1 DOLS.A story of the Major byL.PainckCJreene | Robert E.Pinkerton J.D.Newsom G.W.Odden 'fmo&AFkomfk 3.10th 25Cts THE LOOT OF ZY A _ When Hay gave way to Gasoline THE horse looked out acrois his pasture fence twenty years ago and watched a vehicle called the automobile cough its way along the road. As the years went by that old hay-burner saw the gas tank replace the oat-bm, and an able little engine replace his able self. The progress of the au- tomotive industry is littered with the names of manu- facturers who have flowered and died. One name has not only survived the test of time, but the exacting demands of an industry that accepts only the best. That name is Prest-O-Lite. Today Prest-O-Lite Storage Batteries are per- fected in the world’s largest electro-chemical research laboratories. Whether you buy a battery for your car or radio set— look for the Prest-O-Lite sign. You can buy Prest-O- Lite Automobile Batteries from $ 1 5.50 up—and Radio Batteries from $4.75 up. THE PREST-O-LITE CO.. Inc. INDIANAPOLIS. IND. New York	San Francisco la Canada: Pre»t-0-Litc Company of Canada, Ltd., Toronto. Ontario. ■hS) \ 3#V>,} my / . w r* A-i—I----- The oldest service to motorists JhetitOS&te STORAGE BATTERIES FOR MOTOR-CARS AND RADIO Short Stories. Published semi-monthly on the 10th and 25th. August 10. 1926. issue. Vol. CXVI. No 3. Published at Garden City. N. Y. Subscription price $5.00 a year Entered at the Post Office at Garden City. N. Y.. as second class mail matter. Entered as second class matter at the Post Office Department. Canada. Doubleday. Page & Co.. Garden City, N.Y. SHORT STORIES ADVERTISER & Sincere Instrument * ^POPULARITY L O V £ and ROMANCE will be yours. Fmur, PROTECTION GUARANTEE! Whea you buy a "Sincere" Quality instrument you a re i nk ins no risk. We guarantee ever)- instrument to bo us represented. If you arc not satis- fied, your money will be refunded. Win friend* and popularity 1 Own and play a "Sincere" Hawaiian Ukulele or ■ Banjo Ukulele, a it into fin *icim' Whenever people get together you will always And a unulc-le or Banjo t.'ke the center of attraction. The girl or fellow that can play a musical Instrument ha* an open Invitation t • par- take In social gatherings. Our Hawaiian ukulele is a big. full size, professional model ukulele. Genuine mahogany throughout. Very highly polished finish, good quality gut strings, hardwood pegs. Excellent workmanship throughout, This is a regular 15.On value, especially reduced to S2.9S. ■’Sincere" Banjo Ukulele Is full, professional size, Mahog- any throughout with light oak finish. Keol calfskin load, metal straining hnop. Very good quality gat strings, black hardwood pegs. This banjo ukulele is equipped with a metal resonator, the vory latest thing in banjn ufcule!e=. This Is ■ feature found only in expensive Instruments, and sivej a jazzy twangy tone that will dclieht you. FREE—A full lengih silk neck cord. Our sale price 53.98 for this Jfl.00 instrument. To every one purchasing a Ukulele or a Br.njo Ukc we will Include n complete course of instructions. This course is to simple. No mystery or guesswork—you can pfey within 5 minutes time—20 f'age Book of instructions by May Singhi Breen and Peter DeRose, explains by charts tnd diagrams how to start right into play, also contains 10 popular musical selec- tions. Both the Hawaiian Ukulele and the Banjo Uke are beautiful instruments that you will be proud to own These Instruments sell elsewhere for $5 and Jt>, every instrument Complete Instructions by Worlds Leading-' Instructors A Also gree.n) ™Jeltpicl SEND NO MONEY Don't send a penny, unless you prefer to do *u. Simply Indicate on coupon which Instrument you desire. When Instrument Bnd Free Instruction course arrire. deposit with postman our bargain price, plus o few pennies poitnge. Remember you are to he the Judge—If you are not pleased, your money will he returned. SINCERE STUDIOS 24 East 2Ut Slreul Dept. 200, New York City SINCERE STUDIOS. SperlalM* in Austral MerrlmndUo Dept.SOA, 24 K. Sl*t St., N. V. C. Please send me Sincere Hawaiian Ukulele and free complete course of Instructions, J2.68. □ □ Mahogany Banjo Ukulele and Free complota course of Instructions, J3.93. When instrument of my choieo is delivered I am to deposit with postman on arrival ........... plus a few pennies postage: If I am not satisfied within 3 days, 1 ean return the Instrument and. the course and my money will be refunded. (Orders from outside of Ihe U. 8. must be accompanied by remittance.) Xame ....................................... | Aililrm i '-'ilv ... - SHORT STORIES ADVERTISER "Sure, Jim,” he wrote, “if I had time in the morning, I’d like to have a ‘complete shave/ but I've got one of those 9 o’clock, no-alibi, bosses.” All right! Tonight when you go home, stop and get a full supply of Mennen’s. Tomorrow morning make up your mind, if necessary, you’ll tell your boss where he gets off. A little bit of Mermen Shaving Cream on your brush. Build up the creamy, generous lather. You'll get the surprise of your life when you see how com- pletely your whiskers have lost their fight and how obediently they say "Yes, Sir" to the razor. That'3 Derma tation. Then— squeeze a little Skin Balm on your face. First, you'll feel a little tingling, exciting bite. Nest a fragrant, cool freshness spreading all over your face. Just about the most delightful, stimulating treat you’ve ever given it. Nothing greasy—absorbed in a half a minute. Comes in a 50c tube. No bottle to break. After that, Talcum for Men—a quick dash of this marvelous, velvety film. It is antiseptic, protecting, soothing. It won't show on the face. Actually less time for the Complete Mennen Shave than the old-fashioned method which left your face rough and smarting. You ’II breeze » promptly into the office with a flth*. peppy, million-dollar feeling. Q<*««.	C7 msmsn SHdLMnQ CRSftM 21 Jewel ~ Extra Ihin SrUDEBAjrSR The Insured Watch Sold direct from the factory at a saving of 50%. “SENT FOR Only $1.00! The balance in easy monthly payments. You get the famous Studebaker 21 Jewel Watch—in- sured for n lifetime; ft adjustments, including heat, cold, isochronism and 5 positions—choice of 60 neve Art Beauty Cases in green gold.white gold or yellow gold effects. Latest thin models. rhaiiiCwaal For*limited tim<* wearoofffr- wnainvree.ing » u*uuroi chain free i For FREE Book Send today for won- derful Studebaker Book of Advance Watch Styles and our $1.00 Down Offer—FREE I STUDEBAKER WATCH CO. Dept. T-il	South Bend, Indiana Canadian Aadrexe: Windsor, Ontario Write O'l^----'nw 3	HERE'S	/ one of the greatest opportunities • ever offered ambitious men! Sell Harrison Clothes at wholesale prices. Make $5, $10, $20 profit—cash in your pocket— every day. You'll earn big money. There's big repeat business. We supply handsome FREE sell- ing outfit with 6x9 swatches of long-wear- ing woolens, photos of latest New York models, and selling helps. Prompt deliver- ies, satisfaction guaranteed, great values at $24.75. We ship direct, collect direct. If you want to be your own boss and make most money, write us about yourself today. S. HARRISON BROS., Dept. 805 133 W. 21st St., New York City NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY a where he gets off Want this Job? FRA SKI. IX IS8TITITTE Di-jil. A2IS, BwbHlw, S. I. £1900 TO £2700 A YEAR ^ Slra: “ n'° without chair* TRAVEL—See Your * ™ 82 PM" M-trated Civil Serri« Countrv	* Book, nltb <2> free sample couching y	Ussom; (3) liat of eovoroment job. MEN—BOYS—18 UP	non- obtainable by men and women. MAIL COUPON . IMMEDIATELY / /	Addrt.., Ham*.. SHORT STORIES ADVERTISER k ® k***1 m*k**,~0,,,i<,rr* ""tfty 2^* prices jmaahcd to almost balf .	v— ✓jyF and it’s yours ASl Ute models, completely rebuilt rnd ro- finishedbrand new. GUAliANTHKD fnr ten	** Fre© YEARS. Send no money—htff FKEE catalog	Trial ebows nctaal machines in full colors. Get our direct-to-you easy pay- mont plan nnd lO-d»y free tiinl offer. I.imittd time, no u'rit* !o<ini/, International Typewriter Ex.»l86 W. Lake St. D».'pt 883, Chicagr -THE CONTROL OF BUSINESS Accountants: command bi*r income. Thousands needed. About6.000 Cer tified Public Accountants in U. S Many earn *5,000 to $20,000. We tram you thoroly at home in year sj'iirc time for C. P. A. examina- tions or executive accounting positions. Previous bookkeep- ing knowledge unnecessary— wo prepare you from ground up. Our training is super- vised by We. B. Castenholz, A. M.. C. P. A., assisted by staff of C. P. A.’a. Lowccnt-easy terms. Write now for valuable 64 page book free. taSalle Extension University. Dap*. S76-H. Chicago This Book FREE! A Stt , fa' . Ivifortcd I njli unit ill; BEGINNERS Make $50 a Week Drafting is the BIG field, men! Every industry you can name BEGINS with the draftsman Without mechanical drawings—by the thousands—every shop in the land would be STOPPED. I’ll teach you drafting by mail, in record time! C in nnn A YEAR isn’t extraordinary pay for a finished ■0 1 V,VUV draftsman. Nor »3.S°o «> *5.000 right from year of graduation. Lots of opportunities; hardly a day we don t get letters—telegrams—“Can you send us a man?” So give me your name! Never mind about ready cash. 1 just want to know you mean business. JT>C FAQV AND interesting to learn drafting. You i ■* Ih/AtJ I ncc<i no talent for drawing. it's all done by rules and with tools. One of mv students is 51 years old; another is just seventeen But they'll all be making a grown-up salarv next season! I guarantee to make anyone a finished draftsman who can see thr opportunity and dip this coupon for my new, beautiful, illustrated book. CHIEF DRAFTSMAN DOBE 1951 Lawrence Avenue, Chicago, Div. Cl-18 Send me free and POSIPAID, in time for FRET. TOOL OFFER, your new book. Successful Drafts- manship, and material on your home course, terms, etc. No fits . ................................Age. ... Aid fill ....................................... P.O....................................... Suu---- Pyorrhea robs FOUR out of FIVE He detects the slightest trouble If you see your den- tist at least every six months he can pre- vent teeth decay and detect the first tracc of gum infections. It is better to sec him in time than to take chances with your health. Fbrliaiys FOR THE GUMS More Than a Tooth Paste . Pyorrhea According to dental statistics, pyorrhea steals into the mouths of four out of five men and women after forty. You can tell pyorrhea's approach by tender, bleeding gums. Go to your dentist at once for treatment and be sure to use Forhan's for the Gums night and morning. Forhan's prevents or checks pyorrhea. It contains Forhan's Pyorrhea Liquid which dentists use in comb.it- ing pyorrhea's ravages. It firms the gums and keeps them pink and healthy. The entire family should begin to use Forhan's today. Besides safe- guarding the health it cleanses rhe teeth perfectly. You owe i t to your health to ma kc Forhan’s a regular daily habit. At all druggists 35c and 60c in tubes. Formula of R. J. For ban, D. D. S. Forban Company, New York SHORT STORIES ADVERTISER Looking for a Job? We have one for you! How would you like to work for Doubleday, Page & Com- pany, publishers of nine of the leading magazines? The work is very easy and pleas- ant and you will be gen- erously paid. You cannot separate these two names Tales of Hearsay is Conrad's last book, containing four stories. In one of them, for the first time, he speaks his mind on the ro* j| mantic tragedy of his native Poland. AT ALL BOOK STORES HERE ARE THE TOOLS that make money. Free, too, if you accept this special offer for S. of E. electrical training. Just a few happy hours a week at home means big success. Work that's full of thrills and fun. Send coupon for FREE book. LET THE OTHER FELLOW slave away at §25 fowl £&££ 6“r »■ Business forYourscH men go to the Western	^ Electric, IlarnischfeKer Corp'n, Commonwealth-	Tf Edison and other big electrical concerns. Or go	-i - into business for yourself	%£ and be your own boss. *•« $65 A WEEK AND UP is just ordinary pay in electrical work. Even common electricians make that much. But with our training you can be an electrical expert and get the big job. OPPORTUNITIES BYTHOUSANDS open up every dav. No slack seasons. The electrical boom is jnst starting. S. of £. men are demanded, first because our 22 years’ experience means better training tor our students. 72 PAGE BOOK NOW FREE-aendforyourcopy free and A Personal	postpaid. Money-Back Challenge	guaranty that our course iSSJT?.	T^O for .	“ or mnnfy ba.cJ*- Pul E?£2ri Wa,‘c?upon ,odayw,,h- Obcaii Wkkwatu. Prmidrnl U vfflfi Out tall. $65 A WEEK W	“ ^	Aeh ^cPfa^.lareer u«pl. n.( ,B»«572	Hirst nr 11 'tsnnf	in elcctrioitv In voor Milwaukee, Wis. or rwW Please send mo free anti intturanr.fhii advancement with dec- postpaid your 72 page {<*• S™?®!)* Irieal concerns, book irivinir drtail» nf S.	n/ S. a/ E. of E. training. Also details of your Money-Back euaranty. Nam*........................................... Age.............................Education---- Address....................................... City......................................Stati. Miik.* SUM),00 a week uad up aeNfuf fine (mule- to-mejuwrtt. ull-vwjul nuil« dimI to VftiaM- Hisltol Valtl***-positively fi«ll on riiilit. fiigyeat cxmnuiMioni |>utd in atinkBM. We at trod lu delivery uis*l (johh. 6*9 W««cli Minijjlro- oter 100 stylo* all one pnne funiMwil I UKK. Pari or full lime moil write u(. odda. W . Z.taBSON. 161 W Harri-ou Si.. Dcpt.V-IO} Cliieuj:o ELECTRICAL $50 Kfreoacni oom- ,te free when you >m roll MU » K..1 Ivm!.- FULL TIME or SPARE TIME You can work for us full time or just in your spare hours. Even if you only devote just a few hours every day to this work, you will make big money. » Write for information to Subscription Manager, DOUBLEDAY, PAGE & COMPANY GARDEN CITY	NEW YORK Conrad—Romance! SHORT STORIES ADVERTISER ir*en Gold filled ca*e. Vico $46. $4.40 u month. PIMPLES Cleared up—often in 24 hours. To prove you can be rid of Pimples, Blackheads, Acne Eruptions on the face or body. Barbers' Itch, Eczema, En- larged Pore3, Oily or Shiny Skin, simply send me your name and address today—no cost—no obligation. CLEAR-TONE tried and tested in over 100,000 cases—used like toilet water— is simply magical in prompt results. You can repay thefnvor by telling your friends; if not, the loss is mine. Write Today, E. S. GIVENS, 413 Chemical Bldg., Kansas City, Mo. What $ 1 Will Do! Y-5 -wily Jl wilt bring your choice of those Big Bargain* for ymif .Iiiir.ir.it and 15 DAY TRIAL. Simply pin *1 bill to lh!.< rut, Indicate your selection and mall It TODAY. If ymi run duplicate your selivtlon for less money elsewhere, ►erol It buck and your il will bo refunded. If satisfied, pay balance In 10 equal monthly payments. No Bed Tape— Prompt Delivery—Dealing# Confidential. B-S2—$45 B-82—L a d I e • hand - engraved 18K White Gold ring, w I t h 3 Blue-white DU- numdj $45. *4.40 a month. UK B-86 B-84-I4K White Gotd wrlut wutch; 4 fclue-whiU Diamonds: 4 Hluo Sap- phires Cuaruntoi'd ffi ----* tnovmnc * k munlh. B-86—12 hIco 21 Jewel Illinois Virtor Watch " L. W. SWEET, Inc. Dept-986-N, 1660 Broadway. New York CALLOUSES Quick, safe relief for callouses and burning on bottom of feet. At drug and shoe stores everywhere Br Scholls Xino-pads For Free Sample write The Scholl Mfg. Co., Chicago .To the i Great _ Shops _	ofCoyne _ complete, practical course in 12 weeks. Maasive electrical equipment. Learn Electricity Enter anytime. Special limited offer. Auto and Radio Courses FREE. Send, for big free catalog Now! COYNE ELECTRICAL SCHOOL-D«pt. C-141 1300 - 1310 West Harrison Stract. Chicago, llllneln Rudyard Kipling <c Every home must have a set of KIP- LING. He is the greatest story teller and poet of our generation. AT ALL BOOK STORES Former Bricklayer Now Earning $12,000 a Year “When I enrolled with the International Correspondence Schools, I was a brick- layer and 1 didn't know a thing about blueprints. Today I have my own con- tracting business and I am able to fig- ure the most difficult jobs and execute them to the satisfaction of everyone concerned. My income is between $12,000 and $15,000 a year. It cer- tainly was a lucky day for me when I sent in that 1. C. S. coupon." That’s a true story of what just one student of the International Correspondence Schools has done. There are thousands of others. Every mail brings letters from men and women telling of increases m income and salary due directly to spare-time study. One hour a day spent with the I. C. S., in the quiet of your own home, will prepare you for success in the work you like best. Mail the coupon for Free Booklet ----- TEAR OUT HERE ----- INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENCE SCHOOLS Box 3763-D, Scranton, Penna. Oldett and largest oorrespondcnco tchoole in the tcorld Explain, without obligating me, how I can Qualify for the position, or in the subject. More which I mark X. ]ARCHITECT J Architectural Draftsman 1 Architects' Blueprints j Contractor and Builder j Building Korcman 1 Concrete Builder ]Stiuctural Engineer ] Structural Draftsman ] Heating anil YentllaUon 1 Plumbing Inspector j Foreman Plumber ] Sheet Metal Worker 1 CIVIL ENGINEER j Surveying and Mapping 1 Electric Wiring ] Telegraph Engineer ] Telephone Work ]Mechanical Draftsman ] Toolmaker j Machine Shop Practice ] CHEMIST j Pharmacy ] Navigation J SALESMANSHIP J ADVERTISING 1 Window Trimmer Nam* ........ Occupation & Employer.. 3Plumber and Steam Fitter ELECTRICAL ENGINEER Electric Lighting and Rvs. MECHANICAL ENGINEER Show Card and Sign Pointing BUSINESS MANAGEMENT _ Private Secretary 3 Business Correspondent “BOOKKEEPER Stenographer and Typist Higher Accounting □ COMMERCIAL LAW Common Schuol Subjects 1 Mathematics 1G00D ENGLISH 11LLUSTRATING 1 Railway Mall Clerk j CIVIL SERVICE 1 Mining Engineer lGas Engine Operating ] STATIONARY ENGINEER 1 Textile Overseer or Stmt. ;ER TRAFFIC MAN AG AUTOMOBILES AGRICULTURE _ Poultry Raising 0 Radio Spanish French Business ......Address... Street and No.........................................—.....................— City...................................................State.......................... Cunaifiona may tend tttt coupon tolnUrnational Dcne- tpondenca Schools Canadian. Limited, .Montreal. Canada SHORT STORIES ADVERTISER "finest quality genuine- DIAMONDS s-e~CASH OR CREDIT SATISFACTION GUA0ANTEEO OH MONEY BtFUHBED Our value* are nnexeellad—prov* it for yourself by illVoa- l!^.)^ion end	HWwhlUPlMjrtf •>	^ : iirf brillianrfl end tolurful Gr*. to latufct atyle rmjj m»untii>K* P'Kol •tiwially low for I oolck A-'lill* - -ra-r r.owl Every ring sant in I )i«niram« 6u*. Free Catalog Write now for our big Ihn- - absolutely frt-ot Fully illun- Wa!fK>!«. Silverware, Toi- omj Gift Novelties All gocde delivered on payment of one-tenth purchase price. Balance weakly, eetnl-raontlily, or monthly a* Jk convenient. WRIST WATCH No. 839 H K while itold hand ■•nrruwd nur Fancy win# end*. Silter dial. Hljtb ■rade 16 -Jewel moTatnnnt. tzk Li.60 du«ro ami SJ.OO a week. WEDDING RINGS No, 324 ri)r "Elif.*" l&K whjlejuld. *7 3C t will, s Utaniuud*. S22.Su; .	I. %U 40; 7 I'Umpnd.. »*.• SO • M. . ..Civ <S» Si: 18 l>ia- ,|. *67.50. All Platinum. *25 • i l*»a- id'. *30; t Die- *70; : |iivm«i>, *60: 9 iijh.jiuJ. *100: aurcvuuded by Dia- mond.. *200. Railroad Watchas—Guaranteed to Pass Inspection HAMILTON Mo. 992. 21 Jewel*. Aijuated to 6 Poiii- see tMoa. Gvlrf rtl'ed 2*-Yaer Ca*e......*35 ELCIN'S LATEST RAYMOND. J1 Jewel*,* Adjoabn«lt»- Ru i" li..ur> vita wloiiinc Ciold miud 20-Yrar Cum. - ILLINOIS '8UNN SPECIAL." 21 Jewel*. Adjoatad U' ccf\ (i I'ouduoa. Cold Oiled 25-Year Ca«» ... - HOWARO RAILROAD WATCH. 2J Jewels. 8 Adjust- «nn :ii-ain. -.V V- *r Gold filled i*aa« - - * •	OU Railroad Watehn sold on our regular credit terms. The 17-Jewel w	ELGIN National nq. BROS.&CO. fese Jewelers gSSWESfc OEPT.C-719	25-rwaoal; 108 N. State Street. Chicago. III. v Store* In Leading Cities Ity own: $1 a week FRECKLES Don’t Try to Hide These Ugly Spots; Othine Will Remove Them Quickly and Safely This preparation is so successful in removing freckles and giving a cleor, beautiful complexion that it ts sold by all drag and department stores with a guarantee to refund the money if it fails. Don't try to hide your frecltles or waste time on lemon juice or cucumbers; get an ounce of Othine and remove them. Even the first few applications should show a wonderful improvement, some of the lighter freckles vanishing entirely. Be sure to ask for Othine—double strength; it is this that is sold on money-back guarantee. Now it’s never too late! at the last minute you can send BOOKS by TELEGRAPH to and from these six cities where there are Doubleday, Page Book Shops New York Kansas City St. Louis Springfield Cleveland Antiques interiors, houses, gardens, travel, sports, horses, dogs, blooded cattle--- all these are in Country Life A Doubleday-, Page Magazine Limited Supply at Newsstands ■u DOGS FROM “LIFE” By Thomas L. Masson A book of drawings from Life's best dog numbers. At bookstores, $1.90 Doubleday, Page & Co. SHORT STORIES ADVERTISER SPAWN OL^HE DESER1i$S®W ■.«.< nr..: jom- iSSeSr' J m^oXy WWcr>JtnE THt „ O'*uaj* OF TKt fiORTH ISS®E Stories of the West* the Frozen North and China Seas UWDowjy :^c^uZAL jjjpc-TurrLsi	I 12 Great Books! A Whirlwind of Action f 7in These Breath taking Tales ofAdventure awrfRomance i SEND NO MONEY TO GET THEM Don Qutcknbot of the Itlo Ormide. Stephen Chalmers. A thrilling stoty of life among raiding Mexican bandits. train rob- bers. Texas rangers ami a prairie fire. Loaded Rice. Edwin I- Sabin. A romance of Texas, of the early days, when lives de- pended on quickness o( draw. Atale ol men who were Jugglers with death. Son tag of Sundown, W, C. Tuttle. An ex- citing story of the question of ranch owner- ship—which promoted bloodshed and a war of no mean caliber. Spawn of the Deaert.W.C Tuttle. Where men Ihed raw In the desert's maw,and hell was nothin* to shun; where they liurieil 'em neat, without preacher or ‘beet and writ on their tombstone crude but sweet.“This jasper was slow with his cun." Arlr.onu Argonaut*, II. Bedfiird-Jones. Three •tdventurers whose fortunes' lead through drought and danger to the golden goal they sought. The Lure <»f f’lper* Glen. Theodore Goodridge Robert'. It was the lure o! the North, "f pUnrtfil game and of the dear wind from the irreat plains. Young Jim Todhunler heard it, Apocfce Valley, Arthur Chapman. A story of a cattle war in the Southwest, with all It means—terror and blood feud; alarms l>y night and das'; rustling and stealthy murder. The Cliullenire of the North, James E. Hendryr. This It a story of th- call of the great Northland; of purposes and crus5 pur- r«ses; oflrue nien and of "bad’’ men. Th* Second Mate. H Bedford-Jones. Peril and mutiny on the China Sew. Two white Women at the mercy of a villainous crew, [iin Romes realized the desperate chance when he became mate of the fttilu Que^n. The l>evll’« Pay day.	W.C. Tuttle A tley of brass, the sun a flame. And the land no place to dwell; A hunk of earth, to doggone hot a nunu 01 earth. 10 doggone That It still belongs to Hell 1400 Pages Crammed With Daring, Thrilling Exploits of Hardy Adventures VER ioo.ooo sets of these twelve gripping fascinating books have found their wav into the hearts of live wide-awake folks who enjoy real smashing red-blooded tales. And here is your oppor- tunity to get these twelve great books without a penny in advance. You can also keep them five days to decide for yourself if they are not the most daring, exciting books you ever read. You wnn’t stop reading n single one of these twelve live. Interest holding books un- til you hare finished the last one. for they nro rull of murderous steel knives bran- dished in the air, barking alxshooters. screams of beautiful women, moans of de- fenseless men. treacherous, blood-thirsty villains and gallant rescues. More thrill- ing than any play you ever saw or movie you ever watched. If you want a different kind of enter- tainment don't let another day pass until you get these pocket size hooka written by famous authors who know how to tell all the thrills of pioneer days, Tndlan am- bushes, stnckado fighting, cattle stealing, and the joys and hardships of hardy ad- ventures : famous heroic characters of pres- ent and past days. Send No Money Junt think, you can get this whole library "I 12 clean and wholesome books for about 1 6c each. The whole set will be sent to you now without a cent In advance. And when you get them you won’t leave home 8 single night until you have finished them. There Is nothing In these books that any boy or girl should not read and enjoy. Every one of these splendid books has a striking cover In full colors and printed on good paper. Don't send any money. Just your name and address on the handy coupon and mall It. Wti«n the 12 books arrive simply give your postman 11.98, plus a few cents delivery charges, and the books are yours. However, If you are not fully satisfied th.it they are the most fascinating or any books you ever read send them back within five days and your money will be returned In full. You take no risk. Treat yourself to some live entertainment. GARDEN CITY PUBLISHING CO. Inc. Dept. S-277 Garden City, New York Carden City Publishing Co., Inc. Dept. S-277 Garden City, N. Y. You may send me the 12 volumes of Western Stories by Hendryx. Tuttle, and other famous authors. I will pay the postman only S 1.98 (plus a few cents delivery charges). It Is understood that I may return these books. If I desire, within five days and receive my money back promptly. Name ............................. Address ........................... City ................State ......... SHORT STORIES ADVERTISER Im Qcago, as in new yokkl, salespeople in the finefl Stores say: “Protect delicate THE salespeople in the finest stores in Chicago and New York recently were asked this question: “Which soap is safest for silks and woolens?” By an overwhelming ma- jority, they replied, ‘‘Ivory Soap.” They recommended Ivory more fre- quently than ail other soaps together. Everywhere, the feeling was: “Ivory is pure and safe for anything which pure water alone will not harm.” Your own precious things—are you quite certain that they last as long and stay as fresh as they might? Our booklet, “The Care of Lovely Garmentswith its wealth of val- uable suggestions, will help you keep garments this way” them lovely. May we send you a copy free? Simply address: Section 42-HF. Dept, of Home Economics, Procter & Gamble, Cincinnati, Ohio. IVORY SOAP Cake Tlakes 99^/100% Pure ©L*So. Ib* P. *0. i » Tille registered in U. S. Patent Office ShortStorios Vol. CXVI. No. 3__Whole No. 496 HARRY E. MAULE	D MdLWRAITH EDITOR	ASSOCIATE EDITOR TIME THE HEALER IT FURNISHED an eloquent testimonial I to the healing qualities of time when, in celebration of the fiftieth anniversary of the battle of the Little Big Horn, aged white survivors of the regiment once commanded by General George A. Custer and equally ancient In- dians who had par- ticipated in the campaigns leading up to and follow- ing that massacre, met on the battle- field and solemny shook hands in token o f lasting peace between the white man and the red. As all will re- member, the battle of the Little Big Horn was the be- ginning of the end as a dominant race for the Indian. It was to be the bat- tle whereby the reds would turn back forever the westward pushing whites. And it was the greatest I n- dian victory in the history of frontier fighting, for, de- coyed into an untenable position, General Custer and his command were wiped out to a man by the overwhelming force of In- dians. With the news of the disaster, a wave of fury swept the country. The public clam- ored for vengeance. Worse still were the criticisms in that hour of the soldiers who had died; criticisms against their tactics, even against their courage itself. Charge and coun- tercharge flew fast, even while the men who could make no defence lay but newly buried on that lonely knoll by the Little Big Hom. Yet on that very hill Indian and white man met and pledged their eternal friendship, memor- ialized only the courage and s o 1- dierly qualities of both sides. Why can we not apply the lesson to our own daily lives, even to the small disagree- ments and bitter- nesses of existence. Leave unsaid the criticisms, forget the vengeful ness, look for the good now, instead of waiting for fifty years to temper our passions and open our eyes to keener, saner, more understanding sight. The Editor. ffl1, CONTENTS jg August 10th, 1926 COVER DESIGN	edgar f. wittmack THE LOOT OF THE LAZY A - - 3 W. C. TUTTLE IDOLS - - -........48 L. PATRICK GREENE THE BLACK SQUALL.....69 RALPH R. PERRY A FRESH RECRUIT - - ----75 HERBERT L. McNARY SHEEP LIMIT (Conclusion) - - - 84 GEORGE WASHINGTON OGDEN KEEP GOING.........no J. D. NEWSOM HIS OWN LOGS .......118 ROBERT E. PINKERTON SAM’S MA..........155 BARRY SCOBEE THE WINNING TICKET - - - - 163 FRANK RICHARDSON PIERCE THE CHEATER .......168 CHARLES WESLEY SANDERS THE STORY TELLERS' CIRCLE - 174 YEARLY SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, PAYABLE IN ADVANCE Postpaid in United States, and to all Possessions of the United States, and Mexico . .	$5.00 Postpaid to all Foreign Countries .................6.50 Postpaid throughout Canada...................5.00 The entire contents of this magazine is protected by copyright, and must not be reprinted. Entered at Garden City Po*t Office as second-class mail matter. Issued semi-monthly by Doubleday, Page A Co., Garden City, Long Island F. N, DOUBLEDAY, President	RUSSELL DOUBLEDAY. Secretary ARTHUR W. PAGE, Vice-President	S. A. EVER ITT. Treasurer NELSON DOUBLEDAY. Vice-President	JOHN J HESSIAN. Asst. Treasurer Copyright, 1926, by Doublcday, Page & Co. Our next issue August 25th Out the day it’s dated The disappearance that staggered a nation— A thrilling new serial By J. S. Fletcher THE MISSING CHANCELLOR A complete “Slim Evans” novel DUMPY DOES HIS STUFF By Thomson Burtis WITH THEIR BOOTS ON By Bertrand W. Sinclair also Frederick Moore Charles Tenney Jackson R. de S. Horn DotiMe-loy. Paao <C (Jo. MAOAZINBS Country T.iire Wont.o'B Work Gakdbm a Horn R mi,d«s Radio Broakoaiit Shout S-mniet EfOrUTlOR AI. Uetibw I,» 1’ICTIT JOORMAl, Er. Eoo TlXH I'ltONTIfltt West Duubledity, Page & Co. BOOK 8HOPB IBook'r ot ail PublUhvi) v,.„ t	Book Shop N»w You K \ l*HN.N»y|.VANlA TBIUIINaL (2 «hOH») J 38 WaiA St.. and 188 \V. 32m> 8t. r, T	v OltAND CBNTRAI. i-BUUINAL St. Lonis r 223 North 8th Strbbt kans*. Clbvblano, loSti?®!’ 8TRBM 8PRiNuifiici,D. Mass. Mbekiks. Packard * Wheat Donbladav. Pago i Co. 0FF1CBB Garden Citt. N. Y. Nbw TonK: 285 Madibon Av»nm» Boston : Park Sqiurb Building Chicaoo: Pkoplks Gab Bcn.oiN<i Santa Barbara. Cal. London: Wit. Hicisbmann, Ltd. Toronto: Oxford Onjvshbit* Press TWICE A MONTH AUGUST 10th 1926 THE LOOT OF THE LAZY A A Complete Novel By W. C. TUTTLE Author of “Romance” “Straight Shootingetc. CULTUS COLLINS ONCE MORE STARTS OUT TO INVESTIGATE FOR THE CATTLE ASSOCIA- TION, AND FALLS INTO MORE ACTION THAN HE THOUGHT COULD BE FOUND IN THE WHOLE SOUTHWEST. AND THE END OF IT ALL WAS HIS OWN DISCOVERY THAT IT NEEDS MORE STRENGTH TO BE BEST MAN AT A WEDDING THAN TO BE BEST MAN IN A GUN-FIGHT-WITH WHICH ROLE CULTUS WAS ONLY TOO FAMILIAR IT WAS one of those foggy, raining, dismal nights, when all the world seemed one vast drip, drip of water; cold gusts of wind from the bay, where the fog warnings boomed dis- mally, boat whistles shrilled; while on the streets of San Francisco, little less wet than the bay itself, cable-car motormen danced jigs upon their gongs, seeking to clear the tracks, which they could hardly see in the dim glow of their own head- lights. Standing in the protection of a half lighted doorway, just outside the borders of Chinatown, was a girl. She was dressed in a black suit, black hat. Close inspection would have shown that both the suit and hat were slightly more than well worn, and were also very wet. She car- ried no umbrella. She was not beautiful, but perhaps it was because of the abject '0	3 misery in her big, dark eyes, the utter helplessness of her expression. She was of medium height, slender, white-faced. In fact, her face was so white against the gloom of the doorway, which blended with her black garb, that it seemed like a white mask suspended in- visibly against a dark curtain. The wind swirled past the doorway, showering her with rain, but she did not draw back—- only stared ahead, dumbly. A policeman emerged out of the fog, peered at her, as he went slowly past, glanced up the street toward the clanging of a street car bell, and went on. Pos- sibly he thought she was waiting for a car. A man emerged from a doorway farther up the street, and came down past her. He was tall, rather slender, his head sur- mounted by a huge Stetson sombrero, which made him look gigantic in the dim SHORT STORIES light His heels hit hard on the sidewalk, because of the fact that he was wearing high-heeled boots, and in one hand he car- ried a suitcase. The street car clanged past before he could reach the corner; so he placed his baggage on the sidewalk, shoved his hands deep in his pockets and leaned against a post, almost directly in front of where the girl stood. He turned and looked directly at her, but turned back and drew his hat farther over liis eyes. He shivered a little. He had no overcoat either. A man came from the opposite direction, swathed in a heavy overcoat, whistling aim- lessly. He was a big man, the collar of his coat touching the brim of his derby hat. He did not see the girl until he was almost past her. He stopped and came back to her. It is possible that he did not see the tall man, who leaned against the post. “Hello, Kid,” he said ingratiatingly. "What are you doing out in the rain, all alone ?” The girl did not rq>ly, but drew back against the wall. The tall man turned his head. “No coat, no umbrella?” The man in the overcoat laughed. “Say, you must be up against it, Kid. You don’t look so bad. Snap out of it. Gee, you don't need to shiver on a corner.” “Will you please go away?” asked the girl. "I'm all right.” “I’ll say you are, Kid—all right. I like you. Don't be uppish. Come on, and I’ll show you a good time.” “Please let me alone.” The girl spoke softly. “Don’t try to kid me,” laughed the man. “You’re going with me and I’ll show you the best time-” The tall man had stepped in behind him and a huge hand, which gripped like a vise, had fastened to his shoulder. “The lady asked yuh to let her alone, yuh know.” The tall man’s voice seemed mild, apologetic. The man squirmed quickly. “Who in hell are you ?” he demanded. Names wouldn’t mean anythin’” the other said mildly. The man jerked loose. “Then keep your hands off me! 1 his is none of your busi- ness! Now, trot along and let us alone.” 4	Ma'am," the tall man spoke softly, ig- noring the threatening attitude of the other man, “do yuh want to go with this man?” “I certainly do not.” “I reckon that's final, don’tcha think?” The big man in the overcoat possibly did not agree with this, and he was foolish enough to swing a right-handed blow at the head of the tall man. The overcoat was a serious handicap. His blow had only traveled half of its arc, when a thick, bony fist, seemingly weighted with lead, caught him under the chin, and he went backward into the street, where he went down in a heap. The girl stifled a scream, but the tall man's chuckle was reassuring. “Did yuh know this man, ma’am?” he asked, caressing his right hand. “No, I did not. I don’t know who he is.” "Neither does he—right now. Ain’t it cold! I hate this kind of weather. I s'pose it’s because I live so much on the desert.” “On the desert?” The girl spoke softly. “Where everything is dean and good— and the sunshine-” “Have you lived there?” “Ages and ages ago.” The tall man peered closer at her. “Yuh don’t look old.” “I’m twenty-two.” The tall man laughed softly. “Yeah, yo're sure ancient, ma’am. And yo’re all wet and shiverin’. Will yuh—? Say, that’s funny. I just knocked that feller into the street for askin’ yuh to go with him, and I was about to do the same thing. He’s gettin up. “Yeah, and he’s goin’ the other way. He’s stoppin’ at the sidewalk, prob’ly won- derin’ what to do about it. Mebbe he don’t know what it’s all about.” The man had staggered to the opposite sidewalk, where he stood, humped slightly in the rain. His derby hat was out in the street, but he did not seem to miss it. A policeman was coming down that side of the street, and they heard the man say something, which caused the officer to stop. “C’mon,” said the tall man, grasping the girl by the arm. "Yuh never can tell what that jigger will tell the law.” Shielding her as much as possible from the rain, the tall man picked up his suit- case and escorted the girl around the cor- ner and down the block. She did not hold back. There was too much sincerity in the voice of this big cowboy for her to feel afraid. “Where are we going?” she ventured to ask. “I know a place.” he said jerkily. “It ain’t so much to look at, and lotsa ornery folks eat there, but they sure sabe how to THE LOOT OF THE LAZY A 5 cook a steak, and make soup. Do yuh like soup?” “Soup?” The girl spoke the word queerly, as though it was something she had once known, but had forgotten. “Yeah, that’s it. Lotsa onions and meat. Here we are.” He led her up a rickety stairs, where the air was redolent with odors of frying meats, garlic; the hundred-and-one odors that make up the atmosphere of a bohemian chop-house, where no questions are asked. No head waiter met them. In fact they were almost knocked down by a hurrying waiter, carrying a tray of dishes; a short- haired, broken-nosed individual; a one- time artist in the manly art of scrambling ears. It was warm up there amid all those smells. The tall man led the girl to a va- cant booth, which an anemic-looking waiter was cleaning up, and they sat down opposite each other. The tall man had placed his suitcase beside the entrance, where he could watch it. It was the first time they had had a good look at each other. The girl’s face was slightly flushed now, and when she removed her dripping hat, she was really pretty. Her hair was a soft brown. The man’s face was long and bony, with a large nose, keen gray eyes and a big mouth. His cheek-bones were prominent, his hair of a neutral shade, neither blonde, brown nor red. His hands were huge, bony-wristed, flecked with freckles. He was dressed in a cheap brown suit, flannel shirt, and his trousers were tucked in the tops of his high-heeled boots. The girl looked in- tently at him. There was no denying that he was homely. Then he smiled at her. She caught her breath for a moment—and smiled back at him. He was not the same man when he smiled. She caught herself staring at him, while the waiter took their order, wonder- ing that a smile should so absolutely change a man. The waiter went away, marveling at the appetites these two must have. “Ma’am,” said the tall man gravely, “my name’s Collins. My friends call me ‘Cul- tus'; Cultus Collins, from Cuyamac.” “And I am just Mary Smith,” she said simply. “They used to call me Mary Elizabeth—when I had friends.” “When yuh did have, Mary Smith ?” “Yes.” “Uh-huh. Mary Smith, how long since yuh ate a meal?” “Why—er—this noon.” “Yuh don’t need to lie to me, Mary 10 Elizabeth. Callin’ yuh that ought to prove me yore friend—and yuh hadn’t ought to lie to yore friends.” Mary Smith looked into the gray eyes of Cultus Collins, and decided not to lie, be- cause he seemed to know that she lied. “It wasn’t a very big meal,” she said slowly. “It wasn’t any meal at all, Mary Smith.” “No, I guess it wasn’t.” And then Mary Smith bowed her head on her wet anus and cried, while Cultus Collins up- set a bottle of catsup, trying to pat her on the shoulder and tell her to quit crying. Several diners looked curiously at them, but they were of the breed that mind their own business. Mary Smith finally stopped crying, dab- bled her eyes with a wet handkerchief, and tried to appear brave, while she choked over the first meal she had eaten in two days. Cultus did not question her, nor did she offer any explanation, until the steaks and baked potatoes and soup and salads were but memories, and they were eating huge slices of apple pie and cheese, for which the place was famous. There were roses in Mary Smith’s cheeks now, even if her body was still wet from the rain. Bit by bit she told her story to Cultus Collins. It was not a new tale of woe. Mary Smith had come from a little town in New England; literally ran a w a y, because she did not want to marry a cer- tain man, greatly desired by her parents, and be- cause she want- ed to see some of the world. She had saved enough money to buy a ticket to the Mid- dle West, and by selling a few pieces of jewelry she was able to stretch this ticket to San Francisco, where she had an aunt. But the aunt was not there. Lack of a business education lost her several fairly good positions. Sickness cost her all her slender savings, and just now she was a week overdue on her room rent, and the room was locked against her. For three days she had haunted the stores, trying to get a position, but they merely looked at her shabby clothes and told her that there was nothing available just now. Cultus Collins rubbed his chin and won- dered what to do. He was not financially SHORT STORIES able to give her much assistance. He could give her enough money to square up her room rent and enough for a few days of square meals. But tliat would not remedy the clothes proposition—and with- out clothes she could not hope to get a pay- ing position. “Just what was yuh goin’ to do—standm there in the rain, Mary Smith?" he asked. She shook her head, her eyes filling with tears. "I—I don't know. My body was numb, and I guess my mind was not far from being in the same state. It was all so hopeless, don't you see?” "Uh-htih, I see. And yet yuh wouldn't go with that man.” She shook her head. “I was going .the other way.” “Toward the bay?” Mary Smith nodded dumbly. Cultus sighed and shook his head. "It’s a queer old world, Mary Smith. I’ve been here two days, and I was roomin' in a little place jist up the street from where we met. I was leavin', yuh see. I had plenty of time, but I hurried. That’s fate, I reckon.” "It was fate for me,” sighed the girl. "The !>ay seems a long way from here, Mr. Collins.” Cultus smiled widely. "Nothin' like a steak to make a person change their mind.” Another couple had entered the restau- rant, and came up to the next booth. The man was fairly young, sleek-haired, flash- ily dressed. The woman was wearing a brown traveling suit, trimmed with ex- pensive furs, and was wearing a small hat. She was young and beautiful, in an arti- ficial way, but just now her face was con- torted with indignation, as she faced the young man. "I suppose you think that was a smart thing to do!” she fairly snapped at him. "Is it any of your business if I want to take a little trip? Explain yourself 1” The man deposited a suitcase beside the one Cultus had placed near the booth en- trance, and took the girl by the arm. „ ' I^?n t la,k so damn’ loud," he advised. Get in there and sit down, Janice. I just wanted to be sure you wasn’t doin’ a runout on me. This don’t look right to me. I happen to know that your lawyer friend has been up to see you twice in two days, and I know you haven’t any need of leeal advice. Sit down!” They sat down in the next booth, but their voices were pitched loud enough for Cultus and Mary Smith to hear what was said. “I’ll explain nothing.” declared the girl. "Let that pocketbook alone!— Well, are you satisfied?" It was evident that the man had investi- gated her bag. "You're not very well heeled, that’s true. But that don’t mean you won’t meet some- body at the Ferry Building. 1 heard you tell the taxi driver where to take you. Now, come clean, Janice. You were going to leave me flat. I've bought you clothes, diamonds, paid your rent, furnished you a car—and you run out on me.” Gune a few moments of inaudible con- versation, the man’s voice was raised in anger. "What do you care how I make my money? You’re getting rather prudish, it seems. I suppose you think that if the police get me, you'll go along, because you spent my money, eh ? Well, my money is as good as the money of that dirty hum of a lawyer! He’s as crooked as anybody in the district. Sa-a-ay! Are you giv- ing me the gate for that welcher? ' "Your opinions do not interest me,” said the girl. "Call me a taxi. I'm sick of your insinuations.” "Aw, pull that stuff and get a vaudeville contract! Why, you little bum, anybody would think you was Bernhardt! Snap out of it! Get away from me? Ha, ha, ha, ha! Fine chance. Na-a-aw! Sit still, or I’ll knock you for a loop!” Cultus was not so interested that he failed to see two men come in. One was the big man he had knocked into the street, while the other was of the same type as the man with the girl. They halted mid- way of the room, ignoring the gestures of a waiter. Then Cultus heard the man in the booth say, "There’s that dirty welcher now! Leggo me!” A dish crashed to the floor, as the man jerked away from the girl and stepped out beyond the curtains of the booth. The two men had turned toward it, and the big man had stepped forward, his hand reaching inside his overcoat, as the wo- man’s companion emerged. There were no preliminaries. It seemed to Cultus that both men knew what this meeting would mean. He saw the man at the booth whip out a snub-nosed gun. The other man was just as quick, and both guns spat rapidly, filling the room with short, snappy reports, both men shooting as fast as they could press the trigger. It was all done in the space of a few seconds. The man at the booth entrance dropped his gun, to THE LOOT OF THE LAZY A 7 turned around, as though to re-enter the booth, but his grasping hands tore down die hanging curtains, pulling them down on top of him, as he fell. The other man was on the floor, try- ing to stay on his hands and knees. A frightened waiter had dropped a filled tray, and was running toward the back of the room. “My God, they hit that girl, too!” some- one yelled. And then somebody cut off the lights. Cultus and Mary had got to their feet and were at the booth entrance, when the lights went out, plunging the room in darkness. But Cultus had located the exit, and now he grasped his suitcase in one hand, while with the other he clung to Mary Smith, fairly dragging her to the top o£ the stairs, tearing a way through the frenzied mob. At the top of the stairs he lifted her up with one arm, fending the stragglers away with his suitcase, and plunged down the rickety stairs and out into the rain, where he let her down. Cultus knew it would only be a minute or two until the police would be there; so he hurried Mary Smith down the street, around a corner, where they found a taxi. Into this they went, and Cultus told the driver to take them to the Ferry Building. Mary had said nothing, and by the dim light of the cab, Cultus could see that she was very white. He patted her on the shoulder, and she tried to smile. ‘‘Hang onto yore nerve,” he whispered, and then his eyes happened to fall upon the suitcase at their feet. It was not Cultus’ bag at all; it was the other one! Cultus look- ed at it closely. Only in the dark could i t have been mistaken for the battered suit- case Cultus had owned. This one was of fine finish—an expensive thing—and was filled to 'capacity. But Cultus did not mention it to Mary Smith. They got out at the Ferry Building and went inside. Cultus bought tickets to Oakland. It would be ten minutes before ferry time; so he led Mary Smith to a se- cluded scat, putting the suitcase on his lap. It was not locked. He unfastened the nickel buckles and opened the case, while Mary gasped with astonishment. It was filled with women’s clothes; dainty things 10 ’ which seemed to arise from the depths of the case, as they were released from pres- sure. On the top were two envelopes. The first contained a ticket and Pullman ac- commodations to Oreana, Arizona and a hundred-dollar bill. The other was sealed in a plain envelope. Cultus ran the blade of his knife under the flap and opened the envelope without damaging it. Together he and Mary Smith read: Dear M: Introducing lattice Lee, alias anything you want to call her. She knows pari of the game, and is a fair actress, if you can keep her sober. Good luck to you. Yours, L. P. S. I only gave her a hundred out of that five you sent; so you only owe me a hundred, if it pans out all right. Better see that she gets hers, because I won’t swear to her playing on the square, unless you do. Cultus looked sideways at Mary Smith, as he sealed the letter and replaced it in the suitcase. He removed the envelope, containing the tickets and hundred-dollar bill, which he handed to Mary Smith. “Why give it to me?” she asked, looking queerly at him. “Does fate scare yuh, Mary Elizabeth?” he asked softly. “I was going to Arizona, when yuh made me miss my car. I wasn’t headin’ for Oreana; but it’s on my way.” “But I’m not going to Arizona,” “Listen to me, Mary Elizabeth Smith. Yuh can’t buck fate. If I’m any judge of things as they look, that big feller was the one that was sendin’ that girl, Janice Lee, out to Oreana, Arizona. “The big feller is plumb full of lead, and I heard somebody say that the girl was hit. She was behind him, yuh remember. A lot of lead was used this night. You was headin’ for the bay, wasn't yuh? Here’s a suitcase full of clothes, and I’m sure I seen a trunk check stickin’ down in a corner. There's a hundred-dollar bill. From now on, yo’re Janice Lee, a pretty fair actress, as long as yuh stay sober. And they bet- ter pay yuh what’s cornin’ to yuh, or you’ll yelp. Sabe what it means?” “But—but wouldn’t it be wrong?” fal- tered Mary. “It started wrong, Mary.”	# . As Cultus fastened up the shining buckles, the ferry-boat passengers came crowding out. He picked up the suitcase. SHORT STORIES 8 hold out his ham! to Mary Smith, and they went out together. And while they listened to the throb ot the engines and the eery wail of the fog- horns a police officer reported to a desk- sergeant: "It was all over when we got there, Searg. Two dead men and a girl they say can't live. They sure did a good job. Everyone else was out of there, but we got a suitcase, which one of the waiters said ‘Speed' Evans brought in. Loring, the lawyer, was all shot to pieces." Another officer came in, carrying the bat- tered suitcase, and the detective bureau as- sisted in its examination. They found two pairs of overalls, several socks, a red shirt, a lariat rope and several packages of to- bacco. "If that belonged to Speed Evans, it’s too bad he got kiiled,” observed a hard-bit- ted detective, grinning. "Why?” asked the desk sergeant. "Why? Because the blamed crook must have been starting out to do something use- ful in the world.” "What do you know about Loring. the lawyer ?” "Enough/* said the detective, “to shed very few tears over his demise/’ "And the girl ?” "Speed’s girl. Searg. Maybe Loring tried to get her. She’s badly shot from liquor. Got two automatic bullets through her, besides. No use investigating. They cleaned up everything for themselves. My gosh, that dump is a wreck/’ “Somebody else took a wallop at Loring tonight,” said an officer, who had been at the restaurant. "He was all over mud, and his hat was in the street. He tried to teli me what it was all about, but I told him to go home and wash his face.” And thus ended the incident, as far as the police were concerned. Cultus Collins’ suitcase was thrown on a shelf, along with a lot more derelict bundles, and the of- ficers went back to their work. OREANA CITY was a typical cattle town of the Southwest; an old place, where the original settlers had builded with adobe, and was still half adobe. Most of the houses were one-story, arranged along a single dusty street, and the alignment of the buildings would have driven an engineer frantic. In early days they had builded along a crooked road, and the crooked road was still the main street of Oreana City. It was located at the end of a branch railroad line, which served thirty miles of cattle and mining country. An irregular freight and passenger train made daily round trips over the line, making little pre- tense of a schedule. Oreana City, like the majority of cattle towns, was more un- moral than immoral. The honkatonk was the main center of amusement, and gam-* bling was taken as a matter of course. A stage line ran from Oreana City to the gold mines of Welcome Creek, thirty miles away. Being an outfitting center for both cattlemen and miners made Oreana City somewhat the pivotal center of that little universe. It was also the county seat. Three miles northwest of Oreana City was the ranch of the I^azy A; three miles southwest of Oreana City was the ranch of the Star X. Between these two outfits was a feud which had lasted so long that no one paid much attention to it any more. That is, they hadn't, until the funeral of old Jud Ault, owner of the Lazy A. Over a year previous to the funeral, Jud Ault had been shot from ambush, the bullet in- juring his spine and causing partial paraly- sis. Since then he had never been able to walk. It was generally believed that the bullet was fired by one of Eph Wheeler's Star X outfit, if not by old Eph himself. But there was no evidence to con- vict them. The feud had started so long ago that no one seemed to know just what had caused it. Some said it started over a card game, in which whisky played a prominent part; others said it was over the woman who married Jud Ault and died when their little girl, Faith, was but a tiny slip of a child. At any rate, Jud Ault and Eph Wheeler had been bunkies before this trouble, but had not met, face to face, in over twenty years. Jud Ault, even before his injury, which finally killed him, was a grim, sour-faced old man, quick of temper. He hated man- kind, and did not hesitate to say it. The Lazy A made Ault rich. Mining engineers had urged the old man to lease or sell part of his ranch, which was rich enough to make him a millionaire. But he refused. He hated miners. They dug holes in the ground. He did not want to be rich. Faith had grown up in awe of her par- ent; the prettiest girl in the country, but THE LOOT OF THE LAZY A 9 denied of suitors. Woe unto the gay cow- boy who tried to jingle his spurs across the threshold of the Lazy A ranch-house. And when she was eighteen she married Jack Keene, a gambler; ran away with him, sj>ent a short honeymoon, and came back for the paternal blessing. But what they found was a door closed against them. Never again did Jud Ault speak to his daughter. He drew back in his shell, like an old turtle, even refusing to go to town. And when it was definitely decided that Jud Ault had made his final decision, Jack Keene, gambler, former law-, yer (according to Miles Lane, a local at- torney, who had formed a friendship for Keene) disappeared from Oreana City— alone. Not even then did Jud Ault relent and take back his daughter, who had no means of support. Men went to him and urged him to take care of her, even if he did not want to see her, and he cursed them out. There was no doubt in the minds of every- one that Jack Keene had had an eye on the Lazy>A, when he married Faith; but had sneaked away like a cur, when he found that his marriage did not mean money. Then came the Keene baby. Men said that old Jud Ault would relent now. But lie never saw his grandchild. Faith Keene lived in a little shack of a house, which Jack had partly furnished. She tried to make a living by taking in washing, but the re- turns were too small compared to the phy- sical labor involved. Also she was obliged to compete with a Chinese laundry—which some of the cowboys offered to put out of business and give her a clear field. But she declined their offer. Things were breaking very badly for Faith Keene, when Miles Lane came to her with some money, which he told her came from Jack Keene. She did not wonder why he did not send her this money direct, because she was too thankful to get it. Lane would not tell her where Jack Keene was. Every month the Oreana City law- yer would bring her enough for her monthly wants, and she was able to strug- gle along and take care of her baby. East of Oreana City, about four miles, were the tumbledown ranch buildings of the Cross Arrow, owned by “Badger’' Hill and his son, known as "Shitless.” They were veritable range derelicts, these two. Bad- ger was a short, squatty, bewhiskered sort of a man, who greatly resembled his name- sake. His vocabulary was limited to few words—mostly profane. Shif'less was a big hulk of a man, less 10 than thirty years of age. He was not un- handsome, in his big, lumbering way. His features were strong, blocky, and his wist- ful gray eyes seemed to be continually won- dering at the world from beneath a huge mop of blonde hair, which seemed forever to stand on end. It was hinted that the Cross Arrow ex- isted through the taking of oreanas— calves which had escaped the branding- iron of their original owners. Farther to the north, these animals were designated as mavericks. And it was also hinted that Badger Hill was not averse to forcing an oreana—taking a calf away from its mother, that he might later run it on the Cross Arrow and claim it for his own. Shif’less Hill had, in a way, grown up with Faith Keene, and always admired her from afar. Jud Ault had detested Badger Hill and his big cowpuncher son—mak- ing it mutual, because both Badger and Shif'less hated the hardfaced owner of the Lazy A. Eph Wheeler was a mild-mannered old man, thin-faced, keen-eyed; one of the old type of cattlemen, who cursed with no trace of emotion, and fanned the hammer of his sixshooter, when the need arose, with the air of a man who had a slightly disagreeable task to do, and wished to do it as quickly as possible. “Dude” Wheeler, the son, was a tall, straight-backed young man, who walked so straight in his high-heeled boots that it seemed as though a gust of wind would blow him over backward. He was thin of face, with a wide mouth, showing excellent teeth when he smiled. His eyes were deep-set, black as India-ink, beneath heavy brows, while his nose was bony. His love for gaudy clothes had won him his cognomen, and he was the flashiest cowboy in the Oreana country. But Dude Wheeler was a tophand cowboy; ready to fight, drink, gamble or race. He had been taught to hate the Lazy A. But now there was no Lazy A, as far as the Ault family was concerned. Faith had been disowned, and no one ever heard Jud Ault speak of having any relatives. So, as long as there was no Ault family to fight, it seemed that the feud would, or had, died. No one con- sidered that Faith Keene was an Ault. The Lazy A was in the hands of “Idaho” Breen, who had been Ault’s foreman for years. Idaho was small of stature, as gray as a badger and with about the same dispo- sition. Perhaps association with Jud Ault had caused Breen to become cynical, never smiling. IP Cleve Sears, the sheriff, had well de- scribed Idaho Breen, when he said, “If I was goin' to pick out a mail to do a first- class job of murderin’ somebody. I’d pick Idaho Breen; ’cause he’d be sure that it was a neat job—and I don’t reckon his conscience would ever bother him at all." Not that Idaho had ever killed anybody —not in the Oreana country, at least. No one had ever heard him mention the feud between the Lazy A and the Star X, but for years he had ridden with a Winchester rifle in a boot under his saddle fender. It had been hinted that Dude Wheeler had found Faith Ault rather easy to look upon, but, because she was an Ault, he had rarely seen her. Seldom did the Lazy A and the Star X outfits meet in Oreana City, but when they did both sides were coldly civil. They came to the same dances, thereby causing the sheriff much mental anguish for fear of trouble, as he wanted to play square with both sides. But the Aults were [gone now, and there (were only Idaho Breen and his three punch- ers, “Omaha” Woods, “Mex” Leone, and “Pie” Ide. But they were enough. In range language, a man had to be salty to work for the Lazy A. Omaha Woods was broad of beam, with the neck and shoulders of a wrestler and the mustache of a Viking. Mex Leone was small, slender, almost as black as an Indian; possibly the best bronc rider in the country. Pie Ide was rangy built, tall, powerful. Men likened him to Abraham Lincoln in his facial as- pect, but the physical likeness was the only way in which he resembled the great Eman- cipator. Pie Ide was as hard-bitted as a foundup bucker, but with a sense of humor, which neither Omaha nor Mex seemed to possess. It was about a week after the funeral of Jud Ault. Sliif’less Hill was on his monthly peanut spree. While the other cowboys spent their monthly salary, or a great part of it, for liquor and cards, Shif’- *ess Hill consumed large quantities of pea- nuts and. a sprinkling of peppermint candy hearts; chuckling to himself over the inane inscriptions thereon. Just now he had strolled to the front gate of Faith Keene’s little place, where Faith was sitting on the porch with the lit- SHORT STORIES tie boy. She spoke to Shi Hess, who opened the gate and came in, sprawling lazily on the steps. He offered Faith some peanuts, but she declined, smiling at the boyish actions of the big cowboy, who poked a finger at the boy, who chuckled with delight. “Hyah makin’ it?” he asked Faith. “Oh, all right, Shif’less.” “Uh-huh,” Shif’less crunched a mouth- ful of peanuts, his big hands hanging limply on his knees. “Tha’s food, Mrs. Keene. Glad to hear it. Say," he looked up at her quizzically, “I heard that yore dad left a will.” Faith looked blankly at him. “Why, I— I never heard-” “Well, he did. I heard Idaho Breen tellin’ about it. Miles Lane helped him make it out. Idaho signed it, so he said. Some of the boys got to talkin’ about the Lazy A, and some of ’em seemed to think that you was agoin’ to git it. But Breen said there was a will. He didn't tell much about it, except that there was a niece, or somethin’ like that, mixed up in it. I was a wonderin’ if Miles Lane had told yuh any- thin’ about it, yuh know." “He didn’t, Shif’less,” Faith sighed deeply. “No, I didn’t know anything about it.” “Uh-huh. I hear lotsa fellers goin' around, kinda admittin’ that Jud Ault was all right. I suppose that’s the thing to do, after a man’s dead and gone, but they all knowed that-” “He was my father, Shif’less.” “That’s all right. Bein’ a father seems to be more or less of a responsibility, Mrs. Keene; but yore dad shucked his. Yeah, he’s dead and gone, and you get tears in yore eyes when folks talk about him. Mebbe yo’re right. I’ve got a dad," Shif’- less smiled slowly, his wistful eyes fixed upon the little boy on Faith’s lap, “and lotsa folks say he ain't worth nothin’. He’s a mean voiced, hard-fisted old pelican. Yeah, I know him better than anybody else does. “They say he steals cattle. But they ain’t never caught him at it. Mebbe he’s a thief, and he sure uses bad language. Some- times he gets drunk and acts pretty rough. But as long as I can remember, Mrs. Keene, he’s never said a mean thing to me, except,” Shif’less smiled and filled his mouth with peanuts, “except the time he said that I shore as hell was a throw-back to my monkey ancestors. Dad hates pea- nuts.” Faith laughed, and the boy chuckled, as though he understood. 10 THE LOOT OF THE LAZY A “Yuh named him Jack, didn't yuh?" asked Shi fless. "Yes,” softly. “Jack Keene, Junior.” “Uh-huh. Well,” Shi f’less got to his feet, brushing the peanut shells off his lap, “I’ll be anglin’ along. Say, I was jist a- thinkin'. Out at the ranch I've got a little painted bronc. He ain’t bigger’n a minute. Been goin' to break him to ride, but he's so small that m’ feet hit the ground. I was jist a-wonderin' if little Jack wouldn’t like him.” “Oh, that’s thoughtful of you, Shif'less, but don’t you realize that little Jack won’t be able to ride a horse for a long time?” “Uh-huh. Well, I—uh—tha’s all right, too. Yo’re welcome. I'll give him the bronc, and keep it out at the ranch until yuh need it. Them painted ones shore live a long time. Well, good day, Mrs. Keene. I reckon I’ll git more peanuts, and head f’r home.” Shif’less walked back to the main street, and was heading toward the New York General Merchandise Store, when he met Cleve Sears, the sheriff. Sears was short and fat, with a full-moon sort of a face. His idea of a good time was to sit in the shade and whittle. “Hello, Shif’less,” he said jerkily. Too much fat had made him short of breath. “ ’Lo, Cleve," drawled Shif'less. “What- cha know?” “I know that Idaho Breen is sore as hell. Know what he done? This mornin’, so he says, he found fifty-three Lazy A cow hides in a prospect hole, somewhere be- tween the Lazy A and the road to Welcome Creek. Said the damn’ hole was about fifty feet deep, and he didn't know that them hides was there until he smelled ’em.” “Smellin’ kinda deep, wasn't he ?” smiled Shif’less. “Prob'ly the smell come out the mouth of the shaft.” “Prob’ly. Still that ain’t so bad for him. Hides are worth good money right now.” The sheriff breathed heavily. “I dunno. Idaho’s mad. Says he’ll show the Star X where to git off at.” Shif’less cracked his few remaining pea- nuts, poured them into his mouth and be- <*an chewing complacently. “Didja hear *hat old Jud Ault wrote out a will before he died?” “Somebody said he did. Left the Lazy A to a niece of his.” “And left his daughter out in the cold.” “Yeah, that’s true. I hear her husband is sendin* her money every month. That’s to how she gits along, Shif'less. He can’t be such an awful jigger, if he does that for her.” “Must be all right,” mumbled Shif'less. “Don't yuh reckon the feud between the Lazy A and the Star X is ended?” “It ort to be, Shifless. Still, yuh never can tell. They tell me that this niece of Jud Ault’s is named Ault—Mary Ault. Ordinarily I’d say that a woman ain't got no business runnin’ a cow ranch, but if she keeps Idaho Breen there she won’t have to do much of the runnin'. Idaho’s been in charge ever since Jud Ault got shot.” “Uh-huh. The Lazy A is worth a lot of money, Cleve. I had a talk with one of them minin’ engineers 'bout a year ago. He was pokin’ around the hills out near our place, and he told me that the surface show- in’ on the Lazy A was worth a cold mil- lion.” “Yeah, I heard it, too. Old Jud knowed it was there. But the Lazy A made him plenty of money—and he hated holes in the ground. I asked Miles Lane if the old man’s will stated that no minin’ was ever to be done 011 the Lazy A, but he said it didn’t.” “I was jist w o n d e r i n’ if Faith Keene couldn’t contest that will, Cleve." “Miles says she can’t, because the old man left her one whole dollar. He says he disowned her and didn’t want to even leave her the silver dollar, but Miles showed him where she could bust the will, if he didn’t mention her at all." “Uh-huh,” Shif’less picked his teeth with a match. “It ’pears to me that them damn’ lawyers jist has to be accurate, even if it wrongs the right folks. Well, I'm all out of peanuts. See yuh later, Cleve." “S’-long, Shif’less.” Shif’less sauntered on up the street. He saw Idaho Breen in front of Miles Lane’s office, talking with Lane. They nodded coldly to him, as he went past and entered the store just beyond. 1 Miles Lane was above average height, slightly stooped. His sandy hair was thin and wiry; his eyes, close-set, were buried beneath beetling brows, which gTew to- gether over the bridge of his thin nose. The hinges of his wide jaws were knobby from incessant gum-chewing. But al- SHORT STORIES 12 though the jaw was wide at its hinge, it tapered clown to a weak chin, which gave his head the appearance o-f being topheavy. He invariably wore a winged collar and a stringy black tie, which no doubt gave him a "judicial air. Lane was a bottle drinker. Perhaps so because of its econ- omy. And as a result he was very often under the influence of liquor. “You said she’d be here Wednesday, eh?" questioned Idaho Breen, his cold eyes studying the flushed face of the lawyer. “Yes; Wednesday, Breen.” “Uh-huh. When is the will to be read ?” “Oh, after she gets here. We’ll have the judge and the sheriff there to hear it. I suppose the best thing to do will be to take her right out to the Lazy A as soon as she comes.” “That’s what I aim to do, Miles. I was just wonderin’ if Faith Keene will make any move to contest the will. It looks as though she could do that.” “If she had enough money to make a fight of it, Idaho. I’m goin’ to have a talk with her and see how she feels about it. But she can’t do much. The will gives her one dollar. That’s a legal point. And everybody around here knows that Jud Ault wouldn’t let her iq his house. He disowned her.	t “No, I don’t think she’s got a chance to contest the will. In fact, I don’t think she ever thought of such a thing. She’s proud.”	t ‘‘How much do yuh really think the Lazy A is worth, Miles?” The lawyer smiled thoughtfully. “The mineral rights are easily worth a million. I talked with those engineers when they prospected it. and they said it was so rich that they were afraid to estimate. One of ’em got drunk and talked. They were em- ployed by Eastern capital, and 1 happen to know that Jud Ault was offered more money than he knew existed, just for the mineral rights.” “I know that,” said Idaho. “I’ve liad assays made. too. Oh, it's there, Miles.” ‘You bet it’s there. Now, what about those cow-hides?”	* J ust what I told you. That prospect hole is full of Lazy A hides. That damn’ •t?r sr	us.ed lhat deep shaft to get nd of Lazy A hides. They’ve been eat in’ Lazy A meat for years, and I've wondered where they threw the hides.” “Any proof?” asked Lane judicially. ► “Proof? No! How dm yuh prove who shot a beef? They’ve all been shot.” . “Then drop the subject until you’ve got no use starling a proof, Idaho, There's battle with the Star X.” “Just let 'em keep on eatin’ our meat, eh ? “Have you ever eaten any Star X beef ?” “Yo’re damn’ well right, I have! But not that much.” “The amount doesn’t matter. What I want you to do is to forget those hides. If you can get the goods on the Star X, I'm for it. But right now we don’t want 10 stir up any war. Get this girl estab- lished out at the Lazy A* Breen. I sup- pose every cowpuncher in the country will want to marry her.” Breen laughed coldly. “I suppose. My own outfit have taken to washin' their necks, ever since they heard she was coin- in’.” “She’d 1>e a good catch,” Lane laughed softly. “I might marry her myself.” “You better quit drinkm’,” advised Idaho coldly. ■ “I don’t drink enough to hurt me." 1 “Well, I don’t want yuh to drink enough to hurt me.” Miles Lane laughed. “I guess you won't get hurt much. Just forget those cow-hides, Idaho. We'll deal with the Star X when we get the goods on ’em. Anvway, rustling is petty larceny beside what we’ll get.” ! Something prompted Idaho to step over to the front window, which looked out on the crooked main street. Leaning against the wall, near the window, w'as Shif’less Hill, still eating peanuts. Idaho motioned to Lane, who came over Apparently Shi f’less was in eating more peanuts. I Idaho watched the big Cross Arrow ‘ puncher, who finally dusted the peanut shells oft his shirt front, shoved the re- mainder in his chapps pocket and walked away. He did not even glance toward the window. Idaho stepped back, his eyes squinting narrowly. “Do yuh suppose that big fat-head was listenin’ to what he might hear?” , “I don’t think so, Breen. Anyway, what could he hear?” “Nothin’, I reckon. I don’t like him.” “He’s harmless.” “Yeah, I suppose he is. Except when it comes to stealin’ calves.” “Anyway, our conversation was none of his business.” But perhaps Shif’less Hill felt differ- ently al>out it. He untied his horse at the New York Store hitch-rack, mounted and rode toward home. He had not stopped in to the window, merely engaged THE LOOT OF THE LAZY A 13 front of Miles Lane’s office with the inten- tion of listening. In fact, he had heard only the dull mumble of conversation, until l^ane had raised his voice slightly and said: ’•Just forget those cow-hides. What do we care? Rustling is petty larceny beside what we’ll get.” “Beside what we’ll get,” muttered Shif’- less. "Now, jist why did he say that, I wonder ?” Dear Al: You heard about me getting shot? It was over a year ago. Since then I've been a cripple—paralysis. Bullet lodged against my spine, and the doctors are afraid to take it away. I’ve lost my nerve, Al. I'm as old as hell, and they say I'm as bitter as gall Maybe I am. 1 haven't a kindly feeling towards anyone. You don’t knozv hozv it is, Al; to be old, crippled, nothing to look forward to. I can't get around. The damn’ doctor won't tell me the truth. If you want honesty, don't expect it after yoic’re old and crippled. Al, I’m not appealing to the Associa- tion. I don’t want no cow detective hang- ing around me. But I do zvant a man zvho can find out things. I’ll pay well. May- be I’m crazy. I know they are saying I am. But I feel that everything is not right. The old Lazy A is zvorth a lot of m o n e y. I’ve made m y will. B u t something makes in e feel like an old bull, dyin’ out in the open, surround- e d by coyotes and buzzards, waiting. I suppose they hate me. I don’t blame 'em. I’ve hated a lot in my time. See if you can find the right man, Al. The Lazy A can pay well for zvhat it gets. Hope I’ll see you some day. Yours truly, lud Ault. Cultus Collins looked up from reading the letter. A gray-haired man, with kindly blue eyes, was seated at a desk beside him, idly drawing circles on a desk blotter with a pencil. On the walls were detail maps of Arizona, a meat packer’s calendar, a framed picture of a longhorn steer. From the adjoining room came the clicking of a typewriter. 10 "I had a hard time locating you, Collins/’ said the gray-haired man. “1 got that let- ter nearly three weeks ago.” “Yuh say this Lazy A is at Oreana City?” “Yes. Have you ever been there?” Cultus smiled grimly, but shook his head. “No. Do you believe in fate?” “In fate? Why, I don’t know, Collins. Do you ?” “I’m beginnin’ to,” Cultus smiled softly, as he folded up the letter. “That’s a queer sort of a letter, Al. There’s a lot in it; a lot of the soul of a bitter man. Mebbe I better see if I can help him. I dunno what he wants done, do you ?” “No. Perhaps it’s merely hallucina- tions, Cultus. I don’t know much about the place. If you take the job, it’ll be up to you to go there and see what you can find out. I’ll give you a note to Ault; so he’ll know you’re on the job.” “All right.” The secretary of the Cattlemen’s Asso- ciation penciled a note for Cultus, while the lean-faced cowboy grinned softly over the manufacture of a cigarette; grinned to himself, because he still had an hour to catch the same train that Mary Smith was taking to Oreana City. Cultus had had no inkling that the Cattle Association was going to send him to Oreana City. He had told Mary Smith good-by, and had promised to join her as soon as possible to help carry out the de- ception. Neither of them knew what it meant, but there was no question that it was a crooked deal. And now the Association was sending Cultus to the same location. “What seems so funny to you ?” queried the secretary, as he folded the note. Cul- tus grinned widely, but did not reply. They shook hands and Cultus went back to the busy street of an Arizona metropolis. He headed for the depot, where he found Mary Smith. Part of the hundred-dollar bill had been invested in a modest gray suit and a small hat. There were roses in her cheeks now, as she sprang up to greet Cultus. “I’ve got to buy a ticket to Oreana,” he grinned. “Oh, are you going with me?” she asked. "v-ah.” “Oh, I’m so glad, Mr. Collins!” “Well, that’s nice of yuh, Miss Janice Lee,” Cultus sobered quickly. “Don’t forget that’s who yuh are, little woman. Forget Mary Elizabeth Smith. And my name ain't Collins. My name's Jones, and I’m from Oklahoma. All you know about SHORT STORIES 14 me is that yuh met me on the train, and yuh think I'm buyin’ cattle." “jiut—|,ut what is the idea? “Strictly business, Miss Lee. Unless I’m mistaken, there’ll be someone to meet yuh in Oreana City. You don’t know, and I don't know what the game is. But let 'em do the talkin’, and you’ll soon know. I can t be with yuh. But don’t be scared. They won’t hurt yuh; that ain’t what they want yuh for. But I won’t be far away. Play the game, Mary Elizabeth.” “Oli, I’ll do that, Mr. Jones of Okla- homa.” “Buena tnuchachoa" smiled Cultus. “I have a Feelin’ that yo’re goin’ to be a help in my business this time.” “What is your business, anyway?” “Bein’ Jones of Oklahoma—a cattle buyer.” OFF that shirt! Off that shir-r-r- rt!” Pie Ide’s voice almost lifted the shingles off the Lazy A bunk- house. Mex Leone stopped putting on a cerise creation, and stared at Ide, who had been shining his boots with Rising Sun stove-polish, which was smelling to high heaven. “Ain’t this my shirt?” asked Mex softly. “Yore shirt! Sa-a-a-ay, when did you own a shirt like that ? I bought that shirt in Phoenix three years ago, Mex. I’m not dressin’ both of you jiggers. Omaha’s got 011 a pair of my socks, and if that ain’t my red tie he’s— Hey, Omaha, that’s my collar! “Yeah, it is, too! You never had none as high as that. My Gawd, if you ever set down hard, you’d slice off yore ears. Now, look at it! Why don’tcha polish yore boots after yuh dress yore neck? Hell, I can’t wear that collar now! And there ain’t— Wear one of yours, Omaha? That’s right neighborly of yuh, cowboy. I’ve got a fifteen and a half neck, and you’ve got a seventeen.” “I'd rather have a phonygraft, wouldn’t you, Omaha ? asked Mex, searching his war-sack for another shirt. “Yuh can shut off a phonygraft.” . “T don’t pay no attention to the big scor- pion, said Omaha. “He thinks he can claim things by talkin’ louder than any- body else. That was my collar. Provin’ it to him jist ruined it for both of us. And this tie-” t « <Giy.eA Vs the hi,stVy of it»”	Pie Ide. After you ve done lied yore soul into purgatory, I’ll tell yuh where and how I got that tie. Mex! Didn’t I tell yuh to let that shirt alone? Flimsy? Of course it’s flimsy! But yuh didn’t need to rip ir down the bosom thataway, jist showin’ it was flimsy. O-h-h-h-h, why didn’t yore folks veal yuh in yore callow youth?” “Ain’t you goin’ to shave?” asked Omaha mildly. “Not with my razor,” said Mex. “Every time Pie shaves with my razor I have to pay a barber a dollar to hone the nicks out of it.” “Aw, he's beautiful enough,” grinned Omaha. “When tliat girl takes a look at him, she’ll-” "Wonder how I can stand to live with you two misfits,” finished Pie. “Yeah, I’m goin* to shave—with Mex’s razor. I’m goin’ to wear that flimsy shirt and I'm go- in’ to accept one of Omaha’s clean collars, even if I have to punch some new button- holes to ram my collar-button through." “And ruin it for me?” wailed Omaha. “Prob’ly.” “Are you aimin' to make a play for thii heiress?” asked Omaha resignedly. 6__Xfrft—^ “Jist like a road-runner pickin’ a grass- hopper,” said Pie seriously. “Ain't it legitimate? She’s single. There ain’t nothin’ in the constitution of the State that says I ain’t eligible, is there? I’m a clean, whole-souled young feller, and I’ve got am- bitions to be somethin’ in the world." “If you’d ’a’ said you was clean-souled, I’d keep still, 'cause yore soul ain’t visible,” grinned Mex. “You ain’t took a bath since yore bronc bogged down in the Little Muddy last spring. With all the land she’s gettin’ on the old Lazy A, I don’t reckon the lady would want any extra real estate, Pie.” Mex dodged gracefully through the doorway, just ahead of the shoe-brush, which Pie hurled the length of the room. It was a good throw—as far as velocity was concerned—but the angle was bad. and Omaha looked up just in time to get the handle of it across the bridge of his nose. Omaha went backward over a chair, land- ing on the back of his neck near the door, howling bloody murder. Nothing could ever convince Omaha that Pie Ide had not 10 THE LOOT OF THE LAZY A *5 intended to hit him. He came to his feet, swearing a streak, blood running from his injured nose, eyes half blinded. His grasping hands came in contact with his belt and gun on a bunk, and he fired one wild shot, as Pie Ide went under a bunk on his hands and knees. “Gdigytih!” wailed Omaha. He stag- gered to the center of the room, one hand held to his streaming nose, as he tried to locate Pie under the bunk. “What's goin’ on in here?” Idaho Breen had just heard the commotion, and had come from the stable. “What hap- pened to you, Omaha? Put down that gun!” “It was an accident, Idaho!” panted Pie, sticking his nose and eyes out between a drapery of blankets, which hung down over the end of the bunk. “I throwed that brush at Mex, and Omaha walked into it. Take the gun away from him, Idaho.” “I’d wadden’t no dab aggcided,” denied Omaha. “He idtedded to hid be.” “He throwed it at me,” Mex stuck his head around the corner of the doorway. “But you’ve got my consent to kill him, Omaha.” “Some of you damn’ fools are goin’ to kill each other one of these days,” declared Idaho. “Why don'tcha ever grow up?” Omaha tossed the gun to the bunk, and turned to the broken mirror to examine his injury. The nose was swelling, and was tinged with purple across the bridge. Idaho grunted disgustedly and walked out, while Pie crawled from beneath the bunk and advised Omaha to hold his breath and stop the bleeding. “Will thad stob id?” asked Omaha wear- ily- “Sure it will.” Omaha tried it, but with no results. “How log?” he asked heavily. “How log do you hab to hold id ?” “All depends on the person,” said Pie seriously. “Some die a lot harder than others.” But this time Pie had secured Omaha’s gun, and walked outside to join Mex. Idaho was hitching up the buggy team, with the intention of going to Oreana City to meet the train. Idaho had not dressed for the reception of the heiress of the Lazy A, but the three cowboys felt differ- ently about it. All they knew was that Mary Ault, old Jud Ault’s niece, was com- ing to the Lazy A. Idaho had told them that she was a fairly young woman. It was not often that the Lazy A boys dressed up, but when they did they made an event of it. Pie had suggested that they all go to the depot to meet her, but Idaho vetoed that idea. Idaho drove away. It would be several hours before train time. Omaha came from the bunkhouse, looking queer with his purple nose, which resembled a potato, in contour. “All dressed up and no place to go,” complained Pie. “It’s hours before the train comes in.” “And nothin’ to drink on the ranch,” wailed Omaha. “I’d sell my soul for a shot of liquor.” “Got over yore hayfever. eh?” grinned Mex. “Yore nose looks like the handle on a door.” “Thasall right,” growled Omaha. “Ne’ mind my nose.” "It strikes me that somethin’ must be done,” said Pie. “We can’t gloom around here for hours, dressed thisaway. Sup- pose we go to town, keep out of sight of Idaho, and when the train whistles we can head for home.” “Yore voice is tuned for my heart- strings,” said Mex. “How about you, Omaha?” “Pshaw, I’m halfway there right now. C’mon.” And while the three Lazy A cowboys headed for town, four other riders, “Buck” Wing, “Heinie” Moriarity, “Klondike” Evans and Joe Chevrier, of the Star X, foregathered in the Oreana saloon and gambling house, with enough money in their pockets to make the visit worth while. Buck Wing was a long-legged, buck- tooth cowboy, with one eye slightly out of line, and one of his ears, in prize fight parlance, was slightly cauliflowered. Mor- iarity was short, broad of shoulder, typi- cally Celtic, even to his love of battle. Klondike Evans was of medium height, bald-headed, sallow complectioned, which accentuated the wispy black mustache on his long upper lip. Joe Chevrier was a lit- tle, red-faced, French-Canadian, voluble, excitable, the butt of most of the rough jokes originated by Buck and Heinie. The Lazy A and the Star X outfits had never met since the funeral of Jud Ault. Personally there had never been any bad blood between the cowboys, but they had been loyal to their own outfits, respecting the ancient enmity. Idaho Breen saw that the Star X outfit was at the Oreana; so he tied his buggv team in front of the New York Store, and gave the Oreana a wide berth. 1 his was SHORT STORIES 16 as Pie Ide had expected; so the Lazy A trio tied their horses at the rear of the Oreana and made their entrance through the rear door. The four Star X boys were at the bar. Omaha, Pie and Mex stopped al>out mid- way of the room, looking at the Star X Buck Wing grinned widely. He had imbibed plenty of liquor and his soul was mellow toward everylxxly. “ S far as I kin see," he said slowly, “t here ain't no feud left. Hyah, cowboys!” And for the first time since the feud started, the Star X punchers shook hands with those from the Lazy A. After about the sixth drink, Omaha offered this explanation: “This here Miss Ault, which the old man designates in his will-paper as bein’ the one he chooses to own the Lazy A, is due to hit Oreana City this evenin’. Idaho Breen aims to take her out to the ranch. That's the reason we’re all duded up this- away. When that train toots for Oreana City, we fogs for home and lines up at the front door to welcome her." “Perfec’ly proper,” said Klondike owl- ishly. “My, my, I don’t see how you boys ever got so stylish! I take one look at Pie Ide, and I says to myself, ‘Here’s a ’Pis- copal preacher.’ You shee it was that col- lar that fooled me.” “ 'S one of mine,” said Omaha. “Pie punched button-holes in it. Had t’ kinda lap the ends over to fit his neck.” “My Gawd, he shore is a dude!” ap- plauded Buck Wing. “Yo’re all pretty gaudy, if yuh ask me. Still, it’s perfec’ly proper under the circumstances. What- cha say, Joe?” Joe Chevrier hadn’t said anything. Liquor made him just a trifle mournful, it seemed. He looked gloomily upon the three Lazy A punchers. . 7 say not’ing ” he replied. “Me, I'm JUS link w’at somebody say ’bout Star X kill Lazy A beef and t’row hide in de pros- pec hole. ’	* “Drop it!” growled Heinie. “This is no time to stir up a lot of smelly cow-hides you frog-eater!” Frenchy was properly squelched, but continued to glower. He was just drunk enough to hold a grudge, and his remarks brought a decided chill over the festivities. “I’m for buryin’ any hatchet that might be around,” said Pie Ide. “We might as well all be good little friends together.” “Sure thing,” agreed Buck Wing. “I’m willin'. But you know yourself. Pie, that Idaho Breen made some remarks that are hard to overlook.” “You say somet’ng true,” applauded Joe. “And I’m goin’ to squirsh you, if yuh don’t shut up!” snapped Heinie. “And 111 help yuh,” offered Omaha. Heinie glared at Omaha. “The hell yuh will!" “If yuh need help,” amended Omaha quickly. “I’m not scare from de Lazy A, you bet,” declared Joe. “You shore don’t need to be, Joe,” said Klondike warmly. “Well, yuh can’t hold us responsible for what Breen said, can yuh ?” asked Pie Ide. “I’d crave to know if we’re responsible for what our boss says; that's what I’d crave to know.” “You seems to have a cravin’, cowboy,” observed Buck coldly. “Folks that crave hard enough usually gits, yuh know.” “Aw, you don’t need to git yore tonsils all swelled up,” said Pie. “We came here in a peaceful mood. Yo’re four to our three, but nobody ever seen the Lazy A-” : “Let’s arbitrate” interrupted Omaha. “I’ll buy a drink. And we don’t care how many Lazy A cows you’ve rustled. We don’t care if you’ve filled even' pros- pect hole from here to Welcome Creek with Lazy A hides. Wrhatcha drinkin’, gents ?” “Are you admittin’ to yourself that we lias done such a thing?” Heinie Moriarity hitched up his belt, his eyes snapping. “Let's have the drink first,” suggested Klondike. Argiunents were forgotten for the mo- ment, while seven men drank. Joe Chev- rier threw his glass in a cuspidor, smash- ing it into a hundred pieces. “I drink no more wit’ Lazy A,” declared Joe, waving his arms. “I’m insult from w’at Breen say about de cow-hide.” “Why,” said Omaha expansively, “don't some of you Star X gents kill that damn' Frenchman? He’s a menace to friend- ship.” “ ’O’s a menace?” demanded Joe bellig- erently. “Tak’ dat off! By gosh, I no stand for dat!” He ain’t no menace,” said Klondike. “You hadn’t ought to call him that.” THE LOOT OF THE LAZY A "Then why don’t he forget them cow- hides?” wailed Omaha. “He's so honest it hurts him,” explained Buck Wing thickly. “Hurts him to be honest/' nodded Mex. “I sabe what yuh mean.” “You don’t sabe nothin’!” snorted Buck Wing. “All right, all right/’ Pie Ide hitched up his belt. “I can see that you Star X whip- poor-wills are pinin’ for battle. But we iin't in the market for no wars t’day. We *ot to remain sate and sane until our new she-boss arrives. After she’s kinda inaug- urated, we’re receptful to anythin’ you hedge-hawgs nominate. We meets yuh any old place yuh ain’t afraid to go, and we’ll let yuh choose yore weapons. Yo’re tour to three, but after the first two has been choosed, I whip the remainin’ two.” “You kindo hates yourself, don’tcha?” asked Buck Wing. “Yeah; but I’ve got enough to cover you four ant-eaters.” “If you fellers has got any quantity of brawlin’ to do, I wish you’d go some’ers else,” said the bartender mildly. "Who’s brawlin’?” demanded Klondike, "‘This here is jist an argument among men —so keep out of it.” Both sides knew that there was no chance tor peace. Omaha hitched up his’ belt, spat dryly and said, “All right. You Star K’s don’t want no peace, I can see that; io we’ll go away. That cowhide matter ion’t mean nothin’ to' any of us. All I :an say is that if yuh ate all the beef that was inside them hides yo’re shore plenty iat on good meat.” Then the three Lazy A cowboys filed out hrough the front door and headed down.; he street toward the Rawhide saloon, just r well enough organized to ignore the fact •.hat Idaho Breen might meet them. “All six of ’em went, eh?” Joe Chevrier rooked owlishly toward the front door. “There was only three,” said Klondike. “By gosh, dere was six went out!” ex- ploded Joe. “I tell you w’at, I’m sore. *us’ now I c’n whip all six—me!” “You couldn’t whip a canary,” declared uck Wring. “Shut up.” “But dey accuse,” wailed Joe. “They ort to be teached a lesson,” ob- ed Klondike. “They will be,” nodded Buck. “I’ve ot a scheme. That train gets in after ark, and there won’t be nobody there to leet the girl, except Idaho Breen. How’d be—?” Buck scratched his chin houghtfully. “How’d it be to swipe that 10 girl and take her out to the Star X?” “I’ll buy a drink!” exploded Heinie. “You’ve spoke yore piece.” WHEN Idaho Breen came to Oreana City he drove his team to the little depot, where he left it to await the arrival of Mary Ault. He went to the de- pot, where the agent divulged the informa- tion that the train would be about three hours late. “I got a telegram for Jud Ault,” he grin- ned. “Didn’t just know how to deliver it —do you, Breen ?” “That’s funny, ain’t it?” laughed Idaho. “Mebbe I better take it along with me; it might concern the business, yuh know.” “Sure. Here she is. Lookin’ for some- body on the train ?” Idaho pocketed the telegram. “Yeah; the new owner of the Lazy A is due in on this train.” “That so? Oh, I did hear about Jud Ault making out a will.” Idaho nodded and walked out to his team. He opened the telegram. It was from the secretary of the Cattlemen’s As- sociation, and read: Sending you best man for job will iden- tify himself. Al Traynor. Idaho leaned against a buggy wheel and pondered over the telegram. “Sendin’ you best man for job.” he mut- tered. “What job? A telegram to a dead man! And AI Traynor is secretary of the Association. I wonder jist what job they had in mind.” He folded up the telegram and went back up the street. The sheriff was sitting in front of the New York Store, whittling, his eyes scanning the front of the Oreana saloon. Idaho spoke to him, and the sher- iff moved over to give him a seat. “Yore gang and the Star X gang are over there in the Oreana,” offered the sher- iff, pointing with his pocket-knife. “They’ve been in there for about fifteen minutes, and nobody ain’t been throwed out yet.” Idaho scowled “A 11 eh?” heavily. gettin’ drunk, ‘All got drunk,” corrected the sheriff. i8 SHORT STORIES Tust at that moment the three Lazy A l*>ys filed out and headed for the Rawhide. None of them were able to follow a chalk-line. They riled into the Rawhide, and the sheriff breathed easier. “Well, I’m glad that’s over,” he said thankfully. The sun had gone down, and it would soon be dark. They were lighting one of the hanging lamps in the Oreana, when Joe Chevrier and Klondike Evans came from the place. Both of them were unsteady on their feet. It seemed that Klondike was trying to argue Joe out of doing a certain thing of which Joe was bound and deter- mined to do. “My gosh, I'm insult!" roared the little cowpuncher angrily, as they came across the street. ‘'lie tak' it off, Klondike!” “Thasall ri\” mumbled Klondike. “You ain’t got no shense. I tell you for-f’rgit it, da-aw-gone yuh. Whatsa use-?" “Ho, ho!" Joe had seen Idaho and the sheriff. He braced his feet, roaring out his war-whoop, “You sonn-of-a-gonn!” Klondike made an ineffectual grab at Joe, who had dragged out his six-shooter, stag- gering out of Klondike’s reach. Wham! Crash! His bullet smashed through the window just over Idaho’s and the sheriff’s heads. Wham! Wham! Two more bullets prac- tically ruined the rest of the window, while Idaho and the sheriff, running like a team of heavy-bodied fire-horses, headed for the sheriff's office. Wham! Another bullet struck the side of the building, as they fell through the doorway. Heinie Moriarity and *" Buck Wing staggered out of the Oreana, while from the Rawhide, a short block down the street, and almost opposite the sheriff‘s of- fice, came the boys from the Lazy A, seek- ing to find what the shooting was about. Wham! Joe’s fifth bullet struck the dirt just in front of Omaha Woods, who almost fell over backward, when the spray of gravel blew up in his face. And with- out any further argument, Pie Ide drew his six shooter and proceeded to take pot-shots at the Star X gang. A bullet knocked Klondike’s sombrero oit. and when he stooped over to get it, another hunk of lead threw gravel in his lace; so he forgot the hat and went gallop- ing drunkenly toward the doorway of the Jreana, where he caught his toe on the step and fell halfway through the doorway. The shooting l>ecame general, except Joe Uievner, who was the cause of the whole thing, and who was tryinfg to stuff more cartridges into his sixshooter, but with lit- tle success. Buck Wing had run in close to the side of the Oreana, while Heinie sat down in the street, shooting across one bended knee. Bang! A note entirely different from tliat of the six-gun. Joe Chevrier yelj>ed like an injured pup and galloped toward the far corner of the Oreana, grasping at the rear of himself. The enraged sheriff had poked a ten-gauge shotgun through a pane in his office window, and had given the Star X Frenchman something to think about, besides loading his gun. Heinie’s gun was empty; so he crawled on his hands and knees back to the Oreana. The Lazy A outfit had backed to the door of the Rawhide, only to find it barred against them. The saloonkeeper was tak- ing no chances of them using his place as a fort. “Is anybody hurt?" panted Pie Ide, as they leaned against the barred door. “I got tny mustache full of gravel!’* wailed Omaha. “And some of it hit my sore nose." “Didja see what happened to the frog- eater?” chuckled Mex. “The sheriff busted him with a load of duckshot" “I wonder what started it?" grinned Pie, as he reloaded his long Colt 45. “Let’s go across the street and set on the sidewalk. Them snakehunters are tod drunk to hit a house, and it’ll soon lie dark/- “Yuh didn’t see us hittin’ anythin’, didja?" inquired Omaha, pawing at his mustache. “We’re a fine lot of shooters! We never hit anybody." “We fanned ’em out of the street, didn't we?” fleered Mex. “Didja want to kill ’em, Omaha?” “Well, I didn’t want to kiss ’em. Let’s sneak around and get in the back door of the sheriff’s office.” “And git a hidefull of duck-shot, eh?’ Pie Ide shook his head so hard that his hat: fell off. “We’ve got all the war we can handle, without foolin’ with the sheriff and Idaho Breen." The Star X boys were of the same opin- ion, as three of them leaned against the Oreana bar. Klondike was bitter. His fairly new Stetson had a jagged hole in the crown. “Well, what started it, anyway?” de- manded Buck Wing. “Joe Chevrier took a shot at Idaho Breen and the sheriff." “Danged fool! Did we kill any of the Lazy A?" Nobody seemed to know. Joe came THE LOOT OF THE LAZY A 19 ihrough the rear doorway, limping. He !\ad sobered considerably. "Bv gar, I’m get stoong by fortee bee!” exclaimed. “Behin* me I’m feel like centi-peed walk h’all over me.” "Yuh got a load of duck-shot in yore Kick!” snorted Buck Wing disgustedly. It's too damn’ bad he didn’t use a can- lon. What made yuh start shootin’ out here, you danged Canuck? Yuh shore >ut. us in bad,” “Well,” Joe grimaced painfully, “I’m -ee dat Ida-hoo, and I’m so insult about de jow-hide.” “We might go down and apologize to be Lazy A boys,” suggested Heinie Mor- arity. “They’re prob’ly in the Rawhide.” But that suggestion didn’t go well with Buck Wing. Except for the bartender, they had the Oreana all to themselves. What few other patrons had been in there had sneaked out the back door during the shooting, and had given the main street a wide berth. The bartender, while still sticking to the ship, did not feel any too secure. "I don’t apologize to nobody,” declared Buck. “If Joe wants to apologize to Idaho and the sheriff-” “She don’t!” snorted Joe. “I’m ver’ sore jus’ now.” “I'd suggest that we go home,” said Klondike, mourning over his sombrero. “And let the Lazy A think they run us tout?” “Let ’em think what they win. What they don’t know won’t hurt ’em.” The Lazy A bunch, sitting like three buz- zards on the sidewalk, saw the Star X rboys ride away from the Oreana hitch- rack, and chuckled with glee. It was too Mark to see them get their horses at the -rack. Idaho Breen and the disgruntled .sheriff also saw them ride away, and (.'breathed a sigh of relief. “W'e whipped ’em!” declared Mex. “We shore did, by golly!” chuckled Omaha. “Here comes Idaho and the sher- iff. I suppose they’re cornin’ to congratu- late us.” But Idaho Breen was not in a congratu- latory frame of mind. “Why in hell didn't you fellers stay at the raru± and behave yourselves?” he de- manded angrily. “Cornin’ down here and startin’ trouble!” “Who started any trouble?” grunted Pie Ide. “If we hadn’t been here to turn the 1 ide you and the sheriff would ’a’ had to pull another Alamo. They’d shore made yuh hard to catch.” 10 “You fellers started it! Yuh mixed with that Star X outfit in the Oreana, and made trouble.” “Well, what- cha goin’ to do about it?” asked Omaha. “Is this a free country, or are we work- in’ for a Czar?” Idaho debat- ed. Good cow- hands were not plentiful. He knew he was just on the verge of losing all three of them. “Well,” he said slowly, “I suppose it’s all right. But I didn’t want you boys drunk when Miss Ault comes. Dang it, that ain’t the right spirit, boys. She prob’ly ain’t used to seein’ a lot of drunken punchers.” “Who’s drunk?” demanded.Omaha. Idaho shook his head. “Mebbe I was mistaken. I—I was judgin' from the shootin’ that yuh wasn’t cold sober. Why, some of yore bullets hit the sheriff’s of- fice, and it ain’t noways in the line between where you was and the middle of the street.” “Oh, we didn’t want to kill ’em,” said Pie Ide. “All we wanted to do was to scare ’em out of town; so they’d let you and the sheriff out of the office.” “My shotgun settled that,” said the sher- iff, panting heavily. “I handed Joe Chev- rier an ounce and a quarter of number fives, and he’ll itch for a long time.” “There ain’t no fun left, anyway,” said Mex morn fully. “I’d jist as soon go home.” “Same here,” nodded Omaha. “We was jist killin’ time, anyway.” So the Lazy A boys went behind the Oreana, where they mounted their horses and headed for home. Idaho tried to find Miles Lane, but the lawyer was not in evi- dence. The town had recovered its com- posure, after the bloodless battle, and there was much speculation as to what would happen next time the two outfits met It was almost time for the train arrival, when Idaho went to the depot. He went in the waiting room, where the agent told him the train would be in very soon. Then he went out on the platform and walked around the corner of the depot, with the in- tention of changing the position of his half broke buggy team, which might get frightened at the train. But as he swung around the corner, three or four men piled upon him, bearing him down by sheer weight of numbers. An old saddle-blan- ket was flung over his head, and inside of two minutes Idaho Breen was trussed up like a mummy, and dumped unceremoni- ously behind the depot The train ground ponderously up to the station, and when Mary Smith climbed down the steps, assisted by the gray-haired conductor, she was met by l>uck Wing and Klondike Evans of the Star X. Behind her came Cultus Collins, apparently paying no attention to her. “Howdy, Miss,” greeted Buck Wing, a half smile on his face. “Are you Miss Ault ?” “Why, yes,” said Mary, who was pre- pared to be “alias anything she was called.” Klondike grasped her suitcase ,and she walked with Buck, who guided her around to the hitch-rack, where the frightened team was being taken care of by Heinie and Joe. Mary noted a strong smell of liquor about them. It seemed settled that Klondike was to do the driving. He got in and took the lines, while Heinie and Joe clung to the bridles of the rearing broncos. “Head for the ranch,” said Buck. “We’ll catch yuh.” “You’ll go some, if yuh do!” snorted Klondike, surging back on the lines. The team whirled around, almost upsetting the buggy, and went up the main street of Oreana City like a pair of racehorses head- ing for the wire. Mary got little view of Oreana City, as she was entirely occupied in clinging to the seat of the open buggy. The road was far from smooth, and they went bouncing off the street into a wide sweep of low hills, gray and blue in the starlight. Klon- dike clung to the frail lines, content to keep the running team in the road. The light buggy meant nothing to the broncos; running, wild, cold-jawed. A mile or more reeled out behind them. Klon- dike knew of a bad spot in the road, where ® washout had cut a deep furrow across the highway. To go into this at top speed would mean a smashup. He shortened his lines, braced his feet and pulled stead- ily. But the cold-jawed broncs did not mind the pull on the straight-bar bits. Klondike, still half drunk, realized that things were not working out just right. He shot a glance at the girl beside him, who was clinging to the seat with both hands, and surged back on the lines again. He knew the washout was very close now. Snap! The left line broke and came back, striking Klondike in the chest, and STORIES throwing all the pull on the right line. It swerved the team to the right, and a wheel went over a mesquite snag, throwing Klon- dike off the seat. Just beyond here an old road turned to the right; an old road, which had not been used for years. The buggy slewed around, skidded dangerously, and then straightened up, as the frantic team headed up the old road. Mary was thrown off the seat and down against the dash, but managed to get back to the seat. Her mind was in a whirl, as she realized that the driver had l>een thrown off. She wanted to jump, but realized the danger. The buggy was careening over the old road, possibly half a mile from where Klondike had been thrown out, when the team whirled suddenly, throwing Mary off into a patch of brush, and headed back in the general direction of the Star X, cutting across country. The cause of their sudden turn was a lone horseman, who had appeared suddenly just a fewr yards ahead of them. The team was almost into him, when it turned, and Mary narrowly missed being thrown against his horse. The horse whirled wildly, but he reined i t back,, dismounted; swiftly and ran over to the girl. With little difficulty he disentangled her from the bush, which had broken her fall, and placed her on the ground. It was Dude Wheeler, cutting across country to- ward the Star X, his face a mixture of wonder and astonishment as he scratched a match and looked down into the fright- ened eyes of Mary Smith. “Are yuh hurt?” he asked, when he saw her eyes open. She did not say—merely blinked at the match, which burned Dude's fingers before he dropped it. “I—I don’t think I'm hurt—much,” she said, as he scratched another match. She managed to sit up and he braced her with one arm. “I guess I’m—I’m badly shaken,” she admitted. “Yeah, I’ll bet you are. But how did yuh happen to be up here, all alone with a runaway team?” “Why, I don’t know exactly. The driver fell off, you see.” “Yeah, I see— that much,” Dude THE LOOT OF THE LAZY A 21 Wheeler was lighting several matches, so he might get a better look at this girl. “Who was the driver?” he asked. Mary shook her head. "I don’t know. I just came in on the train tonight, you see.” “In on the train,” echoed Dude. He looked closer at her. “Say, are you Miss Ault?” “Why—er—yes,” said Mary, turning her eyes away. The matches burned out, and Dude did not light another. “I see,” he said slowly. He got to his feet and stood there, gazing across the hills. “Yo’re a long ways from the Lazy A,” he said. “I dunno what—I wonder— that was a Lazy A team. You don’t know who the driver was ?” “No, I have no idea who he was. They just put me in the buggy, and the team ran away.” “I see. I’m Jack Wheeler, Miss Ault. Folks call me ‘Dude.’ ” “Oh, what a queer name!” “We own the Star X outfit.” ‘‘Isn’t that nice? I—I think I’ve hurt my ankle, Mr. Wheeler.” “I reckon you got off lucky, if that’s all.” He helped her to her feet, but she was unable to walk. “I dunno,” said Dude slowly. “It’s a long ways to the Lazy A. I hadn’t ought to take yuh to the Star X, but it’s the nearest place. Can yuh stand alone until I get my bronc ?” Mary clung to the brush, while he led his horse up to her. “You can’t straddle no horse in that skirt,” he told her. “No, I suppose not,” admitted Mary. “What will we do?” “And if I set yuh sideways on that sad- dle and got on behind yuh, we’d prob’ly both get throwed off, because that bronc ain’t broke to pack double. I reckon there’s just one thing to do.” He swung her up in his arms, lifted her to the saddle and got up with her, lifting her in his arms as he got into the saddle. “But you can’t carry me in your arms,” she protested. “This is all the evidence in the world against yore idea,” he said, as he rode off through the hills. “If you can stand it, I shore can, Miss. I’ll try and not hurt yore ankle.” Klondike evans had landed just off the road, and just hard enough to daze him for a minute or more. When he recovered sufficiently to realize »o what had happened, the team was far away; too far for him to even hear it. He was walking circles in the road, when Buck Wing, Joe Chevrier and Heinie Mor- iarity came galloping up the road, leading Klondike’s horse. They drew up and con- sidered Klondike, who was still half speechless from hitting the ground so hard. “W7hat in hell happened?” panted Buck. “Where’s the team?” “Gone,” Klondike puffed heavily and flapped his arms helplessly. “Th-throwed me Out! Line busted. I dunno what hap- pened next.” “My Gawd!” blurted Heinie piously. “She’ll be kilt!” “Already killed, I’ll betcha!” exploded Buck. “Git on yore bronc, Klondike! We’ve got to head 'em off.” “Head ’em off?” Klondike lurched to his horse and climbed into the saddle. “Head nothin!! They’re miles away and goin’ strong. I couldn't even check ’em.” But no one was listening to him; they were spurring ahead as fast as their horses could run. “Watch for her along the road!” yelled Buck. Their horses never slackened their run, until they reached the big gate of the Star X, where they found the buggy, almost wrapped around one of the gate-posts. It was the end of the road. Inside the yard were the two horses. One had lost all its harness except the collar and limped badly. The other seemed to be all right. The boys dropped off their horses, cold sober now, and searched all around. But there was no sign of the girl. Sadly they mounted and rode back toward town, going slowly, searching both sides of the road carefully, afraid of finding the girl dead. “They’ll hang us,” wailed Klondike. “I’ll betcha they will.” “You get ’bout feefty shot in de hin’- side, and you not scare from hang,” de- clared Joe, who rode standing up in his stirrups. “She’s sure kill hall de joy for you.” “That was a fool thing to do,” com- plained Buck.	✓ “This is a nice time to think about it," re- torted Klondike. “It sounded good when we was drunk. Anyway, it was yore idea, Buck.” “Originally, Klondike. You was the one that suggested ridin’ a circle and corn- in' back to the depot, yuh remember. Don t lay it all onto me.”	„ “She was a danged pretty girl, too»fJ said Klondike. “I got a good look at her. 22 SHORT STORIES “Sure; and pulled all on one line.” "Aw, let up on him, Buck,'' said Heinie. "Were all to blame. Dude will fire all of us for this, anyway; so we might as well go to town, get drunk and take our medicine. If there ever was four bigger fools, I’d like to see what they look like.” CULTUS COLLINS walked from the depot and engaged a room at the Oreana hotel, after which he went to the Oreana saloon. The sheriff and Miles Lane were at the bar, talking with the bartender, who was explaining the ar- gument between the Lazy A and the Star X. They nodded to Cultus, who sat down at a table and picked up a news- paper. “I wasn’t here to see the fun,” laughed Lane. "Lucky that no one was hurt, ex- cept Joe Chevrier. Those few shot prob- ably won't hurt him much. Do you lenow if Miss Ault came in tonight?” “I think so,” said the sheriff. “Idaho was there to meet her, and I saw his outfit go out of town on the run. Just got a flash of the buggy, and I think the girl was in it. Idaho was drivin’ a half broke team.” “Joe Chevrier said he had been stung by forty bees,” laughed the bartender. “He didn't get much sympathy.” Lane turned to Cultus. “Have a drink with us, stranger?” Cultus dropped the paper and came up to the bar. “My name is Jones,” he said. “Jones of Oklahoma.” “Mine is Lane.” The lawyer introduced Cultus to the rest. “Did you come in on the train tonight?” “Yeah.” nodded Cultus. “Was there a lady got off here?” “Yeah. I think her name was Ault. I talked with her a little.” “A niece of old man Ault, who died a while back.” said the sheriIT. Cultus squinted at his glass. He had a letter of introduction to a dead man, it seemed. "She inherited the Lazy A ranch,” of- fered the sheriff. “She didn’t say anythin’ about it.” said Cultus thoughtfully. "A nice sort of a girl, it seemed to me.” “She'll be rich.” The sheriff backed against the bar. holding his glass. “That Lazy A is worth a nunt of monev.” “Cattle?” asked Cuitus. Gold. The old man could have sold out for a million, but he hated holes in ground. Que old jigger, Aul was.” “Have you ever been I ier« before?” asked Lane curiously. ; Cultus shool his head. "No this in my firs trip. K i n d lookin’ over the cattle crop for a Chicago packer.” “Oh, I see. You-” Lane’s question was interrupted by the entrance of Idaho Breen. He was hat less, a smear of blood across his mouth and a livid scratch across over his righ eye. He spat angrily and lurched again* the bar. “Give me a drink!” he snorted. “Here, gimme that bottle!” Idaho grasped the bottle and took a heavy swig; so heavy that the bartendei gasped. It was probably the biggest drin^ ever taken in the Oreana. Idaho slammed the lxrttle back on the bar, wiped the back of his hand across his lips and tried tfl blink the tears out of his eyes. “That's wliat I'd call a snifter,” observe< the sheriff. “Sa-a-ay!” Idaho pounded on the bat with both bands, as though to give fore to his statement. “A-a-a-ahem-m-m-m! j was assaulted by several men a while ago They hog-tied me in a dirty blanket and left me out back of the depot. The agenf happened to find me. My team's gone— the girl’s gone!” “You was?” exclaimed the sheriff, “Whatcha know—say, I seen yore buggy team go up the street just after the train came in.” “My buggy team?” choked Idaho. "Are yuh sure?” “Yeah. It was goin’ kinda fast, but I'm sure I seen a woman in it, Idaho.” “Yuh did, eh?” Idaho struck the top of the bar with his fist. “It was that damn’ Star X outfit ! They laid for me, and stole the girl! They never left town!” “Who was the girl they stole?” asked Cultus. Idaho glared at him. “Wrho are you?” “This is Jones of Oklahoma,” said the sheriff. “Mr. Jones, this is Mr. Breen, foreman of the Lazy A.” "The girl they stole,” said Idaho, not offering Cultus his hand, “was the new owner of the Lazy A outfit.” 10 THE LOOT OF THE LAZY A 23 “The girl we spoke about,” said the !sheriff. “The one that came in on the rain with you.” "Oh, yeah—that one.” “Was you there?” asked Idaho quickly. Didja see her git off the train? Who net her, eh? What’d they look like?” Cultus grinned widely. “I dunno. It was kinda dark, and I didn’t pay much at- rention.” “It has been over an hour since the rain came in,” said Lane, looking at his watch. “Have you-?” "I have!” rasped Idaho. “With a dirty blanket over my head, and part of it in :ny mouth. I thought I was goin’ to have o	stay all night.” "Just why would the Star X steal that ijirl?” asked Cultus. "Because they hate the Lazy A !” snorted Idaho. “We had a regular battle in the street tonight. Nobody got killed. I sup- pose both sides were too drunk to shoot straight. They’d do anythin’—them dirty zoyotes. I’m goin’ out to the Star X and get that girl.” “Think about it a while,” advised the sheriff. “Them boys won’t eat her. In spite of yore opinion of the Star X, they ain’t cannibals. They was all drunk, Idaho: and their idea of a good joke would je to steal the owner of the Lazy A.” “Dirty cow-thieves!” Idaho was very mad, indeed. “That’s a killin’ statement,” said the sheriff. “Don’t let Dude Wheeler hear yuh say it.” “Bad medicine?” asked Cultus. “Bad enough to resent a statement like that.” “You shouldn’t say things like that, Idaho.” said Lane. “Well, by God, I found fifty-three Lazy -A cow-hides in-” “We know that,” interrupted the sheriff. Idaho reached for the bottle and took ;another drink, as a cowboy came in. He was from one of the small ranches south :>f Oreana. He nodded pleasantly to everyone. "I was wonderin’ if any of the Lazy A gang were in town,” he grinned. “The Star X outfit are down in the Rawhide.” “Down in the Rawhide?” asked Idaho. 'How long have they been down there?” “Well, I dunno. I heard the bartender ell ’em that the Lazy A thought they’d un ’em out of town, and the Star X boys aid they hadn't never left town.” Idaho glared thoughtfully. The taste 10 of the blanket was in his mouth, and he spat disgustedly. “Did the agent see the girl get off the train?” asked Lane. Idaho shook his head. “He said he didn’t.” “I reckon that Jones of Oklahoma is the only one that’s sure she ever came,” ob- served the sheriff. “I saw a girl get off,” corrected Cultus. Miles Lane cleared his throat softly. “If I were in your place, Idaho,1 I’d go home and sleep on it. I don’t think that girl is in any danger of being hurt, and you can t do a thing tonight.” “That’s good advice,” nodded the sheriff. “Tomorrow mornin’, if the girl ain’t showed up, I’ll go with yuh to the Star X.” “Yeah, and I’ll take my whole gang,” flared Idaho. “I’ve got to hire a horse to ride home on.” He stamped out of the saloon, and they heard him going down the rickety sidewalk, heading for the livery stable. Cultus went back to the hotel, puzzling over what had become of Mary. He could have described the two men who met her at the train, but decided not to. He could identify Buck Wing and Klondike Evans any time, and Cultus wanted to know more of things before he told anybody what he knew. DUDE WHEELER saw the wreck of the Lazy A buggy, when he rode through the gate, with Mary in his arms. In the dim starlight he could see the two horses down near a corral; so he decided that the runaway team had cut back to the road which they had followed to the ranch gate. He drew up at the porch of the ranch- house and dismounted, still carrying Mary in his arms. “Your arms must be paralyzed,” she said. “Not exactly,” he laughed, “Yo’re not as light as yuh was when I first picked yuh up. How’s the ankle feelin' ?” “Why, it seems numb, but there is little pain.” “That’s good.” He picked her up and they went in the house. The Star X living-room was a commodi- ous place, rough finished, with a huge fire- place on one side. The floor was strewn with Navajo rugs, and many of the chair- seats and backs were of cow-hide, untan- ned. It was a typical man's abode. At one side of the front door was a gun-rack, 24	SHORT filled with rifles. Loose cartridges, a heavy Colt revolver, coil of spot-cord rope, packages of tobacco and some dog-eared magazines were scattered over the rough table top in the center of the room. On the floor in front of the fireplace was the skin of a grizzly bear, while over the mantle was a huge elk head, with magni- ficent antlers. Mary gazed around the room, after Dude had placed her in their easiest chair. “I'll get some hot water," said Dude. “Mebbe S	o m e liniment will help it out. You take it easy, and I’ll fix yuh up fine." Mary watched the tall, straight- backed cowboy leave the room, and sank back in her chair with a sigh, wondering what would happen next. Her life had been adventurous in- deed since she had met Cultus Collins. She had no idea just what she was to do in Oreana City. Thinking it over calmly was impossible for her. She was an impostor. And whether she could carry out the decep- tion remained to be seen. Someone had entered the room behind her. and she turned to see Eph Wheeler, clad in an old red undershirt, overalls and a pair of mismated woolen socks. The old man’s sparse hair was standing straight up, and his face appeared very thin in the lamplight. He squinted closely at her, glanced toward the kitchen, where Dude was noisily poking wood in the stove, and then came a little closer to her. “Just who might you be?” he asked cu- riously. “I thought I must be dreamin’ when I heard a woman’s voice out here." ^ am Mary Ault,” said Mary bravely. I he old man’s mouth opened, but he did not speak. He rubbed his right hip with u i n#V* elbow, frowned at the lamp, shifted his feet. “Mind sayin’ that again?” he asked. Mary repeated the name. The old man f^de ca,»e in fr°m the kitchen, ather’ and topped short. Trnr wake yuh up, Dad?” he asked. . I He old man did not reply: he was too interested in Mary. "This js Miss Ault,” said Dude. pick her uprat She Said- Where’d ** Dude explained about the runaway and how he had found Mary. He was unable STORIES to tell who had been driving the team, and Mary did not know. ‘‘It's a Lazy A rig/' said Dude. “Blue buggy with red wheels. It's wrapped around one of our gate-posts. The horses are down by the corral. I can’t imagine what a Lazy A rig would be doin’ out here." “My suitcase was in it,” said Mary. Dude walked out, and came back in a few mo- ments, carrying the suitcase, which was none the worse for the runaway. The old man sat down and watched Mary, while she soaked her swollen ankle in hot water. “So Jud Ault was yore uncle, eh?" he remarked. “Know him?" “No," said Mary. She hadn’t the slight- est idea who Jud Ault was. “He was a dirty old pup." Mary flinched. She was evidently no4 related to a saint. “He turned his own daughter out," con- tinued the old man. “But he was a dirty old pup long before that." “Dad, I don’t reckon she cares to know all this," said Dude softly. “Well, she ought to. Anyway, she might as well hear it from me, ’cause she’i goin’ to hear it sooner or later." “That liniment will take a lot of the sore- ness out,” said Dude. “I’ll soak a ban- dage and-” “It seems to me yo’re takin’ a lot of pains with an Ault," said the old man. Dude flushed, but did not reply. “Been packin’ a Winchester for ’em for years; now yo’re wrappin’ up their ankles." Mary laughed, l>ecause she did not real- ize how serious had been the hatred l>e- tween the two ranches. “What is a Winchester?” she asked. ' “A gun," said Dude. His hand trem- bled slightly and he spilled a little of the liniment. “Do all men carry guns out here?" she asked. Dude looked up at her, his eyes serious. “Most of ’em do.” “Tell me about Jud Ault turning his daughter out." “It’s true.” Dude did not look up at her. “She married a gambler. Some say he was also a lawyer, but he didn’t practice law here. Old Jud Ault wouldn’t speak to her again. She lives in Oreana City, with her little boy." “And he didn’t leave her anything when he died ?" “A dollar." And the ranch is worth a million, they ay," growled the old man. ucky.” “I—I didn’t know much about it," fal- ered Mary. "Lane sent for yuh, I reckon. He made >ut Jud Ault’s will.” “Yes,” said Mary, because she didn’t enow what else to say. Dude finished bandaging the ankle and ook the water back to the kitchen. “Are you thinkin’ of stayin’ here to- light?” asked the old man. “Why, I—I don’t know,” said Mary. “I guess you’ll go back to town.” Dude came back and the old man turned co him. “Yuh better harness up the team and take her back to the hotel. Dude.” They looked at each other for several moments. “That might be the best thing to do,” said Dude slowly then. “I’ll hitch up the team.” He went out. softly closing the door be- hind him. Mary curled up on the big chair, her chin in her hand. She did not like the old man, who filled his pipe and smoked noisily. “You’ll sell the Lazy A, won’t yuh?” he asked, not unkindly. Mary shook her head. “I’m sure I don't know, Mr. Wheeler.” “Runnin’ a cow-ranch ain’t no woman’s job," he sucked heavily on his .pipe. “Of course, you might marry a cow-man.” “I hadn't thought of that.” “Y'o’re a queer sort of a girl. That’s about all most girls think about!” “Do you know much about girls?” “Hmph! Well, don’t they?” “Do they?” Eph Wheeler threw his pipe on the ta- ble, with a grunt of disgust. “I’m glad yo're goin’ back to town! I hate an argu- ment.” “And you start them yourself.” “I do not!” The old man drew himself up angrily, his eyes flashing. “I never— say, I dunno what this is all about. I wish Dude would hurry with that team. You make me mad. Aults always made me mad. You remind me of Jud Ault." Mary laughed openly at him, and he s alked from the room, swearing under his breath. He did not put in an appear- ance, when Dude carried her out to the buggy, and Dude did not mention him until they were well on their way to Oreana City. The moon was up now, and the hills were bathed in a silver glow; blue in the depths, and silver, where the moonlight brushed the ridges; a mystic fairyland, 25 where the moon and stars came down close to the world. Mary leaned back in the buggy seat and looked at a world she had never seen before. “Oh, isn’t it beautiful!” she said simply. “Yes’m, it is. I never get tired of these hills at night. The rough edges are all gone. Lotsa nights I just ride into the hills; ride away back on the ridges. It’s like goin’ away from the rest of the world. “I’m sorry dad talked like he did. But he’s old, and he hates the Lazy A. There’s 110 women at the Star X. Pretty soon our four cowpunchers will be driftin’ home from town, loaded to the gills with liquor —and it might not be a nice place for a lady—the Star X ranch. They’re a rough lot. You’ll be better off at the hotel. I put yore suitcase in the back of the buggy.” “It’s a wonder it didn’t get all smashed.” “And you, too.” “Yes, that’s true. I’m sorry to have put you to all this trouble, Mr. Wheeler. I just can’t imagine what would have hap- pened to me, if you hadn't met that run- away.” “Well, it was kinda lucky. About a hundred yards beyond where you was throwed out, there’s a deep washout. I reckon things would ’a’ gone to smash in there. It’s about thirty feet across—and there ain’t no road.” “You mean, a deep rut?” “Yuh might call it a rut, ma’am; it’s about twenty feet deep.” “Oh!” Mary shuddered. “I'm glad I met you.” “Well, so am I,” said Dude softly. “And it wasn’t any trouble; so yuh don't need to thank me.” “But you hate the Ault family, you know.” “I just wonder if I do. It seems like kind of a small thing to do—this hate. It ain’t never got me anythin’. You and Faith are the only Aults 1 know—and I don’t hate either of yuh.” “Faith?” “Yeah; Jud Ault’s daughter.” “The one he turned out of his home “Uh-huh. There’s the lights of Oreana City. I’ll fix yuh up at the hotel. It ain i no great place, but it’s all right. You 11 THE LOOT OF THE LAZY A “Yo’re sure 26 prob’ly go out to the Lazy A tomorrow.” They drove up to the hotel. Ducle car- ried her suitcase in and Mary was able to walk slowly. The proprietor was read- ing by the light of a smoky old oil lamp. He stared over his glasses at Mary. •‘Give Miss Ault yore best room, Char- ley.” said Dude. “She’s only goin' to be here one night.” “Sure, sure! Miss Ault. Huh! Huh! Yes, ma’am! Looks like old Jud, eh? Know her any place. Naw, yuh don’t need to register. We never had but one book, and somebody stole it. I suppose they was collectin’ horse-thieves’ autographs. Ha, ha, ha, ha!” The old man bent double over his stock joke, grabbed the lamp in one hand, the suitcase in the other and led the way down a narrow hall. “I’ll put ye in the president’s sweet,” he chuckled. “It’s the only one that the wash-bowl ain't cracked.” Dude watched them turn into a room, and went outside. There was plenty of noise in the Oreana; so he went over. Klondike, Buck, Heinie and Joe were de- cidedly drunk. They goggled at him owl- ishly, sobering a trifle. It was rather un- usual for Dude to come to town at that time of night. Buck invited him to have a drink, but he declined. A sudden notion struck him, and he took Buck by the arm. “I want to talk to yuh, Buck,” he said. ‘‘Oh, yeah,” Buck held back. “Now lis- sen to me. Dude. You’ve-” “Not in here,” whispered Dude. “Come outside.” “Oh, all right. Shay, now lissen-" Dude drew him outside the saloon and walked him a few steps up the sidewalk, where he braced Buck against the wall. “I know whasha want/’ said Buck know- ingly. "I didn know Klondike was gonna busht the lines. Oh, it’s an nawful thing, ol’-t inter. She mush ’a’ been killed. She-■” “You stole that girl, did yuh, Buck?” Oh yesh. Firs’ we had a fight with the Lazy Af> and the sheriff shot loe in the pants with a sh-shotgun. Oh, ter’ble! Idaho Breen wash in it, too. Oh, cert’nly» we tied him up in an old saddle-blanket and stole the girl. We admit it. Cert’nly, we (Jo. We can’t deny it. ’S too bad, bit its done, Dude. Buck?"° kn°WS ab°Ut !t’ eXCCpt y0U four’ “Thasali.” “Did Idaho recognize yuh?” SHORT STORIES “ ’F he did, he’s a good lil recognizer,” “Then don’t say anythin' about it, Buck. They can’t prove it on yuh; so keep still.*" “You mean that, Dude?” Buck goggled owlishly, pawing at Dude. “Sure I mean it.” “Is—is that girl dead?” “Not hardly, Buck.” “Oh, my; thash good. Mush obliged, Dude. An’ you ain’t goin’ to fire ush ?” Dude laughed softly. “No, Buck; I think not. Mebbe I'll thank yuh instead. Go back and finish up yore job.” Buck weaved back to the bar. where the other three boys awaited a verdict. Buck leaned against the bar, poured out a drink, a vacant sag to his lower lip. “Whasa matter?” gurgled Klondike. “What’d Dude want?” “Sh-h-h-h-h!” Buck sagged hack on his heels. “It’s a shecret. Dude says to keep our mouth shut about it.” “Zasso?” Heinie nodded solemnly. “Does Dude know about it?” “Shertenly does,” rather loftily. “Oh, shertenly he does.” “And he wasn’t awful mad, Buck? Didn’t fire us?” “Nossir. He—he con-con-congratulated ush.” “By gosh, dat’s fine!” exploded Joe. “My min’ is relieve, but I’m still got de li l duck-shot in de skin.” “Dude wasn’t drunk?” queried Klon- dike. “Jus' as shober as—as we are,” declared Buck. “Then it’s all right. Here’s happy days, gents.” IT WAS early the following morning when Idaho Breen and his three cow- boys rode in to Oreana City. Each man carried a rifle in a scabbard, and an ex- tra belt of cartridges. The Lazy A was prepared for war. Cleve Sears, the pudgy sheriff, sighed mournfully when he saw them. He wanted to be fair with both sides, even if Joe Chevrier did try to kill him the evening previous. Idaho briskly stated his intentions of going out to the Star X and demanding the girl and an ex- planation. “And you better come along, Cleve," he said. “It’s yore place to see that we get a square deal.” “No-o-up,” the sheriff shook his head. “In the first place, yuh don’t know they took her. Last night yore outfit staged a battle with the Star X, which wasn't no- ways decisive. If yuh go out there, all THE LOOT OF THE LAZY A 27 heeled for a scrap—you’ll git it, Idaho. And I'm not goin’ to back yore play. And I jist want yuh to know that the law ain’t back yuh. If yuh kill some of the Star X, set to kill somebody. That's ag’in the law. If you go out there and git some of yore men killed, yuh ain’t got no law to back yuh. If yuh kill some of the Star X, all hell can’t save yuh from bein’ tried for murder. Better do quite a lot of thinkin’ about it, Idaho.” It was a long speech for Cleve Sears to make, and it left him gasping for breath. It also left Idaho breathless. “Are you backin’ the Star X?” de- manded Idaho. “You w'ent and used a shotgun 011 Joe Chevrier last night, and now yuh want to back their-” “I’m not backin’ anybody! Chevrier tried to kill one of us; mebbe both. But that was last night. Yo’re goin’ out there to pick a fight. Well, go ahead, but re- member what I told yuh.” “But I want to find the girl,” wailed Idaho. “I’m not lookin’ for a war, Cleve. That girl was stolen, don’tcha see? Why, I’ve got a charge of horse-stealin’ I can put ag’in the man who took my team. There ain’t no law against killin’ a horse- thief.” “Ain’t never been no law ag’in it,” said the sheriff slowly. “At least, when yo’re sure you’ve got the right man.” “Well, I don’t think yo’re playin’ square, Cleve.” Idaho joined his men in front of the Rawhide saloon, where they sat down to debate over their next move. The sheriff went on up to the hotel dining-room, where he usually ate his meals. He was just in the act of making an attack on a platter of ham and eggs, when Mary limped into the room and sat down. Cleve Sears was a bachelor, but not feminine-proof. He stared at Mary, and found it difficult to concentrate on break- fast. She paid no attention to him, but ordered her breakfast from the hotel pro- prietor, who asked her how her “laig” was this morning. “Much better, thank you,” she smiled. “Don't mention it, Miss Ault. Want yer aigs lookin’ up, or blind?” “I don’t think I know what you mean." “Leave ’em as they lay, or turned over, ma’am ?” “Oh, as they lay,” laughed Mary. The man shuffled away to the kitchen. The sheriff's breakfast was unfinished, but he hurried outside and crossed the street to where Idaho and his men were still debat- ing what to do. “If yo’re lookin' for a Miss Ault—she’s eatin’ breakfast in the hotel,” announced the sheriff. Idaho blinked rapidly. “Over there? Huh ! How’d she git there?” “I didn't ask her,” said the sheriff coldly. “I suppose she stayed there last night. Pers’nally, I think you was drunk and didn’t meet the train.” “No such a damn’ thing! I tell yuh— oh, well, I don’t care wrhat you think.” They all filed over to the hotel, and on the way they saw Miles Lane, coming down the street. He was greatly surprised at the news and anxious to see her. The four cowboys stayed in the hotel lobby, while the sheriff, Idaho and Lane went into the dining-room. Miles Lane lost no time in introducing himself, and also introduced Idaho Breen and the sheriff. Mary had finished her breakfast; so Lane asked her to go to his office with him and Idaho. “You’ve got yore credentials, ain’t yuh?” asked Idaho. Mary produced the letter, which Lane glanced through, nodding quickly. He turned to the sheriff. “Cleve, I wish you’d get old Judge Mears and bring him to my office. We don’t ex- actly need him, but I’d like to have him there when we read the will.” The sheriff turned away, and Lane led the way to his office, ignoring the three cowpunchers, who were anxious to meet the girl. Once inside the office, Lane closed the door and motioned Mary to a seat. Idaho lounged against the closed door, looking speculatively at Mary, who tried to appear at ease. “This letter says to keep you away from 10 28 SHORT STORIES liquor," said Lane seriously. “Maybe you understand that.” “Yes,” said Mary softly. “I’ll say that Loring was a good picker, Lane laughed softly. “How much did he tell you about this deal?” “Not very much.’’ Mary glanced at the floor.	, , . . “All right. You’d fool anybody, my dear. I was afraid Loring might send a hard-boiled female.” “Yuh can't tell by the label,” laughed Idaho. “That’s true.” Lane moved closer to Mary and lowered his voice. “I don’t know how much Loring told you, but you don’t need to know very much. What you don’t know won’t hurt you. Just do as we say, and you’ll get your money. Is that plain?” Mary nodded, not trusting her voice. “All right. We’ll read that will, as soon as the men get here, and then you’ll go out to the Lazy A. And remember—you are Mary Ault as long as you are here. You plav square with us, and you’ll get your profit.” “And if she don’t-” Idaho Breen hesitated. "We won’t discuss such a remote possi- bility, Idaho. Now,” Lane became quizzi- cal, "will you please tell us what happened to you last night ?” "I—I hardly know,” faltered Mary. "A man met me at the train, put me in a buggy, and the team ran away. Another man found me, after I was thrown out, and brought me to the hotel. I hurt my ankle, but it is much better this morning.” “Would you know these men if you seen 'em?” asked Idaho. Mary shook her head quickly. "It was quite dark, you see.” "Hear any names?” “No—except the man who brought me in. His name was Wheeler.” “Dude Wheeler, eh?” Idaho laughed harshly. I hat was his name. He was very nice to me.”	J Idaho laughed, but dropped the subject, the sheriff and old Judge Mears, /“strict judge, were coming in. The Lazy A crowded in and listened to Miles Lane read the will of Jud VrUh the excePtion of one dollar, the entire Lazy A property was left to his niece. Mary Ault, his brother’s only child—an orphan.	3 The old judge nodded over the legality of the instrument, and the reading was over. The will had been witnessed by Idaho Breen and Pie Ide. As they came from the office, Cultus Col- lins met them near the door. He nodded pleasantly to everyone. Idaho turned to Pie Ide and asked him to go over to tlie livery stable and secure a rig to take Mary out to the ranch. Cultus moved in close to Idaho. "I'd like to speak to you on a little business matter,” he said. Idaho squinted narrowly at Cultus, as they moved down the street a short ways away from the crowd. Cultus drew out the letter he had brought to Jud Ault, and let Idaho read it. “Now, I don’t know what it’s all about,” confessed Cultus. "It kinda seems to me that I’ve arrived too late; but mebbe you know what the old man wanted done.” Idaho's eyes hardened slightly. "I dunno just what—oh, yeah.” He looked at Cultus, a half smile on his lips. "I reckon I know what it was about. Yuh see, we've been losin’ a lot of cattle. Jist a while ago I found a lot of Lazy A hides in a prospect hole about three miles from our ranch. Somebody has been killin’ our stock, and the old man was worried about it. There’s been bad blood between our outfit and the Star X for years, and that bothered him, too. If you can clean up a 11 this cattle stealin’, vo're a wonder. Do yuh think yuh can ?” Cultus smil- ed widely. “I dunno; I’ll try.” "Fine!” .	Idaho fairly v*	beamed. X	“Yuh better give me a job on the Lazy A,” suggested Cultus. “It would kinda mask my real work, don’t yuh see?” “Well,” Idaho rubbed his chin thought- fully. “Yeah, I can. You ain’t got no horse here, have 3-uh? No? Say, you git yore stuff out here and put it in the buggy, and you can drive Miss Ault out to the ranch. We'll be along with yuh.” “All right. But I ain’t got nothin’ to fake along. Mebbe I better buy a couple of shirts. Anyway, I’ll get along.” eah. Git what yuh need. Ide will be here with the buggy in a few minutes.” ^ Cultus nodded and went to the New York Store, while Idaho went back and 10 THE LOOT OF THE LAZY A ! Irew Miles aside, showing him the tele- ;ram he had, which was sent to Jud Ault. Then he told Miles about the letter of in- roduction Cultus had from the secretary >t the Cattlemen’s Association, and of how le was going to keep Cultus out at the Lazy \, to hunt rustlers. “His name is Jones, isn’t it?” asked Lane. “That’s the name he gave last night. The letter he had didn't mention any names. But Jones or not Jones, he’ll hunt rustlers to his heart’s content; and I’ll have him where I can watch him all the time.” Lane laughed softly. “It’s working out fine.” “Better than that, Miles. How do yuh like our heiress?” “Better than I thought I would. She sure tits the part. Why, you’d almost take her for a decent girl.” “Almost,” grinned Idaho. “Loring knew what we needed. The only thing that worries me is that Loring is in a posi- tion to demand more money. He knows too much.” “Let him try anything like that, and I'll send him to the penitentiary for life,” growled Lane. “Here comes the rig.” They helped Mary into the buggy, while one of the boys got her suitcase from the hotel. She gave Lane the check for the trunk, and Idaho promised to send a wagon after it. Cultus came from the store, carrying a bundle, and Idaho mo- tioned for him to take the lines. Lane hastened to introduce Mary, and Cultus smiled. “I met Miss Ault on the train,” he said. “I didn’t know who she was at that time.”' “We’ll lead the way,” said Idaho. “Head straight out of town and take the road that leads to the left.” Cultus nodded and drove slowly up the street, while the men crossed the street and mounted their horses. “Hang onto yore nerve,” cautioned Cul- tus. “I’m goin’ to stay at the Lazy A and hunt rustlers. I had to show my hand, in order to keep an eye on you, Mary Eliza- beth. This is a game, and we’ll play it to- gether; but don’t let anybody know, be- cause it’s a dangerous pastime. They’re goin’ to ride in close now; so be careful what yuh say to me.” Mary nodded and looked straight ahead, as the cowboys spurred in close to them. “Yore name is Jones, ain’t it?” said Idaho, leaning from his saddle. 10 Cultus nodded quickly. “Bill Jones, to be exact.” “From Oklahoma?" ■i “That’s the place.” “Uh-huh,” Idaho straightened in his sad- dle, and there was a smile on his lips, as he looked straight ahead. Perhaps he didn’t know it, but there was also a smile on the lips of Jones of Oklahoma, too, and he was also looking straight ahead. OLD JUD AULT had load little pride in appearances, and as far as the Lazy A was concerned he was content to let it run down. The old ranch- house was half adobe, two stories; a very livable place, but not much to look at. A wide veranda extended the width of the front, on the ground level, with the old flagged floor still intact. The big living- room was much the same as that of the Star X, which was of decidedly masculine flavor. Old Wang Lung, a wizen-faced old Ce- lestial, presided over the culinary end of the Lazy A. He had been with the Lazy A for many years, and was known as “Hop,” for no reason at all. He had ac- cepted both Mary and Cultus without com- ment. He was jealous of his kitchen, and woe to anyone who intruded. Idaho Breen had told the boys confiden- tially that Bill Jones, of Oklahoma, was an Association detective. Cowboys, as a rule, do not care much for a range detective; and this rangy, homely specimen, with the sol- emn visage, rather amused them. Pie Ide tried to frame up some practi- cal jokes to play on the detective, but dis- carded each one shortly after its inception. “I jist can’t do it,” he confided to Omaha, as they sat on the top pole of the corral together. “I git a swell idea for a joke on him, and then I can’t seem to pull it off. He looks at me with them funny eyes, and I kinda—you know how the hair raises up on the back of a dog when it's scared? That’s the way I kinda crinkle.” “Well, you ain’t scared of him, are yuh?” Omaha smoothed his mustache and stared at Pie Ide. The tall cowboy shook his head. “It ain’t exactly bein’ scared, Omaha. But somethin’ tells me that he knows all about that joke. Even when I think of a new idea, he looks at me just as though he knowed what I was thinkin' about, and that the joke was as old as the hills.” “Aw, he ain’t so smart,” said Omaha “He's been here a week and he ain’t done nothin’—much.” 3<> SHORT “I know. He was over to that pros- pect hole, where Idaho found them cow- hides. 1 asked him what he thought of 'em, and he jist looks at me kinda funny and’ says, *1 think the cows that wore all them hides are dead.’ Omaha snorted. “He did, eh? Gawd, he sure is a detective!” •'Idaho don’t think much of him,” said Pie. “I heard him ask Jones the other day how long he figured the Lazy A was goin’ to pay him a salary, if he didn’t do some detectin’.’’ “What did he say. Pie?” "He said he was doin’ his best. Idaho asks him how he goes about it to find a rust- ler, and he says he usually tries to put himself in the place of the rustler. I dunno what he meant, and I don't think Idaho did, but Idaho says, ‘Well, have yuh done it in this case?’ Jones says he had, but it didn’t seem to work out. Idaho asks him what he intends to do now, and Jones says, ‘Well, mebbe I’ll put myself in the cow’s place, and kinda work it out from that angle.’ ” “I think Jones is a plain damn’ fool,” said Omaha. “I think,” said Pie slowly, “that that is jist what Jones of Oklahoma wants us to ^	think. Omaha, the Association ain’t in the habit 0	f sendin’ fools on a job of this kind.” “Thasso? Huh! 1	never seen a 'cow-detective that had sense enough to pour sand out of a boot.” * Allasame, I’m glad I’m pure,” grinned Pie. He lifted his head and squinted to- ward the main gate. “Here comes Miles Lane. Do yuh know, Omaha, I’m begin- nm to suspect that he's stuck on our new boss. “Dangedp fool!” growled Omaha. Pie laughed softly. “Lotsa fools around here, *	feetP? to me. Even Cleve Sears, our estimable sheriff, ain’t losin’ no chances to come out here.” All of which was very true, much to the teiSterwho met Mi,es ‘a? SES* M £ n aJ'el,ter directed *> Mary’ Ault. Idaho looked closely at it, put it in his pocket, and looked over the rest of the STORIES mail. The front door was closed behind them. "That letter was mailed in Oreana City,” observed Lane. Idaho nodded, and walked to the far end of die veranda, followed by the lawyer. Idaho took out the letter and tore open the flap. It read: My dear Miss Ault: By this time you probably realize that there is little friendship lost between your ranch and mine, but after all there is no reason why zee cannot be friends. Vrou understand that 1 can’t very zvcll come to see you at the Lacy A, and I do want to see you again. Can't you meet me in town? Just drop me a note, and I’ll be waiting there for you. Make it soon. Sincerely .yours, "Dude” Jack Wheeler. Idaho snorted disgustedly and tore the letter into shreds, scattering them in the breeze. “Not going to give it to her, eh?” queried Lane. “Don’t look like it, does it?” “Suits me. How is she?” “All right. Sa-a-ay! Dude Wheeler's got a lot of nerve! I’d like to see him moonin’ around here 1” Lane laughed softly. “You’ve got to ex- pect those things. She’s a pretty girl.” Idaho looked closely at Lane. “You ain’t lettin’ that bother you, are yuh? Her looks don’t mean anythin’ to you, do they ?” Lane flushed slightly. “Not a bit.” “Well," said Idaho softly, “they better not. Miles. I’ll be glad when everythin’ is fixed up, and she’s out of here. By God, I can't git any work out of three fool punchers, who insist on weaxin white col- lars and takin’ baths.” “How about Jones of Oklahoma?” Idaho grinned. “That poor fool. I wonder if the Association was playing a joke on the Lazy A, or if they jist wanted to git rid of Jones. Every day he saddles his horse and goes ridin’ in the hills— alone. But he ain’t found out anythin’." “Where does he ride?” asked Lane. “Oh, I dunno. I don't pay much atten- tion to him.” They sauntered back to the front door and went into the house. Mary was curled up on a couch, reading an old mag- azine, but started to leave the room, when they came in. She had grown to dislike the Oreana attorney. "Don’t go,” said Lane. “You’re always running away, it seems.” TIIE LOOT OF THE LAZY A “She wanted to go to town today,” of- cred Idaho. “But I told her we'd get inythin’ she wants." “Sure we will,” nodded Lane. “Does that mean that I'm a prisoner lere?” asked Mary indignantly. “Have it that way, if yuh want to,” re- jlied Idaho. “This deal is almost settled, ind we're not takin’ any chances on you.” “But what harm would there be in going o	town?” she asked. “You’ll stay here,” declared Idaho. ‘You can go when we tell yuh to go—and :hen we don’t care where yuh go, just so yuh go a long ways from here. You’ll be well paid for the job, and yore only instruc- tions, after yuh leave here, is to forget that yuh ever seen the place. I reckon Loring explained that to yuh.” Mary turned her attention to the maga- zine, glad to drop the subject. Lane and Idaho went outside and finished their con- versation, while Mary stared out of the window. She had virtually been a pris- oner since she arrived at the Lazy A. Hop served her meals to her in the living-room, keeping her away from the dining-room and from any contact with the men. She had had no chance to talk with Cul- tus. Breen had treated her respectfully enough, for which she was grateful, but she did want a few words with Cultus. Idaho Breen took no chances on her, and stayed close to the ranch, while Miles Lane han- dled the legal end of the inheritance. As yet she had been told nothing of what they wanted, except that she was Mary Ault, the new owner of the Lazy A. She had been given the room formerly oc- cupied by Jud Ault, which had been scrupulously cleaned by Hop. As far as physical comforts were concerned, she was all right. The Lazy A had furnished Cultus with a horse and saddle, and Breen had told him to do as he pleased. Cultus realized that Mary was more or less of a prisoner, but there was nothing he could do to relieve the situation. He also knew that Breen was little interested in the stolen cattle, except that he would like to make some trouble for the Star X. That Idaho Breen and Miles Lane in- tended to loot the Lazy A was easy to see. Cultus realized how easy it would be for him to prove that Mary Smith was not Mary Ault, but it would be difficult to prove that there was no Mary Ault. It would only serve to brand Mary Smith as an impostor, and him as her confederate. Cultus surmised that Breen and Lane in- tended to merely use the girl as a tool to get the ranch cheap. The letters proved that the girl who was shot in San Francisco was Janice Lee, or at least she was not Mary Ault. After associating with the three cowpunchers at the Lazy A, Cultus decided that they were not in the plot. It was evident that they believed, as did everyone else, that Mary Ault was genuine. In fact, there was no reason for anyone to think otherwise. On the same day that Lane brought the letter from Dude Wheeler, Cultus rode in at the tumbledown Cross Arrow, and met Badger and Shif'less Hill. The old man was sitting on his little porch, clad in a sleeveless undershirt, faded pair of over- alls, without boots or socks—his bare feet resting on the porch-rail, while he slumped back in a rickety chair, smoking his pipe. He unbent enough to remove his pipe from his mouth and to grunt a welcome. Cultus dismounted, tied his horse, and sat down on the steps. As Cultus rolled a cigarette, Shif’- less came o u t, stooping a little, as he stepped through the doorway. “Howdy.” he said pleasantly. “I didn’t know we had company. Yo’re Jones, ain’t yuh?” “Y e a h, I'm Jones,” Cultus got up and shook hands with Shif'less. “Somebody—I reckon it was the sheriff —said who yuh was. Yo’re with the Lazy A, ain’t yuh ?” “I’m over there,” smiled Cultus. “Damned outfit!” snorted the old man. Shif’less smiled. “Don’t like ’em, eh?” queried Cultus. “No! Why should I like ’em?” “No reason, I suppose," Cultus smiled over his cigarette. “Seems like a good out- fit. What’s wrong with ’em ?” “I reckon it’s all right since Jud Ault died,” said Shif’less, before the old man could speak. “This girl can’t be blamed for what Jud Ault done. Mebbe she’s mighty fine.” “She’s a fine girl,” said Cultus. “How’s things with you folks?” “We can’t kick,” smiled Shif’less. “As long as the other outfits raise pleniy, of calves—we’re doin’ well,” said the old man. “At least that’s what they say about 32 US.” Shif'less tried to stop him, hut the old man shook his head violently. ^ W hat s the difference? They all say »t. Shif’less smiled grimly at Cultus, who smoked slowly, looking at the old man. "It just happens,” said Shif less slowly, "that Mr. Jones is an Association detective, sent here to try and find out who is stealin Lazy A cattle.” The old man jerked slightly, and looked at Cultus, his eyes blazing. Cultus re- marked to himself how much the old man did look like a gray old badger, angry over ’something. "So that’s what yuh are, eh?” he snarled. “Kinda lookin’ over the Cross Arrow, are yuh ? Well, go ahead !” Cultus looked at Shif’less, ignoring the old man. “Who told yuh that ?” he asked. “Miles Lane, the lawyer.” Cultus nodded. He had suspected this. He wondered if all the cattle outfits in the Oreana country didn’t know what he was doing. “Are you a pretty good friend of Lane?’’ he asked. Shif’less hesitated for a moment. “Well, I’ve known him quite a long time, Jones. He didn’t lie about yuh, did he?” Cultus shook his head slowly. “No, he told the truth—as far as he knew it, Hill.” “As far as he knew it?” “Even a lawyer don’t know it all.” “Well, what in hell are yuh doin’ here at my ranch ?” rasped the old man. “Tryin’ to be friendly.” “Tryin’ to be—what?” “Friendly.” “Oh, yeah. And then see what yuh can find out, eh?” “If you don’t steal cattle, you've got nothin’ to fear,” said Cultus slowly. “Well, that’s nice of yuh.” Shif'less studied the tall, homely cow- boy. There was a world of power in that lean body. He sat, humped over on the steps, and his cotton shirt, drawn tight, showed the ripple of his back and shoulder muscles as he moved the slightest. His wide, lean hands, with the long fingers, the broad bony wrists, bespoke vise-like power. I didn t come over here, because of what I ve heard,” said Cultus slowly, “be- cause I hardly ever believe what I hear I m not deny in’ that I was sent here by the Association, but it was because Tud Ault wanted me to come.” “But he’s been dead quite a while Jones.” SHORT STORIES “It took quite a while to locate me, and they didn’t know the old man was dead.” "Now, what in hell did that old crook want of a detective?” demanded Badger Hill. “I don’t know,” confessed Cultus. “He didn’t know either. But he thought things wasn’t just right.” “You bet they wasn't right!” said Shif’- less hotly, "jud Ault turned his daughter out of his house, because she married a man he didn't like. And after the man left her without any support, the old man wouldn’t help her.” “She’s a pretty nice sort of a girl, I hear,” said Cultus. He was looking at Shif’less Hill, as he spoke. He saw the jaw of the big, indolent-Iooking cowboy shut tightly, and his wistful blue eyes stared out across the hills. “Yeah, she’s—nice,” said Shif'less slowly. The old man glanced at Shif’less and at Cultus, and Cultus saw an expres- sion of amusement in the old man’s eyes. “They say her husband is still support- in’ her,” said Cultus. Shif’less nodded, but did not speak. “Has he been here since he left his wife?” “No.” “Yes,” said the old man quickly. “I saw him. Yuh don’t need to argue with me, Shif’less,” said the old man, when Shif’less opened his mouth to speak. He turned to Cultus. “I saw Jack Keene in Oreana City, talkin’ to Miles Lane, one night. Shif’less says I was mistaken, but I know what I see.” “How long ago was this?” “Over a year ago.” “A year ago last June,” said Shif'less. “I think it was about the fifteenth of the month. We’ve argued about it enough, that I remember the date.” Thej* talked for a while about cattle con- ditions, but rustling was not mentioned again. Old Badger Hill shook hands with Cultus when he left, and asked him to visit them again. Cultus had been to the prospect shaft, where Idaho Breen found the Lazy A cow- hides, but there was no clue in a lot of hides. The animals had all been shot, and the hides showed that the cattle had been killed at intervals for several months. He rode back to Oreana City, and found the sheriff talking to Mrs. Keene in front of his office. The sheriff introduced them. Mrs. Keene was carrying several packages, which Cultus offered to take. The little boy accepted Cultus at once, when Cultus 10 THE LOOT OF THE LAZY A untied at him, and the three of them walked lo Mrs. Keene’s home. Mrs. Keene was interested in Mary Ault, nd asked Cultus about her. Cultus con- essed that he could tell little about her. 'ultus carried the packages through the ittle living-room to the kitchen, and on he way back he stopped to glance at a holograph on the center table. “That is little Jackie’s father,” said Mrs. Ceene. Cultus nodded thoughtfully, as he ioked down at the unmistakable features f Loring, the San Francisco lawyer, who ad been killed iu the cafe gun battle; the lan he had knocked into the muddy street. "Jack Keene?” queried Cultus. Faith Keene nodded. “Did you know im?” she asked softly. Cultus shook his head and turned to- ,-ard the door. “I’m mighty glad to have seen yuh, ra'am,” he said, as he held out his hand. “It was kind of you to carry the pack- ges for me,” she replied. He shook hands ravely with the little boj% and went down to the main street, wearing h i s sombrero pulled down over h i s eyes. He was finding out more than he had expected. Jack Keene was the m a n who was sending the woman to pose as the niece of Jud Ault, and it was very evi- dent to Cultus that Keene, or Loring, as ;e was known in San Francisco, was in fie plot to loot the Lazy A. But Keene as dead, and Cultus did not think that jLther Lane or Breen knew of the shoot- t ig. The girl, Janice Lee, was probably ead or in a hospital, and possibly she id not know enough about the details of fcie plot to ever let Lane and Breen know I hat happened. As Cultus sauntered up the crooked reet Miles Lane rode in and took his >rse to the livery stable. Cultus leaned »ainst a post in front of the Oreana sa- on until Lane went to his office, and then ossed the street. Lane greeted him pleasantly and they It down together in the office. Lane told jm that he had just returned from the pzy A. i° 33 “I was just talkin’ to Mrs. Keene,” said Cultus. "A nice girl,” said Lane briskly. “Too bad she lost out on the Lazy A. Possibly Jud Ault was too severe. But he hated Jack Keene, and— Oh, well, it was his business, I suppose. What have you found out in regard to the missing cat- tle?” “Not very much. What do yuh know about the Cross Arrow?’* “Less than nothing—except hearsay. I know the Hill family to speak to them. Thev haven’t a good reputation.” “And the Star X?” “You’ve heard about the feud?” “Sure. They staged a battle in the street here the night I came. Breen talks about ’em killin’ Lazy A stock, and all that, but I can’t quite swallow it, Lane. The Star X is as big as the Lazy A, and they don't need to kill Lazy A cattle.” Lane looked up quickly. “Have you been at the Star X?” “I was out there yesterday and had a talk with the Wheelers.” “And they knew you were from the Lazy A?” “They knew I was from the Associa- tion,” corrected Cultus. Lane smiled crookedly. “That infor- mation won’t help you any, Jones.” “Mebbe not,” smiled Cultus. “Yuh see, I wasn’t the one that told ’em.” “No? Who do you suppose-?” “They say you did, Lane.” “That I told them? Why, that is pre- posterous, Jones!” “And old man Hill-” “Did he say I told him?” “Shif’less did.” “Pshaw!” Lane colored, tried to swal- low, failed. “I don’t know^ why they would say such a thing, Jones.” “Nor you,” said Cultus softly. “Un- less yo’re tryin’ to get me killed off.” “Why, the idea is ridiculous, Jones. I haven't any interest in your affairs, except as they affect the Lazy A. I have been at- torney for Ault for years, and naturally I am interested in anything affecting the Lazy A ranch. Idaho Breen wants you to clean up this rustling. Why, I’d be the last person on earth to seek to injure you, Jones.” “Well, that’s fine of yuh.” drawled Cul- tus. He shook hands with Lane and saun- tered out. Dude Wheeler was just going into the post office, and waved a salute to Cultus, who walked up and met him. ^ “I want to ask yuh somethin’, Jones, 34 SHORT STORIES said Dude, a bashful grin on his face. They moved close to the door of the post- office. “Yuh know I met Miss Vuftthe said Dude. She s ‘Go ahead, night she came in sure a nice girl/' Cultus grinned widely. cowboy."	. , , “I’m glad yuh understand, sighed Dude. “It’s thisaway, Jones. I ain't seen her since that night, and yuh see I can't very well go out there to the Lazy A. I wrote her a letter and posted it here this mornin'. I just found out that Miles Lane took the Lazy A mail out to the ranch to- day. “And Miles Lane,” Dude hesitated. “He’s dressin’ up to go out there. Yuh see, I don’t trust him, and I’m wonder- m “If he delivered the letter, eh?” “Yuh might put it thataway, Jones. I know him pretty well.” “All right,” grinned Cultus. “What can I do for yuh?” “Will yuh hand her a note from me?” “Yeah, I’ll do it I ain’t seen her to speak to for a long time, but if it’s possi- ble, I’ll see that she gets it.” Dude secured some paper and an enve- lope, and when Cultus rode back to the Lazy A he carried the note to Mary. It was almost supper time, and the boys were all at the ranch. Cultus went to the long wash-bench just outside the kitchen door, and began washing, while Hop stood in the kitchen door, dangling a ladle in his hand. “Hop. do you happen to know a China- boy in Frisco, whose name is Wrang Lee?” asked Cultus. _ Old Hop smiled widely. “Yessa—my clousin. He lun chop-suey lestlant” ^ Cultus grinned and nodded his head. “That s the feller, Hop. Wang Lee good friend of mine.” This was not true, because Cultus did not know Wang Lee, and only knew of a popular chopsuey restaurant of that name. Lut old Hop beamed. “Wang Lee velly hch—niy clousin.” •	‘That’s ir,ne' Cultus mopped his face with a towel, as he moved in closer to the Uunaman. “Wong Lee my friend, Hop. sabe?” COUS,n’ must be my frien<4- You “Yessa.” “Good.” Cultus took the envelope from his pocket caught it in a fold of the towel and handed it to Hop. “That note is for Miss Ault, Hop. No- body must see.” The old Celestial accepted the towel. slipped the envelope inside his shirt and turned away without a word. It was evi- dent that Mary received the note, but her reply was to Cultus, which was given to Cultus by old Hop, after they had finished supper. She wrote: Am virtually a prisoner. Tell Mr. Wheeler I will see him as soon as possible. Would like to talk with you, but Breen says I	am to talk with no one. If Hop unll carry notes, it will be of some help to us. They are treating me all right. The note was unsigned. The fact that she was a prisoner was no news to Cultus, and he knew Dude Wheeler was right in suspecting that Miles Lane had not de- livered the letter to Mary. Cultus realized that under the law, it would require nearly a year to probate the will of Jud Ault, ad- vertise for creditors, and to follow out all the legal phases of the instrument, but he also knew, that, while hardly ethical, it would be legal for an heir to sell out his or her interests to anyone who was willing- to take a chance on the legality of the willj in question. And if Breen and Miles Lane intended; doing such a thing, there was nothing he could do to prevent it. Mary, without the advice or assistance of anyone, would be; obliged to sign the name of Mary Ault to’ a bill of sale to the Lazy A. Of courseJ he could notify the authorities of fraud, possibly defeat the purpose of Breen and Lane; but only serve to throw the will courts indefinitely—or until it n proved that no Mary Ault existed. into* bej Cultus decided that there was nothing for him to do, except to wait until some- thing happened that would give him a chance to puzzle out a solution of the case.! In the meantime he decided to keep work- ing on the cattle] stealing end or the case. He had! a talk with Ida-1 ho Breen about the cattle thafl night, but the, Lazy A foreman( did not seem in-’ terested. He tried to lead Breen into a dis- cussion of Jack Keene, husband of Faith Ault, but Idaho side-stepped the subject; so Cultus dropped it and went to bed, af- ter deciding to visit Welcome Creek the next day. 10 THE LOOT OF THE LAZY A 35 EARLIER that afternoon Shif’less Hill had ridden to Oreana City, and gone to the depot. He had sent a fle to a San Francisco gunmaker for some ^pairs, and it was due back. He paid the •cpress charges and took the package out- :de, where he sat down on the edge of the Nation platform and unwrapped the rifle, t had been encased in a light wooden box nd packed tightly with newspapers. Shif’less tried the action, found it fune- on mg perfectly, and began putting the ipers back in the long, narrow box, when is eyes happened to get a flash of a pic- ired face on one of the wrinkled news- apers. Quickly he spread it out, emitting grunt of wonderment. The unmistakable features of Jack eene stared up at him, along with the face £ a pretty girl, beneath whose portrait was le name Janice Lee. But the name be- eath Keene’s picture was J. Loring. Coll- ecting the pen and ink scroll, which joined le two portraits, was an artist’s concep- on of the gun battle between two men, id behind one of them was a girl, dressed 1	a traveling suit. The story told of a gun battle in a San rancisco cafe, in which J. Loring, an at- >rney, and Speed Evans, alleged gangster id dope peddler, had killed each other, anice Lee had been struck twice and had ied twelve hours later, without regaining >nsciousness. It had little to say about .oring, except that he was little known cjtside the tenderloin. Shif’less read it through twice, the rifle -ing across his lap. There was no ques- tion in his mind about this man being Jack teene. He noted the date of the paper, urefully tore out the article and put it in sis pocket. Picking up the rifle and the box, he talked around the depot, threw the box a weed patch and went back to his horse, e rode back up the street to Miles Lane’s (Bice. It was getting late, but he found fane there. “What’s on your mind, Shif’less?” ;ked Lane, when Shif’less placed his rifle the desk and drew out the clipping, e Oreana City attorney took the clip- g and stared at the picture of Jack ene. And as he read the story he rned to sway slightly and his eyes nked painfully. He lifted a hand and wiped the tears om his eyes; not tears of grief or re- jtse, but tears like a man might get whose es had stared into a bright light. For a lg time he did not speak, although Shif’- less knew he had read the article. “What do yuh know about that?" asked Shif’less softly. “My God!" breathed Lane hoarsely. “Jack Keene dead!" ' “Well, he’d prob'ly finish thataway," said Shif’less. Lane looked at Shif’less blankly. “What did you say?" he asked. “I said he’d prob’ly finish thataway.” “Oh—yes,” Lane looked at the clipping again. Shif’less had torn it through, leav- ing the date-line' at the top of the page. Lane looked at this and glanced quickly at a calendar on the wall. "We’ve got to keep Faith from finding it out, Miles,” said Shif’less softly. “We can’t let her know.” “Faith? Oh, yes. Yes, we must keep it quiet, Shif’less. You won’t tell anyone, will you? I can trust you, can’t I?" “Well, I’d be the last to tell her," drawled Shif’less. “Heck! I wouldn't have her find it out—not now." “That’s fine!” Lane* almost pawed for Shif’less’’ hand. “We’ll keep it dark, eh? Don’t let anybody know. If one person finds it out, they’ll all know it." “I won’t tell,” Shif’less shook his head. “Nossir. Say, Miles, Jack must ’a’ been pretty tough, eh? I wonder if that was his girl. Prob’ly was. Faith still thinks he’s all right,” Shif’less looked wistfully out through the window. “Still thinks he’s all right, Miles.” “Yes, yes,” impatiently. “You never can figure a woman, Shif’less.” “Nor anybody else," softly. “Jack Keene took a different name and left his wife-" “I know how you feel, Shif’less. You love Faith Keene. No, don't shake your head. Maybe she thinks a lot of you. I’ll help you.” “I don’t need no help, Miles. I asked her the other day why she didn’t get a di- vorce from Jack, and she said he was still supportin’ her; and that she couldn’t never marry anybody as long as Jack was alive. Now, Jack’s dead—and we can’t tell her. Still, what difference does it make? If she’d marry-" “No, don’t tell her!" Lane grasped him by the ann. “Don’t do it, Shif’less. Any- way, it isn’t for you to do. Don’t you see, she’d think you—you were trying to hurry things ? Don’t you see ?” “Yeah, I see,” Shif’less nodded slowly. “I reckon we better keep it dark for a while. Well, I’m headin’ home. Miles. Hang onto that piece of paper, won’t yuh? 36 SHORT STORIES "Oh, I’ll keep it safe, Shi Hess. Good n,'Shif’less mounted his horse and rode out of town, carrying the rifle in the crook of his right arm, while Miles Lane locked his front door and flopped in his office chair, trying to gather his scattered senses. He studied the clipping again. Janice Lee! That was the name on the note of identification ! It was evident that the girl out at the Lazy A was not Janice Lee. But who was she? Miles Lane’s brain whirled. Did this Association detective, Jones of Oklahoma, have anything to do with it, he wondered. Where did this girl come from, and where did she get the identification papers ? Jack Keene, alias J. Loring, was the man who wrote the note—and he was dead. Lane wondered if this girl at the Lazy A had stolen the papers at the time of the gun battle. And if she did, who was be- hind her masquerade? Lane drew a big bottle from a desk drawer and took a drink. He left the bot- tle uncorked, and every few minutes he would lower the contents perceptibly. He decided to go to the Lazy A ranch and show the clipping to Idaho Breen, but the quart bottle was empty when he got his horse at the livery stable—and Mr. Lane was very drunk. In fact, he was so muddled from drink that he took the wrong road out of Oreana City in the dark, and when he sobered to the extent that he cared to realize anything he found that he was not on any road, had no sense of direction—and nothing to drink. So he just rode on and on, won- dering dully if the moon would ever come up and show him some familiar landscape. After a while he saw the silhouette of an old building, which he recognized as being nililllillli t h c deserted stamp-mill and buildings o f the abandoned Suicide mine. It had not been worked for several years. Jim Scott, the original owner, had sunk every cent he owned houSL* Say' B?d- hU"S hims^f ^ thelhih0 house—thus giving it a new name. Others had tried m vain to make it pay and it was finally abandoned. Lane did not realize that the night was nearly over; so he was not going to tak any chances on getting lost. As long a he had the buildings of the old mine as landmark, he knew it would not be difficuj in daylight to cut across the hills to th Lazy A. He struck one of the old trails and ro^ up closer to the old shaft-house, where h intended to dismount. A cold breeze wa sweeping across the hills, and Miles Lan< not dressed too warmly, needed shelter. Suddenly he saw the dull gleam of . light, shining through a crack in the ol building, and almost at the same install he realized that he had ridden in beside saddled horse. He was still a little daze from the liquor, but instinct told him ths something was not just right. Turning his horse around he rode slow! back clown the trail, turned his horse ini the shelter of a mesquite clump in- a dfl wash, and dismounted. Curiosity prompts him to climb back up the trail again, In this time he circled to the opposite side i the building. He took plenty of time an was particular about making unnccessat noises. He came in against the wall of the buiU ing, and worked his way around to whei a broken board gave him a fairly good vid of the interior. The machinery had a -been moved away, but there still remaine the old framework of the hoist parts of th old tracks, and the huge timbers where th hoisting engine had stood. But Miles Lane was not interested in th details of the old building. An old lai tern hung from a nail in the old hois! frame* and in its faint illumination Laij could see the huge bulk of a man. his sha dow dancing grotesquely on the walls, a he skinned out the carcass of a steer, whid was also suspended from the hoist-frami Another whole beef, all dres 2d, hun near him. Lane could recognize him no* It was Shif’less Hill. He was workin: swiftly, his skinning knife flashing in th yellow light. Lane licked his lips an swallowed heavily. He could see the lan tern light flash on the cartridge-heads in hi belt, and against the wall near him stood Winchester rifle. Lane was unarmed, an he suddenly realized that it might not b healthy for him, in case Shif’less suspecte his presence. As though fascinated h leaned against the building and watched th big cowboy strip off the hide. He did nc realize tliat daylight was creeping over th hills. Shif’less anished skinning the animal and threw the hide down the shaft. Lan THE LOOT OF THE LAZY A 37 led to himself. He had plenty of evi- s to send Shif’less Hill over the road 1	long time—in case he needed to use 2	shoved away from the wall, realizing it was daylight, and crept away in the tion of his horse. He did not want less Hill to find him there. ^ HE three Lazy A cowboys were a snoring trio when Cultus left the bunkhouse and went to the stable, e he saddled his horse. It was still , and Cultus knew that Hop would not breakfast for another hour, at least: 2	decided to postpone his morning meal he reached Welcome Creek, jltus had never been to Welcome •k, but he knew it was not over fifteen s east of the Lazy A, and that by trav- \ past where Idaho Breen had found Lazy A hides in the prospect hole, he d strike the wagon road, which led i Oreana City to the Welcome Creek ts. ultus mounted and rode away from the It. Breen had given him a tall roan ing, which had plenty of speed, and the of the early morning gave it plenty of dtion to go ahead. The going was y good, and Cultus let the roan pick wn speed. ultus had never seen the old Suicide but had heard the boys speak about He rode around the side of a hill and e in view of the old buildings, shortly r daylight. His horse made little noise ae sandy soil, and he was within a hun- 1 yards of the old shaft-house, when jaw Miles Lane sneaking away from de the building. Cultus’ horse was ly masked by the brush; so Cultus -kly dismounted. He recognized Lane icdiately. Leading his horse to the t, he was able to watch the lawyer, who iked down a dry wash, mounted his Re behind a mesquite clump, and rode "tly away, going toward the Lazy A. That's kinda queer,” observed Cultus. :>w, just what was a lawyer doin’ there his time in the mornin' ?” -ultus watched Lane ride across a ridge . disappear, before moving on down to | shaft-house. He dropped his reins I	walked boldly to the sagging old door, re he stepped inside and jerked to a dstill, when he found himself looking the muzzle of a rifle in the hands of ’'less Hill. : was still half dark in the old build- Shifting his eyes from the menacing gun muzzle, Cultus could see the two beeves hanging. Neither of the men spoke for several moments. The'gun muzzle did not waver. “Well, what about it?” asked Shif'less ill a fiat voice. A smile chased across Cultus* lips ^nd he shook his head. “I reckon that’s up to you, Shif'less.” “Yeah? I’m wonderin’ how yuh guessed I'd be here.” “I didn't.” grinned Cultus. “No? Kinda early in the mornin’, ain’t it?” Cultus nodded. “Yeah. I was on ray way to Welcome Creek.” “And jist stopped to look, eh?” “Well, no-o-o. Yuh see. I didn’t have no idea of stoppin’ here until I seen our friend the Oreana City lawyer sneak away from outside there, grab his horse and fog for the Lazy A.” “Miles Lane?” “That’s the feller.” Cultus could see that the big cowboy was puzzled. “What was Miles Lane doin’ here?” he demanded. “Search me; but he was here. Put down the gun, Shif’less.” “I suppose I might as well, Jones. I’m caught with the goods. If Lane is headed for the Lazy A, he’ll prob’ly bring back the whole gang.” Cultus walked past him and looked at the beef. “’Threw the hides in the old shaft?” he asked. “Yeah.” “Intendin’ to pack the meat to Welcome Creek tonight, eh?” The big cowboy leaned against one of the uprights and nodded gloomily. “I dunno how yuh guessed it; but yo’re right." “That wasn’t hard to guess. You killed those animals that wore all them Lazy A hides-” “That Breen found,” finished Shif'less. “Yeah, I did.” “WTelcome Creek was the only possible market, I figured. You couldn't sell^ all that beef. Breen had an idea that the Star X was the ones that was killin’ off his stock; but the Star X don’t need to kill beef.” “I’ve been killin’ oft Lazy A beef for over a year,” said Shif’less slowly. “I couldn’t handle much at a time. It’s quite a job for one man. Dad wouldn’t help me. He said I was a damn’ fool; and I sure was. Now, what are yuh goin' to do about it?” 33 those “How deep is this shaft.''	f “Two hundred feet. There s big slopes, of course.” “All right. How could the Lazy A find hides? Is there any way to get down there?” "Not unless they go down on a rope.” “Which they won't do,” said Cultus. “Where’d they ever find a two hundred foot rope ? Lane thinks you don’t know he saw yuh; so we'll just heave them two beeves down the shaft, which will destroy all the evidence. What little blood is scattered around won't convict anybody. C’mon, let’s get busy.” "What’s yore game?” queried Shif’less. "Helpin’ out a damn’ fool.” The Lazy A was at breakfast, when Miles Lane rode in. Breen left the table and met him at the front door. “What’s the matter with you?” asked Breen. “You look pretty tough. Miles.” The lawyer took hold of Breen’s sleeve and drew him off the porch and around the corner. “Is Jones and the girl still here?” he asked. ^ “The girl is; Jones has gone to Welcome Creek. What’s the matter?” Lane drew out the newspaper clipping and showed it to Breen. "There’s what’s the matter, Idaho. Jack Keene is dead. Look at the date-line on that paper. That girl’s name is Janice Lee, and she’s dead.” Idaho lifted his eyes from the paper, staring blankly at the lawyer. “But what does it mean?” he whispered. "What does it mean ? It means that this girl is not Janice Lee; that she is somebody else! rhis is not the girl Jack Keene sent us. We’ve been double-crossed, Idaho!” “You think-?” “I know! What’s behind it—I don’t know. But this girl came on the same train with Jones, the detective. Idaho, weve got to work fast. They don’t know that I know this; so that helps.” “Does anybody else know it, Miles?” bhifless Hill. He gave me the clip- ping.”	1 “Then we’ve got to stop him from meet- in Jones. 111 bet Jones knows that Keene is dead, and he figures we don’t. If he SHORT STORIES knows that we know- ‘ Jve got the goods on Shif’less Hill! exclaimed Lane, and then he told of see ing Shi Hess butchering cattle in the ol shaft-house of the Suicide mine. "By God, we’ll get him!” snorted Breei "Here's what we’ll do. You beat it fo town and get the papers. I’ll send th boys over to investigate this butcherin and we’ll make this female sign the paper while they’re gone. Jones is headin’ fo Welcome Creek, and when he comes back, we’ll settle with him.” "And turn this girl loose to tell all s kn--ws?” "What you don’t know won’t hurt yd Get yore bronc and go after them papers. Lane got his horse and rode l>ack t< ward Oreana City, while Breen went bac to the dining-room. The cowboys wei rolling their after-breakfast cigarette when Breen called them outside. “You fellers saddle up and go to the ol Suicide mine,” he ordered. "Lane juj brought word that somebody has been dot a job of butcherin’ down there in the ol shaft-house, and we’ve got a hunch tlifl Shif’less Hill is the one who has been do: it. If yuh find Hill around there, yuh be ter watch him.” “All right,” said Pie Ide shortly. “Su posin’ we go and get him, Idaho?” “Yo’re runnin’ that end of it, Pie,'' sal Idaho grimly. "Better be sure—fir: Shif’less will fight. He threw the hit in the old shaft, and the devil hims couldn't get down there to find ’em; we’ve got to take a chance that he kill Lazy A cattle. You’ll find the beef in t shaft-house.” The cowboys hurried after their hors< Not that they disliked Shif’less Hill, b that they desired action- They rode aws with their rifles, and Idaho went back the house, where he found Mary in living-room. “I’m goin’ to talk turkey to you,” he to her. “In an hour or so, Miles Lane w be out here with the papers for you to sigj —and you better sign ’em without any gument; sabe?” “What papers, Mr. Breen?” Mary frightened at Breen’s tone. “The bill of sale to the Lazy A,” growk Breen. "He’ll have it all made out, and al you’ll have to do is to sign ’em. You turt the whole works over to me.” “I give you a bill of sale to the Lazy ranch ?” "Yuh sure do, young lady. As soon that’s done I’ll take you to Oreana City an 10 THE LOOT OF THE LAZY A 39 p yuh back where yuh came from, een walked over to a front window and need out. He was just a little suspi- us of Jones of Oklahoma. Suddenly turned and glared at Mary, who stood ide the center table, looking at him. You and yore detective friend thought i	was damn’ smart, didn’t yuh ?” he said, happen to know that yo’re not the girl 0	was supposed to come here. What do 1	think of that?” He came toward her, rin on his hard face. “Yeah. I know all >ut it. You think yo’re goin’ to get a usand dollars for signin’ them papers. . ha, ha, ha, ha! Yrou poor little fool! i	you think you was foolin’ me? ’Set down! Scared, eh? You need to Do you think I’m goin* to let you beat out of a million dollars? No, I’m not n* to put my hands on yuh. Yore i	end has gone to Welcome Creek, and he n’t be back until later; so yuh don’t need look toward the window. You won’t be e when he comes back, and I'll be here to ilcome him. I don’t like detectives.” •	Mary sat down in a chair beside the ta- , wondering what to do. She was afraid i	Breen. From a window she had seen the cowboys ride away. Hop was in the kitchen, wash- ing dishes, but she knew she could ex- pect no help from Is him. “Where are you going to send me?” she asked helpless- r“Where?’> Breen laughed shortly. men sabe. Understand Spanish? That’s anish for ‘who knows V Ha, ha, ha. ha! <ho knows where we’ll send you. Why, a poor little fool, where can we send you here you can’t talk? And we can’t you talk about this.” If I promise not to-” ‘Promise! What’s a promise of that i? Set still! You act sensible and a those papers, and we'll see about your lises—Mary Ault!” Breen laughed paly. “Mary Ault! And you tried to A me.” Cultus and Shif’less rode away from the mine, heading toward the Cross Arrow, f’less was still a little mystified as to Cultus had helped him destroy the [lence. They had left nothing for the y A to find as evidence, unless they fe willing to search the two hundred foot level of the crumbling old shaft. “I reckon Mr. Lane didn’t lose any time in tellin’ Breen what he saw back there,” observed Cultus. Shif’less nodded gloomily. “Prob’Iy not, Jones. I don't sabe what Lane was doin’ there at that time in the mornin’.” “I don't know. Shif’less, I’ve hear-! that you kinda think a lot of Faith Keene.” Shif’less turned in his saddle. “You heard it, did yuh ?” “That’s nothin’ ag’in yuh, cowboy. Why don’t yuh marry her?” “Plenty of reasons, I reckon. In the first place, I dunno if she’d marry me if she could, and in the second place—she’s still got a husband.” “Well,” smiled Cultus, ‘’yuh can easy find out the first part of it, and in the sec- ond place, jist between me and you, her husband is dead.” Shif’less stared at Cultus. “How do yuh know, Jones?” “I happened to be there when he was killed. I didn’t know it at the time, but L seen his picture later, and it was the face of a feller they called Loring, a cheap lawyer'in Frisco.” Shif’less nodded quickly. “There was two men killed—and a woman. Her name was Janice Lee.” Cultus leaned closer to him. “How do you know that?” It did not take Shif’less long to explain about finding it in the paper. “I took it to Lane,” he said. “Lane was Keene’s friend, and I thought-" “You took it to him last night?” Cultus jerked up his horse. “Yeah.” “Good gosh!” exploded Cultus. “And Lane has gone to meet Idaho Breen. Lis- ten, Shif’less; you go to town. If Breen or Lane show up there with that girl— Mary Ault—stop ’em. No. I can’t tell yuh why. Just stop ’em, and then come out to the Lazy A.” Cultus whirled his horse around, drew his hat down over his eyes, and sent the roan on a stiff gallop back toward the Lazy A. He realized that the newspaper clip- ping would prove to Lane and Breen that Mary Smith was an impostor. It was something unforeseen, and Cultus knew that Breen would stop at nothing now to get control of the Lazy A. A ND about the time that Cultus had /Jk found out about the newspaper clip- X jLping, Miles Lane was riding back to the Lazy A with the papers for Mary to 40 sign He had had them prepared for days. They were snake-tight, and all they needed was the signature of Mary Ault, and his own as notary public. He had made the imprint of his seal before he left the of- ^ Her signature would make Idaho Jim Breen owner of the Lazy A estate, and Idaho Breen would take Miles Lane m as a full partner in the holdings. Even the partnership papers were all prepared. Lane was very thorough in his crooked work. He rode his lathering horse up to the ranch-house and went in. Mary was sit- ting beside the table, her face very white. On a chair against the wall sat Idaho Breen. He hat! been drinking from a bottle, and was just drunk enough to be alert. "Got everythin’ ready?” he asked. Lane nodded and spread the papers on the table. “Get the pen and ink, Idaho.” Mary stared at the typewritten sheets. “Take a good look at ’em, sister,” laughed Breen, as he came with the pen and ink and placed them on the table. Lane dipped the pen in ink and handed it to her, placing his finger on the ruled line. “Put your name right there. Just write Mary Ault.” Mary looked up at them, her hand trem- bling. “But that isn’t my name.” “Nobody knows it better than we do,” laughed Breen. “Write it out, and we’ll take a chance on it. You wasn't supposed to come here, yuh know.” “Suppose I refuse to sign,” Mary shut her lips and looked defiantly at Breen. “You can't make me sign.” “Tryin’ a holdup, eh? No good, my dear. Everybody knows you are the owner of the Lazy A, and if yuh refuse to sign, we’ll fake a signature.” “And I’ll swear it isn’t mine—and prove it.” Breen’s jaw tightened and he leaned closer to Mary. "No, yuh won’t; you won’t prove anythin’. If you’ve got a lick of sense, you’ll sign that paper right now.” Mary took the pen and signed the name of Mary Ault. There was nothing else tor her to do. Breen laughed softly, as Lane handed him the paper, and reached for the bottle. T	easy 0,1 tha1 stuff’” advised Lane. Were not out of the woods yet.” Breen took a big drink and put the bot- J ill°hUri'tif ‘ • te turned to Mary, who still held the pen in her hand. ■‘Git dressed for travelin’,” he ordered. Pack yore suitcase. In ten minutes we’re pulhn out. Poco tiempo!” SHORT STORIES He turned to Lane. “You stay here with her, while I hitch up a team to the buggy.” Mary walked back to her room and packed her clothes. She put a few things in the suitcase, but did not bother to pack the trunk. She had riot worn any of Jan- ice Lee’s clothes, as she had not been out of the house since her arrival. She was glad to leave the Lazy A, but down in her heart was a fear that these two men were not through with her yet. She had been living in sort of a daze ever since that night at the restaurant in San Francisco. And when she had asked Breen where he was going to send her, lie had said, “Quint sabe”—who knows? She carried the suitcase in to the living- room and sat down in an old rocking-chair, Lane was helping himself to Breen's 1 mot- tle, and his hand trembled as he looked at Mary. Breen was hitching up a pair of vicious- looking grays, a half broken team. H was obliged to tie them to the corral fena and drag the buggy around to them. As soon as they were hitched he went to th* house and flung open the front door. “You pull out ahead of us, Miles,” h( growled. “Hit the grit, hombre, because we’ll need an open road.” Lane placed the bottle on the table an< walked out, going straight to his horse which he mounted and rode swiftly away “What about my trunk?” asked Mart Breen turned from watching Lane galloj out of sight. “You don’t need to worry about that.” Mary shivered slightly, as Breen emptiei the bottle down his throat and threw th< bottle viciously aside. He picked up hei suitcase and pointed toward the door. “Start goin’,” he growled. Mary pre ceded him from the house and they wen down to the corral, where the gray tean humped angrily under the feel of the bar ness. Breen threw her suitcase in the back the buggy and motioned her to get in. she sat down and looked at him, he ha1 turned and was staring past the end of tl stable. Then he began running toward if front of the stable, which was near th' main gate. He was within twenty yards of the gat<$ when Cultus came in sight, swinging hi horse toward the gate. Mary saw Breer jerk to a stop, throwing up his right hand which held a six-shooter. She tried to cry out to Cultus, who was partly mask® from Breen by the huge gate-post, but be 10 THE LOOT OF THE LAZY A 4i ore she could inter any sound Cultus urned to come through the gate, and Ireen' fired. Cultus jerked sideways from the shock ^C^tl ^^|*"I igainst the fence and stopped, looking »ack at its rider. Breen ran up to him and quickly turned lim over. Evidently satisfied that Cultus vas out of the game for good, he ran back o	the buggy and untied the horses, which vere still jerking nervously from the sound >f the revolver shot. He climbed in beside Mary, whirled the cam around and went out through the jate at racing speed. The lurch of the mggy almost threw Mary out, and she did lot get a look at Cultus as-they raced past. !;3reen did not try to check the horses. His raw was set tightly, and Mary could see 'hat his lips were white. He did not speak lor look at her. Mary had only been over the road once, >ut she knew it was even more dangerous han the one she had ridden over in the runaway the night she came to Oreana lity. About a mile below the Lazy A the road looped around over some dizzy grades : lbove a deep canyon, and she remembered hat Cultus had remarked that it was a >lace where a driver was only allowed one mistake. She looked at Breen, wondering why he lid not make any attempt to check the run- ling team. He was crouched on the edge «f the seat, his feet drawn well under him, ilis eyes shut to mere slits, as the buggy ■lurched and bounded over the uneven road. They whirled down through a swale, where lie mesquite ripped along the wheels and i«ides, like the sound of tearing silk. A rock sent them skidding wildly, but •ihe buggy did not upset. It threw Mary flo her knees, but Breen, ripping out an 'path, yanked her back in the seat, his elbow •striking her in the mouth, as he recovered iis balance. She threw up both hands to protect her face, and the next instant ireen had flung himself clear of the buggy. Mary whirled around, trying to see him, >ut he was blotted out in a swirl of dust. She jerked around in the seat, and saw just ahead of her the beginning of the grades around the deep canyon. There was nothing she could do now. To at- tempt a jump from the buggy would mean that she would have to choose between fall- ing into the canyon or being smashed against the rocky side of the grade. The two horses were running at top speed, their bellies low to the ground, the lines whipping through the air, the buggy and its one occupant bounding along be- hind them. Mary tried to pray, but she was so dazed, so frightened that she could only hang on. They whirled around the first turn on two wheels, straightened perilously near the outer edge, and headed for the next sharp curve. It was a sharp turn to the right, and on the left hand side was an old washout, filled with brush. But the running team turned too late, and the inside wheels of the buggy smashed against the wall. Came a whirl of dust and gravel, a cataclysm of overturned buggy, flying hoofs, the scream of a horse, and the outfit hurtled over the edge, drop- ping straight down for fifty feet, where it struck the apex of a broken ledge, seemed to hang for a moment, and then went crash- ing and rolling into the bottom of the gorge a hundred feet below. CULTUS had seen Idaho Breen just before the shot was fired, and be- fore the shock of the bullet had knocked him unconscious he knew that Breen had shot him. He was shocked back to consciousness by a deluge of cold water, and opened his eyes to see Hop, the Chinese cook, standing over him, bucket in hand. “You hu’t pletty damn’ bad?'’ queried the Chinaman anxiously. Cultus struggled to a sitting position, clamping his jaws to hold back the exclam- ation of pain which came to his lips. It seemed that a red-hot iron was searing deeply in his left shoulder. He panted for several moments, while cold perspira- tion dripped from his face. But his mind cleared rapidly, and the Chinaman helped him to his feet. He wasn’t just sure why Breen had shot him. He felt for his gun and found it still in the holster. “Why did he shoot me?” asked Cultus hoarsely. The Chinaman shook his head. ‘‘Do’ know. I not see; I hea\” Cultus looked vaguely around, as though trying to see Breen. 4*2 SHORT "He *ro 'way,” said Hop. “He take li 1 missie 'way in buggy. Mebbe go town. Go like hell. Team lun way. \ o sabe. -Team run away ?” “Plitty bad team: not bloke yet. -For gosh sake!” Cultus wiped the back of a hand across his eyes. * Hop, was Miles Lane here today?” ‘Tessa. He lide 'way jus befo you come. Lide damn’ fast." "That’s it," muttered Cultus. A run- away team—and those grades. Oh, Hop, I’ve been a fool/* Cultus went gropingly out to his horse, which did not try to get away from him. He climbed into the saddle, forgetting to pick up his sombrero, and spurred the ani- mal savagely through the gateway and down the road toward Oreana City. His shoulder was bleeding and he was racked with pain, but he shut his teeth against the hurt and weakness and drove the roan at racing speed, feeling down in his heart that nothing could save Mary Smith now. The tall roan slowed down the moment they struck the grade, and Cultus, half blinded by pain and weakness, swayed in the saddle, as he peered over the edge of the grade, knowing that only a mir- acle could pre- vent the running team from disas- f	ter. The first curve showed nothing, except that wheels had torn deeply into the outer edge of the grade. But at the next turn he found the left front wheel of the buggy, which had torn off from the impact against the rocky wall. Here was also plenty of evidence that something had gone off the edge, as the grade was sloughed off. Cultus dismounted and leaned against his horse, trying to overcome the dizziness which caused his knees to sag. He tried to walk around the horse toward the edge of the grade, but he staggered like a n mari and fell to his knees. Keep a-gom\ you quitter !” he muttered » iCri j ^ goin' to let yore own body lay down on yuh ?” He stopped talk- ing to himself and his eyes focused sharply on a spot in the brush on the left side of the road. Then he lurched to his feet, staggered off the road and tore his way into the brush. STORIES where Mary Smith was half lying, ha, sitting in the brush, her eyes open, a smea of blood across her face. When the bugg struck the rocky wall it had thrown her t the uphill side of the grade, and into tli tangle of brush. Cultus went to his knees beside her, try ing to disentangle her from the brusl while she looked at him dazedly. Su moning all of his strength he lifted from the brush and carried her back to road, where he went to his knees again. “Mary Smith,” he said brokenly. “M Smith r \ Her eyes were open and she did not s badly hurt, but she did not know him. “I—I wanted to answer your note,” told him. “But they watched me closely. I wanted to see you again.” She began crying softly, and Cultu pawed clumsily at her hair, trying to sootl her. “Yean, I know/’ he whispered. Shi thought she was talking to Dude Wheeled And Cultus knew. “Where’s Idaho Breen?” he asked Mary stared up at him. The questiof stirred something in her mind. “He jumped,” she said simply. Cultus nodded. “I thought he did.” ] Cultus managed to catch his horse, ij was a difficult job for him to get into t saddle with Mary Smith, but he did i The tall roan went slowly, while Cult reeled in the saddle, his arms locked arou Mary Smith. Cultus forgot that he h been shot. It was a nightmare, he though! Someone was corning down the grade to* ward him, and he laughed foolishly. The man came up to him, shoving h horse in close. Now he was trying to ta Mary Smith away from him. Cultus tried to prevent this. The man was talking to him,, imploring him to let him take the girtj Cultus wanted to draw his gun on the man, but didn't dare let loose of Mary with his right hand. It seemed to Cultus that he had lost his left hand. The man’s voice seemed familiar, and Cultus tried to remember who he was. It suddenly dawned upon him that this man, was Dude Wheeler, and he laughed aloud at the queer kinks of a nightmare. “Let me have her, Jones,” begged Dude. “Man, you’re hurt!” This statement seemed to drive the mists from Cultus’ brain. He could see Dude Wheeler plainly now. feel the surge of Dude’s, sorrel against the roan. "I want her, Jones,” said Dude. “Aw-ri‘,” Cultus nodded drunkenly. 10 THE LOOT OF THE LAZY A 43 ie wants you, I—I reckon.” le released his hold on Mary and let de have her. He reeled in his saddle 1 grasped the horn for support. Got me pullin' leather," he grimaced n fully. 'Who shot yuh, Jones?" ‘Who?” Cultus didn't seem to remera- . “Oh, that was a long time ago." ‘I met Idaho Breen. He’s headin’ to n for help. The team ran away, and he 1 Mary was at the bottom of the can- i.,s Headin’ for town?" Cultus laughed ikly. But who shot you, Jones? You’ve n shot, ain’t yuh?’’ ‘I s’pose I have. I don’t remember, all, I do remember somethin’ about it.” : stared at Dude. “Yuh say Idaho een is headin’ for town? Was that to- 7, Dude?” ‘Not ten minutes ago, Jones.” ‘Well, that’s funny. It seems so long ‘You’ve got to get a doctor, Jones. We'll to town, if yuh think you can ride.” Cultus laughed. “Why not?” He rub- 1 a hand across his eyes. “There’s .ry Smith to think about,” he said slowly. 'Mary Smith?” said Dude. “Not Mary It?” 'Mary Elizabeth Smith. I’m Jones •m Oklahoma. We’re both liars, Dude. >, she ain’t a liar—I lied for both. But j’ve got to lie to clean up a crooked ne. They were lootin’ the Lazy A; alin’ from a dead man and a widder. e got to go to town today.” Dude was staring at him, wondering lat he meant. Mary looked up at Dude, isuzzled expression in her eyes. ‘W'hat was it?” she whispered. Dude ked down at her, his arms tightening [tinctively. ‘It’s all right, Mary,” he said. “Don’t •i worry.”	v [“I’m not worrying,” she said. “I—I w you’d come.” Cultus swayed weakly, spurred his horse t Dude, who swung around, and they ded for Oreana City. Miles Lane lost no time in getting back I Oreana City. He had no idea what ‘ ns Idaho Breen might have, but Lane s just wise enough to absent himself to vn, where he could have a good alibi. : stabled his horse and headed for his of- -, just as the three cowboys from the zy A rode in. He waited for them at 10 the Oreana hitch-rack, and received a scowl from Pie Ide. “You and yore derned evidence!” snorted Pie, as he turned from the rack. “We couldn’t find a thing at the old mine.” “Did you look in the shaft?” “Two hundred feet down?” Pie hooked his thumbs over his belt and glared at the attorney. “Every time I look at you, Lane, I wonder how much real brains it takes to git admitted to the bar. If yo’re capable of bein’ an attorney, any danged one of us punchers is capable of bein’ a supreme court judge.” “You can’t talk to me like that!” Lane fairly bristled. Little Mex Leone shoved Pie Ide aside and faced Lane. “What he jist said goes double for me,” said Mex. “I’m the smallest one of the bunch, and I’m plumb willin’ to hear all the war-talk you can bring up.” Lane turned on his heel and walked away, while the three cowpunchers guf- fawed loudly and went toward the Oreana, their spurs rasping belligerently. Shif’less Hill had ridden into town ahead of the Lazy A b u n c h, and they found him in the Oreana saloon, 1 A reckless spirit prompted Omalia Woods to call Shif’less aside, and he did not mince matters when he told him of the report Miles Lane had brought to Idaho Breen. Shif’less said nothing to affirm or deny Lane’s report. “Breen sent us down there to investi- gate,” said Omaha. “But we didn’t find a thing. I’m jist tellin’ yuh this for yore own benefit, Shif’less; not tryin’ to start anythin’ with yuh.” “Much obliged, Omaha,” drawled Shif’- less. “That’s shore kind of yuh.” Sb if’less moved slowly from the saloon and went across the street to the store, where he bought a bag of peanuts. Then he came out, crunching them between his strong teeth, and went to Miles Lane’s of- fice. The attorney started slightly at sight: of the big cowboy, but relaxed with a forced smile. “You don’t look very well,” said Shif’- less. “Kinda chalky around the gills.” Lane swallowed heavily and shifted his position. “No, I’m all right.” “Physically?” “W'hy, yes, certainly. Wliat did you mean, Shif’less?” 44 SHORT STORIES •‘Morally," Shif'less crunched slowly on some peanuts. ‘'You always pretended to he inv best friend, and so yuh sneaked out to the old Suicide mine and tried to put the dead wood on me.” -Why—uh—no. no! Shi f’less, who told you that? f—I got lost last night. and—-listen, I—I-” Lane stopped to swallow. He didn t like the expression in the eyes of the big uv boy “You've got the loop around yore feet,” said Shif’less. “You sent the Lazy A gang out to get me, Miles Lane.” “But they didn’t find anything. Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha! I knew they wouldn't find— uh—listen, Shif’less; that was-” “You was tryin’ to play a joke on me, eh?” Shi Hess dusted his hands on the knees of his chaps. “You thought it would lie awful funny to me to git hung. You’ve shore got a sense of humor.” Lane was speechless, but his brain was working swiftly. He was in a precari- ous position, and he knew it well. “I runs across Jones, the detective,” said Shitless. “He knowed that Jack Keene was dead ; so I told him about what I found in the paper, and he went whalin’ back to- ward the Lazy A. He’s a queer sort of a jigger. He saw you sneak away from the old mine this mornin’, Miles.” “He knew about Jack Keene?” ‘Shore did. Said he saw Jack git shot.” “My God! Then that girl—” Lane stopped, realizing that he was talking too much. His hand shook, as he reached into a desk drawer, getting to his feet as he did so. to mask the fact that he had taken a gun from the desk. “What about the girl?” asked Shif’less. “None of your business!” rasped Lane, and ho turned end walked to the doorway, his mind in a whirl. He was afraid of Jones of Oklahoma, who had seen Jack Keene killed. He wanted to see Idaho Breen. If Idaho Breen was bringing that girl to Oreana City, he should be here by this time, he thought. What could be keeping him? Had Jones reached the Lazy A before Idaho and the girl, were ready to leave, he wondered? He saw Cleve Sears, the pudgy sheriff, coming up the street. Lane swung away from the office and hurried down to meet the sheriff, while Shif’less sauntered to the office door and saw them meet farther down the street. “Hyah Miles,” puffed the sheriff. “How are yuh t day?” “Don’t look toward my office,” cautioned Lane. “ShifMess Hill is watching us. I saw him butchering cattle at the old Suicide mine early this morning—in the shaft- house. The boys from the Lazy A went there to get him, but he had thrown all the evidence into the shaft. There must be :t way to recover it, Cleve; so you better ar- rest Shif'less and put him in jail. But look out for him. He knows I saw him, and he probably knows I’m telling you about it now.’* The sheriff nodded slowly. “Are yuh sure, Miles?” “Sure? Why, I saw him. He wouldn’t be butchering his own cattle up there in that old building. All we’ve got to do is to 1 get the evidence out of the shaft.” “And it's two hundred feet deep. But? I’ll arrest him, if yuh say so, Miles; and I* you can swear out the warrant later.” “Thai’s all right, Cleve; I’ll do it.” Lane crossed the street, headed for the livery stable, and Shif’less walked swiftly] across to the Oreana saloon. The sheriff] hesitated for several moments. He hate to arrest this big cowboy. He had known] Shif’less for years, and it was like arrest-J ing his brother. Shif’less had disappeared in the saloon, when the sheriff started! across the street. But Shif’less did not stop in the saloonJ He surmised that Lane had told the sheriff;! so he walked straight through the saloon,, went out the rear entrance and cirdi around to the livery stable, where he went inside. The stableman had led out Lane’s sad- dle horse, and was assisting Lane in sa&l dling it. Neither of them heard Shif’lesfl come in and Lane did not see him until he* turned his head and saw the big cowboy leaning against the side of the stall, sijM feet away. Lane’s eyes hardened and his right hand fumbled at his coat pocket. “Yuh hadn’t ought to do that,” warned Shif'less. “Yuh know I seen yuh put a gun in that pocket, and I'm superstitious.’^ Lane dropped his hand and reached fof, the reins. “You ain’t goin’ nowhere,” said Shif'- less quietly, He turned to the mystified stableman. “You can yank the hull off that critter and tie him back to the hay-i' box. Mr. Lane ain’t goin’ ridin'—not yet ”. .	I “What in hell do you mean?” asked Lane angrily. “Since when did you start tell- ing me what to do ?” “Well,” smiled Shif’less, “Mr. Jones told me to kinda keep an eye on you, Lane; and I’m not coin’ to ridp herd on vnh. that's 3 not goin’ to ride herd 011 yuh, that's 10 THE LOOT OF THE LAZY A 45 didn’t yuh? No, yuh don’t need to lie ibout it.” “You poor fool!” panted Lane. “Do •ou think you can keep me from doing vhat I please?” "I dunno, Miles. It might be worth an experiment. Supposin’ you jist make a i Teak.” Lane flapped his arms helplessly. Something seemed to tell him that Shif’- 2ss Hill was dangerous, in spite of his izy grin, and he knew that he could never et a gun from the side pocket of his coat as quickly a s Shif'less could draw from his holster. “A 11 right; put the horse u p,” h e said hoarsely. “I’ll probably b e back for him pretty soon; so you don’t need bother taking the saddle off.” Lane walked out the wide entrance, and lii f’less came behind him. There was no ;;gn of the sheriff, but a man was running own the middle of the street—Idaho -reen! “What’s the matter with him?” gasped liles Lane, as Idaho stumbled across the ciewalk and into the Oreana saloon. There i as no one to answer Lane; so he started Tinning toward the saloon, followed by :‘iif’less, who ran awkwardly in his high- veled boots. Faith Keene and her little boy came wn a cross street and stopped to let the •?o running men pass her. Shif’less stop- fc*d short beside her. " “What is the matter, Shif’less?” she iked anxiously. He shook his head. “I n>n’t know, Faith.” It was the first time had ever called her Faith. “There’s tmethin’ wrong, and it affects the Lazy A >:nch. I don’t sabe it. But I want to tell :.u somethin’, Faith; Jack Keene is dead, ie’s been dead quite a while.” •	She stared at him wonderingly. “Jack *?ene dead, Shif’less?” i“Yeah. I found it out last night. You li ter take the boy over to the store. I 4nno what this all means, but yuh better Si in a safe place. Here comes the Star X •	fit—and the Lazy A boys are already we.” m'aith nodded and hurried the little boy ■oss the street, while Shif’less went I straight to the Oreana saloon, where an ex- cited crowd of men listened to Idaho Breen’s story of how his team had run away, thrown him out, and had gone over the edge of the grade with Mary Ault. “Aw, she couldn’t go over that edge and live,” declared Pie Ide. “So whatsa use of gettin’ the doctor?” “The whole works went over,” panted Idaho. ^ “I ran all the way to town. Couldn’t do anythin’ alone. She didn’t like it out there; so she sold out to me to- day.” He stopped to get his breath. “I didn’t have the money to buy it—not enough to pay it all, because she wanted a big price—but I’ve got it—got a bill of sale. My God, it’s awful! I was bringin’ her down early; so she could get a train back to San Francisco.” “Well, you couldn’t help it,” said some- one. “Gosh, that’s an awful way to pass out. Yuh can see it cornin’.” “Well, let’s get out there!” snorted Pie Ide. Lane had already joined the crowd, and a few moments later Shif’less walked in, followed by Buck Wing, Heinie, Mor- iariuy, Klondike Evans and Joe Chevrier. The sheriff backed against the bar, for- getting all about arresting Shif’less in his fear that the Lazy A and the Star X out- fits might pick up the battle where they had left off the night Mary came to town. The Star X boys halted just inside the place, and the sheriff seemed to think that this was an opportune time to lake their mind off any possible continuation of the feud. “Don’t start anythin’, boys,” he said warningly, speaking to Buck Wing who was in the lead. “This is no time to start trouble. Miss Ault lias jist been killed in a runaway, and we’re goin' out to get her." The sheriff stopped. For several mo- ments no one spoke. Lane stepped in close to the sheriff and touched him on the arm. “Get Shif'less Hill,” he said. Shif'less was only a few feet away, but made no move to get away. The sheriff scowled at Lane, but stepped over to Shif’less, who still made no move. “Shif’less, I’ve got to arrest yuh for butcherin’ Lazy A beef,” he said slowly. “Miles Lane says he seen yuh doin’ it; so there ain’t nothin’ I can do.” “Thasall right, Cleve.” “The rest of you jiggers get yore horses. Somebody get a rig at the stable, and some- body else rustle the doctor,” said the sher- iff. The crowd made a break for the front door, fairly shoving Shif’less and the sher- 46 SHORT STORIES iff outside. Just across the narrow street a small group had gathered around the figure of a woman. Faith Keene was on her knees beside the figure, talking to Dude Wheeler. Coming across the street toward the Ore- ana saloon was the man whom they knew as [ones of Oklahoma. His shirt was plastered with blood from the wound in his left shoulder, and he shambled in his walk, as though his knees were jointless. His face was dirty, bloody, but his jaws were tight and there was hardly a line to show where his Ups were. Breen had been shoved out at the forefront of the crowd, as was Miles Lane.	( "What in thunder happened to you?” gasped the sheriff. Cultus stopped, bracing his feet far apart, his half shut eyes fixed upon Idaho Breen, who had whirled sideways, as though to try to force his way back through the crowd. “Breen, don’t move!” Cultus’ voice croaked like that of a raven. Breen was half turned around, as the men behind him fought to get out of line. “Don’t move. Lane!” It was hardly more than a whisper. “What is it?” panted the sheriff. He had forgotten that he had a prisoner. ‘‘What's wrrong with you, Jones?” “He’s been shot!” said someone. “Plumb loco.” “Blood all over him. Look out for him, boys.” “Don’t move, Breen!” It was a weak warning. “You bushwhacker! You dirty murderer, thief! You tried to steal the Lazy A. Oh, I've got the goods on you. 1 seen Jack Keene killed. I know your game. And you tried to murder that girl to cover your steal—you and Miles Lane!” Idaho Breen was game. His hand flashed back to his holster; came back so swiftly that few saw him make his draw, hut the bloody-faced cowboy, bracing his knees to stay on his feet, only made one move. His right hand, dangling loosely at ins side, (lipped up nnd forward, firing the gun almost as it left the holster. Came the crash of breaking”glass 111 the store-front across the street, when Breen’s bullet missed Cultus by several feet, and Breen pitched forward on his face, flinging his gun almost out to Cultus’ feet. I* or a moment everyone had forgotten Miles Lane. lie darted sideways, running swiftly toward the hitch-rack, taking S chance that no one would shoot at him for fear of killing a horse. He had drawn a gun. The crowd surged toward him, liardly knowing what to do. Cultus was running slowly toward the hitch-rack, cut- ting across in au angle to try and prevent Lane from going norlh. Swiftly Lane untied a wicked-looking gray horse, which bore the Star X brand. The horse whirled madly as Lane caught a foot in the stirrup, and he was forced to drop his gun iij order to make the mount. Again the horse whirled, as Cultus ran toward it, and Lane's right knee was atop the saddle, fighting to ke^p his balance. He managed to get seated, but before he 1 could swing the horse around Cultus had I Jlung one arm around the frightened ani- I mal’s head, swinging sideways with his I whole weight. With a scream of rage and fright the] Star X gray seemed to fairly pin-wheel on 1 one front leg. and crashed down 011 its! right side, flinging Lane under the feet of 1 several rearing, pulling broncos, which 1 w'ere doing their best to break away. Quickly the crow’d rushed in, cut the | horses loose and got Lane, while some of them lifted Cultus out of the dirt and car-i ried him away from the hitch-rack. He sat up and looked around, a half grin on his grimy face. “By God, that’s bull-doggin' ’em!’* snorted Pie Ide, propping Cultus’ head against his knee. “Howr are yuh, Jones?” The sheriff shoved his way to Cultus. “Breen’s dead,” he said. “We’ve sent for the doctor for Lane. Hey! Are yuh lis- tenin’ to me? That Ault girl ain’t dead!{ She’s over there across the street. What’s it all about. Jones? Did Breen shoot yuh?’' Cultus looked up at him. “Is Lane badly hurt?” “He shore is! Kicked and tromped all to pieces.” “Help me up, will yuh?” They helped Cultus to his feet, and Buck Wing and Pie Ide assisted him over toj where Lane was lying. The doctor was just looking him over when they arrived. Lane was conscious, but badly hurt. He scowled at Cultus and groaned under the examination of the doctor. Cultus looked up to see Mary Smith, 1 Faith Keene, Dude Wheeler and Shif’less I Hill. Mary Smith was very pale, weakj but beyond the shock of her fall and a tew minor bruises she was all right. The doc- tor shook his head and got to his feet. “That means I’m all through, eh?” whis- pered Lane. “Tell me the truth, Doc.” “I’m sorry, Lane; you’re right.” THE LOOT OF THE LAZY A 47 “Breen ?" he asked, his eyes fixed on Cul- ! ’IS. "He’s gone,” said the sheriff. Lane ied to smile, but the pain was too much. "Did Jack Keene shoot Jud Ault?” asked ultus. Lane shifted his eyes and looked Faith, who was looking down at him, her eyes wide with amazement and fright. Lane slowly shook his head. “Breen shot him,” he said wearily. “Breen did?” Lane turned his head and looked at Cultus. “You know he d, Jones. He’s gone; so it won't hurt cm any.” Then Cultus knew that Jack Keene had ot Jud Ault, but that Miles Lane was \ying to save a heartache for Faith. “I was sure he did,” replied Cultus. k_.et’s clear it all up this time, Lane. Was ini f’less Hill guilty of what you said?” “I—I—” Lane shook his head. “No, :nu can drop it, Sheriff. Shi Hess is all '?ht. The Lazy A will was a lie. Breen 3	id I made one to suit us and I had Jud mlt sign it. He thought he was signing : te he’d dictated. Idaho Breen and I i ere going to steal the ranch. I can 9/ear to you all that Faith Keene owns the . izy A. There is no Mary Ault. We’d i.ve made it all right, if it hadn’t been for i mes of Oklahoma. Why don’t you light : e lamps ? I don't know why it gets dark early. Idaho, what about—that—girl ? >Dok — out — for — Jones — right — on . -that—line. Idaho, we’re—lost-” 7 The crowd turned away. Cultus was graying in his tracks, when Shif’less Might him. Mary ran to him, grasping rs hands. He tried to smile at her, but it aias only a grimace. He felt a hand on his •■loulder, and turned to see Dude Wheeler. 1 “Good boy, Jones,” whispered Dude. *Aou sure cleaned up the crooks. We’ll ^t you to the doctor.” 1 “I’m all right,” whispered Cultus. “You ;uk out for Mary.” V'l hope to, Jones; all my life.” jCultus looked at Mary. Everything was ip.y, and her face seemed to stand out l»m the fog, as it did the night he met «r in San Francisco. She was smiling •'ough her tears. “I wanted you to know it first,” she said. “I am going to marry Dude Wheeler. Jones of Oklahoma, you have almost killed yourself bringing me happiness.” “I—I think it was worth it, Mary Eliza- beth,” he said, trying to smile. THEY seemed to fade out and he was talking to Shif’less and Faith Keene. “I’ve told her the whole story, Jones,” said Shif’less. “She had to know that for over a year I’ve been stealin’ Lazy A cat- tle, sellin’ ’em to a butcher in Welcome Creek and givin’ her the money; the money Jack Keene was supposed to be sendin’ her. But she won't prosecute me, because she owns the Lazy A now.” “Wre do, Shif’less,” corrected Faith. “Or soon will.” Cultus laughed softly. “I’m glad. I’m sorry for Breen and Lane, but there’s enough happiness to more than balance it. Is that doctor ever goin’ to quit foolin’ around and do somethin’ for my shoulder? I’m sure gettin’ weak in the knees.” “You’re all fixed up,” said Faith. “This is the first time you’ve been rational since the shooting, three days ago. You’ll be as good as new in a few days. You’ll have to be, because you are going to be best mail at a double wedding.” Cultus stared up at the ceiling and around the room. “And both the Star X and the Lazy A gangs are settin’ outside the house, waitin’ for the doctor to tell ’em you’ll get well,” said Shif’less. “Settin’ together?” queried Cultus. “Have been for three days. They're workin’ the place in relays, like me and Faith and Dude and Mary. They’ll be here soon.” “Mary has told us the whole story',” said Faith softly. “Personally, I think she should have married you.” Cultus shook his head slowly, averting his eyes. “No-o-o, it’s better this way. Yuh see,” he turned and smiled bravely, “I’m kind of a nervous disposition, and I’d never be contented with a wife that—that was always ridin’ runaways.” Shif’less laughed heartily, and won- dered why it didn't sound funny to Faith —who understood. But the looting of the Lazy A was over, the feud ended; so Cul- tus smiled and went to sleep, realizing that he would need more strength to be best man at a wedding than he would to be best man at a gun-fight. IDOLS By L. PATRICK GREENE Author of “An Aching Affair,” “Bush Shadows,” etc. THE MAJOR AND JIM TUE HOTTENTOT FINALLY REACHED THE MOUNTAINS OF THE MOON AFTER THE LONG TREK ON WHICH THEY HAVE FOLLOWED THE RED IDOL. AND A STRANGER ADVENTURE THAN THEY HAD YET EN- COUNTERED AWAITED THEM THERE IN THE GREAT CAVERHS OF MYSTERY f g '^HE flames of the campfire died down; only a bed of ashes re- mained and their glow did little more than pick out in red high- lights the features of the soli- tary watcher by the fire, making him look as if he were wearing a grotesque mask; giving him the appearance of a good na- mred gargoyle. lie sat very close to the fire, his naked feet almost in the embers, and draped about his shoulders he wore several thick, woolen blankets. Even so, he shivered, and his teeth chattered together as the cold wind howled through the tops of the stunted trees. It was sub-tropical Africa, but that wind was born among the snow clad peaks of the Mountains of the Moon. To the right and left of the watcher, perilously close to the fire, huddling to- gether for warmth, were the figures of men; men who had been overcome by the coma-like sleep of physical exhaustion, f hey had trekked until they could trek no tart her, and then, dropping to the ground, had not moved again—sleeping where they ell All about them were the loads they had been carrying, loaf]s which had grown lighter with each passing day; loads which had, strangely, seemed heavier with each forward pace. Not one of the packs had been opened, not even the one containing 48 food. Sleep, for once, had been more ar- dently desired than food. With a palpable effort the watcher by] the fire rose to his feet, letting the blanks fall from his shoulders. He stood there for a moment, stretching, yawning widely.] Reflecting the fire glow, his magnifies torso, his overlong, muscular arms, brawny thighs and calves looked as if they] were hewed out of polished bronze. Stooping, he put more logs on the fire; a shower of sparks leaped up, appearing] like a swarm of fire-flies, and were swi up by the wind and emptied into 'the blackness of the night. Dense clouds of smoke poured forth j from the wood; clouds which momentarily brightened, breaking at length into a fierce flame which illumined the ground. With an impatient click, the watchf picked up his blankets and spread them] wide so that their shadow fell athwart the face of a white man who slept on a bed of cut grass some little distance away. He^1 moaned softly in his sleep like an over tired 1 child. Presently the flames died down again, I giving place to fragrant smoke which drove away the few tenacious mosquitoes the cold had not killed. T he watcher looked up at the black man- tle of the sky, noting the location of the 10 IDOLS southern Cross among the myriads of stars vhich painted the heavens with an eerie, hosphorescent glow. “It is time—past time,” he muttered in he clicking' dialect of a Hottentot. “I will 0	and wake the baas.” He took a few' tentative, almost somnam- ulistic steps toward where the white man -as sleeping. Then he stopped, hesitated and returned >	the fire. He picked up a water bag and drank reedily; the rest of its contents he poured ver his head, shivering as the icy stream ickled down his back and his barrel-like best. “Now-I have no desire for sleep,” he lid writh a soft chuckle. “I will keep both atches—the baas is tired. He has had to . trry the burden of the grumblings of these uny fools—” his scornful gesture em- ■riced the sleeping carriers—"set before im. Ai-e! And he did more than that! he shame of it! One he carried on his rack when the fool’s legs could n© longer i ipport him. My baas should have left snat man to die. But, if he had—he would :ot have been my baas !” He sat down again beside the fire, pull- ug his blankets about him, staring fixedly 1	the flames wnth eyes half veiled by : eep-heavy lids. His head dropped lower, rested at last in his up-drawn knees; his mouth sagged nde open, his eyes closed. T ime passed. ,• Jim, the Hottentot, slept. There were furtive rustlings in the bush r eyond the clearing of the camp; faint ri-hispers mingled with the howling of the : ind. There was a metallic clatter, in- Itantly silenced, as of steel dropping upon 7 rock. A tree hyrax screamed nearby. It was <ja ominous note; like the strident wailing f a child in a place where one is sure no j lild could be. It seemed like a blasphem- -	is outcry against the cathedral hush of the shrsh. The Hottentot opened his eyes with a Aart. He grinned self-consciously as he azed all about him; at the forms of the ■keeping men: at the trees beyond the cir- i- of flickering firelight. He listened for rtj-me alien noise, a whisper from the black- *ss of the bush tliat would indicate the :§esence of intruders. ■	Finally, his eyes had seen nothing; his ^normally keen ears had heard nothing, lie *'hed with relief. Save for himself and ■e sleepers, the bush was an empty wil- derness. There was nothing to fear save —save the blood-congealing cold. He wriggled closer to the fire, pulling his blan- kets yet closer about him. There was a noise behind him; first the sharp hissing intake of breath of a man who has plunged his head into cold water, then the soft tread of booted feet. Jim the Hottentot grinned. He could have distinguished that footfall amongst the tread of a thousand marching men. Ihe white man, his baas, had risen and was standing now behind him. ‘Jim—it is past time, long past. You should have called me.” An unseeing listener would have said a native was speaking, so perfectly did the white man pronounce the vernacular. "I have no need of sleep, Baas,” the Hottentot replied. “I will take both watches. The baas must sleep. He has trekked far today and the way was very hard.” The white man laughed softly. “And you—you did not trek! Is that what you would say? You rode on the back of your grandsire, a baboon. For you the way was easy. Yet. I think, but for you your baas would have perished in the quicksands: but for you. he-” “It was nothing,” the Hottentot inter- rupted hastily. “We are men; we do not keep a tally of such things. Even so. the count is in your favor. And, as I have said, what I did today was nothing.” “Truly,” the white man murmured. "To risk one’s life in order that another may live is always a small thing. But I am a, man—not such a man as Jim the Hotten- tot ; there is none like him!—therefore I will keep watch and you will sleep.” He sat down on a pack close to the Hot- tentot who, knowing that further expostu- lations were useless, spread his blankets on the ground, rolled himself up in them and prepared for sleep. “You saw nothing, during your watch, Jim ?” the white man asked. “I saw nothing, I heard nothing, Baas. There is nothing to fear and I—” Then sleep caught him in its overpowering am- bush and his words trailed oft into a rau- cous snore. The white man—he was known through- out South Africa, and points north, east and west, as the Major; known as a man who played all games squarely for the games’ sake and not for the rewards to be won—smiled wistfully. “Poor old Jim,” he mused, drawling the words affectedly. “He’s absolutely played 50 out Never seen him look so l>eastly fag- ged' before, and we’ve been together for five, ten, nearly fifteen years. But no won- der the dear old chap’s tired. On top of a hard trek at an altitude which makes one s bally old heart pump overtime, he takes it upon himself to keep my watch as well as his own. The dear old fool." He nibbed his square, clean shaven chin reflectively; his gray eyes held a half mys- tic, half wondering light in them. "Yes,” he continued slowly, "it’s a brute of a country. Even the carriers and they’re indigent to the soil, in a manner of speaking, are absolutely tuckered out. My word! The things we’ve been through! That beastly quagmire—miles of it; the jungle; the lava rocks; the cold, the heat; mosquitoes, flies and all manner of un- clean, crawling things. The steady up- hill grind. And for what?” He fumbled in his tunic pocket and from it took a small image cut from some iron- hard wood. It was a hideous thing; carved by a master craftsman, it was a startlingly realistic representation of a bes- tial negro. There was something elemen- tal about it; it suggested the dark soul of darker Africa. Glowing red in the fire- light, it looked as if it had been but re- cently dipped in blood. The face was that of a West Coast na- tive; the facial and body scarifications in- dicated its connection with the all power- ful Egbo society. Its sinewy, clutching hands, clasped about its enormous belly, seemed indicative of its creator’s ambition to subject the whole world to the rule of his people. The Major closed his lingers upon it with a gesture of disgust. "And I’ve been following the trail of the bally thing for months," his thoughts ran on. "Simply because a red-haired Johnny of a Yank told me a wild tale concerning it: of a white girl—his sister—and her uncle held prisoners in the Mountains of the Moon by natives who are plotting to end the white rule in Africa. An incredible story! Oh, absolutely! Yet—" he shook his head—"the Yank'was killed because of this grinning image and-" He was overwhelmed by an avalanche n t recollections. 11 is mind’s eye was filled with visions of the perilous adventures which had befallen him since he had fol- lowed the trail of the red idol, the trail which had brought him to this place—the lower slopes of the Mountains of the Moon. Faced with such evidence, lie could not SHORT STORIES ociety doubt the existence of a secret s< which was insinuating its influence in South African kraals. Z ‘'And yet—” his voice once again gave utterance to his thoughts—"as far as 1 a judge, it's not a malevolent influence. Our troubles—mine and Jim's—apart from the natural difficulties of the trail, liave been instigated by men who used the society! for their own benefit. And one can't: I, judge a society by the black sheep among itsjj members. Might as well say—for exam^ pie—that all white men wear—er—mon- ocles because I happen to do so. And wouldn’t if it were not for the fact that monocle makes me look such an innocen chappy. And I suppose I am innocent, i it comes to that. Oh, rather! However, to resume: I fancy my account with the black sheep is settled in full. Actually, the Johnnies at the head of the bloomin’ orde owe me a rising vote of thanks. I sha point that out to them, if I ever meet ihera “But will I ever meet them? I have m doubts, grave doubts. I’m beginning believe it's all a myth, quite. Here we ar on the threshold of their reputed strong hold, and absolutely not a sign to show which way to turn. There's nothing here nothing but a howling wilderness; a barn desolation over which snow-capped moui tains stand guard. I don't believe there*! a human being within sixty miles of But, of course, it may be an invisible sc ciety.” He chuckled softly. "But now what to do? Acknowlec it’s all a dream? That what Red H< told me was simply a figment of his vet vivid imagination, as Jim insists? Or- He rose slowly to his feet and paced' slowly up and down, endeavoring to maw shal his thoughts in some semblance of or* ' der. Even such mild exercise alTect him; his lungs strained at the rarefied air his heart pounded with a force that tlire ened to release it from the confines of hi powerful chest. “We’ll leave it to chance,’’ he mutter# presently as. stooping over, he placed th red idol on the ground beside Jim. “Whei he wakes tin and sees that, his first reactioi 10 IDOLS 5* will be to throw it in the fire—he thinks it is evil witchcraft. And I think he’s right. So, if he does that we will start back to- morrow with the carriers. If, on the other hand, he checks his impulse and brings the idol to me—well, then we'll stay and see the thing through. And, somehow, I'm inclined to think we’ll start back.” He sighed as a man will who turns his jack on a long sought for goal and resumed his restless pacing to and fro. He was dressed in a suit of white duck ind, as he passed in and out of the circle jf light thrown by the fire his appearance was ghost-like or, at least, grotesquely alien :o his environment. Pie halted presently at the edge of the rlearing, silhouetted for a fleeting second igainst the blackness beyond, by a log v which suddenly burst into flame. Then—darkness encompassed him and le vanished. There were stealthy rustlings in the un- iergrowth, the heavy breathing of men struggling under a heavy load. Again silence. A silence intensified by dJie screaming of a hyrax. EEFORE the sun rose, when the bush was a place of gray, wraith-like shadows and the mountains were lihrouded with mist, the carriers awoke as :i at a given signal. Silently they rose, cook up some of the packs and vanished— reading south. But Jim, the Hottentot, slept on. What Meed had he to fear? Was not his baas, lis baas who could do no wrong, keeping s vatch ? His hand moved out instinctively toward h he fire and his fingers brushed against the ed idol, closed on it and gripped it tightly. *	’ 4 ^ HE girl and the man shivered to- gether beside the roaring fire which ^ JL lighted up the deepest recesses of the •	ave. Occasionally a gust of wind blew p through the cave’s opening, fluttering reside the heavy curtain of skins in disdain if man’s feeble attempts to block its pass- 1 It was a cold wind, frost laden, and nocked the heat of the fire. It caused the an and girl to pull their skin coverings ill closer about them. The girl laughed softly. "If we ever get out of this mess, uncle,” le said, “and tell our friends that we ^arly froze to death beside a big fire in juatorial Africa, they’ll never believe us!” Her companion nodded. He was a thin, 10 undersized little man. His gray beard had apparently been clumsily trimmed with blunt tools. But despite that and the greasy skins which were his only clothing, he looked like a man of affairs in the civil- ized world. His head was well-shaped; the big dome of his forehead suggested that he housed a brain stocked with scientific lore; and the eyeglasses he wore—even if they were cracked and in place of the black silk ribbon which in other days se- cured them, had a piece of knotted string —gave him the precise, intellectual appear- ance of a college professor. “If we ever get out of this mess, Alice,” he said slowly, “we will have far more as- tonishing tales to tell die world than one of being frozen. That is not astonishing when one considers the altitude of our—er —prison. But—” he sighed—“I'm afraid our chances of rescue are hopeless and this plan of yours, sheer folly. I should never have brought you on this trip-” “Ssh, dear!” She placed her firm, shapely hand over his mouth. “You've said that a hundred and one times, and I’ve interrupted you a hundred and one times, just as I'm doing now. You’ve nothing to blame yourself for, and if I died tomorrow—I've had an awful lot of fun. Even this experience has been worth while. We haven't been treated so badly, you know. Plenty of food, plenty to drink, exercise—somewhat restricted, I’ll admit— and clothes! Latest fashions from the Mountains of the Moon! What more can a girl want!” She laughed and rubbed her hands up and down the leopard and monkey skins which—with a -woman’s knack of such things—she had transformed into a bar- baric costume. John Harding, Ph. D., looked proudly at his niece. “White blood can’t be beaten,” he mur- mured. “Of course not,” the girl echoed swiftly. “ ’Specially not when it is opposed to black. And Mondara’s blood is of the blackest. In spite of his college degrees and his show of civilization’s culture, lie’s a savage at heart and is superstitiously afraid of the mysterious men at the head of this move- ment. And so, I say, my plan will suc- ceed.” Harding moved restlessly. “I don’t altogether approve, Alice. If we fail—we'll only hasten the end. W hy not wait; maybe Red managed to win through and is heading a relief expedition. Perhaps this white man, Mondara talks 3*2 SHORT STORIES about, is the advance guard of the expedi- tlL>The girl shook her head decisively. “No." Red was killed—poor old Red— at Lourenco Marquez. Yes; I believe Mondara about that. He’s a liar, I know, but the vindictive gleam in his eyes when he told us about it was too real to be feigned. No; we've got to make a dash for it this morning. It will be easy if Mondara’s afraid of his skin as I think he is. We’ll make for the camp of this white man and then—” she shrugged her shoulders—“if they come after us-“ “And of course they will," Harding in- terposed. “We’ll die as whites should,” the girl concluded calmly. She rose, and wrapping her skins closely about her. went to the opening of the cave, holding back the skin curtain. Two natives, armed with long-bladed spears, stood on guard. They were al- most naked, yet seemed indifferent to the bitter cold. She answered their scowling looks with a smile and stammered a few words in the vernacular. They made no response save to chuckle softly at her ludicrous pronun- ciation. She drew herself crect, and braced her- self to meet the furious, spasmodic gusts of wind. She looked up at the fading stars; the blackness of night was fast giv- ing way to the. somber gray of early morn- ing. But she could see very little, would have seen less had she not known what to look for, and where. She knew that the cave was one of the many man-made holes in the walls of a crater-like depression—an extinct volcano, her uncle said. She knew that less than two feet from where the guards were standing the wall dropped a sheer two hundred feet to the bed of the crater, and that crater was a fertile oasis amidst a chaos of barren, snow-crowned heights. Lightened by the mystical glow of false dawn, she could see far below, the roofs of numberless huts. The light faded rested for a moment on a huge, grotesque idol just to the left of the cave, then van- ished. Clouds of white mist rolled down from the heights above. The girl shivered, but a light of deter mi nation shone in her eyes as she returnee to the fire. The man looked up inquiringly. “Is it time, Alice?” “Soon, uncle. The false dawn has gone. I—” she laughed nervously—“I can hardly contain myself.” “You think we’d better go through wit it, Alice? It’s a gambler’s chance at th best. If we lose—we lose everything. There’ll l>e no hope for us. We-” “It’s the only way,” she said decidedly. “We must make Mondara our prisoner and force him to show us the way out o the crater.” “I know it, Alice. Just the same, I’c like to christen this with the brute's blood.' He flourished a stone-headed club; was just such a weapon as the first cave dweller might have wielded. They were silent for a little while. “Do you think he'll come, Alice?” the man said. “He always has, uncle. So whj shouldn’t he this morning, of all morn ings? Oh, he’ll come, I have no doubt that, and ask the same beastly question But—” her eyes glowed—“he won't g« quite the same answer." Her hand opened and closed about the haft of a keen-bladed wooden knife she was holding. “It will be easy,” she continued, talkii chiefly to calm her uncle's fears. “He wi come in alone, in that insolent way of his^ He makes a show of bravery, but he think we are unarmed. But this time we’ll sur- prise him. We'll rush him before he has time to draw his revolver or give an alani And then, when he’s our prisoner, he'll do anything we ask him to once he unde stands that we’ll kill him if he re fuss He’s a coward and-” “And a little mad, I think,” her unc supplemented. She nodded agreement. “Yes. That’s what makes him so da gerous—and our ultimate success so sur Rays of golden light crept into the cav dulling the fire gleams. The tread of booted feet sounded on the rocks outside. They heard a man’s voice singing a ballad of the London music halls. “He’s coming,” the girl whispered and moved quickly, taking up a position behind a large boulder near to the cave's entrano IDOLS	53 Professor Harding rose, the stone- lessly, “we thought you were Mondara, headed club gripped tightly in his hand, and-” and tiptoed with exagg “rated caution to an * angle in the wall of the cave, directly op- posite the girl. He was a ludicrous com- bination of modern savant and prehistoric man. The footsteps had come to a halt, the song ended. They could hear the new- comer exchanging ribald jokes with the guards. Then sounded the patter of naked feet. The night guards had been dis- missed, others had taken their place. The skin curtain before the opening trembled; a man’s voice sounded, forming the English words with precise primness. “Now I go to talk to the pretty lady," it said.	_ Long, black fingers appeared at the edge of the screen which bulged slightly, show- ing the outline of a man’s form. Suddenly the curtain screen was pulled on one side and a man entered, the screen falling into place behind him. With half suppressed cries of triumph, Alice and her uncle swiftly closed on him. The professor aimed a blow at the intruder with the stone club but, so great was his ex- i citement, missed, the weapon descending ■	with a jarring blow on the man’s shoulder, : making him lose his balance, sending him I headlong to the floor. Transformed for the moment into a blood lustful savage, the little professor : raised his weapon again but, before he -n could strike, the girl pushed him away. “Don’t,” she cried. “Quiet! Don’t 1 you see? This is not Mondara. This is r a white man.” She knelt down beside the fallen man, cutting the bonds which tied his feet loosely together; taking the gag from his mouth; j voicing apologies and hasty explanations. “It’s all right, dear miss,” the other said, •t: sitting up with an effort, answering the ■! look of deep concern in her eyes. “I’m i1 quite all right. Quite charmed by the very r, warm reception you gave me. But what is i it all about, if I may ask?” The little professor, very self-conscious at and ashamed of his exhibition of beserk •	B fury, knelt clown beside the stranger and a gently fingered his shoulder with exploring, . 3 understanding fingersr "Nothing broken,” he exclaimed in re- ijilief. “But you’ll have a most painful Hi bruise. I aimed for your head. I’m glad lill missed-” “So am I,” the other interrupted. “You see," the girl explained breath- “I see—yes. And who is this Mondara you were prepared to greet so lovingly?” The girl did not answer; instead, she looked helplessly at her uncle. “I told you it was no use,” that man be- gan and finished with a dismal groan. It had suddenly occurred to them both that their last chance of escape had van- ished; that the new captive must be the white man at whose camp they had intended to seek safety. And hard on that realization fol- lowed the thought that their jailer un- doubtedly knew of their plan to escape. The girl shrugged her shoulders in a gesture of despair; the wonderful courage and confidence which had supported her during the long months of captivity sud- denly left her, and she buried her face in her hands. Her uncle rose and crossing over to her, patted her comfortingly on the back. Then, with startling suddenness, the other man commenced to laugh hysterically and to babble an incoherent jumble of Eng- lish and native words. He bowed his head to the ground, patted the girl’s feet and called her strange sounding names. She drew back with a little cry of fear, thinking that the stranger had gone sud- denly mad. She looked to her uncle for an explanation and, when that man winked meaningly at her, she understood vaguely the reason for it all. A high tittering laugh drew her attention to the entrance to the cave and she turned in time to see a man enter. He was dressed in a loud plaid suit of thick tweed; the trousers were turned up to display his gaudy socks; his long, light brown shoes were very pointed and he moved with mincing steps. A stiff white collar forced him to hold his weak chin high and the color of his skin in contrast to it looked darker than ebony. His coarse, crinkled hair had been plastered with some strong smelling pomade and his black eyes glittered with malicious mirth. In his right hand he held a revolver and with it menaced the three. "And how do you like your new friend.'' he asked suavely. “You should be most SHORT STORIES 54 </rateful to me. Knowing how eager you were to seek his company. I caused him to be brought here to you—thus saving you a tiresome journey.” The girl did not answer; her uncle mut- tered angry curses and the stranger, still babbling foolishly, crept on hands and knees toward the ornately dressed native. “Back!” that man ordered sharply. “Go back!" His voice ended in a frightened squeak and when the white man stil! came on, he retreated swiftly and shouted an or- der to the guards outside. Two powerful natives immediately en- tered and, after a short struggle, succeeded in trussing up the white man who was, so evidently, afflicted by the spirits. Because of that they exercised no more force than was absolutely necessary. Their task done, they again left the cave. The native laughed affectedly. “I’m afraid your good uncle hit our friend too hard,” he said. “So now—” his eyes glittered—“I must ask you to give to me the club so cleverly manufactured, Professor. Quick! Throw it gently so that it falls at my feet.” Professor Harding hesitated a moment and then threw the weapon with all his force at the man’s head. “That was foolish,” the native said icily as he dodged the hurtling weapon. “You will have to pay for that. And now your knife, Alice, dear.” The girl's anger rose at the man’s leer- ing familiarity, but she obeyed his order with a pose of meekness. The native picked it up and examined it with an elaborate show of interest. "What a foolish waste of time,” he said, “to think that you could catch me off my guard! As if I didn’t know what you were doing and what your foolish plans were. You must have forgotten, Profes- sor, that walls—even the thick walls of this cave—have ears. And I’m afraid you won t have time to make more weapons. I have at last persuaded the Great Ones to send me out as a missionary. That is funny, is it not? And you will go with me, on my terms, or-” He passed his finger significantly across his throat. “We prefer this,” Professor Harding lure ^^ !mitated tlie other’s ges- “It is for you to say,” the native looked at Alice. “I have already given you my answer many times, Mondara. Death is prefer- able to the shame which-” '‘But think," he urged. “Once free of this place I will take you to America, or France or where you will. I have great wealth—diamonds, rubies, gold! I told the Great Ones that wealth—white man’s wealth—was necessary if I was to preach the black man’s creed. I told them that with wealth I could buy white men, could > hasten the day the Great Ones wait for. And that is true. Au-a! I know. Have I not lived in the countries of white men? And so the Great Ones have given me freely of their stores. I go from this] place the richest man in the world. I--"I “All this is of no interest to us,” the girl interrupted coldly. “Talking to you is time wasted. And as for your wealth—J we know your end. In a very little while m you will be penniless and you will crawls back here—if you dare. But you will notJj dare confess to the Great Ones that youl have been false to their trust.” He was nonplussed for the moment. “But you underestimate my wealth,” hefl said then. “I do not lie when I say that® I will be the richest man in the world—the! wealth of Solomon is at my command* fiere, in these hills, are the mines-" 1 He broke off abruptly, looked furtively® about him, then repeated, “The wealth offl Solomon is at my command.” “But not his wisdom,” Professor Hard-® ing murmured. “And what of your mission?” the girlf continued, as if she could not grasp the! horror of his suggestion. “What of the! Great Ones’ aim to make all Africa black?* W hat of the part you are to play in order! to bring about the fulfillment of their arn-1 bition?” He laughed at that. “As if I care. The Great Ones arejj fools. They work and plan for future^ generations. What are the future gener-1 ations to me? Nothing—less than noth-« ing. I pretended to side with them in or-B der to gain some of the treasure they havel stored up. Possessed of that—I leave Af-J rica and the Great Ones to stew in theirf own juice.” “Then, besides your other evils, you aref a traitor to your people?” “Have it that way if you please. I shall | call myself a prince, as I did at college in I England. My royal blood will give me the I entree to houses my wealth alone fails to open. I shall be received everywhere with open arms. White men will fight each other for my friendship and-” ‘‘Yes—you are quite mad,” the girl said IDOLS 55 slowly. “If I could only see the Great Ones and tell them the truth about you-” H e laughed derisively. “If you could see them, and could speak t o them in a lan- guage they un- derstand, and __ tell them what I have told you, my life would not be worth that!” He snapped his fingers. “But you can’t see them—and, if you did, you couldn’t talk to them. They understand r language but their own. And now : will you reconsider your decision?” He scowled as she turned her back upon him. “If you do not come freely, I’ll take you by force,” he threatened, “and your uncle will die slowly.” “And I would live only long enough to kill you.” she replied slowly. A staccato drum-beat sounded in the val- ley of the crater. “I go now,” Mondara said. "I will give you until tomorrow. And then, if you haven’t decided to fulfill my conditions, 1-7* With his threat unfinished he quickly left the place. The girl went to the cave opening and peering out saw the native disappear down the steep, narrow path, cut out of the side of the rock, which led to the bed of the crater. Returning to the cave she saw her uncle sitting beside the bound man, whispering excitedly. Joining them she bent over to unfasten the bonds, telling her uncle to help. “Has Mondara gone?” the professor asked. She nodded. Eoth the men sighed with relief. “Then that’s all right, dear miss,” the bound man said in a normal voice. “No; don’t loosen the bonds. The Mondara chappy may return and it’s just as well that he should continue to think I’m a lit- tle—er—mad.” “But what’s to be gained,” the girl asked, “by pretending that? And why not let us loose you? With your help, we might be able to overpower the guards and-” “No, that won’t do, dear miss. Any false move just now would hasten our deaths, I think. And whilst there's life there’s hope. I played the giddy ass, as it were, because I thought I might get near enough to jump on that poisonous bounder. But he wasn’t having any, as you saw. And then I decided to carry on the farce. Don’t know why—no doubt there’s a good reason waiting to be found.” “At least,” the professor said slowly, ‘‘you’ve made yourself a person of some importance in the eyes of the guards. They tnink you’re really mad and, therefore, un- der the protection of the spirits.” “Ah! That’ll no doubt come in useful some time. And now, introductions and what not are in order. I think. You are Professor Harding, and this is your niece. Miss Alice. As for me—I'm Aubrey St. John—generally known as ‘the Major.’” The girl bowed gravely. “And now,” continued the Major, “I think we ought to examine our resources, exchange information, and so forth. And I don’t think we ought to waste much time. I am inclined to think that Mr. Mondara will have me transferred to another cell very shortly. Yes; he’s much too wise a bird to put all his eggs in one basket, as it were.” The professor nodded agreement. “Our story is soon told,” he said, “and the sum total of our knowledge is very lit- tle. With my nephew and niece I came to this district in search of certain scientific data. B}f accident—actually I fell 'down the shaft of an ancient mine and broke my leg—I stumbled upon the existence of a secret society which planned to make the black race supreme throughout all Africa; a red idol, a powerful symbol of the so- ciety, also came into my possession. Be- lieving at the time tliat a blood)'- rebellion was being planned, I sent my nephew down country with the idol and a full report of my discovery. “The same day he departed my carriers deserted and we were taken prisoners by Mondara and brought to this place. That was months ago. Since then I have dis- covered—you heard how Mondara talks, a little while ago—that the heads of the so- ciety have no thought of overpowering the whites by force, but are concentrating their resources on the educating of their people. I think-” “May I ask questions?” the Major in- terrupted. “It will be quicker.” “I’m afraid I’m very vague,” the profes- sor apologized, “and your suggestion s a good one.” 56 “Have ciety you seen SHORT STORIES the heads of the so- No Except Mondara and the guards, we have seen no one all the time we have been here. No one to talk to, that is. Of course, when we have taken exercise on the narrow ledge outside, we have seen people down in the valley of the crater. “Have you spoken to the guards. “No. TThey do not speak English, nor do they understand my Swahili.” “They arc West Coast natives, ’ the Ma- jor explained. “But you have been here months, you say. Surely you liave learned their language?” “No; how could I? They don t talk even to each other in my hearing; they don’t attempt to converse with me. I have only spoken to Mondara.” The Major frowned. “Um! He's a clever blighter. So all you know is what he's seen fit to tell you ?” “Yes,” the professor admitted. “But I’m quite sure that he has not lied to us about the society. He lies about his own personal prowess and so forth, of course, but his overweening egotism and his con- fidence that we cannot give information against him, impells him to speak freely about the society and its endless ramifica- tions. I think, for instance, that we may accept all that he said this morning as sub- stantially true.” “Including the story of Solomon’s trea- sure?” “Including that.” “That makes my fingers itch,” the Ma- jor muttered. “And this stone idol Johnny, just outside the cave; do they wor- ship that?” ”1 think not,” the professor replied slowly. “No; I am sure they do not. It is simply a perpetual reminder of the aims of the society; it personifies the triumph of the black race.” “Um! Funny place to put it. Still, I imagine it can be seen quite plainly from below.” “T h e little wooden idol I sent down coun- try with my nephew is a facsimile of it,” the professor continued. "And how did that come into your hands ?” “There was a man down at the bottom of the shaft—the one I fell down, you under- stand. He was on guard there. He tried to kill me. I shot him. He could speak -he told me many things I took the idol from him was a funny experi- English a little- before he died, afterward. It ence-” “And under what conditions does Mon- dara offer you freedom?” “My promise to marry him,” the girl said evenly. “Phew! He is a little mad, isn't he? He’s advanced just that little beyond the savage which makes hum very dangerous. But what was your plan of escape which my capture knocked on the head?" “We were going to attack Mondara, cap- ture him a-id make him lead us to your camp.” “Then you knew I was in the neighbor- hood? How?” “Mondara told us. He lias been giving us reports of your progress for the j>ast three weeks. Drum talk, you know. 1 thought you were the advance guard of a rescue party my nephew, Red, had suc- ceeded in getting together. I had begun to think that Mondara lied to us when he told us that Red had been killed.” “That was no lie,” the Major said gravely. “I was with him. He told me about you and I promised him to bring help." There was silence for a little while. “But why did you come alone?" the professor asked. “No one would come with me—the of- ficials laughed at the idea of a secret so- ciety and all that. Oh, well! We must put "our heads together and think up a way to get out of this.”	, “Only a miracle can help us,” the girl said with a sigh. “Please tell me about my brother.” “He—” the Major began, then began to laugh boisterously as he struggled to free his hands from the ropes which bound them. The girl started back as if at a blow, but at once Mondara, accompanied by four powerful natives, entered the cave. “You are clever, very clever, Mister Aubrey St. John Major,” he said scoffingly, “but not so clever as Mondara. I left you, thinking you mad. But doubts came and I returned to make sure. So—laugh no more. You are no longer under the pro- tection of the spirits. Instead—you shall be under my protection.” “Splendid!” the Major drawled, but could say no more for in response to Mon- dara *s curt order the four natives came for- ward and after gagging and blindfolding 10 IDOLS 57 him picked the Major up and carried him from the cave. “I think I am very clever, eh, Profes- sor?” Mondara said complacently. “It is very hard to pull the wool over my eyes. You have found that out, I hope. And, if you’re wise, you’ll use your influence to jjersuade Miss Alice to-” “Get out” snapped the professor and Mondara, first bowing- sarcastically, has- tened after the men who had taken the Major. The professor and Alice looked blankly at each other. “Our last state is worse than the first,” the professor said nervously. “I'm not so sure. I think the Major will find a way.” The professor smiled wearily. “You're putting your trust in a broken reed, Alice. He has courage and colossal strength—you'd never suspect that at a casual glance—but that’s all! I don’t be- ! lieve he has a brain in his head. Besides, : even if he had, what could he do? He'll be } put in a cave like this with men 011 guard : night and day. He has no weapons, i he-” The girl shook her head. “You can't shake my confidence, uncle. ! I’m relying on the Major. Don’t know u why—call it a woman’s intuition. And, .uncle, isn’t he frightfully handsome?” •' f- W HE sun was hastening upon its I westward course; the valley of the A crater was a place of purple shadows. As the shadows rose, twilight gloom was everywhere save that one ray of light from : the setting sun, shining through a gap in i the western wall, focussed on the stone j image, accentuating its bestial lines; the rred with which it was stained glowed like jwarm, freshly spilled blood. The people of the crater were hastening )to a clearing directly below the idol. As 1 if at a signal they dropped to their knees, I their faces upturned toward the image, and : from a thousand throats came their chant <of supplication; a prayer that their ambi- tions might be quickly fulfilled. The rock ialls echoed with the mournful cadence, id the volume of sound seemed as if it ust fill the whole universe. The .sun sank lower; the shaft of light jw only illumined the idol’s face. The tick lips seemed to part in an under- anding leer. The chant ended in a wild shout as the ght totally vanished, and the people de- parted to their huts. For them, although the sky above the towering, snow-crowned peaks was still a dazzling blue, night had commenced. THE Major groaned softly, then, sit- ting erect with an effort, tore the filthy bandage from his eyes. His clothing hung upon him in shreds, and his back was scored with long, livid weals—the marks of a sjambok's lash. Presently, when his eyes became accus- tomed to the flickering light of the fire, he rose to his feet, walked unsteadily to the cave opening and peered out. Two na- tives, gripping assegais firmly in their right hands, were kneeling there, their faces turned toward the stone idol which was but a few paces to the right. From below came the sound of a vast multitude chant- ing. Cautiously the Major stepped out onto the narrow path. He was possessed with the idea of rushing the kneeling men, ob- taining their spears and selling his life as dearly as possible. Suddenly the chant- ing below ceased; the two men jumped to their feet and turned to face him. They menaced him with their spears and with angry gestures indicated that he should re- turn to the cave. “I intend 110 harm,” he said plaintively in the language of one of the Gold Coast tribes. “Let me stay a while.” But they only scowled and advanced im- placably upon him. When the points of their spears were but a few inches from him, he shrugged his shoulders and reen- tered the cave. “This is a deuce of a mess,” he muttered as he sat down beside the fire. “I wish Jim, the bally old blighter, were here; things wouldn’t be so bad then. With- out him. I’m lost. Absolutely!” He sighed. “I won- der what’s hap- pened to the dear old chap ? Some- how. I don’t think they captured him, or the carriers. Yes I am just as sure that Jim and the carriers are alive. I should say that the people who run this little affair are not exactly bloodthirsty. If we could only eliminate the Mondara chappie, I’d be willing to gam- ble that I could get us all out of the mess as easy as wink.” SHORT STORIES 53 He rose to his feet and paced slowly up and down.	. “Yes,” he continued. ‘Mondara must eliminated and there’s very little time in which to do it. Of course, if he’s Jelling the truth, he leaves here in two clays time. But first, I think, he will eliminate us—and 1 hat’s not so good. And he plans to take Miss Alice by force U she won't go will- ing! v. And she won’t, of course. So there are two good reasons why Mr. Mon- dara must not go—or why we should go first. Yes; I think that would he best. But there are a lot of obstacles in the way —a frightful lot. And I want to see this reputed Solomon’s treasure and—” his voice sharpened—“I want to teach Mon- dara that it is not wise to sjambok a white man. "He’s cunning. He had me carried for miles an’ miles. Then he sjamboked me, then more traveling—blindfolded all the time. And yet here I am now in a cave not a hundred feet from that which im- prisons Miss Alice and the professor. Did I say Mondara was cunning? He’s not. He’s a fooL Trying to make me think that I was miles awav from the others when a moments thought must have shown him that the idol was a dead give away of my lo- cation. Oh, well! Even if the other two dear souls are only just the other side of the idol, they might as well be the other -ide of the world for all the chance I have of getting in touch with them.” The entrance of two native women, es- corted by the guards, {>ut an end to his cogi- tations. One of the women carried a plat- ter heaped high with food, and a large rourd full of water. The other had a pile of faggots for the fire. They placed their burdens on the ground and retired, grinning sheepishly at the Major’s fulsome compliments. “At least,” he mused as he sat down to cat. “they don’t intend to starve me. This chicken-” For a time the business of eating fully occupied him. And that, he said at length with a sigh ot satisfaction, he had been very hungry, 1 STm?8 imy P°*nt* We are not meant to be killed It is undoubtedly the order of the head Johnnies that we are to be well treated.” He shivered. “Phew! It’s getting cold. The sun must have set. He put a couple of sticks on the fire. An- other he held in his hand, balancing it thoughtfully.	* “It looks as if Mondara must be killed,” he muttered, “and I’ve used worse weap- ons than this.” He sat staring morosely at the lire, endeavoring to find a way out of the difficulties which emhogged him. 'l ime passed swiftly, but the Major did not move, did not shift his gaze from the lire. Unshaven, his hair in disorder, his. clothing dirty and tom, there was little about him to suggest the monocled, im- maculate dude which was his well culti vated pose. Only the well trained observer would have been aware of the colossaH strength stored in his relaxed frame, of the fighting spirit indicated by his firm, we shaped chin, and of the keen brain whic worked behind the mild, vacuous appeann blue eyes. He rose suddenly and, taking a light® brand from the fire, explored the walls n his prison cave. At one point there was a wide crack the wall. He passed his improvised torch? through it and found that it was wi< enough and deep enough to admit thfc length of his arm. Shielding his eyes fn : the wood smoke which drifted back froi his torch, he squinted through tlie cradl The rock wall, he judged, was near two feet thick and beyond was anothci cave, or—or a passageway! “And if it’s a cave,” he mused as he re turned to the fire, “then its opening mu be partly concealed by the idol. And if itJ a passageway—it may lead to the treasut Mondara was talking about Better than that, it may lead straight through mountain and-” He closed his eyes, realizing that lie wa too tired to marshal his thoughts properly and he was too wise to indulge in vague wonderings. “Tomorrow.*’ he muttered sleepily, “I investigate. But now I must relax ; there nothing I can do. There-" His voice trailed off into silence. H head dropped lower: his chin rested on h up-drawn knees and he slept as a native sleeps, slept with every sense on guard t warn him of the approach of danger. Time passed. Then a voice sounded in the cave, ghostly whisper of a voice, seeming t emanate from the crack. “Baas!” it said. “Baas!” THAT same morning Jim, the Ho tentot, awakened tardily from sleep Rising to his feet he gazed vacanil; first at the swiftly rising sun, then at the J ’ IDOLS 59 dying ashes of the fire and the deserted camp. “Baas!” he cried, and when the empty echo of his own voice was the only an- swer, he grinned sheepishly. “Because I have slept overlong," he muttered, “the baas plays a game with me." He shook his head doubtfully as he eyed the loads left by the deserting carriers. “I will wait here,” he presently decided, “and cook my- self food. He will send someone back for these loads.” Then for the first time he was conscious that he was gripping something tight- ly in his hand. He opened his fingers and look- ed at the little red idol and his expression o f disgust as he suddenly threw the thing i from him was almost comical in its inten- £ sity. A cloud of gray ashes leaped upward as 3	the idol dropped into the midst of the ci smoldering fire. With a cry the Hottentot ran forward, ti raked the idol from the fire with his fin- , gers, carefully brushed the ashes from it r, and secreted it amongst the tangled mop -	of his hair. “The baas would not like it burnt,” he muttered as he walked restlessly up and down, listening intently for any sound which would give him a clue as to the whereabouts of his baas and the carriers. After a while, -with a self-condemning | grunt of disgust, he examined the ground H all about and there read the story of the a carriers’ departure. “I am a fool,” he grumbled. “I should a have known. Wo-we! The sleep spirits -	must have bound me fast. The carriers— 1 Mashona dogs that they are!—have started I back on the long trek to their kraals. Au-a! fi May they die on the way. But I should 4	have remembered, I should not have slept. I	I should have kept watch with the baas. A Yesterday they said they would go—and I t slept while they departed! But my baas? /I Where is he ?” “1 do not see his spoor here,” he con- tinued. “IVo-we! And all the time I lept.” He scrutinized the ground even more closely, stooping over almost double. Up and down he went, following the Major’s restless pacing of the night, until, finally, he came to the spot where darkness had suddenly descended upon the Major. Little more than a casual glance was suf- ficient to show him all that had happened and, greatly distressed, he returned to the fire and, squatting down on his haunches, gazed blankly before him. At that mo- ment he wished that death might come to him. Now that his baas had gone, his baas who could do no wrong, there was nothing to live for. For many years they had played the game together—hunting, exploring, welded together in that bond of sympathy which nature weaves about men—irrespective of color—who are men. “Wo-weI” Jim moaned. His baas had been captured by followers of the little red idol. They had crept up close whilst he—Jim, the Hottentot—slept. Worse yet—they had probably crept up close during his watch and had bided their time, not moving, doing nothing to betray their presence to the white man when he corfimenced his watch. “Wo-we!” Jim said again. “And I told the baas that there was nothing to fear. Yet I must have slept during my watch. They could not have creot up without the baas hearing them. And they were so close that he had no time, even to utter one cry of warning.” Then came a thought which lightened his mood of despair. The little red idol! Probably the baas had left that with him as a sign that he was to follow; probably the baas had gone off willingly with the fol- lowers of the idol. At least they had not raided the camp; they had not been respon- sible for the carriers’ desertion; they had not harmed him. Then, it might be, the Major was still alive. The Hottentot put some more wood onto the fire, blowing on the embers until the new fuel burst into flame. Then, opening certain of the packs, he methodically cooked himself some food which he ate median- ically. He was storing up vitality for the unknown trek before him. His hunger satisfied, he took two revol- vers and a belt of cartridges from one of the packs and strapped them about him. A long coil of rope he carried about his shoulders. The rest of the packs he ar- ranged in an orderly pile and covered them with branches and armfuls of the long grass which had served as his baas’ bed, weighting it down with heavy boulders. Then, from his own little store of things he selected a large hunting knife which he stuck in the cartridge belt, sadly discarded the blankets and set out on the trail. 6o Picking up the spoor of the unknown abductors, Jim, the Hottentot.. followed it at a fast pace. Straight uphill it went fol- lowing, as Jim presently perceived, a faintly defined trail. Even so the trek- king was difficult and Jim was frequently forced to call a halt. The trail was so steep in places that he liad difficulty in keeping his footing. It was nearly noon when he came to a large, barren plateau, jutting out from the mountain. There the trail was clearer and he was able to go at a faster pace. An hour later, when he had crossed the pla- teau, he was faced by a steep, unclimbable wall of rock. In despair he searched the wind polished surface for signs of foot- hold. but found none; neither could he see any further signs of the trail of the men he followed. The path—if path it could be called— vanished at a small clump of stunted bushes; at that point his baas and the men who had carried him had apparently dis- solved into nothingness. With unflagging energy, Jim cast about in ever widening circles, endeavoring to pick up the spoor again, cheering himself with the memories of other adventures he and his baas had shared; adventures which had brought them face to face with death —yet they had always won through. “And we will be too cunning for death this time,” Jim shouted challengingly. The wind, which howled continually about the plateau with an almost gale-like velocity, snatched the words from his mouth, splitting them up into incoherent syllables, casting them into an abyss of si- lence. Jim shivered, and vaguely com- pared himself to a morsel of dirt upon the peak of the world. He had returned now to the place where he had lost the trail; was standing close to the clump of bushes. Suddenly, with a sheepish grin at his own stupidity, he parted the bushes and uttered a soft cry of triumph. Swiftly uncoiling his rope, he fastened one end securely about a large boulder and, tying a good sized stone to the other end, threw it into the gaping hole the bushes concealed. Before half the length of the rope snaked into the hole a rocky clatter told him that the stone had reached bottom and, without turt her hesitation, he slid down the rope. the bottom reached, he was challenged by a native who loomed up in the twilight gloom of the place like a creature of the nether world. SHORT STORIES “What make you here?" be demanded ir the language of the Ekoi, and when Jir gurgled an incoherent reply, repeated the question i n halting Zulu. W he n Jim scratching h i head in indeci- sion, still marie- no reply, th, other threatenc him with a spear “Speak," h. demanded. J i m grinned He liad formulated a plan of action. “I come on the business of this one," lie said and taking the idol from his hair, liel< it out on the palm of his hand. The other swiftly examined it, hande< it back, and then lighted a torch in the embers which glowed fitfully in a sma brazier. “The way is before you,” he said as handed the torch to Jim, and sat down be side the brazier having, apparently, no fur ther interest in the matter. Jim looked at him uneasily. Somethin warned him that he was not to win throng so easily. He edged closer to the sent! his hand on the hilt of his hunting knift His eyes had now become accustomed the yellow light of the torch and he sa that he was in a circular, highroofed cave shafts led off from it in all directions. “Which road do I take?" he asked gruf ly, and went still closer to the sentry. The other laughed mockingly. j “If you were sent on That One's bus ness,” he said, “the road was made knen to you.” “I was not told, or if I was told I forgotten.” Jim said dully. “So show the road I take. I have the idol." “Aye, so you have. But that alone not enough. WThat is its voice? Wli word does it give? What wrord do yot give for it? An-a! You have no wot You are a liar. And so—choose your ow path. It is all one to me. Only, shot* you choose the wrong one, death will come very quickly to you. Or, should you chance choose the right one, the Grt Ones will have means of finding whethe you are a liar or no.” Jim looked about the place, seeking sor clue which would indicate which shaft should take. But they all looked alike there were no distinguishing marks. Beads of sweat rolled down the Hottentot’s fac He was horribly afraid. Not for himself 10 IDOLS 6r but for the safety of his baas. If he failed now- “That is the one I will take/’ he said with I a show of confidence, and pointed to an opening. In order to gain access to it, he would have to pass very close to the sen- I	tty. “You choose well,” the other grunted, but Jim detected a note of malicious tri- umph in the man’s voice. Whistling softly, Jim walked toward it; but as he was about to pass the sentry he drew his knife and leaped upon him. Over and over they rolled, struggling furiously. The sentry was strong, but Jim was stronger. ‘Tf you kill me/’ the man gasped, Jim’s knife pricking at his throat, “what good will that do you? Let me up and I will : tell you the proper road.” “Get up then,” Jim panted triumphantly, “and see that you make no sound.” Silently the other obeyed, turning his hack to Jim as that man directed, holding i his hands out behind him. Jim cut a length off the rope and tied the : man’s hands together. “Now,” he said, as he lighted another j torch, “show me the road.” ‘It is that one.” The man nodded to- : ward a shaft directly opposite the one Jim i had selected. “So-o? Then you shall go ahead of me r and lead me to its end. And remember; I : shall be very close behind you, holding the *	rope which binds you, the point of my knife --it is very sharp—pressed between your shoulder blades. Now, lead on—and play 3 no tricks.” He pricked the other with his knife, urg- ing him on. “Nay, Hottentot,” the man gasped. “I lied. That way is strewn with poison : thorns. That way is death.” “Au-ci!” said Jim. “Then show me the •	right way.” The other hesitated, then, shrugging his ? shoulders, “It is that one,” he said and ' walked unhesitatingly toward the shaft di- rectly to the left of the one he had first in- dicated. “Wait!” Jim said and yanked II	hard on the rope he held, causing the man r> to fall over backward. Quickly Jim tightened his bonds, passing r| the rope around his feet, so that the sentry was helpless, incapable of moving. “Now bite on this,” he said and thrust a gag between his jaws. “I will release you when I return—if I return,” Jim said as he dragged the man a 1 little distance along one of the shafts. Then, taking a bundle of torches with him, he went boldly forward. For what seemed an endless time he fol- lowed the winding, tunneled passage, mar- veling at the ivory smoothness of the walls —as if polished by countless million hands. “Mostly I'm going toward the direction of the setting sun,” Jim muttered. “It may be that this road will take me to the place where the sun buries itself with the coming of night; it may be that this leads to the place of the wicked dead.” He shiv- ered at the thought of it. “But at least,” he comforted himself, “the man who kept watch was no spirit—but a poor guard.” One by one his stock of torches burned down and out. He had only one left, and that half consumed, when he came to a wide ravine which was spanned by a flimsy rope bridge. The ravine, actually it was a wide crack in the rock caused by some upheaval of nature—extended for an enor- mous distance. Far overhead Jim could see a tiny patch of sky. Dubiously he tested the bridge, then started to cross. It swayed sickeningly to and fro and, when he was but halfway across, he lost hold of his torch. Almost nauseated by giddiness, he watched the tiny point of flame drop into the darkness below; watched it until it van- ished. He listened intently, but no sound came up out of the depths and he visualized it falling for all eternity. His hold on the ropes stiffened and he clung there, afraid to move. It seemed to him that many seasons came and went be- fore courage returned to him and he moved slowly forward. When he readied the solid ground again, he crept forward on hands and knees, al- most sobbing with relief, yet not daring to stop until he had put several hundred paces between himself and the bottomless horror of the pit. Had he known, there was a store of torches and food hidden in a niche in the wall close by. Then on again, very slowly, feeling his way cautiously forward, inch by daring inch, endeavoring to make his eyes pierce the darkness. He lost all thought of time, all awareness of self. He rememoered only that his baas —the man he worshipped with an almost idolatrous zeal—was somewhere ahead. He was subconsciously aware that the tun- nel was sloping upward. His naked feet could feel the steps which had been cut into the rock. The tunnel suddenly leveled out again &2 SHORT STORIES and Jim, with a feeling of relief, realized that the darkness was not so intense. A tongue of flame shot out from the wall ahead. It moved mysteriously to and fro, up and down, then as mysteriously disap- peared—seemed to have been swallowed up by the rock.	, With a groan of fear Jim dropped to his knees and covered his face with his hands. He was sure that he had seen a manifesta- tion of the spirits. Presently, summoning up courage, though he could not silence the chattering of his teeth, he rose and went on. After a while, and never had his pace been so slow, he came to a place where there was a crack in the left hand wall of the tunnel through which straggled a shaft of light Greatly daring, Jim crept up to it and peered through. At first he could distin- guish nothing; then he saw his baas sitting beside a fire. But his great joy did not de- stroy his caution. “Baas!1' he called softly. Then, when the Major did not move, called in a little louder tone, “O-he, Baas!” He chuclded with delight as his baas opened his eyes and stretched himself wearily. He did not call again. He knew that his baas had heard, that his pregnant call had penetrated beyond the outerguard of sleep. Casually the Major rose, put more wood on the fire, glanced toward the opening of the cave—he could see the sentries outside; they were sitting with their backs to him—then went to the crack. “Jim!” he whis- pered happily. “Is it really you ?” “A ye. Baas. None other. Are you all r i g h t, Baas? No harm has come to you ?” I am all right, Jim, save that a sjambok scored my back.” “There shall be an accounting for that ” Jim said fiercely. ,•	Jim>” «« Major cau- tioned. You brought guns ‘‘Aye, Baas. Two.” Jim passed the revolvers and cartridge belt through the crack with a sigh of relief. Jim did not like firearms. As the Major buckled the weapons about him, under his clothing, he chuckled gleefully. Their possession put escape into his liands. One of the sentries peered into the cave then, rejoining his companion, announced “The white man is mad. He stands by the wall laughing to himself! He will give us no trouble. Let us sleep.” “How do I get into that place where you now are. Baas?” Jim asked. “Or how do you get out ?” He strained at the sides of the crack as if he would rend tlie rock still farther apart. “It cannot be done that way, Jim,” thel Major said. “But we will find a way.I There is 110 great need of haste. Now tdlJ me how you come to this place. But first —are you hungry?” “What is meat to me now that I know you live, Baas?” the Hottentot replied hap- pily. “Yet, nevertheless, I could eat a lit- tle.” The Major laughed softly and brought over from the fire the remains of his eve- ning meal which he passed through the crack to Jim. While the Hottentot ate, the Major gave him a full account of his ! experiences. “Au-a!” exclaimed Jim, the end of tlie Major’s narrative coinciding with the last! crumb of food. “And it is all my fault* If I had not slept-” “There is no fault, Jim. Doubtless if they had not captured me we would nova be on our way south again, my mission ^ failure. As it is— But my voice growa tired. Tell me, then, of your journeyt mgs.” “It is a long trail. And where shall fl start ?” “Where is the Red Idol I left beside you ?” Jim grinned. “I threw it in the fire, Baas.” “Teh!” the Major clicked reprovingly. ■ “And then I took it out of the fire, un- harmed, Baas. And it is well I did. It is a powerful charm. It-” And for a time Jim’s deep voice rumbled 1 011, describing in great detail his manifold adventures. “That is all, Baas,” he finally concluded; “And now we will go back the way I caine«jj Let us start now. I like not this place.'* “And think you, Jim, that I can squeeze through this crack?” “I had forgotten that Then must we stay here until death comes?” “The way is open for you to return,? Jim.” “The way is closed unless you are with* me, Baas. Such talk is folly,” the Hot- tentot growled. Tlie Major’s eyes glowed. “Did the carriers take all the packs with JO IDOLS 63 them, Jim?” he asked lightly, concealing ihc emotion be felt at Jim’s fresh demon- stration of loyalty. “Kay, Baas. Only the ones containing their food." The Major nodded and rubbed his chin reflectively. "I'm glad of that/’ he drawled in Eng- lish. “I’m beastly dirty and I need a shave. Besides, I feel quite lost without my mon- ocle. That Mondara smashed it to smith- ereens with his sjambok. Ah! I’m afraid he will have to pay for that. Oh, quite. And so, considering that I need so many things, I think the sooner we get out of this place the better. I think, perhaps, if all things go in our favor, we will go tonight. Not a bit of good waiting about. And it should be quite simple—quite. I imagine the passage Jim’s in comes out by the stone idol. So—all I have to do is shoot the sen- tries outside my cave and the sentries out- side the professor’s and just amble along. But I don’t like that idea very much. “The sentries are quite good sorts, really, and killing them would be such a messy affair. Besides, the reports would give the alarm, and I couldn’t shoot the whole bloomin’ population of the crater. No! We’ve got to get away quietly. And I want to take Mister Bloomin’ Mondara along with us. He’s our only real danger. He’s civilized—probably has rifles and re- volvers and what not. So he must come along with us 3res, for the good of his soul, he must come along. He must be taught . a few things. And that’s not all ’pon my soul, no! This expedition has cost me a deuce of a lot of money. I must reimburse myself somehow. Don’t you think so, Jim?”	^ “Golly, 110-yes, Baas. If I don’t see you, s’long hullo?” Jim stammered, not un- 1 derstanding a word of what the Major had said, answering the interrogative note in his I- baas’ voice. “I thought you would say that, old top,” r the Major drawled. Then, in the vernacu- lar, “Now go to the end of the passage and [t find when it comes out. Also, look for a r crack in the wall opposite.” Jim departed returning almost imme- i diately, greatly excited. 'The passage ends less than a spear’s If throw from here, Baas,” he reported. “Be- I tween the idol’s legs is the opening. The I light from the fires of the watchers showed rf! me that. And there is a crack in the wall >1 opposite, but it is not so big as this one. | It is only a small crack, I could only just j see through it. I looked and saw the white woman and the old white man. They were sitting by the fire looking as if death was very close to them.” “It was, Jim, until you came. Death was close to all of us. But you have frightened death away. So now there is no cause for fear. And now what?” His brows knit in puzzled thought. “I have no paper, no pencil—nothing by which I can write a message,” he muttered. “I’ll have to trust it to Jim. I hope they’ll have the sense to listen to him. I think they will. At least Miss Alice will. She’s splendid. She—” Aloud he said, “Listen, Jim. You must go to the other crack and make the girl or the man come to speak with you. Here, take this—” he passed a thin stick through to Jim—“and wave it to and fro until they see it. Then whisper their names: Missy Alice—Professor— over and over again until they come to the crack. Say their names!” “Missy Alley! P’fessor,” Jim said halt- ingly. The Major nodded. “That will do. Then, Jim, when they have come to the crack you will tell them this And slowly, making Jim repeat sentence after sentence, the Major outlined the first steps of the scheme which would, he hoped, end in escape from the crater. “Now tell me,” he said finally, “just as you are going to tell them, all that I have said. And speak slowly, for their knowl- edge of the vernacular is not good.” Jim nodded and began: “I am Jim, I am the Major's right hand ; I am his mouth. This is what he says to you: before the rising of the morrow’s sun we will all leave this place in safety. But first you, Missy Alley, must play a part. Call now for the man Mondara. If you make much noise, shouting his name, the sentry will send for him. Then, when he comes, this is the meat of what you must say to him: “ ‘I have been thinking many things, Mondara. It is better to live, even as your slave, than to die. I am young, 1 desire to live. I desire much wealth. Much wealth would make me forget, maybe, that your skin is black. So I am almost ready to fulfill your condition and go with you freely. But how can I believe that you are rich? Go, bring me proof, now, that you have all manner of precious stones as you have boasted. If I am satisfied that you do not lie, then, I promise you, I will go forth from this place with you—and that freely.’ 64 “That is what my baas says you must sav Missy Allcv. And you, P’fessor. My baas, the Major, says that you must forbid the girl to do as she says; you must be an- gry with her. “Then, after Mondara has de- parted, 1 will come again with further word from my baas.” Jim looked at the Major. :,Have I the message right?’' he asked. ‘‘Quite, Jim. Your words are the echo of mine. Go now and see what you can do." When Jim had departed on his mission, the Major paced restlessly up and down. Presently he sat down, close to the crack, and endeavored to eject his personality into the other cave, commanding its occupants to listen to the voice of Jim. Time passed, dragged wearily. “O-he, Baas!” He roused himself at Jim's excited whis- per. “Well, Jim?” he asked. "She will do it, Baas,” the Hottentot said. “Even now she makes ready. At first they would have none of my story. The old man said T was a liar; he said 1 was one of Mondara’s men trying to trap them. But the girl said I was a true man. But first she made me repeat the words the baas put into my mouth many times. There, listen. Baas! She calls now.” Faintly, muffled by the walls of the cave, the Major heard the girl calling, “Mon- dara! Mondara!” He chuckled with satisfaction. ‘‘Keep a close lookout, Jim,” he ordered. “He may come by the passage. If he does —	You have a knife?” 'Aye; I have a knife, Baas,” Jim an- swered grimly. 1 hen you will know what to do. Do not kill him, unless that can’t be avoided, but do not let him call for aid. Watch now. I go to the opening of my cave to see what is to be seen.” As the Major came to his cave’s open- ing the girl s voice sounded louder, clearer, Mondara! Mondara!” The sentries before her cave were ap- parently trying to silence her with threats whilst the men who kept guard over him were grumbling loudly because their sleep had been disturbed. “Go get Mondara,” one of them shout He will silence her.” A noisy altercation followed and th the Major saw one of the guards rise a make his way swiftly down the narrow pa leading to the crater below. After a time—the Major judged a hal hour had passed—the guard returned, ho ing aloft a flaming torch, and behind hi was Mondara. Well satisfied, the Major retreated into his cave and seated himself abj before the fire. Nevertheless, it was on by the exercise of magnificent self-contr that he was able to refrain from rushi out and fighting his way to the other ca He was nervous for the girl’s safety; h afraid that she would betray, unwitting! the existence of Jim. Someone entered his cave and ca~ slowly toward him. He knew it was dara and was halt determined to bring mat ters to an issue there and then. His bett judgment, however, ruled otherwise, must wait a little longer. “And how is the mad Mr. Aubrey John Major?” Mondara drawled inoc ingly. The Major sprang to his feet ss i greatly alarmed. “When did you come in ?” he gasped. ‘ must have been asleep. I—” Then drawl came into his voice again. “I t it that you have come to release me f this hole, eh? Frightfully good of yo But. let me tell you, I shall report yo' beastly behavior to the authorities.” Mondara's eyes gleamed. “You are a fool,” he said in a contempt ous tone. “I just came to tell you that t morrow I leave this place and the girl g with me of her own free will. In less than a month I shall be on board ship headin for Paris. After that—" He shrugge his shoulders. "But you'll take me with you,” the Ma jor pleaded. "You wouldn’t leave me he to die in this hole. Why-” “No; I won't leave you here to die. 1 shall kill you before I go.” He turned abruptly on his heel and left the cave. “Baas!” It was Jim at the crack again. The Major crossed over quickly. “Well, Jim?” “Missy Alley, she says that Mondara has gone to get the proof of his wealth. In a little while he will return. She now wants to know what she must do when he comes again.” ‘‘Tell her, Jim, that she must make a SHORT STORIES IDOLS 65 ihow of being well satisfied with what she >ees. Tell her to speak soft words to \Iondara. Tell her to make him many soft promises, if need !>e. But she must send lim away quickly. Tell her to tell him hat she must sleep in order to be ready for I lie morrow’s trek. Say that to her and hen come back here to me.” When Jim returned to report that he had ■	lelivered the message he saw the Major *	^nd arms and face with the charred end of a piece of wood. “Is the baas mad ?” he gasped. “N ay, J i m. Only, for a little while, I desire to ]>ass as one of the sentries.” “Then the baas is indeed mad. As : the black char from a piece of burned rood could make him black. Au-a! Does : lat thicken his lips, change the color of t is eyes and hair, break down the bridge f his nose? What folly. And there are jither tilings-” ‘ “What I do is enough, Jim. It is only to >	bol a man whose eyes are blinded by his vivn splendor. He will not look at me cosely—until it is too late. Why should e? Suspecting nothing, he will see noth- i\g. Now, Jim, I go to take my stand C2ar to the entrance of this my cave, and nu will shout—putting your lips to this . -ack-Afonn-akat-chang-obbaiv-cliang V ”* " “WTiat is it, Baas?” Jim asked wonder- rgly after he had muttered the words to 1 mself. “A charm?” ‘A most powerful charm, Jim. I think •	will bring the guards running to see ;vhat it is all about. But shout the words t'tadly and let there be fear in your voice.” “I hear, but I do not understand,” Jim 1 uttered and he repeated the words softly I himself as he peered anxiously through e crack. 1 The Major put more wood on the fire, 1 st dampening it with water from a gourd. *«e flames died down. Vaguely, through rmids of smoke, Jim saw his baas take up fiosition to the right of the cave’s opening. 4|d then he grinned as understanding rflne to him. His baas was holding a re- 'Wver in his hand; he was crouching fflhtly on the balls of his feet; he was Ady to strike. .^At'/nn-alal-fkarn-ol/havi-fkant. Literally. Cliild-frcl-nnt- . not; the thing without hands or led Name given by ■■no Wmi CoJ»t tribes to snakes—particularly python*. Jim wailed his charm dolorously and re- peated the phrase again and yet again. There was fear, loathing arid an appeal for help in his voice. Outside, the two guards held a hasty consultation, then— had not Mondara expressly ordered that 110 harm was to come to the white man, yet? —they rushed into the hut. The first passed the Major before he could strike, heading for that part of the dimly lit cave from which came the shout of fear. The second man went down like a pole-axed bullock as the Major brought down the long barrel of his revolver on his head. “The snake is here, warrior,” the Major said quietly as the other turned at the thud of his companion's fall. “Drop your spear.” The man looked at him with a grotesque air of bewilderment. He was convinced that the white man was in league with the spirits. The voice had sounded from over there, nowhere near where the white man was standing. And there was no one else in the cave. Then the voice must have been that of one of the Spirits. Even so, the warrior was of a mind to try conclu- sions with the Major; for the moment he feared the Spirits less than he feared the wrath of Mondara. He shortened his hold on his assegai and crept stealthily forward. “Stand!” the Major ordered sharply and cursed under his breath when the native still came forward. He knew that the warrior’s life was in his hands. He had only to squeeze the trigger of his revolver and the stalwart, menacing form would be lifeless flesh and bone. But, apart from the fact that tlie Major knew the report would raise an alarm and bring others to the attack—thus ruining his plan of escape—he was averse o	killing. The warrior was very near now, his hand was going slowly back. In a moment, the Major knew, he would rush in to the at- tack. And then a weird, moaning noise came from the crack. The warrior turned in alarm and at that moment the Major closed in 011 him. The struggle that ensued was a very short one. The Major’s strength was more than a match for the warrior’s— giant of a man though he was—and, be- sides, the native was defeated already by superstitious fear. In a very little while the Major had him down on the floor of the cave, gagged and bound with the same ropes that, early in tlie day, had bound SHORT STORIES him. Rising from his task, he saw that Tim was performing a like task with the other native who was beginning to show signs of returning consciousness. “And now what, Baas?” the Hottentot asked happily. Directly after his cry which had taken the warrior off his guard, he had emerged from the passageway and entered the cave at its entrance. “Now," said the Major, “we will go out- side and play that we are the guards." A few moments later they were squat- ting on their haunches beside the fire out- side the cave. They were enveloped from head to foot in skin blankets. Presently there was a sound of booted feet coming up the steep path, and a mo- ment later Mondara came into sight. He had no torch, and in his hands he carried a large tin money box. He walked fur- tively, continually looking over his shoul- der as if afraid of being followed. When he came still nearer and full into the cir- cle of light thrown by the fire, the Major saw that his face was strained, the pupils of his eyes dilated, and that beads of sweat stood out on his forehead. The Major pulled his skin blanket closer about him. Under its cover he held his revolver, ready for use. “Dogs!" Mondara said angrily as he neared. “Do you dare to sit in my pres- ence? I-” He turned suddenly and drawing his re- volver aimed at some invisible point in the darkness beyond the fire gleam. So he stood for a moment and then shrugging his shoulders as if in derision at vague half formed fears, he hurried on, rounding the angle made by the Stone Image and van- ished from sight. “ I wonder what was the matter with the blighter?" the Major mused. “He acted as if he were afraid of being followed. Shouldn’t be at all surprised if he hadn’t robbed the treasury, as it were, and is afraid that they are on his trail. Perhaps I should have tackled him then—but no, I think not. On his return, though-” They waited for a while in a silence so profound that Jim was afraid the beating of his heart must be heard by the inhabi- tants of all the world. Then, from the cave on the other side of the Stone Image, came a confuscd murmur of voices. A woman’s voice, soft, almost caressing and then the .voice of Mondara shrill) blatantly triumphant. “Good night. Miss Alice," they heard him say. “Tomorrow, then, at sunrise.” The Major and Jim arose to their feet and crept nearer to the Stone Image. They heard Mondara exchange a cmdi jest with the guards and then the soui« of his footsteps coming toward them. Suddenly down in the valley of the cnue there sounded the deep, menacing boom i drums. Lights flickered about the valley .vhrtll voices sounded giving orders. Th lights massed together, advanced towa the cliff. The next moment Momla rushed hastily round the Idol directly in the arms of the Major and Jim who we waiting for him. He was badly frightened and liad en- tirely lost his self-possession. “Let me go, let me go,” he screamed the vernacular. “They have found me oti Let me go.” He clawed at them with his naked hatu In his terror he had forgotten all about revolver and the thin veneer of dvilizati had entirely gone from him. He v/as no only a puny, badly frightened savage. “Let me* go,” he cried again. "1 i'.t have found it out.” “Found what out?” the Major asked qt etlv, also in the vernacular, and he sho Mondara much as a terrier shakes a rat. “I killed the keeper of the treasury Mondara gasped. “And now the Gfl Ones have set the avengers on my trai Let me go before it is too late.” “Hold him, Jim,” the Major said tertf and leaving Mondara in the firm grasps the Hottentot, the Major made his \va along the path to the other cave. That he was confronted by the two guards vi, watched over the cave in which the prorefr sor and the girl were imprisoned. The menaced him with their spears but back at the sight of the revolver in his han hacked at his order into the cave, th hands held high above their heads. T professor and the girl ran to greet the M jor with exclamations of gratitude ai wonder. They showered him with tions. “There is no time for explanations no\V he said roughly. “Bind these two Jota nies, Professor, and then we will have run.”	; It was quickly done and as quickly the 10 IDOLS ft the cave, hastening hack to where Jim id Mondara awaited them. The shouts [ the people sounded nearer, the place was luminated by the gleam of many torches. “Hurry, hurry,” Mondara almost reamed. “In a little while it will be too “Let him go, Jim,” the Major ordered, ind see that you keep close to his heels.” As Jim released his hold, Mondara i irted through the widespread legs of the i nage and was immediately lost to sight the blackness of the passage beyond. With a cry of, “Follow swiftly, Baas, e path is smooth,” the Hottentot hastened ter him. "Follow Jim,” the Major said to Alice id the professor. “I will bring up the ;ar” The Major was about to follow them hen a spear whizzed by his head. The rlajor fired swiftly at the onrushing war- : ors, checking them, and then sped hastily •	rough the black depths of the tunnel. : atching up with the professor and Alice, : tising their nearness in the gloom, he •_*ged them to better speed. \ Ahead of them was the blackness of the it, behind them the warriors, yelling fierce reats, their torches stabbing the darkness ith points of yellow light. An assegai uttered on the rock just behind the Ma- " “You and Alice go on,” the professor ■isped. “I am all in, let me have a revol- "T and I’ll hold them back.” The Major's answer was to pick up the . tie man in his arms and with a curt i !arry on,” to the girl, they continued their 'ght. To the professor he gave one of s revolvers and his burden fired at inter- .ls whenever a yelling warrior came to o	close quarters. Ahead of them they i uld hear the shrill piping voice of Mon- ra; the deep booming voice of Jim, the tottentot, echoed back strangely in the dim i died passage like the roar of a maddened >J1. Behind them sounded the fierce cries the pursuing warriors, the fumes of Awder mixing with the smoke from the 'ches stung their nostrils. '■ At last they caught up to Jim, the Hot- ! not. “Is Mondara with you?” the Majoi- ned. ‘“Ya, Baas,” Jim said grimly. “At first ' was very fast but once I had caught up flth him the rest was easy. Not once has e point of my knife been farther than a Ur’s breadth from the great vein in his ftk.” “Good,” the Major said tersely. “Keep it there. And the tin box? Where is that?” ‘ Mondara carries it.” Jim answered. The pursuers seemed to have slackened their speed and were falling farther be- hind. Undoubtedly the professor’s shoot- ing, erratic though it was, had greatly dis- couraged them. “And that is a good thing,” said Jim, “for soon we come to the bridge I told you of, and I do not want to hurry over that.” As he spoke Mondara stumbled, and fell to his hands and knees. Jim groped through the darkness after him, but in vain. Crawling several paces on his hands and knees Mondara had evaded him, and then, rising to his feet, ran forward at full speed. His mocking laugh came back (to them through the darkness. “I will get him, Baas,” Jim cried and hastened forward. A few minutes later a tiny flame of light appeared ahead of them, and they saw that Mondara, with a lighted torch in his hand, was halfway across the rope bridge. W ithout any hesi- tation Jim started to cross, too, making the bridge swing precariously. “Back,” Mondara snarled and aimed his revolver full at the Hottentot, but just as he was about to press the trigger Jim jumped violently up and down. The fran- tic swaying caused Mondara to drop the tin box in his endeavor to retain his bal- ance. With a cry of rage Mondara fired three shots in rapid succession. Two of the shots went wide, but the third seared Jim’s ribs and the shock of it almost caused him to lose his hold. Before Mondara could fire again, the Major’s revolver spoke, and Mondara hung limply for a moment to the ropes and then gradually, almost imperceptibly, his stiffened fingers opened and with a wild animal-like scream he dropped into the pit. For a little while they could follow his fall, lightened by the flame of the torch, then it, too, vanished and they were left once again in the dark- ness. “Are you all right, Jim?” the Major asked anxiously. “Ya, Baas,” Jim replied mournfully. “Only once again I’m at fault. Mondara has escaped me; and he has taken the stones with him.” The Major laughed happily. The po- tential wealth the tin box had contained meant nothing, less than nothing, when weighed in the balance with the safety of Jim.	_	. i “They are coming. Major,” the girl 68 SHORT STORIES warned, and the Major with a startled look over his shoulder saw that the pursuers were very near. He fired rapidly, aiming at the ground l>efore them. He liad no desire to kill. The tunnel was filled with the whine of bullets. "Is the bridge sate, Jim? he asked. “Ya, Baas and it is easier to cross it in the dark than with a light. In the dark one cannot see what will happen if a foot goes astray. I'm now on the other side, come quickly.” A few moments later the girl had crossed in safety and the Major, with the professor now on his back, had also made the dan- gerous crossing. Almost as soon as the Major’s feet had reached the solid ground Jim hacked away at the main ropes supporting the bridge.; “This is quicker, Jim,'’ said the Ma-' jor and fired point blank at the thick strands. They parted and the bridge drop- ped uselessly,’hanging to its stays on the opposite side. “Now v/e can go on at our own pace,” the Major announced gaily, and laughed at the infuriated yells of the warriors whose farther progress was halted by the broken bridge. “Go back to the Great Ones,” the Major shouted in the language of the natives. “Tell them their secret is safe with us so long as they refrain from deeds of blood- shed.” “Our quarrel is not with you,” a war- rior answered, “but with Mondara—the dog! He killed the keeper of the treasure. He-” “He will work no more evil,” the Ma- jor answered gravely. “If this pit has a bottom—look for him there. There you will find him and the things he stole.” IT WAS sunrise. Jim the Hottentot squatted by the campfire, cooking the' morning meal. From the frying-pan came the pleasing odor of bacon. A coffee pot simmered nearby. Wrapped in blan- kets not far away the girl and her uncle slept peacefully. Presently a cheerful whistle sounded be- yond the bushes which fringed the *camp clearing and the Major appeared. He was clean-shaved and dressed immaculately. Do they still sleep. Jim?” he asked.' , a* Baas, not even the smell of food* wakens them. They must r>e tired indeed.” “Without doubt.” the Major said. “But what of you, you old heathen, are you never tired, are you not tired now?” “Why should 1 be, I have done nothin The Major Jaughed. “No,” he drawled in English, “you done nothing. All you have done is tt save my life and the life of Miss Alice an the professor.” Then, in the vernacular, “Jim?” “Ya, Baas?” “W'here is the little red idol?” Jim fumbled in the tangled mop of h hair and from it took the little wood* image which had first set their feet on t] trail which led them to the Mountains the Moon. He spat in disgust as he h it out to the Major on the palm of his han “I do not want it, Jim,” the Major sai ;“Keep it, it is your reward.” Jim spat again and then threw the into the fire. “So may all evil end, Baas,” he said a happy grin. The Major nodded. “When did the carriers leave this place he asked Jim. '‘Yesterday morning, before sunn Baas. But yesterday morning seems ten thousand years ago.” “Nevertheless, Jim,” the Major respon ed with a chuckle, “it was only yes ten morning, and, if we hurry, traveling 1 we may catch up with them.” “That was in my thoughts, too, BaasJ . “And, once we have caught up w them,” the Major continued, “I can p Suade some of them to return here for rest of the packs.” “W’hen the baas persuades, no one • say him nay.” Jim said. “Exactly! After that—the rest will easy.” “But what is the rest?” Jim asked anx iously. “We take the Miss Alice and her u to a white man’s 'settlement.” “And after that. Baas? After th “Wfhy, after that, Jim, we will wan up and down this land, sleeping where night finds us, eating whatever 'may fall our guns, living-”	j “Ya, Baas,” Jim interrupted. "Tl is living. But we will come no more i this place of cold winds and bottomH pits?” “No, Jim. Where the. wind blows, th6 we will go.” "And we will play the game, Baas Jim meant the game of I. D. B. “Ma}'be, Jim. Who knows? B] without doubt, we will play whatever ganl is set before us.” _ THE BLACK SQUALL By RALPH R. PERRY Author of “All Set for Halifax,” etc. THE STORY OF HIGH DAYS ON THE HIGH SEAS, THE DEEP SEA TRADI- TION AS SHOWN BY THE LITTLE SKIPPER OF A YANKEE CLIPPER AND THE SINGLE-TRACK MIND OF THE FARMER AMONG HIS CREW [T AIN'T fitten for a hog ter eat,” said Bennett, and looked from man to man around the circle of sailors gath- ered in the foc’sle of the ship JVin- throp for the midday meal. Each i ad a wooden mess kid between his knees nd a spoon in his hand, but none, as yet, ad made a move to eat the cracker hash ipped from the big mess kid, made of a ; utter tub sawed in half, that stood in the •^nter of the deck. “ “A hog, no, tier a skunk nuther, couldn’t i-and ther smell,” pronounced Bennett in a ■	asal New Hampshire drawl when he saw ?is shipmates agreed with him. Ordinarily jjsse big, slow-moving sailor had little to ny. He had left his father’s farm eigh- ".ten months before, in the spring of 1835, nd shipped aboard the IVinthrop as a rreenhorn. A voyage around the Horn to i*ie mouth of the Columbia River for furs, ;ience to China for silks and tea, and back "ound the Horn again to twenty degrees ;orth latitude, had made a sailor of him; >ut not one competent to lead a foc’sle 1 mncil or decide when hash made of salt •feef three years in the cask became unfit Wr foremast food. “ 'Tain’t no plum duff,” corroborated rthro, the cook of the foc’sle. He was 10	69 a Gay Header, and his copper skin and sinewy strength marked him as one of the little colony of Indians on Nantucket who supplied so many prime sailors to Yankee clippers. “When we knocked in the head of the cask and was hoistin’ it to the main- top I thought it was pretty strong. How- somever—” Jethro stabbed his spoon into the mess as much as to say that it was eat this or go -empty, but even he made a wry face as the mouthful approached his nose, and grimaced as he swallowed it. “ ’N’ I ain't a-goin’ to eat it, nuther,” said Bennett in stubborn determination, getting to his feet. “I’m a-goin’ to Cap’n Esten, I be, and I’m a-goin’ to tell him ’tain't fitten ter feed a sailor such stuff.” “Hi, belay that,” warned Jethro, amid stir and murmur of alarm throughout the foc’sle. “Ye fule, Mr. Decker’ll just knock ye down!” But driven by the anger of a long-suffer- ing man smarting under injustice, the other had run up the foc’sle ladder and was on his way aft before any one of a half dozen outstretched hands could catch and detain him. From the forecastle as far aft as the mainmast he walked swiftly, but as he ap- proached nearer and nearer the quarter- 70 SHORT STORIES deck his pace slackened. Captain Esten and Mr. Bull Decker, first mate, both were in sight, standing back to back near the wheel fiddling with their quadrants while they prepared to take a meridian altitude of the sun, so nearly overhead they could not be sure whether the angle with the hori- zon should be measured from the north or the south. Neither was a man to be ap- proached by a seaman for a trivial cause, and to add to Bennett’s reluctance to in- terrupt the officers engaged in the mysteri- ous business of shooting the sun, the weather was threatening. The Win t hr op lay in a belt of flat calm, with all sails set and hanging limply from the yards. Here and there a faint cats- paw was ruffling the surface of the sea, and a moment or two before one of these light puffs must have filled the sails, for the ship still kept steerage way. Yet wind was coming. Overhead the sun still shone bright and hot, but to the westward a black mass of thundercloud had climbed up al- most to the zenith. In ten minutes or so the sun would be blotted out, there would be a squall of wind and a torrent of rain, not long in duration, but of gale intensity; and even to Bennett's by no means acute perception it was high time for the Win- throp to shorten sail. Yet though his fin- gers tightened about the mess kid, he crossed the quarterdeck and stopped an arm’s length from the officers, waiting awk- wardly for them to notice him. Simul- taneously, as the sun dipped from its ze- nith, the two lowered their quadrants. “What are yer doin’ aft? Git forward where ye belong,” growled Decker. Bennett/s face reddened, largely from embarrassment, for in spite of his size he was shy and speech was not easy to him; hut he stood his ground, though he knew it was ever a word and a blow with Decker. The mate had first gone to sea as a fore- mast hand and fought his way aft to the quarterdeck by the bull strength of his shoulders. He had a surly pride in the scars fifteen years of fighting had left on nis face. A broken nose, the front teeth Kone from both jaws where a second mate had smashed him in the mouth with a be- aying pin, off Java Head long ago. He had spat out the teeth that day’, kicked the teet from under his assailant while he lay on the deck, and then jumped up and used his boots so savagely the mate spent the rest ot the voyage knitting broken ribs. Decker got his berth. Bennett was a big man, six feet tall and weighing over two hundred, and though his broad face expressed good nature n than the implacability of a fighter, Deck distrusted all big men who might win motion as he had done, at his expense, was his habit to manhandle them early the voyage to ease his mind, but Benn had gone into the starboard or secot mate’s watch and there had been no portunity. Now Dccker licked his lips anticipation, and his big fi:>ts closed skn “I want ter speak ter the cap'n, sir,” lie nett persisted. Decker gathered hims together, but Captain Esten, by a quick stc forward, spoiled his chance for an urn pected rush. “Go forward,” snapped the skipp “What do you mean by coming aft w we’ve got to shorten sail!” Still Bennett stood his ground. “This hash ain’t fitten fer a Christian eat,” he said stubbornly. “Thet salt is sp’iled, Cap’n, and yer kin smell it yerself.” Esten snatched the kid from the sailn hands, looked, sniffed, tossed its cont< over the rail, and thrust the wooden back into Bennett’s fingers. “Now you don’t have to eat it. Get ward,” he ordered. “Cap’n, ’tain’t—” Bennett persist* when with a bellow Decker leaped for neck. Both the mate’s hands reached out the back of the sailor’s head. He inten to catch Bennett by the collar of checked calico shirt, and by a sudden smash the sailor’s face against his skull, but with both hands Bennett th out the mess kid like a battering ram.j struck Decker in the chest, and stor him, though the force of the rush kn< the kid from the sailor’s hands. “I’m a-goin’, sir!” he cried. “I mean no disrespect, Cap'n-” “Stop it, Mister,” Esten snapped, tried to catch Decker by the shoulder, the latter tore away and leaped for Be again, lists swinging. One the blocked with a hastily raised forearm other struck him in the ribs with a th1 like a maul hitting a barrel. Still he his feet, and a push of his open right h against Decker’s throat sent the male s gering back as far as the wheel. "Doan’t ye!” cried Bennett. Men of foc’sle tales in which sailors had b kicked into insensibility, shot, spr( eaglet! by the thumbs and flogged for, less than he had done terrified him, bir Decker recovered and closed in, Ben shut both eyes and struck with all THE BLACK SQUALL ght. His fist crashed solidly against ue, a body struck the deck, and when a vmd passed without a further assault de upon him, Bennett opened his eyes. The rim of stormcloud had covered the 1 and the IVinthrop was suddenly in sha- v. Decker lay sprawled flat on his back he helmsman’s feet, insensible, with only white showing between his half opened lids. Knocked out completely; and ttain Esten was staring at Bennett in lzement. Only for an instant—then his h snapped together and his black eyes hed. Mr. Hayes! Boatswain!” he shouted, rail his officers to his assistance. Jehind Bennett there was a thump as a ch was clapped on, the slam of the bolt (oting home, and Jethro glided past him confront the skipper, t He didn't mean it, sir,” said the Gay ider. His brown face was impassive, only the glitter of his black eyes bore •less to intense excitement. ‘‘I clapped the cabin hatch and the officers can^t on deck, Cap’n Esten, ’cause he didn't n mutiny, sir, he didn’t.” 'he cabin hatch shook as the imprisoned «rs beat on its under surface with their In the breathless hush over the un that precedes the breaking of a black dl in thunder and rain their half muffled its were audible. Captain Esten, alone r his quarterdeck, recoiled a pace. He still holding his quadrant, and he bent •n slowly to place it in the binnacle as igh its safety were his first considera- hough skipper, Esten was only twenty- Slender, of medium height, not yet ned to his full strength, once it came to ■rs he would be a child in the hands of ^r of the two sailors; yet he was master le ship, whose will was law on the high Given time he might iron these mu- ts, shoot them if he wished. Mr. •es and the petty officers would break way onto deck soon. The crew had the foc’sle, but they stood irresolute by rmainmast, too awed by his authority the force, alloat and ashore, which he ded, to take part in Jethro’s defiance, ett was white-faced, and Jethro him- tood with his arms folded. The Gay er’s face was set and determined, but jped to avoid violence. That Esten t a glance, porarily he was helpless, but he 1 deal with the mutineers later. Now, ist take in sail before the squall blew of the bolt ropes. He took two quick 71 strides to the starboard rail so that Ben- lett and Jethro were no longer between him and the crew. "Clew royals and t’gallants,” he shouted. “All hands take in sail!” ‘'No! Belay that!” Jethro shouted, wheeling in his turn. “I’ll break the head of the first man to touch a rope.” The crew hesitated. A negro pushed out of the crowd and started for the main t’gallant down haul, but a lanky sailor caught him by the collar and pulled him back. “Lively!” Esten shouted, and started forward to enforce his order only to meet Jethro breast to breast. “It ain’t mutiny,” exclaimed the latter, his words tumbling over one another as he talked swiftly to take advantage of the few seconds remaining before the squall broke. “Bennett’s my shipmate, Cap'n, and he’s a greenhorn that don’t hardly know his ropes yet. I won’t have him thumped or flogged for somethin’ he didn’t mean!” “It weren’t fitten fer a Christian ter eat,” muttered Bennett. “D'ye think I’ll let a foremast hand come it over me?” whispered Esten. The blood throbbed over his cheekbones in his fierce, dark face till he suggested a red hawk poised to swoop. “D’ye think I can pass open mutiny? By the Lord Harry, no!” “Then do what you like to me later, but you’ll see every stick and rag go off this ship in the next minute!” Jethro cried. “It's your first ship! How'll it feel to be dismasted? What’ll old Stony Esten say when his son comes into Salem, caught in a squall? And by cripes, Cap’n, that hash was vile, and Mr. Decker's a nigger slave driver. Pass your word .—AV-	to let him off, '7	.sir! He’ll work —I’ll work! We c'n still get in royals and t’gan- ’sles!” The head of the squall loom- ed over them, the whirling clouds of its forefront bespeaking the force of the wind to come. Esten spared it one glance, and then his eye jumped from mast to mast, each clothed in canvas, and settled on the crew, standing at the shrouds ready to go aloft, fearful of the outcome, but never- theless standing behind Jethro. The first strong puff of wind that heralded the squall 7^ SHORT STORIES ruffled the sea, the sails filled with a slap of7anva7and\ creak of the blocks as .he running rigging drew taut. There was still time to take in sail, but already it was the last possible moment. "No1 >aid Esten. “Talk of my father, will you? He’d rather I’d sink the ship than see his son strike his colors to a damn copper-colored sand-llea of a foremast hand. Dismast her if you like, but when this squall’s over I'll deal with you and Bennett as I see fit." Jethro shrugged and folded Ins arms. Esten did the same and faced the sailor; and the two waited, eye meeting eye. Both were pale, both feared what was to hap- pen, but hoped that at the last moment the other would lack nerve and yield. “I didn’t go fer to hit Mr. Decker,” Ben- nett began. "Be still!” snapped Esten and Jethro, together. In the heart of the cloud the lightning flashed, a white line of tossing waves, clear against the gloom to windward, became vis- ible and raced toward the ship. “Here’s the wind, sir,” Jethro warned. “Let it come,” said Esten. THEN the squall knocked the Win- throp down. It struck her towering canvas with a bellow of wind and a deluge of rain. It tore her main royal from the bolt ropes and sent it kiting off to leeward, the fore royal yard cracked before the sail ripped to tatters. The rest of the rigging held and the force of the squall heeled the ship to starboard, over and down till the sea rose over the starboard rail and foamed half across the deck amid- ships, and the masts were all but flat upon the water. The ship struggled to rise, but the force of the wind held her prostrate, and during that first tremendous gust of the storm, when it blew a gale without a second's lull, the Winthrop was all but on her beam ends. Better for her if her sails had gone, for once down a ship will rarely rise again. On the poop the man at the wheel kept his footing, but Esten, Jethro, and Bennett were flung in a heap against the lee rail. Decker slid across the deck after them, and as the rail dipped, might have gone over the side had not Jethro caught him by the waistband of his trousers and held’ him aboard. Pushing the mate, who stirred and muttered as the cold salt water began to revive him, to Bennett’s arms, Jethro scrambled along the steep deck and pulled Esten out of the water. “Hard up—put your helm hard up!” skipi>er yelled. The helmsman heard, and the w turned, but with the ship on her beam and making no way through the water, would not answer to her rudder. “Got to get sail off her,” Jethro shou in the captain’s ear. Esten shook the wet black liair out his eyes and rose to his knees to peer f ward through the rain that half conceal the ship. A few of the crew were cli ing to the main shrouds, others lay behi the j>ort bulwarks, holding onto the pin with hands and teeth. "Can’t do it,” the c ptain replied, si ing, though Jethro was not a yard away, order to make himself heard. “Deck's t< steep to work the downhauls or brac< He paused, angry that he had answered seaman at all. “What do you care? Y< got what you wanted,” he yelled. Jethro shook his head. "Not mutii he shouted back. “Had to stand by a sbf mate—I can cut away the masts, sir.” “No! Give her a chance to rise- father built this ship!” Esten yelled. “Cs blow like this long. Sails’ll go, but rather lose them than the sticks. W1 got into you Jethro?” “I won’t eat that hash, but I’ll do duty, sir,” bellowed Bennett before shipmate could answer. “Will ye he Mr. Decker, sir? He's cornin’ arou Thrusting the struggling mate into tl skipper’s arms, Bennett crawled oyer Jethro. The latter shouted something his ear and the two began to work t! way forward off the poop and into tl waist. Here they crawled to the crcw. Jethro reached the side of the lanky saiffl and shouted in his ear. The latter shot his head, evidently refusing to release I grip and move from his place of safet and the Gay Header struck him in the fa The sailor let go, slid down the deck in the lee rail, and crawled forward, rubbil a bruised jaw. Meanwhile Bennett hi pulled two men from the rail by rna strength, and drove them before him ward the foc’sle. Still the wind blew without cessatio and the Winthrop was held on her bea ends. Esten dragged Decker as far as 1 wheel and draped him around the binnacl and then, to his surprise, saw Bennett ail Jethro come crawling back. “I close hauled the jib and fore staysail panted the Gay Header in his ear. “They bring her head around if she rises and mi can scud before it, ’Twon’t blow long 10 THE BLACK SQUALL “That's well,” said the skipper. “We’ll save her yet, lad!” He smiled with stern approval and added. “Sorry you mutinied, and trying to curry favor eh?” "No,” said the sailor. “But I ain’t noth- ing against you or your ship, sir. Only ’tain’t right to flog a greenhorn, sir, and Decker had a grudge.” “Decker can kill his own snakes,” re- joined the skipper. “But it’s irons for you, my lad.” Jethro only shrugged. Then, with sud- den excitement he shouted, “She rises, sir !” Rising she was. The first fury of the squall was slackening, the rain fell harder, but the wind dropped, and the Winthrop’s trucks slowly lifted from the sea. As she rose the close hauled jib caught the wind, and began to drag her head around, helped by the rudder. “She’s a fine vessel—watch her, sir!” Jethro breathed. “None better than the Esten ships,” boasted the skipper, and gripped the sailor’s shoulder in excitement. Like a tired man the Winthrop rose erect and fell off before the squall. Aloft the mizzen t’gallant split in two, yards bucked and slatted, for though Jethro tried to drive the crew to the braces they were shaken by their narrow escape, loath to be plucked from their handholds, and in any case there was no time to trim the yards. But the ship bore the squall’s fury, yards whipped, the over-strained backstays hum- med and boomed, she gathered way, and went streaking through the water. Once more the squall came down in full force, until the vessel put her lee rail awash and jumped ahead while Jethro threw back his head and yelled in sheer excitement and delight. His yell was echoed from the poop, where Esten steered, his teeth set and shin- ing white, struggling with a bucking, twist- ing wheel that was far too much for the skipper’s light weight, even aided by the helmsman, until Bennett understood the crisis and threw his great bulk on the lee wheel. Ten minutes of wild sailing, and then, with a final whoop, the wind dropped to a steady breeze, the sun popped out, and the black squall went roaring off to leeward, leaving a troubled sea that slowly smoothed, and a breath of breeze that wafted the ship •along at a bare two knots an hour. By the wheel Decker pulled himself erect and felt his jaw. “Squall’s blew over, hey?” he muttered, the words wheezing and hissing through the gap in his front teeth. “An’ where’s 73 that Bennett? Ye tamed him, did ye, Cap’n?” “Yes, squall’s over,” replied Esten shortly. Between middle-aged mate and young master there was no love lost, for when old Stony Esten put the Winthrop in command of his son, because all smart Salem lads captained ships when they reached their majority, he had sent the mate along “to keep an eye on things.” Nothing had ever been said of this, either by Stony or the two officers, but the younger man knew and resented it. “And a fine hurrah’s nest the squall left, didn’t it—all your doing, Decker,” the cap- tain reproached. “Bennett? He’s forward, sending up a new fore royal yard. You’ve met a better man, Decker,” Esten added with relish. “Not me, sir,” growled the mate, but his hand continued to caress his jaw, and he made no move to go forward. “How'd he come to git past ye, and the sail still spread?” “That’s my business,” said the skipper sharply. "Like it was when you jumped at a man when he was still talking to me. Lemme tell you, Mister, the Estens can kill their own snakes and don't need help of a mate a foremast hand can knock down. You began it—watch me finish it, now.” With the passing of the squall the crew had turned to with a will and the damage aloft was al- ready partially cleared. Once the job was in hand Jethro slid down the shrouds and walked aft to the quarter- deck, stopping at the hatch to knock back the bolt and release the imprisoned officers. They rushed out, led by the tall, lanky Hayes, the sec- ond mate, and began an angry and excited bab- b 1 e that Esten stilled with a n upraised hand, for Jethro had faced the skipper. The Gay Header’s arms were folded, in his level black eyes was neither defiance nor a plea for mercy. He was waiting. The SHORT STORIES 74 captain hardened his lips. Fore and aft men stood still, straining their ears for his first word, and over the ship’s side the ground swell kicked up by the squall slap- ped loudly against the hull. _ “Who's master aboard this ship? Es- ten demanded.	, “I don’t know—yet/’ Jethro dared. De- pends what's done—now. There’s moren one idea in the afterguard.” “Get the irons,” said Esten. Though his eyes never left the sailor’s the com- mand was addressed to the second mate, but it was Decker who hurried below, his tongue licking his bruised lips, and when he reappeared with the handcuffs he also carried a three-foot length of rope, knotted at one end to give it weight and make sure of breaking the skin when it fell across a naked back. Jethro’s eyes began to glit- ter dangerously. “You refused to obey an order,” the cap- tain charged. “You cost me a royal yard, two royals, and a t’g’an’sle. Got anything to say?" “No!” said Jethro. “Hold out your hands!” The sailor’s eyes flashed, glanced right and left, then, seeing the hopelessness of resistance, he extended his wrists and Esten slipped the heavy manacles upon them. “Also you pulled Mr. Decker back over the side and shortened sail,” the captain continued as though it were a part of his indictment. The key turned in the cuffs, first left, then right. “Three days in irons in the sail locker. Get below.” “You’re master, Captain Esten,” he said, with stem approval, and turned on his heel. “By the bull o’ Barney, Cap’n!” shouted the outraged Decker. “Sail locker? He’ll just caulk off there all day, snoozin’ on his back, warm and snug! You ain’t even fastened them irons—he c’n slip ’em off in a jiffy. Here—here’s the medicine fer a mutinous dog!” He shook the knotted rope’s end. “When I want your advice I’ll ask for •hU ster Decker,” said the skipper. Maybe you know who’s master here, hey? ' The little captain stepped forward, his angry eyes looked up into the mate’s surly face, and Decker subsided, muttering. “Be- sides, your turn s coming” Esten promised with saturnine humor. “Send Bennett aft.’* More slowly even than at noon, when the black squall still hung over the ship, the big sailor obeyed. On the way he passed Jethro; but the latter’s whisper to keep a stiff upper lip fell on deaf ears, for the stubborn, slow thinking farmer ex- pected the worst. “Sir?” he rumbled when he reached the quarterdeck, pulling his forelock in an awk- ward sea salute. “You knocked Mr. Decker down,” Es- ten snapped. “I didn’t go fer ter do it,” grumbled the sailor sullenly. "He hit at me, he did, and-” “Belay that!” interrupted the captain. "There’s never been blowing or striking on the Esten ships cept when a man talks back or refuses duty. You going to re- fuse duty?” “No, sir," the big man shook his head I slowly, his* blue eyes wide. “I never, sir, I only-” “See you remember,” warned the skip- J per. "That’s all I got to say. Now—if 1 you an’ Mister Decker got anything to set- tle, settle it—and by the Lord Harry, the I best man comes aft!" Out of the corner of his eye the skipper was watching his mate. Decker was a bully, but for all that he was a quick thinker, as the sailor was not. Fresh in his mind was that open j handed shove of Bennett's that had 1 checked his bull rush in mid career, the j blow on the jaw that had stretched him 1 senseless for at least ten minutes. Easy 1 to order Bennett about, risky to face the I issue fist to fist. In that second the mate 1 decided for discretion. “Mind what Cap’n Esten says, and go j for'ard. you.” Decker growled—growled like a big dog that does not dare to bite, j But Bennett lingered. All this talk bewil- dered his slow-witted mind, and he was 1 a man of one idea. “I ain’t had no dinner, sir,” he remon- strated. half stubborn, half humble, “and j that hash wam’t fitten-” “Oh, go forward, go forward,” Esten j chuckled. “ ‘Thet hash,’ and that beef was \ spilled when the squall had us on our beam ends—the doctor’s cooking new.” “Thankee, sir, thankee,” said Bennett, 1 and went forward with a grin on his broad face, the sunlight which followed the squall warm on his back. A FRESH RECRUIT By HERBERT L. McNARY Author of "Fighting Fishermen” "Tied Races,” etc. PEP WAS WHAT THE BIG LEAGUE GREEN SOX NEEDED. THEY HAD EVERYTHING ELSE. AND THEN “STATION WOW" CONNORS WAS SIGNED UP, AND-BUT READ FOR YOURSELF MYER GOTTENBERG, tailor by trade, waited anxiously for the first customer of the morning to walk off and for- get his paper. The customer obliged and Myer pounced on the journal and turned eagerly to the sporting page. His eager eyes danced behind thick lenses and in a moment he was rubbing his slim hands in glee as he read where the Green Sox had been walloped lo defeat in the ninth inning by the Whales. And such ostentatious joy on the part of Myer was not easily understandable. For, in the first place, far from being a supporter of the victorious Whales or even a resident of the Whales’ home town, Myer, as a mat- ter of fact, lived in the big league town represented by the vanquished Green Sox. And anyway, Myer knew less about base- ball than he did about the Einstein theory. To understand Myer’s gladsome emo- tion one would have had to know or have some knowledge of Manager “Sliding Pat” Nulty of the Green Sox. Pat Nulty used to be a fair base stealer, in the days of his youth, but he never ac- quired the cognomen of “Sliding” until he became a bench manager. Manager Nulty controlled his team from the dugout. Fur- thermore he never wore the togs of an active player. Instead he arrayed himself in civilians, usually blue, and sat on the bench. And there he needed considerable room, for when the breaks went against 10 the Green Sox, Manager Nulty commenced sliding up and down the bench. All of " which was very detrimental to the seat of his trousers, which latter misfortune, in turn, was very profitable to his tailor, Myer Gotten berg. So now you know why Myer always prayed for misfortune lo frown upon the Green Sox, and rejoiced accordingly when it did. Business for Myer had been very good lately. And that afternoon the Sox drop- ped a second game to the Whales. Follow- ing its conclusion Manager Nulty stag- gered into the Green Sox club’s executive offices—and kept close to the wall. “Have all the stenographers gone?” he asked anxiouslv of the club secretary. “Yes. Why?” “I wore out another pair of pants.” And with a shadow of relief dispelling some of the clouds that had permanently settled upon his woebegone countenance. Manager Nulty crossed to the owner’s office. Owner Childs ordinarily had the pa- tience of Job, but the limit had been reached. “Well, are we ever going to win again?” he asked Nulty sourly as that perturbed person dropped into a chair across the desk from him. Nulty shook his head wearily. “I’m be- ginning to doubt it. They’re driving me cuckoo.” “What’s wrong?” complained the owner. “For two years now I’ve been outbidding 75 ;6 SHORT STORIES everyone for the best Won,' in the country! And as far as plugging holes it s like pour- ing water into a sieve. Didn t I pay $30,000 and three players for Betts to plug up third "And the sap has to go and get married on the strength of it,” sighed Manager Nulty, “and half the time he don't know whether he is on third base or the Wash- ington Monument. Then there is Pricker and Corrigan at short and second, always putting the Alphonse and Gaston act. They stick together like two sheets of fly paper. I tried breaking them up as roommates last road trip." “Was that when they hit the slump?” “Yes, and you'd think I’d placed a con- tinent between them. It’s like that with the whole team. They got the mechanical ability, but what good is that. It ain’t like the good old days when a ball player took the game seriously; when if you were caught speaking anything but profane lan- guage to an opponent you were mobbed by your mates, and you had to sneak into the park and leave with a bat in each hand and there were more black eyes in the club than gloves. Maybe .the game is more re- fined now, but just the same it can go too far. Now all the players think about is real estate and automobiles and clothes’and manners. You'd think they were actors. Most of them are at that! I got three Irishmen on the team and I’m ashamed of them. Not an argument in the crowd! What good are a bunch of stars if-" The secretary stuck his head into the room. “Someone to see you, Pat. Says liis name is Dennison.” “Dennison?” A faint glow came into the seamed face of the tired manager. “Send him in.” A moment later Nulty’s counterpart en- tered the room. His eyes were blue where Nulty’s were brown and he was three inches taller and pounds lighter than Nulty, but he was just as manifestly a baseball man as the manager of the Green Sox. Nulty jumped to meet him. Tom, it's one long time since I’ve heard from you!M he grinned, as he pumped his hand. Then he turned to Childs. "Here's one of those old time ball players 1 was jUbt telling you about! He looks as peace- ful as a priest now, and that’s the way he always was off the field; but stick a plug of tobacco in his gob and get him on the dia- mond and Billy the Kid was a saint com- pared to him.” ”ou were some ructious yourself, Pat, 10 in the old Brotherhood days,” grinned Dennison. “You paid more assault fines than I ever did.” “Yeah,” sighed Nulty reflectively, “them were the good old days.” He came back to earth. “And what are you doing now Tom?” “Still in baseball. Owner and manage, of Parkerville team.” There followed a brief hiatus while Nulty sought for some painless method of extracting the location of Parkerville. “It’s in the Tri-County League,” sup- plied Dennison. “Sure, 1 know,” lied Nulty, fooling only* himself. Dennison smiled wistfully. “I don’t wonder you never heard of it, L I own the franchise, but it ain’t worth a jit I And I'm gettin’ along in years now, Pat.” “You want me to help you out?” sup-3 plied Nulty while Childs looked on suspi- : ciously. “Yes, I sure do Pat. You hold the key I to my future. I know where I can get a wonderful ranch out in California for| $20,000. and the doctors say Mary, that’s | my wife, needs the California climate.! Then I’m planning to send both Eddie and! Mildred to college.” Nulty commenced to squirm uneasily,! trying to slide in the chair as he did on the 1 bench. “What do you want me to do?” “I want you to buy a player from me; I that is I want you to persuade Mr. Childs 1 here to buy him.” “How much?” asked Childs sharply. “Stoo.ooo, Mr. Childs." The owner made a sound like a gurgling j brook and slumped in his chair. Nulty gasped like a fish. “What is he, a pitcher?” the manager j finally asked. “No, an infielder.” “What’s his batting average?” “Two-thirty-eight. ” “What? Then lie’s a wonderful fielder , is that it?" “His average for third base was second best in the league.” stated Dennison. “How many games did he play third ?” “Eight.” “Say, Tom,” exclaimed Nulty, “what are you doing, kidding me?” “I never was so serious in my life, Pat. I want that Californian ranch. I'm stak- ing everything on this player. He hasn’t got a baseball asset except maybe being a good or a lucky pinch hitter; but we're leading the league, such as it is, and Crab Connors is the reason. And I know lie’ll A FRESH RECRUIT make you lead this league. I’ve studied the paper accounts of the Green Sox, so that I know the team almost as well as you do, Pat; and I’m telling you that Con- nors will take you out of sixth place and win you the pen- n a 111, because you got the stuff here.” /	“But $100,000 is quite a sum to gamble on a two-thirty- eight minor leaguer,” suggested Childs with veiled sarcasm- “I'm taking the gamble, Mr. Childs. You pay me the $100,000 if you win the pennant—-and the world series will more than make up that amount; or pay me $50,000 if you come second or third, $25,000 if you come fourth, and nothing if you fail to make the first division. Will you gamble with me?” Childs pondered, swinging back and forth in the swivel chair. “Anyone who can put the Green Sox in the first division is worth $25,000 to me,” he said. “I’ll take a chance.” “Thank you, Mr. Childs, and you’re go- ing to pay me that hundred grand, too. Just one thing, Pat; no matter what this Con- nors says, let him get away with it.” “So long as the team climbs,” assented Nulty. CRAB CONNORS joined the Green Sox in Chicago. He came into the ornate lobby of the Ritz looking like a small town sheik wearing Podunk Cor- ners’ conception of Fifth Avenue’s latest in gent’s furnishings. He had a bristly thatch the color of brick dust, two aggres- sive blue eyes and a chin that demanded recognition. The ornateness of the lobby failed to dazzle him as he crossed to the desk and asked for Manager Nulty. The latter had just concluded dinner and was in the lobby. Connors had him pointed out and then advanced upon him. “Say, you’re Manager Nulty, ain’tcha? I’m Connors, your new infielder. When do I eat?” The manager was a bit taken back but remembered his promise not to scatter vituperation on this new recruit. “I’ll get you a room and have something sent up.” “Whadya mean sent up?” demanded 77 Connors. “This is my first whack at a big league chow house and I'm not passing it up for an invalid’s sandwich. Breakfast in the hay may be the works, but I’m no cow ! I want a table once in a while.” “But you can’t go in,” protested Nulty. “It’s past the dinner hour, and you would have to pay a cover charge in the Blue Room.” “Say, are you a manager or an umpire?” snapped the rookie. “Can’t you see them eating in there?” “But they* were in there before the clos- ing hour—hey, where are you going?” “I’m going in an’ eat,” and Connors strode determinedly for the main dining room. A waiter sought to dissuade him with a polite smile; but smiles weren’t stopping Connors. “Out of my way, Greaseball,” he shot out of the corner of his mouth and pushed the astonished waiter aside and tossed him- self into a chair at an empty table. The headwaiter came bustling over. He, too, wore an indulgent smile. “You can’t come in here,” he explained. “Whadya mean I can’t. I’m in here, ain’t I ?” “But—it ees after the hour.” The head- waiter lost his urbanity and became dis- tressed. “Can that chatter. Napoleon. This is a hotel, ain’t it? It’s a public service insti- tution, ain’t it? It’s got a license to satisfy the public’s necessary cravings, ain’t it? Well, it’s got to do that so long as the hotel is open. That’s the law.” The headwaiter stared at him uncompre- hendingly through popping eyes. And then, appreciating that the affair was arousing attention, he quickly summoned a waiter and instructed him to take Connors’ order. Connors consulted the elaborate menu. “We’ll start with some whcatcakes.” The waiter dropped his pencil. “M’sieu, we have ze wheatcakes only at breakfast.” His resentment would have subdued an ordinary man, but Connors only bristled. “Wliadya mean, breakfast? It’s on the menu, ain’t it? Get me the headwaiter. get me the manager, an’ everybody.” Before he got through Connors had about everyone of the hotel staff gathered around his table. The gist of his incon- trovertible argument was this. “If a store makes a mistake and advertises a thousand dollar fur coat for ten bucks. I can go in and get it for ten bucks, can’t 1 ? 1 hat s the law. ain’t it? Well, this is the same, 7» SHORT STORIES ain’t it? It says wheatcakes on the menu, don’t it? You’ve contracted to feed me what's on the menu, ain’t—haven’t you? Where do you aliens get off tryin’ to tell us Americans what the law is?" “Shure, an’ who the divil do ye be cal- lin’ an alien to?” flamed the house detec- tive. only to have the manager restrain him.	, , “Lissun, I ordered wheatcakes and I m going to get ’em, ain’t I ?” The manager and house detective went into consultation and it was decided that Connors was to get his wheatcakes. He got them. Whatever else he got only the manager, house detective and chef knew. Manager Nultv had given Connors in- structions to report to him at ten in the morning, but it was just about this time that Connors solved the method of sleep- ing in a hotel bed. Manager Nulty met him in the lobby when he and some of the players came in from dropping another game to Chicago, and the manager felt about as joyful as a radio fan with five blown out tubes. "Why didn’t you report to the park?” he bellowed, while the regulars gathered around to see the rookie suffer. “Whadya mean report to the park? This is the last day in Chi this trip, ain’t it? I gotta have some time to look the burg over, haven’t I ?” Nulty purpled and threatened to break a blood vessel or two, but only made a rum- bling sound. “Get packed!” he snapped. “We take the eight o’clock train.” Connors made no effort to fraternize with the Green Sox on the train. Instead he flopped into one of the sections not made up and perused a play by play ac- count of the day’s game, one that failed to pay compliments to the men who sat chat- ting or playing cards around him. About the time the train rumbled across into In- diana, the secretary came and stood over him. Connors, you’re in the wrong section. Vou re sleeping in upper seven.” “Whadya mean, upper?” snapped Con- 110aS‘ ™ sleePin’m a lower, ain’t I?” A derisive shout of laughter went up from all the players. Listen, said big Steve Polaski, the first sacker, his amusement tempered with good intentions, “only regulars get the lowers.” Whadya mean, regulars? I’ve been readm this account of today’s game for an hour tryin' to find a regular ball player in the outfit. Six errors, dumb base run- ning. faunin’ in the pinches; why you, you ■1 big squarehead, *	haven't got a hit since they started m a k- i n g base-balls white.” Now, nor- mally, big Po- laski had the disposition of ja Dresden I doll, but a man in a slump is not normal, and the manner in which Connors passed his compliments out of tlie side of his mouth would irritate an alligator. The big player flushed and exclaimed indignantly. “That’s all right, I'm the regular first baseman.” “Regular hookworm, ya mean.” He grabbed the paper and read: “ ‘Polaski failed to cover first and Welsh was safe. Barret and Polaski let Smith's pop fly fall between them and Froman scored from second.’ Why, you big squarehead, you play first like the pyramids play Egypt.” Polaski opened his mouth to retort, but sensing the futility of engaging in verbal combat with this terrier he drew off like a Saint Bernard. “He’ll get that freshness taken out of him.” he grumbled to his mates. It was so long since fists had flown on the Green Sox that it never occurred to Polaski to resort to this method. Dan Horgan, veteran catcher, felt that he owed it to his age, dignity and race to take the young upstart in hand. “One of the first things every rookie is supposed to learn, young man. is to hold his tongue.” he instructed in the compelling tones of a traffic cop. “Whadya mean, hold my tongue? You’re a fine one to tell me not to talk! You’re Dumb Dan Horgan. ain’tcha? Tlie guy what talked an umpire into takin’ a game away from you?” Horgan turned the colors of the rain- bow. Connors had referred—as succinctly as it ever had been—to the one sore spot in Horgan’s life; and ball players need to make but one. Several j'ears ago Horgan had involved an umpire in dispute despite the fact that the Green Sox had a lead of four runs in an important game. In the’ ninth the umpire called a mail out at the plate. The runner protested vigorously that Horgan had not touched him. Hor- gan. to embarrass the umpire, substantiated the runner; and the umpire in rage re- versed his decision, whereupon the team A FRESH came to life and put over five runs and Horgan learned where he had talked him- self out of a game. Now he had been re- minded of it by one of his own team, and a rookie at that. Joe Kane, centerfi elder, came in from another car and was informed of the roo- kie's intention to occupy a lower his first night traveling. "Try and get in one,” challenged Kane. "Try and keep me out of one,” retorted Connors and dove into the nearest berth, which happened to have been assigned to Glenn, the big right fielder. It was up to the easy-going outer gardener to get him out, and Glenn scratched his head over the problem, for he had no desire to have his pedigree analyzed nor his diamond trans- gressions caustically reviewed. The Green Sox goaded big Glenn into action and his resentment smouldered not so much against Connors as against his mates. “I never thought I roomed with a guy that was yellow,” declared Homer Cottle who patroled the left fields in the summer time and the Georgia savannahs in the winter. "Who’s yellow, you big Cracker,” and Glenn exchanged the first harsh words with his buddy in three years. “I’ll get him out when I’m ready to hit the hay.” Eventually Glenn decided to retire and a squabble ensued in his berth. Assisted by others he plucked out the kicking Connors and tossed him into upper seven. Connors poked his head through the green curtain and for twenty minutes or more proved himself an omnivorous gleaner of statis- tics by reminding each and everyone of the score, and all the ball players of their numerous weaknesses, misfortunes, delin- quencies and transgressions. In a few sizzling moments he gave a consensus of all the biting opinions of the most vitriolic of sport writers as to why a ) team with seven three-hundred hitters and three star pitchers languished in sixth place. Shoes, magazines and numerous impedimenta came his way hurled by men with high priced throwing arms, but he avoided all contributions with the dispatch < of an African dodger and never paused to dot his “i’s” or cross his “t’s” in his ora- 1 tory until he had driven everyone of the j players to bed. But Crab Connors made no attempt to I close his eyes in that narrow confinement 1 of upper seven, but merely rested while i the train swayed from side to side and the | wheels clicked symphoniously beneath him with no other sounds to create discord save RECRUIT heavy breathing and a faint snore or two. Then Connors lowered himself from his berth to the curtain lined aisle. Beneath each berth were pairs of shoes. Connors took these and rearranged them so that their makers could not tell them apart, removing or tying lacings when so inclined. Then he proceeded to hunt up his baggage. He found his suitcase and removed what he wanted from it. Near by was a bat bag, and on second thought he removed a bat also and then made his swaying way back to number seven. With a bat in one hand and a ukelele in the other he clambered into his berth. “Oh-h-h, it ain’t gonna rain no mo’, no mo’, It ain't gonna rain no mo*! How in the heck can I wash my neck If it ain't gonna rain no mo This was the selection rendered by Con- nors, and he certainly rendered it in a beau- tiful rheumatic tenor accompanied by some original ukulele discords with numerous verses. "Sing something new!” growled a voire, smothered by a pillow. “Oh-h-li, what I sing is new enough For all youse guys I’m thin kin’ For from the pep youse burglars show I think you played with Lincoln. Oh-h-h, it ain’t gonna rain no mo’, no mo’, It ain't gonna rain no mo'- “Hey, Feeble-minded—bag your head!” “Oh-h-h, sticks and stones may break my bones, Call me zvhat, you can, But all that I will say to you Is so is your old man. Oh-h-h, it ain't gonna rain no mo', no mo’, It ain’t gonna rain no mo’-” A dozen or more of angered athletes tumbled out into the aisle. “Somebody kill that pest, will ya please!” “Oh-h-h, it seems to me that I just heard Someone call me a pest. Well, until I get a lower berth No one will get no rest. Oh-h-h, it ain’t gonna rain no mo', no mo’, It ain't gonna-” Connors scrambled to his knees and clutched his bat as he sensed assault. “The first who tries to climb this betj. Gets this bat right over the head!” So SHORT STORIES He paused and surveyed the pajama brigade in the aisle. “Do I get my lower berth?" “U s e the head," growled Joe Kane. “We got to open with a double header, Tuesday.’’ “What of it? _ _ You couldn’t play no worse if you were unconscious. Do I get my lower r” He got it. CONNORS slept late the next morn- ing and for all the oaths that per- vaded the sleeping car and shriveled the porter when it came time to putting on shoes, none had the temerity to awaken Connors. Ball players are the most con- servative people in the wrorld. The Green Sox were spared his interference until he poked his head through the cordon watch- ing an intense game of bridge. Corrigan and Fricker, the Damon and Pythias of baseball, were playing Cottle and Kane and all four seemed to have unusual cases of nerves. “Why didn’t you finesse on hearts?” crabbed Connors, calling attention to an obvious error on the part of Corrigan, one which lost game and rubber and which others had been kind enough not to men- tion. “What do you know about bridge?" snapped Corrigan, coloring angrily. “This much—that there’s only supposed to be one dummy at a time." “You might have known I had the king,” cut in Fricker, peeved at losing. “I bid no J rumps, you apple head.” “Who’s an apple head ?” In attempting to rise Corrigan kicked Fricker. The lat- ter thought it deliberate just as Corrigan saw no accident in Fricker’s tipping the card table on him. In a moment they Were •swinging at each other. Cottle jumped in to separate them and stopped a swing on the nose and lashed out blindly. By the time the peace dove hovered over the peered again’ ^rah Connors had disap- Despite the fact that the statistical I v strong Green Sox threatened to drop into seventh place, a fair throng turned out on their return from a disastrous Western swing. A double header with the Pelicans ,!was always_an attraction; and besides, it is always worth the price of admission to sit safely up in the stands and tell some na- tionally known husky how rotten he is. The first game wasn't three innings old before the boys in the fresh white suits gathered a bumper crop in raspberries. Big Steve Polaski 011 first collected the most because he was nearer than most of his mates to the grandstand, was bigger than any of them and still wallowed in a batting slump. In the eighth the Green Sox unexpect- edly produced a batting rally. It was in- | explicable as far as the fans were con- cerned, but in the Green Sox dugout for eight innings Crab Connors had eloquently | expounded on his first impressions of a big ji league game and those who played it until j the Sox commenced going to the plate with burning ears. This unlooked lor rally fell short of tying the game by one run; which was just about what the fans ex- pected. Then in the ninth Kane led off with a triple and in the excitement the fans for- got their resentment, but remembered it when Fricker and Cottle popped out. Then the Pelican’s pitcher lost control and walked Glenn and Betts, bringing up Po- laski who had been dropped in the batting order. “I think this is w’here I get out of my slump,’’ exclaimed Polaski, reaching for a bat. “You got as much chance of getting out of a slump as a murderer has out oi the electric chair,” snarled Connors. “Say, what’s my chances of goin’ up? I’m the best pinch hitter in baseball.” Nulty looked at him. One run was needed to tie. A pass would force that in. The Pelican twirler was wild and Connors made a much smaller target than the big Polaski. “Go in and wait him out,” he ordered. Polaski flung his bat away in disgust and Connors carefully selected a stick for him- self. The Pelican pitcher needed no mental telepathy to tell him that this rookie who stood swinging his bat menacingly at the platter had come up with instructions to wait for a walk, and so he made the first , ball sweeter than a gallon of ice creain. Connors stepped into it and rapped it on a j line over the third baseman's head and two I runners raced in before the left fielder got 1 hold of the ball. Connors got more applause for that sin- gle hit than the rest of the team had heard in weeks. But Nulty wore anything but 10 A FRESH RECRUIT 81 smiles as Connors came into the bench. "I told you to wait him out didn’t I?" “For the love of Pete are you kicking when 1 won you the game?” “Supposing you knocked that ball into an infielder’s hands?’' “Say, lissun, that ain’t tlie way I play ball." Nulty subsided. The Green Sox settled the second game early. In the second inning Polaski came to hat with two on. He had been sulking in the dugout between games, peeved at the ignominy of having a rookie pinch hit for him. Still in his sulks at the bat, he swung hard at a fast ball and hoisted it into the centerfield stands for his first hit in three games and his first homer in a month. And that is liow Polaski came out : of his slump. With a safe lead, Nulty sent Connors v in to play third in the sixth inning, and the j fans welcomed him with a salvo of ap- _ plause. Connors started a line of chatter . that could be heard all over the park, but : had little to do in the fielding line until ’ Olson of the Pelicans reached second and i then stole third on a slow ball. He rode in ! high in the approved fashion of testing a rookie’s nerve and tore Connors’ new uni- form. Connors looked at the rent and ithen at Olson and the next minute jumped ; for him. Umpires and coach got them apart about the time the two teams gathered around them and the police were driving the fans back into the stands. About five minutes later the players got back to their respective po- -	ations and during all that time Connors ?.ifitened to the verbal endorsement of sev- TTal thousand spectators. Dan Horgan saw a chance to catch the r n raged Olson off third, and snapped the Mdl down. Too late, Olson made a head ■fcrst dive for the sack. At the same time >Connors dove for him; and they came to- other in mid air. Connors rose and shook -ae fog from his eyes. Olson lay cold. “Hey, a couple of you stretcher bear- ^rs,” Connors yelled over to the Pelican’s tpnch, “come over here and drag this stiff ti tlie morgue.” I Some of the Pelicans came, and they paused long enough to tell Connors of some popular methods of doing business with an undertaker. “Yeah, lissun. I'll take the whole team on three at a time.’’ “Can that chatter,” cut in the umpire. “This isn’t Congress.’’ “What is it—a sewing circle?" “I don't want none of your wise cracks." “Whadya mean, wise cracks? Who started this, old Astigmatism!” “Out of the game!” bellowed his Honor. “Whadya mean, out of the game. I haven’t taken a sock at you yet. Hell, what a league! Ya get put out for talk- in’! If that's the case 1 might as well get my money’s worth. I can ask ya questions, can’t I? The rule book says I can. Well, wras it your uncle or your father that got hung for sheep stealin’ ?” “I’ll give you two minutes to get off the field-” “Well, you’d better put your mask on while you’re looking at the watch.” “You’ll feel that one in the pocket! Off the field, I tell you!” And now as the banished Connors headed for the dugout. shooting conver- sation over his shoulder the meanwhile, the fans realized that this rookie had been put out of a game on his first day, and these fans ran the risk of contracting ton- sillitis as they alternatinglv encouraged him and condemned the umpire. Usually somewhere in the final para- graphs of the sporting accounts of the dou- ble header as printed the following day there was some mention of the games themselves, but practically all the rest of tlie paragraphs were devoted to the latest acquisition to the Green Sox. “Fighting Crab Connors,” “Broadcasting,” and “Sta- tion WOW” were some of the agnomens attached to him and he was credited with contributing more color than the northern lights. That day the fans came out in droves to get a look at him. He came through as a pinch hitter in the sixth and then went in at second where he made two assists, a putont and an error and pre- cipitated a dozen arguments. At no time in the games that followed did Connors play brilliantly, although he was always more or less spectacular. As a fielder he fought the ball, making his plays appear difficult and his misses excusable, and he failed to shine at the bat except in pinches when nearly everyone else in the park was handicapped by a nervous ten- sion. Most of the games found him on tlie coaching line where his rasping, penetrat- SHORT STORIES 82 mg tones informed the universe of the misfortunes and indiscretions of all oppos- ing players, their immediate relatives and remote ancestors with the result that more than one wild pitch went skimming by his head, and he took his life in his hands whenever he went to bat. Gossip travels rapidly in the big leagues and Connors’ distended ears gathered all that was essential and used this for the foundation of elaborate libel. With innate shrewdness he learned just how far he could go with each umpire and clung to the line with the skill of a Blondin. At that, umpires hesitated to banish or sus- pend him, for then he could sit in the grandstand, and being beyond their juris- diction. needed to place no restraint upon his invective or his efforts to incite may- hem. It must not be suspected that he spared his own team; far be it from such. The Green Sox had been known to be as docile as hay munching cows; now they became caged panthers. They sported more black eyes than a leopard has spots. Each slight- est difference of opinion was transmuted under Connors’ skillful manipulation into a casus belli and agreement to meet under the stands. Formerly the wives of the players sat in one happy group in a box or two'behind the Sox dugout. Now rows of seats intervened, across which they shot steely glares. And yet Connors himself was never involved in fistic combat. Each player lived in mortal terror of his tongue, and if necessary Connors talked himself out of each impending crisis. Nor was Nulty himself spared, and the manager wished many times to see the last of his pest. But more than his promise to his old friend Dennison kept him from shooting Connors. A baseball manager will wear a pair of shoes two sizes too small and risk atrophying his feet rather than make a change while his team is win- ning. And the Green Sox were winning. Even good natured Steve Polaski was ar- guing over the close ones and mauling the ball as if he bore it some special grudge. I he first of August had found the Sox^in sixth place, but the teams ahead were pretty well bunched and after the Sox had Knocked off the leaders in straight series if became anyone’s race. And Myer Got- tenberg wrung his hands in despair, for he made no more suits now for Sliding Pat Nulty. Nulty jumped now, instead of slid- ing along the bench. September found the Green Sox in third place and without a friend in the league or two players on the team who dared confide in each other. September fifteenth tt slipped into second place, and in the li _ week of the scheduled season they clinched the pennant when Connors talked the op^ posing pitcher to throw to second with na one 011 the bag. Tom Dennison saw the pennant won and went to the office to col- lect his check for $100,000. “That’s an awful lot of money for m player who has batted only two-twenty-- seven and has made almost as many errors as putouts; but there is no denying he’s the^ means of our winning the pennant, and the 1 question is am I pleased about it. I used to have one happy family, an aggregation 4 of gentlemen. Now I feel like a Fagin.” ! “Maybe you’re right,” agreed Dennison] as he put the check in his pocket. “Moneyl isn't everything—but it conies in handy at] times.” THE town hysterically prepared for j the World Series and the Grays of the other league arrived for the first two games. While the World Series, brings together the best ball players of the year it does not necessarily produce the best ball. Every man is on a tension, only orthodox plays are followed, and the pitch-j ers use more stuff in each game than they ordinarily would in a month. But the Green Sox began the series with none of the usual caution. Connors flailed them pitilessly, and the photographing and at- tending ceremonies failed to prove to be soothing antidotes. They took the field in a fighting mood, and with Connors broadcasting fro ni l the first base coach-J ing line they got thel jump on the con-1 servative Grays and busted the g a 111 e wide open in thel first frame. Thel Grays took thel slaughter so keenly I that they appeared 1 on the field the second day completely tin-1 nerved, and suffered another disgraceful-! rout. They recovered slightly in their own j home town, but failed by a run to save the 1 game. In the fourth game, the Grays, who were favored before the series opened, showed a return to form and captured the verdict without great effort. The fifth game de- veloped into a scoreless pitching duel until the ninth inning when the pinch hitting 10 A FRESH RECRUIT Connors worried the pitcher into a walk and then involved the first sacker in argu- ment as to whether the latter’s wife would ask for alimony or start a perennial dona- tion to charity for being rid of the big ba- loney. Unfortunately in the height of the argument the Grays’ pitcher tried to catch Connors napping but only fooled the first baseman. The ball traveled to right field and Connors legged it to third whence he scampered in on a sacrifice fly for game and series. Following the usual custom the Green Sox's share of the receipts was made out to a single player, Dan Hogan, and de- posited in his name. Then the players met to agree on the proper division. Only those players who had been with the team all year were privy to this session, which automatically excluded Connors. Dona- tions were made to the trainer, coaches, secretary, ground keepers and others, and half shares voted for certain of the roo- kies. “And now we come to Connors,” de- clared Cottle, brave enough to break the silence. “Heaven forbid,” breathed Hogan, “but it’s got to be done. My suggestion is that we vote him a full share, for after all he was the means of our winning the pen- nant, and he talked himself into the run that won the Series."’ “I’ll agree on the full share.” assented Kane, “because I wouldn’t dare do other- wise ; but I don’t agree that he won us the pennant. After all it is hitting and field- ing that wins the games, and of course pitching. We provided that. Connors merely made us recognize that we had it. That’s to his credit, but there is a iot that isn’t. This money can’t compensate for what I have gone through the past couple of months nor restore the friendships that j pest has made me lose.” “You’re right,” grumbled Glenn. “Here I'm going back to San Francisco a block : away from Jim Barrett, here, and I’d give r a-plenty to be able to bring the wife over i and play bridge again.” 83 “And I’d give the same to have you,” sighed Barrett. “I guess we all have a few hatchets to bury,” observed Hogan, “so let’s do it. Let’s call the kid in, give him credit for winning the pennant this year, but per- suade him to lay off next season. We know what we can do on the field and we can come through just as well next year and still be one happy gang again.” “Gosh," exclaimed Fricker to Corrigan, “it would be great to be rooming with you again.” “You said it!” agreed Corrigan. And so when smiles wreathed the coun- tenance of the Green Sox again and they felt accustomed to them, they called in Connors. “Well,” beamed Hogan, “we voted you a full share.” “WTiat the hell else do you think you’d do?” snapped Connors. “Well, we didn't have to,” retorted Bar- rett. “You weren’t with us the whole sea- son.” “I bet you argued on that point until your tongue dropped out. Y'ou’re the egg that wanted it put in the paper that it was only forty-seven instead of forty-nine cents you owed Glenn for a bridge game.” “It was forty-seven.” “You’re another,” exclaimed Glenn men- acingly. “Hey,” cut in Kane, “don't be like Fricker and Corrigan.” “Whadya mean, like us?” demanded Fricker as he and Corrigan leaped for him. “Don’t blame me for what Fricker starts,” panted Corrigan between punches and then stopped one on the ear. “Cut this out.” snapped Hogan. “Who do you think you are—the man- ager?” demanded Cottle. “I ’ve taken your lip just enough, now you take that-’ The judge of the municipal court ruled only on the charge of disorderly conduct, and fined each of the Green Sox ten dol- lars. Connors left his money at home and talked the judge into a loan of twenty. GAS ATTACKS ON RABBITS P)ISON gas has eradicated rabbits from Smith Island, in ihe Straits of San Juan de Fuca, the entrance to Puget Sound. The rabbits, living on the island with nothing to faaJt their increase, had become so numerous that.the navy appealed to the United States bio i survey. Calcium cyanide gas was so effective that the Australian government has asked I data in the hope that a similar method may be used to rid that continent of the burrowing I rabbits which are such a pest there.—L. R. A Story of a Bitter Feud of The Ranges By GEORGE WASHINGTON OGDEN Author of “The Cow Jerry,” “The Cattle Baron,” etc. Conclusion Chapter XIX THE SHERIFF COMES kAWLINS walked around the place in a dumb, cold daze. His hat was lost, his clothing was dusty and disheveled as if he had striven for his life hand to land. It did not come into his thoughts to inquire whether he had passed through the fight unwounded; it was enough that he was not conscious of any pain. It seemed to him that a profound silence had settled over his lonely homestead : that the three men riding like thieves in all haste down the creek had snatched some- thing away from him, neither tlie nature nor value of which he was fully conscious of leaving him altogether unlike what he had been only a little while before. How long before? How long had that battle lasted? Not a great while, scarcely more than a few minutes, he calculated. It was daylight when they woke him in tiieir efforts to pull his house down; the sun was only making a far-off candle-flare on the horizon now. It would be almost an hour yet until sunrise. And he had killed a man. It gave him a shocking start to think of it that way; the sun an hour away yet, and he had killed a man. What connection there was in the peculiarly divided thought he did not know, nor trouble to adjust. There was a great stillness over the grassy! valley, a growing fear in his breast. Couldi he justify the killing of that man to au-j thority when it came to inquire? Couldi he justify it to himself? There was a sickening feeling of revul-1 sion for the whole unfortunate adventure.! The pitiful things which he had there toi defend were not worth the life of any man,! were not worth the upbraidings of con-1 science, the years of regret this morning’s 1 hot-headed work would cost. It had taken! this tragedy to adjust his sense of values* Before the fight he had believed his posi- tion unassailable by the most exacting mor- alist among mankind. Now it looked as if the whole project had been founded on a wrong conception. What was the home- stead worth to him, now he had shed blood to defend it? How far would public opin-’ ion in that one-man country support him] in his defense? It was a troublesome thing, an appalling thing to rise up and confront a man. He had reasoned that the United States Gov- eminent would stand behind hku in the defense of his rights. Would it do so? What was the United States Government but an oligarchy of influence? Rawlins withdrew a distance from tlie trampled scene of his dooryard, and sat down on a little rise behind the house. He was beginning to sweat and palpitate in the heat of doubt and fear that his disturbed 84	10 SHEEP LIMIT SHEEP LIMIT 85 rnagination generated. The raiders had jisappeared in the hills, heading for the nearest camp, he believed, to gather re- nt orcements and come back. It wuold not be their way to give it up. In case they came back, what should he do? Would it be wiser to jump his horse when he saw them coming, and leave it to them, or stand and fight as he had begun ? There was no answer to it forthcoming at that moment. He thought he’d better look around and find his hat. As he turned to go about this errand, so trivial in the grim business of that day, Rawlins saw somebody approaching, rid- ing hard. Edith Stone. There was no doubt about it. Pie knew her manner of riding, and he knew the horse. He went to meet her, running in his desire to stop her before she came in sight of the dead •. man lying in that stretched, straining pos- ture, his face against the ground. Edith arrived in a flurry of dust, lean- ing eagerly as she came on. She was pale 1 and frightened; there was a fearful look in : her eyes. “Oh, they didn’t, they didn’t!” she gasped, catching her breath with open mouth, the sound of it like a sob. “No," said Rawlins stupidly. He was standing with the rifle under his arm, pale and dazed-looking. “I saw them up there—saw them through the field-glasses!” she shuddered. “\es,” he seemed to agree, clogged and heavy in his understanding. “What happened to you, Ned ? Are you hurt ?” She flung out of the saddle, confronting him in fresh concern. “No, not hurt.” “What happened, Ned ? What did they do?” “They tried to drag my house down, and I shot a man. He’s up there; he’s dead. I shot him.” “Oh well,” she said, looking at him curi- ously, “what could they expect ? They came here huntin’ trouble, didn't they?” “You must not go up there,” he said in terrible earnestness. “You must go back home.” “You don’t want to let ’em get your nerve that way, Neel,,” she admonished, SHEEP LIMIT GEORGE WASHINGTON OGDEN What has happened before | EORGE WASHINGTON OGDEN has written several of the most popular^ serials which Short Stories has ever printed, painting for us pictures varying from those of old-time Cali- ! fornia of “The Road to Monterey” to the Kansas cowtown doings of "The Cow Jerry.” In ‘ “Sheep Limit" he draws a picture of a youngster from Kansas, who, knowing nothing of condi- tions farther west, decided to go in for sheep raising. This young Rawlins had simply put his : finger on a portion of a map and decided that there was the place he would take up a homestead and graze his sheep in the best of pastuies. Of the prejudices, feuds and no-trespass ideas of the . cattlemen of his chosen district he knew nothing—but he was to learn. First, he ran into a long wire fence around the very district of the Northwest he had so confi- i; dently chosen from the map and found that cattle interests had the country closed off, with the 4 various sheepherders of the neighborhood looking longingly across the wires but powerless to claim •their rights. Rawlins is taken on as a hand with Airs. Lila Duke, widow of a sheepman and a - huge sheep o«ner in her own right. Rawlins’ idea is to learn the business while with Mrs. Duke, Mthcn go in for raising sheep on his own. This plan is upset by Mrs. Dukes suddenly marrying a what the people of the country jocularly call a “mail order beau,' and this Peck, an ex-tailor out Wo get as much money from the widow as he can, has 110 use for Rawlins, who sees through rum ■•too well. So Rawlins loses his job and Peck is installed at the Duke sheep ranch, much resented by 5Tippy, Mrs. Duke's overseer, and Edith, her niece. Rawlins is still determined to buck the cattle interests and enters into a long correspondence with his congressman in an endeavor to hnd out by what right this large tract of land is being held. The satisfaction in that quarter is none so he rputs the congressman's letter in his pocket and files a homestead claim on that corner of the Dt y ' Wood range, where the guarded fence stretched league upon league, barring the homeless trom tthcir inheritance and their rights.	.	, ... Rawlins tries to enlist the help of other sheepmen of the country, in his endeavor to iorce nis :.rights in the cattle country, but without success. Al! of tliree weeks pass quietly after Kawlms rtakes up his abode inside Sheep Limit and nothing happens, so he prematurely begins to nave a carefree feeling. Then Rawlins is summarily ordered off by the foreman of the ram* whose owner has fenced in what is really open range, but still lie refuses to leave. Both Mrs. i ec ‘ Edith are pessimistic about what will happen to him if he defies the order to move, but ne s —:ntains that he will stand by his rights. Then he finds _that lus feeling of satety was . and some of the men belonging to the cattle interests ride up and prepare to set nre to Rawlins, determining to fight for it, opens fire on the invaders. 10 86 SHORT STORIES her own composure regained. "Come on down to the creek and wash your face— you’ll feel better then.” She took him by the arm and led him down to the water’s edge, her horse fol- lowing. The animal sprawled its fore- legs and drank gratefully from the shallow stream, while Edith took the rifle and Raw- lins bent down to refresh himself accord- ing to her counsel. “Didn’t you meet them?” he asked, with a start as'if the thought had frightened him. the water wasting through his cupped hands.	. "They turned off into the lulls. Go ahead and wash.” He obeyed in a spiritless way, as if noth- ing mattered now lie had killed a man. ‘‘You knew you might have to shoot some of them if you held your own,” she said gently, yet with a little hardness of accusation or censure, as if to say he had failed in her expectations of him in not standing up under it like a man. “It isn’t so much a question of right as of values,” he said, looking up gravely, water streaming from his face. This was puzzling to her, and vexing because^ she did not understand. She flushed, frowning her displeasure. "Did you know any of them? Was Hewitt there?” "No, Hewitt wasn’t with them, but I thought I recognized the man we had trou- ble with that day at the fence.” "Yes, he was apt to have a hand in it. W'ere you in the house when they came?” “I’d been on the watch for them two nights, outside. I must have dozed off— they were at their devilment when I first saw them.” Rawlins pulled a deep sigh, shaking his head sorrowfully, the weight of his tra- gedy still pressing him down, making his senses blunt. “They came huntin’ trouble,” she re- peated, "they got what was coinin’ to them. You act like you’re sorry." Its an awful thing to kill a man over an outcast chunk of ground like this!” he said. “I don’t suppose they tried to kill you, 1 don t suppose they even took a quiet lit- tle :>hot or two at you to scare you off!” “He was going to bum the house, he’d just struck a match when I—he’d just struck a match.” "What did you want to spoil his inno- cent little joke for if it’s going to make you feel so sick?” she asked out of pa- tience with his uocked and shaken state. "Didn’t they shoot at you ?” “I expect maybe they did, Edith,” he plied. “You expect maybe they did!” she sai with scornful reproach. “Look here!” She took hold of his shirt-sleeve, on ti e side toward his body, near the arm-pit, showing him a bullet hole. Rawlins looked at the place curiously, and tucked it under his arm to hide it, apparently ashamed t<j have his past peril known. He muttered something that she did not understand,] holding his arm tight against his side. "Two or three inches over and it would have been your heart instead of your? sleeve,” she said. “And you stand there like you wanted to apologize for them! What are you goin’ to do when they come back with Hewitt to wipe vou off the earth?” There was an insolent challenge in her* demand. “Come back with Hewitt ?" he repeated^ stretching his eyes as if the thing had an. astonishing sound. His face darkened with a rush of hot blood; he stood feed wide apart, clenching his lists. "Damn them! I’ll fight them to a finish!” “You’re all right now. honey.” she said/ a tremor in her voice. She looked at him,] smiling a twisted little smile. “It’s my property, it’s my home, even] if it don't amount to much. I'll defend itj down to the last kick there is in me!” He stepped over briskly and picked u his gun, scraping the trickling drops of hi late ablution from his cheek with the rim* of his hand. “Yes. I knew you would,” she said. “I’d like to stick around and help you, Ned, if you’ll let me.” “You can help me more, Edith, if you'll cut across to Lost Cabin and send the .sher- iff and coroner over here.” he said. "They had a double turn of rope around my shack—” indignantly pounding the air in denunciation of the outrage—“with four horses hitched to it. trying to drag it down. It’s there yet—the sheriff can see it.” “If you think I’d better go, Ned,” she consented. “Somebody’ll have to go, and 1 can't leave it to them to come hack here and fin- ish it off. Have you got anything to cut the wire?” “I always carry something to cut the wire.” "Bring the sheriff in the short way—if he's got the nerve to come.” She nodded, starting up the bank for her horse. He caught her arm. to SHEEP "Ride around the house,” lie said, giv- ing Tier a straight, meaning look. She nodded again, going on. Rawlins went up the erfeek to unsaddle GrabaU and turn him out in a liobble, see- ing no remote ex- igency that would impel him to de- sert his homestead now. He was ex- hilarated by his recovery from his dazed oppression of spirits. That was a pretty decent sort of sher- iff, a sheepman kind of sheriff. What- ever influence Senator Galloway had in politics generally around there, his foot must have slipped in the election of that man. So Rawlins thought that morning, When the sheriff arrived in quick time after Edith’s summons, the coroner coming along more deliberately with a proper con- veyance for carrying off the wreckage of the fight. That -was about all there was to it, the sheriff said, looking with keen interest at the double rope around the house, with the outrunning lariats lying as they had been cast off. If a gang of cusses came to shoot a man’s home up he’d be a damn’ fool if he didn’t shoot back. Rawlins had done a man’s job, and that was about all there was to it. as far as the sheriff could see. The coroner arrived in due time, bring- ing with him a jury of sheepmen, being an expedient man and determined to have the case investigated and disposed of on the ground. The inquest was held over the slain man where he lay, with the half- burned match beside liis fingers. The whole proceeding did not occupy more than ten minutes, the jury not only finding Raw- lins justified, but commending him warmly for his defense of his rights, which was, they said, in no small measure the defense of the public rights, too long defied in the Dry Wood country. The inquest over, these- sheepmen cast their calculative eyes around the country, knowing themselves safe in their official position, taking advantage of the event to I	do a little locating against some future day I	when a little extra range would be handy. Edith hung back out of the proceedings until they had lifted the body into the wagon and covered it with a sheep-herder’s i	tent. Then she came over to shake hands I	with Rawlins, as the rest of the -sheepmen DI M IT	g7 had done, and do the liest she could to make it appear that killing a man tmder the proper circumstances was nothing to worry over or remember with remorse. The sheepmen all knew Edith, for fifty or sixty miles was a. small matter between neighbors in Dry W'ood in those times. It is just about the same even today. They talked about the drouth, and kicked the ground judiciously, turning up the soil to note its qualities, and chewed pieces of hay from Rawlins’ stacks, making quite a neighborly reunion out of it. The dead man in the wagon was the smallest part of their thoughts. Not so with Rawlins after the coroner, the jurymen and the sheriff had gone back to Lost Cabin, taking the short cut across Galloway’s land for the first time in their lives; and Edith had ridden away to the ranch to relieve whatever anxiety her aunt might feel over her unexplained absence. It would take a long time to wear the hide- ous accusation from his own conscience, the upbraiding that it might have been avoided. An unworthy man. an outlawed man. a vicious and murderous villain. Yet he had been htiman, worth more at his basest evaluation than the little oblong of semi- arid land that a perverse infatuation had urged this sheep-mad stranger from afar to enter upon in peril and attempt to hold in strife. There would not be much in that life, hiding out of a night that way like a cat, to wake soon or late with the bold chal- lenge of fire in his eyes. This resistance, this first success, would only embitter them, 'lending vengeance to their other griev- ances, fancied or contrived. So Rawlins reasoned as lie made his bed in the buffalo wallow that night. Not in the intention of standing sentinel over his possessions again, for he was weary to the ljone. Let them come when they would and do what they might if he could not wake in time to stop them. If it came to a battle again he would stick to his hole and give them the best he had. Even the •sheepmen, who plainly expected much of him, could not demand more. Chapter XX A FOREHANDED SHEPHERD IT WAS not the gleam of fire on his eyeballs nor the sound of guns in his ears that woke Rawlins when morn- ing was breaking gray over the slieep- lands. He heaved himself up suddenly SHORT STORIES when the sound of it struck through his heavy slumber. Sheep. The tremulous, pleading, help- less babble of a band of sheep. Rawlins took a cautious peep through the fringe of his hiding-place, seeing noth- ing of the complaining creatures which seemed to be near at hand in large num- bers. There was a fog in the valley, or a skim of fog, which pressed close to the ground, common to that valley in the^early morning. Rawlins often had seen it be- fore, so shallow that the tops of the taller cottonwoods along the creek protruded above it. The sheep were bleating out of it beyond the creek; none of them was to be seen. He came out of his hole cautiously, re- lieved to see his house and haystacks still there. He wondered whether this was a new scheme of Galloway’s men, running their flocks over to his valley, hoping to drown him in sheep, or whether the herd- ers had acted on orders predicated on the certainty that he would be ousted by that time. It was a trespass, any way they had worked it, for the sheep were on his land. He intended to send them out of there in short order. He wasn’t going to have sheep in there ruining his hay crop. Making a stealthy circuit of his prem- ises, Rawlins encountered the sheep un- der the creek bank where he had tied his horse the day before. Along there the bank was high on one side of the stream only, the other being a pebbly slope which high water covered. At its present low stage the stream pressed against this high bank, only three or four yards wide, the pebbly shore making a sort of sheltered nook very good for a bedding-ground. Here the shepherds had brought their sheep while he slept, either ignorant of their proximity to his house or assured in their belief that all was safe. What puzzled Rawlins was that no shepherd was in sight, no smell of his breakfast fire on the air. It is a law among sheepherders of the Northwest that flocks must be moved from the bedding-ground at dawn, faced into the wind and spread to graze while the dew is on the herbage. By careful attention to this rule of the craft, a flock is able to subsist for many days without water. It saves the shepherd labor and the sheep flesh in long drives to tanks and streams. There was no voice of sheep-herder ris- ing in the age-old cry that marshaled the sheep forth from the bedding-ground; there was no shepherd to be seen. Not even a dog to bristle and give the alarm of the peering stranger’s presence. It was mystifying to Rawlins, who did not care to push his investigations too far. He would wait until the fog cleared, as it would with the first spears of sunlight lancing over the hills. It was lucky the sheep had not come into his uncut grass which stood knee-high, ready for the scythe. They would have done great dam* age trampling there, for it was a middling big band, a thousand or more, from what ^ he could see. There was nothing to do but I wait, and act according to what should be l revealed. Rawlins went back to the house, which 1 he had not examined for intruders, think- I ing the herder or herders might have taken * possession and be sleeping late on account ! of the unaccustomed luxury of a bed be- j neath a roof. There was nobody in the 1 house; it remained just as he had left it 1 yesterday, the hay on the floor where the I incendiary had thrown it, the broken glass I from the window littering the ground. He 1 had not thought it worth while., in his tin-1 certain state, to right things up around the j place. There might be something bigger] to come off around there yet which would muss things up even more. It was assuring, at any rate, to find] things undisturbed. Uneasy as he was! over the presence of the sheep, he was ] strongly tempted to make a hre in the] stove and get breakfast, but instead re-1 turned to the creek, where he sat down] overlooking the flock to wait the breaking! of the fog. The sheep were huddling and crying be-1 low him, lambs I breakfast not! much ^co^ccT^ned I clense fog, mak- j ing rifts in it here and there, opening mo- 1 raentary vistas through one of these rifts. I Rawlins had a glimpse of a dog, sitting in I stolid patience on the farther rim of the flock. It was a big, white-breasted animal, J morose in its pose. Rawlins got up, a creepiness of appre- j hension crinkling over him. It was not a • stray flock, as he had begun to believe; the herder was somewhere near, tired from his labor of the night in bringing the band into 10 SHEEP the disputed pasture. As he turned and peered, the quickening wind came with a rush down the creek, dispersing the fog in a breath, revealing what he sought. The herder was lying beyond the dog, ridiculously covered across the middle part f his body by a blanket and the canvas of is little tent. Rawlins’ first amazement gave way to humor. He chuckled as he hastened down the creek bank and struck icross the shallow stream. For there was not a double of that long figure in the Dry IVood country, it was the romantic form >f Dowell Peck. The dog backed off, bristling, silent, as Rawlins approached the sleeping keeper of he flock. It retreated within a few yards )f its master, where it crouched, ready to •epel any intrusion on his weary slumber. Rawlins did not care to test the creature's idelity any further. He stood where he vas and let out a whoop that brought Peck up in a comical tangle of blanket and ent. Peck had a gun and was making a two- landed effort to haul it out of the scab- >ard when Rawlins yelled to him. i “It's Rawlins,” he called. “Don’t you mow me?” Peck’s long hair was over his eyes, his :>ng mustache drooped in dejection like a vet rooster’s tail. He cleared his coun- enance of the fog-damp locks, one hand i till distrustfully on his gun. “Oh, all right, Rawlins,” he said, his >	oice hoarse and rough-edged from sleep. -Come on over.” Rawlins went up the gravelly strand, opening a way through the flock, water overflowing his boots. He was carrying ris rifle, a pistol buckled on him, for he / ad crawled out of the buffalo wallow ex- >	ecting a fight. Peck kicked the encum- lering covers aside with a gay leg, caper- fflg joyously. I “I was headin’ for you, and I hit you,” iseck called over the diminishing distance. Y;F’urty dang' good for a greenhorn in the gght, I’ll say!” *| “Darned good, I call it,” Rawlins shouted back over the confusion of the seep. “But what the devil does it mean ? (|ow did you get here—where are you go- "* ‘Right here,” Peck replied, sticking out 4s long arm in greeting. “I started for !jbht where I'm at and 1 got here.” 1} “You certainly did,” Rawlins marveled, '•jpu^ how did you do it ? What’s the ob- "j“Wcll, I tell you, Rawlins, them dang LIMIT	89 sheep they’re more to blame than me, in the first place. If they hadn't started it I never would ‘a’ thought of it, or if I had thought of it that’d Wen the end of it, I , guess. They run away a couple of days ago, and I couldn’t stop ’em. They was wild-eyed for a drink. I guess, they hadn’t had one for two or three weeks.” “Oh, they bolted on you, did they ?” “They sure did. I couldn’t no more stop ’em than I could a freight train. We struck a hole in that dang fence, where you come in at, I guess, and I shot ’em through. I saw your house from the top of a hill out there, and I said there's where I'd break away from the old woman and take a little stake along with me. We hit that hole about sundown, and I kep’ them dang stews on the trot till midnight.” “Peck, you’re a wonder!" Rawlins com- mended him in genuine praise. “But how did you know you’d hit my place? You couldn’t see it from this side of the creek.” “I knew you’d be on a crick, all sheep- men’s nutty about cricks,* and when I struck it I stopped. I was goin’ to take a look around for you this morning.” “But what possessed you to bring that band of sheep in here, Peck? Don't you know there’s a war going on between me and Galloway’s gang?” “Let 'em come,” said Peck, with porten- tous confidence, slapping his gun. “I'm with you.” “What will your wife say when she hears you’ve run that band of sheep in here?” “I’d like to hear,” said Peck comforta- bly. “She’ll raise the roof.” “Let her,” said Peck, easy in his mind. “There won't be anybody but her for it to fall back on.” “Things are kind of uncertain in here, Peck, mighty uncertain, to tell you the truth. Darned if I know what you're go- ing to do with that big band of sheep." “I'm goin' to run 'em around in here and fatten ’em up, then I'll sell ’em and hit the breeze,” Peck announced. “I had that all figgered out when I was shootin’ ’em through that hole in the fence. The old lady she’ll not bother me here, she's a- scairt to set her leg inside of that wire fence. And I tell you right now, Rawlins, I'd ruther stand up and fight seventeen men a day than live around where that wo- man can git at me.” “Well, keep the band on this side of the creek,” Rawlins directed, “and you'll be all right with me. “I’ve got a nice patch of 90 SHORT STORIES hay over on the other side I want to cut.” ‘‘Sure,” Peck agreed, and sent his dog to turn the sheep away from the creek. *T want to bum some breakfast off of you, and git you to hold me up a few days till 1 can put me in some grub,” Peck said, putting it up as a proposal between equals, no favor asked and no thought of being denied. ‘'YouYe welcome. Right up that bank— you can see the tops of my haystacks over there—when you’re ready. 1'fi go cm and get things started.” Peck came to the ln>use in due time, car- rying his scanty bedding and scrap of tent. He tlirew them down with contemptuous air. kicked them into a corner and grunted with disdain. “That’s what a man’s wife gives him to lay his hones on and put over his head in the night,” he said. “Any hired man of hers has got his wagon or his good tent, and plenty of grub brought to him right along.” “I see she gave you a gun. She must be loosening up a little.” “All the gun she ever give me!” Peck discounted, drawing the weapon from the scabbard, presenting it proudly for in- spection. “I bought that oil of old man Clemmons—I give him four stews for it. She'll carry a mile.” “It's an old-tiraer, Peck, but it looks like a good one. Can you hit any- thing with it ?” “Sometimes,” Peck confessed ingenuous- ly. “But I’ll bet y<‘U the pop I •can throw a bluff with it as big as any man around here.” “I don't believe it would pay you to try it inside of Galloway's fence, Peck. When you pull your gun here you want to begin to shoot. They're not much on the Muff. You know. I thought they'd run that band of sheep in on me. I took it so much for granted I never thought to look at the brand.” “You'll see another brand on 'em before long. I’m goin’ to cut me a stencil out of a coal oil can and print capital Peck on the sides of them stews a foot high. I'll let that old woman see who's boss of this gang. “Maybe you’ve got a right to claim ’em. Peck. I don’t know much about the law in such matters.” “Sure I have. What belongs to the wife belongs to the husband, but what husband gits his paws on is his. lt'b lo be that way in this case, I don’t give dang what the law says.*' They sat at breakfast, Rawlins with on leg in the door, his guns at hand, wat against a suqjrise. Over across the Peck's sheep could be seen, making cheerful picture in a landscape that 1<j Hns had found empty to loneaomencss the <lays past. “You’ve got a nice hand of them tliere;’ he said. “Yeah,” Peck agreed, with the easy, off- hand way of a regular sheepman. “It's a good joke on the old woman, the way d* loaded me up with that band of sh< Rawlins. You know Riley, the feller rl had the law books in his wagon? Y< 1 was talkin’ to Riley one day about gittii a divorce off of die old woman, I nit he I didn’t liave much of a show. A man to watch his step not to give his wife openin’ for a knockout, Riley said. He me have a book on divorces; said if I'i read that and study up and walk a straij line I might be able to flop her one these days. Tippie come by one day at caught me readin’ that book.” “I heard about it.” "Yeah. She was red-headed. She coni learin’ over to my camp next day and sa« she married me for keeps. Then she wen over and fired Riley, right off the lu»t She split his sheep up among us other hire* hands, cornin’ out ahead one man on thr deal, the way she figgered it. I liad aUtr four hundred before that; she loaded up with six or seven hundred more. Shi said she’d give me somethin' to think abon* besides divorces; she was goin’ to make i sheepman out of me or kill me a-trysti* -Glad she loaded me up with them extrs stews now. I’m just that much ahead.” I “Darned if I see how you're going tc come out on it. Peck, but I wish you luck I suppose you’ve got a right to sell tht sheep if you want to, but I doubt if any* body around here would buy them froi? you.”	1 “I’m goin’ to ship ’em to Kansas City when them lambs grows a little more. 1 think I’ll go over to the bank at Lori Cabin and see if I can’t raise a little loan on ’em. If I can. I’ll hire, some feller to do the work. No sheepman that herds his own sheep ever amounts to'anything, Raw- lins, no more than any other business man that tries to do it all himself.” “You’re not far wrong there, Peck,*’ Rawlins agreed. •in "What busted your winder, Rawlins?" peck suddenly inquired, coming alive to his outward surroundings, now that his inner void was filled and his opinions aired. “Looks like you'd clean up this shack a lit- tle. What do you want hay th rowin’ around on the floor that way for? You been feedin’ your horse in here?” “I mentioned to j^ou a while ago that there’s a war going on between me and some of Galloway’s men. They came here yesterday morning to tear my house down. They kicked in the window and tried to bum it after they’d failed to upset it with ropes. That accounts for the muss. I haven’t had time to clean up.” “ What the doodle was you doin’ to let ’em bust your winder that way?” Peck wanted to know', with an uncharitable chal- lenge. I did the best I could. Peck,” Rawlins replied, sighing as with a sad regret. Chapter XXI A PROFANE WISH THAT day passed as peacefully as if no question of a homesteader's rights inside the fence ever had been raised. Rawlins was under a heavy strain, which relaxed in some degree as evening fell and Peck gathered his sheep in a lit- tle bowl which seemed to have been ordered by nature to meet this exigency. Peck’s bedding-ground was about half a mile beyond the creek, 011 Rawlins’ land, where the new proprietor of the flock spread his canvas over a bush and crawled 'Under it to his repose after smoking an aftersupper pipe with Rawlins. Peck’s attitude toward sheep had under- gone a radical transformation. He had now all the zeal of a proprietor, handling the flock as if he had a personal interest in the welfare of the weakest of them, showing a surprising craftiness for his •short apprenticeship on the range. He iTvas planning to go to Lost Cabin the next «lay and see about raising a loan on the flock. Off there to himself inside Gal- loway’s fence. Peck felt that he had put an 'insurmountable barrier between himsel f ijand his wife. Rawlins did not encourage this propri- etary view, nor the flight into finance which H’eck proposed tr> try. He was greatly dis- turbed by Peck’s invasion of his valley with the sheep, and troubled over the pros- pcct of being blamed by Mrs. Peck for Harboring her runaway husband, even if she did not charge him with connivance in 91 the entire plot. It would be difficult to convince the lady, with her present low es- timate of Peck’s initiative and resourceful- ness, that he had brought the flock inside Galloway’s fence alone. The wise thing to do, Rawlins concluded after he had seen Peck stowed away under his bush for the night, was to go and in- form Mrs. Peck of her husband’s adven- ture. W hile this course might appear treasonable to Peck, for whom Rawlins was beginning to feel a little sympathy and kindness, it was only just to himself. Aside from putting himself in the way of being blamed by Mrs. Peck, the pres- ence of the sheep at his place would add to his own complications. Galloway would come down on him hard for this apparent publication to all sheepland that the limit was off for sheep in Dry Wood. Rawlins’ secret hope was that Mrs. Peck would move in the matter at once and take the sheep home. Rawlins felt that it was safe to leave things unguarded for a while at night. After Galloway’s men had been shown his determination to hold his own there, they would not be likely to risk an assault by night, in which all the advantage would be his. Hewitt had not been with them; it was likely they were awaiting him, or at least instructions from him, before mak- ing another move. So concluding, he saddled Graball and rode to the ranch, hoping, as he went along, to find Tippie there. tippie could return with him; they could take an early start and have the sheep outside the fence by sunrise. Edith was at the gate, a saddled horse standing by. The house was dark and silent. As Rawlins rode up and dis- mounted, Edith flung the gate open eag- erly, greeting him with relief. “I was about to start over there and see if I could find out anything,” she said. “I didn’t get to go up the hill today. I was worried about you, Ned.” “it’s been as quiet- as Sunday up there today, Edith. I’m beginning to think they’re going to let me alone.” the little paring of moon was very bright, cheering the whole sector of the sky where it seemed to hang not much more than the height of a man above the hills. Rawlins could see the anxiety of her face as she shook her head slowly in denial.	. „ “You know they’re not going to, sne said. Then quickly, as if her words had been waiting, “Give it up, Ned, give it up- SHEEP LIMIT 92 SHORT STORIES It isn’t worth another fight, it isn’t worth what you’ve gone through already, l.et them have it—give it op!” “No, I'm not going to give it up, he replied with argumentative briskness. I did think of doing it, as you know to ray disgrace and--"	. • “No. no!" she protested, remembering her own scorn. “But I’ve got over all that. After the sheriff had been there, after my talk with him and those sheep- men, I felt all right. I was i shaken at first— nearly shaken 'loose from my grip. There's more at stake for me there than my homestead now, Edith; there’s every principle of justice and manhood. I’d be a coward to quit it now.” “I urged you on,” she said repentantly. “I was always blowin’ about a man that would come along some day with nerve enough to open that country. I was proud of you when you went in, but I didn’t think you’d ever have to kill anybody, I didn't think they’d crowd you that far. Now they'll kill you to even it up. They’re not the kind to let it drop now.” “It’s going to be all right.” he assured her, and took her hand, chafing it, consol- ing it by his caress, as one comforts a child for a hurt. There never had l>een any courting be- tween these two, in the sense that homely word is generally understood. Rawlins did not know just what his feeling toward Edith was. At the best a sort of hopeful, perhaps a bit wistful, friendship, very like his feeling toward that country where he had taken up his claim. There was some- thing big to be done before he could call it his own. Youth has its way of adjusting these things without many words, and in that way the case stood without words between Rawlins and Edith Stone. “It’s going to be all right,” Rawlins re- peated, rubbing it in her hand like a lini- ment; “everything's going to be all right. Has your aunt gone to bed?” No, she s not here. We've had a sen- sation of our own here today, Ned. What do you think? Peck’s run away again, and not only run away, but taken a band of eleven or twelve hundred sheep along with him. Aunt Lila’s out on the range hunt- ing them now—especially the sheep. I Peck, sheep, dog and was with her all day, but we didn’t trace of them.” “That’s what I’ve come over about.* Rawlins said, the shake of a laugh in h» words. “Have you seen him?” “I left him not an hour ago. He’s over there with me.” “Peck ?” “Sure enough. all.” “Peck, of all men! Taking a band of sheep into that country—Peck !” “To Peck, and nobody else, the honor belongs. Well, die sheep must be given some credit for initiating the movement, 1 must admit. Peck says they ran away from him, or with him, and came to the hole in the wire, when he shot ’em throng and headed for my place. He'd spotted it from the hills.” “And he’s in there?” “He seems to be very much at home. He says he'd rather fight men every day than face his wife once in a while. He’s got a gun a yard long hanging on him.” 1 “Peck?” “The surest thing you know. He says he can hit things with it sometimes, and I believe him so well I*d want to lie back of something thick when he turns it loose.« Edith ljegan to laugh in spite of herself. “It’s no laughing matter, young lady* he said, with pretense of great severity, “to have him on your liands with twelve hun- dred sheep, more or less. I’ve got trou- bles enough of my own without your dear old Uncle Dowell. I don't want him and his sheep around there.” “And he won’t leave,” Edith gasped with merriment. “The poor man wants to stay there where he can fight his way in peace, and not have to study divorce books and have his mustache pulled.” “You unfeeling little rascal!” said Raw- lins, hand on her shoulder. Then he went a little farther, and embraced her quiver- ing shoulders, dragging her close as if to compress the laughter out of her. “Can you imagine Elmer trailing arouna after Peck ? He's in the mountains,” the girl said, drawing away but with no trace of resentment. “I hoped I might get him to go back with me and start that band of sheep out of there at daylight.” “What if Uncle Dowell pulled his gun and said no?” “He might do it, too. He’s got his plans made away ahead for that bunch of sheep. Do you know w’liat he calls them ? Stews.** SHEEP LIMIT “Aunt Lila told me. but I’m afraid that St. loe brand of humor failed to make a great big hit with her.” “The question is, will she go after him?” “1 wonder. She’s always had a mortal rerror of that fence. That’s why I had to stop cuttin’ it. She used to be in agony every time I went after the mail.” “My worry is that she’ll implicate me in Peck's break for liberty, especially as I’m harboring him. But I was as much sur- prised to see him as she'll be to hear he’s there.” “I don’t think she’ll blame you, Ned. But it certainly will jolt her when she finds out where he’s gone. What kind of plans is he making for the sheep, Ned ?” “I'm afraid they’re all disloyal to the hand that married him. He says he’s go- ing to put a mortgage on them, for one thing, to raise money for hiring somebody to do the work while he does the thinking. I’m afraid Mr. Peck hinted darkly that he intended to drive them out and ship them to Kansas City as soon as the lambs were a little heavier, but I think we’d just as well keep that between us. It wouldn’t con- tribute to harmony between Mr. and Mrs. Peck if she recaptures him, which I feel she’s bound to do.” f “You wouldn’t think that worm had sense enough to plan it all out that way, .like a regular man, would you?” Edith laid. “I'm beginning to think there’s hope for him after all.” | “He’s developing sheepmanly traits fight along. I was surprised to see it, but jit’s true. Maybe the gun’s got something ;to do with it.” I “Of course she'll get him if he ever breaks out of there, and he'll have to come •Out when you leave, Ned.” r But Rawlins had no intention of leav- ing. With that friendly sheriff only a few rmiles away, and those eager sheepmen Iftround Lost Cabin waiting the hour to feme in, he no longer felt himself unsup- ported and alone. Those sheepmen were flcady to jump the day they felt it a litrle 5^ss than half way safe; Rawlins had seen ' hat sticking out of them like pumpkins in » sack when they sat as jurors in the cor- ner’s inquest. A little while, if he could *>ld on, and there would be neighbors •;*hough to carry everything inside the pence. | “I wish I was a man.” Edith sighed. ' “I’m glad wishing can’t make you one,” Rawlins told her. “Well, I do,” she insisted stubbornly. 'But maybe I can help you anyway.” 93 Whatever opportunity this offered for saying something gallant, Rawlins allowed to pass untouched, for sincerity has a slow tongue. “Do you expect Mrs. Peck home to- night?” he asked, after the chance for say- ing something that he knew should have been said, and was expected to be said, had fallen flat. “She was headin' for Clemmons’ range when I left her. If she don’t hear any- thing of her sheep down there—and of course she’ll not—I expect she’ll turn back home. It may be morning before she gets here.” They discussed the probability of Mrs. Peck’s invasion of the forbidden territory, Edith being of the opinion that the chances were all in Peck’s favor. It was impos- sible for her to see anything tragic shaping up in the situation for Peck, the comedy outweighing everything else. The moon was touching the hills when Rawlins left her. lighter of heart and stronger of hope than when he came. Dan- ger was drawing away from him, he be- lieved ; peace was about to descend on his valley, where the price it had cost him al- ready was marked by the brown splotch in the white earth before his door. Chapter XXII A MAN AT LAST PECK was up at daylight next morn- ing. whooping in high and exultant voice as he spread his sheep to graze in due and ancient form. He was in high feather when he came to the house for breakfast to find that his industry sur- passed Rawlins’, if early rising was to be taken as a measure. He found the home- steader sitting on the edge of his cot, yawn- ing away the dregs of sleep. "Rawlins had chanced a surprise by sleep- ing in the house, going 011 the argument by which he had convinced himself last night that they were due to leave him alone. The peaceful morning, Peck’s cheerful countenance in the door, the feeling of eagerness to be up and at it. all contrib- uted to strengthen the belief that un- troubled days were before him. He set Peck to making a fire in the sheet-iron stove while he assembled biscuit materials, designing to begin that felicitous morning with the first good meal in two days. Peck stood on his knees before the lit- tle stove, regulating the damper to con- trol the roaring fire he had made, chuckling to himself in what Rawlins took to be the 94 excess SHORT STORIES of spirits ill his unaccustomed 11b- was just a-thinkin’, Rawlins,” Peck said, twisting his long neck to took round. " L fired you one time, didn’t I ?” “You bet vou did, reck.” “Yeah. That was one thing I made stick with the old woman. Hut 1 was a new rat- tle to her then. Well, 1 tell you, Rawlins, I’m goin' to he a feller that can hire ’em and lire ’em as last as they come in the fu- ture days to come. I'm clone with that woman. She ain’t got money enough stacked up to coax one leg back to that ranch.” It was best not to say anything to Peck about his wife’s hot hunt for him on the range, or the mystery his dis- appearance had been to every- b o d y outside. Peck would be better off for knowing noth- ing of the trip to the ranch last night; at least he would be easier in his mind. “I was just a- thinkin’, Rawlins, where I’d a’ been at if I hadn't fired you that time. And where you'd ’a’ been at. too. I give you a start by firin’ you, and made a place for myself to light when I come to the jump-off. I'm darned glad I fired you that time, Raw- lins.” “It does look like it was for the best, all around, doesn’t it? Well, I never held it against you. I wasn't very much stuck on working as a herder for your wife, or anybody else.” “Yes, it was best for me and good for you, as the song says. That bunch ought to clean me up thirty-five hundred, maybe four thousand, freight and everything paid. That’ll set me up-” They both broke for the door, Rawlins dropping his breakfast preparations and Peck his speculations. There was a hurst of shooting, an outbreak of yells, across the creek in the direction of Peck’s sheep. I erk made it into the open first, where he turned, his face white, his crawfish eyes wild. “It’s them Fence tellers—they’re killin' my sheep! Git your gun and come on!” Peck streaked away like a hound with the last word, never looking back to see Whether Rawlins was going to support him in the battle or leave him to the defense his flock alone. He was out of siglit u the creek bank when Rawlins came with his rifle. Four men were stirring confusion ar the sheep, the witless animals contri mg to their own destruction by crow together in bunches. Rawlins liel these were the four men whom he had pulsed two days ago, come back to adi the account He hurried on to ov Peck, not so much because he counted him to be of any use, but to keep him rashly exposing himself. Peck was across the creek, loping upftfe gravelly shore w'here he had bedded ini flock the night he arrived. The fence: riders who were dubbing and shooting live sheep had not seen Peck, although he nB making no effort at all to conceal liimsdi tearing toward his abused flock, gun his concern for his property so gr had no thought of danger. Rawlins paused on the high batik, be had a vantage from which he could worked great and sudden damage a the slaughterers of the flock, holding ; fire on account of Peck. The new fl< roaster, suddenly grown valiant in his erty and property rights, was at 1 hundred yards in the lead, but still more than a pistol-shot distant from nearest rider working havoc among sheep. Rawlins knew die raiders ca rifles; it would be a small matter to Peck flat at that distance with one v put shot-	1 Down the bank, through the shaikh stream and after Peck the homestead* charged, heavy with the water that fille- his boots, sagged down by the ammunitiff he had loaded every available pocket witi yelling to Peck to lie down and wait, ji Peck heard, he didn’t even look badl Straight toward his abused flock he werrl his long legs straddling sage-cJumps a taking them in clean leaps, at least sen® enough in control above his roused an( l»oiIiug anger to know he couldn’t do a damage with his gun that far away. When Peck came within what he caJ culated as shooting range, he sti braced himself with legs spraddled wi lifted his gun. gripping it in both lian and cut loose. The roar of that anci rim-fire forty-five drew the first notice the fence-riders to the defenders of the flock. If they had seen Peek and Rawj lins before that moment they evidently had thought them still too far away to he taken into account. Thev had been clubbing and .40 SHEEP LIMIT shooting, and riding into the huddling: lit- tle bunches of sheep as if bound to do as jnuch destruction in the flock as possible before turning their attention to whoever was responsible for this insolent invasion. They probably had concluded that Raw- lins, or whoever was herding the sheep, had cut for safety at their approach. It was likely they had not counted on any- body but Rawlins having the effrontery to bring sheep inside the fence. A home- steader who would shoot a man exercising the feudal prerogative of burning his shanty, might even drive a band of sheep inside the long-respected limit. ] At the sound of Peck’s gun the man at whom he had fired whirled around from his atrocious slaughter, yelling warning to bis friends. He threw down the club he had been mauling the sheep with, jerked liis rifle from the scabbard under his leg, pinged a bullet so near Peck’s head that Rawlins saw him jerk it, and duck as if a lornet had come at him. That only appeared to make Peck hotter. Dn he went, slinging his long legs over (rush and gully, waving his gun and yel- i ng. Rawlins tore along after him, going with nore caution and considerably less speed, Touching like an Indian as he dodged from ush to bush, ready to pitch in a shot the loment he saw he could do any good. The fthers began to peg away at Peck, who topped again, legs braced wide as before, un steadied in both hands, head to one ide a little as he deliberately squinted and hned. To the surprise of Rawlins, and no Staubt to the astonishment of the other side —for it was a long pistol-shot—Peck’s careful aim was good. The man who was pushing forward in a bearing of contemp- tuous security, rifle raised to throw down tti a one-handed shot, jerked back in the saddle as if he had ridden into a rope ^wretched across his way. He rode on that 4^ay a little distance, rifle and reins drop- ped. then slumped off to one side, and fell. I Peck's pause had brought Rawlins up within a few yards of him. He made a imprint and came alongside as Peck was growing his feet for another charge. Raw- 4Bns made a grab and caught the back of /fis jumper. % “Get behind something, Peck! Here, down with you—quick!” Kawl-ins was down on elbows and knees ind a clump of sage, with its little wart earth heaped and held around its deep- r iking, wide-spread roots. Old Peck 10 95 stood looking down at him curiously, both hands gripping his gun, as if he did not understand the reason for a man whose valor he never had doubted up to that mo- ment being in such a sweat to get some- thing between himself and trouble. The three sheep-killers were charging up, well spread out, their shots cutting'the bushes over Rawlins’ head. He pulled Peck’s leg, wasting valuable time to get the rascal, brave in a simpleton’s ignorance of his danger, down out of that buzzing hot stream of lead. While Rawlins’ hand was still gripping Peck’s bony shin, Peck’s legs gave way as is he had been hamstrung. He sank down in a dazed, groping way to his knees, still holding to his gun with one hand; settled slowly, without a ,word or groan, and lay in a huddled bunch close beside Rawlins behind the little knuckle of earth. Rawlins did not know whether Peck was killed or seriously wounded. There was no blood, but he had heard the bullet strike. There was no time to investigate, or give Peck the assistance upon which his life, if life there was in him, might depend. The sheep-killers were standing off not above fifty yards, their guns quiet since Peck’s disaster, spying* cautiously around for sight of Rawlins, who had not fired a shot. It was likely they thought the}" had got him, too. Now they came ahead, cautiously, to close in and finish it if anything remained to be done. Rawlins flattened down, and fired. They gave it back to him, hot and fast. There was a confusion of striking bul- lets around him, dust and smoke from his gun. At the next sight he had, the middle saddle was empty. The horse was charg- ing on straight toward him; it passed in terrified stampede, so near the earth flung up by its hoofs showered h i m where he lay. The two re- maining of the band had no in- tention of giv- ing up the fight, for Hewitt was one of the m, Rawlins saw. He had come to- ' day to close the matter; there w o u l d be no running away before a single man of the homesteader breed again. g6 SHOKT STORIES They separated wider sul), to flank him and drive him out. Rawlins drifted as the bullets tx&a 10 cat in Uma the side, snak- ing himsolf on &bows, reserving somefchiag for the rush. He worked himself a few feet away from Peck, hoping the poor fel- low might escape any further damage if tliere was an ember of life in him still. Hewitt was on the right; he came push- ing in with steady determination, holding his restive horse down to a slow walk. Rawlins resented his mean persistence. He slewed around, threw his gun across Peck's body, and tired. With the jump of his gun Hewitt threw in a shot that got Raw- lins between elbow and wrist, twirling the rifle out of liis hands. Rawlins scrambled for Peck's pistol. Hewitt shouting to his companion, both of them rushing in for the finish. Rawlins was rising to his feet, Peck’s gun in his left hand, to have it out in a whirlwind close, the chances all against him, as he knew too well. He was dazed; his right arm was numb and unresponsive. It was a bad cor- ner for a man to be caught in; it was the end. Hewitt was not twenty feet away, pistol lifted to throw down for the last shot, when a diversion was set up in the rear. Somebody began to shoot; somebody was riding in headlong charge through tall greasewood and sage, with a wild, high whoop that raised the hair to hear. Raw- lins took a left-handed., chance shot at Hewitt as he whirled his horse and gal- loped away. Whoever it was that had charged in that desperate moment went on after the sheep- killers, the strident challenge, sharp as a steam siren, cutting over the noise of quick shooting. Rawlins stood on the little hump of earth to see what there was to be seen. The sheep-Jcillers were hitting it up in a panic to get out of there. The one in pur- suit pulled up and looked around, as if to see if there were any more. Rawlins came down from the mound in amazement, which became double amaze- ment on beholding Peck sitting up, looking very pale and sack, but far from a dead man yet. Peck was staring with the' big- gest eyes Rawlins ever had seen in a hu- man head, hands pressed to his 'belly, breathing m sharp little putts. "It's your wife!” Rawlins said, wiJdJv excited. “Peck, Peck! I tell you it’s vour wife! He shook Peck, as if to wake him. Peck looked up weakly. "She shot me!” Peck gasped. “No, no. Peck. She saved us—she us, I teLl you. It’s your wife!” Peck had no time for comment or tion, if lie liad the capacity or the i for either. Mrs. Peck came tearing flinging -herself from the saddle before horse had answered her hard hand on rein. She was on her knees beside in a moment, his dazed head galh against her bosom, groaning over h‘ tears streaming dow-n her range-chal face. “Oh. Dowey darlin’, you’re all shot slithers!” she moaned. "Oh, why d I git here sooner! Why—didn't—1 here—sooner!” There was such a note of remorse a accusation in her wail as to verify Ra< lins in the belief he had held all the tiiu that she was fond of Peck, and her liars ness was only in effort to reshape him fit a place of honor in the land of sheep. “Where are you shot, honey?" she reclining Peck tenderly, his head on lap. “Here.” said Peck, pressing his st ach, rolling his bead from side to side if the agony of his wound was beginning make itself felt. Mrs. Peck began to explore with t hand, a doleful look of pity in her face. “Why, there ain't no hole in you there.1 she said gently, greater relief than sur in her voice. “Slammed clean through me— there,” Peck insisted, pulling his br with a rattling sound. Mrs. Peck began to lay his anatomy ban in her anxious explorations. Rawlins, account of the blood he was losing, and th pain of his own wound, turned aside. He began making such repairs as a handker- chief would provide, relieved to see artery was cut, although one bone was broken. This gave him great concern, involvi the possibility, as it did. of losing part his arm. PI is anxiety over Peck ivas siding as that notable's strength increa and Mrs. Peck declared there was no b let hole in him. Peck resented this, daring he knew very well he was si through the place to which his hand re- turned with solicitous hovering. He clo Ins eyes and lay with his mouth ope groaning. Mrs. Peck removed the brooding 1 after a gentle struggle, and l>ent over for a closer inspection of the spot. “There is a bruise there, honey—its SHEEP LIMIT titmin' purple and blue over a place as big as my hand!*’ she said. “Wherever in the world could that bullet a* went to? What made it flatten out ag’iri’ you, honey, do you suppose? I never heard of one doin’ that before. You’ve got a charmed life, pure as you’re born you've got a charmed life.” “What did you have in the pocket of your jumper, Peck?” Rawlins inquired, managing to grin, although his arm hurl him as if it was under a w-agon wheel. Peck made a remarkable recovery when the investigation turned to the contents of his pocket. He sat up with a jerk, a red rush of resentment coming into his thin- edged face. He put his wife’s hand away rudely. “"None of your dang business what I got in that pocket, or any other pocket,” he said. “I'm my own man; I'm goin’ to carry whatever I dang please in my pock- ets from now on.” “Why, of course you can, Dowey darl- in',” Mrs. Peck-said soothingly. Peck glowered around, red veins in his Wig glassy eyes, looking savage and mean. “Where in the hell’s my gun, Rawlins?” he asked. “There—your hat’s 011 it, Peck.” “I’m goin’ over to find that feller I shot,” Peck announced, grabbing his gun, ; getting up with as much iron in his legs as he ever had. “If he ain't dead I'll finish [ him—cornin’ in here killin’ off my sheep!” Mrs. Peck looked at him with beaming admiration. “I’ll go with you. darlinV’ she proposed. “You’ll stay where you’re at till you’re [ called for, old lady,” Peck put her in her : place severely. “I’m goin’ to stir my own ildtfle of mush from now on.” “All right, Dowey,” she yielded meekly, happy in his mastery, Rawlins knew. Peck went on about his vengeful busi- ness, Mrs. Peck turning to Rawlins as if 4	to share her admiration, discovering his Might. “Why Ned, you’re bleedin’ all over the K place!” she said. “Here—let me see your f. arm.” Rawlins told her there was nothing more I to be done for temporary relief than what he had contrived already, but that he would ■	Ive grateful if she would allow him to ride *	her horse to Lost Cabin to have the doctor i attend his hurt, to which Mrs. Peck heart- •ily agreed. She brought the animal up. took the hol- ij ?t<*r with her two efficient pistols from the I* saddle, and urged him'to go at once. Raw- 97 lins paused before mounting to thank her ior her assistance in the moment of his ex- tremity. “It would have been all over with us in a minute more,” he said. “I’m sorry I didn’t come sooner,” she replied, with the modesty of true valor. “Edith left me a note that Mr. Peck was over here with you, but I didn’t find it till after breakfast. I guess she went out lookin’ for me. 1 guess she was worried when I was gone all night. Did he—” hesitantly, her eyes raised with a timid eager- ness he never had seen in them before—“did he shoot one of ‘them fellers, Ned ?” “He certainly did! He went after them like a hornet, left me so far behind I thought I’d never catch him. You’ve got a man now, Mrs. Peck; a man right down to the back- bone.” “Yes,” said Mrs. Peck, sighing hap- pily. “I’ve got a man at last!” -Chapter XXIII ANOTHER RUNAWAY RAWLINS returned from Lost Cabin before noon, attended by the sheriff and coroner, the latter official bringing with him the identical set of sheepmen jurors that had served a few days previously over the first victim of the homesteader’s war. The coroner found a double job cut out for him this time. The raider who fell before Rawlins’ rifle in that morning’s bat- tle was not dead, although shot through the body. He was a virile scoundrel, with the snake’s tenacity of life in him, and if the coroner was disappointed in having the fel- low as a subject for his official investiga- tion. he was compensated by getting him as a patient. Peck had made a clean job of it. There was nothing left for the doctor side of the coroner to do in his case. That was undoubtedly the most enthusi- astic verdict ever returned by a coroners jury in the Dry Wood country. It sounded much like a resolution by a chamber of commerce welcoming some new and im- portant industry. The presence of these two bandy men holding their own against great and -vicious odds inside Senator >a 98 SHORT STORIES loway’s fence; that big band of sheep graz- ing peacefully, the morning s tern lying visitation quite forgotten, opened the gate of possibility to a new and prolific range. As before, the sheriff had nothing but praise for Rawlins, enlarged this time to include Peck, whom he surveyed with a perplexed look of questioning surprise. But he was discreet, with complete con- trol over his tongue, no matter what his thoughts. He cast his eye around the coun- try in sheepmanly appraisement. Mrs. Peck’s pride in her valiant and effi- cient husband was beyond all measure. Whatever Duke had done to build up the fortunes and consequence of the family before his unromantic end in the creek, it was reduced to a point in comparison with Peck's deeds. Peck had taken sheep be- yond sheep limit; he had broken the op- pressor’s hand and battered down his wall. That was the way Mrs. Peck saw it, at least. Rawlins' part in the venture was not considered or, if taken into account at all, only as a minor force in the historic event of Peck’s sweeping invasion. Even the sheep, which had stampeded Peck into this glorious eminence against his power and intention, were not given the smallest word of credit in her glowing praise. After the coroner’s business was settled and the official party had gone away, Mrs. Peck transferred her saddle to Graball’s back and returned to the ranch to fetch up a wagon and supplies. She and Peck ap- peared to have come to a complete under- standing during Rawlins’ absence. Nei- ther of them had any intention of taking the sheep out of that refreshing pasture. She was puffed up with the red arrogance of a conqueror; all her fears of the fence and its lawless defenders had dissolved. She had a fighting man in the family now, who had made his place in that land of dusty flocks. Mrs. Peck had put in the morning skin- ning the sheep killed in the raid. They had found forty-three, Peck said. Several more were crippled so badly they would have to be killed. Cheap. Peck said, echo- ing his wife’s declaration, Rawlins knew. 1 hat was a small price to pay for a pas- ture that would take care of their sheep shut out of the forest reservation by gov- ernment restriction. I 11 order Tippie to bring ’em in,” Peck announced, swelling around in the double importance of large proprietor and handy man with a gun. They were at Rawlins’ house, which Peck, from his grand air, appeared to 1 think he had acquired by right of conquest along with the rest of the territory inside Galloway’s fence. Rawlins was lying on his cot, feeling pretty well out of the game on account of the pain in his arm; Peck getting dinner ready. “How’s your arm?” Peck inquired, turn- ing suddenly as if it had just struck him to inquire into the misfortunes of a man! whose part in that historic encounter had been so unheroic and small. “Pretty good, Peck.” “You look kind of white around the gills, Rawlins, you’d better take it kind of easy for a while. Leave ’em to me if they come back.’’ “I’ll nearly have to, old man.’’ “Yeah, that’ll be all right. Doctor say he'll have to take any bones out of you, or anything ?” “No, he says he can save my arm. Did you help skin the sheep ?” “Yeah. Me and the old lady thought we might as well save them hides—they’re worth six bits apiece. I’ll tell Tippie to bury them dead ones when he comes, and kill off the cripples and skin 'em. Me and the old lady-” “Did you find that bullet in your pocket' Peck?” Peck looked around again, leaning on hi; long bony arms, hands fiat in the pan. Hi; face was reproachful, his animated coun t tenance under a cloud of displeasure. Bu he brightened up in a moment. “It was there, all right, Rawlins,” h»J confessed. “It was smashed as flat on on* end as if’d struck a rock.” “You old iron-bound scoundrel!" saiti Rawlins, expressive of admiration. This cheered Peck up.	1 “You remember the divorce book Rile? lent me, Rawlins? Yeah. The old lad;: tore it tip after she banged me around witli it a while, and throwed the pieces in th«l fire. It didn’t burn, though, not much o> it. When she was gone I picked out sorror of the importantest pieces of it. I doubled ’em up and put 'em in my pocket, savin i ’em to have somethin’ to read on more thai: 1 ever expected it’d ever do me any goou in court. Them leaves made a wad twe inches thick, 1 guess. Sleepin on ’em, yotl know, and everythin’, pressed ’em tight.' i “Darned lucky thing for you, old fellers But if your wife had been a few second!' later you and I’d be gettin’ out of the boa* on the other side of the river even now. She’s a fine woman. Peck. Be good tc> her, now you’ve got things coming youti way.” SHEEP LIMIT '•That’s where you’re off, Rawlins; that’s where you show you ain’t experi- enced with ’em. I ain't goin' to ease off on her too quick. 1 ’m goin’ to camp right up here with that little bunch of stews till she comes up with all tlie cash money I want i and gives me back my clothes. You can bet your neck I’m goin’ to have a check book of ray own. too. and a square break on all the profits of tin's game, if I hang around here. She’s promised me.” “That's only reasonable. She can’t ex- pect to keep a man like you out on the range with a band of sheep, in the stand- ing of a hired man around tlie place. You’ve shown her you can do some think- ing. Keep it up.” “Yeah, and I’ve showed her I can do some shooting too. That’s what put a crimp in the old girl. I guess I’ll show Tippie where he gits off at, too, the first time I see him.” “I believe I’d go kind of slow with Tip- pie. if I were you,” Rawlins suggested, with friendly warning. “Tippie’s a man of few words, but you might get a surprise if you stepped on his feet. W h y not treat him just as if noth- ing had ever passed between you? Tippie’s a \ valuable m a n ; you’ll need him work |f y°u’ve ^	going to sit in the office and think.” “I’ll handle him in my own way, Raw- lins, and I’ll forgive my wife fer the way -che’s banged me around if she’ll show me ,she’s reformed enough to hand over a bale of that long-green. If she ain’t, my first plan goes through. I’ll sell them sheep and hit the breeze back to St. Joe. She’s got to show me; she’s got to hunt Riley up and give him back his job. If it hadn’t been for Riley lendin’ me that divorce book where’d I ’a’ been right now ? She’d ’a’ been plantin’ toadstools on my grave.” f Peck went off to attend his sheep after dinner, his gun against his leg. no more troubled over having killed a man than if he had been doing that sort of thing right ;dong. He seemed to take so much satis- faction out of the event, and enlarge him- ^lf to such overspreading importance, that Rawlins wondered whether he was in the 'vay of becoming a killer, as he had heard of trifling anti insignificant men turning ta 99 out in the old days. He would do to watch. Mrs. Peck drove in when the sun was low, bringing supplies. She reported ev- erything quiet at the fence, nobody in sight, no interference with her passage, which she had been ready to contest with any force, her courage had mounted so high. But she wore a wo/ried look, in spite of her day’s triumphs. Peck was still afield with the sheep as Mrs. Peck got down from the high seat of the wagon, her eyebrows pulled together in a black knot. She looked at Rawlins, who had come to the door to greet her, as it she had something to say that concerned him; seemed to reconsider, going about her unloading silently. “Ned, what do you think?” she said presently, turning to him abruptly. “Edith’s run off!’” “Run off?” he repeated in amazement, his heart seeming to fall like a bucket in a well. “What in the world would she want to run off for?” “You can search me! Unless it’s a man. I think maybe she’s been writ in’ to one of them mail-order fellers herself, and he"s coaxed her to run off and meet him.” “I don’t think she'd do a thing like that.” “She left early this morning. Elmer come in, he said A1 Clemmons saw her pass, headin’ toward Jasper. She can't git there before tomorrow afternoon—I'll have plenty of time to go over to Albin Jacobsen’s in the morning and telephone the sheriff to stop her. I wanted to ask you if you think I ought to, or just let her go her way.” “Let her go her way,” Rawlins replied, resentful of Edith's desertion. “If she wants to ait out and leave us that way, let her go. But why would she run away? She wouldn’t have to do it, would she ? “No, she’s her own man now. I was only her guardian till she was of age But it looks mighty queer to me.” “It certainly does look queer.” “She didn’t leave me no letter nor noth- ing, only that little note tellin’ me Mr. Peck was up here.” “I’m pretty sure she’s got something in view we don't understand, and I can’t be- lieve it's a man,” Rawlins said, his genef- osity rising up to the girl's defense. “She 11 probably be back in three or four days." “I don’t know what to do—I don’t want to see her go wrong—but she’s her own man.”	. , “I don’t believe I’d intertere in her plans, whatever they are,” he advised. SHORT STORIES she’s running off with—if she s running off, that's her own business; you couldnt stop her if you wanted to. If she’s just gone to Jasper to get some pretty clothes or a little hat, or something, she’d resent your interference, don't you think.''” Mrs. Peck looked off across the valley, on the farther rim of which Peck was be- ginning to raise his voice in the evening roundup of the sheep. She drew a big breath, as of inspirational relief, the per- plexity of her brows relaxing, calm settling over her face. "I'll ask Mr. Peck about it,” she said. Chapter XXIV A FOOL AND HIS GUN THE seriousness of Rawlins’ wound made a daily trip to the doctor neces- sary. Mrs. Peck liad gone back to the ranch the same evening she came with the wagon and the startling news of Edith's desertion, leaving the two men to hold what they had won. Peck’s great in- terest in the welfare of his sheep took him abroad early and kept him away all day, except for a dash in at noon for dinner. This threw Rawlins on his own one- armed resources very largely, and he found little that he could do. He had not been able to devise any scheme by which a one- armed man could wash dishes, for one thing. Owing to that, things had a dis- tressing way of accumulating about the place, Peck being content to scrape the plates of the last meal for the next. Peck- had not even thought to volunteer any help in saddling Graball for the daily trip to Lost Cabin. By using his teeth Rawlins had managed the cinch in a hazardous fash- ion that held until he got to town, where the doctor tightened the girth to carry him home. Several days passed that way, with no further interferenece by the forces which had dominated that illegally occupied ter- ritory so long. While Mrs. Peck had vis- ited them daily, news of Edith was still lacking. The sheepwoman appeared to have recovered from her first flurry, but Rawlins was beginning to feel the strain of anxiety. He believed there was something between Mrs. Peck and Edith which the sheepwoman had concealed, responsible for the girls sudden desertion of the ranch. A feeling of resentment toward Edith for her precipitate action, her cold expres- sion therein of complete aloofness from his affairs and all interest in them, had hard- ened Rawlins to her welfare for a while. Now this feeling was clearing out of his mind, giving place to fear that Edith had not gone entirely of her own free will. The girl was not so heartless as to pull out like that after the understanding that had grown up between them. She would have come to him with her troubles, he believed, unless she had been goaded beyond for- bearance or driven away outright. Rawlins had returned from Lost Cabin shortly before noon on the fifth day since the fight, a cloud of anxiety concerning Edith darkening the outlook, even obscur- ing everything beyond that hour. He unsaddled Graball and turned him out to graze, the horse having become so entirely domesticated and affectionate that he would come running at a called or whis-. tied summons, and turned his one-handed efforts to preparing the midday meal. He had brought potatoes and onions, unusual luxuries, from town that trip, with antici- pation of an old-time Kansas dish of the two vegetables sliced and boiled togethefl for supper that evening. If he could get Peck to prepare the vegetables when he came in for dinner, the rest could be man- aged with one hand. Rawlins was not quite certain that his own gloomy state of mind was responsible, or whether Peck had been sulky the past two days. He had appeared to be some- what less communicative and voluble than usual. Fancied or real, Peck’s attitude had not given much concern. Now when Peck came in for dinner, there was no mistak- ing his ill humor. Rawlins wondered if he had stepped on the new flockmaster’s toes. “Taters, huh?” said Peck, taking a peep into the sack. “It’s about time you was chippin’ in somethin’ on the grub, Raw- lins. You've been eatin’ off of me ever since the old lady brought up that grub/* “All right, Peck,*’ Rawlins returned good-naturedly, although he felt a desire for a hot retort to the inhospitable charge. “There’s some onions in the sack, too. I ’ thought maybe I could get you to clean some of both of them for supper. I could manage to cook them, all right.” “It don’t look like you’ve managed to cook very much dinner,” Peck said con- temptuously. “I tell you right now, Raw- lins, I’m gittin’ tired of doin’ all the work around this joint. And you’ve got the gall to ask me to clean onions on the side. I wouldn't clean the dang things for a dollar apiece, and I wouldn’t eat ’em for five. You can’t put all the dirty work off 011 me around here, I tell you, Rawlins.” “I'm sorry, old feller, but you’ll have to SHEEP take it as it comes.'' Rawlins said in friendly, dispassionate way. “I've been doin’ it ever since I landed here,” Peck sneered, his glassy goggle eyes seeming to advance and recede in their shallow sockets as he leered at Rawlins. “Look at them dishes, took at this messy joint! It looks to me like you’d clean things up, Rawlins. You can afford to, me iurnishin’ the grub.” “The door’s open, Peck, if you don’t like the kind of hospitality I’m able to offer,” Rawlins said. “Is zat so?” Peck chattered. “You wait till I go, then, will you? You ain’t got nothin’ on me because you killed a man. Them coroner fellers said the one I killed was twice as big as yours. You kind of want to watch your step when you talk about firin me out of any door, Raw- lins.” “Peck, you’re talkin’ like a fool,” Rawlins said calmly. He was not afraid of Peck, although his pistol was hanging 011 the wall behind the door, where he had relieved himself of it on his return from town, nor was it sur- prising to see this villainous streak of egotism and overbearing selfishness in the man. Rawlins had seen it growing from the day when Peck's lucky shot knocked a man over in the fight, but it had devel- oped faster than expected. “I’ve got as much right here as you have,” Peck declared, scowling and glow- ering as he slammed a slab of bacon down to haggle off some for the pan in his bun- gling way. “Where’d you ’a’ been at if I hadn’t run them sheep of mine in here and stood them fellers off? Who done the fightin’ that time? That’s what 1 want to know. I’ll bet you money if you found the bullet that went through that other fel- ler you’d see it come out of my gun. And that ain’t no dream.” “You’re welcome to all the glory, Peck.” “You and Tippie tried to git me shot up ^ £ycr there when I was green and didn’t know the ropes. You thought you was pul- ( hn* somethin’ smart on a dude from St. f Joe; you thought you’d either git me killed off or run out of here. 1 was green, all right, but I wasn't so green I couldn't see 5	y°ur game." Kawlins sat still, keeping his mouth 4“ shut. But he was considering, with grav- ity that amounted to a great peril for Peck whether he ought not grab the hammer that lay on a cross-studding and knock the slan- tleious scoundrel cold. His muscles were setting for a quick reach and a quicker blow, when his more generous nature re- strained him. Peck was not without justi- fication in his rancorous recollection of that plot against his safety and dignity. There was not much that he could say in self defense. “You ain’t got nothing on me,” Peck in- sisted meanly. “This is as much my place as yours. You couldn’t ’a’ held it down if I hadn’t been here to stand ’em off.” Peck allowed the argument to rest there, concentrating his talents on frying the ba- con, which he always managed to put a black border around, with curled-up ends almost raw. He slashed and speared his food vindictively all through the meal, looking up from his operations occasion- ally with his round glassy eyes more bulg- ing and expressionless than usual, as if to begin the one-sided quarrel again. But he evidently thought better or worse of it, and held his peace until he was through. When Peck pushed back, everything cleared up, he seemed to be in a better humor. “I’m goin’ to be square with you, Raw- lins,” he said, producing a wallet as sud- denly as it was astonishing. “I’m goin’ to pay you, cash money, for your shack and so-called improvements 011 this place, and take your receipt for it. Then you’re go- in’ to hit the breeze.” Rawlins was so amazed by this sudden discovery of Peck’s hand that he sat across the table from him, staring. He was un- certain whether Peck was trying to pull off some kind of a joke of his own. to even past scores, or whether he had some too! notion in his head for getting possession of the homestead, the choicest site for sheep headquarters in that locality, as the sheep- men on the coroner’s jury had said. “What the devil are you drivin' at, Peck?” he asked at length, as Peck began to put money down on the table beside a folded piece of paper he had taken from the greasy leather wallet that never could have been his own. Up came Peck’s gun, which he steadied in his peculiar fashion with both hands, the left clasping the wrist of the right. “I mean you’re goin’ to hit the breeze out of here,” Peck announced, trying to look mean, succeeding fairly well. five hundred dollars, and theies a 11 102 SHORT STORIES sale for you to sign. If you make a^ break for a gun I’ll bust you wide open!1' "Peck, you’re a bigger fool than I thought you were,” Rawlins told him, ap- parently without any deeper feeling than a man would have in stating an obvious fact. “I'll show you how big a fool I am if you keep on talkin', Rawlins. I’m just big enough fool, maybe, to shoot you like I did that other feller. Who’s here to swear you didn't pull your gun first?" “Well, anyhow,” said Rawlins, appar- ently undisturbed, “I decline your offer for my improvements and possession of this place. It wouldn't do you any good even if you could make your bluff go.” Rawlins, calm as he seemed, was boiling with inward rage. He was picking up and casting away the fugacious schemes which came rushing into his mind for getting the upper hand of Peck. The man was cun- ning enough to know he had a long chance, in that none too particular community, of getting away with his plea. "You’ll have to pull your freight, money or no money. You can take it or leave it *—-that’s up to you.” Cupidity had made a tyrant out of a fool, thought Rawlins, as had happened be- fore in history. The best thing to do was try to play him on a little while for an opening, and grab his chance when it came. “I’ll send your things over to the hotel at Lost Cabin in a day or two,” Peck said. "You can go and claim ’em or you can leave ’em, but if you ever show your face around here ag’in I’ll bust you wide open!” "All right, Peck; you’re the boss right now.” Rawlins seemed to yield. "Shove that paper over here—I’ll sign it.’* "No you don’t! You don't git me to put this old gun down till you're saddled up and gone out of here. Come around here and sign it, and watch your step!” Peck got up, backing away from the chair, keeping his gun held on Rawlins, his bony shoulders hunched up, head to one side, one eye squinting along the barrel. Rawlins pushed his chair away from tlie table, trying to assume a dejected and con- quered mien. He went slowly around the end of the tabic where Peck’s old Mexican hat lay on the slab of bacon from which their dinner had been cut. The handle of the butcher kmfe; presented in a hopeful invitation to Rawlins’ eye as he passed, un- seen before that moment, unthought of un- til that breath. Rawlins snatched the knife and made a lunge at Peck, who backed off trying to cock his pistol, a precaution which he had overlooked, one to which Rawlins perhaps owed his life. Rawlins jabbed the knife against Peck's ribs, disconcerting his busi- ness of raising the hammer—it was a sin- gle-action, old-time weapon—which slip- * ped from under his thumb and came down with a roar. The bullet went somewhere; ! Rawlins was not concerned where just then, knowing it had not gone through him. ^ "Drop it!” he yelled, making Peck jump with the threat of sudden death he put into the command. Peck let it go. There was a look of ter- ror in his bulg- ing eyes as he lifted his long arms and t>eg- ged for his life. He backed off, his legs striking the cot drawn against the wall, bloodless agony in his face. “Don’t kill m e, Rawlinsn Peck begged. "I wasn’t goin’ to hurt you—it was only a bluff.” "Yes, I’m going to kill you!” Rawlins said savagely, pushing the knife till it bit "You’re not fit to live.” Peck begged in broken ejaculations as i Rawlins faced him to the wall and stood * him there with upraised hands. Then Raw- » lins dropped the knife, and snatched his i gun from the holster hanging in its accus- tomed place behind the door. Chapter XXV THE PENITENT RAWLINS began to cool down in a little while, seeing the ridiculous-8 ness of the situation. Peck was i only a comedian, take him at his worst. "Peck, I’m going to let you live—just : now,” Rawlins told him, after holding him « against the wall, hands up between the low / joists, until he was stiff with fright. "But i if I ever catch you with a gun on you again, anywhere, any’time. I’ll kill you on sight. Take off that belt!” Peck fumbled at it, weak in the knees, trembling in every joint. Rawlins motioned for him to throw it under the cot. which ' he did, and Rawlins kicked it and the gun back out of sight. Peck’s eye was on the greasy wallet and pile of greasy, sheepland money on the table. r SHEEP LIMIT “Rawlins," he appealed, turning in the supplication of abject cowardice, “let me take that money and hit it to hell out o' here before the old woman comes!” “Not on your life!” said Rawlins. “Get the ctishpan.” Peck moved limply about the order, rol- ling his unquiet eyes on Rawlins' gun, which followed him in every movement, not more than two feet from a vital part. “Fill it up with onions,” Rawlins com- manded. as Peck stood with the pan, a dumb appeal in his glassy eyes. “For God’s sake, Rawlins!” Peck pleaded. “I never could stand ’em— they'll kill me!” “You’d just as well die one way as an- other,” Rawlins told him, the gun inexora- bly approaching his ribs. Peck filled the pan, fishing the last onion out of the sack, and sat on the floor under Rawlins’ directions, the receptacle between his long legs, where he went to work on his bitter penance. Rawlins sat in the chair that Peck had occupied lately, his gun close to the back of Peck’s long neck. “I’ve got myself in a hell of a fix fol- lerin* that old woman’s lead,” said Peck, his fright beginning to turn from cold to hot. He sweated as he worked and wept, his burning eyes on the door. “You have,” Rawlins agreed coldly. Peck shook his head and wiped his eyes on his sleeve. “Let me go without the moDey, Raw- lins.” he begged. “Let me git out of that door and I’ll travel so fast it’d take two men to count me." “When you’re through with that job we’ll talk about the next,” Rawlins replied, and touched Peck’s sweating neck with the gun. “I’ll give you them sheep—you can take ’on—if you’U let me git out of here,” Peck proposed. “If I took all your interest in them I wouldn’t even own a bleat,” Rawlins said. “You’ve done a lot of talkin' about show- in’ people where they get off, Peck. You're t^retty dose to the edge right now yourself. Get busy!” Peck peeled along in the lacrimal vapor that even his long back and neck could not hoist his eyes above, sniffling, snorting, tears dropping on his dejected mustache. Presently he began to talk, trying to make a case against his wife. "Site was behind that dang fool move of raine, Rawlins,” Peck said, information which Rawlins scarcely needed, after see- ing the wallet and greasy bills. 103 “She said if I’d take my old gun and bluff you out of here she’d give me that check-book she promised and I could go the limit. She was stuck on this place for sheep; she wanted it worse than she ever wanted to marry a man in her life. You was a cripple, she said; you couldn’t do nothing with it, and some sheepmen’d come along here some day before long and boot you off. But I wasn't goin’ to hurt you, Rawlins. That gunplay of mine was all a bluff.” “I told you once that was a dangerous thing to try inside of this fence, Peck.” “I believe you. Rawlins. But I wouldn't 'a’ hurt you. If you'd ’a’ said you wasn't goin’ to take that money and stood up for your rights, I’d ’a’ backed down. That's what I had it lined up to do. I figgered you'd let me have that money if you didn't want it.” Rawlins said nothing; only put the creepy gun-barrel to Peck’s sunburned neck. Peck worked on in desperate expedition for a while, keeping his mouth.shut except when he released a groan of agony or sigh of hopelessness. “She’s coinin’ up here this afternoon," Peck said after a long silence. “By thun- der! I believe that's her now!” “Keep your seat,” Rawlins said. Peck thought better of his attempt to scramble up out of his disgraceful posture, the pan of onions between his thighs. But he looked round at Rawlins with one last plea in his red eyes. “Let me tell her I’m just a peelin’ on- ions for supper,” he begged. "Put your gun up, Rawlins, and let me tell her that. If she knows you made me do it she'll set on me the rest of my life.” “You were my guest,” Rawlins re- proached him, “and 3rou pulled your gun on me and tried to rob me. I believe you’d a killed me if you’d got' a chance at my back. Go on with that job.” Peck’s imagination was at work through his ears. It wasn’t his wife; it wasn’t any- body at all. He went on with his melan- choly task, working silently except for his sniffling and snorting and peculiar little squeaks of torture when he dropped the knife now and then to drag the sleeve of his jumper across his eyes. He came to the last onion in time, his eyes swollen and red. “Rawlins.” he begged contritely, let me have one bill of money off of that pile ana turn me loose. I'll leave this country so fast it’ll singe my hair. You can see how it’ll be with me, Rawlins, if that woman comes here anti ketches me. I’ll be sen- tenced to jail all the rest of my life. Rawlins knew Peck was right about that, for Mrs. Peck's respect would vanish like the plating on base jewelry the minute she saw her husband's failure. He was not moved bv any pity at the prospect for Peck. Whatever he might get out of that marital adventure in future would be no more than he deserved. But there was an- other side of it to consider, which Peck’s proposal suggested. That was the punishment and humila- tion of Mrs. Peck by aiding her disaffected spouse to quit her in that cold and sum- mary style. That would hit her about as hard as a divorce, for the story would go over the sheep country, from the railroad ou the north to the railroad on the south, and sheepmen and their red ladies would laugh over it in greasy delight, for Mrs. Peck was not a universal favorite, Rawlins had learned lately. Her reputation was bad in and around Lost Cabin, where she had the name of hard and tricky dealing, of hogging water and range to which she had no right under the apportionment such as other sheepmen respected. There would be no sympathy for her on the range; the story of her comical mail- order husband’s de- sertion w o ii 1 d be spread around with chuckles and grins. About the surest way for him to play even with Mrs. Peck was to speed her anx- ious husband in his unfaithful design. Peck went on with his argument, as if he had read Rawlins’ thoughts and hoped to bring him around. "If you’ll let me take a bill of that money —just one bill, I don’t care how little it is —I’ll hit it up so fast away from here I’ll set the grass afire. She’ll never ketch me this time if you’ll let me go, Rawlins. You can t prove nothing on her, you’ve only got my word for it she was at the bottom of this steal, but if you'll let tne hit it up for St. Joe right now you'll put a crimp in her. i on can take the rest of that dang money and stick it in your jeans for damages and tumble and hurt feelin’s and let me hop out of here before she shows up. She’ll think I took it all.” And you 11 hop off somewhere and get a gun and come back and shoot me in the neck. Rawlins said with recriminatory bit- terness. “You’re so crooked I wouldn’t STORIES trust you around the comer of the house.” "If I ever pick up a gun again," said Peck, lifting his hand as if taking his oath on it, “you can shoot me with a bootjack on sight, i’ve had enough of that dang gun, I wish to criminy I never saw it. 1 tell you, Rawlins, I’m done with guns; I’m through." “If 1 thought^you were tellin’ the truth, Peck, I’d let you go. But how am 1 to know ?” “Well, I tell you, Rawlins; you come with me to Lost Cabin and hold that gun of yours ag'in’ my ribs till you see me on the stage hittin’ it up for the railroad, if you doubt my word. I tell you I’m cured. I wouldn’t no more touch another gun than I’d pick up a redhot horseshoe. Give me a bill off of that pile to pay mv way to the railroad and I’ll ride the bumpers to St. Joe. You can keep the rest; you can tell her I took it all.” ‘‘1 don’t want any of it, Peck. Leave me the wallet and this paper you had drawn up for me to sign. I can use them. Take the rest and go.” Peck jumped at the word as if he had heard thunder. He stiffened eagerly, his red eyes shining. “Say, you ain’t stringin’ me, are you, Rawlins?” he asked doubtfully. “Take it and go—before I change my mind.” Peck grabbed the money and put it in the side pocket of his notable bullet-proof jumper, snatched his big hat off the side of bacon and broke for the door. He stuck his head out for a look around, tooling it in his peculiar way as if testing the wind be- fore hoisting his sail. Then he set out one foot, cautiously, with a long, striding movement. The heel of the other foot was the last sight Rawlins had of anything belonging to Dowell Peck. Which way he went, or how fast, Rawlins never knew. When he went out in a little while. Peck had disap- peared as completely as if he had taken one hop that was to land him In St. Joe. Rawlins was not troubled about the pos- sibility of Peck’s vengeful return. Heeled with that much money, urged on by the de- sire to be free of his matrimonial entan- glement and back among the sartorial charms of St. Joe. Peck would go right on. If he should miss the stage at Lost Cabin he very likely would beat it to the railroad. Rawlins believed, and correctly, as time proved, that the sheeplands would know Peck no more. Rawlins picked up the unsigned bill of SHEEP LIMIT •sale and read it. not having seen the con- tents before. It carried out what Peck •had said, for, while the writing doubtless was Peck's, with many capitals for com- mon words, many flourishes and some short cuts in spelling, there was a cunning about the composition beyond the capacity of that romantic cavalier. It was the hand of Peck, but the mind of his wife. [ Together with the greasy wallet, now empty to the leather, Rawlins put the bill of sale in the drawer of the kitchen table that served him for all purposes, left the pan of onions where it was, but got Peck’s pun and belt from under the cot and hung them behind the door. Then he went out- side to watch around for the next act in that day’s eventful doings. It was at least two hours after Peck’s going, the sun standing at midafternoon, when he saw Mrs. Peck approaching from the direction of the sheep, which Peck had ranged out that morning some distance far- ther up the creek than ever before. She stopped at the top of every slight rise as e came along, to search the valley in the icinity of the sheep, which were spread ide. She was looking for Peck, Rawlins knew. Very likely she had appointed to meet him there to get the news of his suc- cess, being too crafty to compromise her- self by appearing at the house before the fbing was settled. I Watching her wary progress toward the liouse, Rawlins decided to conceal himself in the buffalo wallow and see how she would take it when she arrived. He left the door standing open, the butcher knife on the floor where he had dropped it, the n of onions beside the table as Peck had Released it from the embrace of his ro- antic legs. But Peck's pistol he belted ound himself, and his own rifle he took n from the wall and hid. Mrs. Peck rode up from the creek in e same hesitant way. Every little while stopped, looking around anxiously. When she reached the house she hesitated off a distance, as if debating whether to dismount or ride to the door. Finally she e on, slowly, drew up in front of the >r some twenty or thirty feet away from leaned and looked into the house. Then dismounted, leaving her horse standing, d went in. She came out almost at once, so quickly *®at Rawlins, who had left his conceal- ment to go to the house and have it out with her, had to dodge behind a bush, for It* was not ready to be seen as long as she piling up evidence of her guilt by her 10	' 105 baffled and anxious search of the premises for signs of something that would accoun*: tor the apparent desertion of the place. When she had disappeared around the house, Rawlins went forward. He met her as she reappeared, bursting around the corner fairly panting with impatience. “Oh, there you are, Ned,” she said, startled, turning as white as her tough harsh skin could become without a long bleaching. “I’ve been lookin' all over for you.” “Without expecting to find me,” he said, with such a cold, hard manner as to cause her to glance at him quickly, feigning she did not understand. “I thought I'd either find you or Mr. Peck around the place,” she said. “Sure. Especially Mr. Peck. Well, Mr. Peck isn’t here.” She was looking at the two guns swing- ing on Rawlins, one of which she recog- nized with a start that seemed to make her eyes jump. She read the suggestion of what had happened to Peck in the display of his gun, as Rawlins had intended. She stood looking at Rawlins, the blood gone out of her face, her mouth open with- out a word to fill it. She was a squat, broad, coarse figure in her man’s coat and upturned overalls, with greasy sombrero pulled down on the back of her head to the ears. “He did the best he could to put through what you started him out to do, madam,” Raw- lins said with stern arraign- ment, “but you went too heavy on a chance shot that made a weak bad man out of a fool. Peck was a crow down in his giz- zard. He isn’t here any longer.” She stood there swallowing dry lumps, gulping, staring, wetting her lips with her tongue.	.... j-j “You didn’t—you didn’t—kill him, did you. Ned?" "He was too damned onery to kill! said Rawlins vehemently. “But he’s dead to you from this day on." Mrs. Peck appeared entirely over- whelmed. whether by guilt, remorse, a sense of her treachery, Rawlins could not tell. Only that she was crushed, smasneu flat, her boisterous assurance gone, ner SHORT STORIES loud authority silenced in her vulgar mouth. She did not attempt any denial, nor utter one weak word of defense. She was cauglit and convicted, and she realized it. Whatever her accomplishments in a business way, effrontery she had not learned. “Come in; I've got something of yours I want to give you,” Rawlins ordered, rather than invited. Perhaps Mrs. Peck thought it was the money. At any rate she did not hesitate, but entered as Rawlins stepped aside at the door to let her pass. She stopped short a little way within the door, looking around with renewed fear on the sight of dis- order that had urged her out a few minutes before in search of the answer. She was about to get the answer now, and she was afraid. Rawlins took the empty wallet from the drawer, handed it to her, silently. She took it, opened it, turned it with hopeless blankness, a stricken, sick look in her eyes. Rawlins unfolded the paper with Peck’s writing on it which, if he had signed un- der the threat of Peck’s gun, would have made him homeless, displaying it at arm’s length before her eyes. “You see it isn’t signed” he said, and folded it again and put it in his pocket. “Here,” he offered, pushing the pan of onions toward her with his foot, “take these away with you if you want them— they’re seasoned with Peck’s tears. You’ll never see him again. He took the money you gave him to force on me at the point of his gun. and left. He was glad to go. 1 let him leave because he said, and I be- lieved him, it would hurt you more to have him desert you than to have him killed.” Mrs. Peck turned to the door, went out, stood a little while looking around as if she expected to see Peck’s vanishing figure at the top of the hills somewhere. “You’re to blame.” she said, sorrowfully rather than vindictively; “you drove him away.” ‘‘No. you’re the one that did it.” he cor- rected her. “He’s been waiting for his chance ever since you started lo make a sheepman out of him, and you know it.” Somebody was coming in a wagon from the direction of Lost Cabin, along the old trail that used to run across the creek at that place in the days before Galloway’s fence was built. The mark of the old road was to be seen yet between Rawlins’ stack- yard and house, and this wagon, the sudden sound of its clucking as it lurched over the long-disused road startling their attention. was heading down that way. It was mj more than a quarter of a mile off wh3 they saw it first, two people on the seat, . led horse following behind. Mrs. Peck turned to Rawlins with a lit tie color in her face, a little .glint of vindic live fire in her eyes. “Thai’s Edith and Tipple,” she said “Pie follered her to Jasper the day she lefl They run oil there and got married.” She said this with cruel malevolena glad in this moment of her great humila tion, to put her tongue to somelhiug tLis would give him pain. “Give me an iuvellup and some paper— want to leave her a note.” Whatever the writing, it was soon don Mrs. Peck handed the message to Rawlin requesting him to deliver it to Edith wh< she arrived. She was mounting to ride o about her business when Rawlins hurrit to her, the unsigned bill of sale in h hand. “You may liave this—it’s no use to me he said, putting the pa|>er in her han “Nobody knows anything about it but y< and me and Peck. If you keep it und your hat nobody will ever know.” Mrs. Peck crumpled the paper and stxni it in her pocket, swung to the saddle wi agility surprising for her weight and year She looked down at Rawlins with soici thing unsaid in her open mouth, and look I at the wagon which was drawing nezi some indication of emotion in her hard f«t tures which Rawlins interpreted as sorro’i ful contrition. She thrust her hand towaJl him suddenly, without a word, as if a skin him to forget and forgive while making s fare well. Rawlins let her hand hang there untrs for a little while, the hardness of fcj wrong, the resentment of her cunniij treachery, holding back all friendly conce. sion. Then his redundant generosity ror and leveled everything. He took bj rough hand for a quick clasp, and wav* her away, secretiy wishing her better fci tune with her next man. although he kne she deserved no more than she was suffei ing that minute. Chapter XXVI TO SAVE THE SHEEP EDITH jumped out of the wagon ;j soon as she drove into Rawlin; yard and came running to him, con cern in her face, breathless in her inquii about his wound. “The sheriff told me about it, that ws SHEEP LIMIT the first I'd heard of the fight you and Peck were in,” she explained. “I was down at Jasper—1 only got back today. I passed by'here this morning and knocked on your *Joor, but there wasn’t anybody around.” Rawlins was not very successful in his attempt at unreserved cordiality, although he greeted Tippie warmly when he came over in his deliberate fashion, which nei- ther mischance to other men nor good for- tune to himself seemed sufficient to accel- erate. The wound was troublesome, but not serious, Rawlins told them. The doc- tor said he would be all right in six weeks or two months. It was unlucky to happen to a man who had hay to cut, but he had to take the bad with the good. *	“Wasn’t that Aunt Lila lopin’ off as we came up ?” Edith asked. Yes, it was Aunt Lila, and she had left a note. Rawlins produced it as he spoke, and delivered it, glad of the diversion it fiused. thankful that the congratulations e felt bound to offer in keeping with con- vention, although so contrary to his honest desire, could be staved off for a little while. Let them spring it, he told himself. He was not supposed to know anything about their business, although on the face of appearances it was plain enough for any- body to conclude. I “That’s funny,” said Edith, her face a Study in emotions as she stood looking at the brief writing Mrs. Peck had left. ^That’s darned funny,” she amended, a lit- tle more forcefully, passing the note on to fippie. I “Um-m-m,” said Tippie, glum as glue, Seeming to study the note. “Not as funny its some things I’ve read.” He handed it to Rawlins, who asked dith’s permission in a questioning glance, ith flushed, laughed queerly, nodded. Rawlins read the hastily written line or o; read again, grinned a feeble, knocked- out sort of grin, looking from one to the other. The writing ran : \ Edith J give you them sheep for a zved- ding present from your old aunt. Lila Duke. \ "Wedding present!” said Edith, red as a geranium. “Well. I like-” "Sure,” said Tippie. “Weddin’ pres- ent.” i "I con—” Rawlins began, to be stopped by Edith with interdictory hand. "Sh-h-h! You might say something,” *he said, a laugh in her eyes. ) “Sure; weddin’ present,” Tippie re- I M 107 peated. “The old lady thinks you’re goin’ to get married.” “No she don’t, Elmer,” Edith corrected him, laughter growing in her bright, happy ey?«- thinks we're married already!” You and Ned? How in the thunder could she think--” “No, you and I.” “She don’t think you’re that big a fool,” Tippie said sarcastically. Rawlins felt as if he had gone through some dreaded initiation. The relief of hav- ing it over with, and knowing that the worst fears were unfounded, gave him such a feeling of lightness he could have flapped his wings and crowed. He saw now how impossible it was. Tippie would have been the last m a n to think of such a thing, good old Tippie, honest old Tippie. Rawlins felt like \ embracing him. >	“That’s what v she think s,” Edith insisted. “And look how she signs her name: ‘Lila Duke’ What do you think she means by that?” Edith appealed to them with baffled eyes. “Habit,” said Tippie. “She’s a widow again,” Rawlins ex- plained. “Did they kill him?” Tippie asked, eag- erly hopeful. “No; he’s run off again. This time he'll make it stick.” “She’ll be the feller to get the divorce, then,” said Tippie. “That's what she means by signin’ the old name. She considers it settled already.” Edith seemed indecisive between laugh- ter and tears. The thought of Peck per- sisting in his efforts to get a free ieg once more moved the deep appreciation of hu- mor in her soul; but reflection on her aunt’s bitter humilation and misery checked the outburst. “Yes, it’s off for good this time, she said. “Aunt Lila won’t send the sheriff after him any more. Poor old soul! she deserves it, but I’m sorry for her. just the same.”	. . , “How long’s he been gone?" Tippie in- quired. “I don’t know just when he left—he was around here this morning,” Rawlins said vaguely, determined that hditb never should know of her aunt's greedy plotting to oust him from his homestead it it de- SHORT STORIES peiitled on him to tell her of it. “I think I’d better go over there and keep my eye on your sheep a while then, Edith.” Tippie proposed. “I'm afraid the old lady might experience a change of heart and drive ’em out of here.” Tippie took the saddled horse hitched at the tail of the wagon and rode off, Edith and Rawlins watching him go, the silence of embarrassment between tliem. Edith was the first to recover. “Site had her nerve to think I’d marry Elmer,” she said. “Didn’t she?” “She knew all the time I was going to Jasper to file oil a homestead in here. I told her I was going to, I asked her to tell you.” “File on a homestead! Edith! You don’t tell me? Why, she never-” “I’ve got the papers, I can prove it,” Edith laughed. “That’s mine, joining you on the east.” “Well, 1 never thought I’d have you for a neighbor," he said, his delight dampened not a little by the thought that she never intended to he anything more. “And she never said a word.” “We had a little fuss,” Edith said. “I thought as much.” “We’d had plenty of them before. About my money, you know. She said I’d used it all up in board, and education and care, and that kind of stuff, when I've worked my way ever since I’ve been with her. She never was my legal guardian, you know, Ned. She wasn’t under bond, or anything. Father asked her to look after me when he was dying; he turned over his insurance and all he had to her to keep for me.” “So that was the way of it ?” “There wasn’t much. We compromised on fifteen hundred dollars, she paid me, and I struck out for Jasper to file on that land while the filin’ was good.” “You took a long chance, I’m afraid, Edith. Hewitt was here with the last bunch that raided us, when Peck killed one of them. He isn’t the kind of man to let it drop, even though we’ve got the sher- itt behind us now. I've been looking for them every day.” Edith heard him out with a queer look of incredulity and surprise. Why, is it possible you haven’t heard the news, Ned? Sheep limit’s off; you’ve won your fight.” “Nobody’s been around here to tell me about it,” he replied, a little sarcastically, as if to say if that was her*notion of a joke he couldn’t see it. “Hut you’ve been over in town toi.iajj and that’s all they're talking about therej she said. “I didn’t see anybody but the doctor, atu he failed to mention it. What's the L| news, Edith?” “What 1 told you, Ned; sheep limit'i off. Galloway was in town himself tii# morning trying to square it and explain 4 tliis shootin'-up his gang’s been doing tt you.” “You don’t tell me?” “He was; the sheriff told us about it The sheepmen are already hittin' the rwu to Jasper in droves to file ou land in her* The sheriff says there'll be a hundred thou sand sheep on this new range inside of I week.” “Well, I wish Galloway'd done his talk in’ a little sooner,” Rawlins said. “Hoa does he explain it? What's behind hi change of heart?” “The W ool Growers’ Association is be hind it,” Edith explained. “They’re gc tin’ to be a power in politics in this corn try, and Galloway's uneasy about his j »1 He says his lease is just about out on thi land, anyhow, and he intended to take h fence away. He's been pass in’ out tja word that the limit's off, tellin' the sheef! men to go to it. He says the shoot in' h\ men did trvin’ to drive you out wasn authorized by him. He sidesteps all r* sponsibility, the sheriff says.” Rawlins was not highly elated over th news that Galloway had declared shaft limit off. It seemed to him, somehow, thi he had failed, that Galloway had fort stalled his triumph and taken every man of credit from his hand. It would appeal to the public that his fight had been ust less, untimely, ill-advised. If he ha waited a little while, the general impress* would be that he might have taken posse? sion in peace, as the rest of them would tk. Still, there would be some who woul understand Galloway’s hand had bee forced by his assertion of rights inside th fence. Those sheepmen who had bees there twice as a coroner’s jury knew th effort to oust him had been a viciousl; earnest one. It would be hard to ma» them lx'lieve Galloway had any intention o giving up the land umil he saw this per sistent homesteader was there to stay, ant his staying would be the rift in the feua that would admit so many more that sena- torial prerogative must give way before th* rush. Let the credit go where it might, sheep limit was off. the big white spot, like a des* r SHEEP LIMIT erf in a geography map, would be blank and mysterious no more. He had won what he had put his foot inside the fence to win, and much sooner, even though at greater cost, than he had expected. | "It's all right/’ he said, drawing a deep breath. “But 1 wish Galloway had begun to talk a little sooner. You’ve got your homestead, anyhow. You were lucky to get down ahead of the rush, and I appreci- ate your courage and—and your—nerve, much more than 1 can tell you. Are you going on to the ranch ?” “No, it’s all off down there for me. I’ve got my tent and all I need in the wagon— that’s what I went on to Lost Cabin for ;tliis morning. I traded in my saddle- horse to Smith Phogenphole on that team and wagon." f “It looks like a good team, and I guess the wagon’s all right. You know more about that sort of thing than I do, Edith. Are you going to camp on your home- stead ?” I “Sure. I’m here to stay. And I sup- pose—” seriously, face averted—“I’ll have to marry somebody now, or lose the sheep, wo wedding, no present. That’s the way [Aunt Lila'll figure it.” I “I wish there wasn't a sheep in the world!” he said, with such bitterness it fceemed he must have taken a sudden and Seep dislike for the wooly genus. I “That’s no kind of talk for a sheepman,” file corrected him gently. “I couldn’t ask you to marry me just to ,ve a band of dirty sheep,” he said, ridic- ously, as he realized when he saw her t her hand over her mouth to stifle a ugh. “I always intended to,” he drove I’ve planned toward it ever since I t saw you, Edith. And now—Darn it, dith, you’d think I wanted to marry you st to save the sheep!” “Foolish !” said Edith, facing round with encouraging grin. “It would be just same with me if there wasn’t any sheep, hat do you suppose I took up that home- d for?” tWhy,” pleadingly, hopefully, “you dn’t take it up just because you wanted to i my neighbor, did you, Edith ?” “I took it up because I had to do it while was single, and I wanted that land in the mily.” Edith,” earnestly, firmly, “when Elmer es back I'll ask him to stay around here I we go over to town and—and-” i “Get it over with?” she laughed. “No, fee's not going to be any grand rush tiie 10 109 about this thing, Ned. I’m going to camp over on my claim, but I’m going to look after you till your arm gets well. It’ll be all right—Elmer’s going to be here with us. He’s taken up the half-section on the west of you.” “The old rascal, not to say a word to me about it!” Yes, he s quit Aunt Lila. He’s going to stock up with a fine breed of sheep and go into it on a big scale. I expect Aunt Lila’ll sell out now; she’s talked of it a good while.” Tippie was coming back from his sur- vey of the sheep, evidently satisfied that Mrs. Peck was not hovering around them in the indecision of a changing heart. “You re a hospitable and neighborly man, I must say,” Edith pretended to ac- cuse Rawlins, with the freedom of a lady whose claims on a man have been adjusted to her entire sat- isfaction. “I’ve seen the outside of your house from the hills a hundred times, and now when I'm up to it you ^don’t even invite ' me to look in- side.” “It’s all kicked up and thrown around in there,” he tried to justify himself. “I've been one-sided for a week, and Peck wasn’t much good for housework. You must excuse appear- ances, Edith, and not judge my habits by what you see.” Edith laughed at the disorder, at the crude housekeeping attempts, and un- washed dishes which were spread around, some of them even on Rawlins’ cot. But it was the pan of peeled onions under the table that caused her special merriment. “What on earth did you clean them all at once for, Ned?” she wanted to know. “Or did you do it? Of course not, with one hand" It must have been Peck. But why ? Were you expecting company ?” Rawlins stood by grinning, feeling him- self cornered for a reasonable explanation. He wished he had put the pan under the bed when he had come in for a minute after Mrs. Peck’s departure to take off Peck's gun. “It was done 011 a little bet this morn- ing between Peck and me,” he said. “Peck bet me his gun he could clean all the onions without shedding a tear, and he lost. END KEEP GOING By J. D. NEWSOM Author of “Boots," “Three Days' Lcaz’e FOR COUNTLESS MILES OF MARCHING IN SUNNY FRANCE PRIVATE COOPER HAD BEEN NAGGED AND JEERED AT BY THE BULLYING CORPORAL WALTHON. WHEN A MAN WAS FOOTSORE, READY TO DROP, THERE WOULD ALWAYS COME THAT SNARLING ‘‘KEEP GOING.'" BUT WHEN THEY GOT INTO ACTION AMONG SHELLS AND MACHINE-GUNS, "KEEP COINC” CAME TO MEAN SOMETHING ELSE THE battalion had been on the move ever since dawn, going at a snail’s pace along congested roads where an unending stream of motor traffic raised clouds of gray-white dust. The air was full of gaso- line fumes, dust and profanity. Truck drivers and ambulance drivers, all of them in a great hurry, cursed the battalion, and the battalion, its collective mouth full of grit, cursed back as best it could. It was a baking hot, cloudless day. The tall poplars lining the road offered no pro- tection against the glaring sun, and the men crawled along, sweating, limping, blasphemously disgusted with the war, with France, with themselves. It w’as roll- ing, open country through which they were marching; on either side of the road there were fields of yellow wheat aswim in the dancing heat haze; clumps of trees crowned the low ridges closing the horizon. Most of the time the battalion was forced to keep to the grassy bank by the road- side, dodging along between the trees and the ditch. 1 he bank was cut by drainage gulleys so that the men walked for a few yards and then had to jump across a ditch. This method of marching made them look like merry school children out on a picnic, skipping and frisking out of sheer joy’ but the things they said would have singed the hair off the average school boy's head Skipping ditches with a full pack on one’ back, full cartridge pouches, a box res pirator, a ritie, not to speak of entrench ing tools, bayonet and a steel helmet—skip ping ditches when thus encumbered doe not improve a battalion’s temper. Moreover, they had lost their brigad and the colonel was riding up and down th line, trying to inspire his men to stil greater exertion when he was not dodginj motor trucks. Something was happening over the edge of the horizon, somethin* great and portentous, to the accompanimen of heavy shelling which reached the march ing men like an overtone to the rumblinj wheels of the traffic. Wounded men limped by on the otha side of the road, and a flock of very dirtj German prisoners stood al>out with theii hands in their pockets—to hold up theii pants, for all the buttons liad been cut ofi to make their escape too foolish to be con- templated. The battalion’s officers and senior non- coms were even more short-tempered than their men. Not because they had strayed far from the fold and knew not where ta find it, but because with every passing kilometer they were losing men who could not keep up with the procession. A reinforcement draft of two hundred 10 KEEP GOING nd fifty men had joined up two days be- ore; their feet were soft, their lungs were weak, their backs were broken and their {cgs were so much mush. The old hands, he veterans of the Argonne woods, tramped through the dusty grass without too much trouble, but the newcomers found life very' hard indeed, and dumbly won- dered what it was all about. Corporals, sergeants and some officers ,ded them along, but every so often a sat down, collapsed or rolled into the itch, and stayed there, refusing to be oved either by threats or appeals to his r nature. And his superiors had to ve him there because the battalion went er onward, like time and tide, waiting for no man. One man, however, try as he might, could not drop out and go peacefully to sleep by the roadside. He was a short, Spare young man by the name of Randolph Cooper, whose head bobbed drunkenly 011 his shoulders as he walked, for he was very- tired. In addition to his other equipment he was bent beneath the weight of an auto- matic rifle. He shambled along at a jog- trot, his knees giving way at each step, and he skipped no ditches. He stepped iown into each gully and climbed painfully |p the other side. Dust was caked on his ce, where sweat had grooved little chan- ls, giving his countenance a frightful ap- arance which unfortunately did not ter- fy Corporal Walthon. Walthon was large, beefy and muscular, 'here other men had to trot he strode ng, taking long easy steps. Most of the e he was stepping on Cooper’s heels; iberately stepping on Cooper’s heels, e, too, was hot and sweaty, and his prom- ent blue eyes were rimmed with eyelashes vy with clotted dust. His tunic was hooked, exposing his bull neck and his est, which was indeed hairy. He was not losing any men. Every few onds his large voice boomed lustily eep moving, youse guys! Keep mov- First man drops out I’ll bat him one it’ the butt end of my rifle. Gwan! eep moving! There’s a war on.” But Cooper was his pet aversion. Cooper d joined with the last draft and was top ntlemanly to suit Walthon. He didn’t Jsat his beans off his knife and he didn’t gem to know how to swear. Moreover, ** was very quiet and had a great respect >»or Walthon’s stripes. When Walthon lied him names he smiled sadly. That lile got Walthon’s goat in something less in than fifteen seconds flat, so he loudly de- clared. He gave Cooper no peace or rest. "Gwan X2JJ. p00r. broken blossom,” he boomed! "1 his ain t no time for any of your kid- glove stuff. Keep moving. Snap into it!” Cooper kept moving, looking over his shoulder from time to time with a despair- ing look in his eyes. The smile was quite gone. The battalion came to a hill which the road climbed without a twist or a turn. It was ten o’clock in the morning, and grow- ing hotter and hotter. Cooper got halfway up and stopped, leaning against a tree- trunk, his mouth hanging open, gurgling for air. “Well, what d'vou think you’re doing?” barked Walthon. "Posing for your pic- ture? Gwan, git going!” "But, Corporal,” pleaded Cooper. "I can’t. I'm worn out, I swear I am, Cor- -gun. Hop along, now. Hop!” "Can’t I rest for a second? I’ll catch up "Over my dead body you’ll fail out,” jeered Walthon, catching his victim by the coat collar and pushing him along. "Gwan, git going. Keep moving.” This undignified treatment, which aroused the whole section's primitive sense of humor, made Cooper very mad indeed. "Corporal,” he said between set teeth, “if you step on my feet again- “Spit it out,” urged Walthon. "What's on your mind ?” "I—why, I’ll report you!” Cooper said wildly. “I’ve had all I can stand, and if you don’t stop I swear I'll report you!" "Ain't he cute?” bellowed Walthon. “Sergeant, here’s a guy wants to report me.” Sergeant Gorton was too hot and pi eoc- cupied to argue. "What’s trouble?” he in- quired.	. "This bird Cooper claims I been climb- ing up his heels,” Walthon answered bois- terously. "He’s been trying to fall out all morning.” "Walk on ’em some more, urged L*or- ton. “Damn it. if any more men drop be- hind we won’t muster a full company by the time we get where we’re going.” "Where is it ve are going, Sergeant, called out a little East-side New Yorker by the name of Goldringer. "Ve going to the war this time?”	„	. "You know as much as I do, grunted 112 Gorton. 41 fust keep going.” YValthon winked at Cooper and jeered, “There y’are, old kid. I'm reported. What d’you know about that ? Gwan!” he added savagely as Ceoper stumbled. ‘‘Keep go- ing, or 1 *11 walk all over you.’' “Oy 1” laughed Goldringer. “Vat a life. vat a life, eh, Cooper? Ain't ve got fun?" There was murder in Cooper’s eyes as the whole section shouted loud inquiries af- ter the health of its ‘"poor broken blossom.” His good manners seemed to be deserting him rapidly. ‘ You think you’re damn4 funny” he snapped at Walthon. “Well, I guess you are, but I’m going to get you far this, and get you good and plenty.” Walthon looked at him curiously, won- dering whether the worm really was about to turn. But he dismissed the incident with a grunt. “All right, kid/’ he agreed. “But you better save your breath just now—and keep going. C’mon, snap into it." They tramped on, up hill and down dale, over roads blocked by traffic and lanes that •were deserted save for stragglers and wounded men, and as they drew nearer to the sound of the guns they came upon dead men and dead horses, lying stiffly by the roadside. They passed through a village, wrecked, burned out and smoking, and went on up a long slope into a belt of trees where the dead lay thick. In the wood they found the rest of the brigade all snarled up wirh horse transport and trucks and artillery limbers. As they passed close to a ravine a howitzer battery opened fire with a roar. Cooper, who was not used to the sound of guns going off at close range, leaped side- ways, dropped the automatic rifle on one man’s toes and collided with another before he could be stopped. "Dear, dear!1' exclaimed Walthon, catch- ing him by the belt and dragging him back into place. “Ain’t we the nervous one! Gwan, you saphead, pick up that gun and git going.” T he whole section said rude things about Cooper s morale, and he hobbled along af- ter that one spasm, without paying any at- tention either to his mates’ abuse or to the roar of the howitzers. But he thought a The wood was full of guns, tucked away in odd corners, and all of them came into action at the. same time, so that the noise became deafening and the vibration shook the leaves off the trees. At last after long delays, while guides SHORT STORIES Lost their way in the green-lit depths 1 the wood, the battalion rcached its a pointed po&itit on the eastes fringe of t V wood. Bey on .the land f i away toward blazing villqj which waft st rounded X broad fields < wheat. A Uf lined road pai 1 ed close to t village, cutd diagonally across die battalion’s front, a a line of telegraph poles, marked tlie tra of a railway hidden in a cutting, whi crossed tlie highroad at right angles. Son where within the triangle formed by i wood, the road and tlie railway there wij Germans, many of them. Two attacks.) seemed, lia.d failed to dislodge the eneii who was hanging on desperately to j| railroad cutting and tlie wreckage of i village. Peering through the underbrush Coon could sec the black vomit cast up by I heav}'- shells that were battering the Iii: and the white and black smoke puffs 1 shrapnel making strange patterns agais the sky. At that distance, however, it did ij seem very terrible, even though the soic of the bombardment rolled back like cea! less'thundcr. By degrees his eyes adapt themselves to the distance and he real i: 3 dimly what was happening. Over by I highway a strong, thick tree was all at oii torn in two and flung away. When j smoke of the explosion cleared nothil hot a splintered stump remained. A_r< - roofed bam on the outskirts of the villi 5 crumbled in a great shroud of pink d I and bright yellow smoke. The wrecks j caught fire. Away off to the left several lines of rrl were moving through the wheat. Cooj' saw the shrapnel puffs appear in the sj above them. The lines seemed to be blo’i to pieces. The wheat was full of shado’I troughs. Here and there men still movl forward. Machine-guns clattered angri' No more men were moving through t wheat and the guns closed down agai hunting out the machine-guns. Horror-struck, Cooper stared at t leaping fountains of earth and smoi watching for those midgets to reappear. “Veil, vat you looking at?” inquin 10 KEEP GOING GoWrmger, lying close beside him in the underbrush. "Seen a ghost or some- thing?” “Did yon see what happened over there?*’ choked Cooper. “They were blown to bits, to bloody bits!” “Aw, that’s all the bunk,” declared Wal- thon, whose face was pasty white, for he bad been watching the attack also. “They’re lying down, waiting for the guns to finish the job. Quit belly-aching, you : poor matt, you're enough to give the whole regiment conniption fits. Pipe down, for God’s sake, pipe down!” Other men with the same savage empha- i sis urged Cooper to shut 'up and lie still. | They needed no reminder of the job that [ lay ahead of them. But Cooper could not lie still. Here he was face to face with something new and frightful. It scared him half to death, while the other half of him wanted comfort and sympathy. He certainly got neither from that gang. Along the fringe of the wood too many men were getting ready to answer their Maker’s call, and none of them had any pity to spare. Cooper buried his head in his arms and wept salt tears of misery and disgust. He was tired beyond the limit of endurance, he was hungry, he was hot, ants were crawling down the back of his coat collar, and he didn't care if it snowed ink. “Oy!” cackled Goldringer, finding this display of emotion highly contagious. ‘Must ve all be killed by those great shells ! Vat a vaste of life it is. Ve vas told the Germans vas running avay. Look at ’em running away, for God, look at them then! Ve are losing the war!” Walthon, who had no nerves, caught Cooper by the shoulder and jerked him to ‘ is feet. You lousy bum,” he snarled. “You’re a soldier now, and if you don’t quit boohoo- *ng I’ll lay you over my knee, so help me ' ' and pound the life outen youse. -Mmon, my fragrant blossom, smarten up a bit!” He gave Cooper a friendly kick for the Cgood of his soul, and that last indignity put tfresh courage into Cooper. 1 “I'll get you for that!” he said savagely. “You big stiff, you can’t get away with that ^rt of thing. D’you hear? I’m going to get you good and plenty.” £ Walthon noting the look of fury in his I victim’s eyes, nodded his approval. ‘"I hat’s dandy,” he declared. “Just hold until we get in among the Krauts and ou'll be jake. You’re coming on, kid, 're coming along.” 3*3 T hen the Germans turned their guns onto the wood, hunting for concealed bat- teries, and for the next half hour the bat- talion suffered most terribly. Men were crushed and buried beneath falling tree- trunks and whole platoons were blown to pieces and scattered among the hign branches. It lasted no more than thirty minutes, but they were eighteen hundred seconds of living hell, while the air was full of screaming things and the ground opened up and belched hot gases upon the men. Sweating inside their masks they lay close to the ground with nothing to do but wait, wait, wait, for the rush of the shell that would bring death to them. At last the guns switched off, concen- trating on the batteries farther back in the wood and the battalion came out of its trance. It was late afternoon, the sun was slowly going down into a haze of pur- ple dust, and the trees were full of thick- ening shadows. Down below in the golden plain the fight still raged, neither side gain- ing or losing. Thick clouds of smoke hung above the smashed village, casting a long, weird shadow upon the wheat. Then came the order to move out of the wood. Sergeant Gorton gave orders in a clear voice which rang among the trees. “You see ^ vi,,ase? Pine. “ ' • Left of that there's a road and a level crossing. Got that ? Right* Oar foll-cs are held up just this ^ side of the vil- ^ lage and they're getting cut to hell by machine- guns in the railway cutting. You can’t see the cutting, bnt it’s there right enough. We’re going to clean it up before nightfall and hold it, so’s everything’ll be jake for tomorrow’s show. The next division is away forward on the right, waiting for us _get that? We’re holding up the works. Another regiment was already moving forward, bearing off toward the highway, where the wink-wink-wink of rifle and ma- chine-gun fire was plainly visible in the fading light. Cooper found himself mov- ing also, gripping his liayonetted rule so hard that his fingers grew cold and numb The wheat was full of concealed shell holes; dead men were everywhere under- foot, so that the battalion tnpped and stum bled through all kinds oi half seen horrors. SHORT STORIES and the officers were busy keeping the long line steady as if it were on parade, instead of marching to its many deaths across a cliarnel house. Cooper kept one eye on Walthon, firmly resolved to carry out his threat, but he no- ticed with cooling ardor that Walthon was watching him also. Soon he had other things to think about, for stray bullets were beginning to whine past his head. Here and there, almost unnoticed in the breast-high wheat, men were beginning to drop, and the battalion left in its wake a dreadful trail of broken men, whose voices cried out for a little while and then were lost in the growing din. The long line pressed on, tramping, tramping, tramping through the rich ripe wheat where there were already so many dead. They went down into a shallow fold in the ground, and there the German shrap- nel caught them. Like the steady hiss of hail on water, the bullets beat down upon the crops. The battalion went on at a jog- trot, moving quickly out of that whistling inferno. Up on the crest of the ridge lay the advance posts—the survivors of other attacking waves who had reached that high point and could go no farther. They were strange, powder-blackened creatures, un- lovely to behold, but they raised a weary cheer as the battalion swung on its way, erect, unblinking, grimly splendid, and heartbreakingly proud as they paraded past the shell holes where the outposts lay. The long twilight was ending and the sun was a disk of copper, gleaming behind violet and saffron streamers, but it was light enough yet for men to see the dark mass of the village and their objective to the left of it, marked bv the tops of tele- graph poles, standing out black and gaunt against the sky. Then all along the front dropped the creeping barrage, timed to the second, a liv- ing, leaping, flashing wall of steel and earth. Deafening and overwhelming, it seemed to blow the earth itself out of be- ing, to pulverize and scatter it and turn it upside-down. “Keep up with it! Keep close!” yelled Gorton. “You’re bearing off too much to the left-” Cooper swayed away, shielding his face with his arm as he heard the rising shriek of an onrusliing shell. It struck the ground at Gorton's feet. the. blast of the explosion flung Cooper to t\e ground. Gor- ton was gone, blotted out. " Lumps of earth, fragments of hot metal rained down on Cooper's back and legs. He lay still, wrenched by an uncontrollable fit of nau- sea. for he had seen his first man most hideously killed. He shut his eyes to try to keep out the picture: an arm suddenly detached, sailing through the air, and Gor- ton’s head- “Up wit’ you, me broken blossom!” It was Walthon's raucous voice, braying in his ear, and Walthon’s gun butt was hammering against the small of his back. “C'mon! Git going; there’s nothing wrong wit’ you. Git up, keep going!” His words were blown away by the hur- ricane of sound, for the German counter- barrage had come down, and the craziest nightmare conjured up by the craziest brain was as nothing compared to the immensity of that flashing clamor. Into it, into the twilight of smoke and noise went the battalion. The colonel was down and the senior captain was gone, and companies were commanded by ser- geants, and not a German yet had been sighted. In small groups the survivors drifted along, like phantoms stumbling through a red-shot darkness full of wild shrieks, dust and the spreading black spouts of bursting shells. Cooper went on, because to go back was senseless. Sometimes there were men be- side him, and sometimes he went on all alone. Dead men lav everywhere: curled up in shell holes, flat on their backs, staring up slack-jawed at the flaming summer sky; caught in grotesque poses. Walthon loomed out of the flying dust. He trudged along beside Cooper, head bent down on his short neck, seemingly preoc- cupied by the important business of step- ping carefully over the dead. His long strides carried him past Cooper. He half I turned with a quick, threatening gesture. “Keep going!" he yelled. “Cmon!” “Going’s fast as I can,” Cooper shouted back angrily. “Git on faster,” ordered Walthon. He grabbed at Cooper's shoulder and tried to drag him along, for company’s sake. But Cooi>er tripped and went sprawling into a shell hole where there was a puddle of cold blood. He started to scramble out, sickened by the sight of the soft things*spattered in that hole, but he flattened out again as a slither- ing shriek, rising clear above the uproar, warned him of onrushing doom. The shell burst a few yards ahead. One great hunk of steel ripped the pack off his back and the dark sky rained dirt clods upon him. He struggled to his feet, and went on. In a daze he tripped upon something that KEEP GOING lay in front of him. The “something” was Corporal Walthon, half buried bv the ex- plosion but unhurt. Cooper's boot caught him full in the face. Walthon bellowed. "Yon mutt, you done it a-purpose, just as you said you would! I’ll skin ye alive. You been lay- ing for me, ye lousy skunk !’* "You’re a liar," yelled Cooper. "I didn’t do it on purpose. I didn’t even see you. Hurt?” “You did do it a-purpose!” brayed Wal- thon. “Dig me out, you hunk of tripe. Dig! I’m caught all down one side.” “All right, I’ll dig you out,” Cooper re- torted savagely, carried a,way by the bril- liancy of the thought which had just flashed through his mind. “But, by God, 111 take one real kick at you first! You got it coming your way.” And clumsily he aimed a kick at a por- tion of Walthon’s anatomy rising slightly higher than the rest of him. Then he dug while the corporal raved and swore he would kill him and squirmed his way out of the heavy shroud. All at once the inevitable consequences of his rashness dawned upon Cooper. He had deliberately struck a non-com on the held of battle. Appalled by what he had done, all his fine courage oozing out of him, he took to his heels. Glancing back over his shoulder he saw the dark bulk that was Walthon come lumbering after him. Abruptly he passed out of the heart of the barrage. It was almost dark, all color had drained out of the sky, and the plain was dull gray. Ahead the trees lining the highway were black fingers raised against tlie sky. He was all alone in the wheat, going straight toward the German line. Ap- parently the attack had fizzled out. He decided to lie down and wait'for orders, but he caught sight of Walthon hurrying along close behind him. He was much more afraid now of Walthon than he was of a I whole army corps of Germans. He bounded ahead, diving into the wheat. He ■	was startled to the verge of nervous pros- t tration to find himself lying next to little h- Goldringer. “For God, where is everybody?” chat- | tered the East-sider. “What a terrible business this is! Not another step vill I it make till I am given orders. It ain’t sen- ; sible!” “We got to reach the embankment,” ’ snapped Cooper, goaded on by fear of the |c corporal. “Come on, buddy, let’s get 1there. I don't see any Germans; I guess US our barrage did the trick.”* But other men had struggled through the curtain of fire and were moving forward. A machine-g u n began to clatter, another joined in and yet another. A stream of bul- lets sang above Cooper and Goldringer a s they hugged the ground. Wheat stalks cut by the terrible reapers fell upon their backs. ‘‘I guess we might as well quit—” be- gan Cooper. Ihen he felt a hand close on his ankle. He wrenched himself away and crawled on, exhibiting an astonishing turn of speed on his hands and knees. Goldringer stayed close beside him. “Veil, vy don't you quit?” gasped the East-sider. “This is craziness, or did you want the Medal of Congress or some- thing?” “Medals, hell!" Cooper said simply. “Keep going', you poor simp or we’ll both get killed.” They came to a broad lane in the wheat. At the end of the lane there was a machine- gun. They could see tlie spurt of flame winking in the growing darkness, and they flattened out as the bullets whipped by less than a foot above their heads. The artil- lery fire was dying down, though shrapnel was still being sprayed over the German positions at the intersection of the highway and the railroad cutting. “Enough!” whispered Goldringer. “This is a great foolishness, I am telling you. Suppose ve find a good, deep hole-" But the wheat crackled and swayed closc behind them and Cooper shied like a skit- tish colt.	t “Keep moving,” he rasped. “We’re nearly there. They can’t see us; it’s al- most dark. Come on, don’t be scared. I’m with you!” They had lost all contact with their com- pany, with their battalion, and it seemed to them that they alone were lying up close to the German line. With set teeth and eyes bulging out of their heads they crawled along on their bellies, gaining a foot, a yard at a time, levering themselves forward on their elbows. Rifle fire and the sharp crack ot hand grenades broke out over on their left. It was quite dark, and the flash of the exp o- sions made bright splashes of light. -Look- 116 SHORT STORIES ing behind him Cooper saw Walthon on his knees in the wheat, peering cautiously from side to side. There was a look of cold fury on the corporal’s face which sent Cooper floundering along as if devils were behind him. The whole sector was alive with little fights which ilared up. died away and flared up again to the tune of banging rifles and the rap-rap-rap of machine-guns. Mares soared tip along the line of elm trees, where the heavy smoke of bursting shells billowed like low hanging clouds. Apparently the attack liad failed to reach its objective, the shallow railway cutting, and had turned ofF too much to the left. Side by side Cooper and Goldringer crawled on among the shell holes, keeping well away from that broad lane in the wheat, until abruptly they were confronted by a rusty iron fence. Almost on top of them a machine-gun opened fire, crashing and spitting for a full half minute. And in that half minute they worked their way beneath the wire and fell in on top of the gun-crew. They killed them, fighting like wild men with all the pent up misery and terror they had experienced to give them fresh strength. When it was over they were purged of their terror for they had battled against great odds and won. The dead lay be- neath their feet; three shadowy corpses tumbled in the bottom of the dark, black hole. Fear of Walthon was blotted out of Cooper’s mind. Instead he felt immensely elated. He slapped Goldringer on the back and exclaimed, “We’ve done it, buddy! We got here after all!” “Aw, say it mit flowers,” urged Gold- ringer in a sibilant whisper. “We ain't safe yet. This place is crawling mit Heinies.” “And to hell with Walthon!” added Cooper, pursuing his own train of thought. “I’ll break his neck if ever I see him again.” “Keep quiet,” snarled Goldringer. “Full of Heinies here, I am telling you.” The cutting seemed to be lightly held, for they were left alone for a long while and had lime to remember how tired and thirsty they were before anyone disturbed them. Somewhere along the way Cooper had lost his automatic rifle, but they found three Lugers on the dead men, and to keep awake they tried to experiment with the German machine-gun. It jarred off with a rattle, almost kicking the grips out of .Cooper’s hands. Working quickly they swung the gun around on its tripod so that it commanded the railroad embankment and the cutting, then they sat down to wait for what might befall. The feeling of elation gradually wore .off, and they were so weary that they would fall asleep for short, terrible sec- onds, awaking with a convulsive start as their jaded bodies sagged down and down. The night dragged along. The stars were beginning to pale when a German suddenly appeared on the brink of the hole. He gave a grunt of dismay when Gold- ringer cried, “Hit him once, Cooper! It is a Heinie!” There was a revolver in the German’s hand. He drew back and fired twice. Both bullets thudded into Goldringer’s shoul- der. Cooper brought the man down with a single shot through the throat. He top- pled sideways down the embankment. It was all over in a flash, but Goldringer was dying and several men were running along the cutting toward the fallen German. “Get the gun going,” choked Goldringer. “I feed it yet.” So, instead of lying quietly in the post where they might have escaped detection for a while longer, they brought the ma- chine-gun to bear on the men in the cutting and opened fire. It was rank bad shoot- ing, but some of the bullets struck home and the group dispersed. Up and down the e m b a n k - ment the fight flared up. Taken off their guard the Germans fired wildly- A party advanced boldly along the wire fence on the embankment, and Cooper blew them off their feet. After that no more men tried to reach the post in so bold and dircet a fashion. Cooper’s wrists were almost broken, but he kept the gun going, cursing himself whenever the jerking weapon almost leaped out of his hands. Beside him Goldringer was dving. lying propped up against the side of the hole, his head thrown back, blood trickling out of his mouth. The light was growing fast, the east was striped with silver. Hugging the edge of the cutting, running fast, a compact group of Germans bore down upon the captured post. Wearily Cooper trained the gun upon them. He no longer cared what hap- pened if only he could sleep for just a little while. The gun clattered deafeningly. a few Germans fell; the rest pressed on. One 10 KEEP GOING 117 man flung a grenade. It burst just short of the pit and lashed Cooper's face with gravel. He pressed hard against the thumb pieces, but the gun was silent. The belt was empty. He tugged at the .Luger in his pocket. Someone leaped into the hole almost on top of him. “Keep going, kid ! Hold it!” It was Walthon, with the automatic rifle pressed close to his shoulder. The Ger- mans went down in a straggling heap, strung out along the side of the cutting. “Great stuff, buddy !” croaked Walthon. “I been hunting for you all night. How’re you tooting?" “Not so bad,” answered Cooper, grin- ning through the blood streaming down his face. “You see—I kept going after I left you.” “I’ll say you did,” agreed Walthon. “God, how you can sprint!” “Yep, and I sprinted myself into this mess by keeping going. I guess we’re just about through.” “That’s about right. Still, we kept go- ing and got here, by heck! Shake, kid, you’re jake.” Half a dozen machine-guns sprayed the pit with lead, forcing them down while up the cutting came a fresh party of Germans. “Let’s give ’em hell!” shouted Cooper, suddenly bossing his corporal. “We got to pass out sometime.” But before they could move the combined American and French barrage struck all along the line, and they lay in the bottom of the hole while howitzer shells and then 75's transformed the cutting into a seeth- ing caldron of smoke and wailing death. The sides of the pit caved in. They crawled out into another shell hole, taking the automatic rifle with them.N Eventually, after long hours it seemed, ^ the hurricane moved on and their deafened ears caught the sound of machine-guns. They saw coal-scuttle helmets bobbing up. Mechan- ically they brought the automatic rifle to bear and emptied it all along the crest of .the embankment A dozen men appeared, marching stead- ily through the gray dust-fog, just as they had marched the day before—their own people. Lying side by side they watched them go forward, tumbling down the em- bankment and up the other side. More doughboys and yet more went by. Some of them waved to the two scarecrows and jerked their thumbs over their shoulders One man called out, “Gwan back, you two. This ain’t your show.” “I guess he's right at that.” agreed Wal- thon. “How about it, kid? Had enough?” “I’ll say I have,” cried Cooper. “Fine. Listen,' buddy, help me up. I got a lump of lead in my leg somewhere. Feels kind of numb.” They helped each other to their feet and went forlornly back across the broken land, hobbling through the lines of advancing men, unknown and unsung—the first Yanks to reach that cutting and to stay there. Walthon was sagging at the knees so badly that Cooper had to half carry, half drag him along-, until they stumbled upon a "party of stretcher-bearers, hunting through the much trampled wheat for wounded men. “I can walk O. K.,” Cooper said roughly, “but you better give this corporal a ride. He’s all in.” ’	. “You're dead right I am, whispered Walthon. “Say, kid, you kep going line. Cooper said nothing tmtil "Walthon lay full length on a stretcher. Then he looked down, scowling. “Poor broken blossom ?” he muttered thickly. “Poor broken hell! I can keep going ten times longer than any 0/ t-ie^e *	'Then5he pitched forward into th wheat and had to be carried back also. BEGINNING - IN OUR NEXT ISSUE) f A Great Mystery Serial The Missing Chancellor By J- S. Fletcher HIS OWN LOGS By ROBERT E. PINKERTON Author of "Hell and High Water,” "Calked Shoes," etc. GIANT FORESTS NO LONGER WERE LOGGED IN THE OLD FASHION KNOWN TO “HELL AND HIGH WATER" JACK MEAD AND HIS SON JERRY. WHEN IT CAME TO THE DAY WHEN JACK’S GRANDSON HAD TO PROVE HIS MANHOOD, HOWEVER, AND HIS RIGHT TO THE FIGHTING NAME OF MEAD, YOUNG "j. J." BUCKED A HARD CAME IN A NEW WAY, A ONE-MAN BATTLE AGAINST ODDS, AND BUCKED HIS COURSE THROUGH A DESPERATE HAZARD TO GLORIOUS AND W'ORTHY VICTORY Chapter I A JOLT FOR "HELL AND HIGH WATER” CARL JENSEN, logging oper- ator, waylaid Captain Mackaye as he was about to return to the Okisollo’s bridge. “B’ jiminy, Skipper, she ban pretty thick!” he exclaimed. “Funny thing this time of year." “Nothing’s funny about the weather on this coast,” Captain Mackaye growled. lie leaned over the rail, staring ahead. ‘What would you do now if you were aboard that yacht you are always talking of Jjuying?” he asked at last. B jiminy, I never worry,” Jensen an- swered. ‘‘I hire a skipper to worry for me,” Captain Mackaye had often amused him- self with the lumberman's yachting ambi- tions; but just now the fog was thick and getting thicker and, like all mariners, the skipper hated fog. His present run, up the British Columbia coast from Vancouver, was particularly difficult, with strong tidal currents, narrow channels and landing floats in out of the way coves and arms of the sea. He was about to return to the bridge when, following the hoarse roar of the Okisollo’s whistle, he heard the shrill air signal of a small craft directly ahead. Cap- tain Mackaye stiffened at the rail and stared into the gray curtain. The Okisollo’s whistle roared again, and then out of the fog on the port bow came a dim shape that quickly took form as a small motor yacht. Especially from the height of the steam- er’s deck, she created an impression of doughtiness. Except for a pilot-house, and trunk cabin aft, her decks were clean and flush. Yet in line she was unmistak- ably a yacht, and her bright work was rub- bed, her brass shining. The royal ensign floated from the signal mast and the stars and stripes at the stern. A laughing, boyish face was thrust out of a pilot-house window and there came a piping, friendly note from the whistle. The mate on the bridge answered, and then the yacht’s skipper spied Captain Mackaye and shouted a greeting. n8	jo HIS OWN LOGS "B' jimmy!” Jensen began admiringly as the white craft melted into the fog astern. “Wait!” Mackaye commanded as he lis- tened intently. “I thought so. You don’t often see one without the other.” There was another shrill whistle ahead, a cocky, assertive and wholly fearless blast, and then out of the fog, slightly on the starboard bow, came a gray blur.” Captain Mackaye and Jensen hurried across the deck and leaned over the other rail. At first glimpse it appeared to be a work or fish boat, with black hull, gray pilot- house, full bows, broad beam and wide stern. But the last third of her fifty feet showed a trunk cabin and, like the white yacht, she flew the royal ensign on her sig- nal mast and tlie stars and stripes astern. An old man stood in the pilot-house door and the head of another patriarch was thrust out a pilot-house window. They waved casually to Captain Mackaye, stared critically at the Okisollo, and then their craft slipped astern and was lost in the fog. “You on a yacht!” Captain Mackaye ex- claimed scornfully. “That old fellow standing in the pilothouse door, he could buy you and your lumber camp a hundred times and never miss the money. But you don't see any white pants and gold lace on him or any tea table on his after deck.” “Who is he?” asked Jensen, a trifle taken aback by the skipper’s vehemence. “Jack Mead of Seattle. He and his son, Jerry, are the Mead Lumber Company. Hell and High Water Jack, they used to call the old fellow, and still do. And the lad in the Viking, that we passed first, is the old man’s grandson, J. J. I’ve sighted 'em many a time, most always in convoy, all sorts of weather. They're what I call yachtsmen!” “B* jiminy, I have me a yacht yet!” Carl Jensen exclaimed enviously. “And a skipper and a regular crew, eh ?” “You bet you. And a steward. Every day he ban going to wear clean white suit. Me, I never touch a thing on the yacht.” There were men aboard the Okisollo, loggers on their way to camps up the coast, with whom Jensen once had worked, but he had put those days behind him, never forgot that now he was au operator, that he owned donkey engines and camp equipment, that he possessed quite a bit of real estate in Seattle—in his wife’s name— and that he must talk only in a large way, and of large things, must associate only with men of affairs, in Even with steamship captains there was a certain amount of condescension, though it was mingled with a shrewd desire to maintain pleasant relations with a man who might, some snow}' winter night, pass up the Jensen camp and thereby cause bitter complaints among loggers deprived of their weekly consignment of fresh California fruits and vegetables. With Captain Mackaye he was particu- larly affable, for it happened that the Okis- ollo had the Loughborough Inlet run and made weekly stops at the Jensen camp in Cordero Channel. And it never occurred to Jensen that the skipper might be amused by his yachting ambitions. “And those white pants and blue coat and a cap and all the ribbons and gold braid, you'll have them, too?” the captain asked. “And a tea table on the back end like I seen ’em do.” was the complacent answer. “And when I get me a yacht I won’t travel on your old steamers any more, b’ jiminy. I ban going go forth and back to my camp when I ban ready and good.” Perhaps the fog had gotten on the cap- tain’s nerves, and perhaps the logger's gold lace ideas rasped the old seaman. “That lad we passed in the Viking: young Mead!” he exclaimed hotly. “He’s one of the few yachtsmen that deserve a boat. He could have a Diesel yacht as big as the Okisollo and carry a crew of twenty, but he goes out alone in that sixty-footer, except for an old Chinaman to cook his meals and keep things clean. And nothing holds him in, either. I’ve passed him when the Gulf of Georgia was standing on her ear. \ ou! You’d better set your tea table on a float!’’ “B’ jiminy, I have me a yacht yet!” Jensen persisted ; but Captain Mackaye bad already climbed the steps to the bridge. ASTERN of the Okisollo. driving on j\ through the fog across the mouth of 1 Howe Sound, her huge motor turn- ing over an even three hundred revolutions per minute, the Viking held as true a com- pass course as is possible for a small craft in a ground swell. John Jeremiah Mead, her skipper, listen- ing intently for the fog signals of other vessels, his eyes always ahead or on the compass, swayed easily at the wheel. There was a trace of a smile about his mouth and his eyes were alight. Fog might disturb the master of a passenger or cargo boat. For him it furnished a game. Sing John, his Chinese cook, came for- ward from the after companionway ana stood shivering at his side. He looked out r20	SHORT STORIES the windows, then studied the chart. “This too damn’ thick!" he exclaimed at last. “You bet tel go in Gibson Landing, J. J. grinned, picked up a pencil, wrote some figures. “It’s ten seventeen," he said. “I’ll bet you that at eleven twenty-three the Point Atkinson foghorn is fair abeam.” The Chinaman’s love of gambling showed in his dark little eyes, and then he looked suspiciously at his employer. “You go chaseum self!” he retorted. “You catchum echo some island.” “Then I’ll bet you we’re tied up at the yacht club at twelve-thirty.” “You readum tide in Nallows. You atlura time wana bet sule t’ing.*’ He shuf- fled away down the wet deck, leaving J. J. to handle his yacht alone. The Viking made good her time and course at Point Atkinson and, a half hour later, was in the thick traffic and heavy cur- rents of First Narrows. But once inside Vancouver harbor, J. J. found the sun was burning up the fog; he had no difficulty in the dredged channel to the Royal Van- couver Yacht Club. There a number of owners and a few paid hands on the larger craft paused in their work to watch him slip into a visitor’s berth. Perhaps some hoped for a miscal- culation, a bungle, but most of them knew and liked J. J. and had only admiration for the manner in which he handled his yacht. Sixty feet is a bit larger than a “one-man boat," and the yachtsman who cruises alone in one, and does so success- fully, has the respect of his fellows. Now J. J. worked his way in as smoothly and as surely as if he had been handling a small launch. His lines were laid out, his fenders ready, and the moment the Viking lay alongside the float he was overboard. In thirty sec- onds she was fast fore and aft, the fenders dropped, and in twTenty seconds more a sPr^nS line held her tightly. J. J. sprang aboard and into the engine- room, where he released the compression, threw the ignition switch and closed the gas line. A quick wash and change to yachting uniform, and he was on deck again. “You could fire half your crew and still get along, J. J.,” called the owner of a converted sulxrhaser, and there was envy in his voice. “Thick outside?” “Never saw a thing from Welcome Pass to the Narrows. Come aboard, you fel- lows/' Four Canadians had gathered on the float and accepted the invitation. Not only were they always interested in the Viking, for she was a craft ideally constructed and arranged for real cruising, but they liked J. J., ungrudgingly admired his seaman- ship, and were eager for news of the intri- cate coastal waters from which he just had come. Down in the big, comfortable main cabin, J. J. pressed a button and Sing John shuf- fled in. “No gin, no Scotch, no nothing,” he began at once. “Those hand loggels they dlink you dly last week.” J. J. was only twenty-three and, both as a yachtsman and a host, he was deeply chagrined. “I'm awfully sorry,” he began. “I never know-” The slow, steady l^ark of a big heavy duty motor came from nearby and J. J.’s face brightened. “Hop over to the Cleo- patra, Sing, and get a bottle from grand- dad.” “Huh!” the Chinaman exclaimed, and he made no movement. “Who evel see Jack Mead ’n’ Black Livel Ben make polt with bottle? Bet you five dollas Ben he telephone, then tie his boat.” The Canadians laughed uproariously. They had heard these discussions between J. J. and Sing John l>efore. When J. J. was about to speak again there came a light rap on the companion way hatch. “Telephone message for Captain Mead,” came a caretaker's voice. “His father and mother are at the hotel and wish to see him as soon as he arrives.” “Thanks, Sliver,” J. J. called. “Please call dad and tell him I’ll be there in half an hour. I’m awfully sorry,” and he turned to his guests. “Twas going to have you chaps stay for luncheon-” “Lunch !’’ Sing John cried shrilly. “You say you go one week, you go thlee! Lat he stalve on this packet. No dlink. No glub. Allsame Jap boat,” and he retired in disgust to the galley. j. J.’s guests laughed their way ashore and J. J. crossed over to the Cleopatra, now tied up in the next berth. He found Jack Mead, his grandfather, alone in the galley. "Where’s Ben?” J. J. asked. “Telephoning. Say, what were you turning over this morning?” 10 HIS OWN LOGS "An even three hundred.'’ "Sure? Never heard your whistle this side of White Rock. Wonder if our wheel's been jimmed.” J £ HERE was a note of concern, al- most of apology, in his voice. He was inordinately proud of his grand- son's ability as a sailor and he tried des- perately to conform with what he knew to J. J.’s standards. Jack Mead was seventy-three, and still Jack Mead. There was no stoop in his broad shoulders, no increase in his waist- line. Except for his gray hair, he ap- peared much the same as the Hell and High Water Jack Mead who had been king of the Swift River lumberjacks in Wisconsin back in the ’nineties. And, except when talk- ing to his grandson, he was still the rough, gruff, dominant personality that had earned a name and a reputation in the last days of American river driving. £ In no way had the millions, forced by him and his son Jerry from the great for- ts of Oregon and Wisconsin, brought a ge. Plain, almost uncouth, yet sturdy d efficient, the Cleopatra served as an adequate expression of the man, and she was his most beloved possession. “Mother and dad are in Vancouver,” J. said. “Flunky just told me,” Jack answered. Want me for lunch. Said I couldn’t (tome.” The old man’s voice had stiffened curi- lsly and his grandson looked at him in irprise. Got to get that wheel fixed,” Jack ded. “Don’t like hotels anyhow.” But at three o’clock that afternoon he tered his son’s suite. J. J. had gone k to the yacht club. Jerry Mead and wife, Gloria, were alone. 'Hello, Dad,” Jerry greeted his father. ’Sit down. Been waiting two days for m,” If Hell and High Water Jack had not ganged since his river pig days on the Jerry Mead had. Physically he was ,lfich the same, tall, finely built, moving v>th the ease and grace acquired by those jStose feet have spent much time in calked hoes. *But his face was lined, his hair was gray, ,1S speech was rapid, sometimes brusque. had the air of a man driven, of one ‘frung too tightly. Gloria Mead greeted her father-in-law "armly, and the old man’s eyes lighted at "&nt of her. For a few minutes they JO 121 talked, exchanging bits of news, making inquiries. It was scarcely a month since they had seen each other, and there could be no clearer expression of the strong bonds which united these three than the quiet but unmistakably genuine manner toward one another. “Well, what’s eatin’ you, lad?” Jack Mead burst forth at last. “Thought' you were fixed up to do anything with those powers of attorney I signed.” They hardly cover what I have in mind,” Jerry answered. “Moreover, it is a step in which I need your approval. I want to close out the Mead Lumber Com- pany, consolidate with Pacific Lumber Products, get out of the business.” “Close out the Mead Lumber Company!” Jack Mead repeated in a voice cracked by incredulity. “You crazy?” “I'm doing it because I’m sane,” Jerry retorted. “We’ve more money than we need, and I’m tired. If J. J.-” “What about J. J.?” Jack demanded when Jerry broke off. There was a quick defense in the old man’s tone that brought a smile to Gloria Mead’s eyes, but Jerry did not seem to have caught it. “J. J. doesn’t care about the business,” he said dully. “He’s tried it a couple of times, gets restless and pulls out. Far as I have been able to learn, he hasn’t room in his mind for anything except boats.” “And there ain’t a man on the coast can handle one any better!” the grandfather interrupted hotly. “I’m not blaming him,” Jerry said wear- ily. “It’s his affair, what he does in life. Only—I’d always counted on it. I’d fig- ured it out. I’d be fifty-seven when he was thirty, and I could step out, leave it all to him. Now there’s no kick in it for me. It’s not logging; it’s business, finance. Every tiling’s systematized, run by rule. I might as well be head of a bank, or a shoe factory.”	. “And you trying to make the same thing of him!” Jack snorted. “It’s ten years since you’ve done a stroke of work of any sort,” Jerry reminded his father.	_ .. “And why? Back on the Swift, or when we first come to the coast, we were loggers. We wore stagged pants and corked shoes and had hard hands, and our men called us by our first names and told us to go to hell if they felt like it. “Now what's it like?” and Jack ,ar°^ and towered over his son. “\ou madet e thing so big it ain’t human. You done 122 SHORT STORIES know the names of six lumberjacks that’s working for you. You’ve got a whole floor of a sky- scraper for an office, and build railroads t o haul logs on, and buy m a- chines to han- d 1 e the logs, which means the men who handle the machines ain't men any longer. They’re machines, too. “Quit work! Of course I quit, but I tell you now, young fellow, you show me a river to be drove, anti a bunch of old-time river pigs to drive it, and I’ll show you what a job of work is." Jack Mead’s anger brought only a ten- der smile to Jerry’s face. "I know. Dad,” he said gently. “I’ve always understood why you dropped out, and I never blamed you. Me. I had to hang on. and the harder I hung the bigger and more machine-like the whole thing got. I don’t even feel like a logger any more and I’m not surprised that J. J. doesn’t.” “How do you know J. J. doesn’t?” Jack demanded. “You’ve tried him out in the Seattle office and in one of the mills. He’s smelled ink and adding machine oil and. be- ing a Mead, they both scared him out.” “Oh. he’s been around camps, in the woods, since he could walk.” Jerry said. “There was no use starting him at the bot- tom. There isn’t a detail of the actual logging he doesn’t know backward. But he never showed any real interest. He doesn't care about logging.” "My father and your father and his father was lumberjacks, and he’s a Mead,” Jack stated with finality. Jerry was silent for a moment. “The point is,” he said at last, “that J. J. hasn’t taken hold and won’t. The Mead Company is a going, growing concern, and it requires an active head. In ten years it will be more than I will want to tackle, and I won’t be working when I’m sixty. I’ve promised Glory that. Pacific Lumber Products will he glad to take us in. They’re anxious to. I can make excellent terms, and I have confi- dence in the men behind it. If we go into it, I m free, free to be Glory’s husband for a while. And J. J.—sailor or poet, he’ll never have to worry.” Jack Mead paced across the room, kicked at chairs, turned back ami confronted his son. “You got me,” he said. “You le me pull out and never said a word. So can’t holler now. How long will this com bination take?” “There’ll 1* a lot of negotiations. Thre to six months.” “All right. My share of the busines goes with yours. Only let me tell yo something. You ain’t giving J. J. a squat deal, nor yourself. Of course j. J. don take any interest in your business. It* yours, not his, and he's a Mead. It’s hi own logs he wants to cut.” He marched stiffly to the door, opened and went out. Then he thrust his head ii “And let me tell you something else,” 1 shouted. “You’re robbing the Mead Luo ber Company .of something I ain’t got a* you ain’t, and what that company need Go on and negotiate all you want and scr the papers to me to sign. I’m going up I the Yucluetaws and fish salmon.” “What does the company need?” Jeni demanded. “J• J-’” Jack Mead answered, and in tor and manner he expressed an admirati< and a faith in his grandson that broug quick, glad tears to Gloria Mead’s eyi Eut Jerrv was too greatly disturbed I get impressions. “I don’t want either o| of you to mistake my attitude towar I J. J.,” he said slowly. “He’s a clean, firi: health}'’ minded boy. and in this day ais age a father should l:»e content. I am, ai; more. I’m proud of him. and I think I much of him I haven't tried to inlluens him in any way as to what he will do win himself.” “He’s a Mead, and a logger!” Jack c clared hotly as he came back into the roaii “I haven’t seen any evidence of the lcf ging end of it, and I’ve tried him out aii- talked to him. All I've learned is that \ has something on his mind. Maybe it boats. I can’t learn what it is, and I doiil care, just so he does it well. And, if 'j won’t come into the company, I’m going lg get out.” He had spoken calmly enough until th* last sentence. Gloria made an instinct^ I protective gesture toward her busbar Ij Jack Mead snorted and went out. Chapter II EVEN UP BEN BLACK, who had complaine ever since driving the Black Rrvi in Wisconsin, that his name had b come twisted, was not quite as old as Jau Mead. Many years before, in a loggir 10 HIS OWN LOGS town saloon, he had told Jerry Mead he would like to work for a man who could whip him. Jerry promptly knocked him cold, and for more than a quarter of a century, Black River Ben had been unin- terruptedly in the Mead employ. Shrewd, whimsical, loyal as only men of his time and class could be, he was one of the last of the old river pigs of the Middle West. Even when Jerry and his father [joined forces on the Swift, after a winter v of bitter warfare. Black River had ac- knowledged only one employer. But later, ou in Oregon and Washington, when the Mead Company had expanded to a point where the personal relations of the old I Wisconsin days were no longer possible, when Jack Mead lost interest in an indus- try dependent upon machinery and operating on an e i g h t-hour day, the old-time Wisconsin lum- berjacks were drawn together by bonds of a com m o n past, id by J. J. These two, rough and grizzled, whose eti- ire lives had been devoted to three things lly—hard working, hard drinking and ird fighting—became completely subservi- lt to the wishes of a small boy. And len this boy, sniffing the salt air of Pu- tt Sound, developed an interest in the and boats, two old men from the mid- of a great continent acquired a forced id often bitterly earned knowledge of Js and tidal currents, of internal com- istion engines and the rules of the salty Nor did they ever quite catch up with J., just as the Cleopatra could never lite keep pace with the Viking. Their terest became genuine, the Cleopatra be- ie their home most of the year, they re members of a yacht club and con- led more or less to yachting customs, it they carried to the sea their lumberjack twpoint, though this was compensated in large part by their river pig courage d resourcefulness. Theoretically, Black River Ben was still the employ of the Mead Lumber Com- fny. still drew a monthly pay check and board, and—also theoretically—Black Jver was the crew of the Cleopatra. But, ule there may have been something Jdal in the handing of lumberjacks un- a leader in the days long past, there ! to ^3 never liad been a trace of the master and man relationship. The bonds that held oreman and crew together were those of mutual respect. A road monkey called his wealthy employer by his first name. And now. while Black River was still an employe and Jack Mead a millionaire sev- eral times over, all was essentially equal between them. They shared each other’s lives and problems as completely as they sliared the task of combating wind and cur- rent ; and Black River Ben knew instantly when old Jack stormed down the compan- ionway that something cataclysmic had hap- pened. Yet he waited patiently when they were seated in the comfortable main cabin of the Cleopatra, and when the air was dense with pipe smoke and a half empty bottle of Scotch stood on the table be- tween them, Jack began to speak. “First time I talked to Jerry I didn’t say much. I got in a taxi to come out here and then right at the yacht club I told the fellow to turn back. Jigging around in that thing had sort of shook up my brains and when I got to the hotel I was able to say what I'd wanted to say the first time. I’d be saying ’em yet, only Glory—I never saw her cry before, and-” Jack poured another drink and Ben stared incredulously. “You don’t mean you and the lad went to the floor together?” he demanded. “If you call speakin’ my mind that, we did.” “But—not since that spring on the Swift —why, you two been like a foot in an old driving shoe!” Jack Mead growled and sputtered the more because it was the first difference of opinion between himself and his son in twenty-five years. “But when he says J. J. isn’t a logger he might just as well say he isn’t a Mead! he declared. “There’s other things J. J. cares more about than logging,” Black River remarked. “Why shouldn’t he? Who wants to go logging the way they do it nowadays, with machines in summer, hotter’n the hinges of hell, dust so thick you can’t breathe, and—show J. J. a wet log. That s all lie needs.	. . “It would have to be wet in salt water. There ain’t 110 more river driven’.” “There’s lots of salt water, and a good many billion feet of timber, along this coast.”	. “The Mead Company owns quite a Dir. Why don’t you turn J. J. loose on >t:' lack Mead did not reply. He had blus i24	SHORT STORIES fiered and cursed, he had gone hack to the hotel and called down his son. and yet. way down at the Itortoni of his rough and loyal old heart, there was a cold sensation of dread, for, like many another doting grand- parent, he had worshipped J. J. blindly. PERHAPS only Gloria Mead under- stood that this devotion was some- thing deeper, however. Denied the companionship of his own son until Jerry had attained dominant manhood, all the suppressed warmth and tenderness of the rough old battler had been expended on J. J. The boy was perfection, and it was this rather than the wiping out of the Mead name in (he Lumber industry that had aroused Jack Mead. No one understood Jack’s deep affection any better than Black River Ben and yet. such was the relationship between the owner and the crew of the Cleopatra, Ben did not hesitate to speak. “Every man, sometime or other, has got to take a lick- ing," he remarked. “J. J. has never had his. Matter of fact, he lias never had a fight.” For the first time in ten years Hell and High Water Jack Mead clenched a fist to deliver a blow. But Black River Ben did not appear to see it. "And why?" he demanded. “Because of you. Any time he ever wanted any- thing you gave it to him. From that first canoe right on up through the Skipjack and the Claribcl and the Frou Frou and the Swan—those was two in one year—and the Bella Bella and the Baranof right up to the Viking, you gave ’em to him soon’s he knew he wanted 'em. And there ain't a lad of his age on the coast has as fine a boat as the Viking, all teak, built in China, cost- ing 1orty-five thousand laid down in Seat- tle. "Fight!" Black River poured himself a drink and downed it with a gesture of dis- gust. “All he's ever had to do is wish-i** Jack Mead was too angry to recognize Ben’s purpose. They knew each other too well for him not to understand, under nor- mal circumstances, and there never had been cause to doubt Ben's devotion to J. J. ~^t now Jack only blundered blindly on. . s a Mead and he can lick his weight m anything that walks, swims, flies or crawls!" he shouted. “He’s a Mead, and t here ain t been a Mead licked since the first log was cut in Wisconsin. How you know he can’t fight?” . “I don’t know it. Only I never saw him.” Black River paused an instant as 10 if gauging Jack’s temper, very much as a blacksmith judges the coior of a piece of heated steel, and then he added, “And the way things is going I don't think I ever will.” He had judged correctly, had struck at the right moment. Jack swore violently, stamped about the cabin, but he made no direct reply. Above all else, it was essen- tial, from Jack Mead’s viewpoint, for a man to be ready at an instant’s notice to l:>attle with his body or his brain, to com- pel victory by sheer might and courage. Fifty years before he had been named Hell and High Water because neither had ever daunted at stopped him, and lie had tak- en it for grant- ed that hi t grandson pos- sessed thest q u a 1 i t i e s ir abundance. “I nevei even seen bin hit a man,” Ber added whei Jack subsided* Ben was ; wise old man He let it go a1 that. And hi himself deeply troa bled. So fas as he was concerned, there were only threr people in the world, each a Mead, and, hk* all gods, they must retain perfection. And despite all he had said, he had perfect faid' that J. J. was everything he had suggeste< he might not be. J. j. himself appeared when the discus- sion finally ended that night. He had hat dinner with his father and mother and ther had seen them aboard the night boat foi Seattle. “Dad's getting frisky," he commented x he sat down beside his grandfather. "Tak- ing a few days off just for a pleasure jaunt.” Jack looked searchingly at his grand- son’s smiling face. “Is that all Jerry cam? for?” he asked. “Far as T know. Unless he talked busi- ness with you.” “Nothing he said to me sounded like business. What you figurin’ on doing to- morrow?” J. J. thrust out his legs and stared at his shoes. There was just a suggestion of a HIS OWN LOGS frown on his face, a look of puzzlement in his eyes. “I think I'll drift back up the jcoast," he said. “Ain’t you going to the regatta over at Cowichan Bay?” Black River Ben de- manded. “Thought that was what we come down for.” “And that reliability run from Seattle to Victoria,” Jack added in amazement. “You only got to win once more to get the cup (or keeps.” “They don’t make those races hard enough!” J. J. exclaimed with sudden ve- Jiemence. “Eighty miles—you do it in a tide. Boats are finishing so close to the estimated time it’s practically a perfect per- formance. If they’d run a few hundred miles-” The young man’s eyes lighted at the rospect of such a contest, and then he lnigged his shoulders. “I was sort o’ hoping we would get into it,” Black River said plaintively. “Go on, you two!” J. J. urged. “You ;re only fifty-seven seconds off last year, 'ou got a good chance to win.” “Our wheel’s been jimmed,” Jack ob- :ted. “Haul out tomorrow, get u trued up, ce on all the gas you can :.o you’ll be us- the same quality right through, run to ittle in daylight and check absolutely on )ur time, work out what you think you’ll it in, and you can win that race.” J. J. was interested now, and enthused, fe slapped his grandfather on the back. I’d give ’most anything to have you clean he cried. “There's a couple of fel- ts with big boats, and crews, who think r\e got things down pretty fine.” “But where you going?” jack insisted. “Back up the coast,” and again J. J. iped down in his seat. “Come up after regatta. I’ll leave word with Henry iere I am.” T NOON the next day the Cleopatra had been hauled out, and twenty- .four hours later she was headed ith in the Gulf of Georgia. Two old drove her, checking off distances, idying tide tables, always watching the thometer. The first of the next week made the run from Seattle to Victoria thin fifteen seconds of their estimated while no other yacht was within half hour of the performance expected. “No need for us to get so swelled up,” remarked late that night when the last ite-flanneled visitor had left the Clco- tra's main cabin. “If it hadn’t been for 125 J. J. telling us how to figure that tide-” “It’s still a Mead cup,” Jack growled. And then, after a moment, he added, “I wonder what the lad’s doing.” “He had something on his mind,” Ben declared, “and if I didn't know J. J. I'd think it was a girl.” But girls were as scarce as orchids among the intricate channels the Viking and her skipper were traversing, and as far from J. J.’s mind. Moreover, not even he could have explained why he suddenly decided to abandon his intention of entering the race. He was hardly conscious of a growing rest- lessness since the opening of the cruising season, and that last night in Vancouver he only knew that he wanted to get back among the high mountains and swift wa- ters beyond the Gulf of Georgia. Alone except for Sing John, he had left the city behind him about the time tlie Cleo- patra was being hauled out. That night he anchored in a delightful little cove on Nelson Island, a spot doubly delightful be- cause it was not on the charts, and before noon the next day he had reached the Rag- ged Islands. There, venturing out into the Gulf and the long, dreary pull to Vancouver, came a tug with a tow of logs. A mile away J. J.’s glasses had told him it was the Grizzly and when it was abreast he had already turned, ready to come alongside. The Viking and the Grizzly had once ridden out a gale together in Smugglers’ Cove and Captain Billy Joyce himself came down to the deck to take the Viking's bow line. In a moment the two were fast. “Trying to break your record?” J. J. asked as Captain Joyce came aboard. “You’ll lose some logs.” “Not between here and Powell River, Joyce grinned. “Where’s the Cleopatra. “Regatta at Cowichan. The glass is dropping fast.” “I know, but the wind won t come before dark.” “Hoav do you figure that? Captain Joyce smiled. He understood T T and his methods of getting lnforma- ’ and there are no better judges of weather on the Pacific than the towboat skippers who take logs down the hun- dred miles of boisterous a n d, ____ _ in places, shel; terIesTreacl.es of the Gulf of Georgia. tion, 126 SHORT STORIES ‘•What’s the matter with the paper com- pany’s tugs?'' J. J. demanded when he had tucked away an added bit of weather wi*- dom. “Between one being overhauled and an- other towing a camp outfit, they got caught, I suppose. This is just a short job for us, from Squirrel Cove down.” “Then where you going? “Cordero Channel. Taking out a small boom for Carl Jensen.” “I know his camp,” J. J. said. Heard he's a bit slow at the logging game. I low many sections?” “Only ten. I’ll make up a tow in Fred- erick Arm. And say! Come up to Jen- sen’s camp with me. It’s better than a show to hear him talk. He’s yacht crazy, was shaking J. J.’s hand effusively. *' pass you in the fog when I come up on th Okisollo. Some day 1 get me a yacht an then the steamship company can yust hai my freight and not me." “Come aboard,” J. J. invited. The Viking had never been given a mor thorough, or more admiring, or possibl less intelligent inspection than she receive from Jensen. The most ordinary detail c pleasure craft equipment awakened an a most childish interest. "She ban all teak, eh?” he demand© “B’ jiminv, this main cabin she pretty, never see a sleeping car look so nice and ban go forth and back on ’em quite a ll down in Washington.” J. J. pressed a button and Sing Jol always talking about the boat he’s going api>eared with a bottle of Scotdi and thr i . i-i	An it	lenten stared with admiration I to own and what he’s going to do with it. Wait for me at the Yuduetaws until I come along tomorrow. You’ll get the best laugh you've had in a month.” "Sure,” J. J. agreed. “When your own- ers going to scrap this steam plant and put in a Diesel?” “Why don’t you build a towing fleet and get into the game?” Captain Joyce coun- tered. "I would, if I had the money.” “Money!” “I mean my own money. That’s the only kind there is.” “Start in with the Viking.’’ J. J. laughed. “I could build a good tug for what she cost,” he said. “When you get started, let me know. I’d like to work for you.” “I’d already counted on that.” AT NOON the next day the yacht and the tug drew in to Carl Jensen’s Lcamp. For two days Jensen had been fuming because of the nonappearance of the tug, but he forgot it the moment he saw the pleasure boat. He stood on his float watching her slide toward him, white, clean, bright work shining, brass gleaming, sixty feet of nautical perfection and beauty. “B’jimmy, Captain, that’s the kind of boat I’m going to have, only bigger,” he called to Joyce. “When your boom gets in. eh?” Joyce laughed. But the logger’s exuberance could not be dulled by any such practical considera- tions. ‘I ban hearing about you,” he said af- ter the boats had been made fast and he glasses. Jensen stared with admiration the white jacketed servant “B’ jiminv, I have me a yacht yet!” ’j exclaimed.	^ j “If you had a tug you could trade it f this one,” Captain Joyce suggested. “I ban got no tug but, b’ jiminy, I tra: this logging outfit for it.” Joyce Iv.rgheU, until he saw J. J. leanr: forward and staring at the logger. “What you got here?” the young mi asked sharply. “Three donkeys and a contract to cut f million feet,” Jensen said. "It’s a ft show. All the timber right on the side this mountain. I put in less than half million. This boom, it the first. Ten si; lions altogether/’	jl J. J. asked innumerable questions abcl the donkeys and equipment, the owner the timber, the nature of the contract. Lx\ tain Joyce stared at him curiously. “You come ashore,” Jensen said, show you.” Together they went over the operation while Joyce fastened on to his tow. X men stared curiously at the yachtsman, white flannels, as he scrambled abo: watching, asking questions. At the e of two hours he had seen everything cc nected with the outfit. Back at the float J. J. was about to j aboard the Viking when he saw a man wJ a pickpole working on the logs that hi come down the long slide into salt watt He stared for an instant, then turned Tensen. "Go below,” he said. “Make yours* at home. If you want a drink, call bn John.” He walked down the shore and out on 10 HIS OWN LOGS 't;,c boom. The man working there was fciast sixty, small, apparently clumsy in his talked shoes. But there were no waste (notions. Every act spoke efficiency and iertitude. His work was a beautiful thing |o watch. I “Where did you drive?” J. J. demanded. 1 Tlie logger looked at him curiously. I “The Chippewa, North and South Forks pi the Flambeau, the Black and-” 1 "And the Swift,” J. J. cut in. “How 127 Chapter III 'go chaseum self' often you been drunk in Kettle Falls?” j The old-timer grinned. “You from {Wisconsin ?” he asked. I “Born in Minnesota. When did you leave there ?” f They were off. Sam Creer, who had logged straight across a continent, from JIaine to Washington, was in an alien land and engaged in an occupation that bore tie resemblance to the lumbering methods his youth. He could not make out this Kite clad stranger, and he had a natural spicion of anyone from a yacht. But J. had aroused old and pleasant mem- es, and he knew the language of the river driving days that were gone forever. So Sam ^ bloomed like an old dog, long neglected, that suddenly re- ceives attention. He became gar- rulous, compar- ed the old days with the present, and answered J.’s questions with profane and eniight- ng comments. After half an hour the ung man went back to the yacht. There he found Carl Jensen pacing forth ‘ back on the after deck. There was a gestion of the possessive in his attitude stride. jiminy, I trade you my whole outfit this boat and ten thousand dollars!” he laimed. J. stared at him coldly. “You will #	he answered curtly. “You’ll trade ai^ht, one for the other.” Jensen protested, became violent, but hing could shake the young man, and that afternoon the logger capitulated, ten minutes the Viking was under way, fled through the Yuciuetaws for Van- ver and Seattle. 10 THE presentation of cups at Cowi- chan did not come until the last night .of Vie regatta, and early the next morning the Cleopatra was heading north through Sansum Narrows. Her skipper En 1 rr^W wou^ ■have telegraphed or radi- oed J. J. of their victory had he been with- in reach of such communication. Now they made all speed to find him. That night, after crossing the gulf with a stiff northwest wind on the port'bow that shook them up a bit, they anchored in the little Nelson Island cove where the Viking had stopped more than a week before. Th next afternoon, just south of Grief Point, Black River Ben came up the after com- panionway to see the Viking a mile behind them. Immediately the Cleopatra was hove to. “Been down to Vancouver again,” Jack Mead commented as they waited. “He probably figured we’d be along here today.” Ben stared, then picked up the glasses. “What’s he carrying all those flags for ?” he demanded. “Looks like a circus boat.” The Cleopatra and the Viking had their own private signals, a code of long and short blasts of the whistle, and Jack grasped the cord. But there -was no re- sponse from the white craft astern in an- swer to his tooting. Ben had dived below and now appeared with the big silver cup they had won. He waved it high over his head as he stood on the after deck. Still they received no rec- ognition from the Viking. The yacht was close enough now for them to see several figures on her decks. The two old men stood and stared, mum- bling their astonishment, when the I iking swerved toward them and slackened speed. For a moment the flags drew the atten- tion of Jack and Ben. There was a big American ensign at the peak and one at the taffrail, and from each end of the spreader arm hung a royal ensign. From the mast head streamed a vice-commodore s pennant and on each stay the burgee of the Seattle Yacht Club.	, . , T__v “He’s gone crazy! exclaimed Jack, whose own knowledge of flags and their use had been acquired with much effort and perplexity.	, , A resplendent figure stepped out ot the Viking's pilothouse door and stared at them. The sun glinted from q^n.ibes of gold braid on his blue co:.t - - * cap. SHORT STORIES "It's a circus.” And Ben swore. A white clad steward came to the after deck, a blue cap and jumper appeared at the engine-room hatch, and through the pilothouse windows Jack saw a stranger at the Viking's wheel. "What ban the matter r came a voice. “You want a tow?" “Where’s J. J ?” demanded Jack Mead, ignoring- the other’s question. “I don’t know him.” "You’d better know him. He owns that boat!” jack roared. "I tan Carl Jensen and this ban my yacht. If you mean that young feller Mead, he sold it to me.” “Sold it! You stole it!” And Jack reached for the clutch lever, intending to run alongside. “Well, I trade my lumber camp for it, which is the same thing,” Jensen said com- placently. “She ban one fine boat, this yacht.” “Where’s J. J.?” Ben asked. “He ban running the camp, 1 guess. He tell me he going right up.” “Where is this camp?” “Cordero Channel.” “Never mind that,” Jack cut in. “You get your papers, fella. I’m coming aboard and see ’em.” He brought the Cleopatra alongside the now motionless Viking and Jensen went below. Five minutes later both boats were on their way north, the Viking still beautiful despite her flag strung rigging, the Cleo- patra, sturdy and efficient, slowly dropping astern. In her pilothouse were two astounded old men. “That’s why he wouldn’t go to Cowi- chan Bay!” Ben said. Jack Mead said nothing, and after a while Ben Black made one of the few psy- chological mistakes of his life. “And you give him that boat,” he lamented. “Forty- live thousand laid down in Seattle.” “And when I gave it to him it was his,” Jack snapped. “You’d better take a look around in the engine-room.” THEY were compelled to tie up at Henry’s boom because of the tide in the Yucluetaws, and for the first time in their numerous visits they did not fish for salmon that evening. Further- more, the genial Henry found that they did not even wish to talk. The next morning they were gone. J. J. was in the little building on a float which served both as office and living quar- ters when he heard the familiar exhaust of the Cleopatra. He went out and sig- naled that she could tie up beside him, then took the bow line when Ben threw it. Methodically hut smartly, and in silence, the two old river drivers made their craft secure, shut off the engine, took down and furled ensigns and pennant. Then, aftei a last glance to see that every tiling was shipshape, they turned and inspected whai was to lie seen on shore. “We won that cup,” Jack said at last J. J. let out a whoop, sprang aboard tlv Cleopatra and pounded them on the bacl until they winced. “I knew you could!” he cried. "Ho? far off were you?” “Fifteen seconds.” “Better than I did last year.” “The next nearest was a half hour fast, Ben offered. J. J.’s exultant shout followed, and ther was nothing perfunctory in that applause The two old men knew that for then strangers to salt water until they wer nearly sixty, to have taken the cup from th crack yachts of Seattle, Vancouver an Victoria, had brought a keener joy tha T. J. had ever derived from his own vi< tories. The excitement died down after a tirr* Ben and Jack stared toward shore, wal- ing. J. J. watched their puzzled faces i silence. “Guess I’ll go down and clean up the er; gine,” Ben said after a few moments. J. T- walked toward the accommodate ladder. "Might as well wash those break fan dishes,” Jack observed as he started b< low.	. j Yet, whatever may have been their n tentions, neither could have kept avva from shore. While J. J. was busy in tr office they looked over the operations. It was an inspection conducted entirel in silence. Though most of their own lo* ging days had been spent in the Midd West, they knew the machinery methods c the Pacific Coast. They had not been o shore fifteen minutes before they realize just how inefficiently operated was th camp J. J. had purchased. Even the sloi and indifferent manner of the crew did nc escape them. “And he’s still wearing his white pant and yacht cap,” Jack said moodily whet they were again aboard the Cleopatra. Ben let it go at that. He had not seei anything that would permit a comiortinj HIS OWN LOGS reiLSStimjTce, and they stared at each other 129 a moment in si- lence. They were bewilder- ed, and a bit afraid, and the situation was entirely beyond their compre- hension. ;if he’d only said be wanted to do anything like this," Jack began at last. “You’d V given him a couple of camps, I suppose, like you’ve given him everything else he ever asked for,” Ben growled. He went out, not waiting for a comment, leaving a dejected, lonely figure in the cabin. During the remainder of the morning J. J., in his brief encounters with them, failed to take them into his confidence. So far as that young man gave evidence in speech or manner, trading a yacht for a logging camp was of no more importance or interest than the purchase of a new scrubbing brush for use on the Viking’s spotless decks. He was busy in his little office while Jack and Ben wandered along the mountainside, and when they were back aboard the Cleopatra he himself went from one donkey to another in the half hour be- fore lunch. In one respect, Carl Jensen’s outfit had been well equipped. From a larger oper- ator who had gone broke he had purchased a complete floating camp—bunkhouses, cookhouse, blacksmith shop and office. All these buildings, well constructed, comfor- taole, rested on rafts of great cedar logs. There was a large scow, too, for the don- keys, and it was a simple matter, with the assistance of a tug, to move the entire camp and working equipment anywhere along the coast. Once moored in a quiet bay, work could begin almost immediately, while a few lengths of pipe would connect a spring with the float and provide running water for cookhouse and shower baths. A: T NOON Sing John went aboard the Cteopalra and asked Jack and Ben .to have their midday meal with J. J. fhey had been waiting for the invitation, for they knew it meant an opportunity to learn what was being done in that most im- portant department of logging in British Columbia, the commissary. The crew trooped down the mountain- side and across the boomsticks to the float. Jack and Ben, wise in the ways of men who work in the woods, were quick to read the story. Not only indifference to the job but insolence was displayed in carriage and facial expression. Such a camp lost money every day. J* J-, flanked by his grandfather and Black River Ben, sat at the liead of the long table* the crew down the sides. As in all ’°g&ing camps, there was complete silence, except for the clatter of knives, forks and dishes and low, whispered requests to pass the meat. Into this funereal assemblage burst Sing John, his eyes ablaze. “That cook he tellum me get hell out!” he cried shrilly. “He say boss no boss; he runum kitchen. No want China boy/' Several men snickered. J. J. looked up inquiringly. The cook appeared in the door. “I don’t want this dirty Chink around,” he declared. “He thinks he knows too much. All the time buttin’ in and telling me what to do.” There was something very boyish in J. J.’s expression. His eyes were always questioning and his smooth face placid. Even his voice was mild. There was about him the air of one who had always found life very delightful and interesting, and easy. “I think.” he said slowly and quietly, “that Sing John knows more about cooking than you do. He’ll take charge after this meal.” Whatever was the cook’s reaction to this calm statement, no one except the cook knew. Sing John, with a shrill squeal, drew all attention. “You go chasettm self, J. J.!” he cried. “Me no Iummel camp cook.^ Me nevel hile out cook Iummel camp. You go chaseum self lound block.” Only J. J. seemed undisturbed by the on- slaught, which quickly developed into shrill Chinese. J. J. had a healthy appetite, and he kept on eating. After a moment Sing John calmed down and went into the kitchen.	A	, One of the crew tittered. Another guf- fawed. They all laughed. “Go chaseum self!” one exclaimed, and they roared. J. J. remained undisturbed, and contin- ued to eat, but to Jack Mead anti Black River Ben there had come an overpowering perturbation. Never had they seen J. J. in a similar situation, but never had there been doubt in their loyal hearts ot his an ity to meet it. 10 SHORT STORIES 130 Back there in Vancouver, when they had sat long over a bottle in the Cleopatra’s main cabin, there had been only a purpose in Ben’s statement tliat he had never seen J. J. fight. It had hurt him to say it. Like Jack, he looked upon the young man as completely and thoroughly Mead, and no Mead ever had stood for open insolence 011 the part of an employe. Now for the first time in many years they found food distasteful. They quickly fin- ished, went out and climbed aboard the Cleopatra. From her main cabin they heard the men stamping out of the cook- house. “Go chaseum self,” someone snickered. “Go chaseum self lound block." There was raucous laughter, “If little white pants will take that from a Chink, what would he take from a white man?" another asked, and snorts of dis- gust followed. Jack and Ben did not dare look at each other. They were two sick and miserable old men. Life had suddenly ceased. The gloom of a British Columbia coast winter was as bright sunshine compared with the dejection that filled the main cabin. FOR a long time they sat there, star- ing with sightless eyes, and then as one man they arose. Ben went into the engine-room and started the motor, Jack on deck to cast off the lines. And as they gathered headway and stood out to- ward the channel, neither turned to look at the camp they were leaving. J. J. heard them, waved an unheeded farewell and then turned back to his office. He was his own timekeeper, and each af- ternoon he had spent several hours trying to get the books in shape and determine just where he stood. The blackness of his dis- coveries left little time or energy for the emotional problems of others. At the conclusion of his work he made out seven time checks, signed them and took them with him when he went out. It was only a few minutes before five, quitting time, and J. J. slowly walked ashore. There, at the end of the boom- stick, was a small, level space, and in the center of it he waited. The men came, saw him there, and grin- ned as they approached. The third, a rig- ging shnger. a little taller and heavier than J* J-> was the one who had exclaimed, “Go chaseum self!” at the table that noon. “Here’s your time,” J. J. said quietly as the man passed. “Til take you over to Johnstone Strait so you can catch a boat for town tonight.” All the men stopped. The rigging slinger looked at his check in amazement, and then he laughed. “I go chaseum myself, eh?” he asked “If you’re able,” J. J. said. He had step- ped back and laid the six re- maining time checks on a stump, weight- ing them with a piece of granite. Then he whirled and slapped the rigging slinger in the face. The man staggered away, too amazed to do more than catch his balance, and then with a roar he charged. It was not a short fight. The rigging slinger was confident, and he was mad, and he was bigger than J. J. For a time he rushed his late employer off his feet, sent him spinning with a wild swing. J. J.’s white trousers were smeared with black soil and his white shirt was stained with his own blood. And then J. J. began to fight. Craft and a certain deliberateness and determination rather than any skill were the factors that began to make themselves felt. After three minutes the rigging slinger found himself on the defensive. Two minut-: later he knew he was licked. It was then that a hook tender thrust out a foot as J. J. charged past. Immediately the man found himself facing two gleaming butcher knives in the hands of an infuri- ated Chinaman. Wild with excitement, Sing John chased the hook tender into the water and then whirled, ready to repel any other interfer- ence. “Clackum head, J. J.!” he shrieked as he brandished the knives. “Clackum head! Big stiff no good. Clackum head and throwum in salt chuck!” Breathless but cool and steady, J. J. swung heavily and the rigging slinger spun half around and sat down. He did not get up. J. J. shook his head, wiped the blood from his face with a sleeve and stepped back to the stump, where he selected an- other time check. “Here’s yours,” he called to the hook tender, who had climbed onto the boom- stick. “Come and get it.” 10 IIIS OWN LOGS “What do I gel with it?” the fellow de- manded. “That depends on how much you can take." It wasn't much. The men watched in disappointment. Sing John danced with glee and shouted strange words. Before it was over the men were laughing. When the hook tender rolled out of harm’s way J. J. turned back to the stump. ‘ Five more of you get your time,” he said. “I don’t think we would get along well together. Take you to Rock Bay to- night.” HE PASSED out the checks and then walked down to the water, across the boomstick and into the office. A half hour later, bathed, in clean shirt and fresh white flannels, his face bruised and scratched, he came out at sound of the gong and entered the cook camp, where he took his place at tlie head of the table. The men looked at him covertly, and not without admiration. There was some- thing very youthful in his expression and actions, something charmingly boyish that would have aroused only their scorn had it not been for that scene on the shore. _ And when they began to eat! For a time there was the usual silence, and then someone, in a stage whisper, asked for “an- other hunk of that Yorkshire pudding.” The men laughed. “Boss,'' said a bucker, an old man known the length of the B. C. coast for his com- ments, “I’ll wear white pants myself to hold down a job in a place where they feed like this. Ain't had nothing like it since the Duke and I went hunting grizzlies.” “Go chaseum self!” Sing John called from the kitchen door, and turned away with apparent disgust. But Sing John knew how well he could cook. The next morning J. J. appeared in wool trousers, work shirt and calked shoes. There were only enough men to operate two donkeys but there was an entirely dif- ferent atmosphere on that mountainside. Down at the bottom, damp from the spray thrown high into the air by the huge fir sticks striking the salt chuck with all the force of speeding tons, was J. J. pol- ing logs into place, ready for the boom- ing. There was a smile on his smooth face that grew the harder he worked. Some- times he was swamped, and he grinned the more, for never had logs come down that slide in such numbers. Far up the hillside there was even a dif- ferent note in the shrill tooting of the whistle punks, in the whine of the winches, in the stuttering exhaust of the donkeys. Into this scene of cheery industry the Cleopatra nosed her way a week after her departure. She drew up at the float beside the office in as smart a landing as any born sailor ever made. For several minutes there was the meticulous, almost ceremon- ial, business of making fast the lines at bow and stern, a spring line, the dropping of fenders, the shutting off of the motor, the furling of ensigns. At last two old men stepped ashore. Their wise eyes had taken in the fir sticks shooting down the skidway, the clouds of vapor from the donkeys, the boomsticks shoved far out from shore by the accumu- lated logs, their ears had caught the fre- quent tooting of whistles and the sound of saws, and their sore old hearts were soothed by undreamed o f joy. Sing John ap- peared in the cookhouse door and stared with- out apparent recognition. “W here’s J. J. ?” Jack Mead asked as they ap- proached. “Gone town. Back tomollow.” And then the Celestial dispassiou van- ished. “You two damn’ fools go way that day. J. J. he fightin' wildcat. He lickum hell outa hook ten die ’n’ ligging sKngle. I bet you ten dollas, Black Livel, J. J. he lickum Jack Dempsey.” Chapter IV swindled ! A HALF hour after their arrival at J. J.’s camp, Jack Mead and Black River Ben repaired to the main cabin of the Cleopatra, and as Ben tore the tissue wrapper, then the cap, off a bottle of Scotch there was something reverent in the attitude of the two men. “The first drink that’s tasted natural to me in more’n a week,” Ben said when he had set down his glass. “I been off it, too,” Jack added, and that was as far as they let sentiment carry them. They turned, instead, to practical things. “I mind that Sam Creer,” Ben said re- ferring to the old river driver whom J - J. had left in charge of the work. Ju*t a SHORT STORIES young lad, drivin* the Black one spring.” “Says he worked for me,” Jack contri- buted "He knows the Swift anyhow. But you notice he’s got a hunch of old-timers with him, Minnesota and Wisconsin lads?” "J. J. sent Creer out to round 'em up first thing when he took over the camp. That’s one reason there’s so much git up and go to the crew:” “Seventy thousand feet in the chuck yesterday. That’s going some. He'll be making money at that rate.” There was silence, and another drink. At last Ben, after rubbing his chin a long time, ventured a question. “Wliat you suppose J. J. is going to do when he stubs a toe good and hard?” Jack did not answer this at once. He considered it for a time and then, in tribute to Ben’s keener mind, he asked, “What if he don’t?” “One of the finest tilings that ever hap- pened to any man is to get both toes bunged up,” Ben declared. “And his knuckles, too,” Jack added. There was another drink, and more si- lence. A huge fir log slithered down the slide, five hundred feet at a forty-five de- gree angle, and hit the salt chuck with geyser effect. Whistles tooted. There was the roar of falling forest monarchs. “Anyhow,” Ben said, “you were right. The lad's a logger. He’s making this run down outfit pay.” “Of course,” and Jack was merely ac- cepting an axiomatic truth. “He’s a Mead, and he’s putting in his own logs.” They waited with some impatience for the arrival of the Okisollo the next day. and when J. J. stepped onto the float they were there to meet him. There were no traces of the battle of the previous week, nor of worry or responsibil- ity. His expression was untroubled. Jack- slapped him on the back in an awkward, shamefaced way. “You’re getting in some logs,” he said. “Need to,” J. J. replied shortly. “How’s the^ Cleopatra?“ “Frisky as ever. Ben caught a fifty-six pound tyee the other night at Henry’s.” “Pretty close to your record, eh? I thought you two probably were down there.’ There was an absent note in J. J.’s voice that ^ only Ben caught. And the young mans eyes were on the freight that was be- ing unloaded, on the white plumes of vapor up the mountainside, on the logs inside the boom. Then he caught sight of Sam Creer and hurried toward him. After a few minutes Ben slipped away and halted just out of hearing of J. J. and his foreman. The young man looked up and saw him standing there. “Anything the matter?” J. J, asked. “Not with us,” and Ben accented the last word a bit unnecessarily. “Only-” “That’s good,” J. J. said with apparent relief as he joined Ben, “because 1 won’t have a chance for a chat with you two. Just came up to see how tilings are going and I'm taking the Okisollo back to Vancou- ver." “If you had the Viking you wouldn't have to worry about steamships,” Ben growled. “But then I wouldn’t have this,” and, J. J.’s eyes were laughing when he added, “And all that goes with it.” “That’s just what I was thinking, lad. But now you got it and—and—” He hesi- tated, and J. J. stared at him. “I ain’t saying you haven’t done fine,” Ben hurried on. “But two heads are bet- ter than one and no one’s ever said yet that old Jack Mead wasn’t a logger. Besides, he don’t understand the kind of a lone game you’re playing.” J. J. looked away. Even Ben could not know how keenly that appeal had touched him, for J. J. had only two idols, Hell and High Water Jack Mead and his own father. But the youth’s mouth straight- ened slightly. “Granddad ought to under- stand,” he said gently. “He played it once himself. Did you ever see either dad or granddad ask another man to put in his logs for him?” “No,” Ben agreed. “Only-” “That’s the answer!” And J. J. was his old cheerful, unruffled self. “I’ve got to run for it. You two hang around until I get back from Vancouver.” He called the last over his shoulder and ran up the gangplank just as the Okisollo’s lines were cast off. “So long,” he called to his grandfather. Jack and Ben watched the steamship draw away and then wandered back to the Cleopatra. But when they sat down in the main cabin neither opened the conven- ient locker door, behind which there was always a bottle. There was something rather comical—and rather pitiful—in these two old men, suddenly grown very old and forlorn. After a long time Black River Ben laughed. “A man grows up and then he grows down,” he said. “You and me we’re all through, and we get it into our heads we could spend the rest of our time HIS OWN LOGS paying around with J. J. We talked, but way down at the bottom we was wishin’ he’d stick around with us. And now—” He stopped and chuckled. Jack glared at him. “Now what?” he demanded. “J. J.’s growed up and gone off and left us to play around alone. And, being young, he’s sort of forgot were on earth.’’ Ben was philosopher enough to touch the hurt, and to laugh. But he had to phil- osophize alone. All his life Jack Mead had been swayed purely by emotions. He could not analyze. He merely reacted, and he was reacting now to J. J.’s failure to take him into his confidence,to tell anything about his plans, his hopes, his troubles. “I ain’t so old I” he exclaimed rebel- liously at last. “I may have quit but it wasn’t because I had to.” “What you thinking of doing?” Ben asked. “I’m going to put some wrinkles in that lad’s face.” He got up and went on deck. Far up the mountainside he saw Sam Creer at the edge of the slash and climbed until he found him. Hundreds of men like Sam Creer had worked for Jack Mead back on the Swift River in Wisconsin, and there was nothing about them Jack did not know. But Sam, Jack soon discovered, possessed very little of the information he wanted. He was talkative, and merely to be working for a man who knew something of the old Swift River days had been enough to arouse his enthusiasm and loyalty. Moreover, he had not been slow to impart to the crew much of the Mead history, so that something more had been added to the prestige J. J. had gained by whipping the hook tender and the rigging slinger. In the end Jack had to be content with one thing, tossed m as he was about to leave. “He’s a hustler,” Sam chuckled, “and, though you might not think it to look 133 at him, he ain’t afraid to take a chance. Get the logs into the chuck as fast as steam and gravity can get ’em there,’ was the last thing he said to me. ‘And,’ he says, ‘don’t get mad and fire a man, ’cause there ain't enough money in the bank to pay him.’ ” thif Jack reported one thing to Ben, The lad s a hustler. W hat you say we eo back to Henry’s?” Ben studied him a moment and then as- sented. And so the Cleopatra was sailing east- ward as the Okisollo came down from Frederick Arm. They saw J. J. waving to them on the bridge. They waved in reply and gave the old signal with their whistle, but when they went on, bucking through the last ebb in the Yucluetaws, neither looked back. They could not, any more than they could have put their appalling loneliness into words. AND there were times in the week that f-% followed when J. J. wished he were JL ^.back aboard the Piking, glancing out of an after window of the pilothouse and seeing the sturdy old Cleopatra shoving the salt chuck out of her way. He recalled times when they had anchored together in remote inlets or coves, when they had tramped up mountain valleys in search of hidden trout streams, and, of course, the long evenings aboard when Jack and Ben had redriven the Swift and retold Jerry Mead’s exploits as a budding lumberman. It was from Ben, at various times when Jack was absent, that J. J. had learned of the memorable struggle between the father and son, separated since Jerry’s babyhood, and how they had met, after a bitter winter, each with a crew of sixty men at his back and each detenuined to take possession of the South Lake Dam and the precious wa- ter behind it. “You 11 live a long, long time, lad, betore you see any man show more nerve than your dad did,” Ben would tell the eager ,34	SHORT youngster. “Hell and High Water Jack Mead was vour granddad, a man who’d never- been 'licked. King of the Swift River lumberjacks, he was, if ever there was a king in America. “And Jerry! Worshipping his dad and doing his best to ruin him, because he knew it was the only way they could get together —by his licking his own father. “He could fight some himself, Jerry could. I know. I’ve seen him and I’ve felt him. Just one-eighth of a second was all he needed to settle me. Like a mule. “But old Jack! Every time 1 see a fir log coming down into the chuck I think of his fist. Jerry knew it. Saw Jack fight once or twice. And boys, oh boys! If they ever mixed it!” Ben would stare back over the years, his old eyes shining. “But they didn’t fight,” the boy had al- ways insisted at this point. “They fought for logs, and for the first time in his life Hell and High Water had it put over on him. That’s how it come they got together man to man, just after dawn that spring morning at the South Lake dam. "I guess, sonny, I was the only man of the hundred and twenty there that knew just what was going on in those two Mead minds. I don’t think even they knew. They only felt. “You see, Jerry had to beat Jack, and Jerry knew that. But he couldn’t bring himself to humble the old man. He just couldn’t. “See what a ticklish point that was, what your dad was up against? And that’s where he showed his nerve. Here was Jack coming for him, blood in both eyes and a sledge hammer head at the end of each arm. Jerry couldn’t run, he wouldn’t fight. He just stood there, smiling, never batting a lash, looking straight into old Jack's eyes, and took it! “Boys, oh, boys! I’ve had a good time livin but I’d been satisfied to die right there. When one of Jack’s men laughed and said Jerry was yellow you should have seen old Hell and High Water. He nearly Jailed the fellow and then he says, ‘He’s a better man than any ten of you, damn your souls, and he’s your boss because he’s a bet- ter man than I am!’ ” J. J. HAD grown up with that story ringing in his ears ; for to Black River Ben it was an epic of all time and of all people. More than once Jerry Mead STORIES had caught his young son looking at him with wide eyes, and liad wondered; and into young manhood J. J. liad carried vi- sions of those grand old days back among the snow enshrouded forests and along rushing spring freshets, while Lexington and Gettysburg had always been second to that battle on the Swift. J. J. thought of those things when, from the Okisolio's bridge, he saw the Cleopatra plowing on into the Yucluetaws, and for the first time there was a suggestion of a crease in his forehead as he turned and looked south. Down there, he knew, he must stage a little battle of his own, not with fists, not facing bodily punishment, but with wits and—he was beginning to understand— with a courage that must be greater Ijecause he was not bolstered by onlookers, by any of the stimulating elements of drama. So far. J. J. had accomplished two things. He had welded a good crew be- hind him, and he was getting in logs fast enough to know he could make money. But he was well aware that this is less than half the battle for the British Colum- bia logging contractor. Capital to meet the payroll, credit to feed the men and buy new equipment—these were necessary to keep going. And J. J. had neither. Nor was there hope of getting any from his logging operations. The owner of the timber, needing quick money and relying on the fact that he had an exceptional “show,” a limit easily logged, had driven a hard bargain. Because contractors were eager to get the work, he had been able to stipulate that no money would be paid until three million feet were in Vancouver. So far Jensen had sent out less than half a million. That left two and a half millions to go before any money would be forthcoming.; J. J. had ascertained the accuracy of thati simple sum in arithmetic over and over while sitting in his little office. Six weeks of work at top speed and then the long, dreary delay while a tug captain jockeyed with the weather all the length of the Gulf of Georgia. To wait that long was impos-- sible. Somewhere, and at once, he had to get money. From Vancouver he went directly to Seattle where he sold his motor car and turned bis “R” class sloop over to a boat broker, who gave him no encouragement for a sale until the following season. Luckily, Jerry and Gloria Mead were out of the city and the son escaped any explan- ations. 10 HIS OWN LOGS Back in Vancouver he visited a wholesale grocer and, after much argument, got a small amount of credit. With wire cable he was not successful, and then, the day before the Okisollo was to make her weekly trip, he went to the bank in which he had already opened an account with the savings from his allowance. The cashier was startled by the frank, almost ingenuous, explanation of the situa- tion, and then his wits began to work. “Jensen,” he said. “Carl Jensen. That name-” 135 in to see you again some day,” and he was gone. J He called a clerk, asked for a certain file, ran through some papers. When he looked up it was with hard, cold eyes. “When did you purchase this logging outfit ?” he asked. "Two weeks ago.” “It was un- encumbered ?” “Of course.” More ques- could not under- the strange or tions were asked. J. J. stand their significance sharpness in the cashier’s tone. “I would advise you to see a solicitor,” the banker said at last. “For a moment I believed-” “But I did have a lawyer arrange the transfer,” J. J. interrupted. “He’s a friend of mine, over at the Yacht Club. He owns the Clio.” “I suggest that you get an attorney who spends more time ashore,” was the dry comment. “This man Jensen is from the States. He operated through the forma- tion of a company here, of which he was president. May twentieth he borrowed ten thousand dollars, giving the company’s camp equipment as security. The mort- gage was not filed until ten days ago. We discounted the note. It will be due 011 August twentieth.” Bankers often break hard news, and they are accustomed to see men react in vari- ous ways when a shock comes or hope is gone, but the cashier could not associate this case with anything he had ever en- countered, The clear young eyes still stared into his, the youthful face remained untroubled. “Perhaps I have not made myself clear,’ the banker began kindly. “Oh, I got you.” J. J. answered read- | »ly. “I've been gypped. I was just fig- uring how—thanks for your time. I’ll be J. CALLED up his yachtsman law- yer and made an appointment, then telephoned to the Yacht Club and asked for one of the caretakers. “Who’s been up the coast lately, Sliver?” he asked. Several boats were named. “Any of them speak of sighting me?” “Well, Captain Mead,” Sliver began in an emljarrassed voice, and J. J. laughed. “Wondered what had happened to the Viking, or to me, eh?” he asked. “I sold her, Sliver, so I’m not responsible for all the glad rags she is wearing.” He asked more questions, discovered that the Viking had been sighted the day previous, headed north in Lewis Channel, and five minutes later he was in his law- yer’s office. “Talbert,” he began at once, “you're go- ing to loan me one thousand dollars.” “On what security?” the lawyer asked with a grin, for he specialized in lumber jid there was little about the Meads tliat he did not know. “Your own reputation." “Mine! What do you mean?” J. J. told about Jensen’s note for ten thousand dollars. “You let me in for that," he concluded. “I hired you to look after this for me. and that’s the way you did it. It'll make bad advertising for you.” Talbert drew out a checkbook and began to write. “Now,” he said when he had blotted the slip of paper and handed it across the desk to J. J., "here’s what we- “I’ll tell you something about law, mari- time law,” J. J. interrupted. “But first, when are you going to take your annual cruise?” “Next week.” “You are not. You stay in \ ancouver, and here's what I want you to do. He drew his chair closer, leaned across the desk, and for several minutes he talked rapidly. Wrhen he had finished he jumped to his feet.	„ , “I’ve just time to get to my bank, ne said, and was gone. T. J. was on the bridge of the Oki>o.lo all the wav up the gulf the next day, and there wasn’t a craft on the water that he didn’t watch anxiously through the g^eb. It is irritating travel, taking a steamer, when one is m a hui ry. are made at every logging camp, Stops isolated SHORT STORIES 136 post office and fishing hamlet. There are long detours up inlets and through narrow, twisting channels, and it seems the ship is hardly clear of one float and the lines are coiled before she is sliding in to another. J. J. found the twenty-four hours be- fore reaching his cainp particularly try- ing. for much depended on what he would find when he reached it. Yet it was Cap- tain Mackaye who discovered what he wanted most to know. ‘ There’s your old packet,” he said as they rounded a point. "Jensen had to come back and let his old crew know that he owned a yacht.” It was that very trait in the Scandi- navian's character upon which J. J. had counted. From the stories of Captain Mackaye and towboat skippers, from his own observations on their trip to Seattle together, he had believed that Jensen could not resist the temptation to return to the scenes of his logging operations and ex- hibit his proud possession. The Viking was as resplendent as ever, and half a mile away J. J. could see the new owner sitting on the after deck. Be- yond her, dull and drab in comparison, lay the black and gray Cleopatra. J. J. was grinning like a small boy when he stepped onto the float. Jack Mead and Black River watched him curiously from their after deck, nodded when he waved enthusiastically. "I don't see any wrinkles in his face yet, ’ Ben remarked, and Jack strode off. When the Okisollo had pulled away a white jacketed steward came onto the float from the Viking. “Captain Jensen would appreciate the honor of your presence at tea, sir,” he said formally to J. J. “B’ jiminy, yes, come aboard,” Jensen called expansively from the Viking before J. J. could reply. "And bring your grand- father and his friend, too.” He nourished a cigar as he strode to the rail. There seemed to be more gold braid than ever 011 his coat and his ornate yachts- man's cap was set at a rakish angle. “I’ll be glad to come,” J. J. called gen- ially. “A few things to attend to and I’ll be aboard.” l'rorn his foreman he learned that, while the Viking had been there since morning, Jensen had neither come ashore nor seemed aware that he was tied up at the float of his former camp. At noon, when the men had come down for dinner, he had paced and posed the length of the Viking. Occa- sionally he bellowed an order, but never once did he look toward shore. “Most of the morning,” Sam Creer re- ported, “he set out at the back end there, under the tent business, drinking tea. Any- how, I guessed it was tea. Twice I heard him holler for the flunky to bring him some.” On board the Cleopatra J. J. received a more detailed, and also more inflamma- tory, report of the activities aboard the Viking. While they practiced only the es- sentials, there was nothing in yachting eti- quette Jack and Ben did not know. It was a condition they had set for themselves when they had started out to keep pace with J. J. and their flat refusal to be seen on such a ship reached heights of lumber- jack oratory. J. J.’s eyes twinkled. “There isn’t anyone we know in the Se- attle or Vancouver Yacht clubs who wouldn't pay a price for a chance to watch this fellow at close range,” he said. "I never saw* Weber and Fields but I know they couldn't put on a show like this.” He won them over despite their grief over the degeneration of the Viking and a few minutes later the three walked out onto the float. *‘B’ jiminy, come aboard, gentlemen!” Jensen cried ef- fusively as he met the m. “Grand day for yachting, isn't it?” Jack Mead glare d. Ben's eyes twinkled* and J. J., in his best manner, introduced the Viking's owner. "Glad to meet you,” Jensen said when he shook old Jack's limp hand. “1 heard about you down in Washington. I live in the States myself. Logged down there, too. That your yacht?” “It’s my boat,” Jack answered. “Tidy little thing. I ban looking at her. But 1 not see any crew.” “And you won’t—aboard the Cleopatra “Well, I like a good crew myself. When a man goes out yachting he goes for a rest and how can you rest when you do all the work? Me, I yust say something, and it ban done. Steward!” The last was a bellow, and the white jacketed figure appeared almost immedi- ately. “Tea! On the back end! And get a wiggle on!”	. He led the way aft. Ben punching J. J- 10 r HIS OWN LOGS in the ribs, Jack still glowering. Jensen 5t*ated them with a flourish, passed a box of cigars. A tray appeared, and a plate of small bis- cuits. The steward poured tea, in J. J.’s after dinner coffee cups, bearing the mono- gram of the Seattle Yacht Club. Ben and I. J. accepted theirs. Jack only shrugged his shoulders and grunted. “I’ve drunk a good many things aboard the Viking but never tea between meals!” he burst forth at last when Jensen’s talk ceased for a moment. “B' jiminy, I hate that slop myself!” Jensen exclaimed. “But when youse ban in Rome you got to do it. Steward!” They drank Scotch, three of them, a bot- tle of it as the afternoon slipped by. J. J. had his customary charged water after the first glass and, after steering the conversa- tion for Ben's delectation for a time, he lapsed into silence. They were well into the second bottle and Jensen’s speech was becoming a little uncertain when the young man took advantage of a lull. “Jensen/' he said quietly, “did you for- get all about that ten thousand dollar mort- gage when we made our trade?” The Viking's owner stared with open mouth, and then'he* laughed. , “B’ jiminy, forget it !" he cried. “That lan a gute one. Nobody ever see me for- :et ten thousand dollars.” Then you must have forgotten to speak out it.” Despite his liquor, Jensen’s mind was in ir working order. He examined the ooth, untroubled and unangered face jacross the table and found it very innocent d very boyish. "That ban another gute one!” he ughed. “That ban yust what I ban going say. I yust forget to tell you. And fterward, when I think about it, I say, h, what ban ten thousand dollars to Mr. lead?’ And I forget it again.” [ "I knew it must be something like that, J J said brightly, and without looking to- ward the amazed faces of Jack and Ben. | And so long as you forgot to mention it, |Ruppose we drink a toast to the departed, Bor I guess that’s what the ten thousand is Blow. It's about time for me to have an- ptfier.” I Craft had dulled the effects of the whisky <\ Jensen liad Ijeen watching J. J. closely 3 he spoke. But with the last words, and he guilelessness of the boyish face, he was Issured. “B’ jiminy, that ban another gute one. : cried. “We drink to the departed. ' 10 137 A little later Jack and Ben went back to the Cleopatra. J. J. remained, took the chair next to Jensen, talked boats, cruising, motors. Jensen beamed, became more ex- pansive, ordered another bottle. “Of course you stopped at the Vancou- ver Yacht Club on your way up,” J. J. said. “Well, you see, I not have time to join a yacht club down in Seattle and my skip- per he tell me I got to belong if I go visit- ing other clubs.” “Oh, that’s too bad. There are a lot of good fellow's down there and they would have been more than glad to have you take a visitor’s berth.” "Then I ban don’t have to be a member of a yacht club?” Jensen asked eagerly. "It’s the thing to do, but if I were there —I’d be glad to introduce you—” and J. J. frowned speculatively. “Ven you ban going to Vancouver?” “I ought to be there now but the Okis- ollo-■" “B’ jiminy, don’t you worry. I take you there right now. Hey, Captain! Get un- hooked and pull out. We ban going to Vancouver, me and Mr. Mead.” Chapter V THE FIGHTER A' T MIDNIGHT the Viking tied up at the float in Pender Harbor, and was away again at seven, but not before J. J. had left a message for transmission over the government telegraph. At noon she passed beneath the Prospect Point sig- nal tower in First Narrows and J. J., from the pilothouse door, saw the lookout read the yacht’s name with his glasses and then disappear. A hundred yards beyond, lie knew, their arrival would be known in the city. Carl Jensen, in fresh white flannels, his gold lace shining, stood in state on the af- ter deck as they passed up Coal Harbor and through the dredged channel to the yacht club. T- J- was in the pilothouse, giving the skipper the course, but when they approached the moorings he could not resist the temptation to take the wheel, and the Viking made her usual smart ar- rival.	a Two men were standing on the float, and no sooner had bow and stern lines been made fast than they climbed aboard. One was in uniform and as he approached Jensen the yacht owner arose with an ex- pansive smile. This could be no less 1 SHORT STORIES tho commodore of the club come to extend an ofticiaj welcome. “B’ jiminy, gentlemen, I ban glad to see you!'’ he exclaimed. “Won’t you sit down and have a cup of tea or a glass of Scotch ?" “Are you Carl Jensen?" the man in uni- form asked sharply. “That's me.” “Owner of this yacht, the Viking?" “Yes, and she ban one tine boat. Let me show-” “1 represent his Majesty the King and I hereby serve notice on you that your craft is libeled in the sum of fifteen thou- sand dollars. I will give you ten minutes in which to re- m o v e your crew, yoursel f and your per- sonal belong- i n g s, after which no one is allowed aboard.” Jensen gaped and blinked. J. J. was coming along the deck. One hand reached out and he gave the rail what was noth- ing less- than an affectionate pat. “B* jiminy, Mr. Mead, you tell these fallers they ban make mistake f Jensen cried. "They say I can’t stay on my own boat. This an American boat!” and he turned furiously on the man in uniform. “Your king got nothing to say about it." "Your craft has been libeled by due process of law,” was the even reply. "I advise you to gel a solicitor. Meanwhile, it will be necessary for you to remove your- self, your personal belongings and your crew.” "But what you mean libeled? Can't a man run his own yacht where he wants to without having a king getting fresh? Mr. Mead, you tell ’em. I buy the boat from you.” “The gentleman is entirely right, Jen- sen> J- J- answered. "You see, libeled is the marine term for attached. If you put tip the fifteen thousand dollars you can have your boat.” "You think I’m crazy? I ain’t got it. And why should I pay anybody fifteen thousand dollars ?” "Because your memory is poor and you forgot to tell about a little matter of a ten thousand dollar mortgage when you traded your logging outfit for the Viking. As soon as that is settled you will have iio dif- ficulty in getting your l>oat hack again.” It was some time before Jensen caltm down enough to leave the Viking. but 1 was no sooner on the float than his ctv demanded their wages. J. J. and Ta bert, his lawyer, departed for the city wht the Seattle man was listening to ne threats of libel. “Can you rush things through?" J. asked as soon as the lawyer started h car. "As fast as the court will act. We’- got a good case. Didn't the darned fo know he shouldn't have brought that bo back into British Columbia waters?” "All he knows about a yacht is having tea table on the after deck. "And he cat raise tliat money, can he?” “My report from Seattle is that he hast much cash but considerable real estate his wife’s name.” “The way I've sized him up, be wot touch tliat," J. J. said. "Got somebody buy in the Viking?” "I know half a dozen men who’ll ta that chance to make a couple of thousai and play square with you. Boy,” and T; bert glanced at the youthful face beside h with admiration tinged bv awe, “I hand to you. If, at your age. you can eat yo cake and have it, too. I want to see y work ten years from now.” “It’s sort of rough on Jensen,” J. i said quietly, “but maybe it'll be a lesson t him. Anyhow, he was a yachtsman for) week.” “You’re a grand little moralist !” Talbtl scoffed. "I can’t afford to have anyone think I[i easy. Besides, I haven't had a nibble j this cake vet. A lot of that three mi Hi I feet is still standing on a mountain, ail it’s got to be in Vancouver before I gt any cash.” "It seems to me you’re justified in g* ing to your father or your grandfather f j a loan. You're sound, can pull out with! good profit.” “T've never asked for a tow yet. It make port.” “Oh, I know how you feel about j You just jumped into a bad situation, b£ with the Mead Lumber Company behir? you—” And he waved his hand. “They weren’t behind me when I juinpe in, and I’m not playing the game th: way,” J. J. answered in a tone tliat d£ missed the subject. “You can drop me o anywhere along here. I want to scot, around for a tug going up the coast.” He found one, and forty-eight hours aij HIS OWN LOGS ter Me had left his camp he was back again. The Cleopatra was not there, and Creer could not tell him where it had gone. “They just pulled out that night,” he re- ported. "Never said a word." “Probably after salmon," J. J. said, and immediately he was immersed in reports of what had been done in his absence. The crew, he found, was keeping up its pace. A rivalry had developed between two donkeys. The fallers and buckets were comfortably in advance of the en- gines, and the big machine at the head of tlie skidway was handling the logs as fast as they came within reach of its long ca- ble. But J. J. was well aware that such effi- ciency in the camp did not spell success. It was essential, but other things could wreck him. Jensen’s note for $io,ooo, secured by the lachinery and equipment, was due August 20. After his talk with the cashier of the bank, he knew there could be no hope of 1	extension. That must be paid or he ould be foreclosed. The Viking was ibeled but the case might not come to ial in time. He could not depend 011 it. Jensen had delivered 450,000 feet of gs and 600,000 had been put in the water ince J. J. took over the camp. With no ious breakdowns and the crew maintain- ;g its present rate, he could get the re- aining two million feet into the water and his sections 139 test of seamanship. Now he saw only dis- aster in a freshening wind. It could not be risked, so short a time, even in August, and he could not afford any more risks than he had. For J. J. knew ,t: I this one job, this one lot of three million feet, the existence of his small out- fit. He read everything, each day’s prog- ress, each contingency, in terms of the fu- ture, in strides toward an ultimate goal, and m that light he could not fail. For several days he took no action, nor did he go to work again on the logs in the boom, as he had the first week. Instead he spent all his time on the mountainside, watching the operation, looking over the uncut timber and planning how best to get it to water. At the end of the fourth day he went to Rock Bay, across Johnstone Strait, and sent a telegram to his lawyer: RENT A DONKEY ON SKIDS AND HIRE A CREW, FALLERS AND BUCKERS. SEND THEM QUICK BY TUG. made up, ready for towing, in six weeks. A glance at the calendar showed that this left less than a week in which t o tow the logs to Vancouver, col- his money and go to the bank. J. J. whistled and his smooth face puck- «»*ed in a frown. The Yucluetaws Rapids, And then 110 sea miles in the Gulf of fceorgia! He knew every inch of that wa- ' rway, had seen log booms held up for Bays at the Ragged Islands, behind Grief Joint, in Pender Harbor. b Very often it offered marvelous cruis- that long, narrow Gulf of Georgia, d very frequently, with a big tide and a ff breeze, it could kick up a sea that ould pop logs out of a boom as one would e matches out of a box. Once J. J., the Viking, had welcomed a gale as a 10 On his way back in the gas boat, which had been part of the camp equipment, J. J. grinned at the thought of the load he was laying on Talbert’s shoulders. He had put the anxiety of terms and payment up to the lawyer, and once the donkey was on the job it couldn’t be taken away until it had served its purpose. But he had little time or energy to give to Talbert’s problem. His back was to the wall and he had to have that donkey. Those three million feet must reach Vancouver if he were to meet his obligations and con- tinue operations. Talbert had let him in for this present difficulty and could help stand the burden. A; WEEK later the Cleopatra ap- peared. As she approached the float Jack Mead, in the pilothouse, saw the steam plumes of four donkeys on the mountainside. Black River Ben, from the engine-room hatch, also saw, and came for- ward. “J. J.’s growing," he commented. “He’ll be outgrowing his pants first thing he knows," the old lumberman growled. They tied up and stepped onto the float. J. J. was not in sight and Sing John in answer to a question, merely waved to- ward the mountain. Ben walked ashore and for a time stood watching the logs as they shot down into the sea. After a while he climbed to tlie skyline donkey, where he found a seat on a stump. In a few minutes J. J. appeared. SHORT STORIES 140 “Things is moving fairly fast/’ Black River commented at last. “They’ve got to,” J. J. answered. His tone was sharp, and a little hard and a lit- tle strained. Ben glanced at him quickly, then away. "That note Jensen hung on you?” lie asked. “In a way, hut it would liave been just the same without it. This thing—it's got to go over big, Ben.” The old man started. He had never heard that note in J. J.’s voice before. It managed to convey the idea of strong but repressed emotions, the yearnings and eag- erness and insistence of youth. ‘‘It’s queer about logging,” Ben said. “Mention a logger and most people think of a millionaire. They don’t know that for every one that makes good there’s twenty that goes broke. It’s a hard game, and a ftinny game. It ain’t just a business proposition. The best business man in the world couldn’t make a logging outfit pay, just because he was a business man. There’s something about it—well, like being a fiddle player, I guess. A logger’s born, just like they say a poet is.” “But just being born a logger doesn’t make one,” J. J. objected. “No, and being born a poet don’t make a man one unless he learns to read and write and how long or how short a line’s got to be.” “How’s he going to find out ?” and there was a sudden insistence in J. J.’s question. “Just try in’, I guess.” Ben Black had always occupied a place of his own in J. J.’s heart. Both Jack Mead and Ben had been bis playmates. The mountains, the forest, the sea, all had been shared, explored and adventured upon to- gether. From this experience rough old Jack, strangely softened by contact with the boy’s fresh, eager mind, had emerged in the role of a conquering hero of the past, a man to be respected and worshipped. But age had mellowed the quick wits and the lightness of Bon Black, river driver, into a rich philosophy and a keen perspec- tive quality which J. J. had instinctively recognized as a boy, and had learned to de- pend upon in his youth. Ben had been the recipient of confidences which J. J. would never have dreamed of sharing with his father or grandfather. "That's what I’m doing—trying,” J. J. said at last. “There wasn’t any chance, down there in Washington and Oregon. It was like going swimming all bundled up in life preservers.” "Or hunting bears in a zoo,” It was not necessary for J. J. to e: plain more. He knew Ben under sto* perfectly, but there was one thing th; Ben did not know, J. J. believed. “Besides,” the young mail said at las “there’s more than that to this busiues The Mead Lumber Company is establishes It runs in grooves, and I'd be just a k learning to do business its way.” “You mean about shipping your luml* in your own ships?” Ben asked. J. J. glanced up sharply, for he was it prepared for this understanding of 1* dream. “If the Mead Lumber Compai is going on it’s got to carry its own pro ucts to the consumer!” he exclaim? “Other big companies do. Look wb happened during the boom in Southe California. We lost out on a lot of bus ness liecause we couldn't get the carriei I’ve talked to dad about it. He’s n afraid of salt water. He just doesn’t knci it, has a distrust of something new. Bl we’ve got to come to it.” Ben considered this in silence. “Look at our markets in the East!” J. continued. “Dad's built up a faith in t Mead Lumber and Mead grading. Wii our own shl we could g that prodt I there regular j d e p e n d a ly, and at d minimum t| cost.” “And yc figure that yj couldn’t go there now a; make yot ideas stick Ben suggested. “Not now, but later,” and there was tj triumphant conviction of youth in J. J tone. "Don't you see. Ben? I've got put this over to make good with myself ai then with him.” There was a passion in his voice Ben be never heard before, and the old man’s mit turned back to that winter camp on tli Swift, when Jerry had battled so fierce to prove himself in his father’s eyes. !•< a long time neither spoke. Ben finally broke the silence with question, “How long you figurin’ on? “Five years,” was the prompt answer. “In B.C.?” “Of course. I’m incorporated now, th Mead Logging and Towing Company. * HIS OWN LOGS Towing!" Ben repeated in surprise. You bet. Before I’m through I’m go- ng to tow my own logs to my own mill in Vancouver. I’m going to tow other men's ?gs, and I’m going to tow them differently than they were ever towed before, and from places where they haven’t been able o	tow successfully. I’m going over to ie west coast of Vancouver Island, and up above Cape Caution. I’m going to get ogs from places where there isn’t an ax mark now because no one thinks it’s pos- sible to get logs out.” J. J. had risen and was standing before Ben, his hands clenched, his smooth face suddenly and strangely lined and creased, lis eyes burning. “I’ve got to do all that!” le cried tensely. "I’ve got to make my dad come to me.” Ben shook his head, not from doubt but o	whip away the drops of moisture that lad appeared so quickly on his lashes. And then he grinned. “What’s the matter?” J. J. demanded. \ “My mind’s wanderin’, I guess,” Ben explained lamely. “I was just thinkin’ of Something that happened back in Wiscon- sin one winter before you were born.” Chapter VI A STAB IN THE BACK IT' HERE is no business like logging, and the manner in which it has been IJL conducted at various times and in Various places raises a justifiable doubt as jp whether it always remains strictly a busi- less. On a big scale, with great companies and extensive holdings, it is, of course, a sound, established industry. Yet, as in any en- terprise which depends upon the natural esources of a land, there is always the op- 3rtunity for the small man of small means, f>r tlie daring individual. In many places gold mining has been fcduced to a business undertaking. Com- anies have big investments, huge plants, II	the benefits of modern science. And et the prospector continues his lonely panderings, the pocket miner grubs with ck and shovel, and small companies with O-stamp mills struggle through to suc- ss or failure. Always there must be ilh and optimism. Logs and gold liave much the same ef- "t upon men. The solitary cruiser rches for new timber lands, the hand er works alone, the small operator in with one or two donkeys and a * w. and always there is bright faith in Hi 141 success. Great fortunes have been pyra- mided, and every man with a few dollars and a donkey believes he can do the same, though he sees wrecks piled high on either side of his path. It is much like raising chickens or find- ing ore that runs so many ounces to the ton. On paper it works out beautifully. A tract of timoer has cruised so many mil- lion feet, the cost of operation will be so and so, the rest is profit. It has been done a thousand tunes, is still being done, and we get boards with which to build our houses today because the logger is a first cousin to the gold miner, because he has faith in himself and an ultimate fortune. John Jeremiah Mead was born with the entrancing odor of newly sawed lumber in his nostrils, grew up sniffing the sweet aroma of a tree crashing before the ax. He knew logs and loggers. In tlie few years he had spent cruising along the de- ligntfully broken British Columbia coast he had visited countless hand loggers and camps great and small. He knew their woes and their opportunities, saw them fall and rise to success. His own undertaking had not been an impulsive affair. For two years the idea had been simmering in his mind and he had been constantly on the lookout for an op- portunity. His logger blood was richly charged with the loggers’ faith and optimism, but the two generations of success behind him had laid a solid deposit of shrew'd, cool wisdom, and he had used it. It was Carl Jensen’s trickery alone that brought him face to face with a crisis. And as he sat in his office a few days after his talk with Black River Ben he saw that he faced defeat. He knew that a word to his father or grandfather, and he could pull through, but complete failure was far sweeter than any plea to them. If he won. he was going to win alone. He had been saving his allowance for many months, he had sold his motor car, had borrowed from his lawyer, and with this cash he had kept going, meeting his payroll and paying enough on his supply bills to satisfy his creditors. He had counted on meeting the present crisis by borrowing, using his equipment as collateral. Jensen’s mortgage prevented I hat. It was true that, by catching Jensen British Columbia waters and libeling in the Viking he was in a position not only to regain the lost $10,000 but the yacht as well, but he had just received a letter from Talbert that Jensen had employed an at- SHORT STORIES 142 tonicy, had obtained a delay, and that the case could not be brought to trial before the note fell due. IT WAS a bitter pill for youth, for liigh hopes and a most commendable intention, and for a Mead. From early childhood J. J. liad been nourished 011 the saga of the Meads. The Meads had always won, had fought until success had been compelled. Now he tinned and twisted in his chair at the thought of his own ignominy, yet always his-mind turned back to the weekly payroll that must l>e met 011 Saturday night, and the meager balance tliat would be left. As J. J. sat there he suddenly became very still ami tense. The jjayroll 1 Al- ways his thoughts had brought him to that. In the remaining three weeks he could hold off his creditors in Vancouver. Hut the men! Less than a million feet to go. Nine working days and the logs would be in the water. There was a margin of ten days in which to get them to Vancouver. Five thousand dol- lars a 11 d he could win. He had to borrow it, and there was 110 security. A hanker would laugh at him. He had no collateral, and the men must be paid. The men! Nothing on which to borrow. For a long time J. J. did not move. It was Saturday af- ternoon. The hours were slipping. Mon- day morning there would lje no white piutnes on the mountainside, no tooting of whistles, no geysers at the skidway. But when at last he totaled up the time book and began to make out checks it was with sudden impetuosity, with a certain elation. Supper was eaten in the usual silence, but ■when the first man finished and started to leave J. J. looked up. "Just a moment, please, he said. “I want to talk to you fellows a minute when we’re all through.” The man sat down. There were glances of inquiry. 1 he silence now seemed op- pressive. At last J. J. arose. He had dreaded that moment, for never in his life.had he made a speech, or talked to a group half so large. But now that it had come he found himself curiously unimpressed by the srares nearly fifty men and l»y the frank challen he read in so many eyes. Something el- some force. I tad complete possession him. He laid a bundle of time checks on t table and then, one foot on his chair, elbow on his knee, he began to talk. He told them first how he had purcha> the camp and the contract to cut the timb gave the terms of die contract and then t plained how. with what little capital he fc and what he could borrow on the equ meat, he had been assured of carryi through successfully until the fust th million feet were in Vancouver. J. J. grinned when he told how both and his lawyer had been deceived by J. sen, how the mortgage prevented his b rowing as he had exacted, and some the men grinned hack at him. “Here,” J. J. said as lie picked up 1 bundle of paper from the table, “are | time checks for each one of you, paying j all work done to this moment. Thi checks are perfectly good at my bank; til is money there to meet them. “But," and the easy maimer and t« vanished and his voice became hard, ", have a balance of less than two hund * dollars when these checkes are cashed, \ enough to pay you for Monday’s work, j “I can’t borrow a cent. This ca; equipment is covered by a mortgage t: falls clue August twentieth. No ban would listen’ tome for a minute. No bt ness man would take a chance on lett me have five thousand dollars, l>ecause wouldn't l>e business.” Someone down the table laughed, j waited and then he said quietly, “Beca I know 1 can’t get anywhere with a l*an or a business man. I’m coming to you J lows. I’m going to ask you to loan me I five thousand dollars I need until these l»p are delivered." There was a note of incredulity in | laughter which greeted this. A few staii curiously.	jl “I don’t mean to put up the*cash,” J.[ continued with a confidential grin. “Wi| 1 m asking is that you let the pay days si a until those logs are in Vancouver. I| told you exactly where I stand, I can sh my contract, you can look over my boo The money’s there in the salt chuck 11c in those logs, but I can’t turn it into ca to pay you fellows until the logs rea Vancouver. “At the present rate the sections will made up a week from next Thursday nigl 10 HIS OWN LOGS gives ten days in which to get the spoke. At last a *43 to town, and unless we have worse thcr than any August known on the !t they’ll be there. Three weeks from jgbt the money will be in the bank and ou can be paid.” “What security do .we get?” a hook ten- called. “My word and nothing more,” J. J. an- red quickly. "What interest ?” another demanded ith a laugh. “I'm willing to pay through the nose,” s the reply. “I’ve got to. You’re y last chance. I’ll pay you fellows ten cent, for the use of your money for ee weeks. He waited a moment and when no one -ke he continued, "I don’t want you to rik of that as a bonus. I’m not offer- ~ you one. If you fellows turn me down camp’s closed. I’m through.” ERHAPS it was because he had ut- tered the words aloud for the first time. It may have been that he denly realized a Mead was making a last pairing plea to a bunch of loggers, tever it was, the effect upon J. j. was ling. His foot came down to the floor with a jmp, the intent, conversational manner ‘shed. Both hands gripped the back the chair and he leaned forward, eyes e, his boyish face strangely hard. “I’m asking a favor of you!” he cried rsely. “I don’t come in here begging your money. I’ve made a straight osition to you and you can take it or ve it. “And I’m not threatening you. The p’s closed now, unless you say other- . That’s a fact, not a threat. Nor I promising you anything except the in- t on your money. I f I keep on doing iness you don’t get any lifelong jobs or t snaps because of what you may do "All I can tell you is this. If you do as k, you can bet your last cent that there’s hing I won’t do to protect you. I’ve en over a rotten camp and made it pay far. I can keqi on making it pay if I a chance.” ■ J. stopped abruptly and turned to the at his back. He opened it, then ted. “I’ll he in the office,” he said. “De- what you'll do and send someone over ‘f-ll me, or a.sk any questions.” hey heard him walking away, heard his <■ door open and close, and no one 1,, . a. , , - ^ick set, gray haired bucket aughed outright. “In the panic of 93. back m Wisconsin, I was glad to work tor my board and tobacco,” he said. “But I never yet had a chance to work for wages and interest. He was an old-timer, one of those Sam Creer had rounded up, but there were only eight of them. The others were of an- other school of lumberjacks, the coast school, men who earned twice as much in a week as the old Middle Western lumber- jack had earned in a month. They were fed as no workingmen in the world were fed. Their dress in town gave no indica- tion of their occupation. Even in their reading they encountered philosophies and beliefs which were unknown to their predecessors. And if they had missed the hardships of the earlier days of the industry, so too, they had missed the old-time attitude toward their work, the earlier loyalty to individual employers, the earlier pride in a calling. To them a job is a job, judged dispassion- ately on the merits of the working condi- tions and the recompense. Calloused or cynical, justifiably or otherwise, no senti- mental plea, no magnetized touch of leader- ship, could touch them easily. It was such a group to which J. J. had talked, and he knew it. The old days when Hell and High Water Jack had taken a drive down Swift River with sixty loyal, yelling, fighting men behind him were gone. “Fine chance to work for nothing for tliree weeks,” one of them remarked. “Ten per cent, of nothing is what?” “Why don’t he pawn his white pants?” “Willie’s off the yacht and now he’s off the logs.” “Aw, give the kid a chance,’ a bucker growled." “He never asked anything of you. He made a proposition and told you to take it or leave it.” “And he got in some logs, a?,?thS added. He ci have won through.” “I f the square- head hadn't slipped one over on him. ’ There was a laugh, and Sam Creer stood up. ____“There’s one thing he didn't tell you ’’the oMdr^rex- plaincd. "He trapped Jensen mto gomg to Vancouver and he tied up his yaeht, so 144 SHORT STORIES now he stands a good chance to get the logging outfit and the yacht, too.” "He can have my three weeks' pay!” a young fellow cried. “Jensen came up here just to show off m front of us fellows that worked for him. and if he’s been gypped I'm with (he kid.” “There's something else he didn't tell,” another remarked. “He said the only se- curity we had was his word. We can put a lieu on those logs, no matter who owns them, and he knows it.” “Yes, you got to admit he's a square shooter. He didn't come no haby act.” “1 worked for the Mead Lumber Com- pany down in Washington and you can’t tell me his dad and his granddad are go- ing to let him go under,” a donkey engine- man said. “There's millions back of him.” “Only he didn’t tell us so,” one of the old-timers remarked significantly. They got the point, and were silent. There had been an appeal in J. J.’s talk, an appeal they had not wished to admit. Any man likes a game fighter and here, they knew, was one. In the moments of silence that followed J. J.’s fate hung in the balance. The scoffing had not killed entirely the impres- sion his speech had made. The Mead name was powerful. The idea of working for nothing was disturbing, and yet- “Aw, let him have it!” a young fellow, scarcely older than J. J., exclaimed as he anxse and stretched his arms. “Who wants some poker tonight?” They were on their feet, half of them talking. “Sure! Let him play a while longer.” “Anyhow, he leaves us Sundays off.” “You l)e Santa Claus, Sam, and go climb down his chimney.” Jestingly, disparagingly, they hid their real emotions, the fact that they had been touched by a game kid with his back to the wall, and trooped out to the bunkhouses. | Sam Creer knocked at the office door and was told to enter. J. J. sat at his rough desk, a little white but his eyes steady. “They’ll go you," Sam said, and went -out. He was a wise old man and he knew that moment was the youth’s alone. He had turned before he could see the quick blur that came to J. J.’s eyes. TH E only indication of an emotional reaction on (he part of the crew came Monday morning, when the logs Seemed to shoot into the salt chuck with more rapidity and frequency, the whistles to toot more cheerfully and insistently, t great fir trees to crash with an added ii petus from the fallers. A camp was telh) J. J. it was l^ehind him. Three days later he was assured tliat t logs would be ready on the date set and had one o£ the men take him over to Joh stone Strait in the gas boat. There caught a steamer for Vancouver. He had already made arrangements { a tug. There was one that lie wanted, t largest in the harbor, not only l>ecause needed a powerful tow boat to take c sixty sections but because the company h the reputation of seldom losing a log. He could have telegraphed but he coi not afford to take cliances. Those 1c had to go out. Two days after he departed the CU patra came around tlie point and slid up the camp. There was the usual met* lous mooring and then, when J. J. did i appear, Jack and Ben sought Sing Joh: “He go town get tug/’ the cook : nounced. “He cotne back Okisollo” “That's day after tomorrow," Ben ssi “He's sure got some logs in that boom “Pletty close sixty section next Wi nesday,” Sing John announced proudly Jack Mead looked sharply at the Chi | man and then up tlie mountainside, mg in he had been quick to sense the I tivity. There was even more snap in a work than when he had last visited a camp. He walked away, up the slope, and afl a little while he found Sam Creer. Ti old Wisconsin lumberjack’s eyes wj bright and his movements quick. Jsl saw it, and talked of a big salmon he 1* caught. Then, skilfully, slowly, he worll around to the matter he had in mind. ^ I “Some git up and. go to this crew,” I remarked. “The logs are moving,” Sam concede and then he added with sudden enthusiais “First time I ever heard o<f such a thi a He talked to ’em like he was doing em favor, and they took it. That lad, Ijr Mead—well, he’s a Mead if ever there vl one.” “What you talking about?” J;l growled. Sam told the story, and told it well, fi the drama of it had moved him peril;i more than the others. Jack listened in silence, and without s change of expression. “Huh!” he grunlt at the end. “He must have hypnoti2§ ’em. Bunch of damned fools.’’ He strode away, down to the water, a ■ I HIS OWN LOGS the Cleopatra, where he climbed aboard poured himself a large drink. He grin- ned while he downed it, and he continued to grin until he heard the men come down to dinner. A little later he went out onto the float. Singly and in groups, the members of the crew were leaving the cookhouse, rolling cigarettes, filling pipes, talking. Jack watched them, measured them, and when, a few minutes later, he spoke to one on shore he felt certain he had chosen well. “My name's Mead, Jack Mead,” he be- gan abruptly. “I understand you lads have got the idea the Mead Lumber Company is backing this outfit. I don’t want you to make any mistakes or come to us for any money, so I’m telling you right now that the Mead Company and nobody connected with it is putting a cent into this camp or will stand any losses.” The fellow mumbled something in sur- prise, stared, and Jack walked away. Aboard the Cleopatra he aroused Ben from a nap. “Let’s get out of here,” he suggested. “We're most out of liquor and we’d better be heading Vancouver way.” Chapter VII THE STRIKE BREAKER IN CONTRAST with his worries at the camp, J. J. had encouraging news in Vancouver. “Jensen was going to delay things so that we might be fighting that case all win- ter,” Talbert told him. “He was mad, and he got a good lawyer. I saw things were going to be tied up, so I took another tack.” “Criminal prosecution?” J. J. asked. “No, though there was grounds for it, and we’re charging fraudulent intent in li- beling the Viking. But there are other means of winning a suit. I just tipped things off to the newspaper boys.” “What do you mean?” J. J. asked. “You know yourself it was a good story. Son of millionaire lumberman trades yacht for logging outfit because he wants to go to work. Logger has always had ambition to Own a yacht, sit on the after deck and drink tea. They trade. Yachtsman goes to work. Logger goes yachting. “Why, boy, we even got pictures of the Viking all decked out the way he had it, and a description of his triumphal cruise up the coast, visiting all his old logging friends. “You can imagine what the papers did. 10 145 Seattle They ate it up. First page. Jensen was interviewed, told all about the joys of cruis- ing. And then, when it came out! You should have heard him. He left town in disgust. Of course, both you and Jensen being men, the Seattle papers hopped right to it. Their camera men met h i m—he still wore his yacht- ing clothes—and they guyed him unmercifully. “That was three days ago. Yesterday Jen- sen’s attorney told me he is through, through with the Viking,' with yachting and with British Columbia. He never wants to see any of the three again, or hear anything of them. When the case comes up there’ll be no op- position; the Viking will be sold to satisfy your claim. Somebody buys it in for you, and there you are, eating your cake and having it, too.” “Before August twentieth?” J. J. de- manded quickly. “Sorry, boy. That’s the one place where I fall down. The judge of that court is away on his vacation and won’t be back. I’ve tried every way but there is no chance.” “Well,” J. J. grinned, "I’m going to get my logs down here in time anyhow. Now I’m going over to see the man who owns them and make sure he has the money ready.” The owner of the timber which J. J. was cutting had driven a hard bargain with Jen- sen because he wanted to insure quick work. He needed money, and that money depended on getting the logs to Vancouver as quickly as possible. J. J. received a cordial welcome. 1 ne timber owner had read the papers. J- J- s own success meant that the logs would be delivered a month earlier than he had ex- ^ “We won’t wait for a scale, he said, “lensen delivered 468,000 feet. You bring down fifty-five sections and the minute the tug puts thtm inside the mill boom 111 pay you for three million.” “That’s fine,” J. J. grinned. You see, I may have to hustle to get to the “That note, eh?” the lumbernam laughed. “From what I ve read in the pa pers I guess you’ll make youncr fellow. I’ve got ten it. And say, million more I46	SHORT STORIES up there I'm goiug to cut this falL Want it?" “I’ll need money,” J. J. answered promptly. “No more of this three million before the pay starts." “Sure. I’ll be in better shape by then and we can fix that. I’ll have a contract ready next time you’re down." In the office of the towing company T. J. went at once to the owner. “Where's the Neptune?” he asked. “Passed Powell River this morning with a tow." “That’s fine. She’ll just be able to make it next Thursday. Who's on her, Star- rat ?” "Yes. IIow much you going to have?" “Between fifty-five and sixty sections," J. J. answered. “And they’ve got to be here quick as steam can bring them." “Don’t worry. I’ve been ready for you. The Neptune's got to take fifty-five or sixty sections to make money and we’re glad to have ’em all in one place. I’ll shoot her out of here as soon as she gets in.” Never, even in a regatta, had J. J. known the elation of that day in Vancouver. He was winning, winning all along the line. He had overcome one obstacle after an- other. Only victory could result. There is nothing in the world quite like it, youth feeling its strength, reaching out, clutching life’s prizes, testing and proving itself. As J. J. walked down the street he wondered how he liad ever found any zest in racing for a silver cup when there were so many worth while things to strug- gle for. His elation was not lessened even when he went to the bank and discovered that his note had been disposed of. ‘ Quite naturally, we did so when we had a good offer,” the cashier told him. “We don’t care to take over any more log- ging outfits than we can help.” “You would have been paid, ” J- J- re- torted angrily. “My boom will l>e here." The banker smiled good naturedly. “My boy,” he said, “it is a daily occurrence in this city, men waiting for a boom. I hear it so often I sometimes wonder how their faith can persist." “My l>oora will get here." “I hope so." T HE Okisollo sailed the next morn- ing. J. J. was so confident he would be able to meet the note he gave lit- tle thought to the fact the bank no longer held it. But later in the day he began to wonder why anyone should wish to have it in his possession. At last he went to the attorneys who, he liad been told, now held the note. When he sent in his card he was received by the head of the firm. “1 want to know for whom you pur- chased a note for ten thousand dollars se- cured by the property of the Mead Log- ging and Towing Company?” he demanded abruptly. The lawyer was a suave old gentleman with sideburns. “My dear young man,” he said, “that is a question I cannot answer. We hold the note in the interests of a client." “I know that, but who is he?" J. J. per- sisted. “We liave instructions not to divulge his name." “But that's hardly fair. What if I want an extension?" “All negotiations are to be conducted through us." J. J. did not want an extension. It had become a matter of pride to meet that note when it was due, a goal in this new and en- trancing game he was playing, and he in- tended to stand or fall on doing so. But lie was suspicious of the lawyer, felt an in- stinctive distrust of what lay back of the purchase of the note. “Very well,” he said. “How about my getting thirty days more time?” “I am afraid that is an impossibility,” was the answer. “Our instructions are to foreclose immediately if the money is not paid." In a flash J. J. saw the answer. Jen9en had announced that he was through, but here he was striking back. “All I’ve got to say is that you’re in a pretty business!” he exclaimed. “I’ve libeled your client’s yacht because of fraud on his part in connection with this note. He withheld knowledge of it when lie sold his logging outfit, by which it is secured.” “My dear young man!" the lawyer pro- tested. “I am sure you err!” “I don’t err, and I won’t. You’ll find me at the Vancouver Hotel on August twen- tieth. See that you’re there with the note." Later, going back on the Okisollo, J. J. laughed when he thought of the shocked expression on the old gentleman's face, but he did not laugh when he thought of Jensen. As never before he determined that he was going to win through. For the first time the personal element entered the situation. There was someone he wanted to humble. As the Okisollo approached his camp J. J. went below to get his bag, and it was p* not until they were warping in to the float that he saw there were no logs shoot- ing down the skidway, no exhaust steam from the donkey engines on the mountain- side, that a number of the crew were wait- ing, their baggage at their feet, to take the steamship. The Okisollo was still ten feet from the float when J. J. took a running leap from the lower deck cargo doors and landed squarely in front of his departing workmen. “Where are you going?” he demanded. None answered. They had not expected his volcanic landing. “Why aren’t you at work?’’ J. J. insisted. “We’re quitting,” one of them said sul- lenly. The Okisollo was tied up now. The re- mainder of the crew had come from the bunkhouses. J. J. looked at them. He was beside himself with rage He took a step forward and his fists were clenched. “Wrhat’s the matter with you fellows?” he asked hoarsely. Again no one spoke. "Afraid to speak, eh? You’re a bunch of quitters! A bunch of welchers! Your word’s not worth the breath it’s spoken with. You told me you’d stick, and I be- lieved you. You work a week and now, when we might have won out, you bunch it.” “Don’t get too fresh, young fellow,” a big faller grumbled. "I won’t stand for those names.” “You’ll stand for that and more, because any man who’ll break his word, go back on someone who’s in a hole, hasn’t guts enough to resent being told exactly what he is.” “You’d ’a’ got a square deal if you’d been square with us,” someone called from the back of the crowd. J. J. leaped forward, pushed his way through to the speaker, whose voice he had recognized. It was the man to whom old Jack Mead had spoken, a wood bucker j named Glover. "You’re a liar, Glover!” he cried. “I have been square with you.” “You were not,” and Glover, while truc- ulent in voice, retreated a step. ‘‘There ain’t no Mead money back of you. If 1 you’re broke you’re broke, and your father nor your grandfather won’t step in and help 10 HIS OWN LOGS *47 you out, pay us what we've earned. And that s so. I know it. Old Jack Mead told me so himself.” It was the thing needed to break J. J/s rafe‘, Pe had lo.st contro1 of himself, saw only defeat, and in that moment he did not care what happened, would gladly have at- tacked the entire crew. Now it was his turn to step back. lie told you 1” J. J. repeated in aston- ishment. He whirled, saw Sing John in the cook- house door. “Was the Cleopatra here while I was gone?” he asked. Old Jack ’n’ Black Livel they come, stay hour, go away,” the Chinaman an- swered impassively. J. J. whirled to face the crew. Tlie mystery of his grandfather’s act must wait. With a clear head he faced the crisis. "Is there one of you fellows who ever heard me say there was Mead money be- hind me; that in case I went under it would help me out ?” he demanded hotly. A few shook their heads. None an- swered aloud. But at the back of the crowd several were walking away, picking up their baggage. “Captain Mackaye!” J. J. called to the blue clad figure on the bridge above him. “Don’t let one of these men aboard your vessel for ten minutes. And, as a favor, Will you hold your boat here that long?” The skipper had been watching, and lis- tening, and he was not entirely ignorant of the situation. Moreover, the nerve of the youth had won his admiration. “Keep those fellows ashore!” the cap- tain bellowed down to his crew. "Anil leave those lines alone. I ll tell you when to cast off.” “Thanks, Captain,” J. J. said, and again he faced his men. “Now,” he resumed, “that night I talked to you, when I asked you to let your wages slide for three weeks, did I say anything about Mead money being back of me, about it being used to help me out?” No one spoke and J. J. looked around. “How about it, Matheson?” he de- manded, pointing at a man. "And you, Fraser? Campbell? Tarr? Murray? Did I give you the impression I had any- thing back of me ?” Purposely he had picked out the older, steadier men, and he insisted that each an- swer before going on to the next. All shook their heads emphatically, though with a bit of shame.	, “You gave us a square talk and didn t claim anything,” Murray answered. SHORT STORIES “Then why this fellow along. And thanks for waii- 148 "All right," J. J. retorted. the quitting?" “Because your grandfather let us know it was the right thing for us to do," an- swered Glover. “What did he say?" “That he and your father and the Mead Lumber Company wouldn't stand any losses and didn’t have a cent in this camp." “And nobody ever claimed they did," J. J. retorted. “I told you I was going un- der unless you fellows came through and 1 would have won out if you hadn’t been a bunch of quitters and welchers." ‘That’s enough of this talk!" the big faller cried. "I’ll say it again!" J. J. shouted. “And I’ll tell you something else. There isn’t any Mead money kick of this camp but there’s a Mead running it. And you’ll find tliat out before you’re through." “How about it?" someone called from the crowd. “They say that back East no- body worked for a Mead unless a Mead had licked him. Does that go here, too?'’ He was one of the crew who had come in with the new donkey, a loud talking hook tender who voiced an opinion 011 every sub- ject. “Step out where I can see you when you talk like that," J. J. commanded, and when the crowd parted he walked up to the man. “Now," he said, “you know and I know that conditions are not the same here on the coast as they were back in Wisconsin. Maybe my grandfather had to lick every man on his crew, and maybe he only wanted to. I wouldn’t have a man in my crew I had to lick. “So you’re fired. I’ve got a hundred and eleven dollars left in the bank. You get your pay. Now take off your coat." “That’s talking!" cried Captain Mack- aye from the bridge, and the score of pas- sengers hanging over the rail, most of them loggers on their way to various camps, let out a cheer. The man sensed that the crowd was not with him and drew back, but J. J. had an excess of emotion that needed working o4T. “Come on and see what a Mead is like!" he shouted, and sprang forward. It wasn’t much of a fight. The fellow didn’t get started, or didn’t try. When he fell down J. J. turned away in disgust. He went into the office, wrote out a check and gave it to the man. “All right. Captain!" he called. “Take mg. ’ The skipper gave the word, lines were thrown off and t h e Okisollo drew slowly away. “Now," J. J. said as he faced his waiting crew, “it’s eight hours before dark. You can get in a day’s work." The men laughed and turned away. Be- fore noon logs were sliding into the chuck. Chapter VIII A HEART INVINCIBLE JERRY MEAD gathered, from an oc- casional letter postmarked in some un- known office up the British Columbia coast, that J. J. was still cruising. Jerry was very busy, not only with the Mead Lumber Company itself but with plans for the consolidation, and he was away from Seattle much of the summer. Negotiations for the merger were prog- ressing more rapidly than he had antici- pated, his entire attention was occupied by it, and it was with something of a jolt that he read in a Seattle paper tliat his son had traded his yacht for a logging camp and stood in a fair way not only to keep the camp hut to get his yacht back as well. Jerry’s inclination was to believe that it was only a newspaper feature with no more foundation than a joke on the part of some of J. J.’s friends. He forgot it, until a few days later when he received a telegram from his father asking him to come to Van- couver. Jerry caught a night boat and was registering at his hotel when Jack Mead came up.	tt “No need of writing your name there,’ Jack said. “Bring your bags along.” “What’s up?" Jerry asked when they were in a taxi. “I don’t know exactly. How’s the mer- ger coming?" “Better than I had hoped. We’re about to draw up the final agreement." “Huh! Pretty fast work. When's it go into effect?" “Immediately." Jack said nothing. “Where are you taking me?” Jerry in- sisted. “I want to return tonight ” ^ “I’m taking you up the coast a ways. 10 HIS OWN LOGS "But I can’t!” Jerry protested. “I’ve got to get back. This thing can’t be put off ” Old ^ack was silent for a while, and Jerry saw that he was disturbed. “Look here, lad,” the father blurted out at last. “I’ve never asked much of you. You and I’ve always understood each other pretty well. We’ve hitched fine. We never had any doubts, did we ?” “No.” “Then don’t have any now. I haven’t changed a bit.” Jerry’s instinctive protest died before the realization of the unusual nature of this request. No ordinary circumstances could have dictated it. And there had been something in the old man’s manner and voice that was entirely new. It was a passionate insistence, al- most a plea, was as close to an expression of deep emotion as he had ever known old Hell and High Water to come. Jerry was silent. He did not wish to go. He ought not spare the time, cut him- self off from all communication with Seat- tle, and yet he knew that here was some- thing in which he could not fail his father. “All right,” he said at last. “But make it as quick as you can.” Characteristically, Jack made no com- ment. Instead he began telling his son of the cup the Cleopatra had won, and of his and Ben’s satisfaction in beating the crack yachts of the Northwest. “You mean that old tub of yours is the fastest boat in Seattle?” Jerry demanded. “The surest,” Jack answered. “It ain’t a speed race. They call it a reliability con- test. This year we run from Seattle to Victoria. Just the finishing time is set, and every skipper figures out the speed of his boat, and tides, and maybe wind, and he decides how long it will take him. Then he starts so as to finish right on the dot—• if he can.” “Didn’t J. J. win something like that?’ “Two years running. He’s a wizard at it, and he knows his boat better’n most commercial skippers. But this year he wouldn’t enter. He went dangling off up the coast and left Ben and me to uphold the honor of the family.”	^ “And you and Ben won, eh?” “Just fifteen seconds off our estimated time. No other boat was within half an hour. It’s "most eighty miles.” “That’s steady running.” “It’s more than that!” Jack exclaimed with some heat. “It’s being absolutely sure and mighty longheaded. That’s the reason J. J. won twice, and would have won this year if he had entered.” 4ND that is all Jack would tell about f-\ J. J. until they were sailing north in -m.Calm Channel the next afternoon. Ben was below, washing the luncheon dishes. Jerry and his father were alone in the pilothouse. “J. J.’s bought a logging camp and been running it all summer,” Jack announced without any preliminary. “So that’s what I’m up here for! I saw something in the papers but didn’t believe it.” “It’s only a small part of the reason,” Jack said. “He traded the Viking for three donkeys, a fine float camp, complete equipment and contract to cut six million feet, with half a million already delivered.” “I understand,” Jerry said coldly. “You put him up to this. It happened just after I saw you in Vancouver and you think that- “Stop right there,” Jack growled. “I never knew it myself. Didn’t know where he was until I run into the Viking with this squarehead aboard. So get that idea out of your head. Ever since he started he hasn’t told me a thing about his business. What I’m going to tell you I learned my- self.” “But you influenced him. You told him I	was planning this merger, intended to get out of the business,” Jerry insisted. “I did not and I’ll give you any odds he doesn’t know yet what you’re up to. He’s been—” Jack stopped and chuckled. “He’s been too busy to know there’s any other logging outfit in the world except his own.” “And you brought me up here to watch him cut a little jag of logs like that! Six million’s nothing, if his contract's all right. That doesn’t alter my opinion. J. J.’s not a logger and he doesn’t care about the busi- ness. That s what I didn’t want to do, force him into any-’ “Force him!” Jack interrupted. I guess the lad’s done all the forcing. I told you in Vancouver what he needed—his own logs and his own game. And he found it! Don’t think anything you ever tackled at his age was like this. “The fellow he made the trade with slipped one over on the lad and his lawyer. Hid out a mortgage. Had it filed after the trade. Ten thousand dollars. That spoiled J. J.’s plan to borrow on the out- fit. “Worse than that, he had a poor crew. 15 o No git up and go. And it didn’t make any better when he wore his white yacht pants on the job." Jack seemed to be concentrating on hold- ing the Cleopatra to her course down a perfectly clear and wide channel. “He fired half a dozen, gave two of them a good licking and in a week those three donkeys were putting more logs into the water than any three I ever saw before. He sold his car and then, when he found how Jensen had tricked him, he turned round and libeled the Viking. He knew maritime law, and he didn’t let that square- head put anything over on him. Now it looks like he's going to have liis camp and boat too." Jerry’s eyes had brightened but he couldn't quite place the J. J. he knew in the picture. “That was a clever trick," he admitted, and then, after a quick glance at his father, he added, “He’s smart, all right I never said he wasn’t. But can he stand the gaff?” Jack walked to the rail and knocked the ashes out of his pipe. “Well, he went flat broke and then he got his crew to let wages slide until he had delivered tlie logs," lie said when he returned to the wheel. “How he did it, I don’t know. They’re a differ- ent breed than the lumberjacks I knew back in Wisconsin. But he did it! I guess that ought to show you he’s a Mead. We always had our men behind us, but this took something dif- ferent from just leading a bunch of hell raising river pigs down fast writer.’’ Jerry made no effort to conceal his pleasure, for he knew t h e value of that quality of lead- ership which he and his father shared. Black River Ben came up from below and stood in the pilothouse door. Jerry looked thoughtfully over the water for a while and then turned to his father. “The lad’s got stuff. I never said he hadn’t. Only he’s playing a short game like that reliability run you won. How do you know the thing will hold him?” “Well, I’ve given him a chance to quit," Jack answered. “I bought up that note and told the lawyers to foreclose if the money wasn’t paid. And last week I drop- ped in at the camp and dropped a hint that the men couldn’t count on any Mead money being behind J. J. and paying any wages he couldn't." “You did whatf” Jerry demanded. “That’s the rottenest trick 1 ever heard of!” Ben exploded furiously. “You’re getting too old to live if you’re that mean! J. J. was havin’ tough enough sleddin', and he was getting by. Now with that! Why, he can’t win out! You’ll break the lad’s heart, that’s what you will, you—” And there followed a scorching flow of exple- tives that only an old river pig could achieve. “It won’t break his heart if he’s a Mead,” Jack said coldly when tlie furious Ben had subsided. It was brutal, and it was heroic. Jerry glanced down and saw his father’s knuckles were white where they gripped the wheel. He had always known how Jack worship- ped his grandson, how the boy had so strangely softened the rough river driver of a past generation, and suddenly he com- prehended how' the old man had put his faith to the test, not because of any past performance but because of pride in name and blood. THE Cleopatra went steadily on, and there was silence in her pilothouse. They were abreast Church House, with the Yuduetaws opening ahead, when at last Jerry spoke. “How’s the boy stand now ?” he asked. “If he held his crew, the logs are in the water and the sections made up. The Neptune comes tomorrow to take ’em to town. The note’s due the twentieth.” “But this is the ninth!” Jerry exclaimed. “Taking a boom of two and a half million the length of the Gulf of Georgia! He hasn’t a chance." “It can be done," Jack said, and then, with a slight break in the voice that had never faltered before, “if he’s a Mead.” They tied up at Henry’s that night to wait for the. high water slack in the morn- ing, but they did not fish for salmon in the rapids. Instead three silent men sat in the Cleopatra’s main cabin and waited. A dozen miles to the northwest J. J. sat in his office, also waiting. But there was 110 tension, no expectancy. His job was done. Fifty-six sections of fir and cedar logs were in the water, sections of be- 10 SHORT STORIES it HIS OWN LOGS tween forty-five and fifty thousand feet each. That afternoon the last hole had been bored in a boomstick, the last boom chain dropped through. The booming winch had drawn the logs tightly together, the swifters were in place. Before noon the Neptune would come, and she would have ten days in which to get the logs to Van- couver, one hundred and twenty-five sea miles to the southeast. J. J. was not tired. Youth derives stimulation, not exhaustion, from a strug- gle. Now, as he sat there, he was already busy with the next job, the ten million feet he was to cut. There was a pad of paper before him, a pencil in his hand, and he was dreaming the lumberman’s dream, that is so curiously like the city man’s dream of a chicken ranch—so many hens, so many eggs per day, so many chickens at the end of the first year. Only J. J. had raised every chick, and he knew it. Everything except a forest fire had risen up to balk him, and he had gone on. “Five years,” he said to himself over and over. “Five years and dad will come to me.”' He sat back. For the first time that summer he found himself wishing for a sight of the blunt bows of the Cleopatra. It was a moment he would have liked to share with his grandfather and with Ben. He wanted them to know that some of the fire and force that had made Jack Mead a legendary hero had come down to him. And he wanted, too, to hear his grand- father’s reassurance that whatever remark had caused the mutiny, it had been due wholly to a misconstruction of an innocent statement. There could be no other ex- planation, he had concluded, of Glover’s story. The next day the Neptune arrived just before noon. J. J. was apprised of her ap- proach by a prolonged tooting from all four donkeys, but when he went out onto the float he saw that the big tug was ap- proaching slowly. Behind her was a boom of logs. To J. J. it meant only one thing, that Captain Starrat had picked up a hand log- ger’s boom and would leave it while he took J. J.’s logs to town. The men came down the mountain for dinner and the tug man- euvered the boom into the bay and made it fast. J. J. was the first to leave the table and as he went outside the tug was drawing up to the float. 151 “How about it?” Starrat called from the pilothouse. “Your boom ready?” ‘‘Every log,” J. J. answered with a grin. Fifty-six sections.” “Fifty-six, eh? That’s too much. I cant take more than forty-five of them.” “What?” J. J. demanded incredulously. ‘You’ve got to take ’em!” Anything else was unthinkable. Fifty- five sections had to be in Vancouver or he did not get his money. “I take what I have orders to take,” Starrat answered gruffly. “I’ve got fifteen sections now, and forty-five just make a tow.” The men had been trooping out of the cookhouse and heard, and they were suf- ficiently aware of the situation to catch the full import. But J. J. still could not be- lieve. “Look here, Starrat,” he said. “I was in your office a few days ago and Reed promised me the Neptune would take out my en- ' tire boom.” “Well, I been there since and he told me t o bring this other stuff and take what 1 could of yours.” “But my logs have got to be there!” J. J. protested. “Reed knows that.” “See here, young fellow,” and Starrat leaned over the rail and looked down at J. J. “If I was to listen to the troubles of every logger I tow booms for I’d feel as if I was ninety years old all the time." “My logs are going,” J. J. stated em- phatically. “Sure! I’ll take out forty-five sections and in a week or so Reed will send up a small tug for the rest." “You’ll take them now.” There was a new note in J. J.’s voice and the tug captain stared down at him curi- ously. There had been command in it, not a mere statement but the expression of a will, a purpose. Yet Starrat only grinned. “Tell you what, son,’’ he said. "\ou fight this thing out with Reed. He s the man to talk to. I’m just doing what I’m told by the man who pays me my wages. When you get your own towing company you can give orders to tug captains, but not before.” It was said patronizingl}* and with an in- solence which, J. J. sensed, had a purpose I52	SHORT behind it. Even the contemptuous refer- ence to his own towing company was but a reminder of the high dreams which had been his only an hour before. J. J. looked back where his own men were grouped on the float. Victory had been achieved. The logs were ready, not only through his own efforts but by their faith and trust. They stood there, watch- ing, waiting to see what he would do. They had kept their part of the compact. 11	remained for him to see that the logs reached Vancouver. Whether he was be- ing thwarted by Reed’s duplicity or by the boorishness of the tug captain, it didn't matter. Those logs, all fifty-six sections, must start. At once all the energy and determina- tion, the high purpose and ambition of the summer, were concentrated in the moment and in the issue, and in the person of Cap- tain Starrat. “You’re going to take my logs, all of them,” he said, “and you’re going to leave that other boom here. Those are your or- ders, and I’m giving them.’* The captain laughed, and spat signifi- cantly over the rail. “Grow some whis- kers, kid,” he answered, “before you talk to grown men.” The tug had been made fast to the float while they were talking and J. J. leaped aboard and started along the port side to- ward the bow. Starrat saw him coming and ran down the steps. There they met. “Whiskers, eh?” J. J. cried in a choked voice. “Any whiskers on this?” and he let fly with his right. Starrat was nearly forty, and heavier and taller than J. J., and he had no mean reputation on the Vancouver waterfront as a rough and ready fighter. He laughed and struck back when J. J.’s fist caught him on the side of the head, and J. J. went spin- ning away. “Come on, kid, and get another one,” the captain taunted. J. J. came with a rush, his head down, both arms working, and again he was sent reeling against the bulwarks. For an in- stant he hung there, a little dazed, and then charged forward again as furiously as before. Only this time he suddenly stopped short, let Starrat swing, then leaped in. When they broke away after a furious exchange of wild blows the tug captain was breath- ing hard and there was a smear of blood on his face. With J. J.’s first rush his entire crew had sprung to the side of the Neptune and STORIES climbed over the rail to points of vantage. The tug boatmen, too, had run forward. The mate started to interfere, only to find a big logger in front of him. “The kid gets a show,” he was told. Sing John was there, brandishing two butcher knives and yelling strange, shrill words, and when J. J. charged that second time the Cleopatra drew up to the tug's side and Jack and Jerry Mead and Black River Ben stood on her deck and watched. His face smeared with blood, his clothes torn, his lungs heaving, J. J. swept in to a fresh assault. For a time Starrat's skill kept him away. It was brutal. The log- gers cheered at the first few rushes but when they saw their employer hurled back time after time they became silent, except for muttered exclamations and an occa- sional word of advice. But J. J. did not hear nor did he see his father and grandfather and Black River Ben. He was unaware even of the crowd that had gathered, that lined the bulwarks of the Neptune. He knew only that he faced defeat and that he could not lose, only that in the lug captain were personi- fied all the deceit and opposition, all the troubles and woes of the summer, and that he must go down, lie prostrate on the deck. It was brutal, and it was magnificent. Bloody, bruised, staggered by heavy blows, without skill, the youth continued to be the aggressor. There were times when it seemed he could not go on, when Jerry and Jack Mead gripped the CUopatra's rail with pressure whitened fingers, when some of J. J.’s crew began to mutter, “Stop it!” But, though bruised in body and dazed in brain, one clear, undimmed light shone before J. J.’s half closed eyes. He must win. It was brutal, and it was beautiful. Pure courage kept him on his feet. Pure cour- age sent him charging in. Pure courage furnished the power behind the blows he struck. And not once liad Starrat been shaken from his position. He still stood, waiting, timing his blows, confident. He was rather fat, his occupation gave him slight opportunity for exercise, and his wind was bad, but J. J. had not shown anything to disturb him. He knew he had only to wait, keep cool, pick his chances. But J. J. had something Starrat had never before encountered. It was a fight- ing heart, come down from the two men who stood side by side on the Cleopatra’s deck, a will and a purpose that never admits defeat; and as J. J. charged again and HIS OWN LOGS again and yet again, as he was hurled hack against tlie bulwarks only to leap forward, Starrat began to be troubled. He was breathing heavily, and this youngster, who should have been prostrate on the deck five minutes before, was always com- ing back. With the cap- tain’s wonder- ment an idea penetrated J. J.’s rage enshrouded mind. He must use his head’ not waste himself so. His lungs were bursting now, his arms were becoming leaden. He charged twice more, less furiously. Starrat grinned. The end was coming. And then J. J. advanced slowly, arms still. He feinted, ducked the heavy swing and, with all the fury of a terrier, he charged in, head down, both arms shooting straight and hard into Starrat’s mid-section. The tug captain grunted and winced. He beat down at the head pressed against his chest but w'as driven back. A heel caught a ring bolt in the deck and he tripped. Instantly J. J. became a thing possessed, of unleashed fury, a raging, battering burst of passion. Not for an instant did he re- linquish his advantage. He did not know Starrat had tripped, only believed he had retreated, and he kept him going back- ward. The loggers burst into a wild cheer. Black River Ben reached inside the pilot- house and held down the Cleopatra's whis- tle cord. And in that din, amid the shouts of men who had reverted thousands of years, J. J. kept battling on, crowding, striking, bor- ing ceaselessly. Something told his white- hot brain that body blows were effective and he no longer reached for Starrat s face. And he knew a wild, sweet exulta- tion as a fist sank into soft flesh. The very fury of the struggle threw them apart. Starrat, gasping, hands down, stared at his adversary. "You're a good kid,” he said. “I admit it.” . . . Swaying, battered, dazed, still clinging to the one thought, J. J. charged again. The very ferocity of it toppled Starrat over, anti he went down, J. J. on top of him. The young man was in a frenzy now. He grasped the captain by the throat, beat bis head on the deck. 153 “Do all my logs go out?" he demanded. “Today?” It was not the sobbing wail of a frenzied youth but the hoarse insistence of a man. He relaxed his grip for an instant. "They do!" Starrat squeaked. I Chapter IX THE HOUSE OP MEAD T WAS Sing John who was first to J. J.’s side when the young man arose to his feet and staggered away from Starrat. “You come by kitchen,” he said as he put an arm around his employer’s waist. “I washum up.” But others were there. The loggers crowded around, shouting hoarsely now. Jack, Jerry and Ben leaped at once to the deck of the Neptune and were struggling to get through the crowd. The mate of the tug ran up the steps to the pilothouse and looked down from there at the mob. “Hey, you loggers!” he cried. “It’s one o’clock. Get off this boat so we can get busy. We got to make slack at the Yu- cluetaws this afternoon.” Old Jack reached J. J.’s side. There were tears in his eyes, and he was swearing steadily and indiscriminately. One of the old mid-western lumberjacks saw him and grinned. “Say, old-timer!” he cried. “I’ve heard what they used to call you on the Swift but you lost your name now. It’s passed on. There’s Hell and High Water Mead!” and he pointed to J. J. “That’s the boy! Hell and High Wa- ter! Neither can stop him!” the loggers cried. “You’re a has-been, old fellow.” “Maybe.” Jack retorted, “but I want to tell you men that every dollar a Mead owns is behind this camp from now on. Get to work.” The loggers whooped as they leaped onto the float" and streamed away. Captain Starrat was on his feet, shaking off the deckhands who supported him. He strode forward and confronted Jack. “What you let me in for?” he demanded angrily. “You never said anything about this kid being a cross between a wildcat and a bull- dog. I didn’t know I’d have a fight like this on my hands.” “T did,” Jack retorted. “And I knew he could lick you.” “Well, don't come around to me with any I54	SHORT more of your funny schemes. Play your own game after this.’ “What's he mean?” Jerry demanded. “1 mean that this old fossil came around to me with a plan to tie a knot in this kid’s logging," Starrat replied. “He said he had it fixed up with Reed, my boss, but if he didn’t-” "There’s nothing to fix up,” Jack said. “Go on and get these logs out.” He turned and found J. J. confronting him. The boy’s eyes were nearly closed, blood smeared his face, and his shirt was in tatters. “And what vou told my crew!” he cried. “They nearly quit because of your med- dling. Why are you bucking me?” "And that ain’t all,” Black River Ben in- terjected angrily. “He bought up that note on you, lad, and he was going to fore- close.” They faced each other, grandfather and grandson, staring straight into each other’s eyes, the younger searchingly, wonderingly. the older with undisguised pride. “Why?” J. J. began, and then he started. “I see!” he said. “You wanted to find out-” “Find out nothing!” Jack interrupted with a growl. "I knew all the time. You never had to prove anything to me. But, I didn’t know—there was-” He broke off uncertainly and turned to Jerry. J. J. looked around and saw his father for the first time. “How did you ge here?” he demanded in surprise. "On the Cleopatra” “I see!” And J. J. looked understand- ing^ from his father to his grandfather. “You had to have proof, eh? I knew it. Well, I’m not ready to give it yet. Come back in five years.” ‘‘Five years!” Jerry repeated in bewil- derment. ‘‘In five years I’ll show you. Now I’m going ashore and wash up.” Sing John led him away, and when they were gone Ben turned to the two Meads and laughed. ‘‘Now you two bright boys!” he jeered. How you going to get out of that? Put up a game on him, will you? Test him out, eh. Hell! Why didn’t you come and ask me?” STORIES THAT afternoon the Cleopatra went south. J. J., ignoring his torturing body, was at the wheel through the Yucluetaws an hour and a half before high water slack. Jerry stood beside him in the pilothouse and watched in silence until they were through. "You can handle a boat, boy,” he said then. "I can handle ships!” J. J. retorted quickly. "Ships!” ‘‘1 don’t mean to navigate them. I mean to use them hauling lumber. Before I get through I’m go- ing to be run- ning every end of the game my- self, from tree to retail lumber ' yard.” All the way through Calm Channel Jerry was silent. At last he aroused himself. "Where can I send some telegrams?” he asked. “Powell River is the nearest. Office will be closed before we can get there but they will go off in the morning.” "I wish you would stop. There’s a lit- tle deal I want to head off as soon as I can.” He looked up to see his father standing in the pilothouse door. The old man was grinning broadly. “And another thing,” Jerry continued. “When you get things cleaned up next week I wish you’d run down to Seattle for a day or two.” There was just a trace of deference in the father’s voice that did not escape J. J., and his heart leaped. But he had deter- mined to do certain things, and J. J. was not easily shaken in his purpose. "Sorry,” he said, “but I’d rather wait.” Again Jack looked at Jerry and grinned. "I think,” Jerry said slowly, “that any- thing you :ay will have just as much weight today as five years from now.” Which is how a yacht grew into a fleet of lumber carriers that have the same house flag the Viking once flew. SAM’S MA By BARRY SCOBEE Author of “Black Sheep,” “Heavy Money,” etc. THE DEANS WERE OLD-TIMERS IN THE CATTLE COUNTRY AND BORE AN HON- ORED NAME THERE. SO THAT WAS WHY YOUNG SAM DEAN'S MA WAS DE- TERMINED THAT THE NAME WOULD NEVER BE ASSOCIATED WITH RUSTLERS IF SHE HAD TO RIDE FOR AN ENDLESS NIGHT TO ACCOMPLISH HER PURPOSE THE roly-poly detective knocked imperatively on the siding of the little unpainted shanty- house, about mid-afternoon, and mopped his nearly bald head while he waited. Steps sounded on the bare floor within, the door was opened, and a big bony woman of a pioneer type, stern and unresponsive, stood there. “Mornin',” grunted the caller, replacing his hat. “Miz’ Nancy Dean?” “Yes.” “Sam home?” “Sam?” Her grim face relaxed and brightened as if at a magic word. “No, suh, my son ain’t in right now.” ,rWhere is he?” The query was brittle. It wiped the brightness from her face and set her hard on guard. Her eyes lifted above the man’s big hat and searched out across the dusty Southwestern land toward the tree- less town beside the railroad track, wishing that she might see Sam coming. Then her masked glance dropped back to the round red face that in a way was as stern as her own. “Who are you?” she asked, brittle as he. “Name’s Pink.” He turned back the lapel of his vest, oddly suggestive of pull- ing his lip wrong side out in an impudent grimace, and displayed a bright star. 10 “Railroad detective,” he added. “Come in,” she invited succinctly. She closed the door behind to keep out the blowing dust. Pink selected the rock- ing chair and sat down with his hat on his knees. She sat down in a straight-back and faced him. “Now what you got to say for yourself ?” she demanded. “Nothing,” said Pink. “Sam. Where is he?” “I don’t know. He’s been in no cussed- ness, if that’s what’s itchin’ ye.” “How do you know, ma’am, without the evidence? Didja hear about that half mile o’ stock tram going into the ditch up lieah day before yesterday afternoon?” “Got ears, ain’t I ?” she whipped scorn- fully, instinctively opposed to this intruder who was somehow against Sam. “Heard the thunder when it piled up, didn’t I ? Heard the beJlerin’ cows. Got eyes, ain’t I ? Seen the cattle and the riders going back and forth, didn’t I? And Sam has been working day and night at the wreck, ain't he?” “No,” said Pink so\tly, and smiled. Nancy Dean whitened under her sallow tan at this inadvertent giving away of Sam, but she pushed out in a quick attempt to cover.	fl “Hoooo, Mister, you think I actually r55 SHORT STORIES meant working day and night, don’t you? Do you think 1 don’t know all about my boy V* Pink declined to enter that discussion and kept on. “Two cars of that train load had un- branded yearlings, ma'am. A few have been rounded up, some were killed and crippled and their beef and hides have been handled by the crew of salvagers the rail- road company sent out. But some fifty or so are still missing.” “Well?" “It’s been recalled, ma’am—to speak plain—that when Sam was helping round ’em up that first evening and get them to the stockyards he kept cutting those un- branded yearlings farther and farther to- ward the fringe all the time, till about dark he had 'em worked out and throwed to- wa’ds the north-” “You saying Sam stole them?" Nancy Dean broke in harshly. “He didn't! Why, Mister, what on airth would he do with them ?” “Can’t imagine, ma’am.” Again Pink smiled with significance. “They say Sam has got a hard head and a strong back.” She did not fail to receive this by the handle—that Sam was all muscle and no wit. Red spots appeared on her high cheek bones, and Pink took warning and spoke with more deference. “Over in town, Miz’ Dean, they said you was as honest as the day is long and was striving to make a man outa Sam. I expected you to cooperate at once in getting the yearlings back, before a warrant of arrest was issued. Because the hoof prints of the horse that followed those yearlings, zigzagging in behind and pushing them along to the road, where all tracks was lost, had the right fore shoe bent.” “Hoooo!” Mrs. Dean derided in a long- drawn shrillness. “What did he do with them? Tell me that. Hid ’em maybe under a rock, or in a shadder of a cloud, or maybe behind his horse out there on the flat.” She cackled in unbelievable scorn. Pink flushed. They got up, moving toward the door. “A dozen men are ready to swear that Sam's right fore shoe was bent,” said Pink. “I’ll swear out the warrant.” Mrs. Dean swung open the door for him and he waddled through. “You go to the stock pens,” she advised witheringly, “and like as not you’ll find them yearlings in some pen there where they’ve been overlooked by you tenderfeet." Pink faced about and tried to fix her with his glare. “Madam,” he demanded, “you tell me where that cow thief son o’ yours is!” “I don’t know where he is!” she flung back, this time without hesitation. “You mise'able snooping wretch, you’ll prove your words or I ’11 sue that railroad o’ yours skyhigh for slander! Sam’s done no wrong.” She slammed the door in his face. She leaned her arms and head against the i>anels and sobbed with the dry racking of a wo- man whose tears have all but dried up in the grinding mill of human life. But not for long. In a moment she was peering from the window, hardly seeing the angry waddling figure of the detective in scan- ning the dusty scape for her son. Sam had come home in the wee .small hours of the morning, slept the forenoon away and after dinner had gone to the village—all of which Nancy Dean would have told Pink had he not become so brusque there at first. The sleuth had scarcely disappeared in the maze when Sam came cantering along, Mrs. Dean went out to meet him at the wire gate of the horse lot, her skirts blow- ing, her face bleak and merciless. “Where are they, Sam?” she sang out without preliminary. Sam jerked around startled. He was big, uncouth, strong backed, with a sand) complexion and stiff hair showing undei his big Western hat. In contrast to th< sombrero he wore shoes instead of thi cow country boots. Sam wasn’t nothin’, a.* his neighbors said. “Where are they?" she repeated grimly “What, Ma?” She did not weaken her position by ex- planations. She drilled at him with wint- ery eyes and waited. Sam’s face vven'j white under his round, weathered cheek—* a family trait in high moments—and hi wavered at last, and turned to unsaddling his horse. Nancy Dean stooped and picked up the bay’s right fore foot. One prong oi the shoe was bent, nearly broken. She faced Sam again with one dry aching sob! “Where are they?” It was like the beal of a fist.	• ... Sam strode to the house, she on his heels Inside she unlocked a drawer in an old chest and pulled out a quirt. “I’ve tanned your hide with this before now,” she said. “I’ll doJt again even it you are above votin' age.” “Ma—” She lashed out before he could evade. SAM’S MA 157 The pliable leather hooked around his head and left a streak on his right cheek. "Ouch! Damn!” he cried. “Don’t, Ma>" “Where are they?" He tried to seize the whip with sprawling hands. She succeeded in lashing him twice more across the shoulders and neck with all her might. Then he caught her wrists. Hell was in his little slate eyes. He choked on his words. He could not strike or twist his mother—not quite. He walked her backward and sat her down on the bed. Then he fled. “Sam,” she shouted after him from the threshold, “they’re getting out a warrant for a cattle thief.” Sam stopped. He came back with re- luctant, dragging steps, looking shriveled and meek. “Where are they ?” she panted, unrelent- ing. Sam looked at her, his great wrestler’s shoulders against the door tliat he had dosed behind him. He moistened his lips and swallowed. “Hid,” he whispered. “In the hills four miles south of here.” She studied him, then slowly returned the quirt, pushing the drawer shut with the side of her hip. “What was you aiming to do with them?” she asked. “Turn them to Tonky Jones—I wanted money." “That cattle thief!" Sam twirled his hat to a corner and sulked to his cot in the little lean-to. “Come night,” said his mother, “we’ll go get them.” And added, “If Sheriff Tweed a’t got you in jail by then.” She told Sam about the detective. They discussed the subject at length, S a m realizing more and more the sore predica- ment he had got himself into. It came to Nancy Dean with a growing convic- tion that for the sake of wiping lie slate clean they must accomplish noth- ug less than getting the yearlings back to Wie stockyards—they must succeed in this o	save Sam and keep the Dean name clear. 1 She could not keep away from the win- ow, away from watching for the coming f an officer with a warrant. She arranged pv ♦ \J j (Y ingeniously to hide. Sam behind a curtain against the wall where clothing was hung out of the dust. "I’ll fool ’em!” she declared. Sometimes as she watched at the win- dow she sat with arms folded, a grim and sorrowing figure. Sometimes she sewed absently on a colored shirt for Sam, while her expression clouded and cleared, clouded and cleared, as she thought now of Sam as a toddler at her skirts and again as her grown son in trouble. She was afraid. Afraid of the sheriff, afraid because he was of a newer generation and a comparative newcomer in the cattle country. He did not know the Deans, their honorable record, as an old-time sheriff would know them. Probably didn’t care. Just a newer genera- tion. Nancy Dean shuddered once, and once she wiped away a starting tear. But never once did her stern old pioneer soul weaken in Sam’s behalf. She prepared supper and when they had eaten, it was lamp lighting time. But she did not light a lamp. Sam went out to remedy the bent shoe and saddle the horses while she washed the dishes. Then she donned old overalls and boots, relics along with the saddle that she would ride, of the days when she rode with her husband handling the herds that he eventually lost. It was just when she was ready to start that the headlights of a car suddenly ap- proached the house and stopped. As a rapping came on the front door she slipped out by the back door and stole around to where she could observe. Two men were between the headlights and the house—Sheriff Tweed and Frank Long, his deputy. Nancy Dean flitted across the horse lot through the thick dusk to hurry Sam at the shed. But the shed was empty. Sam and the horses were gone. From behind the rickety door she watched the move- ments at the house. A flashlight was dart- ing about inside—the officers making a search. The light went out, and then be- fore she knew "it the men were almost to the shed.	„	^ Chance of escape cut off, Mrs. Dean jammed herself down in a corner of the rear stall, and in a moment the pocket light was flashing from the doorway, and Tweed spoke harshly. “Horses gone."	„ “Just got away—cookstove still hot, complained Frank Long. “If we’d of got back to town an hour sooner wed ot clipped this warrant on Sam and saved us a lot or trouble, like as not.” SHORT STORIES “They've gone to handle those yearl- ings.” Tweed was put out. “Scatter them to destroy the evidence against Sam. Or if the old woman’s in on the deal—” "She ain’t. Few minutes we was in town a half dozen of the ol’-timers collared me, said Mis’ Dean would he more likely to make Sam trot those yearlings back than to be in on the deal with him, poverty poor as she is.” “Yeah. The old-timers give me an ache, always trying to run things. Chief Pink told me they’d been feeding him that soup all day. He laughed at the idee. Said Old Lady Dean would do anything under God's sun to protect tliat Loafing Sam of hers. They’ll hide those yearlings deeper in the hills, or scatter ’em to the four winds. Scatter them, we’ll put in a week rounding them up, and we’d never get them all, see- ing they’re unbranded. They’d mix in with other herds.” A moment of silence, then Tweed spoke more incisively. “Frank, I’m a mind to make a big try tonight, before the stuff can be moved far or scattered. Deputize some of our good friends with cars—the boys’d call it a lark —and go out and scrape the landscape with the headlights and spotlights—every road and back trail and hill and flat where cars will travel. We’d be almost certain to find that old woman and Sam transferring the bunch somewhere, or else just going to it. Catch Sam red-handed, or make him show us the stuff. Make a case out of him. Two three years inside would do that loafer good anyhow. Few hours’ work tonight might save us a week of hard labor.” “You’re right,” the deputy agreed. “In case we should find them bringing the stuff back to town, what’ll we do?” “Pinch Sam, if it’s in two hundred yards of the stockpens! He’s got it coming, the bum. These old-time families call me an upstart and try to run things. We’ll just show ’em they can’t monkey with the buzz saw. Let’s go 1” I weed got away from the door and let it swing to. In six strides Nancy Dean was there peering and listening. When the two men got half way to their car she eased out into the night and went searching be- yond the shed. What had become of Sam ? Surely he was just out here waiting for her. And he was, a short way off. "Tweed’s turning out the town against us!” she panted as she stumbled up to him. “We’ve got to get the yearlings in before he finds us.” “Tweed—did he have a warrant?” “A warrant—and contempt in his heart for us old-timers, and you.” “Let’s ride!*’ They galloped east across the unfenced alkali flat with the March wind against their backs, the woman astride her old warped saddle that she had not been in for ten years. When they reached the north- south road that came out from town Sam turned along it toward the town. “They couldn’t track me after I got the ca’ves to this hard road,” he told his mother, riding close. “I’ll show you how I took them.” He presently turned off to the left obliquely toward the stockyards. The ground was cut up by hundreds of cattle being shipped in the last two or three weeks and no particular herd could be traced anywhere within a quarter of a mile of the yards. “I drifted them past the pens and across the track ’way in the night when ever’body t was gone,” Sam went on. “The stuff ir* the pens was bawling. Nobody could ol told what I was doing.” “You didn’t gather them up and drive i them by yourself,” said Mrs. Dean, cattle- wise. “Had a hobo from the wreck. Give hini two dollars. He thought the stuff wait mine. After we got back from hiding them he went on his way. Slick idee,” Sam cons tinued with a touch of pride, “to crosii them over the track and to the south hills I Tweed’ll be more likely to think I tool* them to the north hills." “Slick idee,” replied Mrs. Dean crush! ingly, “ain’t good sense when it's criminal'I “Reckon you’re right, Ma.” On ahead at the stockyards they could hear cattle bawling, showing that not ah had been shipped. No lights were to bd seen. “We better turn in and water th«c horses,” said Sam. “They had no watesl since morning.”	_ i “Sam,” she warned, “somebody mighj be there in the dark to see us.”	1 “Well, horses got to drink, ain’t they?’f They reined around the end of the pensr moving cautiously to the circular meta * trough beside the creaking windmill. Th< ) night was as dark as a clear moonless nighi! could be. Sam’s horse finished drinkingfl first and moved off. Mrs. Dean's hacE just lifted its head and was mouthing wateij when without warning a light flashed inf her face.	I “Excuse me, Mrs. Dean.” It was theii station agent. The light snapped off.i 10 r1 '’You—looking for somebody?” “Nol exactly,” she answered from a throat constricted with alarm, and she blurted out the first words that came, to give Sam time to get away. “They’re kind of accusing my son of driving off some yearlings, and 1 told that detective feller this afternoon that like as not a lot o’ tenderfeet had overlooked the stuff heah in the pens.” ‘‘Not a chance, Mrs. Dean. It looks like Sam, ma'am. Right sorry to hear it. They might make it purty hard for a—ahm, you know how it is, Mrs. Dean, about cattle stealing.” Why was this man prowling around un- der foot, she suddenly asked herself. Was somebody going to ship tonight and spoil her plans of bringing the stolen goods back ? “Shipping tonight?” she asked, at the same time making her horse step about to cover sounds Sam might make. “No,” the agent answered. “No mo’ cars till tomorrow." And he added com- plain ingly, “I came down here to shut off this windmill ’fore it strips its gears. Got no helper now." Then, “Mrs. Dean, where is Sam?” As when the detective had first put the question, Nancy Dean hesitated percep- tibly, then answered positively. “I don’t know."	_ I She did not know, she assured herself— he might be forty feet away or a hundred yards. She rode off toward the town until she- was out of the agent’s hearing, when she turned south and pres- ently found Sam out on the flat. They kept on south to ascend- ing ground and a wire fence, which they fol- lowed to the road. A gate let the m through into a great ranch, and they headed south- j “Four miles, nearly,” said Sam. ' The west wind was high and cold. It t>it at their faces, pushed die breath down their throats. Ice would form this night, 1'or the first time Sam showed compassion for his mother. 159 “You'll freeze, Ma," he said. “You better go home. I’ll do this.” “No goin’ home till the yearlings are back,” she retorted stubbornly, though her heart warmed at Sam’s interest. She wore an old knitted hood, a sheep- skin jacket that her husband had left, and yarn mittens. But the glassy wind penetrated to her very marrow. As they mounted the gently rising ground and rose higher than the town they watched back over their shoulders, and after a time they saw the lights that began to crawl over the country beyond the town toward the north hills. Once Nancy Dean brought up, and while the horses humped their rumps to the bitter gale she and Sam stared at the spectacle—seven or eight glinting headlights scattered over the country, hurrying, turning here and there, on little used back roads, up the sides of slopes. There was something threatening, implacable, about the widespread move- ment, and Nancy Dean turned to her son with a new question born of her fears. “You sure them yearlings will be there— couldn’t get away or not lung?” “They’re there," answered Sam in his positive way. “Nobody riding up in those rocks to find them." “Did Honky Jones know they were there?” “Yep, I told him." ‘‘They’ll have to be there," she said, “or that upstart of a sheriff will send you up.” They rode on. Mrs. Dean experienced a bit of pride that Sam had been shrewd enough to cross the railroad and come to the south hills. Otherwise they might now be cornered over there by the cars. They had made three of the four miles when they were given a start by the snorts and noises of stirring animals, and they saw they had come upon a handful 01 horses sheltering in the lee of a rocky upthrust on the open slope. They stopped to get a few breaths out of the wind and view the moving lights against the opposite slope. Only three or four were visible, the others no doubt having penetrated the hills. Nancy Dean thrust out her mittened hand in an abrupt gesture. “The town jumps at ye the first chance it gets," she said. “It’s what^comes of your idling and never working.”	^ “I’ve told j a and toldja I’d go to work. Sam retorted hotly, “when I could find i job where theah's a chance o' pummolion. “Them yearlings better be up there or yo chances of pummotion will be mighty slim Come on.” SAM'S MA i6o SHORT STORIES They struck out again. In a short time a high rimrock began to take black shape ahead. Sam kept straight on as if he meant to ride into it. The grade was stiffly up- hill now. “Ca'ves are right at the foot of the rim," Sam explained in snatches over the wind; "In a bowl dug out by the water that pours over from the mesa in the rainy season." A shallow, rocky canyon began to close in on them, until they were riding single file. Then Sam stopped. “I laid a rock wall across this neck to keep the yearlings in.” he said as he got down. Then he grunted queerly. Nancy Dean slid from her saddle. “What, Sam ?” “They’re gone!” Sam criecf hoarsely. “Gone?” “The rocks all knocked down. Some- body’s done it. Calves couldn’t.” They led their mounts over the loose rocks and through the narrow gap into the bowl. There was no shifting of startled yearlings. They made their way to the back side. The place was empty. Sam struck a match, and Mrs. Dean saw that he was squatting at the edge of a pool. “Little seep,” Sam explained. “Skim of ice. Broke through at this edge where a calf stepped, and not frozen again. Hasn’t had time. Calves haven’t been gone long. See where they trailed water with their feet? Plumb fresh yet.” “That cattle thief’s beat you to them.” Her jaws snapped. “Tonky wasn’t to be here till midnight, like I told you.” Sam struck another match and looked at his big tin watch. “Ten,” he said. “He’s taking them to his strip,” de- clared Mrs. Dean with conviction. Tonky Jones had inherited from his father a ranch of twenty sections or so—a small area in this land of great ranches. Tt extended in a long narrow strip from the other side of this rimrock to the Mexico border. The senior Jones had so chosen it in the early days for a trap. When cat- tle drifted on to it he would drift them casually down to the Mexico line and sell them to unscrupulous buyers. It was more than suspected that Tonky was emulating the example that had proven fatal to his father. lie had come twice from the grand jury unscathed, but the cowmen’s hearts were hardening and Tonky’s days were numbered. “If he’s double-crossed me—!” began Sam savagely and stopped. It was a hard moment for him. Prison seemed terriblj close. He went on in a different, quietei tone. “I've been a fool, Mother. But don’ you worry now. I’ll get those yearling: back or know the reason why—back to tin stockyards, too, where they ought to be.” Nancy Dean’s old heart thumped wit! joy at this excellent coming out of her iKiy “If Tonky’s doing this,” Sam went on “he’ll have to take them down to the road He can’t get them over the rim any othft way. And he's just got started. We cai overtake him.” They remounted and set out. At thi mouth of the little canyon they turned of to the right parallel with the rimrock But rocks and huge boulders that througJ the ages had rolled down from the rim am lay on the upper reaches of the slope drov* them down hill some, just as the boulder undoubtedly had done the yearling herd But as soon as they were past the boulde field they kept straight along the slope. In a surprisingly short time they mad out a moving black blotch ahead. The pressed forward steadily. Sharp littl noises reached their ears—a rider slappin: his leather chaps to urge the calves along i Pushing forward they made out two rider driving the herd of yearlings—dim figure- against the dim sky and quite unrecogniz| able. The Deans halted for a consultatior There was something sinister about thosi silent riders handling stolen cattle. Whtj were they? How might they be armed And how determined were they ? San seized his mother’s saddle horn and pulle< the horses together in low talking distance “I’ve got my old revolver,” he said sig nificantly.	. I “No shooting!” she warned. “We ain « killers.” “We could ride in on them, shooting ant! hollering. Thieves is purty easy scareci off.” “Two can’t make much noise to scan with,” Nancy Dean said. Sam pondered this. After a few second.1) he burst out with inspiration. “Say! The horses back by the rocks! Come on. We’ll give them fellers with the ca’ves the scare o’ their lives!” He reined down the slope and she per-' force followed. They trotted, then gal- loped. Nancy Dean was an old hand in the saddle. She had helped her husband through entire roundups. She saw some- thing now that she wanted to call to Sam s attention. She pushed ahead and soon caught up with him. SAM’S MA "See that?” she called. "Yeah.’' She meant the headlights that Sheriff Tweed had out combing the hills, only now at least six of them were on the main road coming toward town. “QuittiV!” said Sam jubilantly. But Nancy Dean doubted it. They found the horses still sheltering in the lee of the rocks and headed them out diagonally up the slope, Sam slapping his thigh with h i s old hat to hustle them into a trot. There were six or seven of the animals. They were used to be- ing rounded up and driven, the same as cow stock, and they kept pretty well bunched, with Sam and Mrs. Dean riding on the rear flanks. The two kept watching the string of lights on the road. It required but a few minutes for the bright glares to enter town and be hidden behind the buildings. The little bunch of horses, becoming limbered, broke into a gallop. This was what the Deans wished, but it appeared that the loose stuff was going to outdistance the ridden animals and get away. Sam bellowed something and Nancy Dean saw what was meant—the parade of man hunting headlights and spotlights com- ing out on the south side of town and mak- ing for these south hills. Sam began to whoop and slap his hat at the horses, to set them cantering again, and he yelled at his mother in wind-blown snatches. "We gotta hurry—ride them thieves down—git them ca’ves—” “—hurry—” went the echo of his mother. Even at that moment the headlights were coming through the road gate into the ranch. This was evident because alternate cars were turning right and left to go across the pasture land. The range horses were galloping again. Mother and son had to drive their mounts with the quirt to keep up. Human eyes could not make out a great deal, hardly more than the black bulk of the rimrock, but this was sufficient for their well de- veloped sense of location. When she 161 judged they had climbed far enough Mrs. Dean bent in on the bunch's right flank and turned it straight along the slope at about where she thought the calves would have gone. Four cars at long-spaced intervals were mounting up the hill-slope diagonally, rirst one then another swung in zigzag style, raking the thin dry grass for two or three hundred yards with their beams. All at once it seemed hopeless that the Deans could accomplish their purpose, and the woman slacked her horse with the thought of calling Sam and seeking con- cealment while there was yet time. But Sam’s voice came calling with the wild daring of youth. "Shove ’em ahead, push ’em hard! Make them cattle thieves think we’re a troop o’ cavalry!” Mrs. Dean urged her mount again. The range horses, no longer climbing, were will- ing to run, and she and Sam soon had them pounding along. The unridden horses were now thunder- ing along pell mell, heads high, hoofs oc- casionally cracking on loose rocks. Then all at once the dark blotch of the calf bunch loomed ahead. It was galloping too. The riders with it were vaguely vis- ible. Occupied with their own affairs they evidently had not discovered what was coming behind them. Nancy Dean and Sam together loosed t'.eir warwhoops, a shrill ki-yi-ing, and Sam’s pistol began to bark. The surprise was complete. One of the mysterious rid- ers let out a yell of consternation, one fired belatedly twice, and both abandoned the calves and disappeared down hill. This maneuver turned the range horses down hill also, preventing them from running down the calves. This aliowed Sam and his mother to come in on the rear of the yearlings. Sam rode hard along one side and turned them up the slope. The climbing soon wore out their panicky speed, and they slowed down. The bunch was spreading out however, and both Sam and Mrs. Dean had to over- work their jaded mounts to keep the calves together. At the same time, back over their shoulders they could see the zigzagging, on- coming automobiles. They got the yearlings bunched again, still forcing them up hill, and Sam made a hasty scout back to see if there were any stragglers.	. “We’ve got ’em all!” he bellowed tri- umphantly when he regained the herd. i62 SHORT STORIES They were now at the very foot of the rimrock, but there was no hiding place. On the contrary they were standing out on the slope for every eye to behold. The stock was white-faced Herefords, easy to see in a light. “Hoo-ay, ca’ves I” shouted Sam in his driving urge. “Git along! And to his mother, “We’re caught if we stay here, 'Nother bowl up here toward the road. Got to make it." They crowded the yearlings into gallop- ing again, Mrs. Dean behind, Sam at one side. They could not have held the bunch together under such circumstances without the rimrock on one side. The headlights and spotlights came nearer. All the cars were coming straight on now up hill and toward the Deans, as if their fiery eyes had caught a glimpse of the calves and the riders and meant to run them down. “They see us!” shrilled Nancy Dean. “Hide, Sam, hide and I’ll talk to ’em' !" “No lights touching us yet,” Sam denied. “We can make it maybe. Once to that hole—Hoo-ay, ca’ves!” They *-ove their jaded horses at the rear- most yearling to rush them on. The cars were gaining rapidly, and bunching as if they were centering on their quarry like a pack of hounds. Then the head calves began to disappear. Sam realized they were clambering down into the shallow pot against the wall. He sped around to the other side to hold them in. The calves were no sooner in the bowl than it was plain that the depression was not deep enough to hide them adequately. For the first time Nancy Dean and Sam stood hopeless. The cars were near. When they swerved a little more everything would be lost. The woman awaited the moment bleakly, though the heart within her was near to turning to water. And then an unexpected thing took place, that caused her to wliisper an incredulous question into the night. “What—what they doing?” < For the cars were speeding on past. No doubt of it. She watched breathlessly. They began to turn, there not two hun- dred yards away. She thought they were coming back. Then she realized that they were on the road, and that they were disap- pearing in the pass that led through the hills and around to the other side. And she understood—they were going to Tonky Jones' strip, leaving a clear field for the Deans! NANCY DEAN and Sam had just finished the disnes from a late breakfast when a car drove up in front of the little shanty-house and Detec- tive Pink and a strange city-looking man alighted. Pink introduced the stranger as the railway’s attorney. “We found the yearlings in the stock- yards this morning, ma'am,” smiled the roly-poly detective to Mrs. Dean when they were all seated, “Right where I told you,” snapjxtd Nancy Dean, as unrelenting as ever. "You ain't got a speck of evidence on airth to de- fend yourself with in a slander suit.” “Yes’m,” said Pink agreeably. “Reckon Santa Claus brought them back. We thought maybe debts would be settled nicely all the way around, ma’am, if we'd come over and offer Sam a good job.” “Job!” Sam and his mother exclaimed together. “The station agent,” Pink explained, with an insinuating glance at Sam, “needs a young buck with a hard head and a strong back for a helper.” Sam’s slate colored eyes glittered at Pink. “Any chance o’ pummotion?” he de- manded sharply. "Chance of being ‘pummoted’ up to be the president of the road,” Pink drawled, “if you can make the grade.” “Or maybe even clear up to be a railroad detecative,” Sam sneered. “He’ll take the job,” said Nancy Dean— and there was no doubt about it. “Sure,” agreed Sam meekly, “and keep it, too.” He flung out of the house and struck off to- ward town. The two visitors arose and moved to the door. Mrs. Dean was beaming with sup- pressed satisfaction over the happy out- come. “You know,” said Pink ruminatively, “I sort o’ thought yesterday that maybe you were—uh, shielding Sam." “Me lying about Sam!” protested Nancy Dean. “Why, I wouldn’t tell a lie about him. Sam’s my son. I wouldn’t lie about my own son.” THE WINNING TICKET By FRANK RICHARDSON PIERCE Author of "The Squaw Alan's Mother” “Rough Going,” etc. A STORY OF THE HEART THROBS AND ROMANCE FOLLOWING IN THE WAKE OF A TICKET FOR THAT GREATEST ANNUAL EVENT IN ALASKA-THE ICE BREAK-UP WHEN Carmack struck the gold that started the great stampede through Skagway, over the Chilkoot Pass, down the river to the Klondyke, Sam Winslow was working in a broker’s office in Boston. He talked gold until the entire office force became restless and the boss lost his temper and fired Sam. Sam had worked for that boss ten years and had proven faithful. The boss had expected Sam to show up the next day in a meek and lowly mood and beg for his old job back. But Sam had sworn he wouldn't sit at his old desk again until he had dug a sock full of gold out of Alaskan or Yukon gravel. Like many others he believed it could be picked up in the streets and that the creek water was so thick with gold a man had to let it settle before he could take a drink. Sam arrived in due time and helped a lot of others celebrate the first Fourth of July in Dawson; when it rained bullets from American gats and so frightened the thousands of dogs that some are running yet. That winter Sam came in with enough gold not only to fill his sock, but several tin cans as well. Boston was rather distant at that moment. Sam spent the winter enjoy- ing the high pressure amusements and mak- ing a watch chain of nuggets. A picture 10 1 of Sam and his heap of gold, published in Boston, brought letters from all of Sam’s old friends. It seemed that a wave of hard luck swept them shortly after his departure and all of them needed money, loans of course, “at the usual interest," to tide them over to a better day. Some offered good security; others’ securities were indefinite. Sam, having a good time, with the world before him, shook his head. “Poor devils,” he muttered, “humped over books, watching the clock, breathing second hand air, scared of their jobs. I haven’t forgotten those days. Instead^ of going back there and lording it over 'em with my money, I’ll just give era a hand. You’ll see what the North had done to Sam. He had come from a crowded city where it was every man for himself with little thought of the other fellow. And a season where men depend a lot on each other had changed him. And that was the end of Sam, financially. He sent many thousands of dollars over the trail on Jake Kline’s sled and he got back pieces of paper saying “I promise to pay—” The gold in the tins was gone in the spring. Some of it had gone for pleasure, but most of it had gone Outside. 1 hat re- maining in the sock went to a grubstake and Sam moved on. The years passed swiftly and Sam was 63 SHORT STORIES 164 forgotten by many, and the first to forget were those to whom Sam had loaned money. Some of the letters he sent Out- side—and he did not send them until he was broke himself—pleaded for more time. Others were unanswered and some were returned unclaimed. The northern post- mark was sufficient of itself to hint at the contents. One letter had been steamed open and rescaled again. Sam smiled with a trace of bitterness at that—not because of the loss of money, but because people slipped down the social scale until they did such things. Camps that were 011 a million tongues knew Sam. He struck the good camps and the bad, but he never again struck real pay. His limbs grew a bit stiff in time. This was because he had waded so many icy streams and permitted his clothes to dry from the heat of his labor. Heat that goes into the drying of icy clothing never returns to warm the blood. One season he could not prospect at all—the year he had rheumatism. Sam was in a native village when the influenza struck the world. He felt sorry for the poor devils of In- dians and nursed them through, then when he caught it himself there was no one able to care for him. By this time Sam was used to that sort of thing. He crawled into his cabin and burned for days, but lived, emerging a shaking skeleton of a man. Of course he was in no shape that year to prospect, until too late to more than scratch the ground. But he managed to find three square meals a day most of the time. Once he did chew his moccasins and he laughed as he did it because it reminded him of a story he had read. He had laughed when he read the story—in the comfortable snugness of his bunk. Then he had said, “Thinks like that never happen except in books/’ A lot of things had happened to Sam that would never be published in books, because thty were beyond belief—an insult to a reader’s intelligence. Now he moved stiffly about his cabin, thinking not of past glories or disappoint- ments, but of the immediate future. Hav- ing cooked a meal, washed the dishes and swept the cabin—most miners are very Tieat he examined the contents of his sock. It was a well worn sock—worn from hold- ing small pokes of gold and not from contact with his foot. A moose hide poke rolled out, along with an old pocket book containing slips of paper which read, “I promise to pay.’ The paper was yellow with age and had worn through at the folds in many places. But the poke contained nearly two ounces of gold. He hefted it in his hands, expertly weighing it. “For twenty-five dollars 1 can get in the ice pool," he reflected, “and I might l>e lucky.’’ The ice pool was an annual event in vari- ous parts of the North—as much a part of the community life as the ice itself, the salmon, the gold and the winter trail. When the ice went out that signaled the ending of winter, the opening of naviga- tion. Then supplies came in, prospectors went forth to search bars and gulches for gold. The day the ice went out was greater than New Year’s or Christmas to commun- ities on ice-bound rivers. For a considera- tion a man could guess the day, hour and minute the ice would go and the man com- ing nearest the actual time won the pot. Often it amounted to thousands of dollars. This year it cost more to get into the big poo!, but first prize was twenty thousand dollars. Of course Sam knew he would not win it, but he liad always taken a chance—with purse and life. That was the second thing the North had done for him , —taught him to take a cliance. The first : thing he had learned was lending a hand I to another human being-^fiot necessarily a i friend. “I’ve got grub enough," he mused, “and I there’s no reason why I shouldn’t put 1 twenty-five dollars into the pool. If I don’t i do what I’ve always done these many years e it'll be because I’m afraid; that's a sure 2 sign a man is slipping—when he's afraid, i Yes. when the boys come around I’ll put I in my ounce and a half.” They would be I around in a day or two, for this was a 1 sporting event and every man was entitled E to a chance. He fried some bacon and stirred up the t pot of sourdough—this pot was never emp- k tied, but added to from time to time, in- - suring a steady supply of batter. Hot tea * seemed to warm up his joints, he seemed I less stiff in his movements. Then the 5 gambler within asserted itself. “Heck! I 3 might win that twenty-thousand after all. ^ No luck in twenty-five years, it’s time I had a change.” That was what he thought c each year. Whenever he was fed and warm f he voiced the thought—luck was due for a . change. “Heck,” he repeated, “I’m feeling I lucky this spring. And if I win—— What would he do if he won? Well there was a new generation about him. They lacked less of the spirit of the old generation when the hardships were more severe, money more plentiful than now. And that reminded him. He hadn’t called 10 THE WINNING TICKET on old Howard Perry in several days. Howdy, as they called him, was about all in. Sam pulled on a parka and stepped out- side. Spring was in the air, right enough. He sniffed it and as he followed the river down to Perry’s cabin his mind estimated when the ice would go out. Several dates were settled only to be changed. At length, satisfied, he grinned. "This year I’m going to write the winning ticket!” THE smoke was trailing lazily from Perry’s cabin. Sam knocked and entered. “Howdy, Howdy!” he said. “Hello, Sam! I’m feeling all shot to pieces.” Perry looked pretty bad, but Sam wisely told the ailing sourdough he looked great. “Blew the last of my dust for some medi- cine,” the other went on, “dust I’d figured to put in the pool, too. You see, living here this long I’ve worked out a system—” Perry always had a system. In the old days he devised systems of beating faro and other games. His systems never worked except in favor of the house. But Sam did not smile as he remembered this. Perry was too far along the trail to make sport of. “System, eh?” Sam queried. “Yes! I’ve been here ten years now. I watch the willow buds, and that patch of snow on the side hill.” He pointed to a rock three thousand feet above them and called it a side hill. That was what it was compared with the surrounding peaks. “I’ve got it down fine now. I can write the winning ticket.” “Sure you can,” Sam agreed. “But I haven't any dust,” Perry con- tinued, “not even enough to buy medicine. Didn’t need medicine the last year or two, but now— Well, Sam, it eases the pain, it seems like. It don’t do a fellow no good to live out of tin cans yfcars on end. There’s something about canned grub-” Sam had been thinking he, too, could write the winning ticket if he played his lucky hunch, but now he forgot the ticket with a sigh. “Needing dust for medicine to ease the pain, eh?” he said. “Yep!” “Here’s a couple of ounces if that’ll help, Howdy,” Sam offered. "Now, Sam—” Perry began to protest but his words lacked conviction. "Sam, you haven’t any too much dust yourself.” "Plenty enough to loan you a couple of ounces,” Sam interrupted. He knew it was a gift, but preferred to call it a loan. He gave it all, to the last grain, his dust. 165 That was the way Sam did things. Then r^c w^istled because he felt like whistling. Of course he was pretty stiff from rheum- atism and all that, but he was better off than Howdy who was in pain always. Sam reasoned the only time he was in pain was when he moved. If he didn’t move he wasn t in pain. Obviously he did not move more than necessary. So he limped back to his cabin. When the weather was warmer and the heat had loosened up his joints, he would work his way to a gulch he knew and pan a few I ounces. Maybe he would jtake out one hundred dol- lars in two months—not even wages—but it would buy some flour, rice and tobacco. He would dry salmon, raise vegetables and kill a caribou or two for meat. He’d manage, but it was tough to miss the pool. First time he had missed the pool since he came into the country, too. Still the dust he had saved, yes, denied himself for, was going for a noble purpose. The following morning he visited the gulch, hoping maybe that tlie snow was not as deep as usual, or that perhaps a stream beneath had wrashed out a small quantity of dust—it had once happened. But no, the snow was twenty feet deep in that gulch. It would be midsummer before he could shovel gravel into the sluice box. Dejectedly he returned home. A dog team and several men had made themselves at home. “Thought you were never com- ing, Sam?” one of the men shouted. "Where you been—prospecting?” “A little!” “Any pay?” “Nope!” “Well, Sam, you’re going to get in on the pool this year, of course! ’ Sam had been expecting that query, he knew the purpose of their visit—to give some of the old-timers who couldn’t travel much a chance to get in on the pool. , . . . Sam shok his head. “Can’t make it this year, boys!”	t "Huh?” “Poke’s empty!" "Hmmm.” The other considered, lell you what I’ll do. There’s no stampede on, dogs are not worth much with spring ana summer ahead. Give me your Sandy dog and I’ll pay for two chances. How about it ?,f Sell Sandy? Sell that old boy who had i66 SHORT STORIES starved with him. Well Sam guessed nut. “No!" he answered quickly. “I’ll loan you the money, Sam. Sandy'11 b%*security enough.” Sam hesitated. He sure had a lucky hunch this time. Something told him May 2d at two o’clock A. M. the ice would go out. Twenty thousand dollars! On the other hand— “No!" he said almost furiously, “I won’t! Don't tempt me!” Then, lest he weaken, he ordered them away. THE days dragged for Sam. This was the first year he had not written a ticket for the pool. He was done! The greatest sporting event in Alaska and he not a part of it Of course, if he hadn't given two ounces to Howdy! Almost fiercely he drove that thought from his mind. “The ice will go out two o’clock in the morning on May second!’’ he repeated. And this was April 28th, or would be in five hours for it was seven o’clock in the evening. At eight o’clock a sourdough entered the cabin. “Just thought I'd drop in and pass the news along seeing as how you’re not getting around much, Sam!” He related incidents both local and national in im- portance, then their conversation turned to the pool. “What time will the ice go out, Sam?” “Two A. M., May second,” Sam an- swered quickly. “I don’t think so. I wrote my ticket for the sixth. A lot of others done the same. One fellow, don’t know who, wrote his time down as April twenty-eighth, four o’clock in the morning. That’s the earliest The next is April 30th. Two fellows 011 that date, and hundreds from then on. Great- est pool in years. Well, Sam, I must be mushing—” The door opened and a breed stood framed in the entrance. “Perry says come dam’ quick!” he panted. “I get doctor!" Then he was gone, running swiftly. “We’d better go, Jonas,” Sam suggested to his visitor. “Howdy has been ailing for quite a spell now. Looks bad.” “Poor devil," Jonas reflected, “he’s had ft system for winning all his life and he never won. Wonder if he’s a system for dying?” “Hope so.” Sam replied. “I sure hope so if it’ll make it easier. He even had a system this year for figuring the time of the break-up. Claimed he could tell by the snow on the hillside, the buds on the wil- lows and the like of that. Poor Howdy! He ate out of tin cans too long and it got him. Poor Howdy!" Sam dressed for the trail and with Jonas stepped outside. Just before they de- scended to the frozen surface of the river, Sam glanced down stream. He could look for miles from this point. There was a bend at the sj*>t on which he stood. Far in the distance a red light gleamed; a lantern supported on a tripod. From the trijxxl there ran a line ashore attached to a bell. When the break-up came, when the ice moved, then the bell rang and the time was recorded and hell broke loose. Bells rang, whistles shrieked and every dog broke into mournful howling. That was winter's release of her grip on an empire. But now it was quiet; deathly quiet Abruptly, as if in warning, the ice cracked. The men started nervously, then laughed. Ice often cracked tliat way. This was too early for the break-up. Even the reckless sourdough who had written April 28th knew the twenty-seventh was too early. They made their way up river to Perry's cabin and entered. Sam and Jonas ex- changed quick glances. Long on the fron- tier each had seen men die in violence and peace; die in bed, die with their boots on and six-guns flashing. As they entered, old Perry gasped, “Sam, I’m hitting the long trail, but I’m not afraid. Worked out a system, long ago. I’m following it W'rite this down!’’ Perry dictated and Sam wrote: "I, Howard Perry, in my right mind, give everything I possess to Sam IVinslow in return for his looking out for me when he rvas too sick to look out for himself. Everything I leave is Sam’s. I have no heirs'/' With an effort he*signed the paper, and Jonas and Sam added their names at wit- nesses. “Not much,” Perry muttered, “a good rifle, gold pan, sled and dog harness. Yes, and the ticket” Sam started at this. He had given up his big chance in order that Perry might have dust for medicine and Perry had spent it 011 an ice pool ticket; denied him his chance to play the hunch. Yes, his one sure hunch, May 2d and two A. M. But a man can’t quarrel with a dying man and besides Perry was speaking again. “Sam!” “Yes, Howdy!” “Didn’t find out until yesterday you gave me your last dust, for medicine. .That’s 10 THE WINNING TICKET like you Sam. That’s why you’re in Alaska instead of the warmth and sunshine where you belong/’ Perry peered at Sam with sunken eyes. “I didn't know when I wrote my ticket, Sam, or I'd sent the dust back. I did need it for medicine, but my system is sure this time, it’s—” He stopped. Strength suddenly left him, his words trailed off for the effort to teli all on his mind had cost him much. “Sam !” he whispered, “Turn on the light! Turn on the light!” The light was on, burning as brightly as possible. Sam looked at Jonas. “I wish the doctor would hurry,” he whispered, “I wish—” “Turn the light a little higher, Sam,” Perry whispered. Sam turned up the wick until it smoked, but to the dying man the room was dark. Outside the ice cracked again ! Again! Then again! It was too early for the break-up just yet. May 2d Sam had guessed, and his hunch told him he was right. Someone had been foolish enough to guess April 30th, and then there was the reckless sourdough who had written April 28th on his ticket. “Sam!” “Yes, Howdy!” “Mighty dark, Sam!” His breath was coming in gasps, though when he spoke, he managed to articulate the phrases in one breath. “Kinda dark, Howdy!” Where was that infernal doctor? Of course the trail was long and he might have been on another case. Lots of flu, so they said. “Ain’t getting no brighter—Sam!” “Not much,” Sam admitted. Perry’s eyes were wide open, too. And then the dying man sighed. “It’s lighter, now, Sam!” “Yes, it’s lighter, Howdy!” Sam saw that Perry had stopped breathing. The room was still, in death! The ice cracked in a series of reports. Was it moving? They listened. It sounded as if slab was crunching against slab, moving slightly. Thrn it was quiet. Then, through the night came another sound, the blending of whistles, bells, howls of dogs, cheers of humans, pistol shots, until hushed by distance the sound seemed almost musical. “Crack ! Crack! Crack ! This was clear enough. Old Joe Hook was 167 cutting loose with his tln'rtv-thirty rifle a mile up the stream. The ice in front of Perry’s cabin moved a few feet, then stopped, then moved again. The break-up had come! A sleeping monster had stirred as the cold blood of his being moved through his veins. On and on the ice would go. Piling up, damming the flood until lowlands were flooded, then giving way with a roar, crash- ing* grinding, always restless until it reached the sea and the streams were clear and man and his steamers brought goods for gold and pelts. Sam opened the door a n d the musical note from the camp two miles away came loud, strong, then soft, almost dying at times as a lull came. People were mad with joy. “The break-up?” The words came from Perry’s lips, slowly, softly, yet clear enough. And they had thought him dead! “Yes, the break-up!” “What’s the—time?” “Quarter after one on the morning of—” The man in the bunk lifted himself up to hear the final words, then fell back and died without hearing them. “—of April twenty-eighth,” Sam fin- ished. And the next morning they buried Perry on a little knoll above his cabin. Poor old Perry who always had a system, that never won. Then Sam Winslow examined his legacy. Rifle, well oiled and cared for; dog harness well greased; pots and pans, some grub and the ticket Perry had written. As Sam looked up he could see the snow on the side of the hill and the buds on the willows. The roar of the break-up was in his ears, the ice flowed by in ceaseless legions, like troops rushing toward the battlefield to fill a breach. He tore open the envelope and read the ticket old How- ard Perry had devised from his system. It read: “Four A. M., April 28th” THE CHEATER By CHARLES WESLEY SANDERS Author of “Sweet Harmony,” etc. ON THIS WILD AND STORMY NIGHT THE SHEEPHERDERS WERE TO SEE PROVED ONCE MORE THE ADAGE THAT A CHEATER HAS TO TLAY A LONE HAND IF IlES CAUGHT S BORTON opened the door of the sheep shearer’s shack, a / % gust of rain-laden wind caught y ^ the door from his hand and flung it wide open. Borton stepped up on the low threshold and stood blinking against the light from the oil lamp which was suspended from the ceiling. Outside the night was bleak. Rain had been falling since before dusk, falling with a steady monotony except when the wind king puffed his checks and blew an oc- casional swift breath. Borton’s eyes quickly became accustomed to the light, and the eyes swept the room and its occupants. There were four of these, two small men. one of medium height, and one of six feet or more with an amazing breadth of shoulder. Borton's gaze hung upon this man for a fraction of a second longer than upon the other men. In that fraction of a second Borton saw that the man was eyeing him closely, siz- ing him up, trying to judge by his garb where he was from. Borton would have smiled at that if he bad not known that u smile would mean betrayal. His dress was-what a man might have woin anywhere, a dark blufe suit, high- heeled boots, Stetson, and black slicker. The big man, he knew, could gather noth- ing from that. “Well, close the door, stranger,” the man said. “Doors was made to keep the weather out, an’ there is plenty weather tonight.” "It’s not bad,” Borton returned. "I’ve seen worse weather.” “Where?” The big man spat out the word. There was a kind of challenge in it. He might as well have asked where Borton liailed from. Borton did not answer. He advanced into the room and closed the door behind him. Taking off his hat, he shook the water from it and dropped it on a stool. He shrugged out of the slicker with a quick, easy movement and hung it on a peg in the wall. He stood revealed as a man of perhaps thirty. He was two or three inches shorter than the big man and would weigh thirty pounds less. A good deal of his bulk was in his chest and shoulders; he tapered down to a lean waist and slender le£s- . , The marks of sun and wind were on his face, except where his forehead had been protected. A clean, white band was there from above his eyebrows to his short, straight brown hair. His eyes were blue, very clear. The face was lean, too, but there was the color of good health in his cheeks. Good health Borton had abun- 168	10 I dantly; he was merely trained down to a sharp fineness. “Draw up to the fire," one of the small men invited. Borton walked over to the battered stove and stood with his back to it, his hands behind him. He stood very straight, very still. His chin was lifted so that his eyes were on the top of the far wall. He be- lieved he had come to journey’s end, but he had to make sure. For three months he had been making a patient search. Min- utes, hours, a night would make no differ- ence. Though he did not look at the big man, he was aware, subconsciously, that the man’s eyes were on him. He knew that there was a look of suspicion in those eyes. They were small eyes, set back beneath jutting brows of coarse, sandy hair. Thin, straggling, sandy hair was on the man's head. The beginning of a beard of like quality and color was on his face. For perhaps two minutes there was sil- ence in the room, the while Borton kept his attitude and the big man stared at him. Then the big man moved on his stool. The legs of it made a slight sound on the rough floor. The man cleared his throat. Immediately there was something tn the air. Hostility, definite, with infinite pos- sibilities, lay between Borton and the big man. There was another sound, footfalls on the rough boards. Borton turned his head then, turned it slowly with an effect of vagueness in his manner. Two of the men had walked over beyond the big man and had grouped themselves behind him. The other man, who had invited Borton up to the fire, had stepped behind the stove so that it was between him and Borton. As Borton withdrew his gaze from the trio, his eyes encountered the eyes of this man, and a brief glance of understanding passed between them. Borton’s eyes went back to the three other men. The big man drew in his thick legs and hooked them about the legs of the stool. His mouth was indeed so clamped that his heavy lower lip was thrust out. ‘Where was it you seen all this bad weather?" he demanded. Borton produced papers and tobacco and rolled a cigarette. “Why," he said, “I was in a cyclone in the Oklahoma panhandle one time.’’ “Oregon is a long ways from Okla- homa,” the big man offered. “Not as far as Schenectady,” Borton said. “I've never been in Schenectady.” to 169 There was no hint of a smile on his lips, no glint of humor in his eyes. “Wise cracker, hun?" the big man sneered. “You ridin’ a hawse?" “A buckin’ bronc,” said Borton. “Can't /ou see him tradin’ ends right this minute?" 1 he man beyond the stove snickered. Above the big man’s beard the strong flush of anger rose. But he held himself in. There was a lull, like the lull in a storm. Borton took advantage of it. With his left hand—curious how he always used his left hand—he dug into the ton pocket of his coat and produced a crumpled bunch of bills. He straightened them out and re- moved a one. Possibly he was clumsy, possibly not. In any event the three men beyond him could ea ily see that several of the bills had yellow backs. With the dollar bill in his hand he crumpled up the others and restored them to the pocket. The dollar bill he tossed on the bare table before him. ‘T know I am welcome to anything you gents have got,” he said, “but I am a fella that pays as he goes. How about a dollar’s worth of food? I haven't had a bite since before noon.” “Traveled far, have you?” the big man asked. “Some distance.” “Must be a good walker.” Borton now fixed him with a level glance. There was a steely quality in the blue eyes and just the touch of a hard smile on the firm lips. “Fella,” he said, “when I go afoot I will be poorer than I am now. My horse is up in a draw yonder, sheltered from the rain. He is a long horse and a strong horse. Me and him never tire.” The big man's eyes sought the floor. Borton thought he knew what he was thinking of. Borton was surer than ever that this was the man he sought. He be- lieved that the big man’s mind had begun to glow at sight of those yellow-backed bills and that it was still glowing. The yellow of the bills had struck a yellow light into his brain, the light of cupidity. He looked up. He made a little moist clicking sound with his lips. He was try- ing hard to summon a pleasant look to his face, but his success was not great. The stamp of low passions was too strongly on it. “Put up your dollar, fella,” he said. “You are welcome to what food we can offer you. My name is Emerson. I am runnin’ this sheep camp. These here men . is helpin’ me. Steve, git him some tood. THE CHEATER SHORT STORIES 170 The man opposite Borton moved from behind the stove and in fifteen minutes he had bacon and warmed fw>tatoes, bread and coffee, on the table. Borton ate in silence. When he had finished, he pushed back and rolled another cigarette, again with his right hand pressed against his hip. Emerson put his heavy arms above his head, stretched and yawned. “A sheep camp on a rainy night,” he complained. “Dull, gosh P* He got slowly to his feet, passed Borton, and stood beyond him at the other side of the table. From his pocket he took two dice and cast them on the table. A five and a two came up. "Son of a gun,” he ejaculated. “Comes a seven and everybody listenin' to the rain.” Borton eyed the dice without a flicker of interest. “Shoot you for your shirt, Steve,” Em- erson offered. “Not me,” Steve retorted. “Only shirt I got.” Emerson looked down at Borton. There was flame in Emerson’s eyes now. “Roll ’em, stranger?” he asked. “I’ll fade you for a nickel or ten dollars.” “You hinted,” said Borton, “that I was a good walker. I'm not. Those dice might take my horse away from me.” “You hintin’—?” “Fella,” Borton broke in coldly,“I never hint. Those are your dice. I never saw them before.” Again there was a snicker from the little man and again that flush of fury beneath Emerson’s eyes. But he held himself in check. He wanted to smooth out that crumpled roll in the stranger’s pocket, smooth out those bills caressingly with his heavy, blunt fingers. “How about a little game of stud?” he insinuated. “Just you and me. These boys is temp’rarily short.” “You cleaned them, did you?” “Not me! Ain’t had a play since I got here.” “Oh, you haven’t been here long. Haven't been here for one pay day yet, eh?” He had lifted his head and now his eyes bored into Emerson’s. Emerson paled. His hand went up along his stomach, in- side his coat, to his chest. Borton's right hand was on his knee, below the table. Emerson’s eyes wavered. His hand came from beneath his coat. “How about a little stud?” he repeated. “I can match your roll.” For answer Borton drew the money from his pocket again. He smoothed out the bills and put them at his elbow as he squared himself before the table. “Hundred and sixty dollars there,” he said. Emerson dug into an inside pocket and produced a bill fold. From this he ex- tracted a dozen bills. He counted them. “One fifty’s all I got,” he said. “Drag down ten and I’ll play you table stakes.” Borton withdrew a ten. Emerson pulled out a drawer in the table and took from it a greasy pack of cards. Borton glanced at them and gathered up his money. “Matter?” Emer- son frowned. “I don’t doubt that has been a good deck of cards in its day,” Borton said, "but it’s day is long gone by. If there ain’t a new deck of cards in this shack, all bets is off.” “Why, gosh—” “I got a new deck,” Steve said. “I’ll get it.” He went to a bunk at the far end of the room and fumbled out an unopened deck of cards. He handed it to Borton. Borton looked at it and found the seals unbroken. He tossed it to Emerson. Emerson broke it open. “Wanna run the joker wild?” he asked. “You’ll find a joker, an advertising card, and a card givin’ instructions on how to play auction bridge in that deck,” Borton said. “Let’s call all three of them jokers and let ’em run as wild as a locoed steer.” Emerson seemed to be taken a little aback. He turned the deck face up and spread the cards along the table with the palm of his hand. “Three of ’em is runnin’ wild,” he mur- mured. “Seven aces in the deck for in- stance.”	~ “Seven aces—for instance, Borton agreed. "Me deal?” “Shoot, but let me cut ’em.” While Emerson dealt Borton rolled an~ other cigarette. He kept his eyes on the paper. He did not look at Emerson. Em- erson seemed to be a clumsy dealer. He riffled the cards slowly. For his second card he showed an ace against Borton’s king. Borton breathed and Emerson bet five dollars. “I always play ’em when I got ’em,” he said. “It’s a good system,” Borton said, as he 10 THE CHEATER pushed a five dollar bill to the center of the table. Borton got a second king for his fourth card, showing a pair of kings against Era- jerson’s lone ace. “Good for ten more," Borton said. Emerson raised him ten and Borton stayed. The last cards did not improve either hand. Borton hesitated or appeared to do so. His eyes were on those two kings. He seemed absorbed in the contemplation of them. In fact he was waiting; he was listening. He wanted to see whether Em- erson would tell him it was his bet. Em- erson didn’t “You're as good a gambler as I thought you were,” Borton said to himself. “Got patience, haven’t you? Tip nothing off." He hesitated a moment longer. Then he suddenly lifted his face and eyed Emerson. Again there was that steely look in his eyes. “S’pose you bet that pair of aces you got,” he said. Emerson could relax now. He could jest The game was in his own hands, unless Borton had a buried king or a card to make an added pair. “Mebbe you think I ain’t got a little joker lyin’ on its stummick,” he jeered, “I'm waitin’ for you,” Borton retorted. “Mebbe I got somethin’ in the hole my- self.” “I’ll feel you out for ten,” said Emerson. “You might as well make thirty as ten,” Borton said, and he covered Emerson’s bet and shoved a twenty in on top of it. No change of expression came to Emer- son’s face. He flipped over his hole card and disclosed a joker. Borton gathered up his four cards, put them on top of his hole card and readied for the deck. “Haw,” said Steve, “he run a blazer on you.” “There’s a lot more blazers where that un come from, Steve," Emerson declared. “Mebbe,” said Steve. Borton looked up at the little man, blandly. “Steve,” he said, “I’m a mite to the good. S’pose you sit in. I’ll stake you to forty bones.” “Me, I will,” said Steve, and drew up a stool. “Stakin’ a man queers the game,” Em- erson grumbled. “Puts the kibosh on it Man starts with a shoe string and comes out with boots to stock a store.” “I've seen that happen,” Borton agreed cheerfully as he dealt the cards. There was little play on his deal and not 10 much more on Steve’s. Emerson’s deal came again. Both Steve and Borton drew their stools up so close to the table that their stomachs were pressed against the edge. They leaned a little forward. Their eyes were fixed on the cards in Emerson's hands. They watched him closely, very closely. He gave no sign that he was aware of their scrutiny, except tliat that hot flush came up under his eyes again. He lost twenty dollars to Steve on his own deal. On Borton’s he lost twenty more. On Steve’s deal he stayed out, though he liad a small pair showing against no visible pair in front of either of the other men. Once more the two men fixed their eyes' on the cards in his hands. “Whatcha lookin’ at so close?” he snarled. “Watchiu’ a good man deal,” Borton smiled. When the deal came around to him again, Emerson had only thirty dollars in front of him. He liad lost on his own deal and again on Borton’s when Borton turned up a joker to match a pair of fives. A sullen look liad come into Emerson’s eyes, but as he felt the cards in his hands he essayed a smile. “Got to pull somethin’ on my own deal,” he said. He shuffled clumsily. The cards flut- tered in his hands. The entire middle o£ the deck hopped out, some cards falling on the table, some on the floor. He cursed mildly, and stooped and gathered the cards from the floor, keeping his eyes above the edge of the table so that lie could watch the two other men. When he found them both busy rolling cigarettes, lie dropped his head. When he came up, he liad half a dozen cards in his hand. Both Borton and Steve liad been slow with their cigarettes. Their eyes were occupied with them. Emerson found that he was at last not watched. His face was impassive as he dealt the first two cards around. He liad an ace showing and Borton had a king and Steve a queen. When three cards were lying face up before each man, Emer- son still had his lone ace and Borton a pair of kings and Steve a pair of queens. Bor- ton bet twenty dollars and Steve stayed. Emerson raised for all he had. Borton’s eyes went to the deck. The first two cards had slipped from the top of it, so that the back of the third card— Emerson’s card—showed. Borton put out his hand as if he were going to consider his hole card again. The hand barely touched the card. It shot from that card SHORT STORIES 172 to the deck, snatched up the deck, and drew it to him. Emerson thrust himself back from the table. His hand went inside his coat. Borton did not rise. He had seized the deck with his left hand. Now he shook his right hand and it came above the table. There was a small gun in it. “Don’t try it, Macklin,” he said icily. “You can't get it out. This is a small gun. A man has to have a small gun to carry it in his sleeve, but it will pump you full of lead before you can get that gun out of your shoulder holster. Hoist your hands, Macklin, so Steve can get your gun.” Macklin lifted his hands. There was nothing else he could do. His fingers only were inside his coat. They were several inches from his gun. For an instant he seemed more concerned about Steve’s touching him—little Steve, who had worked for him and whom he therefore despised—than he seemed con- cerned about Borton’s having held him up. “Runt,” he said hoarsely, “if you lay a finger on me, I will kill you/’ “You kill me?” said little Steve. “Why, fella, if you give me any of your lip, I will blow you apart. I got a forty-five in my bag, an’ it shoots as true as any gun you ever see. I kin handle that gun, too. I could tear you wide or I could crease tliat thick scull of yours, whichever took my fancy. You make one move an’ see what I will do to you.” The big man stared. Steve had come here two days after he himself had come. Steve had been the meekest guy. Why, he had cooked for Emerson and had washed his share of the dishes. So Steve took Emerson’s gun and made sure he had 110 other weapon of any kind. He stood l>ack and Borton put his own gun into his pocket. ‘‘Have a seat, Macklin,” he said. "Emerson’s my name,” the man de- clared. “I’m givin’ you the name o’ Macklin. Suits me.” Borton glanced at the three other men beyond the table. “You fellas armed ?” "On’y me and Emerson had guns,” Steve said. “I made sure of that last night.” “Who are you?” Emerson demanded. “I'm the cook,” Steve grinned. “If you want somethin’ out of my wagon, come and get it. Otherwise talk to Mr. Borton." “Mister—■’ Emerson began. “Shut up,” said Borton. He took up the deck of cards. “Macklin,” he went on, “there are three card tricks you know, all of them clumsy. You mark the aces with your finger nails, lightly, so the marks will show just a little. You can deal cards from the bottom and from the deck. You specialize in aces when there ain’t no joker. That was why 1 suggested we play with three jokers. I wanted you to have a chance to get acquainted with them. Look here!”	_ Pie put in the center of the table the third card in the deck, the card which would have gone to Macklin on the last deal. “There’s the mark of your nail 011 that card. Let’s have a look at the aces and the other jokers. All marked, you see. You shoved those two cards off the top of the deck to make sure you had a joker cornin’ to you on that last deal. You were going to put the cleaner on me and my friend Steve.” “Your friend Steve? How come—?” “I never met Steve before tonight,” Bor- ton interrupted, “but I had a letter from him. It was a man’s letter. It was signed Stephen Brown. Good, plain name that.” “Well, get down to cases,” the man snarled. “What’s this all about? I deny I marked them cards or that I can deal from the bottom or the middle. Even if I did do it, it ain’t no penitentiary offense.” “No penitentiary offense,” Barton agreed. “The pen would be too good for you. Now, a rope—” Instead of the red flush a sallow look came beneath the man’s eyes. “You talk a lot,” he said. Borton turned about to Steve. “Steve,” he said, “I expect you got as much curiosity as the next healthy man. That circular you got from the sheriff of my county didn’t tell much. The murder this fella Macklin is wanted for was com- mitted in my town. Macklin—” “You accuse me of murder?” Macklm ground out. “Lernme have one more word from you, fella, an’ see what happens,” Borton said coldly. He turned again to Steve. “This fella thinks he is a gambler. H© has been get tin’ by for a long time with his little tricks. Shabby little tricks, ain’t they, Steve? He come into my town, my shippin' point, and got into a game with some of my boys, young fellas, no gamblers, kinda. green about cards. Why, Steve, his work was so raw tliat one of them boys got wise THE CHEATER to him and accuscd him of dealin’ from the bottom. Macklin called him a liar. The boy reached for him, big as Macklin was. and Macklin just pushed back from the table, pulled his gun, and let the boy have it in the chest. He kept the other boys back till he made the door. Then he was gone in the night. “The boy was dead when they got word to me and before I reached him, and the other boys had only a fair description of this fella. I flooded the country with circulars, some of them at last reachin’ this neck o’ the woods. You did a good piece of work, Steve, in locatin’ this fella and sus- pectin’ him so prompt, considerin’ what you had to go on. You got a thousand bucks cornin' to you. You will get a check for it as soon as I get back home. Soon as I got your letter I come right on here. I brought a roll with me. I thought we had the right man soon as I laid eyes on him, but I wanted to make sure. I knew as soon as he saw a roll of bills, his gam* blin’ fever would hit him hard. This man is Macklin, Steve. He gambles just the way the boys said Macklin gambled. They will identify him. He is wanted for murder and I will see that he gets back to Oklahoma. Yes, come to me, Macklin. I been watchin’ you.” Macklin had launched himself at Borton across the table, trying to grapple with him. Borton came to his feet as he spoke and his right fist crashed against Macklin’s jaw. Macklin started to sprawl on the table. Before he went down Borton’s left fist came up and caught him on the under side of the jaw. He sprawled then and lay still. “Be ready for him when he wakes up, Steve,” Borton said. Steve went to his bag and came back with a folded paper. Emerson lay still for ten minutes or more. Then he opened his eyes, lifted his head, and pushed himself back to his stool. He looked at Borton vacantly for a space, and then fury burned in his eyes. “You’re overplayin’ your hand, fella,” he said. “You ain’t got no law back of you. You can’t take me out of this State.” “Read it to him, Steve,” said Borton quietly. Steve read. He read a warrant for the arrest of Macklin on a charge of murder. “I didn’t need the warrant,” Borton said. “Gettin’ it was foresight on Steve's part. 'Member how willin’ he was to go to town the other day when you run nut of tobacco? Good little errand boy, good little cook 10	_ m Macklin gasped. and dishwasher, this fella Steve. Yeah, good man all around. Good little deputy sheriff, in point of fact.” “Deputy sheriff?” “That guy—timid—” Yeah, said Borton. “Soon as he got one of those circulars he began ridin’ this neck of the woods on the off chance he would find you. It wasn’t the thousand dollars he was after neither. Steve has got a reputation for gettin' his man if his man is anywhere around. He even got himself a job here to be near you till I could come, in an- swer to his summons. I wired him to have a new deck of cards on hand. He got the wire when he was in town after your tobacco. You helped us a lot, Macklin. I knew I’d need a new deck that your playful little marks would show on.” He took up the cards and put them into his pocket. “They will probably be an exhibit in your case, Macklin,” he went on. “Well, where’s your horse? We will be ridin’.” Macklin got slowly to his feet. 1	“Kin I speak to these two boys for a minute?” he asked. *, “Make it snappy.” \ Macklin edged over to the two men. “I got seven-eight hundred dollars in my bag," Macklin whispered. “We are three to two. I’ll pretend I'm goin’ with them peaceful. You two hop ’em from behind. The minute you make a move I will hop the big guy. All I got will be yours.” “Nothin’ doin’.” “S-sh. Not so loud. Seven-eight hun- dred. I ain’t done nothin’ to you fellas. I	ain’t took nothin' from you.” “Because we didn’t have nothin’ to take,” the man retorted, still in that clear voice. Macklin turned slowly to Benton and Steve. His eyes were bleak. “Eight hundrd dollars to lemme ride, boys,” he whined. “Just one hour’s start.” “I’m still seein’ that youngster as he lay on the floor with your bullet in him,” Bor- ton said. “Come on, Macklin.” A shudder ran through the cheater's big frame as he started toward the door. His head was on his chest. He walked un- steadily. % Story Tellers Circle A MYSTERIOUS THERE are very few of us who, one time or another, have not felt that clutch at our throats, that feeling of hope- less despair that comes when we fear for the safety of someone who is dear to us and who is missing at an expected moment. We may reassure ourselves in a thousand ways that things are all right, that such and such an innocuous happening may account for the disappearance, yet our minds go flying voluntarily to tales of accidents and holdups and sudden death in countless ways. Perhaps some of us have even been sobered by the chill police news that “the missing persons bureau does not act until 24 hours of non-appearance have elapsed,” but there are none of us but have felt a surge of relief at sound of a long expected step on the stair or voice calling on the telephone. Because of all this, every normal person gets a thrill from reading a clever mystery story in which the plot centers around the disappearance of someone. Now, J. S. Fletcher is perhaps today the leading writer of clever mystery stories and our new serial starting in the next issue of Short Stories is by him and called “The Missing Chancellor.” Fascinating as are stories of mysterious disappearances this one presents an unusual complication—the man who disappeared was of dual personality; had been leading a double life. In which of his characters was he to be sought ? Who knew of his double existence and was he in danger on that account? The situation offers endless pos- sibilities for development—and Mr. Flet- cher has made the most of them. And speaking of “The Missing Chancel- lor, there are also many fascinating things 1.0 be said of the author. J. S. Fletcher is an Englishman, and perhaps the most in- teresting item about him in connection with the United States is the fact that during a very troublesome season of President Wil- son’s carcer a newspaper correspondent undertook to ascertain the title of the mys- tery story the president was reading. It DISAPPEARANCE turned out to be “The Middle Temple Murder” by J. S. Fletcher. Whereupon Fletcher acquired a great many new read- ers, who were amazed at how prolific this author had been. Mr. Fletcher has been a journalist for forty years, is a member of the Royal His- torical Society, an archaeologist and anti- quarian, author of such books as “A Short Life of Cardinal Newman,” a longer life of Lord Roberts, and volumes of poems, but it is as an author of mystery stories that he is best known to the fiction loving public. We learn that “The Missing Chancellor" is No. 94 in the list of his novels and stories written for diversion. Well, we can prom- ise you’ll find it diverting enough. TUTTLE AGAIN! . C TUTTLE’S complete novel in this number is in itself the best an- swer we can make to the letter printed below. Editor, Short Stories, Dear Sir: “I am about to drop you a few lines con- cerning a certain writer whose stories you publish in Short Stories—one W. C Tuttle. “I picked up an issue of Short Stories at a small bookshop and as was always my habit, thumbed the pages over to see if any particular story should strike my fancy, but at last 1 turned back to the first story, namely ‘The Web of Deception,’ written by none other than W. C. Tuttle ‘The Web of Deception’ is the best story I have ever read in the past or will read in the future, of the Western story species. The characters in it were somewhat humorous, but as to the story itself I never before read a more spectacular and mysterious a story of Western life that I can remember. It surely keeps you guessing as to just what is going to happen next; you are so en- thralled you cannot stop reading, you must go on and finish it. The ending is such a surprise that you almost feel like reading it I	10 STORY TELLERS' CIRCLE over again to define the climax aright in your mind. “I congratulate the writer of ‘The Web of Deception’ and hope to read a good many more of his stories. “Sincerely yours, Private W. S. Streeter Co. B., 51st Signal Bn. Fort Monmouth, N. J.” Incidentally, in his complete novel in this number Tuttle describes some of the activities of Cultus Collins tracking out- laws near the Mexican border, and the fol- lowing letter describes some of Mr. Tuttle’s own adventures in that vicinity: “Went on a little hunting trip into Mex- ico last week. We had one devil of a time getting our guns across the border at Tia- juana. We had permits from the Mexi- can secretary- of state, but it seemed that a new order had gone into effect, cancelling all these. Well, we were up against it. But it seems that there is always a way; so we ditched the guns on the American side, went to Tiajuana (Old Town) and woke up the Mayor. Actually got him out of bed and told him what we were up against. “So he wrote out a lengthy document, plastering it officially, and when we showed it to the Mexican Custom gang they were so darned servile that they even forgot to stamp our automobile passes. We sure went through a-whoopin’. And just outside of Ensenada the custom gang objected to our unstamped passes, until they read that letter, ^nd then it didn’t matter whether we had any passes or not. “But the hunting was the bunk. We rode ancient Mexican broncs over the rim of the world, and shot quail, listened to a chorus of possibly a million coyotes, and fell back down the mountain in the dark. No ducks nor geese. It is a beautiful country—for Mexicans. Of course their law will not allow an American to own land within 65 miles of the border, nor within 53 miles of the coast—and that just about queers it, as far as Americanos are con- cerned. “W. C. Tuttle, Hollywood, Calif.” CUSTER’S PISTOL WE ARE indebted to a reader, Mr. Robert Corathers, of Weston, W. Va. who sends us an item which is timely in view of the fact that the commemoration of the fiftieth anniversary of the death of Gen. George A. Custer at the battle of the Little Big Horn is still fresh in the public mind. The item concerns the possession of General Custer's pistol and reads as fol- lows ; hureka, Calif. ‘An old cap and ball pistol with the name ‘G. A. Custer’ stamped on its barrel, is a treasured possession of Emil Santsche, an old Swiss gunsmith of this city. “He says the gun was carried by General Custer at the battle of Little Big Horn. It was traded to him for a sixteen gauge shot gun at Butte City, Mont., during the winter of 1881, by an Indian, who said he and his brother were scouts with General Custer’s troops and had directed Custer to the Indian village in the valley of the Little Big Horn prior to the fatal day of June 25, 1876,”	J THE ICE SWEEPSTAKES JUST about the time tliat Frank Richard- son Pierce sent in his story “The Win- ning Ticket” in this number of Short Stories, newspaper stories began to appear of the ice break-up in Alaska. One dis- patch from Nenana, Alaska read: “Preparations are under way to observe the annual departure of the ice in Tanana River here aud the greatest sweepstakes in the In story of the famous classic is expected. It will exceed last year’s $16,000. “Tickets have been printed and numbered and requests are coming in from many points out- side of Alaska. As formerly, each guess on the ice break up will cost $1. Each person can buy as many guesses as he has dollars. "A red, white and blue stake has been fastened in the solid ice in midstream of the Tanana. Across the river is a taut wire so stretched tliat it lacks but one inch of touching the up' right stake. At the end of the wire at the City Hall is an electrical device with an alarm system. The moment the ice starts to go out the stake will bulge the tight wire and start the alarm, the person or persons guessing the exact time of the break up wins all or a share of the stakes. “Last year the ice went out May ii, but this spring, due to a mild winter, the break up is ex- pected a week or ten days sooner, but old-timers are guessing around the May date, which has been the winner for several years. Last spring the money was divided into six shares, that number of persons picking the correct time." It is a unique form of betting which does make for thrills in both fact and fiction. NEXT TIME v___ BESIDES the first of the J. S. Fletcher serial in the next number there are many outstanding features. The complete novel is a Thomson Burtis story of the dare-devil flyers of the Border Patrol SHORT STORIES DON’T FORGET THE COUPON! CUT IT OUT TODAY AND LET US KNOW YOUR OPINION OF THE STORIES IN THIS NUMBER READERS' CHOICE COUPON “Readers’ Choice" Editor, Short Storles: Garden City, N. Y. My choice of the stories in this number is as follows: 1- 3- 5_ I	do not like: _ Why?_ Name- Address “Dumpy Does His Stuff.” There will be a Bertrand W. Sinclair story of the Bear Paw range country with the significant title, “With Their Boots On,” and a story by an author whose vivid South Sea islands tales always bring commendation—“The Killers of the Islands” by Frederick Moore. Also there will be a Charles Tenney Jack- son story of the Argo film shooters—• wherein Scamp Franey becomes involved in grim drama instead of the New Orleans carnival hilarity he expected. CLEM YORE WRITES US MANY Short Stories readers who have witnessed with enthusiasm the rodeos staged /lot only in the United States but also abroad by that inveterate hringer of the West to the East, Tex Austin, will be interested in reading the following letter which reached us the other day from Clem Yore: Santa Fe, New Mexico “Just arrived from Vegas where we put Tex Austin asleep after a joust with ether to set his whole upper works. Too much hole for a whole cowboy. His bronc stepped both front feet in a badger hole and spilled Tex terrific. And the saddle-seat bored into the old hand’s side right wicked. So far, he’s jake with two fractures of a collar bone but a lotta bruises around the back that time must decipher. Damn this falling with a pony. 'Tis better to slide off when he wants you to or makes you—the earth is ever casual— but when you fall with him, there’s always something hurt. “As soon as I can get down to produc- tion you shall peep at a yarn. So far 1’vc done nothing but push the landscape aside and talk.” “Clem Yore” WE WANT to print this letter in this issue of Short Stories because we can’t help feeling that the Robert E. Pink- erton novelette, “His Own Logs’’ is just about as complete an answer to it as we could make. Editor, Short Stories, Dear Sir: “I have been reading Short Stories for the past three years and I am very fond of them, but my choice is timber stories like ‘Hell and High Water’ and ‘Cuff ’Er Riverhog/ “I notice that some of the readers don’t like serials, but I like one once in a while, especially when it is just as good as ‘Bar 20 Rides Again’ “Hoping that you keep on going as you have been, I am “Peter Doison, Amesbury, Mass." 10 hen	you’ve taken a plunge in the cool, bracing surf—and battered and ‘wet <with spray, you climb out on the 'welcoming sand —have a Camel! Camels contain the very choicest tobaccos grown in all the world. Camels are blended by the world’s most expert blenders. In the making of this one brand we concentrate the tobacco knowledge and skill of the largest organization of tobacco experts in the world. No other cigarette made is like Camels. They are the overwhelming choice of experienced smokers. Our highest wish, if you do not yet know and enjoy Camel quality, is that you may try them. We inrite you to compare Camels with any other cigarette made at any price. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co. Winston-Salem, N. C. © 1926 Take along a case: Cs^THE lure of the open road on a lazy ^summer afternoon. A shady nook, a tempting lunch on the grass—and then, sparkling bottles of the family’s favorite carbonated beverage .... it’s the touch that makes the day perfect, banishes memory of heat, dust and quickened temper .... it’s good for all the family. Perfect carbonation, possible only in bottles, aids digestion, refreshes the body and clears the brain. ^Shis advertisement sponsored by tPlmerican iBottlers of Carbonated ZBcrerages YOUR FAVORITE CARBONATED DRINK is best BOTTLED SHOUT STORIES ADVERTISER The supreme gift— Perfect Health Freed from constipation, skin and stomach troubles—vitality regained — with one food NOT a “cure-all,” not a medicine in any sense—Fleischmann’s Yeast is simply a remarkable fresh food. The millions of tiny active yeast plants in every cake invigorate the whole system. They aid digestion—clear the skin—banish the poi- sons of constipation. Where cathartics give only temporary relief, yeast strengthens the intestinal muscles and makes them healthy and active. And day by day it releases new stores of energy. Eat two or three cakes regularly every day before meals: on crackers—in fruit juices, water or milk—or just plain, nibbled from the cake. For constipation especially, dissolve one cake in hot water (not scalding) before breakfast and at bedtime. Buy several cakes at a time— they will keep fresh in a cool dry place for two or three days. All grocers have Fleischmann’s Yeast. Start eating it today! And let us send you a free copy of our latest booklet on Yeast for Health. Health Research Dept, z-31, The Fleischmann Company, 701 Washington Street, New York. THIS FAMOUS FOOD tones up the entire system— aids digestion—dears the skin—banishes constipation. LETT “I AM A SAILOR in the United Starts Navy. All my life I have been bothered with a bad complexion and stomach trouble. I never found anything to clear my skin. While home on thirty days leave, 1 got in the habit of eating Fleiscbmann’s Yeast. Now my skin is clear of pimples. I feel like a new man. I perform my duties with much more ‘pep.’ I owe it all to Fleischmann s Yeast.” Stanley H. Strainge, U.S.N., Hampton Road.». V*. “I AM A DANCER. Three years ago I had so much indigestion and constipation that I got terribly run down. I was very skinny and was too tired and nervous to take my lessons. A lady recommended yeast. The constipation was relieved and I had much less trouble with gas. In about four .nonths I began my lessons again. Now I am strong in every way.” Idabelle Barlow, Fort Lauderdale. Florida. SHORT STORIES ADVERTISER ASK . . ANY . . RADIO . . ENGINEER An every night adventure < Burgess Radio Batteries ONE of the reasons why you should always buy Burgess Radio Batteries is that the batteries used by air-mail pilots —battleships—explorers—and the majority of recognized radio engineers—are evolved in the Burgess Laboratories and manufac- tured in the Burgess factory. These batteries are identical with the batteries sold by your dealer and thousands of other good dealers everywhere. Burgess Battery Company General Sales Office: Chicago Canadian Factoriesand Office*: Niagara Falls and Winnipeg Bring vacation back with you —take pictures Out in the open—peace of the hills and the water—fun-filled d aysof play and rest—labor and strife for- gotten—save your joy for next win- ter! Share it with others in pictures. Have your vacation for keeps with an Ansco Ready-Set. Ihis inexpensive camera requires no set- ting for light, speed or distance. It is Ready-Set for pictures. Just open—aim—shoot—as easy as that. There’s a model waiting to make records of your good times I' A nsco Speedex Film —in the red box with the yellow band—fits oil	roll film cameras end is made for in• experienced picture takers to get just the pictures they zvanu ANSCO CAMERAS &.SPEEDEX FILM Pioneer Camera Makers of America Ansco—Binghamton, N. Y. SHORT STORIES ADVERTISER JAMOUS O’££T ..how they're kept free from corns.. Gene Sarazen’s Coifing Feet “Thirty'six holes of golf a day certainly doesn’t drive corns away,” writes Gene Saracen. “But Blue=jay does. A sen- sitive toe gets a lot of friction in a day’s going on the links. But when a corn appears, I put on a Blue=jay.” / t In every walk of life, where feet are essential to fame and fortune, Blue-jay is the preferred method for vanquishing corns. A cool and velvety pad fits over the corn and relieves the pressure and pain at once. Then the corn goes —unless unusually stubborn. But even the most obstinate corn seldom needs more than a second plaster.....At all drug stores. Blue=j ay SHOUT STORIES ADVERTISER Ample argument the old Chinese proverb says, 'One picture is worth ten thousand words.” By much the same reasoning... and it is sound reasoning, too... chc best argument for Fatima is Fatima. Taste one... for just one taste is worth a bookful of description "W bat a whale of a difference just a few cents make” Liggett a Myer« Tobacco Co- Kodak as you go Autographic Kodaks, $5 up Eastman Kodak Company, Rochester, N. Y., The Kodak City DANDRUFF? >.....a 11 ,^r* I- jA. $ h	\ \vS^ Bottle Bacilli, the cause of Dandruff. Illustration reproduced from Hezen'a "Djirjsps of the Skin " C. V. Mo5by, Pu bUsher. Dandruff is a disease difficult to cure.but easy to check. Read below about the best way to combat It. It’s a danger signal! JOaNDRUFF is a danger signal. If you have it you should do something about it. Perhaps you never knew it before, but dandruff is a germ disease. It spreads by infection from personal contact, as with the common use of combs and brushes. Children, for in- stance, are never troubled with dan- druff until actually infected by some contact. Dandruff is a disease difficult to cure but easy to check. It has a ten- dency to reappear, unless properly treated and often brings with it the possible loss of hair or actual baldness. The ideal treatment to combat dan- druff conditions is the systematic use of Listerine, the safe antiseptic. We have received hundreds of un- solicited letters from Listerine users, who are most enthusiastic in their claims for what Listerine will do in this way. If you are troubled with dandruff you owe it to yourself to try it. Using Listerine for dandruff is not complicated. You simply douse it on your scalp, full strength, and massage thoroughly. The effect is antiseptic, cleansing and healing. And you will be amazed to see how this treatment, fol- lowed systematically,combats dandruff Moreover, Listerine will not discolor the hair nor will it stain fabrics. Not only men but women have be- come devoted users of Listerine for this purpose—women, particularly, since bobbed hair has been in vogue and has made them more conscious of dandruff if it happened to be present. Try Listerine this way. Used sys- tematically, the results are almost miraculous ! — Lambert Pharmacal Co., St. Louis, U. S. A. LISTERINE and dandruff simply do not get along together