 . . . waiting at the church because the cutest boy in the neighborhood, play- ing “groom” to her “bride,” walked out on her— and iold her why. Lucky little Edna, to learn so young, that halitosis (bad breath) is the fault unpardonable. Later in life, radiant, beautiful, sought after, she always used J.isterine Antiseptic to make her breath agreeable. How’s your breath? The insidious thing about halitosis (bad breath) is that it affects everyone at some time or other —without them knowing it. So they often offend needlessly. That goes for you. too. Why take the chance? Why guess? Use Listerine Antiseptic to halt food fermentation in the mouth, a major cause ot breath odors. Then you will know that your breath is sweeter, purer, more agreeable. Fastidious people rinse the mouth with Listerine morning and night, and between times before meeting others. Why don’t you acquire this delightful mouth freshening habit? It pays rich dividends in popu- larity. Lambert Phakmacal Co., St. Louis, Mo. for Halitosis use LISTERINE IT WAS LIGHT IN A WILDERNESS OF DARKNESS TO ME M;’j -^5;.5{;X' * ? i tjjV1 f; - - ;‘I was STUCK. A wife and three kiddies — and the same old pay envelope. I couldn't see a thing ahead except the same old grind. Then one day I read an I. C. S. ad. The coupon fascinated me. A new idea struck me — it was a light in a wilderness of <larkness to me! Today, because I mailed that coupon two years ago, I am a trained man — making a trained man’s pay!"’ Does this suggest something to you? Then mail the coupon today! BOX 4904-K, SCRANTON. PENNA. Without cost or obligation, please send me a copy of your booklet, “Who Wins and Why," and full particulars about the subject brjore which I have marked X: 0 Arclmeol □	Architectural Draftsman □	Building ftatiniattug □	Con Irani t*r and Buildar □	Structural DraftdmaU □	SJruetura! F.ngineer □	Management of Inventions 0 Miectrical Kngiueer 0 Mlectrio Lighting 0 Weldi’ig. ICIectrio «n*l (in 0 Reading Shop Blueprint* □	Heat Treatment of Metals 0 HmlnNi Mankcomoat 0 Industrial ManaKomnnC 0 Traflio ManaKoineut 0 Accountancy 0 Coat Accountant Q C. I*. AocuuuUat i Home l>rtN»*ui»Win* j IVof^aiional Drewiua ng and INDUSTRIAL COURSES O Commercial Refrigeration 0 1‘iumbing □ Steam Kitting 0 Ilea line	O Ventilation 0 Air Conditioning and Cooling O Steam F.ngineer 0 Steam Flee trio I’ing.ueer 0 Marine F.ngincor 0 H. R. I.ocomotivo« 0 It R. Section Foreman 0 Air Brake* O R. R. Kignalmnn 0 Hichway Engineering O Civil Hnginoering BUSINESS TRAINING COURSES 0 Bookkeeping	Cl Service Station Salesmanship 0 Secretarial Work	0 First Voar College Kuhjeou 0 Spanish	0 Busineiw Correspondence O French	0 Stenography and Typing 0 Saleamannhip	□ t’»vil Scrvico □ Mail Carrier 0 Advortiainc	D Itailway Mail Clork DOMESTIC SCIENCE COURSES 0	Ail/anced I • rraamaking	0 Food* and Cookery 1	)»ii(uliic	O l ea Room and Cafeteria M anaa*mnnt, («wmi TECHNICAL AND 0 Sh«et Metal Worker 0 Boilermaker O Telegraph Fngineer 0 Toloohono Work	0 Radio 0 Moohanical Fngineoring □ Moohanical Draftaniaii 0 Machinist	0 Toolmaker O Patternmaker 0 Dieoel F.nginfe 0 Aviation Engine* 0 Auto Technician O Auto Electrical Toehnipian O Survey in* and Mapping 0 Bridge Engineor 0 Bridge and BuilJiuc Foreman O Chemistry	0 Fharmaoj O Coal Miniug 0 Mine Foreman Q Kite Bo»»e O Navigation O Cotton Manufacturing O Woolen Manufacturing 0 Agriculture 0 Fruit Growing 0 Poultry Farming O Gradrt School tful.jeot* 0 High School Subject* O Collego Preparatory 0 llluatrating 0 Cartooning O lettering Show Card* O Sign Name...................................................................................Age.........Address. City... II von rfitiiie .......................................................State..............................Present I’osilien........:.................................................... C'-moda. tend thii con von to thtt Int-jrnatiotuil VorretpunJtuor. HcJiaoli Can&tian. Limited. Montreal. OawuU AST—1 Please mention this magazine when answering advertisements I ON SALE FOURTH FRIDAY OF EACH MONTH SCIENCE-FICTIOW Till* Registered U. 8. Patent Office Volume XXI	Number 6 AUGUST, 1938 A Street & Smith Publication THIS MAGAZINE CONTAINS NEW STORIES ONLY. NO REPRINTS ARE USED. Complete Novelettes: HELL SHIP...........Arthur J. Burks 6 Josh UcNab, good Scots engineer, find* himself up against a cracked rotor-shaft and a bull-headed skipper—aboard the Spaceship Arachnel "WHO GOES THERE?"........Don A. Stuart 60 it that your best friend ‘hr°i,lr- uou—or „ imitation, bred of an alien world 1 V/1JO GOES THERE-f Short Stories: JASON COMES HOME......A. B. L. Macfadyen, Jr. 28 A boy sailed out—trapped in an unmanned spaceship. A man sailed back, years later, to wipe the green scum of life from all Earth- RESILIENT PLANET........Warner van Lome 48 A man is baffled by the problem of fuel—when the entire planet—machines, build- ings, even people—is made of rubber! THE TERRIBLE SENSE.........Calvin Peregoy 99 Not sight—nor hearing, quite, nor touch, nor taste—but he learned through it the tyranny of Sound 1 ASTEROID PIRATES........Royal S. Heckman 112 Concerning the highly intelligent and completely bullet-proof Satumian Apes I EVICTION BY ISOTHERM.......Malcolm Jameson 134 When the weatherman can make his predictions come truey he becomes a danger- ous enemy- THE DISINHERITED.........Henry Kuttner 146 Is there that Watcher somewhere—now-1 Science ArsicSes: FOOD FOR THE FIRST PLANET . . . Thomas Calvert McClary 40 Suggesting that reaching the planets may not be half so hard as staying there-1 ORBITS, TAKE-OFFS AND LANDINGS.....Willy Ley 125 An authoritative science article on how rocket-ships cun and cannot plot their courses. Readers’ Departments: EDITOR'S PAGE..............Ill IN TIMES TO COME.............124 The Department of Prophecy and future issues. THE ANALYTICAL LABORATORY.........124 With something entirely new—and of special interest. SCIENCE DISCUSSIONS AND BRASS TACKS......154 The Open House of Controversy. Cover by Wesso. Illustrations by Binder, Coughlin, Do!d, Ratos, Orban, Thomson, Wesso. The entire content* of this magazine are protected by copyright, and must not be reprinted without the publishers’ permission. Single Copy, 20 Cents Yearly Subscription, $2.00 Monthly publication issued by Street & Smith Publications, Inc.. 79-89 Seventh Avenue, New York, N. Y. Allen L. Graiuiner, President; Henry W. Ralston, Vice President and Treasurer. Copyright, 1938, by Street & Smith Publications, Inc.. Now York. Copyright, 1938. by street Ac Smith Publications, Inc.. Cireat Britain. Reentered as Second-class Matter. February 7, 1938, at the Post Office at New York, N. V., under Act of Congress of March 3, 1879. Subscriptions lo Canada, Cuba, Dorn. Republic, Haiti, Spain, t ei.tral and South American Countries, except The Uulanas and British Honduras, $2.25 per year. To all othor Foreign Countries, including The Gulanaa and liriiish Honduras. $2.75 per year.	, .—j_18 We do not accept responsibility for the return of unsolitited manuscripts. To facilitate handling, the author should Inclose a self-addressed envelope with the requisite postage attached. STREET & SMITH PUBLICATIONS, INC., 79 7th AVE., NEW YORK, N. Y. THAT I CAM TRA9N VOW „ AT	A My Training Pays 64 PACE BOOK SAMPLE IESSON GOOD FOR BOTH HtJpcJ Hundred* of Mm Mjx* Mort Mane* In- 602 K. X. OWNS PART TIME RADIO BUSINESS "I am a locomotivo en- gineer with the R. & M. Railroad, and work part lime in Radio. In (he soiling end I have made as high as $:>00 in one month and have added to that about SlUO in serv- rork."—-FRA N'K McCLELLAN. Elizabeth .St., Mcchanicvilic. DOUBLED SALARY IN 5 MONTHS "Shortly after I started tlie N. R. 1. Course I be- gan teaching Radio classes at (ho .Spartan School of Aoronaulici. After five month* i was given a chance to join the Ameri- can Airlines at a salary doable that Which I received from the school."—A. T. BROTHERS. *j:;l Reach, Ocean Park, Santa Monica, Calif. $200 TO $303 A MONTH IN OWN BUSINESS "For the last 18 months I have been in business for myself, making be- tween $200 and $300 a month. I have N.R.I. to thank for my start in this field.” ARLIE J. FROEHNEIt. 224 W. Tdxu Are.. Goose Creek. Texas. I Will Send You n Sample Lesson FREE Clip the coupon and mail it. l will prove that I can train you at home in your spare time to be a RADIO EXPERT. I will send you my tir3t lesson FREE. Examine it. read it. see how clear and easy it is to understand —how practical I make learning Radio at home. Then you will know why men without Radio or electrical knowledge have become Radio Experts and are earning more money than ever uj a result of my Training. Many Radio Experts Make $30. $50. $75 a Week Radio broadcasting stations pay enginesrs. operators, station managers up to $0,000 a year. Spare time Radio set servicing pays as much as $200 to $500 a year—full time serv- icing pays as much as $::0, $50. $75 a week. Many Radio Experts own their own businesses. Manufacturers and jobbers employ testers, inspector.;, foremen, engineers, service- men. paying up to $0,000 a year. Automobile, police, aviation, commercial Radio, and loud speaker systems are newer fields offering good opportunities now and for the future. Tele- vision promises many good jobs soon. Men I trained have good Jobs in all these branches of Radio. Many Make $5, $10. $15 a Week Extra in Spare Time While Learning: Almost every neighborhood needs o good spare time serviceman. The day you enroll I start sending Extra Money Job Sheets showing how to do Radio repair jobs. Throughout your training I send plans and ideas that made good spare time money for hundreds. I send Special Equipment to conduct experiments, build circuits, get practical experience. I ALSO GIVE YOl* A COMPLETE, MODERN. PRO- FESSIONAL ALL WAVE. ALL PURPOSE RADIO SET SERVICING INSTRUMENT TO HELP SERVICE SETS QUICKER— SAVE TIME, MAKE MORE MONEY. Money Back Agreement Protects You Save Money —Learn at Home I am sure I can train you successfully. I agree In writing to refund every penny you pay me if you are not satisfied with my Lessons and Instruction Service when you finish. I’ll send you a copy of this agreement with my Free Book. Get My Lesson and 64>Pag;e Book FREE. Mail Coupon In addition to my Samplo Lesson. I will send you my 04-page bonk "Rich Rewards in Radio." Boi i are FREE to anyono over 10 years old. My boofc points out Radio’s spare time and full time oppor- tunities and those coming in television: my Train- ing in Radio and Television shows you letters from men I trained, telling what they are doing and earning; shows my Money Rack Agreement M VII, THE COUPON in an envelope, or paste it on a penny postcard. J. E. SMITH, President National Radio Institute Dept. 8GO	Washington, D. C. J. E. SMITH. President, National Radio Institute. Dept. 8G0. Wasliinston, O. C. Dear Mr. Smith: Without obligation, send mo the Saranlo Lesson and your frco hook about tho spare tiuio and full time Itadlo oppor- tunities and how I tan train tor them at homu in oparo tiuio. (Pleaae writ* plainly.) Name...................................... Ag»........ Please mention this magazine when answering advertisements Chief Engineer McNab looked down the Tunnel, the engineroom oi the ship, and was content. It was spotless. HELL by Arthur J. Burks SHIP” Wherein Josh McNab, good Scots Engineer of the Spaceship Arachne, finds himself up against a cracked drive-rotor and a ball-headed Skipper. CHIEF Engineer Josh McNab made tiie change from strato- sphere planes to the S. S. Arachne without turning a hair. He was a man for progress, was McNab. Other old-timers had shrugged their shoulders and turned up their noses back when the Arachne was first lowered into her slip preparatory to her maiden voy- age. Josh had consoled himself with the thought that it had always been thus. Grizzled oldsters had always said that old and tried tilings were the best—that nothing new would last. Their attitude suited McNab. who followed his own star, never overlooking a chance to in- crease his pay and position. So. five years before, he'd signed on as Chief Engineer of the Arachne. And he had never had a doubt until this mo- ment—though even in his doubt he knew the answer. He'd told the skipper that the rotor shaft was beginning to crack. And the skipper, to be sure, had passed the report along to grasping old fuss- budget Martin Caperton, who owned the Arachne, first of a fleet that had grown to two hundred in five years—all money-makers. There was a slightly ironical twist in the fact, now, that the Arachne, first of the spider fleet, was the oldest of that fleet, and that some of the oldsters who’d laughed at McNab were now members of crews of the modern streamline jobs, and inclined to look down their noses' at McNab because he preferred to stick to the safe, sane, though rather lumber- ing Arachne. She was due now to speed along her regular force-lane to Mars in a matter of minutes, yet Josh had heard nothing of a lay-over for repairs. But that was quite in line with Caperton poli- cies, too. “An’ there be scuts that say the Scotch are teet!” he muttered. His Scotch dia- lect was broad enough to cut with a knife when he was aroused, or talking to himself. If repairs were to be made in the slip, Caperton had to pay union wages plus time and a half for overtime. If they were made en route—sailors had to do it, and they received no extra pay. Then, it was “for the safety of the ship”, and plain duty. Moreover they had to do it if they got home again. “An’ weel t yon Caperton kens it!” muttered JoshJ4’" McNab. Personally, McNab didn’t care much'' one way or the other. The Arachne was as much his home as his tiny apartment room, where he lived frugally and alone and saved his money against a rainy day. But he knew what “gravity fever” did to human beings who might, just possi- bly, have to spend more time together, cooped up on the Arachne, than they had bargained for—and without weight, if the main-shaft went. But they, like the sailors and marines—the Caperton fleet was government subsidized, in part, and semi-military in character— had to stand by because they wouldn't be able to do anything else. It was like being at sea. Passengers didn’t jump overboard and start swimming for shore just because their ship had to heave-to for a few hours in mid-ocean and make , * repairs. But on the Arachne it could he nasty. Josh, however, had done his duty with 8 ASTOUNDING SCIENCE-FICTION his usual exactness. The rest was up to Skipper Lee Parsons and Martin Caperton—the latter a pot-bellied old owl in shell-rim spectacles. If no stop- order came through, the Arachne would get under weigh on schedule. “Ye're the purrtiest thing,” said Josh, looking the Arachne over from the rim of the slip, his gray eyes glistening with pride. “Purtier than the bonniest las- sie that ever coom oot o’ Scutland, save one! If only I had the money to own ye!” He sighed, for he knew that a Chief Engineer’s pay, even when he saved it all, would never get him to first base in such a purchase. He ran a gnarled, oil- grimed finger across a section of one of the magnesium-beryl hull plates of the Arachne. To Josh it was like touching the skin of one’s best beloved—though Josh had almost forgotten just what that was like. There had been a wife once —Mary—but that had been long and long ago. After she died—Josh had been twenty-five then—he'd never looked at another woman as a man might, though any woman named Mary had a kind of claim on his heartstrings. Mc- Nab was now fifty. He got his enjoy- ment from watching the stars in the eyes of sweethearts and newlyweds who took trips, honeymoon and vacation, on the Arachne. It was almost like being young and having your own wife again. HE WENT INTO the hull through a door that opened at his touch and fell behind him without sound. Lord, but she worked pretty. Never a thing to rasp on the nerves of a touchy old buz- zard like Josh McNab—who couldn’t stand the screech of unoiled hinges, nor the sound of metal against metal. The Arachne was perfect—except for the infinitesimal crack in the rotor shaft. Might take a little time for its effect to be noticed, for it was of thirty-inch chrome-moly steel, and might even stand up until the Arachne eased back into her slip on the return voyage. But sooner or later it would go. Caperton knew it, and had, doubtless, already figured out just how to save that time and a half for overtime. Well, that’s how a man like Caperton got rich, he supposed. A leatherneck sentry saluted respect- fully. Josh paused and asked him how his kids were, and the young chap’s face lighted like a harvest moon. “Fine, sir, just fine. And by the time we get back, if we keep to schedule, there’ll be another one. We’re expect- ing and praying for a girl, this time.” That gave Josh a sort of pang, for the one thing he regretted out of a long, active life was that he had no children. The one that had taken his wife had gone away with her, and it was a sad thing to remember. But the Arachne somehow toek the place of both—the Arachne and her passengers. The crew was already at stations. The marines were at their sentry posts for the outward voyage. Josh wasn’t sure he liked marines. They were a little on the bossy side, and they un- buttoned the collars of their tunics when their officers weren’t around. Still, when you had to have order, and maybe had to keep it by force, they did all right. But the sailors, now, they were the lads. You always knew right where you stood with them. McNab, informed that Skipper Par- sons hadn’t come aboard yet, made a round of inspection. Not that he needed to—not even in the Tunnel, which was his own special stamping ground, where his black gang enjoyed a tradition of precision in their work. But there was satisfaction beyond words to express in going over the whole ship anyhow— seeing, feeling, almost tasting, the de- lights of the Arachne. It was almost a ritual with him, to start from his own quarters, in the top section of the Tun- nel, just under the top main thrust bear- ing, beyond which was the wart on the hull that was the control bridge. It was “HELL SHIP” 9 a grrand tiling to stand in his own door and smell, and listen, before beginning the ritualistic descent through the heart of his kingdom. Just outside McNab’s quarters the huge magneso-beryl girders were a trac- ery of complex web-work, distributing the thrust of the monster main shaft. That web-work talked to Josh McNab in confidential whispers as it strained to its work—telling him how things were going, and whether he was correctly doing his job. The whispers were so real to Josh that sometimes he caught himself saying: “So, is that richt the noo ?” He got his bearings now from the crew’s quarters, in the topmost rounds of the hull, where the rooms were many shaped, and intersected by the same thrust-spreading girders. Those girders, whispering, lulled his own tired men to sleep. The whole crew seemed, to Josh, like spiders in the girder web. THE TUNNEL ran the length, aloft and below, of the Arachne—almost the full two hundred and seventy-five feet of her. Just to inspect it made Josh feel that he was the heart of the sturdy old spaceship. Seldom indeed did he use the swift elevators that paralleled the shaft, for what could you see from elevators? Nothing at all! But the cir- cular staircase leading down—that was something different. It circled the Tun- nel, and kept you so close to the smell and the sound of the main-line helix that you felt—if you were Josh McNab— like you were a surgeon examining a patient with painstaking care. There was always the bite of oil in the nostrils, perfume to the soul of a Scotch engi- neer. And then there were the clank- ings of the perfectly fitting parts of the helix and its operating sister—of course the ship was a “she"—the motor’s rotor, wound on the same shaft because of centrifugal stresses. McNab started below. The sound of his footfalls on the steps would let his crew know he was enroute—not that it mattered especially, as he wasn’t the kind to sneak up on honest, hard-work- ing men—for it went winging down the Tunnel as though he had shouted he were coming. He took a white glove from his pocket, thrust his hand into it. It was spotless. Grinning, as though sure of the result, he closed the gloved hand on the rail of the staircase, pol- ished like a mirror, and clung as he walked down. After ten steps or so he stopped, looked at the glove, and his chest swelled a little. The glove was still spotless. His lads kept things ship- shape, sure enough. But, just to make sure they hadn’t cleaned the rail for his benefit for the first ten feet or so, he slid his hand along the rail for ten feet more. Then he took off the glove, still stain- less, put it into his pocket. A complete picture of the ship was in his head, but even so, every trip was a voyage of discovery, every step through her a delight. A great sphere, she was, two hundred and fifty feet in diameter amidships, at the belt. He liked best to think of her when the heli- copter tugs were warping her in to a landing—swallows about a mighty hawk. Ten thousand tons of dependable space- ship. Though he couldn’t see through the walls of the Tunnel as he descended, he knew where he was every second of the descent. Level under level, below the crew’s quarters, the passengers’ quarters, by classes—based, as always, on price paid for tickets and service furnished—to the first-class quarters, which gave directly onto the mid-section, by gentle stairs, which housed the belt promenade—with its transparent plastic windows—the main lounge, bar, dining saloon and so- cial quarters. McNab liked to visit the mid-section to watch passengers come aboard. Remembering that now, as he passed the midships level, he hurried a bit, to 10 ASTOUNDING SCIENCE-FICTION get back in time, though he never slighted an inspection. In the lower third of the ships were the cargo levels, where stowing must be such that the center of gravity was below the gravita- tional line helix, so the ship would hang straight. Down there, too, were the ac- cumulators—storing electric power for emergencies—and the atom converters whose endless humming was music in the ears of McNab, as much a part of him as the little tufts of gray hair that thrust forth from those same ears. Oxy- gen and water tanks were down there, too, the air apparatus, all the auxiliary functions, the D. C. motor—forty thou- sand horse power!—series wound, capa- ble of revving up to 35,000. He checked the accumulators and the atom converters, and kissed his finger- tips to them, looked around guiltily to make sure nobody had caught him at it. “I could e’en kiss ’em i’ fact,” he told himself. Then, remembering again, he hurried back up the stairs, again disdaining the elevators, trying to forget how the main or gravitational line helix—which crawled like a snake around the rotor shaft—almost always got him down. It worked miracles, and he wasn’t too sure of himself in the presence of miracles. There was something almost weird and unearthly about the helix. II. HE PAUSED before reaching the bulkhead that gave on the belt prome- nade, and looked at his watch. Fifteen minutes to go and everything ready. Skipper Parsons would be aboard shortly. The passengers, by this time, .would be arriving by bus. The bus allowed few minutes’ leeway, so that passengers wouldn't have to stand around and fidget. “Carry on,” said Josh to his crew, many of whom were perched at various strategic places along the Tunnel, on the stairs, to Watch every movement of the rotor shaft. “I’m going oot to the promenade to wutch the passengers coom aboord.” The crew hadn’t even looked at him as he made his inspection. Now, though, one or two of them grinned at him. All knew his weakness for watching pretty girls and their sweethearts, newlyweds, old men, old women—the latter usually jittery until they found that a voyage on the Arachne was probably safer than sitting at home in their own rocking chairs. He stepped now into the middle of the belt promenade, which circled the Tunnel shaft, stopped, straightened up and looked as military as possible. Ah, but the girls were lovely. Stars in the eyes of every one of them. Hair done just so. Light summery dresses suggesting the right holiday mood. Men in knickers, bareheaded, maybe a few reckless ones with suspicious bulges to their hip pockets where their flasks rested. The Arachne’s bar was some- times expensive for people who’d cal- culated their pennies carefully for the trip. Josh cast a weather eye at the ports, against which some of the young cou- ples were standing, looking out and down, enjoying the thrill of trying to look around the bulge of the Arachne to the ground, nearly a hundred and forty feet below. The sight always gave Josh a slight pang of memory—of his days on the steamer lanes, when passengers just like these had stood on covered hur- ricane decks, their faces flushed with ex- citement, their eyes alight at first sight of blue water, their legs spread against the first rolling caused by increasing depths. The change had been slight, after all. Then, they went out and away. Now they went up and away. "Hi, Uncle Josh!” said a clear voice. Mary Purdy came sailing around the promenade so fast her hair blew free. She spent most of her money and all her vacations on the Arachne. She was “HELL SHIP” 11 young, lovely, and Josli adored her se- cretly. Besides. like that other one, her name was Mary. She could have had all Josh's lifetime’s savings merely by saying so—when Josh would have pro- tested loudly, grimly and stubbornly, had lie been called upon to spend any part of them to save his own life. She grinned at him, showing twin rows of fine white teeth, and fully conscious of what she did to Josh McNab. “Hello, Mary. Why dinna ye murry ain o' th’ crew an’ live aboord th’ Ahr- rahknah?” She laughed. “Excuse me, Uncle Josh, but I like to hear you speak the name of the ship. I know you love it so, but the way you sling it out with your Scotch burr—which I love with all my heart, Uncle Josh!—it sounds like a fighting word! And as for marrying, you’re the only one aboard I’d marry, and you shy off from me as though you were a burned child, I the stove.” “I’m auld enoo, Mury”—his brogue got thicker with confusion, and Mary frowned as she listened, but drank it in with delight, hard as it was at times to catch—“to have bairns yer age. But o’ course, if ye were richt seerious-” “There is a joker, Uncle Josh.” “Dinna tell me!” “You're not my father, and I’m half serious about it. If you really set out to take me by storm I’d fling myself into your arms so hard I’d knock you over—solid like a rock though you are!” HIS GRAY EYES went wide. Mary Purdy sounded serious enough to puz- zle him vastly—and to make his face suddenly turn brick red. Mary laughed at his blushes. If he were younger—• and she really meant it! But there, he was forgetting there had once been an- other Mary, whose memory he still loved. He couldn't seem to find an an- swer to her direct frankness, and stum- bled around verbally, seeking a way out —though he'd have died there, of bash- fulness, before he’d have gone away from Mary Purdy. Finally he brought forth some words that would do. “A grrand boonch o’ passengers, this time, Murrry,” he said, his eyes roving over the lines of folks trooping aboard. Some swung instantly to the promenade, starting to walk around and around, al- most running, as though afraid from the very start that something would happen somewhere around the spherical hull that they would miss. Some headed straight for the bar, and drinks. Some headed for the lounge and social halls—and more drinks. Some would stick to bridge tables from the starting time until they arrived at journey’s end. Funny about people, that way. Toole a trip to Mars as a matter of course. Didn’t even look up from their cards when the Arachne turned on its “web”, a million miles from its destination, and began to lower away. Nothing fazed them. But if that rotor shaft cracked- He shut it from his mind, thinking of Mary, wondering whether he shouldn’t tell her about it—and decided not to. There wouldn’t be much dan- ger. even if it cracked, and thought of Mary aboard filled him with such de- light that he took a chance. She’d be tagging him everywhere he went, and he'd be liking it, answering questiens shot at him with machine-gun rapidity. Mary already knew as much about the ship as Skipper Parsons. She’d even been allowed on the control bridge dur- ing some recent trips, but Josh was her favorite. If she hadn’t remembered everything he told her he’d have thought she made him talk j ust to listen to—and sometimes mimic—his brogue. Mary was talking, though, and he gave her every attention. “There you go,” she said, “changing the subject as always. Uncle Josh, for being the soul and spirit of a proud old beauty like the Arachne, you’re the ’fraidest man I ever saw.” “I fear naught,” said Josh, “yet there 12 ASTOUNDING SCIENCE-FICTION be summat aboot wimmin called 'Murrry’ that makes even the calloused heart of an auld Scutchman go gallivantin’. Best sit ye doon, Mury. The Skipper cootns sharlty an’ we start when he's abbord an’ the Ara—the Am-” Mary’s grin began to widen. She lis- tened carefully, leaning forward on tip- toes, not to miss the slightest inflection of Josh McNab’s voice when he spoke the name of the Arachne. “Th’ feerst o’ th’ spider fleet!” he said triumphantly. "Come, Uncle Josh, say it for Mary!” "The Ahrrahknah,” he said promptly, and she didn’t laugh at him, and he knew that she wouldn’t even think of it if she thought he were the slightest bit sensi- tive about his brogue. “Look like a nice voyage this time?” she pursued. “O’ coourse! The Ahrrahknah speeds alang her force-lane like a rat alang a rafter, a spider alang her web.” “And John McNab running her!” "Skipper Parsons runs her!” “Yes, but without Uncle Josh, ivhere?” JOSH McNAB reflected a moment. "Weel, noo, he’s no a Scutchman, nor yet a Chief Engineer, nor has he the name o’ Murrry, but for a’ that an’ a’ that-” “He’s a nice figure of a man, Uncle Josh, and you’re so loyal to him you could bust.” She came closer to him suddenly, grabbed him by the ears, pulled his head down and gave him a smack on the lips from which he was destined never to recover. Then she stood back, grinned at him. “You’ll never have me, I know,” she said softly, “so I have to do the best I can. He’s aboard, Uncle Josh.” "Young Islip ?” McNab scowied sud- denly. “Yes.” “With anither woman!” "Yes. But it’s my fault, and he’s punishing me—I hope! We split in a quarrel last week. But she is never go- ing to have him, Uncle Josh!” He stared into her determined eyes, suddenly much concerned, feeling any hurt she may have felt—or he even sus- pected she might feel—as a hurt to him- self. Now, slowly, he shook his head. “She willna have him, Murrry, if ye wush to keep him. Aye, I ken it in yer e’en! Like a Scutch lassie ye ne’er gie oep yer ain !”• "There may be an emergency or—or something, Uncle Josh, out in space somewhere. Then he’ll turn to the one he really wants, and if it isn’t me I’ll never bother him again. I’ll just lie down and die, or force you to take me.” Josh went brick red again. Mary laughed, then stopped laughing suddenly, pretending not to notice young Jack Islip—a redheaded hellion, Josh thought him, with a streak of recklessness in him that might be dangerous in years to come, to somebody, some woman—walk- ing blithely past with a fluttery female on his arm whom Josh disliked at once. He stared at them, not noting when Mary Purdy, to avoid notice, slipped into the lounge. Josh McNab, watching the chiseling female, decided that Mary could give her aces and spades and beat her from Earth to Procyon hands down. But was Jack Islip worth it? Mary might think so, but if Mary got hurt at all, over this young redhead- Well, Josh would take a hand. He might even take a hand anyhow. Certainly she—by giving her confidence—had offered him the chance, almost begged him to take it. But what could an old engineer do? Still, an emergency—such as might be brought about by a rotor shaft beginning to crack. . . . He shook his head. What in the devil was he thinking aboot, just because a lovely girl’s name was Mary? “HELL SHIP" 13 SKIPPER PARSONS came out of one of the elevator doors, his gaze roam- ing over the promenade. McNab knew that Parsons had come hunting him, knowing where to find him. He also knew that Parsons wanted to show off his new uniform, that fitted his trim figure so perfectly. “Right on time, McNab. Everything set?” said Parsons. “Aye. sir. a' is richt, savin' the mat- ter o' rreporrt-” “The rotor shaft will hold,” said Par- sons, as though his saying so would make it hold. His gaze followed the promenading passengers, and Parsons now indulged in a bit of harmless show- ing off that never failed to amuse Mc- Nab. He walked to the inter-level ad- dress system, whence his voice reached every part of the ship, including—espe- cially including—every part of it where passengers would -be at the moment of starting. “Stations all!” called Parsons, stand- ing very straight, apparently unconscious now that promenaders had ceased prome- nading and were watching and listening. “Three seconds to go!" There was almost no perceptible movement, save that the knees of some of the passengers bent, and even McNab stiffened his legs against the drag. The low, smooth whine of the great rotor and gravitational-line helix built up as the Arachne moved out of her slip, swifter and smoother than greased light- ning—looking, McNab knew, like a mighty balloon that had broken free and was headed for heaven with nothing to hold her back. The start was never tough, for near any planet the gravitational lines of force were so close together that it was a cinch. And the Arachne, riding her own particular lane, feeding the lines of force through her helix, transversing the Tun- nel. was really like a spider speeding along her web. “Bonnie! Bonnie!” whispered Josh McNab. “Bonnie as a lassie from th' hielands!” He crossed the promenade to the ports, automatically adopting the rolling walk of the sailor that he could never lose, really, because he had spent his early years on salt water. He looked out, sort of checking his location in space. The Earth was already a ball, far below the Arachne. The lines of force, as the Arachne “climbed", would draw farther and farther apart, and the motor’s revs would climb to compensate. In no time she would be doing her 35,000 rptn’s. And when that time came Josh McNab’s place was in the Tunnel. He turned back, regarding the passengers—again promenading—with something like envy. He stepped into the Tunnel to watch the behavior of the rotor shaft—after tak- ing one swift glance into the lounge to see what had become of Mary Purdy. He didn't see her. But he did see that the rotor shaft was to be a real concern. Without the slightest doubt, it would not complete the Martian journey with- out being repaired. And to repair the rotor, a million miles from nowhere- Well, that might be more of an emergency than even Mary Purdy dared ask for. III. STILL, for two days the Arachne sped on her way. Josh McNab seldom slept, save in catnaps. He was up and down the circular “ladder” a dozen times an hour, seemingly tireless for all his years. He was listening to the voice of the Tunnel, the murmuring of the helix, the talking of the metal parts of the whole motor assembly. It was typi- cal of him that even in the growing tension, the waiting for something to happen, he occasionally took out the white glove and tested the shining brass of the rail. And now and again Mary Purdy came to him, suddenly, from one level 14 ASTOUNDING SCIENCE-FICTION or the other, as though she always knew where he was, and appeared when she needed his company. He knew things were not going well with her, and there was even a time or two, when she stood on the circular stairs, hands gripping the rail until her knuckles were white, that he was a little afraid she might fall, by “accident". Then he cast the thought from him as unworthy. Mary Purdy— nor any other girl named Mary—would die the coward’s way. But she was eating her heart out, and there was little he could do. He couldn’t even go and kick young Islip in the teeth, just for luck. Because he had to stick to the Tunnel, and young Islip avoided the ship’s interior, probably because that frippery female with him couldn’t stand the bite of oil, or the sight of laboring men not too fully clad, keeping vigil with Josh McNab. Not Mary, though; she was a real man’s woman. The crew knew it, and brightened and grinned at her when she appeared, and seemed to gain strength from her presence. Then, when things were pretty bad for Mary, by the looks of her, and she stood on a landing with McNab, in the Tunnel abeam of the belt promenade: "Murrry,” he said softly, dropping his calloused hand over hers—which took a lot of courage for Josh McNab, “is yon laddie worth it?” “To me, Josh, yes.” She swayed, and would have fallen, and Josh had an inspiration. "Tell me, Murrry, the noo, aboot the ship. Answers micht help a wee bit ye ken-” She understood instantly, and turned her head toward him for a moment, without relaxing her grip on the rail. She did, however, lean her body a bit away from the cylindrical pit of the rotor. "Top and main thrust bearings, Josh,” she said, “are oil pad flotation surfaces, with 22 square feet area, operating with an oil pressure of 350 pounds per square inch. The metal of the bearing-plates is cadmium bronze. The main rotor ball-caps are chome-moly-vanadium steel; the shaft itself a 30" chrome-moly heat-treated alloy-” The Arachne, after all, was one of her passions, and her own words did a lot to help her back to herself. "The hull plates are of magnesium- beryl- Thanks, Josh. I needed that, I guess. I’ll try my best to stop being silly. If he doesn’t cafe, I’m fool- ish to bother, even though it hurts in- side. But you wouldn’t know, Josh-” “Her name was Murrry, too, lang an’ lang ago,” said McNab slowly. “Oh, Josh, I didn’t think-” "So mony folk, Murrry, dinna think at all! But dinna ye fret-” JOSH McNAB’S life, as he saw it, had changed but little since he had first gone to sea in almost the last of the sur- face ships on Earth. When they’d gone the way of all obsolete man-made things, he’d stepped into the stratosphere. Then out of stratosphere ships—which lasted such a short time—into the Arachne and the regular Earth-Mars run. Like clockwork it had been, for five years. Vast space instead of vast oceans of salt water. So many things that were the same. The decks were circular, a grand promenade—at least amidships. They got smaller as you went aloft or below. At sea they’d been sort of oblong, and there you could hear the swish of the sea against the hull, feel the heeling of the ship as monster waves struck it broadside or quartering. At sea you could see the proof of a roaring storm. In the Arachne you couldn’t see much, and there wasn’t much swaying about, or back and forth, thanks to the stabil- izing gyroscopes. Walking the decks was like walking any other decks, when a ship was tied up at the dock, or "like a painted ship upon a painted ocean”. “Uncle Josh,” said Mary, turning her hand in his, and clutching his gnarled “HELL SHIP” 15 fist with a sudden, fiercc pressure, “why do women have to be so doggoned weak and silly over a redheaded creature in trousers ?” “VVeel, Murrry-” he began, and got no further. Mary heard it, too, or sensed it. With the crew swinging into swift movement she could not miss it. The voice of the Tunnel had changed. Maybe there was a different kind of whisper in the girders alow and aloft. Maybe there was some- thing differently metallic in the stealthy slither of the brushes on the rotor slip- rings. Maybe the schnffing of the helix had changed. But true sailormen knew the very smell of danger. “Josh,” whispered Mary, “what is it?” “Git ye back to th’ promenade, Murrry,” said Josh, his face grim. “There may be danger here, an’ if aught happened ye-” “Danger?” He stared at her. She wasn't fright- ened. Indeed he saw a flare of hope in her eyes, and knew she hadn’t forgotten her wish for an emergency that might bring Jack Islip to her side. “Really?” “Back to the promenade, Murrry,” said Josh. Mary, with another swift press of her soft warm hand, went. Josh McNab began to bark at his men, sta- tioned up and down the length of the shaft. He yelled for information which he might correlate that would give him the exact location of the sound, and therefore, perhaps, the spot where to look for the break. His men were up and down the stairs, suddenly, like fire- men on their pole when an alarm came in. Josh himself moved with amazing speed. The rotor was going. They might make Mars before it went entirely, but he doubted it. Things sometimes went fast when they started. He stopped on a landing where a chart of progress was shown, and grinned. At this point in the normal trip a hundred and fifty pound man weighed around twenty pounds, maybe a bit less. But when the motor stopped. . . . Of course it would have to be stopped now. If anything came apart, at such terrific speed, it would cause a pretty awful mess. Pieces of metal, hurled through the walls of the Tunnel, might conceivably penetrate every compart- ment, every stateroom on the Arachne, killing every person aboard—even Jack Islip and Mary Purdy. JOSH McNAB took an elevator for the first time since the danger had really begun to develop, and dropped down to the belt promenade. A query over the inter-level address system had informed him that Parsons was in the lounge, talking with an admiring bunch of fe- males. McNab told him he'd rather see him alone, but Parsons said it didn’t matter, and he was the ship’s master. So Josh McNab reported to Skipper Parsons in the midst of a flock of people. “The shaft, sirr,” he said, and his brogue had never been thicker. He felt his face flushing painfully as the women looked up at him, some with smiles of amuse- ment. He knew from long experience what some of them would do and say when they listened to his brogue. There would be giggles, and he would get con- fused, and Parsons would think it funny. Parsons was a good skipper, but he was bull-headed and not always bright—even though he did have a ready tongue when it came to gab with the ladies. Parsons sounded very brave and mas- culine. “It can't go until we reach Mars!” “I canna promise, sirrr. If yon auld buzzard, Caperton-” “Have a care, McNab. Remember your position. It isn’t up to you to criti- cize the owner.” “Aye, sir. I kea that, but the auld buzzard-” “Stow it, I said! Your job is to run 16 ASTOUNDING SCIENCE-FICTIGN the motor, keep the Arachne going!” McNab could see that Parsons was expanding in the presence and obvious admiration of the women. Other pas- sengers, hearing, were crowding in to listen. Mary Purdy came and stood close to McNab. Only Jack Islip and that female of his stayed apart from the group. Mary recognized McNab’s distaste for discussion in the presence of so many women. “The rotor?” she asked. Josh McNab nodded. ‘‘He insists it should be stopped,” said Parsons. "And the Arachne has held to schedule for five years. Her excellent record must not be broken.” “If Uncle Josh thinks we should stop,” said Mary quietly, "it strikes me that even you should listen, Captain Par- sons.” It was no way to handle Parsons, and McNab knew it. He wished Mary hadn’t spoken. It made him feel like a fool, though he loved her anew for stand- ing up to Parsons. Not many people dared do that, even women, when he was setting out to be authoritative. He rose now, with half the passengers trailing him, close on the heels of McNab and Mary, and stopped at the bulkhead where he kept a chart, properly marked every six hours for the benefit of the passen- gers. He touched the chart with a blunt forefinger. “We’re about halfway, McNab,” he said, almost as though he were teaching the alphabet to an incorrible kindergar- ten child. “Right where the lines of force are most widely separated. If we stop now, we drift out of them entirely —into the doldrums, speeding on for Heaven knows where. I don’t care to risk it.” He turned back to McNab. "Drive her, McNab,” he said grimly. “We can beat the break to our port.” “Aye, sir, but-” “Orders, McNab. I said to drive her!” McNAB touched his forelock. He’d served with too many skippers—includ- ing this one—to even suggest disobeying orders, or being slow in obeying them. He turned away. The thing left to do was stick to the Tunnel for the better part of two more days, and sort of pray the rotor to safety. Prayers were all right, McNab knew, but spanners, and the right kind of heat were also good for a break in the rotor. Parsons was blundering again. 'He shouldn’t have said anything in front of the passengers, and now he was going even further, when it wasn’t really nec- essary. It was one thing to kill peo- ple, or take chances with their lives, and quite another to tell them what to ex- pect. Parsons spoke over the inter- level address system. "Ladies and gentlemen,” he said, "there is no real danger, of course. But our rotor shaft may go at any moment. We’re driving at full speed for the near- est Martian port. Just don’t lose your heads, and we’ll be all right-” Mary understood, too, that Parsons was bulling ahead, making blunders that might prove costly. Her hand gripped McNab’s arm tightly. He patted that hand with his own. It was grand for a man’s strength to have someone who stood by through all sorts of weather. Parsons was going on, managing now to sound pompous. "Just remember the tradition of Caperton lines—five years on schedule without loss of life or a ship. Settle back and be comfortable, and we’ll get you through!” A vast, ominous stillness seemed to settle over the whole ship when Parsons had finished. He wasn’t the first to realize, but it startled him. Maybe he had expected shouts of encouragement, or belief in his prowess. If so, the sud- den silence must have bothered him con- siderably, or what happened in the next few moments would never have hap- pened. In that taut silence the sounds “HELL SHIP"	17 Gravity gone, the ship's officers were helping passengers “down” from the ceiling, teaching them to maneuver- 18 ASTOUNDING SCIENCE-FICTION came from the Tunnel to the promenade, and thence—since Parsons had left open the public-address microphone—to every nock and cranny of the Arachne. The sound was the shuddering of the rotor, the schuffing indecision that had sent McNab hurrying to see the captain. Faces turned toward the doors that masked the Tunnel. Eyes widened with dawning terror. The circular tube in the middle of the Arachne had become, on the instant, the abode of death per- haps, certainly the abode of a ghastly threat. A marine officer barked: “Every- body keep your heads now!” And to his men, before Parsons could say any- thing, head him off, "See that there is no running about, no panic!” Fear was a poor weapon with which to avert catastrophe. And Parsons didn’t help much when he drew himself up and said quietly: “My place now is on the control bridge. McNab!” “Aye, sirr!” “Drive her!” “Aye, sirrr!” With long manly strides Parsons made for the nearest elevator, entered, closed the door. McNab, able to hear the voice of his beloved Tunnel and its metal monsters from the promenade, hesitated, watching the passengers un- easily. He didn’t like the growing whiteness in so many faces. IV- “I MIGHT HAVE known you’d get me into trouble! Why did I ever come on this trip anyhow? We’re all as good as dead!’ Jack Islip’s girl- McNab strode to her, enroute to the Tunnel. “That isna true, lass,” he said quietly, staring her straight in the eye. for the first time in years unabashed by a woman. “What do you know about it, you old billygoat ?” - “Mind your business, McNab,” said Islip, his face red as he stood close to the girl. “Mind your own business or I’ll knock your teeth down your throat! You can’t talk to my girl like that.” "Then see that th’ lass doesna go daft, Jock!” "Who’s daffy?” shrieked the girl. "Trying to quiet me, hey? Because you know I’m right.” “I’ll have your job for this, McNab,” said young Islip, noting that McNab’s lips twisted with contempt. Mary Purdy still clung to Josh’s arm. “Forget it, Uncle Josh/' she said. “It doesn’t matter. Nobody with any sense will think there is reason for panic, with you running the machines. Personally, I’ll follow you anywhere.” "Can the act, Mary Purdy,” said the girl. “I’m wise to why you're pulling it, and you won’t get to first base.” “It’s quite possible I suddenly don’t want to,” said Mary Purdy. “Come on, Josh, I’m going with you to the Tunnel.” “What do you mean by that. Mary?” asked Jack Islip, bristling. She chose to misunderstand him. “Only that I’m tagging along with Josh,” she said. “Any objections?” There didn’t seem to be any. She clung to Josh’s arm as the Chief headed for the entrance to the Tunnel. Josh was as proud as Punch and showed it. Mary was all right. Maybe Jack Islip was, too, for hadn’t he stuck up for “his girl”? Right or wrong, there must be something to a fellow who’d do that. Josh was increasingly conscious of the terror that was grow'ing into a mon- strous thing on the Arachne. If it broke into action he preferred Mary to be with him. For if the rotor went—at full speed—she would be killed anywhere near the ship anyhow. So that wouldn't make any difference. Every passenger knew his literature of the space-lanes. Ghastly things could happen. A rupture in the hull meant instant death. Becalming of the ship meant eternity spent between worlds. “HELL SHIP” 19 Becalming until stores were ex- hausted- Well, there were endless possibilities. And the whole thing could be circumvented by stopping to repair the crack before going on. The Old Man? Well, he was all right. But no- body—certainly no junior on his own ship—could tell him anything, even sug- gest anything. Josh and Mary hadn’t even reached the door when a middle-aged man screamed. “I’m going to do something! I’ve studied these rotors and helixes. I know all the answers. We’re all going to die if somebody doesn’t do some- thing !” McNab paused, turned. The shout- ing man was charging toward the door through which McNab himself intended going. He must be stopped. A marine sergeant solved that problem by crack- ing the frenzied man in the mouth. The fellow went down, hitting the deck with entirely too much force. His head bounced as it struck. The marine rubbed his knuckles. His look said as plainly as words: “Anybody else want some?” NOBODY could get off the Arachne, for its doors were sealed at point of departure and could not be opened until she reached her destination. And even if they could get out, what then ? The answer to that question was an appalling one. But in making for any point of fancied safety, there might well be a gen- eral pile-up, wherein someone was sure to be killed. A panic-stricken rush into the Tunnel, for instance, might fill the shaft from this level down, with dead. And all because, Josh thought bitterly, old Caperton wanted to save his time- and-a-half for overtime. Beside him he could feel Mary Purdy’s whole body shaking. “The lad,” he whispered, “isna worth your trouble.” He meant Islip, who should, he thought, have headed off that silly girl. "Maybe you’re right, Uncle Josh, but AST—2 I want him, and nobody else. J love him even more for what just happened. He’s being harassed to death, but I’m getting no joy out of it. I’d rather spend eternity out here with him, dead, than five minutes on any planet, with any man alive—except you !” “Aye, lass,” he said softly, turning back as though she had been his skip- per and he had just acknowledged an order. “Aye, lass, have him ye shall. But yon rotor, now-” "Why don’t you override Parsons, Josh, ami stop the motor yourself?” Josh stared at her aghast, as though she had committed sacrilege beyond be- lief. He shook his head. ‘‘Sorry, Josh,” she said instantly. “I don’t know much about discipline, and being a woman wouldn’t take it seriously anyhow. It would be what they call mutiny, wouldn’t it?” Before he could answer, someone screamed, and both turned back again. “Look out, leatherneck!” The man who had been knocked un- conscious had come around suddenly. He had risen to his feet, grabbed a chair, was rushing on the marine who had slugged him. The marine turned just in time to get a hefty wallop squarely across the skull. But the act of the man the leatherneck had knocked down, fo- cusing on McNab’s consciousness with the weird force of a picture done in slow motion, gave him the answer to his own problem, and that of the Arachne. The leatherneck, out on his feet, went down with queer slowness. Other ma- rines flung themselves at the frenzied passengers. And there was stark sur- prise on their faces, about something they obviously could not understand, but that McNab did understand. In a split second, while the women crowded against the ports, their mouths opened on screams that promised never to end, marines and men passengers were joined in a battle of fists, knees, and skulls. Blood spattered as fists thud- 20 ASTOUNDING SCIENCE-FICTION ded home. It was a good battle and McNab would have liked to get into it. But at that moment Skipper Parsons appeared from the first class passenger level. He noticed Mc\'ab before he paid much attention to the melee. “What’s the delay, McNab? I told you to drive the Arachne. Why are you still hanging around the promenade? Report to your quarters under arrest! I'll have no malingering on the Arachne even on the part of the Chief Engineer!" McNAB STARTED to protest, but decided against it. Instead, this time he went through the door, into the Tunnel, started clumping—not aloft, but below! Yet he had been ordered to his quarters, under arrest, and his quarters were high in the top third of the Arachne. “John,” said Mary, “don’t be foolish! Your whole career, your whole life can be ruined by one mistake.” He didn't answer, didn't look back. Nor did he order her to get out of the Tunnel, not to tag him along. McNab’s mind was more or less one-track. SN'ow that he had made it up, nothing could stop him. Mary’s heels rang on the steps behind him. He chuckled as he went, thinking of the feminine sound of tlfc>se heels. He went straight to the motor, far down in the bottom third of the Arachne. Reaching the motor, he turned on Mary, and smiled thinly. “Should we gae furrther, Murrry, we’d be in th' bilge, or oot!” She didn't answer, but stared at him without blinking. She saw in that in- stant that nothing she or anybody could do would change Josh's mind about what he intended doing. And what he in- tended doing was simple. He shut off the motor, and thanked God softly for stabilizing gyroscopes, considering the location of the Arachne in space between Earth and Mars. Eor but for those gyroscopes now, with the motor stopping, and the mighty rotor soon motionless, the Arachne would spin like a monster top. Almost instantly the voice of Parsons sounded in the engine room. “Who gave you orders to shut down, McNab?" “Aye, aye, sirr,” said McNab, grin- ning and winking at Mary. “Are you stark, staring crazy, Mc- Nab ?" “Aye, sirr, repairin’ richt noo, sirr!” “I didn’t say anything about repair- ing,” roared the skipper. “I said to drive her. Now, with the motor stopped- Start it again, McNab, do you hear ?” “It isna poseeble, sirr.” said McNab quietly, and Mary, looking into his dour face, knew that he spoke the truth. “Re- pairs must be made, sirr.” Not once did McNab vary in the slightest from the strictest forms of spa- tio-naval discipline. He'd overridden his Captain, but he meant to stick by his guns, and pretend that he had been ordered to cut the motor. The machinery was already almost motionless. The throbbing of the gyro- scopes could be felt, heard. And— “weight”, what little there was, died with the failing thrust of the helix. McNab grinned at Mary, and suggested that she return to the belt promenade, to “see the fun". “Fun?” she repeated. “Fun?" Josh shrugged, grinned, motioned her up the ladder. Mary, obedient because she saw that Josh meant it, started. But she didn’t get far. A look of amazement and momentary terror crossed her face. |She couldn’t move at all. without push- ting hard against the floor. Then, when 'she had moved, she rose into the air :and came down with magical slowness. 'She pul both hands to her heart, and 'Josh McNab chuckled, waiting for her to get the answer without prompting. , “I get it. Uncle Josh," she said. “At ;the present moment I weigh exactly nothing. I have attained, therefore, vain "HELL SHIP” 21 woman’s oldest dream, raised to the «th degree. All right, I’ll go to the prome- nade to see the fun, but how do 1 get there ?” Josh McNab answered by example. He simply grasped the rail of the stair- case and went up hand over hand, trail- ing his lean and efficient body behind him. Laughter rang in the Tunnel, and he knew that Mary Purdy was right behind him. Aloft, along the length of the Tunnel, his men were busy, apparently swim- ming in space between the staircase and the rotor, preparing the materials needed —without command—for repairing the rotor. Some, below, were breaking out the magnetic shoe clamps for easier movement. “You’re through, McNab,” came the voice of Parsons over the inter-level system. “I don’t suppose you know that, thanks to you, we’re adrift—with no lines of force operating through the helix —in doldrums that, as far as we are con- cerned, are limitless. But get onto that repair job, McNab. It’s all there is left to do. When it’s done, you’ll carry out the orders I really did give you, and confine yourself to your quarters until we return to our Earth slip. Then-” Parsons didn’t finish. He didn’t need to. But McNab forgot, next moment, all about it. He was engaged in the amazing and apparently Gargartuan task of "healing” the crack in the rotor. He missed, then, what transpired every- where else on the Arachne. But he didn’t mind that, either, knowing that Mary Purdy would give him the facts when both were free again for a session of talk. V. WHAT HAPPENED in the belt promenade, and the lounge, and the bar, Mary Purdy told Josh McNab later, in strictest confidence, with many peals of laughter—only at the time it happened it wasn't by any means a laughing mat- ter. First, Mary—while McNab hand- over-handed it up the staircase, swing- ing first over the stairs, then over the abyss of the Tunnel—got her hands on the knob of the door leading into the promenade. Then, by exerting unusual strength, in new and untried directions —muscles she’d never used before—she got her feet on deck, pushed the door open, and entered the promenade, clos- ing the door by a weird reversal of the opening process. Then, holding onto the knob, she stood and looked about her. Everybody on the promenade looked like people trying to walk under unusu- ally clear water. Even the movement of their hair resembled a weird “dance of the drowned”. Jack Tslip and his girl were trying to hang onto each other. The girl bent her knees and tried to fling herself into Jack’s arms. Jack reached for her and missed and the young lady sailed up to the ceiling and gave her head a resounding crack. It effectually stopped her screaming, for it knocked her out. Jack reached up and tried to pull her down, and suc- ceeded instead in getting himself off the deck, and couldn’t get back down again. Jack did the natural thing, then; he swam around, harkening to the pealing of Mary’s laughter—in which none of the other passengers joined. In the eye of her mind, Mary could see passengers in their staterooms, rolling out of bed and not being able to reach the floor, and simply floating about and yelling their heads off. It struck her as very funny. But to them, it was only the frightful sensation of a fall—a fall that went on and on and must end in a fright- ful smash. Mary almost offered to help Jack pull the girl down and place her on a divan, but decided against it. Let the little Save several cents a pack! Try Avalon Cigarettes! Cellophane vorap. Union made. 22 ASTOUNDING SCIENCE-FICTION hussy float! She was surer than ever that this was the proper caper when Jack, turned clear around at last, looked at her with such a glad light in his eyes that her heart turned clear over and then started hammering as though it would suffocate her. But she stopped laughing, for the rest of the passengers were in a state. Some of them understood, vaguely, some didn't. Some of them thought they were at sea, and that the belt promenade had been flooded—and were both relieved and terrified to find that they could breathe in the strange element in which they swam-walked-floated. But faces were white as death. Man is born fearing only two things—and one of these is falling. Nobody said anything, probably because nobody be- lieved it possible for them to talk. Mary wondered what would happen if the per- petually partially inebriated tried to drink from bottles, and the liquor wouldn't run out. It would be disap- pointing, no doubt about that, and cer- tainly conducive to the very latest in delirium tremens. She was glad beyond words that she had asked all sorts of questions of McNab and been patiently answered. Knowing what it was all about she could feel the weirdness of everything without being too frightened at the “falling” sensation. One thing was certain: McNab had effectually stopped the marines and the passengers from fighting! It would have been worse than trying to fight on the ocean floor at three fathoms! “Jack!” Mary called. “Coming, honey,” he said. “If some kind spatial spirit will tell me how to get to you—and then will arrange for you to forgive me.” “Let it pass, Jack,” she retorted. “Seeing that woman hanging by nothing against the ceiling pleases me more than I can say. It practically balances every- thing!” IT DIDN’T help the nerves of the passengers any, or even the marines, when Parsons came, hand under hand, down the rail of the stairs from the first class passenger level, looking very fool- ish, and with his face beet-red. “Blast McNab!” he roared. “If I ever return to normalcy, and get my hands on that damn Scotchman! I’ll break every bone in his head!” Mary laughed, and Parsons looked at her, and his face slowly cleared, even as, at the end of the rail, he went through all the queer contortions he deemed nec- essary to get his body into a position that might be called approximately nor- mal. Magnetic shoes were necessary only to the engineers, and they alone had them. This done, he gave a brief ad- dress to such passengers as were within sound of his voice. “I’m taking every precaution,” he choked, “for the safety of the Arachne. My Chief Engineer made a stupid blun- der in stopping the motor to repair a crack in the rotor. In doing so, he ren- dered every one of us weightless. It's a queer condition, but quite harmless, if you don't try any broad jumps. If there is any danger at all, between now and the time when the motor is repaired, and we are under weigh for Mars once more, it’s because we’ve slipped our force-lane, are out of control, and head- ing into unknown space. We may fetch up anywhere, or nowhere, depending on how long it takes that blasted McNab to make repairs!” “Then,” said Mary, “our safety is in his hands, isn’t that right?” “Yes, it is. He’s the only man aboard with the knowledge to make repairs.” “Then don’t you think you might quit belittling him in front of everybody whose lives depend on his efficiency?” Parsons stared. It took some min- utes, but he got it finally, and a sheepish grin started to spread on his face. “You’re right, Mary,” he said frankly. “I’ve been stubborn and opinionated. “HELL SHIP” 23 I’ll admit it now, freely, to everybody, and to McNab when I get a chance.’'’ “And he won’t be placed under ar- rest?” ‘‘No, damn it!” “I’m going to tell him!” said Mary, forgetting herself and kicking around to open the door, go back into the Tunnel. Fortunately she was hanging onto the knob when she jumped, or she might well have joined Jack Islip’s girl on the ceiling. It scared her, and it scared Jack, a fact which she noted with im- mense satisfaction when she managed to get back to an even keel, more or less. Josh McNab and his men were busy repairing the crack in the rotor. Josh estimated that, with luck, the job would be done in eight hours, if everybody worked hard, and didn't lose any tools. The latter possibility wasn’t a matter of grave concern, but if a man dropped a spanner it didn’t stay where it was, but floated off on its own. That fact was no help, rather a detriment to the trou- bleshooters. And the reason for no lit- tle hilarity. Someone proposed that, as an inducement to passengers in the fu- ture, one stop in mid-space should be made on every voyage, to show every- body what it was really like to get "space-legs.” Josh hushed everybody, insisting that wasted breath mended no cracked rotors, and the work went on swiftly. Josh McNab ordered a thermite jacket placed around the area of the crack in the rotor. A mixture of aluminum pow- der and iron oxide, it glowed with a terrific heat when fired—well into the blue-white, and the metal of the rotor was fused again with a minimum of lost time. This done to Josh’s satisfaction, the excess metal was ground off with motor-driven hand-grinders, a detail that took longer, until the rotor at that spot was round again. Then the area was heat-treated with a portable induc- tion furnace strapped around the shaft. It was a workmanlike job, finished in jig time. Now and again McNab barked an odor. His men worked with a will, pleased with the way things were going and, frankly, after a while becom- ing a bit jittery about the matter of weightlessness. They became accus- tomed to looking down into the depths of the Tunnel without fear, and one man expressed his fear of later conse- quences aptly. "I’m afraid, sir, that this floating in space may get to be a habit, and that when we get back our weight, we’re likely to forget and step right into the shaft, and get ourselves hurt at the bottom!” Josh, apparently in all seriousness, said that the answer to that was sim- ple. He thereby ordered them, each and severally, never at any time to go down the Tunnel save by the stairs or the ele- vators, on pain of dire punishment for disobedience of orders. That, he de- cided, would take care of the situation. When the job was done, on time al- most to the minute, Josh went head fore- most back down the staircase to the motor. Slowly he eased it into speed —but no weight returned. He had ex- pected none. AFTER EIGHT HOURS of de- lirium of sorts, the Arachne was going again. But whither? She had lost her force-line, simply gone off her gravita- tional “trolley”, and had to get back onto some branch-line or other. Parsons explained it to the subdued, white-faced passengers. “We're—well if you’ve ever flown kites, and sent pieces of paper flying up the string to the kite, you understand our situation. We’re a paper that’s cut through and blown away. The space we traverse is filled with an immense number of ‘kite strings’—lines of gravitic force, in fact—stretching like a web beyond imagination between all the planets, stars, every heavenly body. Where we are now, my friends, we are among the webs from Earth to Mars, Mars to Earth, Venus to Jupiter. If 24 ASTOUNDING SCIENCE-FICTION we can swing onto gravitational force- lines between Venus and Jupiter, we can follow them back to the point at which they cross Earth-Mars lines, and make a shift and go on with our work. Just at the moment, we're in the doldrums. We’ve got to accept the situation. Play bridge. Get drunk. Make love. Do anything, but don't get panicky. We'll get by all right, and there is no longer any danger.” “You're lying!" said Mona McKel- lar. She was Jack Islip's girl, or had been. Now she had a bruise on her head and a bad case of jealous fury. “You know we haven't got a chance. We shouldn't believe the captain, any of us-" McNab entered the lounge, where the conversation was going on, in time to hear Jack Islip interrupt Mona McKel- lar. And Jack said, “Shut up!" -with a voice like the crack of a whiplash. “And if you don’t shut up, I'll bat your ears down!” Mary Purdy may not have been ex- actly a ladv at the moment, for she clapped her hands, audibly. And a man who didn’t matter much otherwise, spoke up and said: “Listen you," to Jack Islip, “you can't talk to a lady like that with me around." “Just what,” said Islip, “are you going to do about it? I'm responsible for this silly filly, and if she tries to start an- other panic on the Aracline, a kick in the teeth will do her good and save the situation!” “Why, you-” The stranger launched himself at young Islip. Young Jack, his face suddenly exalted, half rose and met the attacker with a right to the button that stretched him on the deck. Islip floated away to the far end of the lounge. The stranger danced away loosely, somewhat after the manner of a dropped dummy on its way down. McNab, coming in to report to the skipper that everything was all right, ran right into this situation. He made his report, stated that he was now en- route to his quarters, as previously ordered, where he would consider him- self under arrest until the Arachne re- turned to her home slip at New York. Parsons turned red and roared out, “There’ll be no malingering on the Arachne, Josh! No sleeping in state- rooms when there’s work to be done. So sleep what you need, but get back to work when you’ve had your share. Ah—and we’ll forget everything else. At least / will. I hope you will. And I ask the passengers to forget a lot of things they've heard.” “I'll never forget!” cried Mona Mc- Kellar. “Never! I’ll sue!” “What’s that?" yelled Jack Islip, drawing back his hand and advancing on his erstwhile sweetheart. She whim- pered and swam away hastily toward the reviving man Jack had knocked out. He held out his arms, very sympatheti- cally, to receive her. Thus was everybody satisfied, includ- ing Mona, who felt herself lucky to find a man at the exact moment of her need. VI. “JOSH McNAB,” said Skipper Par- sons, “you are an incorrigible old coot! I feel sure that you could have brought the Arachne to port without the slight- est bit of danger.” “Aye, sirr,” said Josh McNab. The two w'ere standing side by side in the control bridge. They sounded, if there had been any listeners to give the matter thought, like two people who had a very deep hatred for each other. Parsons' eyes were frosty, but McNab knew it was fake frost, somehow like the kind they made in Hollywood to save themselves the cost of trips to cold countries. McNab's eyes were twin- kling. “Can’t you say anything but ‘aye, sirr,’ McNab? You go along with me all these years, saying as little as pos- “HELL SHIP” 25 sible, yet you can cause more trouble and discombobulation than all the rest of the crew put together. Now, my theory of the whole business is this: you wanted to help Mary get her man back. And so, you turn my ship into a kind of Cupid’s kindergarten, and I'm not so sure I like it.” Josh McNab didn’t answer. He had learned long ago that Parsons had a quick mind, and that almost anything Josh said might conceivably be used against him—sometimes in embarrassing company. And this one he didn’t like. He couldn’t quite see himself as a naked Cupid with wings and a bow and ar- rows. The picture didn’t somehow fit in with his idea of Scotch dignity. Besides, if he talked much, Parsons was inclined to mimic his brogue. Josh didn’t especially mind that ordinarily, Parsons was terrible at it. So the less he said the less he’d have to account for when the final reckoning was in. And this talk of turning the Arachne into a Cupid’s kindergarten filled Josh with uneasiness. It came quite too close to the truth. He knew, officially, how he stood with Parsons. All right—or he wouldn’t be on the control bridge now, waiting for the Arachne to do her gentle “somer- sault” for the lowering away to Mars. The shift from the Jupiter-Venus force-lines to the Earth-Mars lines had taken place with no trouble whatever. Moreover, with the motor going great guns again, and the great density of the Jupiter-Venus lines they’d ridden a while, the eight hours were going to be made up. The Arachne would be warped into her Martian slip right on time. That was a great saving, for if she were not, she’d have to stand off Mars until the right city came under her as Mars revolved. The Arachne-type gravity ships went up or down, but they had to be towed to move sidewise. Thus the lost time, unless made up, could eas- ily double itself. However, that would not happen now. The gods of inter- planetary space were working with Josh McNab, Mary Purdy, Jack Islip, and. Skipper Parsons, to say nothing of the sturdy old Arachne. “Have I the captain’s permission to visit the bridge, sir ?” came a calm, clear voice. SKIPPER and Chief Engineer turned for a look. Without waiting for Parsons to give an affirmative answer, Mary stepped into the control room, followed by a sheepish Jack Islip. “It is against the rules, Miss Purdy,” said Parsons, “for passengers to step onto the control bridge. You will re- move yourself and your man Friday at once.” Jack Islip started back in some alarm. Mary snapped at him. “Stay where you are, Jack. The skip- per’s bark is far worse than his bite! With or without permission, Captain Parsons, I’m going to stick with the bridge through the somersault. When does it happen?” “Right away, Mary,” said Parsons. "And I am calling your attention to a rather obvious fact—obvious to anybody but a man in love, Jack Islip—that this young woman calmly overrides the au- thority even of an interplanetary Captain of a Caperton ship—the Arachne, no less. She rules the roost with calmness and complacency. So she will rule, I insist, in her home—which you will be deceived into believing, if you’re soft and a bit screwy, is also your home. It isn’t. Not at all. Mary will boss you and make you like it.” “I shall like it,” said Jack Islip defi- antly. “Then, my friend, you’re a gone gos- ling. Am I right, Josh McNab?” “Yon skipper is alway richt!” said McNab, in a voice which showed plainly that he actually thought the skipper never was. Parsons choked and his face got red, but he forgave Josh because he 26 ASTOUNDING SCIENCE-FICTION could see that he was outnumbered. “But ’ee’s a bit daft in his richtness, at times.” Parsons, having studied his charts a bit, and satisfied that he had reached about the right spot in space, stepped to his inter-level address microphone. Mc- Nab grinned and winked at Jack and Mary as Parsons straightened his uni- form and his body, as though, by speak- ing into the microphone, he were preen- ing himself before the eyes of a large bevy of admiring females. “Ladies and gentlemen,” he said, “it is now time to reverse ship and lower away for Mars. Will you be kind enough, for a few minutes, to hang onto something, while I about ship? I’ll give you five minutes to get set, no longer. Then, before you know it, the worst will be over, and we’ll be settling toward Mars instead of diving into it head foremost.” Josh McNab had dropped back to the Tunnel by the time Parsons had finished his speech. Mary and Jack Islip grabbed at what they could find—in- cluding each other. Parsons went back to his controls, and kept an eye on his watch. Mars looked to be above the ship. But in less time than it took to tell about it, Mars was below the ship, and the Arachne was crawfishing down the Martian lines of force. “It’s like shooting an arrow,” said Parsons, “that turns in the air and hits the target with the feather end. Now, to tell the passengers.” He stepped to the inter-level micro- phone again, barked : “Carry on, every- body. It won't be long now—thanks to Josh McNab and his black gang!” Which struck McNab as being pretty decent of the skipper, except that he was overdoing the coals to Newcastle, and making himself out a fine tolerant figure of a man. When he had Parsons alone he would point out this fact to him. As though Parsons didn’t know already! Ah, a bonnie lass and a fairish red- headed lad! They made a fine picture, standing there together, waiting for the Arachne to make port. THE TURN completed and the rotor humming smoothly as it eased the liner “down” to Mars, Josh returned to the bridge. “If ye gang to the belt prome- nade,” said Josh McNab, “ya maun see the helycopters coom oot to warrp the Arachne in.” Parsons grinned at him. “Go along, Josh, I know you like to watch it, too. Come to think of it, why should I miss it?” “With a’ th’ wimmin to wutch, skip- per, why should ye?” snapped Josh McNab. So the four rode down to the belt promenade, where Parsons could run the Arachne as well as anywhere else, and stood against the ports, looking down the bulge of the Arachne’s hull. “Yon they coom!” said Josh McNab. Mary spotted them, too. The other passengers also clung to the ports, to watch the coming of the helicopter tugs. They came like tiny sparrows, winging up to the Arachne. McNab's eyes glowed. So did Parsons’—though his dignity prompted him to try and look stern, unbending and unconcerned. For a few minutes longer the Arachne was the concern of McNab and Parsons —until the tugs fastened onto the hull. And McNab, never more conscious of the Arachne and his pride in her, looked up at the ceiling, above which were the passenger staterooms in their many and various shapes, their modern—reason- ably—serviceable beds, closets, beautiful furniture altogether. In the. eye of his mind he could peer up the narrow inside of the ship, threaded through its heart by the Tunnel and the Tunnel's intesti- nal investiture, and see each room, each section of his beloved ship. And in the ear of his mind, when he had made the mental journey, he could hear the whispering of the thrust-spread- “HELL SHIP” 27 ing girders, telling him that all was well. Also lie could see his crew, in the Tunnel, resting on their oars, so to speak, and filling the Tunnel with tall lies of how each of them in his own way had saved the Arachne and all her passen- gers from sure destruction in time of near-disaster. And then the helicopters were maneu- vering about the Arachne for position, and the ship was in the hands of her friends. The captain, in a word, had relinquished command to the pilot. Now there was nothing to do but wait. MARY STOOD by Josh until most of the passengers had debarked. Then she grabbed his ears, pulled him down and kissed him again. “Ye’re a grrrand mon, Josh!” she said softly, with stars in her eyes where he had seen so much misery. “Hey, you, Mary,” said Jack Islip, “what’s the idea of kissing that old coot when you could have me for the asking?” “And why, laddie,” said Josh McNab, to cover his embarrassment, “should yon laSsie be foorced to ask ?” Hand in hand, the two started for the exit. They stopped to permit Mona McKellar and her new swain to precede them. Mary giggled. Jack Islip un- ashamedly put an arm about her waist and squeezed. Josh McNab felt a slight reddening of his ears, and tried not to look at the skipper. Skipper Parsons snorted. “Cupid’31 kindergarten. Teacher McNab, shall w< go ashore ?” Josh had enough of being embar- rassed. It was time to embarrass some- one else. So he yelled to Jack and Mary, before all the passengers could get away, and there should be 110 one to hear. “There’s a bonnie meenister aroond th’ furrst corrner to th’ richt, Murry, Jock! Do ye see him at once, baith of ye, an’ tie the knocht befoor th’ next fight!” It fell flat. They didn’t get embar- rassed at all. They started on the run, after one swift glance at each other, “around the first corner t*> the right.” “Weel, anyhoo,” said Josh, sighing, “yon laddie didna try to kuss me!” “I noticed that, Josh,” said Skipper Parsons, “but they'll be going back with us, and I’ll suggest to Jack Islip that you felt hurt, slighted and snubbed that he did not.” Josh McNabb glared at Skipper Par- sons, and bit off his words as well as a Scotch engineer could. “I dinna doot ye’ll do it, sirr!” Parsons glared back. “And will you take it like a man and an engineer of the Caperton lines, as it is your duty to take whatever your captain hands out?” “Aye, sir, that I will; but I willna like it!’’ PROBAK L JUNIOR Try PROBAK Juniors— TwltPJ*!1 and make your shaving . ||H money go further, t our blades lor a dime—with eight of the keenest edges ever put on steel! \ No. wonder thrifty u * \ bujJers everywhere give SHAVING ED6CS I Probak Juniors out- /standing preference. 23 Jason Comes Home by A. B. L. Macfadyen, Jr. A boy sails out, trapped in an unmanned spaceship- A man, years later, sails back armed with a mighty weapon to sweep Earth clean again--■ The great beam swept across the planet, cleaning Earth of the green scum of living stuff. 1 2& SILENCE. It was the Northern Manitoba summer and heat lay heavy among the old pines of the thick wood, and flattened the water of the narrow creek. Fourteen years old, Jason Grant sent his little canoe cau- tiously up the creek, and wondered why he kept looking over his shoulder. Lake Athapap lay behind him. Ten miles away his father was perspiring on the beach in the hot sunshine. Jason wondered why a professor of physics should be so keen on finding pre-glacial Indianware that would disprove the orthodox view of the Mongolian origin 30 ASTOUNDING SCIENCE-FICTION of the early Americans. Jason didn’t mind ; vacationing in the wilds of Canada was much better than spending the hot summer among the canyons of Chicago. But this sudden silence worried him. Just half a mile back there had been mosquitoes humming noisily, and par- tridge shooting up among the trees, and once he had seen a jumping deer. Here, there was not a sound blit the water dripping from his paddle, and the sound of his own breathing. He didn't like it. He sniffed, lifting his brown face to the soft wind that stirred among the trees. There was some sort of alien smell to the place-- And that stuff on the trees—was that moss, or some sort of greenish slime? He put in to the side of the creek, and his hand went out to a patch of the stuff. He stopped that hand in mid-air. Tt was slime—nasty, viscous stuff like heavy bile. Jason—his father had not remotely suspected that one day his son would wander a stardust path infinitely wider than that of the Hunter of the Golden Fleece—went back to the middle of the stream. He felt safer there. Suddenly he wanted to go back. He murmured, “There’s something here I don't get,” and dipped to turn. But then a whiteness strewn among the trees a short distance up took his eye. He stared. He sent the little canoe shoot- ing forward. Excitement rose in him. Those looked like skeletons. Stepping distastefully among the dis- eased trees, he suddenly recoiled in hor- ror. They were not skeletons. They were things infinitely more hideous. Once they had been something like men, though with alien, abnormally heavy skulls and great, stooped shoulders. Now! The boy's stomach turned over in revulsion. It looked as if all the hone, all the hard, firm matter in the bodies, had run out like wax melting. These were flaccid bags of skin and fast-rotting flesh, flattened and loose and entirely revolting. Jason took a second glance and turned before he should vomit. The flash of sunshine on metal be- yond the thick trees caught his eye in turning. He stared. About a hundred feet away were patches of bright steel, seen between the obscuring, slime-hung trees. He hesitated. Then, lithe as a cat, he ran carefully between the high old pines. Not once did he touch the stained bark. The silence was thick and hot. Jason leaped nimbly over a deadfall. IT LOOMED above him now. It was vast and smooth and cylindrical and the boy had not the faintest idea what it was. Thick windows were fused into the metal sides. Trees had already begun to lace branches over it. The shining bulk was dim in the shadows. Jason decided to go around to the other side. But then he came to a strange, high doorway, perfectly round. The door to fill the aperture was a perfect disk, half rolled into a slit in the framework. He decided to look inside and climbed up over the rim. Within ten feet was another round portal. Beyond, he found a long corridor, silent and still. Lights set in the ceiling burned dimly, steadily. The boy wondered how long they had been burning. Jason shivered suddenly. He didn’t like the loolc of the corridor. Turning back to the door he noticed a little round light set into the wall. Experimentally, he fingered it. And beyond, the outer disk sighed and slid shut. A fraction of a second later, the inner disk closed, too. Jason bit his lip and fought down the panic which suddenly closed like a cold hand about his heart. He rubbed the light again. He twisted it. Nothing happened. Of course; there would be another light somewhere. He looked around, JASON COMES HOME 31 keeping his eyes away from the distant bend of the corridor. If anything came around that bend- He saw a panel in the wall opposite the closed door. Within were strange switches. One of them looked something like the light. He put his hand over it—and cried out. Far away in the depths, machines had suddenly come to life with oddly human screams. It brought the hair erect on the boy’s neck. An instant later the floor seemed to rise up and strike him as a tremendous acceleration made his legs like things of rubber. He lay for a moment, then struggled erect. He would have to go down that corridor. He started off, trembling and wide-eyed—and came to a window. Eagerly he looked out. The sight of the trees and the squirrels would help him to quiet- But he saw a blackness without end, a vast velvet backdrop for the infinite stars which were like a million cold eyes watching him. Only that he saw, and the blinding disk of a sun that seemed to shrink even as he watched. Only the stars and the Sun, and the silver- dust glory of the Milky Way, clear and sparkling beyond belief. Jason stared and stared, until his eyes were blurred with stars. Then he slid to the floor in the first faint of his life- THE BOY flattened against the doorway and stared into this great room at the heart of the speeding ship. His eyes were dazzled by a thousand flash- ing lights; his gaze was blurred by try- ing to follow a hundred spinning things at once. Here were the machines which were sending the great craft flicking through the emptiness beyond the Solar System. And there was not a single living thing to tend to them. It was a week after he had unwittingly thrown the ship into space. After the first terrible shock, Jason had rallied. Room by room, corridor by corridor, he had slipped through the hurtling vessel, expecting at any instant to be discov- ered by living replicas of the beings whose boneless bodies he had found among the trees. He had found nothing living—noth- ing but a tiny red squirrel which still eluded him. He had searched until he was dead with weariness. The ramifica- tions of the great ship seemed endless; he had lost his w:ay, gone in circles, countless times. He judged that it was two days later when he found the storerooms close to the keel of the ship. He had eaten his fill of the strange synthetic foodstuffs; some of them had made him violently sick. He had gone on, exploring the upper decks, the living quarters- There were a thousand things he did not understand. He walked in a per- petual wonder, bothered by a fear of the unknown that was not to leave him for many months. Even now, staring into the flashing color and motion of the power plant, he kept looking back over his shoulder. Cautiously now, he went into the vast room, weaved among the towering, humming bulks until he came to the center. Here w:as an enormous thing. A vast hemisphere of thick, trans- parent metal housed gleaming motion. Jason pressed against the glassy sur- face. His father had taught him ele- mentary physics thoroughly, but this meant nothing to him—yet. There was a coruscating point of light, so small it was almost invisible. He could not bear to look at it. Great, slow-moving arms of reddish radiance weaved from it, like sucking arms, moving with a curious impression of titanic, chained power. Jason moved away. He jumped sud- denly. Something had stirred in the doorway. Then he saw it was only the. squirrel and tried to smile, tried to call to it. But he could not speak. Slowly, because the acceleration still made his body leaden, the boy moved 32 ASTOUNDING SCIENCE-FICTION out of the engine room. It was time to eat again. For a moment he saw the full horror of his plight. He could wander forever. Nothing to do, day after day, but eat. For years—then he would die—sleep after a living death locked here- He began to cry, great tears rolling one by one down his face. On the following day he found the library'. It was a small, book-lined room be- hind the control room. There were ta- bles, and a queer machine in one corner with headsets and an audio speaker. Jason took down some of the books. He opened one, turning the thin metal pages, looking at the strange script, and the alien, oddly frightening diagrams. In one book he found nothing but pictures. They were scenes of terrible war. frightful carnage and blood. They showed squat, big-headed creatures bat- tling nameless monsters with flames— green, thin flames. Or strange suns and stranger planets with green skies, under which white roads carried cu- rious machines, speeding. Jason put the hooks back. He didn’t like them. He went to the machine in the corner. Among other things, there was a headset, and a light that glowed above a screen. He put on the headset, wondering, and played with the switches. Nothing happened. He put a book on the screen, under the light, wondering why he did it. Then he tried the knobs again. Jason froze suddenly. A voice was whispering in his brain: “Translating these equations into words, the ratio of the concentration of H plus in the two acids at the same dilution is the square root of the dissociation constants-” Jason looked around wildly. The room was empty. The voice went on. He snatched the book from under the light. The voice stopped. The machine had converted the un- known script into English! Jason, that lithe boy, stared around at the book-lined walls. What secrets, what knowledge, must be here! And here was a translating machine. Could he learn enoucjh to find his zvay back to Earth? JASON GRANT, eighteen, mur- mured in Sirnian: “Who was it father used to rave about—Dirac? Something about space being an infinite sea of nega- tive energy—not convertible to work. Tiny fragments raised to positive energy levels became electrons and could be detected by the work they did. The hole left was a positron—which is why they only exist for a fraction of a second. “The Sirn had the same idea, but en- larged it to include all atomic particles! Protons, neutrons, inertrons—which are unknown to Earth. Matter is thus formed of particles of positive energy, loaded with potential work. Reduce it to negative energy levels—and all that work is freed ! What an idea!” There was a half smile of wonder on his wide lips as he leaned his powerful body against the transparent housing of the main power unit and watched that ineffable spark in the heart of the twist- ing beams of pure power. He shifted slightly. Muscles like steel cords rip- pled under the green tunic. The con- stant acceleration—twice Earth’s gravity —had built those sinews. Jason, with Pete, the squirrel, on his shoulder, looked around the now- familiar bulks of the other machines in the great engine-room. Now, barely four years after that unwitting boy sent himself hurtling into deep space, he knew them as well as he had ever known his old outboard motor. There were the air-conditioners, the integrator, ranked transformers and generators and accumulators, banked feeders for the great cannon. It had been slow, tedious and heart- breaking work, the gaining of that knowledge. His father had taught him JASON COMES HOME 33 much physics, even some calculus. But the strange metal books of the Sirn, with their weird script and even weirder diagrams, had been the advanced refer- ence texts of the picked crew which had manned the scout. Jason had begun at the end of sci- ence. Calculus, tensors, matrices, de- terminants—he had struggled with those summits of mathematics before he could solve a simple quadratic or prove the binomial theorem. He had plunged into a theory of atomic structure a thousand years ahead of terrestrial ideas before he understood a simple static generator. Then slowly the chips of darkness fell away, and confidence came. Day after day, month after month, he studied. There was nothing else to do. Within the first week he had finished his ex- ploration of the ship. Nothing to do, as the great silent vessel leaped on through the interstellar wastes, and the miles lengthened into light years, but delve deeper and deeper into the books of the Sirn. And they worked direct on the mind—indelibly. "The Sirn.” Leaning there against the plant housing, Jason whispered the name to the squirrel chattering on his wide shoulder. That was what, in their own language, the beings who had built and manned this ship called themselves. The Sirn. It made Jason think of shad- owed valleys, and snakes rising beneath the moon. He whispered, for the hundredth time: “But why were they there, among the trees, with the door open and the ship empty? Why had they come? What happened to them?” HE SHRUGGED, nearly dislodging Pete. He turned and strode away to the small but perfectly equipped astro- nomical observatory in the bow of the great scout. He felt sure it was a scout. The books spoke of other craft sent to other systems. There, at the controls of the great electronic telescope, he scanned space, as was his habit, for several minutes. Endlessly, he watched for the Sun—for the most bitter thought, the thing which turned sour all his new powers, new learning, was this: He still did not re- motely know where he was. A month after that frightened boy had resolved, somehow, to get home, he had, recklessly enough, managed to reverse all the controls. The great ship should have doubled back on her tracks exactly, but the months had passed and no sign of his own Sun appeared. Desperate, fearful of traveling hopelessly beyond the Solar System, Jason had locked the controls and set the ship in what he had hoped was a great curving path. But now, four years later, he was quite lost. There were charts. But the Simian charts oriented with respect to the sys- tem of the Sirn. Since he did not know either its position or his own, he could not calculate a course on their basis. The Sun, he remembered from his fath- er’s talks, was a Class G Yellow. In the great charts of the Sirn there were five thousand Class G Yellows. Many lifetimes to search them all- He turned away from the screen showing the infinitely remote, cold sil- very eyes of the stars—never yet had he seen a planet—and ran off a few spectro- grams of nearer stars, for practice. A few minutes later he was studying the still-damp prints—yard-long strips of thin metal, crossed with thousands of dark lines. Abstractedly, he measured a few lines with the photo-electric micrometer, and entered the data in the charts. In the charts- Jason, eyes widening, whispered sud- denly: “That’s it! Why didn’t I think? They've got the fingerprints of every star within a dozen light years—includ- ing their own! I can pick out their sun by its spectrum! Why—no, I can’t do it with our Sun—haven’t the data. But I can find the Sirn’s, head for their 34 ASTOUNDING SCIENCE-FICTION system—and land and ask where this scout was heading for!” The youth’s eyes glowed. Hastily he riffled through the charts, then stepped to the spectograph files. In a minute the spectrum of the Sirnian primary was in his hands. He slipped it under the selector of the telescope, and set the tremendously powerful eye scan- ning space in all directions. When the cross hairs centered on a star whose dark lines coincided exactly with those on that spectograph, the telescope would halt and signal him. And no two stars had the same spectrum. TWENTY, Jason Grant sat in rub- ber cushions before the main electronic screen and studied a small white star almost in the center of the field. He smiled wryly. Two years. The home star of the Sirn had been even farther than he had thought. Only after many long weeks of patient scanning of the millions visible had the telescope picked out that unimportant-looking Class F White. He murmured to Pete—now a little slower and a little grayer: “And what if they don't like us, friend? They’ll let us land—their own ship—but when they see who’s in it, what then? Maybe they’ll think we’ve pinched it-” He crossed to the controls of the ten millimeter transmitter—a set which, housed in a perfect vacuum, w'as capable of flashing signals across distances up to half a light year, with a velocity many times that of radio. He knew how, too —the books of the Sirn had told him. Electric waves, retarded by a static gravity field, were accelerated by a synthetic, spinning one, much as deu- terons were accelerated by a rotating magnetic field. He threw current into the great heat- ers. Iridium filaments seemed to vanish under the enormously high frequencies •—bordering on the visible band—being impressed on them. He punched out a general call on the now-familiar symbols on the keys of the teletype. Then, leaving the circuit of the re- ceiver closed, he went away to the li- brary. FIVE MONTHS later the white star was an enormously brilliant point on the main screen. A day later he plunged in past the orbit of the sixth planet, then on the far side of the sua. Heading directly toward the fifth planet, Jason reflected with rising ex- citement that this was almost as good as being home again. Home! There was an inexpressible longing within him. He thought of the green fields and windy hills of Earth, and lakes calm in the heat, and the traffic on Michigan Boule- vard at five o’clock in the afternoon when the shadows were rising up the sides of the buildings- He sighed, muttered, “I’ve got to get back,” and turned his attention to the controls. The fifth planet became a disk with unnerving rapidity. Jason worked fu- riously at the switches. He lacked prac- tical experience of the problems of work- ing in the confines of a system. The ship slid rapidly at the greenish planet. The misty sphere leaped alarmingly about 011 the screen. It was no use. Jason gave it a wide berth. He had too much velocity. He leaped past the planet like a flash of sunlight. For an instant there were seas and continents on the screen, and he reached hurriedly for the controls of the automatic cameras. As the scout flicked on toward the fourth planet, sunward, he ran the films through the developing tanks and pro- jected the positives on a viewing screen. The best plate showed part of a city. Even with the highest power of the telescopic camera he had been unable to get much detail. But still, even if pedestrians were invisible, aircraft should have been seen. They were not. JASON COMES HOME 35 Jason studied the faintly greenish, toy- sized buildings on the white screen, and felt disquiet stir in his mind. It was an empty city. He sighed faintly and went back to the controls. He had better luck with the fourth planet. He managed to circle it within its own atmosphere. Seas, here, too— the Sirn had not sent scouts to find more habitable worlds. And continents and islands—quite like home, except that there seemed to be no cities whatever, and little vegetation. He did not drop lower than a mile. From that altitude he decided that the greenish aspect everywhere evident was due to some characteristic of the sunlight. Curious. He went on to the next planet, the third. But it was a duplicate of the fourth. Jason wondered about the possibility of landing and exploring further. He de- cided against it. He would search the system for living, talking beings. He murmured, “What the devil—is this the Sirn system, or not? If that confounded selector has picked the wrong sun-” and leaped away to the inner two planets. A few hours later, utterly and com- pletely baffled, he was lancing out through the system again, heading for the sixth planet. Of the two inner planets, one was long since airless and scorched to ash. The other, to him, seemed habitable, but it was quite empty of life. Jason sighed, and his brows knotted in worry. To have come this distance on a fruitless chase- He watched his last chance grow rapidly on the screen. A clear thousand million miles from the Sirnian sun, Planet Six yet received sufficient heat from that white primary to make it appear green and comfortable according to Earthly standards. Rip- ping in through the atmosphere, Jason studied glinting seas of emerald, and the slow-moving white clouds with pleasure AST—3 mixed with high anxiety. If this world proved empty- He dropped quite low and sped to the temperate zone. It was full daylight here and the land was green in the sun- shine. A trifle too green, perhaps. A disturbing thought was beginning to tug at Jason when suddenly faint distant outlines of high spires, buildings, appeared out upon the horizon. Eagerly he set his course for them. He mur- mured to Pete: “If there's nobody in sight, I'll land anyway. They must have libraries, records-” A HIGH-PITCHED whistle broke off his words. He spun. The radio, silent these past months, had suddenly awakened! He reached out and shut off the signal note as a deep voice sud- denly filled the room. Sirnian ! “Turn, stranger, turn and flee!” the voice rang out. “Know that the very air of this planet is most foully and hideously tainted. Instantly, if you wish to stay alive, rise beyond our atmos- phere! You will still hear me,” Jason, who had frozen in amaze- ment, hesitated, then shot the scout into the heavens until the barometer regis- tered zero pressure. After a minute the voice went on. “Have you heeded me? I cannot tell, I am not observing your ship. I who speak am already dead. My recorded voice is reaching you on the waves of an automatic transmitter, set to radiate whenever a craft comes within a thou- sand miles of this planet. I may be too late even now, depending upon your speed. “Listen, then, to what I have to say: “I am the last living thing in this solar system. I leave this record on the tape with my dying breath. This is the planet of the Sirn, most advanced race in this system. We held out against the Swarm while lesser races melted in death. “It was a bare twenty years ago that 38 ASTOUNDING SCIENCE-FICTION the Swarm was first seen, a dark cloud against the stars. The curve of the great cloud—of dust, as we thought—was plotted. It was found to intersect the course of our system. Ships were sent, to explore the cloud. They never came back. “Then the cloud, the Swarm, appar- ently as harmless as dust on a summer’s day, rushed down upon these planets. Four, first to meet it, was swallowed, then appeared again. And not one trace of life could our most powerful telescopes discover on it. Vegetation, low animal life, had been utterly wiped off the sur- face of the world. “For that Swarm, that hellish dark cloud, was a vast horde of ultra-micro- scopic bacteria spores, driven by the enormous radiation-pressure of cosmic rays! ‘'Plotting their path back into the depths of space, our astronomers deter- mined their origin. In some dark, abiogemic manner, they had come into existence in the black heart of a colossal calcium cloud near G-883, some five thousand light years distant. And in that fact lay the explanation of their car- nal appetites. “Calcium was essential to their metab- olism ! Calcium—the principal mineral ingredient of animal bone and insect shell! Entering the atmosphere, the spore walls rupture, and the nameless contents emerge, to take on their in fernal and eternal hunt for calcium! In the heat of our system, germination takes place with abhorrent speed. Our at- mosphere is rank with the things. "Their pathological effect on living things is a matter of seconds. The internal bones, calcium drained from their very hearts, slump instantly into things of jelly; the body becomes a bag of skin. Life lingers. Then the skull crumples and flows like water. "Useless to detail the thousand at- tempts we made to defeat the horror. All ordinary measures were worthless. These bacteria are utterly immune to every extreme of heat and cold, pres- sure, or environment. They have no natural enemies whatever, and their size —approximating that of the virus— makes hermetical sealing almost im- possible. “We have sent scouts to neighboring systems, notably to the nearest, G-458, but they have not returned. We fear the ships were infected. “So beware, stranger! Seal your ship! Do not venture out, but flee instantly beyond the confines of this lost system!” THE DEEP VOICE snapped off abruptly, and there was only the distant hum of the generators. Jason, his fea- tures strained by the frightful recital, buried his head in his hands. It was curious, but there was for a moment only one thought in his head: none here could indicate Earth on the charts, he could never venture out. Then full realization of what the other had said filtered through his gloom: “What an ass I am! I’ll wager ‘G-458’ was the Sun!” He lifted his head then, and tensed his legs to leap for the door. And saw Pete’s tiny body 011 the floor not five feet away, with all the bones in his body like wax, still living faintly, and a greenish slime already rising- Jason uttered a single terrible cry. He saw greenish slime form swiftly on the plaster of the walls. He sent his craft leaping away—anywhere—from that in- fested world. Then with horror prick- ling on his skin, he tore down the corri- dor. And did not stop until the full length of the ship was between himself and the control room. I11 a tiny electrical storeroom, with the door sealed by vacuum wax, he mut- tered, "Poor Pete! The damnable things must have seeped in through the bow there—I’ve suspected that place was leaking. And the walls—the walls are plastered! Calcium carbonate! Oh, JASON COMES HOME 37 Lord! They’ll be through the entire ship in a few hours. What am I going to do?” He applied more wax to the door and walls. Used in sealing vacuum joints, it would keep out even the ultra-micro- scopic bacteria. But once they got to the stores—those calcium-laden vege- table concentrates—and the walls, car- bonated calcium oxide! Even now a tide of greenish slime was probably swelling down some distant corridor. Slime! Where had his thoughts been? In- credibly enough, it was only then that the memory of a forest hung with green- ish, viscous stuff like heavy bile came back to Jason. He saw again five alien things lying boneless on the edge of a creek in Northern Manitoba. He groaned, “What a blind fool! This ship must have carried spores trapped on the outside hull when they went to Earth! They would germinate instantly 011 land- ing, and trap the crew when they ven- tured out." He paced around the small room in restless strides. “It’s been six years - Old Earth—are you holding out? Let me think—let me think—there must be something they haven't developed im- munity toward, something they’ve never dealt with. He said all ordinary germi- cides and bacteriophages were useless. Space is their habitat. What never exists in space?” ALMOST INSTANTLY the answer came: “An electric current!” Jason stopped as if he had been struck. That was the answer! But how? Impossible to apply a minute jolt to each deadly germ- He needed a spray of electricity. Charged dust particles—particles of steam—no, ions! Ions—charged atoms which would dis- charge 011 touching the loathsome ba- cilli, annihilating them with minute charges of static electricity. Could he fil! the ship with ionized air? He could. Jason took a small emergency spacesuit from a hook. He began to plaster it with the vacuum wax. He would have to walk a hundred feet to the air purifiers in the great engine room. Fortunately the wax was a hydrocarbon, not a calcium compound. Unless the hellish motes smelled him through it- His skin prickled and his toes shrank from contact with the floor. Jason went hastily down a corridor whose walls were festooned with creepers of green slime. Already it seemed that most of the calcium had been stripped right out of the plaster, leaving the other consti- tuents to evaporate as carbon dioxide. Bare steel frames showed. At any instant he expected his bones to go viscid and soft. The engine room—walled in steel— was almost free of the green mucous. Jason sealed the door with wax and went to work. Ionizing a gas, on Earth, was accomplished in a restricted way by discharging an electric current through it, or by ultra-violet irradiation. The Sirn removed the ion electrons di- rectly and completely with electric fields ; stable ions were produced in prodigious quantities. An hour later Jason was clamping huge electrodes about the great cylinder of the primary air purifier. He closed a switch. The steel of the conduit began to tremble. A distant crackling began, like lightning heard far away. The sound came nearer and nearer. Those were ions, discharging on walls and on —bacteria ? Jason tilted his head back within his helmet and stared at a patch of green on the plaster ceiling. Slowly, reluctantly, that patch faded to dust gray, then fell in tiny flakes to the floor. Jason hurriedly took a sam- ple, and examined it under an ultra- microscope. Just—husks. Weak in the legs, he collapsed into a seat near the power plant. 38 ASTOUNDING SCIENCE-FICTION AS G-458—a Class G Yellow which could only be the Sun—separated out of the silver-dust background on the green, Jason Grant worked long and intently on a great projector. The puls- ing spark in the heart of the power unit would furnish him with almost un- limited power—enough to pluck old Earth from her orbit and throw her crashing against other worlds, if he wanted to. He was trying to project the ionizing field as a great beam. Computation showed that it was possible, but the practical difficulties seemed endless. It was to be done simply by varying the relative positions of the electrodes, lengthening the fields. But that in- creased the field density in the neigh- borhood of the electrodes—where he did not want it. And he had found that his success before had been largely luck. The tiny slayers were themselves coated with a wax that insulated against most ions. Only the intense, activated-nitro- gen atoms that had accompanied his ions had served to break down the waxy, otherwise-insulating shell. But he achieved a beam which satis- fied him a brief day before the scout streaked in past Pluto's orbit, and cut space toward the inner planets. In passing, he studied the four major planets. He had never seen them at such range before. Jupiter was a vast ball of ice, Neptune and Uranus even more frigid. Possibly there was life— he saw color changes on great Jupiter. All seemed free of the calcium bacilli. Mars was a distant red ball of deserts and scattered tiny seas. He caught a brief glimpse of a tiny distant city, glow- ing faintly near the north pole. He did not stop. There was that vast longing in him to see Earth again, to walk the hills of home—coupled with the black thought that he might be too late. He was. He came screaming in through the thick air of his mother world exactly six years and nine months after, help- lessly trapped, he had fled out through it like a shard of light. Dropping to five thousand feet, he circled the planet again and again, until the outer hull glowed faintly in protest. London—Paris—New York—Berlin. America—Europe—Asia—cold Siberian wastes—everywhere- Tiny Pacific islands, and ships at sea, and trains stopped in the heart of deserts. He went, and look and searched. And everywhere the buildings were slumped, only steel frames standing. Everywhere the streets were empty of life, silent reaches strewn with debris of buildings and rusted surface traffic. Everywhere the greenish slime of the calcium bacteria. Black murder in his heart , Jason Grant drove away to the north. At the exact tip of Earth’s axis, two hun- dred miles high in the thin twilight air, he snapped on his great ion beam. Down, down through that space the colossal conical shaft spread, turning air molecules to blue-glowing ions, and draining electrons back up and into the accumulators as negative electricity. Around the cone a wavering lemon-yel- low flame of activated nitrogen streamed upward, stripping the bacteria of protec- tion, letting the killing ions reach them. Its base rested on the frozen Artie Sea, and that base was five hundred miles wide. Face pale and set, Jason sent the scout spinning in a slow, tight spiral about Earth. Slowly, day by day he crawled through the thin air, tracing an over- lapping path about the world, sweeping with his broom of ions and yellow nitrogen flame the green-festooned sur- face of Earth. And after his passage the green slime crumbled to gray dust, and blew away in the wind which roared in the wake of that great beam. Gray dust—empty husks without life—fragments of cal- cium that gathered in great clouds JASON COMES HOME 39 A	SINGLE-EDGE _ UK. BLADES 4f»r10< FOR GEM AND EVER READY RAZORS S^els80 4 f ° U8M', ST*1*** £ Uro<>HynC‘irl'Jon. I sch^cH ialau6b nflf7 nio6 *°c 5||/ itt ia°9‘ f X against the Sun. In ten days lie was finished. Not a single cell escaped his all-penetrating beam. SO THE WORK was done—but the world remained empty. Dullv, unseeing, Jason Grant sent the scout gliding slowly through the washed, pure air toward California. He set it down on a hill swept by the wind. A hill already greening with new grass. For the first time he stepped out into the sunshine and air of his home planet. Home! He took a deep breath of the clear air, and his lips twisted wryly. The word mocked him. Home—to an empty world. He lay down on the cool grass. The sun began to draw the weariness from his body. In a few minutes he was sound asleep. After a while he seemed to be dream- ing. He was flying through space with- out suit or ship. Ahead was a single green planet. He had to reach that planet before it died. It seemed to be dying even as he watched it, and sud- denly he was running over a green meadow with enormous horrors pursu- ing him. They were giant, alien bac- teria. The foremost reached his ankles, tugged at them, shook his shoulder- Jason Grant’s eyes came open. There was a girl over him. Her hands were on his shoulder. She was laughing and crying and trying to speak at the same time. Her clothes were torn but she was dark and lovely. Beyond, racing up the hill, were five men and two other women. One of the men had silvery- white hair that shone in the sunlight. “How did you do it, how did you do it!” the girl was saying. “Oh, this is wonderful, this is—oil-” Jason blinked. This was not the dream. This was real. He reached out. His strong hand touched her arm. He said, “I thought everybody was dead 011 all the planet-” “We’re from Mount Wilson,” she managed to say. “The bacteria reached 11s last—we managed to seal them out of the domes. We've been living there for- And then we saw the ship, and saw the bacteria die, and we’ve been trying to catch you ever since. We saw you land—Mount Wilson is just a few —the road, I mean—and we had the cars-- Here are the others!” All talking at once, the others panted up the hill. The man with the white hair put out his hand: “Magnificent! How did you do it ? That beam-• Where did you get the ship?” Jason suddenly smiled. Strength and new courage came racing back to him. There might be other observatories which had escaped. The world was clean and new. They could build again. Standing there on the wind-swept hill, lie began to tell them. 40 FOOD FOR THE Martian Colony Dead The Emergency Relief Expedition found the colony on Mars dead to the last man. Dr. Dexter described the scene with difficulty. All deaths, he said, had taken place with acute phys- ical and mental anguish While death was attributable to starvation and exposure to the strange effects of the distant planet, he pointed out that toxic poisoning and psycho- logical fear had shattered the colony’s morale to such extent that ordinary physical and emotional stamina was at extremely low ebb. Terse comments in the colony logbook showed the bitter, losing struggle of the scientists and miners during final weeks. Food was getting low when they saw the explosion of the first relief ship in space, but they grimly battled depression and carried on their work. With the unexplained disappearance of the sec- ond relief ship their spirits fell precip- itously, but they holed up, conserving heat and oxygen and energy. The real breakdown of moral fibre came with the peculiar, inexplicable cessation of interplanetary communica- tion. Shattering the last remnants of self-control, the colony fell under the terrible depressive spell of complete de- tachment from Earth and the knowledge that they might be marooned forever. Supply books, kept right up until the end, show a sharp rise of food and oxy- gen consumption after that jarring re- alization. Had the immediately previ- ous rate of consumption been main- tained, at least some of the expedition might have survived to witness the ar- rival of Dr. Dexter’s relief party. Human Difficulties Stop Venus Development Professor Dietz reported at least six precious minerals could be mined al- most on the very surface of Venus. The difficulties, he said, are not mechanical, but human. The peculiar properties of the planet have the immediate effect of disorienting the human body to an ex- tent producing extreme nervous disor- ders within seventy-two hours. “It would require at least ten years— very possibly two generations—to orient Earthman to Venusian conditions,” he announced. “It would be absolutely im- possible to transport sufficient supplies to maintain a colony for that period if human beings could withstand the utter loneliness and peculiar conditions of the planet for that period.” Questioned as to the possibilities of raising food synthetically on Venus, the aged scientist shook his head negatively. Something along the order of artificial culture might be done, he said, but the food would not meet the complete needs of man under strange conditions for such periods of time. He pointed out that even on Earth it is necessary for man to live on fauna and flora funda- mentally indigenous to the locality. The scientist himself had been aged unbelievably by the trip. He estimates that during his eight-month absence from Earth he aged about twenty years nervously and forty years muscularly. Space Neurosis Halts Lunar Work The World Interstellar Development Project announced today that further plans for the conquest of near-by bodies in space have been discontinued. While FIRST PLANET Thomas Calvert McClary suggests that reaching the planets may not be half so hard for Man as living on those planets. '*. . . Relief Expedition reports Martian colony dead to the last mati. Fear, Izck of food and oxygen ended the bifter losing struggle. . . 42 ASTOUNDING SCIENCE-FICTION vast deposits of vital minerals were dis- covered on the Moon, this is the eighteenth expedition to return empty- handed. "We have found no means of over- coming what we may loosely term space neurosis,” Secretary Davis stated. “Ap- parently, the orientation of the human body to foreign conditions is not feasible at present.” Chief Engineer Thompson pointed out that throughout history, development has been possible only with a backbone of agriculture. He mentioned various diamond, gold and silver mines, known to be rich, which have been abandoned because of the difficulty of getting men to live in uncivilized areas for extensive periods of time. “The only solution to the problem,” he said, “is planet farming. Give men a means of adapting themselves to life on foreign planets and real development will follow.” WE DO NOT have to go wholly into the future to surmise what will be the greatest problem of instellar develop- ment. We have the word of history. In no area on Earth at any time in known history has there been progress and development without the background ; of a self-sustaining local agriculture. The really great bonanzas—the gold, silver, diamond and mineral strikes— have been few. The vast majority have been skimmed and abandoned before real proof of their unmined wealth. Of tho.se mines profitably operated, most have been on slave labor—real slavery, or economic slavery. For one reason or another, men who actually worked the mines were forced to do so. No real development, that is no actual production of new wealth and a sus- tenance of population, has grown around or followed the mineral strikes—except where agriculture advanced simultane- ously. Eliminating this latter group and giving any nominal cash value to hu- man life, raw gold has cost very nearly its refined value in the long run. It is probable that more real wealth has come from timber than from gold. It is certain that where vast tracts of straight timber once stood greater de- velopment followed the stripping than where the earth is dotted with petered- out mines. Agriculture followed—pro- gressed hand in hand with—timber strip- ping. This is not to say that mining is not necessary. But it bears a heavy cost, and nobody has estimated the ultimate costs when mines are worked out. Min- ing produces no security for the miner. W'hen the mine peters out he must move on to find other work, or become de- pendent upon other workers. Take note that it was not the gold of ’49 which made California one of the wealthiest areas on Earth. It was agri- culture, the actual development of the land. It was people moving there to live. In northern Rhodesia, today, are im- mense mineral deposits—many of them known and surveyed. There is room and mineral wealth there for literally millions of men and women. But there is also the tsetse fly, bringing death and sleeping sickness over sixty per cent of the rich country. Cures for sleeping sickness have been discovered, but no preventative for man or man’s domestic animals has been found. In short, no farming in that area is yet possible. Working mines three months a year and a farm nine might be profitable for all concerned. But why not work the mine twelve months? Cli- mate has much to do with that. And something more. It would be expensive building a railroad simply to bring sup- plies in and move the ore out for a hand- ful of mines alone! So expensive there would be no profit, and at best, living conditions would not be pleasant. FOOD FOR THE FIRST PLANET 43 But picture that same railroad serving many farms along its route. And the commerce between farmers. Towns spring up, the wilderness is pushed back; there is trade and profit and develop- ment. Mines, farms, supply towns, rail- road. all suddenly produce wealth. In the assurance of being able to produce a subsistence for themselves, some frontier farmers also make strikes and become rich. EFFORTS to combat the tsetse problem were made by Wynant Davis Hubbard. While the fly slaughtered domestic animals after each rain, and there appeared no way to control or ex- terminate the fly, the wild life of the area lived immune. . Hubbard started crossing wild animals with domestic stock. He crossed Herefords with the savage Rhodesian wild buffalo, and Po- lands with the bush pig. He tamed elephant, lions, the forty- pound Rhodesian cat. Only the local cat could defend itself against the wild animals of the district. Rhodesian mice and rats destroy more crops than all the locusts put together. Bit by bit, he was successful. His cat- tle herds were tractable and began to produce high quality beef and milk. Cross-bred pigs began to show signs of heavy pork. Pet lions and tamed wild dogs acted as watch dogs—and learned to leave domestic stock alone. The tsetse came and as usual killed off the innoculated domestic cattle—but the cross-bred cattle maintained the im- munity of their wild forebears. The example would have application at home. Take the hoof-and-mouth epi- demic among Western cattle. The wild bison and deer which once roamed the plains had no trouble of this sort. The hoof-and-mouth disease was finally con- quered among domestic cattle—by slaughtering all the cattle that had or had been near diseased animals. Modern man is not as intelligent about some matters as his uncivilized forebears. It is only within recent years that he thought of cultivating blackber- ries, blueberries, strawberries. For years, a great many thought Luther Burbank was crazy. In spite of all our knowledge and mediums for the dis- semination of information, you still find thousands of otherwise-intelligent farm- ers struggling to raise some foreign plant where it will not flourish, while they de- stroy an indigenous plant which might be cultivated to commercial uses. It is well established among drinking men that the liquor to drink in any given locality is liquor made from plants native to that soil and climate. If you want to keep your broad-minded, but conservative, grandfather from seeing pink elephants in the tropics you don’t serve him beer. You serve rum. A good glass of Irish whiskey which would serve to stave off chill and cold on the Emerald Isle would probably knock you into a cocked hat in the middle of the Sahara. When the time comes that Earthtnan roams the interstellar spaces, the big problem is going to be food and farming on foreign planets. Take Mars, with its minus 60 temperature and exceedingly rare atmosphere, so rare that the high- est reaches of our stratosphere yet con- quered have atmosphere one hundred times as dense. Man will stand the cold without dif- ficulty. Mars is exceedingly dry and 60 below zero is not uncomfortable in a dry climate. Twenty miles out of New York City the mercury has dipped nearly that low several times in recent years. Forty below is not unusual in the West. The Byrd Antarctic Expedi- tions lived for many months with tem- peratures ordinarily around that—and men skied without shirts on calm days! BUT SOMETHING has bothered all expeditions into our polar wastes. 44 ASTOUNDING SCIENCE-FICTION Diet. Even with every aid and all the knowledge of modern science, a slowly cumulative depression has usually over- taken men. In the Antarctic there are no natives for comparison, but in the Arctic the native Eskimo is a happy, in- telligent human who lives largely on blubber and raw meat. White men vis- iting those regions have tried the near- est possible cooked diets. Where their diets were short on fruit and vegetable juices, they developed scurvy. Where their diets were as well rounded for their particular bodies as science could manage, they still were overcome by a gradual nervousness, or seriousness, which is not inherent to the natives of the polar area. This has a very definite significance. The civilized scientist with his scientific diet is not as efficient a mechanism, in comparison, as the native Eskimo under polar conditions. Many generations have oriented the Eskimo to his bleak surroundings and theoretically wrong diet. Probably several generations would be necessary for white men from the south to orient themselves to the Eskimo diet. But even where white men have lived in the same regions for many generations, they do not surpass the Eskimo in intelligence and stamina to the extent which might be expected. The first Earthmen to visit other plan- ets will have a vastly greater orienta- tion to go through. For many decades, their required work will be prodigious. It. is not likely that foods which served them on Earth will completely meet the requirements of strange climates and in- tangible effects. It may be necessary for them to spend many years for ori- entation alone, and men other than sci- entists will not do this for achieve- ment alone. •The only inducement to bring colo- nizers to planets will be a chance at fortune plus a backbone of self-sus- tenance—-the opportunity to continue ex- istence and family line if something goes wrong; the opportunity to build and develop the planet if things go right. At the outset, food has a triple value: to give men energy to work under tre- mendous changes; the guarantee of life and not starvation if contact with Earth is broken; the development, not the stripping, of the planet. Food supplies, of course, will be car- ried. But we do not think these foods alone will meet physical and mental re- quirements. There is probably a plant life of some sort on most planets, but the human body will require time to orient itself to the digestion of.such plants. The answer is tank agriculture, the artificial production of Earth foods on other planets, combined with adaption of planet foods to Earth palates. Man will have the diet he is used to while learning to use planet food. Slowly and moderately he will eat a little more of the feed native to the planet which will, to some extent, compensate for the stag- gering body drains of a strange mode of life. In event that communication with Earth is lost for a time, man will be safe, have at least the requirements of living. How vital this matter of emergency living is, may be imagined from our own Antarctic. Expeditions visiting these wastes, with all their radios, airplanes, complete apparatus for communication and transportation, prepare themselves to withstand four years of marooned life, though planning only a two-year stay. How much greater the chance that early planet expeditions may be cut off for a generation or more! IT IS PROBABLE that there is flora on Mars. If there is animal life also, it is, in Earth measurements, al- most motionless. The slowest of the sloths would be comparative lightning. It has either immense lungs or some breathing apparatus so efficient we can- not imagine its workings. It is living FOOD FOR THE FIRST PLANET 45 on atmosphere approximately one-thou- sandth that of Earth. Very few Earth- men can live in atmosphere one-tenth the density of sea level! l'he lush places, the gardens of Mars, would be the North and South poles with their nine-month summers. This was brought out in detail in one Astounding science article. The utter dryness of Mars is almost beyond con- jecture. There is a hoarfrost at the two poles during the winter night. This is the nearest thing to rain the planet knows. Flora would necessarily be of a type which could absorb this frost as it melted in the early spring, drink it in greedily, for it would be its only damp- ness of the year. There might be other flora requiring little or no moisture. We cannot con- ceive of such on Earth, but doubtless a Martian could not conceive of any ani- mal wasting quarts of water daily. On any other part of Mars except the poles, flora would be immensely tough, might even contain some chemical heating plant of its own, for the daily fluctuation of temperature would be upward of 100 degrees! Presumably, this flora would be tre- mendously tough, or infinitely delicate and dry. But we do not know this and it is highly uncertain to conjecture too much. Even a laboratory producing synthetic conditions might not tell us. We have such a laboratory to study the little matter of the human lung’s re- action to carbon-monoxide gas at alti- tudes above 14,000 feet. All we have learned from these experiments is that a synthetic test is usually very inter- esting—and wholly unreliable. It is easier to work retroactively in nature than progressively. If we fol- low the natural laws witnessed on Earth that have to do with altitudes and depths, chemical content of earths, peri- ods of rain and sun, etc., then the flora of Mars would be what we would call low-type. It would be far easier to adapt Earth flora to Martian conditions than vice-versa. The means would very likely be sim- ilar to the dirtless farming developed by Professors W. F. Gericke and Arthur C. Pillsbury in California. Professor Gericke grew 26 bushels of potatoes in a ten-foot tank, equivalent to about 2,600 bushels per acre. At that rate, a 9-mile square farm would supply all American spud-eaters with their annual quota with three crops per year! Professor Gericke’s “farms” were wooden tanks ten feet long, two and half feet wide and ten inches deep. The tanks were filled with water and cov- ered with wire netting on which was spread a half-inch cover of shavings or excelsior. Into each tank goes a fer- tilizer unit—a bottle containing soluble salts of calcium, potassium, magnesium, iron, copper, manganese, nitrogen, phos- phorus, sulfur, zinc and boron. Elec- tric heating cables keep the tank at the desired temperature. The professor has raised a hundred different crops by this means. Tobacco plants grew 20 feet tall; corn, tomatoes and other vegetables were giants and declared superior in every way to nat- urally grown prize produce. HOWEVER, the professor’s method employed natural sunlight and air. This would have to be compensated on Mars, the “farms" being covered tanks sup- plying extra light to make up for the weakened natural sunlight. With due care, there should be no blight, but there might be some danger of tank explo- sion at first, as it would require several generations to orient Earth plants to growth in rarer atmosphere and lower pressure. Whether the plants would ex- plode or not on being taken from their artificial pressure culture is a moot point. Some deep-sea plants cannot even be brought to the water surface in- 46 ASTOUNDING SCIENCE-FICTION tact, while others from as much as a mile and a half depth come up without any great alteration. Adapting Martian plant life to hu- man Earth palates would be accom- plished by similar means. Rays, short waves and chemical dampness might stimulate the arid flora to much greater growth.than Earth plants, or afflict them with a damp-rot. It seems logical, how- ever, that food consumed by bodies liv- ing under artificial near-Earth pressure and air density would have to be grown at somewhere near the same pressure. We don’t know this for certain. We do know that animals and birds captured at a high altitude and fed on low alti- tude food—bugs and animals of the same families—usually die, while if fed on their native food they are likely to sur- vive. The same applies to fish. Oddly, the body seems better able to adapt it- self to new surroundings than does its digestive system and metabolism. The difficult part of artificial culture of Martian plants for human digestion would be the danger of their getting too much oxygen and pressure. It would be far easier to grow Earth plants on Mars than vice-versa. But on Mars the lichen and extremely rooty growths of that planet could possibly be made to feel at home in the artificial pressure and ray and chemical farms in one tenth the time it would take to culture Earth plants to survive natural Martian con- ditions. All the changes for the Mar- tian plants would be giving them more of their requirements for living. These Martian plants would most likely be highly exotic in both appear- ance and flavor. They would be burst- ing with the wild riotous colors of the Painted Desert and highly spicy to taste. Ultimately, they would constitute a chief Martian export, a highly prized luxury food and condiment back on Earth. They might have important medicinal properties and be valuable for glandular treatment and blood building. Un- doubtedly, they would have many chem- ical uses, dyes and scents immediately coming to mind. Their natural state would be of such complete dehydration that simply powdered, they would take the minimum of transport space. There is little doubt that they would be almost vital over a period of time to human life on Mars. They would aid immensely the orientation of Earth bodies to Mars conditions, at least, by all the natural laws we know. Many lo- calities of the world are devoid of im- portant foods, but this is the result of floods, fires, or natural phenomena which have not been rectified. In any locality a healthy basis of diet is the food nature supplies there. But in the case of human beings vis- iting Mars, there is the problem of an Earth body eating an absolutely foreign food. Martian conditions demand Mar- tian energy and immunities, but Earth bodies demand Earth food. As a matter of probability, Earthmen would be allergic to some Martian plants at first. And yet equally probable, Earth foods alone, whether carried or grown on Mars, will not supply an orientating body with all necessities. THE CHEMICAL TANK and sci- entific farming is the answer. With one set of tanks, Earth food will be grown to live and perpetuate itself on Mars. Another set of tanks will culture Martian flora to life under quasi-Earth conditions. As the plants are sped through generations, they will slowly de- velop some similar characteristics. Prob- ably the high plateau cacti, some of which have considerable food content, and the high mountain lichens would be first to show adaptability to Mars. Like- wise, the Martian plants would develop characteristics akin to the cacti first. When the point arrives where the two may be crossed, interstellar explorers will offer a prayer. They will have a FOOD FOR THE FIRST PLANET food with the necessary properties of Earth, and with the additional native properties of Mars—just as Hubbard developed an animal with the beef and milk temperament characteristics of do- mestic cattle and the hardihood and im- munity of the wild buffalo. Conjure up a vision of what this means to planetary development. Not all men are born scientists, finding their en- tire life wrapped up in some knotty problem. They grow nervous and rest- less and subject to fears in strange places which scientists are too occupied to have. Yet the scientist without those men is liable to be lost. His very con- centration on one problem may endanger his every-day living and survival. After the scientist comes the miner, the soldier of fortune. But soldiers of fortune are notoriously moody and strictly speaking, highly unbalanced. Possibly more than any other group of men, they will take a risk for profit or adventure—but they also know the meaning of danger and they demand the 47 chance of survival. Fifty or a hundred million miles from home is considerable distance when there are no eats along the way! Finally, there is the native instinct of race-survival deep in every man. The pioneer, the developer of a new land, is seldom the foot-loose type, wild west stories to the contrary. It is the fam- ily man who goes out and overcomes obstacles and sticks until success is won. There are plenty of men in the world today who might risk that first planet colonization. But they would want their families, at least as soon as they got started. And space is too big a piace to trust for food on transport schedule. They might dare extreme privation, a land without water, a land of vegetable diet, a land cold and extreme. But they would not chance a place without any food whatever. The most important man in the uni- verse to the Earth of interplanetary travel time will be another Luther Bur- bank. TANK AGRIC'UI.TljKE experiments have shown that inordinately large crops can be produced on tiny areas. Soil serves two main purposes to the plant ; it acts as a support and supplies needed minerals. Wire screens covered with straw can take care of the first function : water solutions of minerals serve even better than soil in the second. Normally, the plant leeches the minerals present in the soil into a water solution, and actually absorbs that. Nutritionally, then, a water solution of minerals is its natural habitat. The mineral consumption of plants varies immensely, however. Such food-plants as potatoes, ■which consist almost entirely of carbohydrate material, manufacture their substance almost en- tirely from carbon dioxide and water. A few pounds of mineral substance dissolved in water will supply all the mineral nutriment for several tons of potatoes. The res* of the tuber's mass is extracted from the air and cheap water. Wheat, on the other hand, is sold comparatively dry. It has a considerable nitrogen and mineral content which cannot be derived from air, but must be supplied in the mineral solution. Therefore, wheat is not an economic food for tank agriculture on Barth, since hundreds of pounds of minerals must be supplied for each ton of food-stuff. Ask for this tucky Bourbon Whiskey. It's easy on your pocketbook. PRODUCT OF This advertisement is not intended to offer alcoholic beverages for sale or delivery in any state or community where the advertising, sale or use thereqj %s unlawful. 48 RESILIENT The man, like his world, was rub- bery! When he walked, he actually bounced.' BOB DIXON raised his aching head slowly from the metal floor. His brain was on fire, and his eyes couldn't register the surroundings clearly. He knew he must do some- thing, though the slightest movement sent excruciating pains through his bruised head, and the top felt ready to drop off. Broken pieces of the take-off harness still hung around his shoulders, parted by the terrific strain. The ends were PLANET by Warner Van Lorne Picture a world where everything—buildings, machines, ground, even people—is rubbery! still fastened to the metal frame of the control chair. There had been only seconds to spare as the Eagle tore away from the small planetoid before the collision. The force of landing the ship had evidently started the rock moving, and it was luck that he saw the smash coming before it bumped the other sphere. That take-off at full speed was too much for the old straps to stand. It was a wonder the space tramp had been able to stand the strain. But the old crate had done some fast traveling. Then his smile faded. The fuel gauge had caught in his blurred sight to drive away all dizziness. It registered less than sixty pounds of ronaline! He staggered to the tank in the hold, to examine that gauge. It registered the same! Once more he headed back for the cabin to shut off all power. It was a long time before he raised his face from his hands. There wasn't enough fuel in the tanks to carry him back to any space port—and he was heading out! The solar universe lay far behind, where the Sun appeared like a bright star. It was impossible to calculate the distance the ship had covered while the fuel burned at full power. There had been plenty to take him back to port with the small deposit of valuable brock. On this trip he had felt lucky—and this was his luck! He didn’t know where he was. Every star looked strange and different, and he must find some place to land before many hours. Sixty pounds of ronaline! All that remained of nearly one ton of the precious fuel. He didn’t even have equipment that could signal Earth for help. The Eagle was an old ship and only luck and a lot of labor kept it in condition to use. Slowly his brain cleared. He wasn’t licked! He’d find some way of getting back. Perhaps there was an inhabited globe within reachable distance. His eyes searched space ahead. He had been at the very outer reaches of the Solar System and now was far beyond any charted space, beyond any hope of return without aid—and must keep on in the same direction! He couldn’t stop the ship, turn it, and head back the way he had come. It wouldn't leave enough fuel to handle the ship and hold a set course. This way he might make a safe landing—if he found a place to land! HE WAS heading directly toward a brilliant star which grew brighter with cach passing hour. He ate several times, but his eyes didn't close again. He knew he must have lain unconscious for many hours—possibly many days—to cover the distance that had been traversed. He was afraid to figure how long it would take to consume that terrific amount of fuel. It seemed impossible! Slowly, the brilliant star took shape, and solid globes appeared in a small sys- tem. One planet drew particular atten- tion. It had atmosphere! Every test of the spectroscope proved it, and it 50 ASTOUNDING SCIENCE-FICTION might be breathable. Several times the blasts lighted for a moment, to reset the course, but the fuel gauge #ank lower at each firing. Thirty- six pfunds! It was hardly enough to make a safe landing. There had to be help ahead ! The small globe swung between the Eagle and its sun, as the ship ap- proached. The little world turned very slowly on its axis, and Bob knew the nearest side would remain dark for many days of Earth time—possibly months. Movement was only just visible, al- though many hours passed before the ship reached the outer atmosphere. The Eagle settled slowly through com- plete darkness. The blasts were hold- ing it away from the surface, to make sure it was over solid ground. Bob’s eyes ached from straining into the land- ing lights. Suddenly the ship touched, and bounced away from the surface. Then settled back to rest quietly. For a long time the Earthman sat still. He was on an unknown planet without means of leaving. If he could breathe the air—he could live. If not, he had reached the end of the trail. Slowly the fastenings of the port were loosened. He bit his lips as it swung open to allow the atmosphere to enter. His heart was in his mouth. It was a toss-up as to whether he would live, or die from some terrible poison. His lungs burned slightly, but after an hour they became accustomed to the change. He could breathe normally ! After a good sleep he left the ship, heading into the darkness with a flash- light and gun. The sooner he found whether there were living beings on the little globe, the quicker he would know what he faced. A few hundred feet from the ship he stumbled onto a road! It was paved with peculiar material, but no stranger than the ground he had been walking across. It was resilient, rebounding at every step. The surface of the highway was tougher than the ground, but it was still not much harder than wet clay. He cursed it often and regularly as his legs ached from walking on the strange surface. When Bob saw brilliant lights com- ing toward him on the highway, he tumbled off the edge to land on the softer surface. He had to move fast to avoid the car which passed so swiftly there was little but a vague blur. It suddenly struck him that not a single sound had disturbed the silence since he left the Eagle! The planet was noiseless! The passing of the vehicle left a creepy sensation playing tag on his backbone. It was a phantom, pass- ing in the dark! The silence was getting on his nerves. It was like a deserted world, with the ghost car flashing by. Little of its shape was visible except that it was long and hung close to the ground. The lights were brilliant, but the occupants didn’t appear to have noticed him—if there were occupants. HE HAD BEEN walking for an hour when lights appeared from the direction the car had gone. He stayed on the road as the car came to a halt. The creepy sensation returned. When the door opened a resilient man jumped out! He actually bounced when he landed! His legs shortened, then gradually ex- tended to raise his body back to normal position. A simple robe was his only clothing. Bob could hardly believe the creature was alive. He appeared more like the image of a man that a child would mold in putty. But he seemed intelligent, and certainly the machine represented the work of a well-developed brain. When he smiled his face appeared like a rubber ball with the side pushed in, causing a wrinkle in the heavy surface. But with all of his strange appearance, he had a man’s features. His ears were large and stuck out straight from the RESILIENT PLANET 31 rounded head. But his eyes, nose, and mouth, were the same as any man’s. Each strand of hair was thick and curled in heavy ringlets. He watched the Earthman with as much interest as Bob displayed, but his examination was good-natured. Then a vibration, which at first seemed like the rhythm of a motor, penetrated to Dix- on's eardrums. It sounded like the hum of a taut rubber band .being snapped back and forth. Tlte man was speak- ing! The vehicle was standing on runners which dented the surface of the road several inches. Both front and back of the car slanted down to the runners, with a small enclosed section in the center. The lights were on top of the body, about five feet above the road, and lighted the paving for several hundred feet ahead. When Bob entered the car, at the driver’s motioned invitation, the step of the vehicle gave beneath his weight. A moment later, as they started forward, Bob could feel his hair try to stand up. The whole back of it sagged with his weight! The small car picked up terrific speed, until they tore over the road faster than the Earthman had ever traveled on the ground. The machine seemed glued to the surface, and gave a feeling of se- curity. The rubber-man handled it with perfect ease, and turned to grin at his passenger several times during the trip. The highway was without defect, and the vehicle bad almost unlimited speed. A slight glow appeared ahead and gradually changed to the lights of a large settlement. Until they were within a few miles, the lights remained below the horizon of the small world, then seemed to rise from the surface of the ground. The little world was so close to its sun that it would receive intense rays, and Dixon was suddenly thankful that he landed on the darkened side—even AST—4 though it was necessity instead of choice! His mind jerked back to the surround- ings as the car entered the city. The Earthman could feel the whole Vehicle sway front, then gradually settle back as it came to a stop. None of the buildings were over six stories high. They stopped before one of the highest. In the bright light the rubber-man appeared greenish-yellow and slightly transparent. Yet upon closer examination his skin was opaque. Bob hadn’t been able to see his coloring before. Everything was of the same substance. The car, the streets, and the buildings were elastic. Even the largest structures bulged at the bottom, from the weight above. Doorways sagged, and some of them slanted to the side. The windows were crooked. On the upper floors they were long, but toward the ground they had become short and stubby. The sight gave the Earthman a dizzy feeling, and he closed his eyes before looking a sec- ond time. Bob reluctantly followed the rubber- man into the building and the floor sagged beneath their weight. At any moment he expected the whole structure to melt with them beneath it. AS THEY walked up the resilient ramp, he wondered if the city was de- serted. It was strange that a place which could house several thousand peo- ple would have no sign of life. The clear material in the window openings sagged until it wrinkled at the bottom. Furniture and wall decora- tions were all affected by the general settling. Benches sagged at the center to nearly touch the floor. They went back down through the building after the man collected a few belongings, but still there was no sign of life. When they reentered the car, Bob was completely baffled. They must be heading for some other settlement. 52 ASTOUNDING SCIENCE-FICTION They stopped before a square post set at one side of the street, and the city behind them darkened; every light turned out by a single switch. They were evidently the last people to leave, and all power was shut off at their exit. Hours passed while the small car tore over the road through the darkness. Several times the Earthman dozed off. The material of the conveyance was springy, and lulled him into peaceful slumber. Every time he awakened, the driver looked back with his broad grin. When their speed hardly lessened at a curve, the car seemed to stretch side- ways from the strain. Bob was wide- awake, and hanging on for dear life! The driver grinned even wider, and took the next curve at terrific speed. Bob decided that he wouldn’t display uneasiness again, but he couldn’t help grabbing for the nearest solid section of the car—only to have that stretch to- ward him! They had been traveling for many hours when lights appeared ahead, but the driver showed no sign of tiring. This city was brilliantly lighted, and the Earthman realized that the other settle- ment had had only a small portion of its lights turned on. The streets were filled with rubber people, and the car drew between the buildings at a snail's pace. The women were decked .with every kind of object. Little bright buttons were stuck in their hair, which curled the same as the men’s. Their dress was colorful, and similar to a child’s romper suit. The single plain robes of the men were a direct con- trast. They were like rubber dolls, with lit- tle round faces displaying perpetual good humor. The only other emotion their features registered was a pouty ex- pression. But even that didn’t appear to be displeasure. When he climbed out of the small car, they crowded around. A humming sound came from many of the throats while they grinned at sight of the stranger. Some children came running and bounc- ing down the street with laughter on their faces, and he grinned back. It was infectious. The rubber-tnan led the way into one of the main buildings. It was in better condition than the structures of the de- serted city, but there were some signs of sagging. The floors were resilient, but the clear panes in the windows re- mained smooth. Everyone stopped to grin at the stranger. They seemed happy to see a human being, which was a matter for conjecture to Dixon. He knew they had never had intercourse with the Solar System. It was a new planet, unex- plored by Earthmen. After climbing up three stories on the sloping ramps, they entered a room with a rubber-man seated on a throne at the far end. He appeared the most con- genial of any of the creatures and, at the Earthman’s approach, grinned until his mouth tried to stretch from ear to ear. Dixon jumped back—the man tried to rub his nose against Bob’s cheek! Then regaining his poise, he stuck his face forward to rub his nose against the face of the ruler. He couldn’t help but think how much it felt like a rubber ball. THE STRANGER was accepted as an honored guest, and given the best of food. His living quarters were in the building with the ruler, but the inaction got on his nerves. He couldn’t talk to anyone, and couldn’t wander about as he pleased. They took him sightseeing, but wouldn't allow him to go alone. It pleased them immensely when he tried to imitate their vocal sounds, and the ruler appointed a man to instruct him. At first, everything sounded alike, but he slowly learned to repeat many of the words. They didn’t understand his language, and it never entered his mind to voice anything in English. He must learn how to make his wishes RESILIENT PLANET S3 known before he could explain what chemicals were required as fuel for the Eagle. Even then it would be hard to describe the spot where he had left the ship. They had mastered many intricacies of science in a world without hard sub- stance, using electricity for every pur- pose. Even the road-cars were driven by magnetism. There was not a single rotating part in any of the machinery. The wheel, a basis of Earth-civilization, was unknown. They gave Bob every delicacy, but he grew thin on food that reminded him of rubber-cement. It was too much like chewing gum to be appetizing because the flora of the planet was resilient in its botanic formations. He did enjoy the clear and tasteless water. One month passed, then a second, as Bob judged from the number of times he slept. With constant darkness, it was impossible to keep an accurate check. In the direction of the deserted city a faint glow began to show in the sky. It was only a short time before sunrise, and he awaited sight of the bright ball with longing. Recently, the buildings had begun to sag like those in the deserted city, and the natives hurried about their business with renewed vigor, as if expecting some great event. Finally Bob was awakened from a sound sleep by a rubber-man shaking him. He was hurried down a ramp to enter a car at the entrance. Before Dixon understood what was happening they were speeding along the road be- yond the city. Away from the glow in the sky! The road was crowded with cars, all traveling in the same direction. A gen- eral exodus from the city—before the sun touched it with the terrific heat! The rubber-men constantly ran away from the bright disc. They couldn’t stand the rays of their own sun! Roads completely circled the planet, with cities at intervals where they could live for a few months. The race had become migratory to overcome the slowly rising temperature as their world swung nearer the sun, and they lived the only possible life under the planetary conditions. Bob slept several times, and they stopped twice to eat during the trip. He knew they had come a long distance, but didn’t realize quite how far until the sky ahead answered. They were facing the same glow that had been in the opposite direction when they left the city. The trip had carried them almost halfway around the globe ! The new city was much larger than the one they deserted, and accommodated people from many of the cities in the other zone. There were manufacturing plants of every type, and industries that the other cities lacked. The main work of the planet was carried on in this cen- tral spot, where they spent more time than anywhere else. Every member of the race gathered here, where the rubber-men had little time for the pleasures enjoyed during other sojourns. Half of the population labored in fields for many miles around the city, harvesting crops that were al- ready ripened. As soon as the fields were cleared, they were planted -again, and Bob watched the operation with interest. During the time they spent in the capital, they carried on every branch of agri- culture. The ripened crops were har- vested, to be replaced by new seedings. These were left for the effect of the sun, which carried their development to com- pletion before the population returned during the next dark period. THE BUILDINGS of the city were in perfect condition, yet they appeared to have stood for centuries of Earth time. Bob examined many of the struc- tures, without finding the slightest de- fect. One group of workers was busy over- 54 ASTOUNDING SCIENCE-FICTION hauling the road-cars, which were all- important to their existence. Other men worked on machinery brought from the deserted cities, to be returned in good condition upon their next trek. There were nearly a million inhab- itants in the capital, as every being on the globe was concentrated here during its occupation. They were distributed among several cities at every other sea- son. Even during the time they were car- rying on the work to provide for many months, a rubber-man constantly accom- panied Bob. He wasn't allowed to roam the city, but was taken by routes which avoided all main thoroughfares. At first he paid no attention, but it piqued his curiosity. He was gaining a conversational knowledge of the language, and could talk to his guide. But once he made the mistake of calling to the man in a natural voice. It was the first loud sound Bob had heard on the planet, and the results were phenomenal. The sound didn't echo or reverberate, but died out in silence a moment after he spoke. He noticed that the wall of the room was shaking vio- lently, as if affected by an earthquake —and the rubber-man lay unconscious on the floor! In the world without sound, his voice was dangerous! It was several minutes before the rub- ber-man regained consciousness and sat up without realizing what happened. He grinned sheepishly at the Earthman, as if he had slumped to the floor asleep. When the wall of the room stopped shaking, Bob sighed in relief. The sound of his voice was too powerful for the re- silient planet, as every vibration of their world was below even a normal speaking voice. One day, while riding through the city, Bob jumped in amazement. He thought for a moment the occupant of another car was a human being. He must have been mistaken! It was only a fleeting glimpse-^—yet his mind kept returning to that half-seen face. It stood out as no other since he had been with the rubber-men. When he questioned his driver the man was so upset that he almost lost control of the car, and his grin entirely disappeared! Then he denied it so pro- fusely that it raised suspicion. Perhaps there was more to that section of the city from which Bob was barred than he had thought? He decided to find out in some way. After that incident he was allowed even less freedom. The suspicion that another of his race was on the same planet became almost conviction, al- though he could think of no reason for their hiding the fact. Why shouldn't they allow him to meet this stranger ? The people were so friendly it seemed improbable they would keep two mem- bers of another race separated. Cer- tainly the man in the other machine didn’t know of his arrival, or he would have come searching—if he could ! In an alien universe seeing a man of one’s own kind was a great event. Twice, while prospecting on some strange sphere. Bob had met men and each time there had been a celebration. Neither asked about the other’s origin ; both were satisfied to meet their kind without ques- tion. The longer he was kept under strict surveillance, the more discontented the Earthman became. He learned to al- most hate the unchanging expressions of the rubber-men. THEN SUSPICION was forgotten in the search for fuel for the spaceship. His mastery of the language was suf- ficient so he could enter their labora- tories and study every process of manu- facture. When he found nothing that might replace ronaline his hopes turned to despair. When it came time RESILIENT PLANET 55 for the exodus from the city he was still searching for the secret. Jle had learned to handle the small cars and could drive with confidence. Their operation was simple and almost trouble-free. They represented centuries of development, as the resilient materials of the small world had many drawbacks which did not exist on the solid planets. Discovery of one element had given them mastery of mechanics. This chem- ical dissolved one of the standard min- erals, creating enormous quantities of electric energy in the process. The two radicals, in combination, created a force which strove to push the car away from the surface. With the power released at the back of the vehicle, it moved for- ward at terrific speed. The sun had begun to light the sky behind. It was time to move on in the constant march with the darkened side of the world. He took turns driving as the populace headed for the next city. During the time they remained in the capital the buildings began to sag. By the time of departure they were in the same softened condition as those in the other cities at the moment of migration. While traveling, Dixon received the first explanation of the phenomenon from his companion. During the dark period, the planet absorbed moisture. It rained quite often, and the building material acted like a sponge. While the cities were deserted beneath the heat of the near-by sun, the surface dried out again. With the evaporation of moisture, everything re- gained its original shape. Dixon shook his head hopelessly. He understood what took place, but couldn’t understand how. Upon first acquaintance with the globe he thought synthetic rub- ber could be manufactured from the natural resources, but had found the composition useless. He couldn’t help but think what a mess the little world would be if the sun didn’t shine for one period. For once in his life Bob had enough traveling. Always before he had kept on the move because of desire. Now that it was forced upon him, the pleasure was gone. He dreamed of the time when he could stay in one spot for months, with- out having to run away from the sun. The day he sighted the Earth again would be the happiest moment of his life—if he ever did ! A feeling of hopelessness crept over him. They had to move so often there wasn’t time to develop a new chemical in the laboratories. It would require a lifetime of effort to accomplish what might be done in one year on Earth. He felt sorry for these beings who had to move constantly, yet they seemed to look forward to migration with pleasure—and they knew no other life. They were happy! He passed many cars that were loaded more heavily, while some vehicles passed them. Bob recognized the car of the ruler as it passed. Their own machine carried a load of heavy machinery which made it slower. He was a regular in- habitant of the planet now, and helped with the work. It was a world where everyone labored, which partly explained their good nature. As a glow appeared on the instrument panel another car streaked by. Every other vehicle moved aside to give it room. As it passed, Bob glanced up. Then he gasped! It was the human be- ing again—driving alone ! His mouth almost dropped open. It was a woman! The headlights of their machine lighted the interior for a moment and he had a plain view of the occupant. HE TRIED desperately to get more speed from the machine he was driving, but instead of accelerating, it slowed down. He was shouting! The rubber- man was unconscious from the vibration of the Earthman’s voice ! The whole car was shaking. It wobbled and swayed 56 ASTOUNDING SCIENCE-FICTION uniil it required every ounce of Dixon’s energy to keep from smashing into an- other car. The girl was gone. It was an hour before the native re- gained consciousness. He didn't know what had taken place, but grinned good- naturedly as if he had fallen asleep for a few minutes. The car had stopped vibrating and was operating perfectly again. It was on the lip of Bob’s tongue to hum to the rubber-man about the girl, but his lips remained sealed. He could do more if his knowledge remained a secret. They entered a city which might house 100,000 people, but nothing in comparison to the capital. The ma- chinery in the car was for use in the power building, and the Earthman helped install it. He was given complete freedom, which made him think the girl must be somewhere else. There was no way of telling where she might be. as he didn’t know the location of the other cities. He couldn't understand why they wanted to keep him from knowing that the girl lived among them. Perhaps they were jealous of one of her own race, and were afraid he would try to take her away—which he fully intended to do! He would find a way of escaping from the little globe. Little communication existed between the cities. The people were content to wait for nev/s until they returned to the capital. It seemed hopeless to try and locate the girl until the population again assembled all in the same place. One day Dixon was looking through the clear pane in the front of his sleeping quarters when a car came racing down the street. He still occupied an apart- ment in the building with the ruler, and knew it must be an emissary from some other city. It broke the monotony, so he hurried toward the ramp, interested. Three of the rubber-men came run- ning, to usher him back to his room. This move flashed the answer—the girl had come! Looking out again, much against the will of the three natives, he examined the car carefully. It had fast lines and might be the same machine that had passed him on the road. It was cer- tainly specially built. When he turned to look at the good- natured grins of his guards, they ap- peared almost worried. He was going to see who came in that car if it meant declaring war against the whole race. He shouted. The three men sank to the floor un- conscious, their grins still in place. The vibration of his voice caused instant slumber. The room shook violently. He didn’t wait to see the effect, but headed toward the throne room. At the doorway he hesitated as four rubber-men ran toward him. He wasn’t certain that he was discovered, but they must have felt the vibration of the upper floor. The girl faced the ruler. It made Bob smile to see her shake her finger in the man’s face—and the ruler didn’t ap- pear very happy! Dixon was afraid of what might hap- pen if he was seen, and shouted again. The ruler slid to the floor, while the men who had been coming toward him rolled up like balls and bounced along the resilient surface. He and the girl stood facing each other—her expression one of disbelief. When he walked forward, she stag- gered back and the color drained from her face. She seemed almost afraid, and glanced around in a daze. Suddenly she slumped to the floor in a faint. A MOMENT LATER he was hurry- ing down the ramp with her limp form in his arms. Twice, rubber-men tried to slop them, and he left them unconscious from a shout. He was going to get the girl alone, where they could talk. Before any more natives caught up, RESILIENT PLANET 57 the fast car was racing through the city while people tumbled out of the way. Nothing could catch them if they had a start. Lights of other cars appeared on the road behind, but he drove like a maniac in the direction of the next city to be occupied. The girl might know a safe place to spend a. few hours. There were supplies in the Eagle, and if be could locate it they would be able to hide as long as necessary. The search- light of the car would reflect on the metal, as it wasn’t far from the high- way. He believed it was not many miles from this city. There was a vaguely familiar feeling to the road, and he slowed down. The light shone across the level ground for several hundred feet, but a long time passed before he dared hope they were in the section with the spaceship. The girl had regained consciousness, and sat staring at him in undisguised wonder, too startled to return his smile of friendship. She was young, with dark hair and fair skin. She would have been beautiful on Earth, and to the spaceman she was more than that. Her environ- ment had given her a slightly different appearance than girls accustomed to the culture of their own race. Her face was strong, yet she had acquired some of the humor of the rubber-men. At last she asked Bob where they were going, using the humming language of the natives. He replied as best he could, describing the Eagle as if she had never heard of a spaceship. Her reply sur- prised him. “I, too, came in a hard-shell boat, when I was a little girl. These people have brought me up, and told me that I was a child of the skies. That I was the only one of my kind who was ever born, and must live amongst them al- ways. Are you, too, a child of the stars ?” Bob was so taken back that he re- mained silent for several minutes. Bright lights seemed to race through hi3 brain, as the possibility of her identity seeped into his mind. After so long, was it pos- sible that he had stumbled onto Burk’s daughter? It was out of all reason, but still-? His mind went back to an event that happened twelve years before, when he was seventeen. The Martian liner, the piracy, and the heroism of the officers stood out as if it had taken place the day before. Doris Burk was being returned to Earth on that disastrous voyage. As she was the only daughter of the President of Interplanetary, every paper carried the news. For over a month the ship was miss- ing, while every observatory searched frantically for some trace. Then the report of radio signals, picked up by a space tramp, reached civilization, to cause consternation throughout the uni- verse. Piracy had broken out on board ! The ship had been driven far from the standard space lanes, while the officers were barricaded in the main cabin with the seven-year-old girl. The space tramp required three weeks to reach a position where they could send the news on, with their weak equipment. Five weeks passed, after the crew cap- tured the ship, before the universe knew about it. The officers had already cast the child adrift in a lifeship to keep her from falling into the hands of the mutineers. They could not spare a single member of their group to accompany her, but set the course of the small vessel for Mars, under the automatic pilot. When the child was gone they fought their way to the radio room and sent forth the news, expecting the small ship would be picked up by searchers. ONLY TWO of the men reached the room alive, but they contacted the space tramp before the crew broke through 58 ASTOUNDING SCIENCE-FICTION the door. They, knowing they were doomed, had prepared a reception for the mutineers. A small bottle of liquid was grasped tight in the fingers of one man. the bar- rel of a gun held against it. When his body was hit by the first bullet he pulled the trigger. Jt was the most powerful explosive known to the system—and there was no longer a Martian liner. The officers had ended the mutiny. The lifeship had every available space crammed with food and water for the child, to cover any emergency. Hun- dreds of ships cruised space in the search, but no sign of the craft was found. Doris had either moved the con- trols, or the automatic pilot didn’t work properly. Months slipped by and turned into years. John Burlc died after seven years of vain hoping, but he made sure the search would never be forgotten. His total fortune was left in trust. One quarter as a reward for information about what had become of his daughter —and half the total fortune for her safe return to civilization. Suddenly Bob Dixon turned to the girl. “Doris !” At the sound of his voice she jumped violently. Then looked at him with wide eyes. For a long time there was silence, while her forehead puckered in deep thought. “What—do—you—want ?” The words came slowly, as something almost forgotten. But she still vaguely remembered the language of her child- hood. Bob spoke slowly, in English, so that she might understand the words. His tone was low to stop some of the vibrating of the car. “I came after you, Doris. For many years we have searched. They want you at home where you will have every hap- piness. There are many people like you and me, and you will have many friends. You will be happy, and have a family of your own.” She hummed her next question, as if she couldn't recall the words in English. “Did you come to be my mate? I haven’t one. Until I saw you I thought I would never find a mate of my own. The other men don’t suit me, and I wouldn’t have one. But they tried to keep you away from me. I know, be- cause the ruler sent me to another city.” When a glint appeared in the search- light, Bob's mind jerked back to the road. It was the Eagle. Nothing else on the planet would reflect that way. The car swung to the edge of the pave- ment, then stopped. The surface of the road seemed to control its operation, but he increased the power to the utmost. Slowly it moved off the edge, and started across the softer surface. The electric energy was being consumed at an alarm- ing rate, but they picked up a little speed. The girl wandered through the Eagle, examining everything in wonder. It was beautiful and strange. She tried the bunks, and examined the control board. It was a new world, within the hull of a space tramp. When Bob explained the trouble with his ship she was disappointed. She had expected to leave the small world with- out delay. He had come for her, and she took it for granted that she was to become his mate. He dared not tell her otherwise for fear it would upset her desire for return to Earth. “The small ship I came in has a tank full of black stuff, Bob. Do you think we could use that?” FOR A MOMENT his heart jumped, then it sank again. The amount of fuel on a lifeship would never drive the Eagle to the Solar System. It would hardly carry it across the miniature universe, without covering the millions of space miles. When he learned that the ship was in RESILIENT PLANET 59 the capital city, lie gave up all hope. They couldn’t reach it during the day- light season, and the rubber-men inhab- ited it at all other times. They would have to obtain help from the natives. When they reappeared in the city, the rubber-men greeted them with grins as broad as ever. They were like children, caught being naughty. The ruler was very much upset at the scolding he re- ceived from Doris, and acted as if he would like to hide. They worshipped (he girl, and were naively ashamed of the way they had acted. Bob showed the rubber-men a sample of fuel from the Eagle. They didn't recognize it, though he suspected that they feigned ignorance. The only chance of escape was the fuel in the lifeship. Doris informed the rubber-men Bob was to be her mate, and displayed him proudly. Lack of a companion of her own race had preyed on her mind, and she was making up for it. When they migrated to the central city Bob headed for the small ship immedi- ately. It had been stored in a museum in the center of the metropolis, and he found everything undisturbed. The auto- matic controls bad landed it, but the rubber-men found the child almost starved to death. The trip through space had been long and the supply of food was gone long before it reached the resil- ient planet. It was a three-passenger ship, with very cramped quarters. But the fuel tank was two-thirds full! There was not enough to drive the Eagle back to Earth, but the small ship had ample for the trip. Doris was anxious to leave the little world, and danced with glee when Bob said they could use her ship. But she wouldn't go until he promised to bring her back again to visit the people she had always known. They were strange and different, but they had brought her up as their own child. The rubber-men were disappointed when they found that the human beings could leave, but happy when Doris prom- ised to return. They didn’t believe it possible to control the people from the stars. They were considered deities who could do as they pleased. The small ship was carried far out on the plain, where the vibration of the blasts wouldn’t affect the city. Bob was afraid the explosions might leave serious effects. He waited until every bouncing native had returned to the capital, before taking off. A long hazardous trip lay ahead, but Dixon was light-hearted. There was hardly room to move, as food and water filled every available space. It was a long gamble as to whether they would ever reach a civilized port—but they were headed for home! tfaru cLo-nlt kxure. to- p^ciAj 5 ^ a form, -Zcrnxj-frLQ&eji. ca^oJl s^Cf^m° 60 “Who Goes There?” by Don A. Stuart Who—is that your closest friend—or a monstrous imitation, breed of an alien, deadly world? WHO GOES THERE-? The monster changed as they looked. Three blinded eyes bubbled and crawled hideously in feral hate—growing—seeking sight again- I f B HE place stank. A queer, min- s; gled stench that only the ice- A buried cabins of an Antarctic camp know, compounded of reeking hu- man sweat, and the heavy, fish-oil stench of melted seal blubber. An overtone of liniment combatted the musty smell of sweat-and-snow-drenched furs. The ac- rid odor of burnt cooking fat, and the animal, not-unpleasant smell of dogs, di- luted by time, hung in the air. Lingering odors of machine oil con- trasted sharply with the taint of harness dressing and leather. Yet, somehow, through all that reek of human beings and their associates—dogs, machines and cooking—came another taint. It was a queer, neck ruffling thing, a faintest sug- 62 ASTOUNDING SCIENCE-FICTION gestion of an odor alien among the smells of industry and life. And it was a life-smell. But it came from the thing that lay bound with cord and tarpaulin on the table, dripping slowly, methodi- cally onto the heavy planks, dank and gaunt under the unshielded glare of the electric light. Blair, the little bald-pated biologist of the expedition, twitched nervously at the wrappings, exposing clear, dark ice be- neath and then pulling the tarpaulin back into place restlessly. His little birdlike motions of suppressed eagerness danced his shadow across the fringe of dingy gray underwear hanging from the low ceiling, the equatorial fringe of still, graying hair around his naked skull a comical halo about the shadow’s head. Commander Garry brushed aside the lax legs of a suit of underwear, and stepped toward the table. Slowly his eyes traced around the rings of men sar- dined into the Administration Building. His tall, stiff bod> straightened finally, and he nodded. “Thirty-seven. All here.” His voice was low, yet carried the clear authority of the commander by nature, as well as by title. “You know the outline of the story back of that find of the Secondary Pole Expedition. I have been conferring with Second-in-Command McReady, and Norris, as well as Blair and Dr. Copper. There is a difference of opinion, and be- cause it involves the entire group, it is only just that the entire Expedition per- sonnel act on it. “I am going to ask McReady to give you the details of the story, because each of you has been too busy with his own work to follow closely the endeavors of the others. McReady?” Moving from the smoke-blued back- ground, McReady was a figure from some forgotten myth, a looming, bronze statue that held life, and walked. Six- feet-four inches he stood as he halted beside the table, and with a character- istic glance upward to assure himself of room under the low ceiling beams, straightened. His rough, dashingly orange windproof jacket he still had on, yet 011 his huge frame it did not seem misplaced. Even here, four feet beneath the drift-wind that droned across the antarctic waste above the ceiling, the cold of the frozen continent leaked in. and gave meaning to the harshness of the man. And he was bronze—his great red-bronze beard, the heavy hair that matched it. The gnarled, corded hands gripping, relaxing, gripping and relaxing on the table planks were bronze. Even the deep-sunken eyes beneath heavy brows were bronzed. Age-resisting endurance of the metal spoke in the cragged heavy outlines of his face, and the mellow tones of the heavy voice. “Norris and Blair agree on one thing; that animal we found was not—terrestrial in origin. Norris fears there may be danger in that; Blair says there is none. “BUT I’ll go back to how, and why we found it. To all that was known before we came here, it appeared that this point was exactly over the South Magnetic Pole of Earth. The compass does point straight down here, as you all know. The more delicate instruments of the physicists, instruments especially designed for this expedition and its study of the magnetic pole, detected a secondary effect, a secondary, less pow- erful magnetic influence about 80 miles south-west of here. “The Secondary Magnetic Expedition went out to investigate it. There is no need for details. We found it, but it was not the huge meteorite or magnetic mountain Norris had expected to find. Iron ore is magnetic, of course; iron more so—and certain special steels even more magnetic. From the surface indications, the secondary pole we found was small, so small that the magnetic effect it had was preposterous. No magnetic mate- rial conceivable could have that effect. “WHO GOES THERE?” 63 Soundings through the ice indicated it was within one hundred feet of the gla- cier surface. J think you should know the struc- ture of the place. There is a broad plateau, a level sweep that runs more than 150 miles due south from the Sec- ondary station, Van Wall says. He didn’t have time or fuel to fly farther, but it was running smoothly due south then. Right there, where that buried thing was, there is an ice-drowned mountain ridge, a granite wall of un- shakable strength that has dammed back the ice creeping from the south. "And four hundred miles due south is the South Polar Plateau. You have asked me at various times why it gets warmer here when the wind rises, and most of you know. As a meteorologist I’d have staked my word that no wind could blow at —70 degrees—that no more than a 5-mile wind could blow at —50—without causing warming due to friction with ground, snow and ice and the air itself. “We camped there on the lip of that ice-drowned mountain range for twelve days. We dug our camp into the blue ice that formed the surface, and escaped most of it. But for twelve consecutive days the wind blew at 45 miles an hour. It went as high as 48, and fell to 41 at times. The temperature was —63 de- grees. It rose to —60 and fell to —68. It was meteorologically impossible, and it went on uninterruptedly for twelve days and twelve nights. “Somewhere to the south, the frozen air of the South Polar Plateau slides down from that 18,000 foot bowl, down a mountain pass, over a glacier, and starts north. There must be a funnel- ing mountain chain that directs it, and sweeps it away for four hundred miles to hit that bald plateau where we found the secondary pole, and 350 miles far- ther north reaches the Antarctic Ocean. “It’s been frozen there since Antarc- tica froze twenty million years ago. There never has been a thaw there. “Twenty million years ago Antarctica was beginning to freeze. We’ve inves- tigated, though and built speculations. What we believe happened was about like this. “Something came down out of space, a ship. We saw it there in the blue ice, a thing like a submarine without a con- ning tower or directive vanes, 280 feet long and 45 feet in diameter at its thickest. “Eh, Van Wall? Space? Yes, but I’ll explain that better later.” Mc- Ready's steady voice went on. “It came down from space, driven and lifted by forces men haven’t discovered yet, and somehow—perhaps something went wrong then—it tangled with Earth's magnetic field. It came south here, out of control probably, circling the magnetic pole. That’s a savage country there, but when Antarctica was still freezing it must have been a thou- sand times more savage. There must have been blizzard snow, as well as drift, new snow falling as the continent gla- ciated. The swirl there must have been particularly bad, the wind hurling a solid blanket of white over the lip of that now-buried mountain. “THE SHIP struck solid granite head-on, and cracked up. Not every one of the passengers in it was killed, but the ship must have been ruined, her driving mechanism locked. It tangled with Earth’s field, Norris believes. No thing made by intelligent beings can tan- gle with the dead immensity of a planet’s natural forces and survive. “One of its passengers stepped out. The wind we saw there never fell be- low 41, and the temperature never rose about —60. Then—the wind must have been stronger. And there was drift falling in a solid sheet. The thing was lost completely in ten paces.” He paused for a moment, the deep, steady voice giving way to the drone of wind 64 ASTOUNDING SCIENCE-FICTION overhead, and the uneasy, malicious gur- gling in the pipe of the galley-stove. Drift—a drift-wind was sweeping by overhead. Right now the snow picked up by the mumbling wind fled in level, blinding lines across the face of the buried camp. If a man stepped out of the tunnels that connected each of the camp buildings beneath the surface, he’d be lost in ten paces. Out there, the slim, black finger of the radio mast lifted 300 feet into the air, and at its peak was the clear night sky. A sky of thin, whining wind rushing steadily from be- yond to another beyond under the lick- ing, curling mantle of the aurora. And off north, the horizon flamed with queer, angry colors of the midnight twilight. That was spring 300 feet above Ant- arctica. At the surface—it was white death. Death of a needle-fingered cold driven before the wind, sucking heat from any warm thing. Cold—and white mist of endless, everlasting drift, the fine, fine particles of licking snow that obscured all things. Kinner, the little, scar-faced cook, winced. Five days ago he had stepped out to the surface to reach a cache of frozen beef. He had reached it, started back—and the drift-wind leapt out of the south. Cold, white death that streamed across the ground blinded him in twenty seconds. He stumbled on wildly in circles. It was half an hour before rope-guided men from below found him in the impenetrable murk. It was easy for man—or thing—to get lost in ten paces. “And the drift-wind then was prob- ably more impenetrable than we know.” McReady’s voice snapped Kilmer’s mind back. Back to welcome, dank warmth of the Ad Building. “The passenger of the ship wasn’t prepared either, it ap- pears. It froze within ten feet of the ship. “We dug down to find the ship, and our tunnel happened to find the frozen —animal. Barclay’s ice-ax struck its skull. “When we saw what it was, Barclay went back to the tractor, started the fire up and when the steam pressure built, sent a call for Blair and Dr. Copper. Barclay himself was sick then. Stayed sick for three days, as a matter of fact. “When Blair and Copper came, we cut out the animal in a block of ice, as you see, wrapped it and-loaded it on the tractor for return here. We wanted to get into that ship. “We reached the side and found the metal was something we didn't know. Our beryllium-bronze, non-magnetic tools wouldn’t touch it. Barclay had some tool-steel on the tractor, and that wouldn’t scratch it either. We made reasonable tests—even tried some acid from the batteries with no results. “They must have had a passivating process to make magnesium metal resist acid that way, and the alloy must have been at least 95% magnesium. But we had no way of guessing that, so when we spotted the barely opened lock door, we cut around it. There was clear, hard ice inside the lock, where we couldn't reach it. Through the little crack we could look in and see that only metal and tools were in there, so we de- cided to loosen the ice with a bomb. “WE HAD decanite bombs and ther- mite. Thermite is the ice-softener; deca- nite might have shattered valuable things, where the thermite’s heat would just loosen the ice. Dr. Copper, Nor- ris and I placed a 25-pound thermite bomb, wired it, and took the connector up the tunnel to the surface, where Blair had the steam tractor waiting. A hun- dred yards the other side of that granite wall we set off the thermite bomb. “The magnesium metal of the ship caught, of course. The glow of the bomb flared and died, then it began to flare again. We ran back to the tractor, and gradually the glare built up. From "WHO GOES THERE?” 65 where we were we could see the whole ice-field illuminated from beneath with an unbearable light; the ship’s shadow was a great, dark cone reaching off to- ward the north, where the twilight was just about gone. For a moment it lasted, and we counted three other shadow- things that might have been other—pas- sengers—frozen there. Then the ice was crashing down and against the ship. “That’s why I told you about that place. The wind sweeping down from the Pole was at our backs. Steam and hydrogen flame were tom away in white ice-fog; the flaming heat under the ice there was yanked away toward the Ant- arctic Ocean before it touched us. Oth- erwise we wouldn’t have come back, even with the shelter of that granite ridge that stopped the light. “Somehow in the blinding inferno we could see great hunched things, black bulks lowing, even so. They shed even the furious incandescence of the mag- nesium for a time. Those must have been the engines, we knew. Secrets go- ing in blazing glory—secrets that might have given Man the planets. Mysteri- ous things that could lift and hurl that ship—and had soaked in the force of the Earth’s magnetic field. I saw Nor- ris’ mouth move, and ducked. I couldn’t hear him. “Insulation—something—gave way. All Earth’s field they’d soaked up twenty million years before broke loose. The aurora in the sky above licked down, and the whole plateau there was bathed in cold fire that blanketed vision. The ice-ax in my hand got red hot, and hissed on the ice. Metal buttons on my clothes burned into me. And a flash of electric blue seared upward from be- yond the granite wall. "Then the walls of ice crashed down on it. For an instant it squealed the way dry-ice does when it’s pressed be- tween metal. "We were blind and groping in the dark for hours while our eyes recov- ered. We found every coil within a mile was fused rubbish, the dynamo and every radio set, the earphones and speak- ers. If we hadn’t had the steam tractor, we wouldn’t have gotten over to the Secondary Camp. “Van Wall flew in from Big Magnet at sun-up, as you know. We came home as soon as possible. That is the his- tory of—that.” McReady’s great bronze beard gestured toward tbe thing on the table. II. BLAIR stirred uneasily, his little, bony fingers wriggling under the harsh light. Little brown freckles, on his knuckles slid back and forth as the ten- dons under the skin twitched. He pulled aside a bit of the tarpaulin and looked impatiently at the dark ice-bound thing inside. McReady’s big body straightened somewhat. He’d ridden the rocking, jarring steam tractor forty miles that day, pushing on to Big Magnet here. Even his calm will had been pressed by the anxiety to mix again with humans. It was lone and quiet out there in Sec- ondary Camp, where a wolf-wind howled down from the Pole. Wolf-wind howl- ing in his sleep—winds droning and the evil, unspeakable face of that monster leering up as he’d first seen it through clear, blue ice, with a bronze ice-ax buried in its skull. The giant meteorologist spoke again. "The problem is this. Blair wants to examine the thing. Thaw it out and make micro slides of its tissues and so forth. Norris doesn’t believe that is safe, and Blair does. Dr. Copper agrees pretty much with Blair. Norris is a physicist, of course, not a biologist. But be makes a point I think we should all hear. Blair has described the micro- scopic life-forms biologists find living, even in this cold and inhospitable place. They freeze every winter, and thaw. 66 ASTOUNDING SCIENCE-FICTION every summer—for three months—and live. “The point Norris makes is—they thaw, and live again. There must have been microscopic life associated with this creature. There is with every living thing we know. And Norris is afraid that we may release a plague—some germ disease unknown to Earth—if we thaw those microscopic things that have been frozen there for twenty million years. “Blair admits that such micro life might retain the power of living. Such unorganized things as individual cells can retain life for unknown periods, when solidly frozen. The beast itself is as dead as those frozen mammoths they find in Siberia. Organized, highly developed life-forins can't stand that treatment. “But micro-life could. Norris sug- gests that we may release some disease- form that man, never having met it be- fore, will be utterly defenseless against. “Blair’s answer is that there may be such still-living germs, but that Nor- ris has the case reversed. They are utterly non-immune to man. Our life- chemistrv probably-” “Probably!” The little biologist’s head lifted in a quick, birdlike motion. The halo of gray hair about his bald head ruffled as though angry. “Heh. One look-” “I know,” McReady acknowledged. “The thing is not Earthly. It does not seem likely that it can have a life-chem- istry sufficiently like ours to make cross- infection remotely possible. I would say that there is no danger.” McReady looked toward Dr. Copper. The physician shook his head slowly. “None whatever,” he asserted confi- dently. “Man cannot infect or be in- fected by germs that live in such com- paratively close relatives as the snakes. And they are, I assure you,” his clean- shaven face grimaced uneasily, “much nearer to us than—that.” VANCE NORRIS, moved angrily. He was comparatively short in this gath- ering of big men, some five-feet-eight, and his stocky, powerful build tended to make him seem shorter. His black hair was crisp and hard, like short, steel wires, and his eyes were the gray of fractured steel. If McReady was a man of bronze, Norris was all steel. His movements, his thoughts, his whole bearing had the quick, hard impulse of a steel spring. His nerves were steel— hard, quick-acting—swift corroding. He was decided on his point now, and he lashed out in its defense with a char- acteristic quick, clipped flow of words. “Difl'erent chemistry be damned. That thing may be dead—or, by God, it may not—but I don’t like it. Damn it, Blair, let them see the monstrosity you are pet- ting over there. Let them see the foul thing and decide for themselves whether they want that thing thawed out in this camp. “Thawed out, by the way. That’s got to be thawed out in one of the shacks to-night, if it is thawed out. Somebody —who’s watchman to-night? Magnetic —oh, Connant. Cosmic rays to-night. Well, you get to sit up with that twenly- million-year-old mummy of his. “Unwrap it, Blair. How the hell can they tell what they are buying, if they can't see it? It may have a different chemistry. I don't care w'hat else it has, but I know it has something I don’t want. If you can judge by the look on its face—it isn’t human so maybe you can't—it was annoyed when it froze. Annoyed, in fact, is just about as close an approximation of the way it felt as crazy, mad, insane hatred. Neither one touches the subject. “How the hell can these birds tell what they are voting on? They haven't seen those three red eyes, and that blue hair like crawling worms. Crawling— damn, it’s crawling there in the ice right now! “Nothing Earth ever spawned had the “WHO GOES THERE?” 67 unutterable sublimation of devastating wrath that thing let loose in its face when it looked around his frozen deso- lation twenty million years ago. Mad ? It was mad clear through—searing, blis- tering mad! "Hell, I've had bad dreams ever since I looked at those three red eyes. Night- mares. Dreaming the thing thawed out and came to life—that it wasn’t dead, or even wholly unconscious all those twenty million years, but just slowed, waiting—waiting. You’ll dream, too, while that damned thing that Earth wouldn’t own is dripping, dripping in ’the Cosmos House tonight. “And, Connant,” Norris whipped to- ward the cosmic ray specialist, “won’t you have fun sitting up all night in the quiet. Wind whining above—and that tiling dripping-” He stopped for a moment, and looked around. “I know. That’s not science. But this is, it’s psychology. You’ll have nightmares for a year to come. Every night since I looked at that thing I’ve had ’em. That’s why I hate it—sure I do—and don’t want it around. Put it back where it came from and let it freeze for another twenty million years. I had some swell nightmares—that it wasn’t made like we are—which is ob- vious—but of a different kind of flesh that it can really control. That it can change its shape, and look like a man— and wait to kill and eat- “That’s not a logical argument. I know it isn’t. The thing isn’t Earth- logic anyway. - “Maybe it has an alien body-chemis- try, and maybe its bugs do have a dif- ferent body-chemistry. A germ might not stand that, but, Blair and Copper, how about a virus? That's just an enzyme molecule, you’ve said. That wouldn’t need anything but a protein molecule of any body to work on. “And how are you so sure that, of the million varieties of microscopic life it may have, none of them are danger- AST—5 ous. How about diseases like hydropho- bia—rabies—that attacks any warm- blooded creature, whatever its body- chemistry may be? And parrot fever? Have you a body like a parrot. Blair? And plain rot—gangrene—necrosis if you want? That isn’t choosy about body chemistry!” BLAIR LOOKED up from his put- tering long enough to meet Norris’ an- gry, gray eyes for an instant. “So far the only tiling you have said this thing gave off that was catching was dreams. I’ll go so far as to admit that.” An impish, slightly malignant grin crossed the little man’s seamed face. “I had some, too. So. It’s dream-infectious. No doubt an exceedingly dangerous malady. “So far as your other things go, you have a badly mistaken idea about viruses. In the first place, nobody has shown that the enzyme-molecule theory, and that alone, explains them. And in the second place, when you catch tobacco mosaic or wheat rust, let me know. A wheat plant is a lot nearer your body- chemistry than this other-world crea- ture is. “And your rabies is limited, strictly limited. You can’t get it from, nor give it to, a wheat plant or a fish—which is a collateral descendant of a common an- cestor of yours. Which this, Norris, is not.” Blair nodded pleasantly toward the tarpaulined bulk on the table. “Well, thaw the damned thing in a tub of formalin if you must thaw it. I’ve suggested that-” “And I’ve said there would be no sense in it. You can’t compromise. Why did you and Commander Garry come down here to study magnetism? Why weren’t you content to stay at home? There’s magnetic force enough in New York. I could no more study the life this thing once had from a for- malin-pickled sample than you could get the information you wanted back in New 68 ASTOUNDING SCIENCE-FICTION York. And—if this one is so treated, never in all time to co-me can there be a duplicate! The race it came from must have passed away in the twenty million years it lay frozen, so that even if it came from Mars then, we’d never find its like. And—the ship is gone. “There’s only one way to do this— and that is the best possible way. It must be thawed slowly, carefully, and not in formalin.” Commander Garry stood forward again, and Norris stepped back mutter- ing angrily. "I think Blair is right, gen- tlemen. What do you say?” Connant grunted. "It sounds right to us, I think—only perhaps he ought to stand watch over it while it’s thaw- ing.” He grinned ruefully, brushing a stray lock of ripe-cherry hair back from his forehead. “Swell idea, in fact—if he sits up with his jolly little corpse.” Garry smiled slightly. A general chuckle of agreement rippled over the group. “I should think any ghost it may have bad would have starved to death if it hung around here that long, Connant,” Garry suggested. “And you look capable of taking care of it. ‘Iron- man’ Connant ought to be able to take out any opposing players, still.” Connant shook himself uneasily. “I’m not worrying about ghosts. Let’s see that thing. I-” Eagerly Blair was stripping back the ropes. A single throw of the tarpaulin revealed the thing. The ice had melted somewhat in the heat of the room, and it was clear and blue as thick, good glass. It shone wet and sleek under the harsh light of the unshielded globe above. The room stiffened abruptly. It was face up there on the plain, greasy planks of the table. The broken haft of the bronze ice-ax was still buried in the queer skull. Three mad, hate-filled eyes blazed up with a living fire, bright as fresh-spilled blood, from a face ringed with a writhing, loathsome nest of worms, blue, mobile worms that crawled where hair should grow- Van Wall, six feet and 200 pounds of ice-nerved pilot, gave a queer, stran- gled gasp and butted, stumbled his way out to tbe corridor. Half the company broke for the doors. The others stum- bled away from the table. McReady stood at one end of the ta- ble watching them, his great body planted solid on his powerful legs. Nor- ris from the opposite end glowered at the thing with smouldering hate. Out- side the door, Garry was talking with half a dozen of the men at once. Blair had a tack hammer. The ice that cased the thing schluffed crisply under its steel claw as it peeled from the thing it had cased for twenty thou- sand thousand years- III. “I KNOW you don’t like the thing, Connant, but it just has to be thawed out right. You say leave it as it is till we get back to civilization. All right, I’ll admit your argument that we could do a better and more complete job there “WHO GOES THERE?” 69 is sound. But—how are we going to get this across the Line ? We have to take this through one temperate zone, the equatorial zone, and half way through the other temperate zone be- fore we get it to New York. You don't want to sit with it one night, but you suggest, then, that I hang its corpse in the freezer with the beef?” Blair looked up from his cautious chipping, his bald, freckled skull nodding triumphantly. Kinner, the stocky, scar-faced cook, saved Connant the trouble of answering. “Hey, you listen, mister. You put that thing in the box with the meat, and by all the gods there ever were, I’ll put you in to keep it company. You birds b.ave brought everything movable in this camp in onto my mess tables here al- ready, and I had to stand for that. But you go putting things like that in my meat box, or even my meat cache here, and you cook your own damn grub.” “But, Kinner, this is the only table in Big Magnet that’s big enough to work on,” Blair objected. “Everybody’s ex- plained that.” “Yeah, and everybody’s brought ev- erything in here. Clark brings his dogs every time there’s a fight and sews them up on that table. Ralsen brings in his sledges. Hell, the only thing you haven’t had on that table is the Boeing. And you’d ’a’ had that in if you coulda fig- ured a way to get it through the tunnels.” Commander Garry chuckled and grinned at Van Wall, the huge Chief Pilot. Van Wall’s great blond beard twitched suspiciously as he nodded gravely to Kinner. “You’re right, Kin- ner. The aviation department is the only one that treats you right.” “It does get crowded, Kinner,” Garry acknowledged. “But I’m afraid we all find it that way at times. Not much privacy in an antarctic camp.” “Privacy? What the hell's that? You know, the thing that really made me weep, was when I saw Barclay marchin’ through here chantin’ ‘The last lumber in the camp! The last lumber in the camp!’ and carryin’ it out to build that house on his tractor. Damn it, I missed that moon cut in the door he carried out more’n I missed the sun when it set. That wasn’t just the last lumber Bar- clay was walkin' off with. He was car- ryin’ off the last bit of privacy in this blasted place.” A grin rode even on Connant’s heavy face as Kinner’s perennial, good-natured grouch came up again. But it died away quickly as his dark, deep-set eyes turned again to the red-eyed thing Blair was chipping from its cocoon of ice. A big hand ruffed his shoulder-length hair, and tugged at a twisted lock that fell behind his ear in a familiar gesture. “I know that cosmic ray shack’s going to be too crowded if I have to sit up with that thing,” he growled. “Why can’t you go on chipping the ice away from around it—you can do that without any- body butting in, I assure you—and then hang the thing up over the power-plant boiler? That’s warm enough. It’ll thaw out a chicken, even a whole side of beef, in a few hours.” “I know,” Blair protested, dropping the tack hammer to gesture more effec- tively with his bony, freckled fingers, his small body tense with eagerness, “but this is too important to take any chances. There never was a find like this; there never can be again. It’s the only chance men will ever have, and it has to be done exactly right. “LOOK, you know how the fish we caught down near the Ross Sea would freeze almost as soon as we got them on deck, and come to life again if we thawed them gently? Low forms of life aren’t killed by quick freezing and slow thawing. We have-” “Hey, for the love of Heaven—you mean that damned thing will come to life!” Connant yelled. “You get the damned thing- Let me at it! That’s going to be in so many pieces-” 70 ASTOUNDING SCIENCE-FICTION "NO! No, you fool-” Blair jumped in front of Connant to protect his precious find. "No. Just low forms of life. For Pete's sake let me finish. You can’t thaw higher forms of life and have them come to. Wait a moment now—hold it! A fish can come to after freezing because it’s so low a form of life that the individual cells of its body can revive, and that alone is enough to reestablish life. Any higher forms thawed out that way are dead. Though the individual cells revive, they die be- cause there must be organization and cooperative effort to live. That coop- eration cannot be reestablished. There is a sort of potential life in any unin- jured, quick-frozen animal. But it can’t —can't under any circumstances—be- come active life in higher animals. The higher animals are too complex, too delicate. This is an intelligent creature as high in its evolution as we are in ours. Perhaps higher. It is as dead as a frozen man would be.” "How do you know ?” demanded Con- nant, hefting the ice-ax he had seized a moment before. Commander Garry laid a restraining hand on his heavy shoulder. "Wait a minute, Connant. I want to get this straight. I agree that there is going to be no thawing of this thing if there is the remotest chance of its revival. I quite agree it is much too unpleasant to have alive, but I had no idea there was the remotest possibility.” Dr. Copper pulled his pipe from be- tween his teeth and heaved his stocky, dark body from the bunk he had been sitting in. “Blair’s being technical. That’s dead. As dead as the mammoths they find frozen in Siberia. Potential life is like atomic energy—there, but nobody can get it out, and it certainly won’t release itself except in rare cases, as rare as radium in the chemical anal- ogy. We have all sorts of proof that things don’t live after being frozen— not even fish, generally speaking—and no proof that higher animal life can un- der any circumstances. What’s the point, Blair?” The little biologist shook himself. The little ruff of hair standing out around his bald pate waved in righteous anger. "The point is,” he said in an injured tone, "that the individual cells might show the characteristics they had in life, if it is properly thawed. A man’s mus- cle cells live many hours after he has died. Just because they live, and a few things like hair and fingernail cells still live, you wouldn’t accuse a corpse of being a Zombie, or something. "Now if I thaw this right, I may have a chance to determine what sort of world it’s native to. We don’t, and can't know by ar.y other means, whether it came from Earth or Mars or Venus or from beyond the stars. "And just because it looks unlike men, you don’t have to accuse it of being evil, or vicious or something. Maybe that expression on its face is its equivalent to a resignation to fate. White is the color of mourning to the Chinese. If men can have different customs, why can’t a so-different race have different understandings of facial expressions?” CONNANT laughed softly, mirth- lessly. "Peaceful resignation ! If that is the best it could do in the way of resignation, I should exceedingly dislike seeing it when it was looking mad. That face was never designed to express peace. It just didn’t have any philosophical thoughts like peace in its make-up. "I know it’s your pet—but be sane about it. That thing grew up on evil, adolesced slowly roasting alive the local equivalent of kittens, and amused itself through maturity on new and ingenious torture.” “You haven’t the slightest right to say that,” snapped Blair. “How do you know the first thing about the meaning of a facial expression inherently inhu- man? It may well have no human “WHO GOES THERE?” 71 equivalent whatever. That is just a dif- ferent development of Nature, another example of Nature’s wonderful adapta- bility. Growing on another, perhaps harsher world, it has different form and features. But it is just as much a legiti- mate child of Nature as you are. You are displaying that childish human weak- ness of hating the different. On its own world it would probably class you as a fish-belly, white monstrosity with an in- sufficient number of eyes and a fungoid body pale and bloated with gas. “Just because its nature is different, you haven’t any right to say it’s neces- sarily evil.” Norris burst out a single, explosive, “Haw!" He looked down at the thing. “May be that things from other worlds don’t have to be evil just because they’re different. But that thing was! Child of Nature, eh? Well, it was a hell of an evil Nature.” “Aw, will you mugs cut crabbing at each other and get the damned thing off my table?" Kinner growled. “And put a canvas over it. It looks indecent.” “Kinner’s gone modest,” jeered Con- nant. Kinner slanted his eyes up to the big physicist. The scarred cheek twisted to join the line of his tight lips in a twisted grin. “All right, big boy, and what were you grousing about a minute ago? We can set the thing in a chair next to you tonight, if you want.” “I’m not afraid of its face,” Connant snapped. “I don’t like keeping a wake over its corpse particularly, but I’m going to do it.” Kinner’s grin spread. “Uh-hu.” He went off to the galley stove and shook down ashes vigorously, drowning the brittle chipping of the ice as Blair fell to work again. IV. “CLUCK,” reported the cosmic ray counter, “cluck-biirrrp-cluckConnant started and dropped his pencil. “Damnation." The physicist looked toward the far corner, back at the Gieger counter on the table near that corner, and crawled under the desk at which he had been working to retrieve the pencil. He sat down at his work again, trying to make his writing more even. It tended to have jerks and quavers in it, in time with the abrupt proud-hen noises of the Gieger counter. The muted whoosh of the pressure lamp he was using for illumination, the mingled gar- gles and bugle calls of a dozen men sleeping down the corridor in Paradise House formed the background sounds for the irregular, clucking noises of the counter, the occasional rustle of falling coal in the copper-bellied stove. And a soft, steady drip-d rip-dri p from the thing in the corner. Connant jerked a pack of cigarettes from his pocket, snapped it so that a cigarette protruded and jabbed the cyl- inder into his mouth. The lighter failed to function, and he pawed angrily through the pile of papers in search of a match. He scratched the wheel of the lighter several times, dropped it with a curse and got up to pluck a hot coal from the stove with the coal-tongs. The lighter functioned instantly when he tried it on returning to the desk. The counter ripped out a series of chuckling guffaws as a burst of cosmic rays struck through to it. Connant turned to glower at it, and tried to con- centrate on the interpretation of data collected during the past week. The weekly summary- He gave up and yielded to curiosity, or nervousness. He lifted the pressure lamp from the desk and carried it over to the table in the corner. Then he re- turned to the stove and picked up the coal tongs. The beast had been thaw- ing for nearly 18 hours now. He poked at it with an unconscious caution; the flesh was no longer hard as armor plate, but had assumed a rubbery tex- ture. It looked like wet, blue rubber 72 ASTOUNDING SCIENCE-FICTION glistening under droplets of water like little round jewels in the glare of the gasoline pressure lantern. Connant felt an unreasoning desire to pour the con- tents of the lamp’s reservoir over the thing in its box and drop the cigarette into it. The three red eyes glared up at him sightlessly, the ruby eyeballs re- flecting murky, smoky rays of light. He realized vaguely that he had been looking at them for a very long time, even vaguely understood that they were no longer sightless. But it did not seem of importance, of no more importance than labored, slow motion of the tentacular things that sprouted from the base of the scrawny, slowly pulsing neck. Connant picked up the pressure lamp and returned to his chair. He sat down, staring at the pages of mathematics be- fore him. The clucking of the counter was strangely less disturbing, the rustle of the coals in the stove no longer dis- tracting. The creak of the floorboards behind him didn’t interrupt his thoughts as he went about his weekly report in an auto- matic manner, filling in columns of’ data and making brief, summarizing notes. The creak of the floorboards sounded nearer. V. BLAIR came up from the nightmare- haunted depths of sleep abruptly. Con- nant’s face floated vaguely above him; for a moment it seemed a continuance of the wild horror of the dream. But Connant’s face was angry, and a little frightened. "Blair—Blair you damned log, wake up.” “Uh—eh?” the little biologist rubbed his eyes, his bony, freckled fingers crooked to a mutilated child-iist. From surrounding bunks other faces lifted to stare down at them. Connant straightened up. "Get up— and get a lift on. Your damned ani- mal’s escaped.” "Escaped—what!” Chief Pilot Van Wall’s bull voice roared out with a vol- ume that shook the walls. Down the communication tunnels other voices yelled suddenly. The dozen inhabitants of Paradise House tumbled in abruptly, Barclay, stocky and bulbous in long woolen underwear, carrying a fire ex- tinguisher. "What the hell’s the matter?” Barclay demanded. “Your damned beast got loose. I fell asleep about twenty minutes ago, and when I woke up, the thing was gone. Hey, Doc, the hell you say those things can’t come to life. Blair’s blasted po- tential life developed a hell of a lot of potential and walked out on us.” Copper stared blankly. “It wasn’t— Earthly,” he sighed suddenly. "I—I guess Earthly laws don’t apply.” "Well, it applied for leave of absence and took it. We’ve got to find it and capture it somehow.” Connant swore bitterly, his deep-set black eyes sullen and angry. "It’s a wonder the hellish creature didn’t eat me in my sleep.” Blair started back, bis pale eyes sud- denly fear-struck. "Maybe it di—er— uh—we’ll have to find it.” "You find it. It’s your pet. I’ve had all I want to do with it, sitting there for seven hours with the counter cluck- ing every lew seconds, and you birds in here singing night-music. It’s a won- der I got to sleep. I’m going through to the Ad Building.” Commander Garry ducked through the doorway, pulling his belt tight. "You won’t have to. Van’s roar sounded like the Boeing taking off down wind. So it wasn’t dead ?” "I didn't carry it off in my arms, I assure you,” Connant snapped. "The last I saw, that split skull was oozing green goo, like a squashed caterpillar. Doc just said our laws don’t work—it’s unearthly. Well, it’s an unearthly mon- ster, with an unearthly disposition, judg- ing by the face, wandering around with a split skull and brains oozing out.” “WHO GOES THERE?” 73 Norris and McReady appeared in the doorway, a doorway filling with other shivering men. “Has anybody seen it coming over here?” Norris asked in- nocently. “About four feet tall—three red eyes—brains oozing out- Hey, lias anybody checked to make sure this isn’t a cracked idea of humor? If it is, I think we’ll unite in tying Blair’s pet around Connant’s neck like the Ancient Mariner’s albatross.” “It’s no humor,” Connant shivered. “Lord, I wish it were. I’d rather wear-” He stopped. A wild, weird howl shrieked through the corridors. The men stiffened abruptly, and half turned. “I THINK it’s been located,” Con- nant finished. His dark eyes shifted with a queer unease. He darted back to his bunk in Paradise House, to re- turn almost immediately with a heavy .45 revolver and an ice-ax. He hefted both gently as he started for the corri- dor toward Dogtown. “It blundered down the wrong corridor—and landed among the huskies. Listen—the dogs have broken their chains-” The half-terrorized howl of the dog pack had changed to a wild hunting melee. The voices of the dogs thun- dered in the narrow corridors, and through them came a low rippling snarl of distilled hate. A shrill of pain, a dozen snarling yelps. Connant broke for the door. Close behind him, McReady, then Barclay and Commander Garry came. Other men broke for the Ad Building, and weapons —the sledge house. Pomroy, in charge of Big Magnet’s five cows, started down the corridor in the opposite direction— he had a six-foot-handled, long-tined pitchfork in mind. Barclay slid to a halt, as McReady’s giant bulk turned abruptly away from the tunnel leading to Dogtown, and van- ished off at an angle. Uncertainly, the mechanician wavered a moment, the fire extinguisher in his hands, hesitating from one side to the other. Then he was racing after Connant’s broad back. Whatever McReady had in mind, he could be trusted to make it work. Connant stopped at the bend in the corridor. His breath hissed suddenly through his throat. “Great God-” The revolver exploded thunderously; three numbing, palpable waves of sound crashed through the confined corridors. Two more. The revolver dropped to the hard-packed snow of the trail, and Bar- clay saw the ice-ax shift into defensive position. Connant's powerful body blocked his vision, but beyond he heard something mewing, and, insanely, chuck- ling. The dogs were quieter; there was a deadly seriousness in their low snarls. Taloned feet scratched at hard-packed snow, broken chains were clinking and tangling. Connant shifted abruptly, and Barclay could see what lay beyond. For a sec- ond he stood frozen, then his breath went out in a gusty curse. The Thing launched itself at Connant, the powerful arms of the man swung the ice-ax flat- side first at what might have been a head. It scrunched horribly, . and the tattered flesh, ripped by a half-dozen savage huskies, leapt to its feet again. The red eyes blazed with an unearthly hatred, an unearthly, unkillable vitality. Barclay turned the fire extinguisher on it; the blinding, blistering stream of chemical spray confused it, baffled it, together with the savage attacks of the huskies, not for long afraid of anything that did, or could live, held it at bay. McReady wedged men out of his way and drove down the narrow corridor packed with men unable to reach the scene. There was a sure fore-planned drive to McReady’s attack. One of the giant blow-torche» used in warming the plane's engines was in his bronzed hands. It roared gustily as he turned the corner and opened the valve. The mad mew- ing hissed louder. The dogs scrambled 74 ASTOUNDING SCIENCE-FICTION back from tbe three-foot lance of blue- hot flame. "Bar, get a power cable, run it in somehow. And a handle. We can elec- trocute this—monster, if I don’t incin- erate it.” McReady spoke with an authority of planned action. Barclay turned down the long corridor to the power plant, but already before him Nor- ris and Van Wall were racing down. BARCLAY found the cable in the electrical cache in the tunnel wall. In a half minute be was hacking at it, walking back. Van Wall’s voice rang out in warning shout of "Power!” as the emergency gasoline-powered dynamo thudded into action. Half a dozen other men were down there now; the coal, kindling were going into the firebox of the steam power plant. Norris, cursing in a low, deadly monotone, was working with quick, sure fingers on the other end of Barclay’s cable, splicing in a con- tactor in one of the power leads. The dogs had fallen back when Bar- clay reached the corridor bend, fallen back before a furious monstrosity that glared from baleful red eyes, mewing in trapped hatred. The dogs were a semi- circle of red-dipped muzzles with a fringe of glistening white teeth, whining with a vicious eagerness that near matched the fury of the red eyes. Mc- Ready stood confidently alert at the cor- ridor bend, the gustily muttering torch held loose and ready for action in bis hands. He stepped aside without mov- ing his eyes from the beast as Barclay came up. There was a slight, tight smile on his lean, bronzed face. Norris’ voice called down the corri- dor, and Barclay stepped forward. The cable was taped to the long handle of a snow-shovel, the two conductors split, and held 18 inches apart by a scrap of lumber lashed at right angles across the far end of the handle.. Bare copper con- ductors, charged with 220 volts, glinted in the light of pressure lamps. The Things mewed and hated and dodged. McReady advanced to Barclay’s side. The dogs beyond sensed the plan with the almost-telepathic intelligence of trained huskies. Their whining grew shriller, softer, their mincing steps car- ried them nearer. Abruptly a huge, mght-black Alaskan leapt onto the trapped thing. It turned squalling, sa- ber-clawed feet slashing. Barclay leapt forward and jabbed. A weird, shrill scream rose and choked out. The smell of burnt flesh in the corridor intensified; greasy smoke curled up. The echoing pound of the gas-electric dynamo down the corridor became a slogging thud. The red eyes clouded over in a stiff- ening, jerking travesty of a face. Arm- like, leglike members quivered and jerked. The dogs leapt forward, and Barclay yanked back his shovel-handled weapon. The thing on the snow did not move as gleaming teeth ripped it open. VI. GARRY looked about the crowded room. Thirty-two men, some tensed nervously standing against, the wall, some uneasily relaxed, some sitting, most perforce standing, as intimate as sardines. Thirty-two, plus the five en- gaged in sewing up wounded dogs, made thirty-seven, the total personnel. Garry started speaking. “All right, I guess we’re here. Some of you—three or four at most—saw what happened. All of you have seen that thing on the table, and can get a general idea. Any- one hasn’t, I’ll lift-” His hand strayed to the tarpaulin bulking over the thing on the table. There was an acrid odor of singed flesh seeping out of it. The men stirred restlessly, hasty denials. "It looks rather as though Charnauk isn’t going to lead any more teams,” Garry went on. "Blair wants to get at this thing, and make some more de- tailed examination. We want to know “WHO GOES THERE?” 75 what happened, and make sure right now that this is permanently, totally dead. Right?” Connant grinned. “Anybody that doesn’t can sit up with it to-night.” “All right then, Blair, what can you say about it? What was it?” Garry turned to the little biologist. “I wonder if we ever saw its natural form,” Blair looked at the covered mass. “It may have been imitating the beings that built that ship—but I don’t think it was. I think that was its true form. Those of us who were up near the bend saw the thing in action; the thing on the table is the result. When it got loose, apparently, it started looking around. Antarctica still frozen as it was ages ago when the creature first saw it —and froze. From my observations while it was thawing out, and the bits of tissue I cut and hardened then, I think it was native to a hotter planet than Earth. It couldn’t, in its natural form, stand the temperature. There is 110 life-form 011 Earth that can live in Antarctica during the winter, but the best compromise is the dog. It found the dogs, and somehow got near enough to Charpauk to get him. The others smelled it—heard it—I don't know— anyway they went wild, and broke chains, and attacked it before it was fin- ished. The thing we found was part Charnauk, queerly only half-dead, part Charnauk half-digested by the jellylike protoplasm of that creature, and part the remains of the thing we originally found, sort of melted down to the basic proto- plasm. “When the dogs attacked it, it turned into the best fighting thing it could think of. Some other-world beast apparently.” “Turned,” snapped Garry. “How?” “Every living thing is made up of jelly—protoplasm and minute, submicro- scopic things called nuclei, which control the bulk, the protoplasm. This thing was just a modification of that same world-wide plan of Nature; cells made up of protoplasm, controlled by infinitely tinier nuclei. You physicists might com- pare it—an individual cell of any living thing—with an atom; the bulk of the atom, the space-filling part, is made up of the electron orbits, but the character of the thing is determined by the atomic nucleus. “This isn’t wildly beyond what vve already know. It’s just a modification we haven’t seen before. It’s as natural, as logical, as any other manifestation of life. It obeys exactly the same laws. The cells are made of protoplasm, their character determined by the nucleus. “ONLY in this creature, the cell- nuclei can control those cells at will. It disgested Charnauk, and as it digested, studied every cell of his tissue, and shaped its own cells to imitate them ex- actly. Parts of it—parts that had time to finish changing—are dog-cells. But they don’t have dog-cell nuclei.” Blair lifted a fraction of the tarpaulin. A torn dog’s leg, with stiff gray fur protruded. “That, for instance, isn’t dog at all; it’s imitation. Some parts I’m uncertain about; the nucleus was hiding itself, covering up with dog-cell imitation nu- cleus. In time, not even a microscope would have shown the difference.” “Suppose,” asked Norris bitterly, “it had had lots of time?” “Then it would have been a dog. The other dogs would have accepted it. We would have accepted it. I don’t think anything would have distinguished it, not microscope, nor X-ray, nor any other means. This is a member of a supremely intelligent race, a race that has learned the deepest secrets of biol- ogy, and turned them to its use.” “What was it planning to do?” Bar- clay looked at the humped tarpaulin. Blair grinned unpleasantly. The wa- vering halo of thin hair round his bald pate wavered in a stir of air. “Take over the world, I imagine.” “Take over the world! Just it, all by 76 ASTOUNDING SCIENCE-FICTION itself?” Connant gasped. “Set itself up as a lone dictator?” "No,” Blair shook his head. The scal- pel he had been fumbling in his bony lingers dropped ; he bent to pick it up, so that his face was hidden as he spoke. “It would become the population of the world.” "Become—populate the world? Does it reproduce asexually?” Blair shook his hand and gulped. "It’s—it doesn’t have to. It weighed 85 pounds. Charnauk weighed about 90. It would have become Charnauk, and had 85 pounds left, to become—oh, Jack for instance, or Chinook. It can imi- tate anything—that is, become anything. If it had reached the Antarctic Sea, it would have become a seal, maybe two seals. They might have attacked a killer whale, and become either killers, or a herd of seals. Or maybe it would have caught an albatross, or a skua gull, and flown to South America.” Norris cursed softly. “And every time it digested something, and imitated it-” "It would have had its original bulk left, to start again,” Blair finished. "Nothing would kill it. It has no natu- ral enemies, because it becomes what- ever it wants to. If a killer whale at- tacked it, it would become a killer whale. If it was an albatross, and an eagle at- tacked it, it would become an eagle. Lord, it might become a female eagle. Go back—build a nest and lay eggs!” “Are you sure that thing from hell is dead?” Dr. Copper asked softly. “Yes, thank Heaven,” the little biolo- gist gasped. “After they drove the dogs off, I stood there poking Bar’s electro- cution thing into it for five minutes. It’s dead and—cooked.” “Then we can only give thanks that this is Antarctica, where there is not one, single, solitary, living thing for it to imitate, except these animals in camp.” “Us,” Blair giggled. "It can imitate us. Dogs can’t make 400 miles to the sea; there’s no food. There aren’t any skua gulls to imitate at this season. There aren’t any penguins this far in- land. There’s nothing that can reach the sea from this point—except us. We’ve got brains. We can do it. Don’t you see—it’s got to imitate us—it’s got to be one of us—that’s the only %vay it can fly an airplane—fly a plane jar txvo hours, and rule—be—all Earth’s inhabi- tants. A world for the taking—if it imi- tates us! “It didn’t know yet. It hadn’t had a chance to learn. It was rushed—hur- ried—took the thing nearest its own size. Look—I’m Pandora! I opened the box! And the only hope that can come out is—that nothing can come out. You didn’t see me. I did it. I fixed it. I smashed every magneto. Not a plane can fly. Nothing can fly.” Blair gig- gled and lay down on the floor crying. CHIEF PILOT Van Wall made a dive for the door. His feet were fading echoes in the corridors as Dr. Copper bent unhurriedly over the little man on the floor. From his office at the end of the room he brought something, and in- jected a solution into Blair’s arm. “He might come out of it when he wakes up,” he sighed rising. McReady helped him lift the biologist onto a near-by bunk. “It all depends on whether we can convince him that thing is dead.” Van Wall ducked into the shack brushing his heavy blond beard absently. “I didn’t think a biologist would do a thing like that up thoroughly. He missed the spares in the second cache. It’s all right. I smashed them.” Commander Garry nodded. "I was wondering about the radio.” Dr. Copper snorted. “You don’t think it can leak out on a radio wave do you ? You’d have five rescue attempts in the next three months if you stop the broad- casts. The thing to do is talk loud and not make a sound. Now I wonder-” McReady looked speculatively at the “WHO GOES THERE?” 77 doctor. “It might be like ail infectious disease. Everything that drank any of its blood-” Copper shook his head. “Blair missed something. Imitate it may. but it has, to a certain extent, its own body chemis- try. its own metabolism. If it didn’t, it would become a dog—and be a dog and nothing more. It has to be an imi- tation dog. Therefore you can detect it by serum tests. And its chemistry, since it comes from another world, must be so wholly, radically different that a few cells, such as gained by drops of blood, would be treated as disease germs by the dog, or human body.” “Blood—would one of those imita- tions bleed?” Norris demanded. “Surely. Nothing mystic about blood. Muscle is about 90% water; blood dif- fers only in having a couple per cent more water, and less connective tissue. They’d bleed all right,” Copper assured him. Blair sat up in his bunk suddenly. “Connant—where’s Connant ?” The physicist moved over toward the little biologist. “Here I am. What do you want ?” “Are you ?” giggled Blair. He lapsed back into the bunk contorted with silent laughter. Connant looked at him blankly. “Huh? Am I what?” “Are you there?” Blair burst into gales of laughter. “Are you Connant? The beast wanted to be a man—not a clog-” VII. DR. COPPER rose wearily from the bunk, and washed the hypodermic care- fully. The little tinkles it made seemed loud in the packed room, now that Blair's gurgling laughter bad finally quieted. Copper looked toward Garry and shook his head slowly. “Hopeless, I’m afraid. I don’t think we can ever convince him the thing is dead now.” Norris laughed uncertainly. “I’m not sure you can convince me. Oh, damn you, McReady.” “McReady?” Commander Garry turned to look from Norris to McReady curiously. “The nightmares,” Norris explained. “He had a theory about the nightmares we had at the Secondary Station after finding that thing.” “And that was?” Garry looked at McReady levelly. Norris answered for him, jerkily, un- easily. “That the creature wasn’t dead, had a sort of enormously slowed exist- ence, an existence that permitted it, none the less, to be vaguely aware of the pass- ing of time, of our coming, after endless years. I had a dream it could imitate things.” “Well,” Copper grunted, “it can.” “Don’t be an ass,” Norris snapped. “That’s not what’s bothering me. In the dream it could read minds, read thoughts and ideas and mannerisms.” “What's so bad about that ? It seems to be worrying you more than the thought of the joy we're going to have with a mad man in an Antarctic camp.” Copper nodded toward Blair’s sleeping form. McReady shook his great head slowly. “You know that Connant is Connant, be- cause he not merely looks like Connant —which we’re beginning to believe that beast might be able to do—but he thinks like Connant, talks like Connant, moves himself around as Connant does. That takes more than merely a body that looks like him; that takes Connant’s own mind, and thoughts and mannerisms. Therefore, though you know that the thing might make itself look like Con- nant, you aren't much bothered, because you know it has a mind from another world, a totally unhuman mind, that couldn't possibly react and think and talk like a man we know, and do it so well as to fool us for a moment. The idea of the creature imitating one of us is fascinating, but unreal because it is 78 ASTOUNDING SCIENCE-FICTION too completely unhuman to deceive us. It doesn’t have a human mind.” "As I said before,” Norris repeated, looking steadily at McRcady, "you can say the damnedest things at the damned- est times. Will you be so good as to fin- ish that thought—one way or the other ?” Kinner, the scar-faced expedition cook, had been standing near Connant. Suddenly he moved down the length of the crowded room toward his familiar galley. He shook the ashes from the galley stove noisily. "It would do it no good,” said Dr. Copper, softly as though thinking out loud, “to merely look like something it was trying to imitate; it would have to understand its feelings, its reactions. It is unhuman; it has powers of imitation beyond any conception of man. A good actor, by training himself, can imitate another man, another man’s mannerisms, well enough to fool most people. Of course no actor could imitate so perfectly as to deceive men who had been living with the imitated one in the complete lack of privacy of an antarctic camp. That would take a super-human skill.” "Oh, you’ve got the bug too ?” Norris cursed softly. CONNANT, standing alone at one end of the room, looked about him wildly, his face white. A gentle eddying of the men had crowded them slowly down toward the other end of the room, so that he stood quite alone. “My God, will you two Jeremiahs shut up?” Con- nant’s voice shook. "What am I? Some kind of a microscopic specimen you’re dissecting? Some unpleasant worm you're discussing in the third person?” McReady looked up at him ; his slowly twisting hands stopped for a moment. “Having a lovely time. Wish you were here. Signed: Everybody. "Connant, if you think you’re having a hell of a time, just move over 011 the other end for a while. You’ve got one thing we haven't; you know what the answer is. I’ll tell you this, right now you’re the most feared and respected man in Big Magnet.” "Lord, I wish you could see your eyes,” Connant gasped. “Stop staring, will you! What the hell are you going to do?” "Have you any suggestions, Dr. Cop- per ?” Commander Garry asked steadily. “The present situation is impossible.” “Oh, is it?” Connant snapped. “Come over here and look at that crowd. By Heaven, they look exactly like that gang of huskies around the corridor bend. Benning, will you stop hefting that damned ice-ax ?” The coppery blade rang on the floor as the aviation mechanic nervously dropped it. He bent over and picked it up instantly, hefting it slowly, turning it in his hands, his brown eyes moving jerkily about the room. Copper sat down on the bunk beside Blair. The wood creaked noisily in the room. Far down a corridor, a dog yelped in pain, and the dog-drivers’ tense voices floated softly back. “Mi- croscopic examination,” said the doctor thoughtfully, “would be useless, as Blair pointed out. Considerable time has passed. However, serum tests would be definitive.” “Serum tests? What do you mean exactly?” Commander Garry asked. “If I had a rabbit that had been in- jected with human blood—a poison to rabbits, of course, as is the blood of any animal save that of another rabbit—and the injections continued in increasing doses for some time, the rabbit would be human-immune. If a small quantity of its blood were drawn off, allowed to separate in a test-tube, and to the clear serum, a bit of human blood were added, there would be a visible reaction, prov- ing the blood was human. If cow, or dog blood were added—or any protein material other than that one thing, hu- man blood—no reaction would take place. That would prove definitely.” “WHO GOES THERE?” 79 “Can you suggest where I might catch a rabbit (or you, Doc?” Norris asked. “That is, nearer than Australia ; we don’t want to waste time going that far.” “I know there aren’t any rabbits in Antarctica,” Copper nodded, “but that is simply the usual animal. Any animal except man will do. A dog for instance. But it will take several days, and due to the greater size of the animal, con- siderable blood. Two of us will have to contribute.” “Would I do?” Garry asked. “That will make two,” Copper nod- ded. “I'll get to work on it right away.” “What alxmt Connant in the mean- time,” Kinner demanded. “I’m going out that door and head off for the Ross Sea before I cook for him.” “He may be human-” Copper started. Connant burst out in a flood of curses. “Human! May be human, you damned saw-bones! What in hell do you think I am?” “A monster,” Copper snapped sharply. “Now shut up and listen.” Connant’s face drained of color and he sat down heavily as the indictment was put in words. “Until we know—you know as well as we do that we have reason to question the fact, and only you know how that question is to be answered— we may reasonably be expected to lock you up. If you are—unhuman—you’re a lot more dangerous than poor Blair there, and I’m going to see that he’s locked up thoroughly. I expect that his next stage will be a violent desire to kill you, all the dogs, and probably all of us. When he wakes, he will be con- vinced we’re all unhuman, and nothing on the planet will ever change his con- viction. It would be kinder to let him die, but we can’t do that, of course. He’s going in one shack, and you can stay in Cosmos House with your cosmic ray apparatus. Which is about what you’d do anyway. I’ve got to fix up a couple of dogs.” Connant nodded bitterly. “I’m hu- man. Hurry that test. Your eyes— Lord, I wish you could see your eyes staring-” COMMANDER Garry watched anx- iously as Clark, the dog-handier, held the big brown Alaskan husky, while Cop- per began the injection treatment. The dog was not anxious to cooperate; the needle was painful, and already he’d experienced considerable needle work that morning. Five stitches held closed a slash that ran from his shoulder across the ribs half way down his body. One long fang was broken off short; the missing part was to be found half-buried in the shoulder bone of the monstrous thing on the table in the Ad Building. “How long will that take?” Garry asked, pressing his arm gently. It was sore from the prick of the needle Dr. Copper had used to withdraw blood. Copper shrugged. “I don't know, to be frank. I know the general method. I’ve used it on rabbits. But I haven’t experimented with dogs. They're big, clumsy animals to work with; naturally rabbits are preferable, and serve ordi- narily. In civilized places you can buy a stock of human-immune rabbits from suppliers, and not many investigators take the trouble to prepare their own.” “What do they want with them back there?” Clark asked. “Criminology is one large field. A says he didn’t murder B, but that the blood on his shirt came from killing a chicken. The State makes a test, then it’s up to A to explain how it is the blood reacts on human-immune rabbits, but not on chicken-immunes.” “What are we going to do with Blair in the meantime?” Garry asked wearily. “It’s all right to let him sleep where he is for a while, but when he wakes up-” “Barclay and Benning are fitting some bolts on the door of Cosmos House,” Copper replied grimly. “Connant’s act- 80 ASTOUNDING SCIENCE-FICTION ing like a gentleman. I think perhaps the way the other men look at him makes him rather want privacy. Lord knows, heretofore we’ve all of us indi- vidually prayed for a little privacy.” Clark laughed brittley. "Not any more, thank you. The more the mer- rier.” "Blair,” Copper went on, "will also have to have privacy—and locks. He’s going to have a pretty definite plan in mind when he wakes up. Ever hear the old story of how to stop hoof-and-mouth disease in cattle?” Clark and Garry shook their heads silently. "If there isn’t any hoof-and-mouth disease, there won’t be any hoof-and- mouth disease,” Copper explained. “You get rid of it by killing every animal that exhibits it, and every animal that’s been near the diseased animal. Blair’s a bi- ologist, and knows that story. Pie’s afraid of this thing we loosed. The an- swer is probably pretty clear in his mind now. Kill everybody and everything in this camp before a skua gull or a wan- dering albatross coming in with the spring chances out this way and—catches the disease.” Clark’s lips curled in a twisted grin. “Sounds logical to me. If things get too bad—maybe we’d better let Blair get loose. It would save us committing suicide. We might also make something of a vow that if things get bad, we see that that does happen.” COPPER laughed softly. “The last man alive in Big Magnet—wouldn’t be a man,” he pointed out. “Somebody’s got to kill those—creatures that don’t desire to kill themselves, you know. We don’t have enough thermite to do it all at once, and the decanite explosive wouldn’t help much. I have an idea that even small pieces of one of those beings would be self-sufficient.” "If,” said Garry thoughtfully, "they can modify their protoplasm at will, won’t they simply modify themselves to birds and fly away? They can read all about birds, and imitate their structure without even meeting them. Or imi- tate, perhaps, birds of their home planet.” Copper shook his head, and helped Clark to free the dog. "Man studied birds for centuries, trying to learn how to make a machine to fly like them. He never did do the trick; his final success came when he broke away entirely and tried new methods. Knowing the gen- eral idea, and knowing the detailed structure of wing and bone and nerve- tissue is something far, far different. And as for other-world birds, perhaps, in fact very probably, the atmospheric conditions here are so vastly different that their birds couldn’t fly. Perhaps, even, the being came from a planet like Mars with such a thin atmosphere that there were no birds.” Barclay came into the building, trail- ing a length of airplane control cable. “It’s finished, Doc. Cosmos House can’t be opened from the inside. Now where do we put Blair?” Copper looked toward Garry. “There wasn’t any biology building. I don’t know where we can isolate him.” "How about East Cache ?” Garry said after a moment’s thought. “Will Blair be able to look after himself—or need attention ?” "He’ll be capable enough. We’ll be the ones to watch out,” Copper assured him grimly. “Take a stove, a couple of bags of coal, necessary supplies and a few tools to fix it up. Nobody’s been out there since last fall, have they?” Garry shook his head. “If he gets noisy—I thought that might be a good idea.” Barclay hefted the tools he was carry- ing and looked up at Garry. “If the muttering he’s doing now is any sign, he’s going to sing away the night hours. And we won’t like his song.” "What’s he saying?” Copper asked. “WHO GOES THERE?” 81 Barclay shook his head. “I didn’t care to listen much. You can if you want to. But I gathered that the blasted idiot had all the dreams McReady had, and a few more. He slept beside the thing when we stopped on the trail com- ing in from Secondary Magnetic, re- member. He dreamt the thing was alive, and dreamt more details. And— damn his soul—knew it wasn’t all dream, or had reason to. He knew it had tele- pathic powers that were stirring vaguely, and that it could not only read minds, but project thoughts. They weren’t dreams, you see. They were stray thoughts that thing was broadcasting, the way Blair’s broadcasting his thoughts now—a sort of telepathic muttering in its sleep. That’s why he knew so much about its powers. I guess you and I, Doc, weren’t so sensitive—if you want to believe in telepathy.” “I have to,” Copper sighed. “Dr. Rhine of Duke University has shown that it exists, shown that some are much more sensitive than others.” “Well, if you want to learn a lot of details, go listen in on Blair’s broadcast. He’s driven most of the boys out of the Ad Building; Kinner’s rattling pans like coal going down a chute. When he can’t rattle a pan, he shakes ashes. “By the way, Commander, what are we going to do this spring, now the planes are out of it?” Garry sighed. “I'm afraid our expe- dition is going to be a loss. We cannot divide our strength now.” “It won’t be a loss—if we continue to live, and come out of this,” Copper promised him. “The find we’ve made, if we can get it under control, is im- portant enough. The cosmic ray data, magnetic work, and atmospheric work won’t be greatly hindered.” GARRY laughed mirthlessly. “I was just thinking of the radio broadcasts. Telling half the world about the won- derful results of our exploration flights, trying to fool men like Byrd and Ells- worth back home there that we’re doing something.” Copper nodded gravely. “They’ll know something's wrong. But men like that have judgment enough to know we wouldn’t do tricks without some sort of reason, and will wait for our return to judge us. I think it comes to this: men who know enough to recognize our de- ception will wait for our return. Men who haven’t discretion and faith enough to wait will not have the experience to detect any fraud. We know enough of the conditions here to put through a good bluff.” “Just so they don’t send ‘rescue’ ex- peditions," Garry prayed. “When—if—• we're ever ready to come out, we’ll have to send word to Captain Forsythe to bring a stock of magnetos with him when he comes down. But—never mind that.” “You mean if we don’t come out?” asked Barclay. “I was wondering if a nice running account of an eruption or an earthquake via radio—with a swell windup by using a stick of decanite un- der the microphone—would help. Noth- ing, of course, will entirely keep people out. One of those swell, melodramatic ‘last-man-alive-scenes’ might make ’em go easy though.” Garry smiled with genuine humor. “Is everybody in camp trying to figure that out too?” Copper laughed. “What do you think, Garry? We’re confident we can win out. But not too easy about it, I guess.” Clark grinned up from the dog he was petting into calmness. “Confident, did you say, Doc?” VIII. BLAIR MOVED restlessly around the small shack. His eyes jerked and quivered in vague, fleeting glances at the four men with him; Barclay, six feet tall and weighing over 190 pounds; Mc- Ready, a bronze giant of a man; Dr. 82 ASTOUNDING SCIENCE-FICTIQN Copper, short, squatly powerful; and Benning, five-feet-ten of wiry strength. Blair was huddled up against the far wall of the East Cache cabin, his gear piled in the middle of the floor beside the heating stove, forming an island be- tween him and the four men. His bony hands clenched and fluttered, terrified. His pale eyes wavered uneasily as his bald, freckled head darted about in bird- like motion. “I don't want anybody coming here. I’ll cook my own food,” he snapped nervously. "Kinner may be human now, hut I don't believe it. I’m going to get out of here, but I’m not going to eat any food you send me. I want cans. Sealed cans.” “O. K., Blair, we'll bring ’em tonight,” Barclay promised. "You’ve got coal, and the fire’s started. I’ll make a last -” Barclay started forward. Blair instantly scurried to the farthest corner. "Get out! Keep away from me, you monster!” the little biologist shrieked, and tried to claw his way through the wall of the shack. "Keep away from me—keep away—I won’t be absorbed—I won’t be-” Barclay relaxed and moved back. Dr. Copper shook his head. “Leave him alone, Bar. It’s easier for him to fix the thing himself. We’ll have to fix the door, I think-” The four men let themselves out. Efficiently, Benning and Barclay fell to work. There were no locks in Ant- arctica; there wasn’t enough privacy to make them needed. But powerful screws had been driven in each side of the door frame, and the spare aviation control cable, immensely strong, woven steel wire, was rapidly caught between them and drawn taut. Barclay went to work with a drill and a key-hole saw. Pres- ently he had a trap cut in the door through which goods could be passed without unlashing the entrance. Three powerful hinges from a stock-crate, two hasps and a pair of three-inch cotter- pins made it proof against opening from the other side. Blair moved about restlessly inside. He was dragging something over to the door with panting gasps and muttering, frantic curses. Barclay opened the hatch and glanced in, Dr. Copper peer- ing over his shoulder. Blair had moved the heavy bunk against the door. It could not be opened without his coop- eration now. "Don’t know but what the poor man’s right at that,” McReady sighed. “If he gets loose, it is his avowed intention to kill each and all of us as quickly as possible, which is something we don’t agree with. But we’ve something on our side of that door that is worse than a homicidal maniac. If one or the other has to get loose, I think I’ll come up and undo those lashings here.” Barclay grinned. "You let me know, and I’ll show you how to get these off fast. Let’s go back.” The sun was painting the northern horizon in multi-colored rainbows still, though it was two hours below the hori- zon. The field of drift swept off to the north, sparkling under its flaming colors in a million reflected glories. Low mounds of rounded white on the north- ern horizon showed the Magnet Range was barely awash above the sweeping drift. Little eddies of wind-lifted snow swirled away from their skis as they set out toward the main encampment two miles away. The spidery finger of the broadcast radiator lifted a gaunt black needle against the white of the Antarctic continent. The snow under their skis was like fine sand, hard and gritty. "SPRING,” said Benning bitterly, "is came. Ain’t we got fun ! And I’ve been looking forward to getting away from this blasted hole in the ice.” "I wouldn’t try it now, if I were you.” Barclay grunted. "Guys that set out from here in the next few days are go- ing to be marvelously unpopular.” "WHO GOES THERE?” 83 "How is your dog getting along, Dr. Copper?” McReady asked. "Any re- sults yet ?” "In 30 hours? I wish there were. I gave him an injection of my blood to- day. But I imagine another five days will be needed. I don’t know certainly enough to stop sooner.” "I’ve been wondering—if Connant were—changed, would he have warned us so soon after the animal escaped? Wouldn’t he have waited long enough for it to have a real chance to fix itself? Until we woke up naturally?” McReady asked slowly. "The thing is selfish. You didn’t think it looked as though it were pos- sessed of a store of the higher justices, did you?” Dr. Copper pointed out. “Every part of it is all of it, every part of it is all for itself, I imagine. If Con- nant were changed, to save his skin, he'd have to—but Connant’s feelings aren’t changed; they’re imitated per- fectly, or they’re his own. Naturally, the imitation, imitating perfectly Con- nant’s feelings, would do exactly what Connant would do.” "Say, couldn't Norris or Vane give Connant some kind of a test? If the thing is brighter than men, it might know more physics than Connant should, and they'd catch it out,” Barclay sug- gested. Copper shook his head wearily. “Not if it reads minds. You can’t plan a trap for it. Vane suggested that last night. He hoped it would answer some of the questions of physics he’d like to know answers to.” “This expedition-of-four idea is going to make life happy.” Benning looked at his companions. “Each of us with an eye on the others to make sure he doesn’t do something—peculiar. Man, aren’t we going to be a trusting bunch! Each man eyeing his neighbors with the grand- est exhibition of faith and trust- I’m beginning to know what Connant meant by ‘I wish you could see .your eyes’. AST—6 Every now and then we all have it, I guess. One of you looks around with a sort of T-wonder-if-the-other-fftr££- are-look.’ Incidentally, I’m not except' ing myself.” “So far as we know, the animal i3 dead, with a slight question as to Con- nant. No other is suspected,” McReady stated slowly. "The ‘always-four’ order is merely a precautionary measure.” "I’m waiting for Garry to make it four-in-a-bunk,” Barclay sighed. “I thought I didn’t have any privacy before, but since that order-” NONE WATCHED more tensely than Connant. A little sterile glass test- tube, half-filled with straw-colored fluid. One—two—three—four—five drops of the clear solution Dr. Copper had pre- pared from the drops of blood from Connant’s arm. The tube was shaken carefully, then set in a beaker of clear, warm water. The thermometer read blood heat, a little thermostat clicked 64 ASTOUNDING SCIENCE-FICTION noisily, and the elcctric hotplate began to glow as the lights flickered slightly. Then—little white flecks of precipita- tion were forming, snowing down in the clear straw-colored fluid. “Lord,” said Connant. He dropped heavily into a bunk, crying like a baby. “Six days—” Connant sobbed, “six days in there- wondering if that damned test would lie-” Garry moved over silently, and slipped his arm across the physicist’s back. “It couldn’t lie," Dr. Copper said. “The dog was human-immune—and the serum reacted.” “He’s—all right?” Norris gasped. “Then—the animal is dead—dead for- ever ?” “He is human,” Copper spoke defi- nitely, “and the animal is dead.” Kinner burst out laughing, laughing hysterically. McReady turned toward him and slapped his face with a me- thodical one-two, one-two action. The cook laughed, gulped, cried a moment, and sat up rubbing his cheeks, mumbling his thanks vaguely. “I was scared. Lord, I was scared-” Norris laughed brittley. “You think we weren’t, you ape? You think maybe Connant wasn’t?” The Ad Building stirred with a sud- den rejuvenation. Voices laughed, the men clustering around Connant spoke with unnecessarily loud voices, jittery, nervous voices relievedly friendly again. Somebody called out a suggestion, and a dozen started for their skis. Blair. Blair might recover- Dr. Copper fussed with his test-tubes in nervous re- lief, trying solutions. The party of re- lief for Blair’s shack started out the door, skis clapping noisily. Down the corri- dor, the dogs set up a quick yelping howl as the air of excited relief reached them. Dr. Copper fussed with his tubes. McReady noticed him first, sitting on the edge of the bunk, with two precipitin- whitened test-tubes of straw-colored fluid, his face whiter than the stuff in the tubes, silent tears slipping down from horror-widened eyes. McReady felt a cold knife of fear pierce through his heart and freeze in his breast. Dr. Copper looked up. “Garry,” he called hoarsely. “Garry, for God’s sake, come here.” Commander Garry walked toward him sharply. Silence clapped down on the Ad Building. Connant looked up, rose stiffly from his seat. “Garry—tissue from the monster— precipitates too. It proves nothing. Nothing but—but the dog was monster- immune too. That one of the tzvo con- tributing blood—one of us tzvo, you and I, Garry—one of us is a monster.” IX. “BAR, CALL back those men before they tell Blair," McReady said quietly. Barclay went to the door; faintly his shouts came back to the tensely silent men in the room. Then he was back. “They’re coming,” he said. “I didn’t tell them why. Just that Dr. Copper said not to go.” “McReady," Garry sighed, “you’re in command now. May God help you. I cannot.” The bronzed giant nodded slowly, his deep eyes on Commander Garry. “I may be the one,” Garry added. “I know I’m not, but I cannot prove it to you in any way. Dr. Copper’s test has •broken down. The fact that he showed it was useless, when it was to the ad- vantage of the monster to have that use- lessness not known, would seem to prove ;he was human.” Copper rocked back and forth slowly ,on the bunk. “I know I’m human. I jcan’t prove it either. One of us two is a liar, for that test cannot lie, and it says .one of us is. I gave proof that the test ,was wrong, which seems to prove I’m :human, and now Garry has given that argument which proves me human—• “WHO GOES THERE?” 85 which he, as the monster, should not do. Round and round and round and round and-” Dr. Copper’s head, then his neck and shoulders began circling slowly in time to the words. Suddenly he was lying back on the bunk, roaring with laugh- ter. "It doesn’t have to prove one of us is a monster! It doesn’t have to prove that at all! Ho-ho. If we’re all monsters it works the same! We’re all monsters—all of us—Connant and Garry and !•—and all of you.” "McReady,” Van Wall, the blond- bearded Chief Pilot, called softly, “you were on the way to an M. D. when you took up meteorology, weren’t you ? Can you make some kind of test ?” McReady went over to Copper slowly, took the hypodermic from his hand, and washed it carefully in 95% alcohol. Garry sat on the bunk-edge with wooden face, watching Copper and McReady ex- pressionlessly. "What Copper said is possible,” McReady sighed. “Van, will you help here? Thanks.” The filled needle jabbed into Copper’s thigh. The man’s laughter did not stop, but slowly faded into sobs, then sound sleep as the morphia took hold. McReady turned again. The men who had started for Blair stood at the far end of the room, skis dripping snow, their faces as white as their skis. Con- nant had a lighted cigarette in each hand ; one he was puffing absently, and staring at the floor. The heat of the one in his left hand attracted him and he stared at it, and the one in the other hand stu- pidly for a moment. He dropped one and crushed it under his heel slowly. “Dr. Copper,” McReady repeated, “could be right. I know I’m human— but of course can’t prove it. I’ll repeat the test for my own information. Any of you others who wish to may do the same.” Two minutes later, McReady held a test-tube with white precipitin settling slowly from straw-colored serum. "It reacts to human blood too, so they aren’t both monsters.” “I didn’t think they were,” Van Wall sighed. “That wouldn’t suit the mon- ster either; we could have destroyed them if we knew. Why hasn’t the mon- ster destroyed us, do you suppose? It seems to be loose.” McReady snorted. Then laughed softly. “Elementary, my dear Watson. The monster wants to have life forms available. It cannot animate a dead body, apparently. It is just waiting— waiting until the best opportunities come. We who remain human, it is holding in reserve.” Kinner shuddered violently. “Hey. Hey, Mac. Mac, would I know if I was a monster? Would I know if the mon- ster had already got me? Oh Lord, I may be a monster already.” “You’d know,” McReady answered. “But we wouldn’t,” Norris laughed shortly, half-hysterically. McReady looked at the vial of serum remaining. "There’s one thing this damned stuff is good for, at that,” he said thoughtfully. "Clark, will you and Van help me ? The rest of the gang bet- ter stick together here. Keep an eye on each other,” he said bitterly. "See that you don’t get into mischief, shall we say ?” McReady started down the tunnel to- ward Dog Town, with Clark and Van Wall behind him. “You need more se- rum?” Clark asked. McReady shook his head. “Tests. There’s four cows and a bull, and nearly seventy dogs down there. This stuff reacts only to human blood and—mon- sters.” McREADY came back to the Ad Building and went silently to the wash stand. Clark and Van Wall joined him a moment later. Clark’s lips had devel- oped a tic, jerking into sudden, unex- pected sneers. "What did you do?” Connant ex- 86 ASTOUNDING SCIENCE-FICTION ploded suddenly. “More immunizing?” Clark snickered, and stopped with a hiccough. “Immunizing. Haw! Im- mune all right.”	■» “That monster,” said Van Wall stead- ily, “is quite logical. Our immune dog was quite all right, and we drew a lit- tle more serum for the tests. But we won’t make any more." “Can't—can’t you use one man’s blood on another dog—” Norris began. “There aren’t,” said McReady softly, “any more dogs. Nor cattle, I might add.” “No more dogs?” Benning sat down slowly. “They’re very nasty when they start changing," Van Wall said precisely, “but slow. That electrocution iron you made up, Barclay, is very fast. There is only one dog left—our immune. The mon- ster left that for us, so we could play with our little test. The rest-” He shrugged and dried his hands. “The cattle-” gulped Kinner. “Also. Reacted very nicely. They look funny as hell when they start melt- ing. The beast hasn’t any quick escape, when it’s tied in dog chains, or halters, and it had to be to imitate.” Kinner stood up slowly. His eyes darted around the room, and came to rest horribly quivering on a tin bucket in the galley. Slowly, step by step, he retreated toward the door, his mouth opening and closing silently, like a fish out of water. “The milk-” he gasped. “I milked ’em an hour ago-” His voice broke into a scream as he dived through the door. He was out on the ice cap with- out windproof or heavy clothing. Vxm Wall looked after him for a mo- ment thoughtfully. “He’s probably hopelessly mad,” he said at length, “but he might be a monster escaping. He hasn’t skis. Take a blow-torch—in case.” The physical motion of the chase helped them; something that needed do- ing. Three of the other men were qui- etly being sick. Norris was lying flat on his back, his face greenish, looking steadily at the bottom of the bunk above him. “Mac, how long have the—cows been not-cows-” McReady shrugged his shoulders hopelessly. He went over to the milk bucket, and with his little tube of serum w'ent to work on it. The milk clouded it, making certainty difficult. Finally he dropped the test-tube in the stand and shook his head. “It tests negatively. Which means either they were cows then, or that, being perfect imitations, they gave perfectly good milk.” Copper stirred restlessly in his sleep and gave a gurgling cross between a snore and a laugh. Silent eyes fastened on him. “Would morphia—a mon- ster-” somebody started to ask. “Lord knows.” McReady shrugged. “It affects every Earthly animal I know of.” Connant suddenly raised his head. “Mac! The dogs must have swallowed pieces of the monster, and the pieces destroyed them! The dogs were where the monster resided. I was locked up. Doesn’t that prove-” Van Wall shook his head. “Sorry. Proves nothing about what you are. only proves what you didn’t do.” “It doesn’t do that,” McReady sighed. “We are helpless because we don’t know enough, and so jittery we don’t think straight. Locked up! Ever watch a white corpuscle of the blood go through the wall of a blood vessel? No? It sticks out a pseudopod. And there it is—on the far side of the wall.” “Oh,” said Van Wall unhappily. “The cattle tried to melt down, didn't they? They could have melted down— become just a thread of stuff and leaked under a door to re-collect on the other side. Ropes—no—no, that wouldn’t do it. They couldn’t live in a sealed tank “WHO GOES THERE?” 8? “If,” said McReady, “you shoot it through the heart, and it doesn’t die, it’s a monster. That’s the best test I can think of, offhand.” “No dogs,” said Garry quietly, “and no cattle. It has to imitate men now. And locking up doesn’t do any good. Your test might work, Mac, but I’m afraid it would be hard 011 the men.” X. CLARK LOOKED up from the gal- ley stove as Van Wall, Barclay, Mc- Ready and Benning came in, brushing the drift from their clothes. The other men jammed into the Ad Building con- tinued studiously to do as they were do- ing, playing chess, poker, reading. Ral- sen was fixing a sledge on the table; Vane and Norris had their heads to- gether over magnetic data, while Har- vey read tables in a low voice. Dr. Copper snored softly 011 the bunk. Garry was working with Dutton over a sheaf of radio messages on the corner of Dutton’s bunk and a small fraction of the radio table. Connant was using most of the table for Cosmic Ray sheets. Quite plainly through the corridor, despite two closed doors, they could hear Kinner’s voice. Clark banged a kettle onto the galley stove and beckoned Mc- Ready silently. The meteorologist went over to him. “I don’t mind the cooking so damn much,” Clark said nervously, “but isn’t there some way to stop that bird? We all agreed that it would be safe to move him into Cosmos House.” “Kinner?” McReady nodded toward the door. “I’m afraid not. I can dope him, I suppose, but we don’t have an unlimited supply of morphia, and he’s not in danger of losing his mind. Just hysterical.” ‘‘Well, we’re in danger of losing ours. You’ve been out for an hour and a half. That’s been going on steadily ever since, and it was going for two hours before. There’s a limit, you know.” Garry wandered over slowly, apolo- getically. For an instant, McReady caught the feral spark of fear—horror —in Clark’s eyes, and knew at the same instant it was in his own. Garry—Garry or Copper—was certainly a monster. “If you could stop that, I think it would be a sound policy, Mac,” Garry spoke quietly. “There are—tensions enough in this room. We agreed that it would be safe for Kinner in there, be- cause every one else in camp is under constant eyeing.” Garry shivered slightly. “And try, try in God’s name, to find some test that will work.” McReady sighed. “Watched or un- watched, everyone’s tense. Blair's jammed the trap so it won’t open now. Says he’s got food enough, and keeps screaming 'Go away, go away—you’re monsters. I won’t be absorbed. I won’t. I’ll tell men when they come. Go away.’ So—we went away.” “There’s no other test?” Garry pleaded. McReady shrugged his shoulders. “Copper was perfectly right. The serum test could be absolutely definitive if it hadn’t been—contaminated. But that’s the only dog left, and he’s fixed now. "Chemicals? Chemical tests?” McReady shook his head. “Our chemistry isn’t that good. I tried the microscope you know.” Garry nodded. "Monster-dog and real dog were identical. But—you’ve got to go 011. What are we going to do after dinner ?” VAN WALL had joined them qui- etly. "Rotation sleeping. Half the crowd sleep; half awake. I wonder how many of us are monsters ? All the dogs were. We thought we were safe, but somehow it got Copper—or you.” Van Wall’s eyes flashed uneasily. “It may have gotten every one of you—all of you but myself may be wondering, Took- 83 ASTOUNDING SCIENCE-FICTION mg. No, that’s not possible. You’d just spring then. I’d be helpless. We hu- mans must somehow have the greater numbers now. But-” he stopped. McReady laughed shortly. “You re doing what Norris complained of in me. Leaving it hanging. ‘But if one more is changed—that may shift the balance of power.’ It doesn’t fight. I don’t think it ever fights. It must be a peace- able thing, in its own—inimitable—way. It never had to, because it always gained its end—otherwise.” Van Wall's mouth twisted in a sickly grin. “You’re suggesting then, that per- haps it already lias the greater numbers, but is just waiting—waiting, all of them —all of you, for all I know—waiting till I, the last human, drop my wariness in sleep. Mac, did you notice their eyes, all looking at us ?” Garry sighed. “You haven't been sit- ting here for four straight hours, while all their eyes silently weighed the in- formation that one of us two, Copper or I, is a monster certainly—perhaps both of us.” Clark repeated his request. “Will you stop that bird's noise? He’s driving me nuts! Make him tone down, anyway.” “Still praying?” McReady asked. “Still praying.” Clark groaned. “He hasn’t stopped for a second. I don’t mind his praying if it relieves him, but lie yells, he sings psalms and hymns and shouts prayers. He thinks God can’t hear well way down here.” “Maybe he can’t,” Barclay grunted. “Or he'd have done something about this thing loosed from hell.” “Somebody’s going to try that test you mentioned, if you don’t stop him,” Clark stated grimly. “I think a cleaver in the head would be as positive a test as a bullet in the heart.” “Go ahead with the food. I’ll see what I can do. There may be something in the cabinets.” McReady moved wearily toward the corner Copper had used as his dispensary. Three tall cabinets of rough boards, two locked, were the re- positories of the camp’s medical sup- plies. Twelve years ago McReady had graduated, had started for an interne- ship, and been diverted to meteorology. Copper was a picked man, a man who knew his profession thoroughly and modernly. More than half the drugs available were totally unfamiliar to Mc- Ready ; many of the others he had for- gotten. There was no huge medical library here, no series of journals avail- able to learn the things he had forgot- ten, the elementary, simple things to Copper, things that did not merit inclu- sion in the small library he had been forced to content himself with. Books are heavy, and every ounce of supplies had been freighted in by air. McReady picked a barbiturate hope- fully. Barclay and Van Wall went with him. One man never went anywhere alone in Big Magnet. Ralsen had his sledge put away, and the physicists had moved off the table, the poker game broken up when they got back. Clark was putting out the food. The click of spoons and the muf- fled sounds of eating were the only sign of life in the room. There were no words spoken as the three returned; simply all eyes focused 011 them ques- tioningly, while the jaws moved me- thodically. McReady stiffened suddenly. Kinner was screeching out a hymn in a hoase, cracked voice. He looked wearily at Van Wall with a twisted grin and shook his head. “Hu-uh.” VAN WALL cursed bitterly, and sat down at the table. “We’ll just plumb have to take that till his voice wears out. He can't yell like that forever.” “He's got a brass throat and a cast- iron larynx,” Norris declared savagely. “Then we could be hopeful, and suggest lie’s one of our friends. In that case he could go on renewing his throat till doomsday.” “WHO GOES THERE?” 89 Silence clamped down. For twenty minutes they ate without a word. Then Connant jumped up with an angry vio- lence. "You sit as still as a bunch of graven images. You don’t say a word, but oh, Lord, what expressive eyes you’ve got. They roll around like a bunch of glass marbles spilling down a table. They wink and blink and stare— and whisper things. Can you guys look somewhere else for a change, please? "Listen, Mac, you’re in charge here. Let’s run movies for the rest of the night. We’ve been saving those reels to make ’em last. Last for,what? Who is it’s going to see those last reels, eh? Let’s see ’em while we can, and look at some- thing other than each other.” “Sound idea* Connant. I, for one, am quite willing to change this in any way I can.” “Turn the sound up loud, Dutton. Maybe you can drown out the hymns,” Clark suggested. "But don’t,” Norris said softly, “don’t turn off the lights altogether.” “The lights will be out.” McReady shook his head. “We’ll show all the cartoon movies we have. You won’t mind seeing the old cartoons will you?” “Goody, goody—a moom pitcher show. I’m just in the mood.” Mc- Ready turned to look at the speaker, a lean, lanky New Englander, by the name of Caldwell. Caldwell was stuffing his pipe slowly, a sour eye cocked up to McReady. The bronze giant was forced to laugh. “O. K., Bart, you win. Maybe we aren’t quite in the mood for Popeye and trick ducks, but it’s something.” “Let’s play Classifications,” Caldwell suggested slowly. “Or maybe you call it Guggenheim. You draw lines on a piece of paper, and put down classes of things—like animals, you know. One for ‘H’ and one for ‘U’ and so on. Like ‘Human’ and ‘unknown’ for instance. I think that would be a hell of a lot bet- ter game. Classification, I sort of fig- ure, is what we need right now a lot more than movies. Maybe somebody’s got a pencil that he can draw lines with, draw lines between the ‘U’ animals and the ‘H’ animals for instance.” “McReady’s trying to find that kind of a pencil,” Van Wall answered qui- etly, “but we’ve got three kinds of ani- mals here, you know. One that begins with ‘M’. We don’t want any more.” “Mad ones, you mean. Uh-hu. Clark, I’ll help you with those pots so we can get our little peep-show going.” Cald- well got up slowly. DUTTON and Barclay and Benning, in charge of the projector and sound mechanism arrangements, went about their job silently, while the Ad Build- ing was cleared and the dishes and pans disposed of. McReady drifted over to- ward Van Wall slowly, and leaned back in the bunk beside him. “I’ve been wondering, Van,” he said with a wry grin, “whether or not to report my ideas in advance. I forgot the ‘U animals’ as Caldwell named it, could read minds. I’ve a vague idea of something that might work. It’s too vague to bother with though. Go ahead with your show, while I try to figure out the logic of the thing. I’ll take this bunk.” Van Wall glanced up, and nodded. The movie screen would be practically on a line with this bunk, hence making the pictures least distracting here, be- cause least intelligible. “Perhaps you should tell us what you have in mind. As it is, only the unknowns know what you plan. You might be—unknown be- fore you got it into operation.” “Won’t take long, if I get it figured out right. But I don’t want any more all-but-the-test-dog-monsters things. We better move Copper into this bunk di- rectly above me. He won’t be watching the screen either.” McReady nodded toward Copper’s gently snoring bulk. Garry helped them lift and move the doctor. ASTOUNDING SCIENCE-FICTION 90 McReady leaned back against the bunk, and sank into a trance, almost, of concentration, trying to calculate chances, operations, methods. He was scarcely aware as the others distributed themselves silently, and the screen lit up. Vaguely Kinner's hectic, shouted pray- ers and his rasping hymn-singing an- noyed him till the sound accompaniment started. The lights were turned out, but the large, light-colored areas of the screen reflected enough light for ready visibility. It made men’s eyes sparkle as they moved restlessly. Kinner was still praying, shouting, his voice a rau- cous accompaniment to the mechanical sound. Dutton stepped up the amplifi- cation. So long had the voice been going on, that only vaguely at first was McReady aware that something seemed missing. Lying as he was, just across the narrow room from the corridor leading to Cos- mos House, Kinner’s voice had reached him fairly clearly, despite the sound ac- companiment of the pictures. It struck him abruptly that it had stopped. “Dutton, cut that sound,” McReady called as he sat up abruptly. The pic- tures flickered a moment, soundless and strangely futile in the sudden, deep si- lence. The rising wind on the surface above bubbled melancholy tears of sound down the stove pipes. “Kinner’s stopped,” McReady said softly. “For God’s sake start that sound then; he may have stopped to listen,” Norris snapped. McReady rose and went down the corridor. Barclay and Van Wall left their places at the far end of the room to follow him. The flickers bulged and twisted on the back of Barclay's gray underwear as he crossed the still-func- tioning beam of the projector. Dutton snapped on the lights, and the pictures vanished. Norris stood at the door as McReady had asked. Garry sat down quietly in the bunk nearest the door, forcing Clark to make room for him. Most of the others had stayed exactly where they were. Only Connant walked slowly up and down the room, in steady, unvary- ing rhythm. “If you’re going to do that, Connant,” Clark spat, “we can get along without you altogether, whether you're human or not. Will you stop that damned rhythm ?” “Sorry.” The physicist sat down in a bunk, and watched his toes thought- fully. It was almost five minutes, five ages while the wind made the only sound, before McReady appeared at the door. “We,” he announced, “haven’t got enough grief here already. Somebody’s tried to help us out. Kinner has a knife in his throat, which was why he stopped singing, probably. We've got monsters, madmen and murderers. Any more ‘M’s’ you can think of, Caldwell? If there are, we’ll probably have ’em before long.” XI. “IS BLAIR loose?” someone asked. “Blair is not loose. Or he flew in. If there’s any doubt about where our gentle helper came from—this may clear it up.” Van Wall held a foot-long, thin-bladed knife in a cloth. The wooden handle was half-burnt, charred with the peculiar pattern of the top of the gal- ley stove. Clark stared at it. “I did that this afternoon. I forgot the damn thing and left it on the stove.” Van Wall nodded. “I smelled it, if you remember. I knew the knife came from the galley.” “I wonder,” said Benning looking around at the party warily, “how many more montsers have we? If somebody could slip out of his place, go back of the screen to the galley and then down to the Cosmos House and back—he did come back didn’t he? Yes—everybody’s here. Well, if one of the gang could do all that-” “WHO GOES THERE?” 91 "Maybe a monster did it,” Garry sug- gested quietly. “There’s that possibil- ity.” “The monster, as you pointed out to- day, has only men left to imitate. Would he decrease his—supply, shall we say?” Van Wall pointed out. "No, we just have a plain, ordinary louse, a murderer to deal with. Ordinarily we’d call him an ‘inhuman murderer’ I suppose, but we have to distinguish now. We have inhuman murderers, and now we have human murderers. Or one at least.” "There’s one less human,” Nerris said softly. “Maybe the monsters have the balance of power now.” “Never mind that,” McReady sighed and turned to Barclay. "Bar, will you get your electric gadget? I’m going to make certain-” Barclay turned down the corridor to get the pronged electrocuter, while Mc- Ready and Van Wall went back toward Cosmos House. Barclay followed them in some thirty seconds. The corridor to Cosmos House twisted, as did nearly all corridors in Big Magnet, and Norris stood at the en- trance again. But they heard, rather muffled, McReady’s sudden shout. There was a savage flurry of blows, dull ch-thunk, shluff sounds. “Bar—Bar •-” And a curious, savage mewing scream, silenced before even quick- mov- ing Norris had reached the bend. Kinner—or what had been Kinner— lay on the floor, cut half in two by the great knife McReady had had. The me- teorologist stood against the wall, the knife dripping red in his hand. Van Wall was stirring vaguely on the floor, moaning, his hand half-consciously rub- bing at his jawT Barclay, an unutter- ably savage gleam in his eyes, was methodically leaning on the pronged weapon in his hand, jabbing—jabbing, jabbing. Kinner’s arms had developed a queer, scaly fur, and the flesh had twisted. The fingers had shortened, the hand rounded, the finger nails become three- inch long things of dull red horn, keened to steel-hard, razor-sharp talons. McReady raised his head, looked at the knife in his hand and dropped it. “Well, whoever did it can speak up now. He was an inhuman murderer at that—in that he murdered an inhuman. I swear by all that’s holy, Kinner was a lifeless corpse on the floor here when we arrived. But when it found we were going to jab it with the power—It changed.” NORRIS stared unsteadily. ‘‘Oh, Lord, those things can act. Ye gods— sitting in here for hours, mouthing prayers to a' God it hated! Shouting hymns in a cracked voice—hymns about a Church it never knew. Driving us mad with its ceaseless howling- ‘‘Well. Speak up, whoever did it. You didn’t know it, but you did the camp a favor. And I want to know how in blazes you got out of that room with- out anyone seeing you. It might help in guarding ourselves.” “His screaming—his singing. Even the sound projector couldn’t drown it.” Clark shivered. "It was a monster.” “Oh,” said Van Wall in sudden com- prehension. “You were sitting right next to the door, weren’t you? And almost behind the projection screen al- ready.” Clark nodded dumbly. "He—it’s quiet now. It’s a dead—Mac, your test’s no damn good. It was dead any- way, monster or man, it was dead.” McReady chuckled softly. "Boys, meet Clark, the only one we know is human! Meet Clark, the one who proves he’s human by trying to commit murder—and failing. Will the rest of you please refrain from trying to prove you’re human for a while? 1 think we may have another test.” "A test!” Connant snapped joyfully, then his face sagged in disappointment. 92 ASTOUNDING SCIENCE-FICTION "I suppose it’s another either-way-you- want-it.” “No,” said McReady steadily. “Look sharp and be careful. Come into the Ad Building. Barclay, bring your elec- trocuter. And somebody—Dutton— stand with Barclay to make sure he does it. Watch every neighbor, for by the Hell these monsters came from, I’ve got something, and they know it. They’re going to get dangerous!” The group tensed abruptly. An air of crushing menace entered into every man’s body, sharply they looked at each other. More keenly than ever before— is that man next to- me an inhuman mon- ster? “What is it?” Garry asked, as they stood again in the main room. “How long will it take?" “I don’t know, exactly,’’ said Mc- Ready, his voice brittle with angry deter- mination. “But I know it will work, and no two ways about it. It depends on a basic quality of the monsters, not on us. ‘Kinner just convinced me.” He stood heavy and solid in bronzed im- mobility. completely sure of himself again at last. “This,” said Barclay hefting the wooden-hand led weapon, tipped with its two sharp-pointed, charged conductors, “is going to be rather necessary, I take it. Is the power plant assured?” Dutton nodded sharply. “The auto- matic stoker bin is full. The gas power plant is on stand-by. Van Wall and I set it for the movie operation and— we’ve checked it over rather carefully several times, you know. Anything those wires touch, dies,” he assured them grimly. “I know that.” Dr. Copper stirred vaguely in his bunk, rubbed his eyes with fumbling hand. He sat up slowly, blinked his eyes blurred with sleep and drugs, wid- ened with an unutterable horror of drug-ridden nightmares. “Garry,” he mumbled, “Garry—listen. Selfish—from hell they came, and hellish shellfish—I mean self- Do I ? What do I mean ?” He sank back in his bunk, and snored softly. McREADY looked at him thought- fully. “We’ll know presently,” he nod- ded slowly. “But selfish is what you mean, all right. You may have thought of that, half-sleeping, dreaming there. I didn’t stop to think what dreams you might be having. But that's all right. Selfish is the word. They must be, you see.” He turned to the men in the cabin, tense, silent men staring with wolfish eyes each at his neighbor. “Self- ish, and as Dr. Copper said—every part is a whole. Every piece is self-sufficient, an animal in itself. “That, and one other thing, tell the story. There’s nothing mysterious about blood; it’s just as normal a body tissue as a piece of muscle, or a piece of liver. But it hasn’t so much connective tissue, though it has millions, billions of life- eells.” McReady’s great bronze beard ruffled in a grim smile. “This is satisfying, in a way. I’m pretty sure we humans still outnumber you—others. Others stand- ing here. And we have what you, your other-world race, evidently doesn’t. Not an imitated, but a bred-in-the-bone in- stinct, a driving, unquenchable fire that’s genuine. We’ll fight, fight with a fe- rocity you may attempt to imitate, but you'll never equal! We're human. We’re real. You're imitations, false to the core of your every cell." “All right. It’s a showdown now. You know. You. with your mind read- ing. You’ve lifted the idea from my brain. You can’t do a thing about it. “Standing here- “Let it pass. Blood is tissue. They have to bleed, if they don’t bleed when cut, then by Heaven, they’re phony! Phony from hell! If they bleed—then that blood, separated from them, is an individual—a nezvly jormed individual in its ozvn right, just as they, split, all “WHO GOES THERE?” 93 of them, from one original, are individ- uals ! “Get it, Van? See the answer, Bar?” Van Wall laughed very softly. “The blood—the blood will not obey. It’s a new individual, with all the desire to protect its own life that the original— the main mass from which it was split —has. The blood will live—and try to crawl away from a hot needle, say!” McReady picked up the scalpel from the table. From the cabinet, he took a rack of test-tubes, a tiny alcohol lamp, and a length of platinum wire set in a little glass rod. A smile of grim satis- faction rode his lips. For a moment he glanced up at those around him. Bar- clay and Dutton moved toward him slowly, the wooden-handled electric in- strument alert. “Dutton,” said McReady, “suppose you stand over by the splice there where you’ve connected that in. Just make sure no—thing pulls it loose.” Dutton moved away. “Now, Van, suppose you be first on this.” White-faced, Van Wall stepped for- ward. With a delicate precision, Mc- Ready cut a vein in the base of his thumb. Van Wall winced slightly, then held steady as a half inch of bright blood collected in the tube. McReady put the tube in the rack, gave Van Wall a bit of alum, and indicated the iodine bottle. Van Wall stood motionlessly watch- ing. McReady heated the platinum wire in the alcohol lamp flame, then dipped it into the tube. It hissed softly. Five times he repeated the test. “Human, I’d say.” McReady sighed, and straight- ened. “As yet, my theory hasn’t been actually proven—but I have hopes. I have hopes. “Don’t, by the way, get too interested in this. We have with us some unwel- come ones, no doubt. Van, will you re- lieve Barclay at the switch? Thanks. O. K., Barclay, and may I say I hope you stay with us? You’re a damned good guy.” Barclay grinned uncertainly; winced under the keen edge of the scalpel. Pres- ently, smiling widely, he retrieved his long-handled weapon. “Mr. Samuel Dutt—Bar!’ THE TENSITY was released in that second. Whatever of hell the monsters may have had within them, the men in that instant matched it. Barclay had no chance to move his weapon as a score of men poured down 011 the thing that had seemed Dutton. It mewed, and spat, and tried to grow fangs—and was a hundred broken, torn pieces. With- out knives, or any weapon save the brute-given strength of a staff of picked men, the thing was crushed, rent. Slowly they picked themselves up, their eyes smouldering, very quiet in their motions. A curious wrinkling of their lips betrayed a species of nervous- ness. Barclay went over with the electric weapon. Things smouldered and stank. The caustic acid Van Wall dropped on each spilled drop of blood gave off tick- ling, cough-provoking fumes. McReady grinned, his deep-set eyes alight and dancing. “Maybe,” he said softly, “I underrated man’s abilities when I said nothing human could have the ferocity in the eyes of that thing we found. I wish we could have the oppor- tunity to treat in a more befitting man- ner these things. Something with boil- ing oil, or melted lead in it, or maybe slow roasting in the power boiler. When I think what a man Dutton was- "Never mind. My theory is confirmed by—by one who knew ? Well, Van Wall and Barclay are proven. I think, then, that I’ll try to show you what I already know. That I too, am human.” Mc- Ready swished the scalpel in absolute alcohol, burned it off the metal blade, and cut the base of his thumb expertly. Twenty seconds later he looked up from the desk at the waiting men. There were more grins out there now, friendly 94 ASTOUNDING SC1ENCE-FICTION grins, yet withal, something else in the eyes. “Connant,” McReady laughed softly, “was right. The huskies watching that thing in the corridor bend had nothing on you. Wonder why we think only the wolf blood has the right to ferocity? Maybe on spontaneous viciousness a wolf takes tops, but after these seven days—abandon all hope, ye wolves who enter here! “Maybe we can save time. Connant, would you step for-” Again Barclay was loo slow. There were more grins, less tensity still, when Barclay and Van Wall finished their work. Garry spoke in a low, bitter voice. “Connant was one of the finest men we had here—and five minutes ago I’d have sworn he was a man. Those damnable things are more than imitation.” Garry shuddered and sat back in his bunk. And thirty seconds later, Garry’s blood shrank from the hot platinum wire, and struggled to escape the tube, struggled as frantically as a suddenly feral, red-eyed, dissolving imitation of Garry struggled to dodge the snake- tongue weapon Barclay advanced at him, white-faced and sweating. The Thing in the test-tube screamed with a tiny, tinny voice as McReady dropped it into the glowing coal of the galley stove. XII. “THE LAST OF IT ?” Dr. Copper looked down from his bunk with blood- shot, saddened eyes. “Fourteen of them-” McReady nodded shortly. “In some ways—if only we could have perma- nently prevented their spreading—I’d like to have even the imitations back. Commander Garry—Connant—Dutton —Clark-” “Where are they taking those things?” Copper nodded to the stretcher Barclay and Norris were carrying out. “Outside. Outside on the ice, where they’ve got fifteen smashed crates, half a ton of coal, and presently will add 10 gallons of kerosene. We’ve dumped acid on every spilled drop, every torn fragment. We’re going to incinerate those.” “Sounds like a good plan.” Copper nodded wearily. “I wonder, you haven't said whether Blair-” McReady started. “We forgot him! We had so much else! I wonder—do you suppose we can cure him now?” “If-” began Dr. Copper, and stopped meaningly. McReady started a second time. “Even a madman. It imitated Kinner and his praying hysteria-” Mc- Ready turned toward Van Wall at the long table. “Van, we’ve got to make an expedition to Blair's shack.” Van looked up sharply, the frown of worry faded for an instant in surprised remembrance. Then he rose, nodded. “Barclay better go along. He applied the lashings, and may figure how to get in without frightening Blair too much.” Three quarters of an hour, through —37° cold, while the Aurora curtain bellied overhead. The twilight was nearly 12 hours long, flaming in the north on snow like white, crystalline sand under their skis. A 5-mile wind piled it in drift-lines pointing off to the northwest. Three quarters of an hour to reach the snow-buried shack. No smoke came from the little shack, and the men hastened. “Blair!" Barclay roared into the wind when he was still a hundred yards away. “Blair!” “Shut up,” said McReady softly. “And hurry. He may be trying a lone hike. If we have to go after him—no planes, the tractors disabled-” “Would a monster have the stamina a man has ?” “A broken leg wouldn't stop it for more than a minute,” McReady pointed out. “WHO GOES THERE?” 93 BARCLAY gasped suddenly and pointed aloft. Dim in the twilit sky, a winged thing circled in curves of in- describable grace and ease. Great white wings tipped gently, and the bird swept over them in silent curiosity. “Alba- tross-” Barclay said softly. “First of the season, and wandering way in- land for some reason. If a monster’s loose-” Norris bent down on the ice, and tore hurriedly at his heavy, windproof cloth- ing. He straightened, his coat flapping open, a grim blue-metaled weapon in his hand. It roared a challenge to the white silence of Antarctica. The thing in the air screamed hoarsely. Its great wings worked frantically as a dozen feathers floated down from its tail. Norris fired again. The bird was moving swiftly now, but in an almost straight line of retreat. It screamed again, more feathers dropped and with beating wings it soared behind a ridge of pressure ice, to vanish. Norris hurried after the others. “It won’t come back,” he panted. Barclay cautioned him to silence, pointing. A curiously, fiercely blue light beat out from the cracks of the shack’s door. A very low, soft humming sounded inside, a low, soft humming and a clink and click of tools, the very sounds somehow bearing a message of frantic haste. McReady’s face paled. “Lord help us if that thing has-” He grabbed Barclay’s shoulder, and made snipping motions with his fingers, pointing to- ward the lacing of control-cables that held the door. Barclay drew the wire-cutters from his pocket, and kneeled soundlessly at the door. The snap and twang of cut wires made an unbearable racket in the utter quiet of the Antarctic hush. There was only that strange, sweetly soft hum from within the shack, and the queerly, hecticly clipped clicking and rattling of tools to drown their noises. McReady peered through a crack in the door. His breath sucked in huskily and his great fingers clamped cruelly on Barclay’s shoulder. The meteorologist backed down. “It isn’t,” he explained very softly, “Blair. It’s kneeling on something on the bunk—something ‘Jiat keeps lifting. Whatever it’s worlrmg on is a thing like a knapsack—and it lifts.” “All at once,” Barclay said grimly. “No. Norris, hang back, and get that iron of yours out. It may have—• weapons.” Together, Barclay’s powerful body and McReady’s giant strength struck the door. Inside, the bunk jammed against the door screeched madly and crackled into kindling. The door flung down from broken hinges, the patched lumber of the doorpost dropping inward. Like a blue-rubber ball, a Thing bounced up. One of its four tentaclelike arms looped out like a striking snake. In a seven-tentacled hand a six-inch pen- cil of winking, shining metal glinted and swung upward to face them. Its line- thin lips twitched back from snake-fangs in a grin of hate, red eyes blazing. Norris’ revolver thundered in the con- fined space. The hate-washed face twitched in agony, the looping tentacle snatched back. The silvery thing in its hand a smashed ruin of metal, the seven- tentacled hand became a mass of man- gled flesh oozing greenish-yellow ichor. The revolver thundered three times more. Dark holes drilled each of the three eyes before Norris hurled the empty weapon against its face. THE THING screamed in feral hate, a lashing tentacle wiping at blinded eyes. For a moment it crawled on the floor, savage tentacles lashing out, the body twitching. Then it staggered up again, blinded eyes working, boiling hideously, the crushed flesh sloughing away in sod- den gobbets. Barclay lurched to his feet and dove 96 ASTOUNDING SCIENCE-FICTION forward with an ice-ax. The flat of the weighty thing crushed against the side of the head. Again the unkillable mon- ster went down. The tentacles lashed out, and suddenly Barclay fell to his feet in the grip of a living, livid rope. The thing dissolved as he held it, a white- hot band that ate into the flesh of his hands like living fire. Frantically he tore the stuff from him, held his hands where they could not be reached. The blind Thing felt and ripped at the tough, heavy, wind-proof cloth, seeking flesh— flesh it could convert- The huge blow-torch McReady had brought coughed solemnly. Abruptly it rumbled disapproval throatily. Then it laughed gurglingly, and thrust out a blue-white, three-foot tongue. The Thing on the floor shrieked, flailed out blindly with tentacles that writhed and withered in the bubbling wrath of the blow-torch. It crawled and turned on the floor, it shrieked and hobbled madly, but always McReady held the blow- torch 011 the face, the dead eyes burn- ing and bubbling uselessly. Frantically the Thing crawled and howled. A tentacle sprouted a savage talon— and crisped in the flame. Steadily Mc- Ready moved with a planned, grim cam- paign. Helpless, maddened, the Thing retreated from the grunting torch, the caressing, licking tongue. For a mo- ment it rebelled, squalling in inhuman hatred at the touch of the icy snow. Then it fell back before the charring breath of the torch, the stench of its flesh bathing it. Hopelessly it retreated —011 and on across the antarctic snow. The bitter wind swept over it, twisting the torch-tongue; vainly it flopped, a trail Of oily, stinking smoke bubbling away from it- McReady walked back toward the shack silently. Barclay met him at the door. “No more?” the giant meteorolo- gist asked grimly. Barclay shook his head. “No more. It didn't split?” “It had other things to think about,” McReady assured him. “When I left it, it was a glowing coal. What was it doing ?” Norris laughed shortly. “Wise boys, we are. Smash magnetos, so planes won’t work. Rip the boiler tubing out of the tractors. And leave that Thing alone for a week in this shack. Alone and undisturbed.” McReady looked in at the shack more carefully. The air, despite the ripped door, was hot and humid. On a table at the far end of the room rested a thing of coiled wires and small magnets, glass tubing and radio tubes. At the center a block ©f rough stone rested. From the center of the block came the light that flooded the place, the fiercely blue light bluer than the glare of an electric arc, and from it came the sweetly soft hum. Off to one side was another mechanism of crystal glass, blown with an incredible neatness and delicacy, metal plates and a queer, shimmery sphere of insubstantiality. “What is that?” McReady moved nearer. NORRIS grunted. “Leave it for in- vestigation. But I can guess pretty well. That's atomic power. That stuff to the left—that’s a neat little thing for doing what men have been trying to do with 100-ton cyclotrons and so forth. It sep- arates neutrons from heavy water, which he was getting from the surrounding ice.” “Where did he get all—oh. Of course. A monster couldn't be locked in—or out. He’s been through the ap- paratus caches." McReady stared at the apparatus. “Lord, what minds that race must have-” “The shimmery sphere—I think it’s a sphere of pure force. Neutrons can pass through any matter, and he wanted a supply reservoir of neutrons. Just pro- ject neutrons against silica—calcium—- “WHO GOES THERE?” 97 beryllium—almost anything, and the atomic energy is released. That thing is the atomic generator.” McReady plucked a thermometer from his coat. “It’s 120° in here, despite the open door. Our clothes have kept the heat out to an extent, but I’m sweating now.” Norris nodded. “The light’s cold. I found that. But it gives off heat to warm the place through that coil. He had all the power in the world. He could keep it warm and pleasant, as his race thought of warmth and pleasant- ness. Did you notice the light, the color of it?” McReady nodded. “Beyond the stars is the answer. From beyond the stars. From a hotter planet that circled a brighter, bluer sun they came.” McReady glanced out the door toward through the ceiling’s wood without scorching it. Barclay walked over to it, grasped two of the dangling straps in his hands, and pulled it down with an effort. He strapped it about his body. A slight jump carried him in a weirdly slow arc across the room. “Anti-gravity,” said McReady softly. “Anti-gravity,” Norris nodded. “Yes, we had ’em stopped, with no planes, and no birds. The birds hadn’t come—but they had coffee-tins and radio parts, and glass and the machine shop at night. And a week—a whole week—all to it- self. America in a single jump—with anti-gravity powered by the atomic en- ergy of matter. “We had ’em stopped. Another half hour—it was just tightening these straps on the device so it could wear it—and we’d have stayed in Antarctica, and shot the blasted, smoke-stained trail that flopped and wandered blindly off across the drift. "There won’t be any more coming, I guess. Sheer accident it landed here, and that was twenty mil- lion years ago. What did it do all that for ?” He nodded toward the apparatus. Barclay laughed softly. “Did you no- tice what it was working on when we came? Look.” He pointed toward the ceiling of the shack. Like a knapsack made of flattened coffee-tins, with dangling cloth straps and leather belts, the mechanism clung to the ceiling. A tiny, glaring heart of supernal flame burned in it, yet burned down any moving thing that came from the rest of the world.” “The albatross-” McReady said softly. “Do you suppose-” “With this thing almost finished ? With that death weapon it held in its hand? “No, by the grace of God, who evi- dently does hear very well, even down here, and the margin of half an hour, we keep our world, and the planets of the system too. Anti-gravity, you know, and atomic power. Because They came from another sun, a star beyond the stars. They came from a world with a bluer sun. 3 FOR *1.00 POSTPAID FORMERLY 75c EACH SPECIAL NEW LOW OFF El Don’t miss this opportunity to get these beautifully bound “extra stock” books at this new rock-bottom price. Check the book titles you desire, fill out the coupon below and send with the right amount to CHELSEA HOUSE PUBLICATIONS, 79 7th Avenue, New York City, N. Y. CHELSEA HOUSE books are original stories. All books are cloth-bound, printed on good paper in large clear type. Each book is attractively jacketed making an inviting addition to all bookshelves. LQVE □	PARADISE ISLAND by Eleanor Elliot Carroll □	DANCING MAN by Beulah Poynter □	HSR DESERT LOVER by Louise Carter Lee □	THE WOMAN IN MAUVE by Georgette MacMillan □	APRIL’S DAUGHTER by Philip Fair ADVENTURE □	GEMS OF PROMISE by Emart Kinsburn □	THE CRATER OF KALA by Joseph Montague □	FOOLS OF TREASURE by W. E. Schutt □	RONICKY DOONE by David Manning □	THE GLACIER GATE by Frank Lillie Pollock CHELSEA HOUSE PUBLICATIONS Enclosed find $.................. Send to the WESTERN □	WHITE WOLF'S OUTLAW by Hal Dunning □	SILVER SPURS by Joseph Montague □	OBJECT:ADVENTURE by Ray Courtney □	THE CACTUS KID by James Roberts □	THE FIGHTING WADES by John H. Hamlin DETECTIVE AND MYSTERY □	THE PURPLE LIMITED by Henry Leverage □	WHO KILLED WILLIAM DREW by Harrington Strong □	THE GREAT RADIO MYSTERY by Chester K. Steele □	THE SCARLET SCOURGE by Johnston McCulley □	THE KIDNAPING SYNDICATE by Christopher B. Booth , 79 SEVENTH AVE., NEW YORK CITY filled in address these checked Chelsea House Booki ■ NAME..................................................................... ADDRESS............................................................. CITY & STATE.................................................. .......... 99 The Terrible Sense by Not sight nor touch nor hearing—nor any human sense—yet through it he learned the terror and the tyranny of Sound. AMAZING,” said Dr. Bolts to /Jk himself. He removed the ear J. cups from Mr. Theodore Clews and hooked the audiometer to the center of his forehead and the base of his skull. He threw on 110 decibels, the equiva- AST—7 lent of 100,000,000,000 units of relative sound energy or a well-developed thun- der clap. Mr. Clews had been sitting in the timid concentration of his habitual wormlike psychology of life. Had he 100 ASTOUNDING SCIENCE-FICTION known his otologieal tests had long since passed the relatively low points equiva- lent to a pneumatic drill or elevated train running through his ear, he would probably have died of horror. As it was, he simply vibrated to the thunderous oscillations of 110 decibels. Not even his inner ear responded. He felt a decided and painful tremor in his foot, but it did not occur to him it had anything to do with sound. He shook his head negatively. Dr. Botts switched off the current and removed the wires. He wrote on a piece of paper, “I am afraid you are deaf.” Mentally he noted that some superior term was needed to convey an expres- sion of Mr. Clews’ conditions. Mr.. Theodore Clews’ cup of woe flowed over. It was not bad enough that nobody had ever called him Ted; that he had been forced to wear long curls to the age of 12; that his mother had still taken all but two dollars of his pay at 25; that fourteen younger, less experienced and less efficient bookkeep- ers had been advanced over him; and that he was less than dust to his tyran- nous wife! Now, suddenly, he was stone deaf. He broke down and wept. Dr. Botts caught himself ready to make tests of the ultrashort-wave radia- tions of a mortal afflicted with stagger- ing grief. He reminded himself this was a client and withstrained his curiosity with effort. It was a truly amazing case —the first case of absolute utter deafness the doctor had ever witnessed. The doctor was not beset by tradi- tional ethics and conscience. With fore- finger and thumb he held his lips to- gether a moment. No use thinking of reconstructing Mr. Clews’ ordinary hearing apparatus. It was defunct for- ever. But something might be done with his nervous system. Something along the order of a bat’s aural system. Of course, it would require the correlating system of a bat’s real ear also, but that might be taken from a bat itself. The doctor examined his fingers with sudden interest. Why not? Why not duplicate in the timid Theodore Clews the entire audio-nervous system of a bat ? The doctor restrained a strong morbid impulse to make it a vampire bat. He dropped a small tablet in a glass of cold water and gave it to the distraught Theodore Clews. Then he went to se- lect the most sensitive bat in his sterile menagerie. A MONTH LATER, Mr. Theodore Clews timidly and thankfully shook hands with Dr. Botts and left his sana- torium. The delicate operation had been a success. Already, he could hear better than ever before. It was a strange type of hearing which had given him moments of uneasy thought during the past few days, but it was hearing. “It will take several months for the new system to become completely syn- chronized with your motor nervous system,” the doctor announced. Mr. Clews went timidly back to his five-room flat and the stored-up tyranny of his wife. Except that her loud ac- cusations had become more strident, his life did not seem to have changed. The only ill effect of the operation was that he had become more nervous. The clat- ter of adding machines in the office be- gan to drive him into frenzy. The scratch of his pen reached such a pitch that he had to change to a snub-nosed stub. Three months had passed before Mrs. Clews ran out of immediate faults to find with her husband. With tight jaws she was considering a mythical million- aire she might have married—if she had ever known a millionaire—when a tense expression on the face of her husband attracted her attention. His eyes were bright and his gaze was riveted on the cat. THE TERRIBLE SENSE “Well that’s a fine one for her that was the daughter of a police captain to have for a husband!” she commented scathingly. “Scared of a cat! Don’t say a word, Theodore Clew-s, it’s written on your face as clear as day!” Mr. Clews jumped and colored. He tried to crouch less conspicuously in a corner of the chair. But inevitably his gaze returned to the cat and he subcon- sciously moved forward to the edge of his seat. But oddly, he was not looking at the cat when it silently yawned and shifted. Yet Theodore Clews knew what the cat had done as if a photograph had been flashed in his mind. He heard it! He even heard the cat’s toes go back together! The cat started to lick itself, stopped, its head swinging toward corners of the room. Intently it gazed with its fiery eyes, rolling onto haunches ready to spring. Suddenly it looked at Mr. Clews. A second it glared. Then it hissed, leaped in a somersault and rushed from the room. For minutes, Mr. Clews’ heart thumped like a sledge hammer. That savage glare of the cat had put his heart into his throat. But it occurred to him the cat had been equally as afraid of something about him. He could not figure what. Like his wife, the cat had been wont either to disdain him alto- gether, or else accept him very conde- scendingly. The cat’s fear slowly filled Mr. Clews with a sense of well being. Nothing before had ever been afraid of him. Now he had impressed his importance as a man—well, at least upon the cat. He went to bed well pleased with life. He had forgotten to open the window which faced a dark court. The room was cluttered with tables, chairs, trunks and boxes, but he made his way to the window in the dark without touching a thing. Theodore Clews was not very observant or he would have been sur- prised that he knew where every object was. He could not have explained, but he could have told that the big bureau was precisely seven feet two inches from the very spot w'here he stepped into bed. NOISES began to become a very im- portant part of Mr. Clews’ life. The noise of adding machines and typewrit- ers had first annoyed him. Now they frightened him, so that he would pause at the bottom of a row of figures and have to grip the desk with sudden trem- bling. He eyed the quiet, sound-proofed office of the chief bookkeeper, who had been advanced over him, with envy and jealousy. It was the first time he had ever been truly jealous of another man’s success. The riotous noise of rushing crowds at closing time drove Mr. Clews near hysteria. He began staying late, finishing up odds and ends of work he had never paid much attention to. There was a highly difficult piece of accounting to be done which had to be done on outside time. Clews’ chief noticed his penchant for working late. “What do you think about Clews do- ing it ?” he asked the big boss. The big boss chuckled. “Just the man! He’s too scared to even think what's behind figures!” It was dark when Clews would leave, and to avoid the noise he took to walk- ing home through the less used and darker back streets. It did not occur to him, but he seldom used his eyes to see where he was going. He simply knew when he came to alleys and crossings— where lamp-posts and people were— without looking. At home, the cat began to grow thin. At night it slunk onto the fire-escape with swift backward glances at Clews. But not all cats were as frightened. A toughy in the dock district had waited and silently stalked him many nights. Each night it crept a little closer behind him for a block. 102 ASTOUNDING SCIENCE-* ICTION One night it began to gallop on silent feet. Clews was thinking of that special job he was doing when he suddenly felt alarm and leaped straight up. The cat sailed beneath him with open mouth and unsheathed claws. Clews started to run without thinking. Suddenly he remembered the fear their own cat had of him. He whirled. Along the dark pavement the cat was galloping in a low crouch. He could not see it clearly, could barely define movement in the shadow. The cat tensed and leaped in attack. At the same second, Clews leaped aside. Without thinking, he reached out and caught the cat by the tail. Before he realized what he had done, he had dashed its brains out. His act appalled him and made him slightly sick. Then he began to enjoy the sensation of victory. By the time he arrived home he was glad he had killed the cat. When he thought of it again at dinner, he licked his lips a little. Daily, the p^ise at the office was be- coming more deafening to his system. He began to hate the noise and the peo- ple responsible for it. His fear turned to anger. Particularly was it focused on the man who had that quiet, sound- proofed office, his immediate chief. He did not notice it, but he no longer turned to see who was approaching. He knew long before he was fully conscious of their footsteps or voices. He was sit- ting 011 one side of a partition with Will Flanagan at noon one day when Will said idly, “I wonder exactly what Marie Stevens is doing at one minute to twelve ?” *	"Combing her hair,” Theodore said. He was not guessing. She might just as well have been powdering or rouging. But he knew she was combing her hair. Will looked around the partition and said, "Jeepers!” He gave Clews a pe- culiar look. The other bookkeepers began making a lot of remarks like that to Clews. As long as they asked about somebody in the room, or standing in a draft blowing into the room, Clews usually knew the answer. A week later they framed him. They had Marie Stevens sit absolutely quiet behind a filing case. They led up to the idea and asked Clews. Clews’ mind went blank with concen- tration. He had not discovered how he knew things yet. He had not even dis- covered he was being kidded. After a second he said seriously, “She’s trying to be quiet. But she’s chewing gum.” The committee ran to investigate. She was. They did not notice that the effort of absolute control made her breathe a little harder. THEY BEGAN to dodge Clews’ eyes after that, and to avoid being close to him. But he did not notice their new attitude. He was busy with the special work. Free minutes were filled with increasing rage at the noise around him, and jealousy of the man with that quiet office. Suddenly it occurred to Clews to get that man’s job. It was simply an idea intention. He had never tried to get another man’s job before. Summer came on, and Clews donned thin clothing. On hot days when he sat in the office in shirt sleeves, the noise was deafening. When he stretched his arms to cool the perspiration the noise made him shiver. He was stretching when he suddenly heard his boss talking. It surprised him, for his boss was nowhere in the room. He put his elbows on his desk and the sound ceased. Later he stretched again and again he heard his boss. He stood up, holding his arms out and turning subconsciously. He dropped one arm at an angle. He heard the voice as if it were next to him. Clews turned white with the dis- covery, but he listened. It was some- thing about that special job he was doing after hours. The other, lower voice was the big boss. Beads of perspiration THE TERRIBLE SENSE 103 popped out on timid Clews’ forehead. That job was the private account of the firm—the account the government did not see. When he sat down to think over this awful discovery, the voices stopped. A mosquito floated through the air. Without thinking. Clews reached out and grabbed it in flight. His wife was in a particular temper that night. She railed for an hour. Clews thought the racket of her voice would drive him mad. “Well,” she finally screeched, “can't you answer?” Her voice hit a highly unpleasant note. It rasped across Clews’ nerves like a file. He looked up at her, his eyes going red with rage. Before he knew what he had done, he had knocked her down. She stood gaping with surprise while he grabbed up his coat and went out. Clews walked along a dark street deep in thought. He was surprised that he was not more shocked at his own action. Somehow, it had seemed the thing to do. She’d have to stop using those strident notes unless she wanted him to walk out. The night was filled with a world of sound-pictures. He knew that four peo- ple walked out of a house a block distant and turned toward the waterfront. He heard radios, but that was expected. But he knew that somebody on either the third or fourth floor rear of the house across the street turned on their water faucet. He tilted his head to one side. Without thinking, one of his arms and legs lifted and moved slowly about. Suddenly he knew the person using that water was a woman. It had a different sound hitting on masculine flesh and muscle. When he put his leg down, he knew that a night shift was using picks on the new subway far beneath. He felt the rumble of a truck, and then another simi- lar rumble. But he knew that one truck was running west, three streets north, and that the other one was in the ex- cavation underfoot. There was a ter- rible din northward, but out of it he picked the bell of a fire engine. That would be about a mile and a half away, he thought. HE WAS THIRSTY and passed a little restaurant. Out behind was a quiet summer garden with soft lights. He went out and sat down. The waiter came up and stood behind his line of vision, but he knew the waiter was six feet tall, and knew the length of his arms. He ordered a lemonade made of fresh- cut lemons. The waiter disappeared and Clews absently stretched a leg and rested his arm over another chair. He did not notice his arm jumping nerv- ously. The waiter brought a lemonade and Clews said, “That’s not fresh lemons. I want lemons cut and squeezed special.” The waiter said, “That’s what I gave you, sir.” Clews looked at him and said, “You had this squeezed in a pitcher in the icebox. You put the ice in the glass before you poured the lemon juice.” The waiter swallowed, gawked, blanched and took the lemonade back. Clews was momentarily frightened at what he had said. How did he know that? The kitchen was back in the house. But he knnu it! He got over his fright and began to feel proud of his knowledge. Why should he be scared ? He could scare other people! A man and a woman came in and sat at a distant table. Clews knew the man was his big boss without looking. The woman laughed, and Clews felt pretty certain she was not the boss’ wife. He readjusted his position without thinking and heard the murmured conversation distinctly. No, it was not the wife. After a few drinks the woman laughed more and louder. There was an irritating quality to her voice and 104 ASTOUNDING SCIENCE-FICTION Clews moved to the inside bar without looking at them. He sat with bis feet on the upper rung of the high stool and his arms doubled closely against the sides of his chest. It was better this way. He did not hear that grating laugh. The woman passed behind him and he heard his boss come up. The boss laughed and ordered drinks. "Didn’t realize you were a drinking man, Clews! Well, a long one doesn’t do any harm in this heat, eh?” Clews ordered another lemonade. He didn’t like the sound of the boss’ voice. It held an unconvincing tone of smooth- ness. It annoyed him and it made him think of the office and that private job for which he wasn’t paid a dime extra. The boss took half his drink and said, "By the way, this little meeting will just be between us two ?” There was a threat in the tone. It made Clews angry. Clews said, “I should have had Dice’s job. I was senior and I know more about the work.” The boss colored. “That’s rather high-handed, Clews!” “So are those private books,” Clews said. He looked at the boss for the first time. When he raised his arm to drink he knew that the boss was scared. Clews could hear his heart pounding. "We’ll see what we can do tomorrow,” the boss said. The next week Clews was put in charge of his department. He got the sound-proofed room. He breathed with relief. He wasn’t frightened and angered by noise all the time in there! And— the work of the department picked up immediately. The clerks kept their eyes on Clews when he came through, and a few of them said silent prayers. It was uncanny that he could tell them at the end of the day that they had been read- ing a book or writing a letter instead of working on figures when he had been clean across the room! THERE WAS a lot that was un- canny about Clews lately, they whis- pered. For one thing, he didn’t pay any attention to where he was going, yet he never hit anything. Then there was the way he acted. Sometimes when he was listening his arm or leg would go out and vibrate like a throbbing pipe. And he heard every word they said no mat- ter how quietly they whispered! When fall came, Clews grew more nervous than ever. The streets were full of traffic noise during the daytime. It actually pained him at times. And he was developing a fondness for night roaming which left him tired and groggy the next day. He was nervous, too, at his increasing knowledge of an unpleas- ant kind. A laugh, a word, a swift mo- tion, and he would size people up. How, he had no idea. But he would know they were shallow, scheming, disloyal, dishonest. It was startling the number of people who weren’t what they seemed. Down at the office they all smiled pleasantly at him, but they hated him. They were frightened of him. He knew that from the noise their motions made as he passed by them. Sometimes he would have his foot out in the hall and hear what they were whispering about him. He was shocked by the crookedness of the firm he worked for, too. He did not yet have the courage of his con- victions or he would have reported them. He had learned too much—more than he wanted to know. As on the day be had his hand on the wall of the presi- dent’s office and heard the conversation with a prominent politician inside. Or the day he laid his finger tips on a tele- phone cord and heard what was being said over the wire. He didn’t want to know those things! They upset him, made him mad at him- self and disgusted with life! He was losing the few friends he had ever had, also. Part of this was bis fault. Some of them had given him time just out of THE TERRIBLE SENSE 105 pity, or because they were in the same boat, or out of amusement. He knew why they had put up with him now. He knew it from the fine differences of tone they used with him. But there was something more than that. He frightened them lately. His motions were strangely nervous and quick, and sometimes he answered re- marks they had thought, but had not stated. He would say, “Here comes John,” when John was still half a block away and around the corner. And occasionally he dropped things which showed he knew a lot of what they had said behind his back or in the privacy of their homes. Such as the day lie consoled Mary Bevins, who lived three floors lower down in a different house, because her husband had left her. It hadn’t been a loud quarrel and Mary was telling people that he was just away on a business trip. The only satisfaction in life was that he had tamed his wife. It had taken some outbursts of rage and fists which he was thoroughly ashamed of when he thought about it. But it had had a sur- prising effect. She had become docile, loving, quiet, soft-spoken. In fact she had become a new woman. Where she had been wont to yell with a piercing voice, she now sang softly. It had af- fected her temperament. She was happy. She told her cronies about what a cap- able and self-reliant man Mr. Clews was. The first cold of winter struck bitterly into Theodore’s bones. It hurt him, and he felt very sleepy. He would go to sleep the minute he got home. In the morning he woidd find himself doubled up with his knees beneath his chin and his hands firmly clenching the footboard of the bed. Frightened, he went to see Dr. Botts. He did more analyzing about matters lately because so many new and inex- plicable events took place in his life. He had figured out that his sleepiness might have something to do with his audio operation. The city noise had assaulted his nerves, and perhaps he was run down. Dr. Botts was away for a year in the j ungles! BLEAKLY, Clews faced the fact. There was nobody who could do any- thing for him. Nobody else could even find anything wrong or different with him! For the first time in his life, he sat down and seriously analyzed himself and his private life. For the first time he realized how his character, as well as his body and nerves, had changed since the operation. Now he was sleepy, so terribly sleepy that he could barely pull through the day. He felt he would simply have to take a month off. He went to see his president. There was a conference inside the office. Clews sat down wearily against the wall and spread his arms. Instantly, he heard every word said inside. The president was trying to put through a deal, and whoever he was talking to wanted a higher price. Suddenly Clews paid closer heed. There was something about the man's voice- He began to make mental notes of his reactions. When the man passed out, the deal was supposedly all set. Clews walked in and said, “That man was lying. He isn’t going to sign the order. I think he’s a spy from another company.” The president scoffed and scowled. Clews said he wanted a month vaca- tion. The president thought of Clews’ con- fidential knowledge of the company books and said, “Well, we’ll see.” Clews left knowing the president was trying to find some way to get rid of him. He was too sleepy to think much about it. He was almost asleep when the president burst in that afternoon with a white face. 106 ASTOUNDING SCIENCE-FICTION “That man this morning was from Clinton & Co., our sharpest rivals! They’ve got our inside price and a good guess at production costs!’’ Clews shrugged wearily. “He sounded crooked,” he said simply. The president looked at Clews strangely. He said, “Clews, you do. look sick. I think a winter in the south is what you need. I’m giving you enough to go south for six months.” But Clews didn’t go south. He went home and went to bed. In a half- wakeful state he kept trying to get fur- ther under the covers. His wife went out, and while she was gone he crawled over to the closet and crawled inside, moving in a sleep-walking trance. SLOWLY, a feeling of cramped in- activity came to him. Sluggish life seemed returning to long-stiffened arms and legs. His eyes blinked open, and shut hastily. A low, purring hum of outer sounds welled up, and through it the soft, low twittering of birds. Some- where a breeze ruffled leaves. Clews shook himself slightly, uneasily, and opened his eyes again. The surroundings dazed his slow- awakening mind. Something, vaguely, was wrong with his room. Something dark and brown draped peculiarly in front of him. Sensation messages from the nerves of arms and legs began to convey meaning. His legs were hooked over the coat-rail in his closet, and he was hanging head-down, quite comfort- ably, but extremely hungry. He belched softly and swung stiffly to the floor. His wife was coming, he knew sud- denly, and he relaxed gently on the floor, seated with arms queerly angled. His wife entered, and looked at him with no surprise, but a vague satisfaction. “Hungry?” He nodded slowly. His neck was stiff. “Very.” "You were last week.” She went out again. Slowly her words penetrated to his wakening mind. He turned gingerly and looked out the window. His arm lifted and moved about. The twittering of birds grew stronger. A pair of blue- birds were struggling with a tangle of string in the crotch of the old maple tree. He could scarcely see them be- cause of the leaves. “It’s—spring,” said Mr. Clews numbly, when his wife returned with a deep cup of broth. "May,” she nodded. Her voice was calm, but her eyes were frightened. “You—you hibernated. I—I went to the doctor, but he was gone—the one that operated on you—and his assistant came. He said to let you alone. You woke up a little a week ago.” Mr. Clews drank the soup, and hic- cuped gently. His head nodded forward and he crawled toward the bed. “I’ll be all right,” he said, with a peculiar cer- tainty of knoAvledge. He crawled into the bed, and went to sleep. Six hours later he woke up again, and ate some more. In a week he was mov- ing around, the queer stiffness going from his limbs. He felt fine. CLEWS made his first trips out late at night. He took careful stock of him- self now. He had changed even more during the winter. His motions were three times as quick, and often he would stop and wheel, almost dancing, at some strange noise. A cop standing quietly in a doorway suddenly said, “Well, well, butterfly, come along and we’ll find a nice cocoon for you !” Clews darted away in terror and hor- rible realization of his motions. He kept to even later hours and less frequented districts along the waterfront after that. He tried to avoid people. But he got in the center of a brightly lighted block one night when groups came out of bars at both corners and stood lounging on the curb. He had to pass one. He checked his motions as THE TERRIBLE SENSE 107 much as possible, but his steps were light and dainty, and he had the feeling that he fluttered down the block. Any distant or near-by sound and involuntarily his quivering arms and legs would leap out or his head cock to one side. A tough drunk at the corner watched his progress. He stepped out and began badgering. Clews’ undeniable instinct was to run. But something in the tough’s voice turned his fear to anger. A psychiatrist might have told him.the root of anger is fear. He told the tough to shut up. “Well, for cripes’ sake, listen at the prissy telling me to shut up!” roared the tough. He stepped nearer and made a sudden feint and pass. It whistled over Clews head. CLEWS HAD never had a fight in his life. The mere thought terrified him. For ten minutes he avoided annihilation simply because he heard the fighter’s motion and dodged. He had no con- scious thought of dodging; it was sheer timed nervous reaction. He was utterly frightened. Then the roars of the tough began to goad him. A particular stream of curses had a high-pitched note which made him see red. He began fighting back, sav- agely, with no idea of how to fight, but jumping in and out like a—bat! They pulled him off the tough when his teeth were sinking into the man's throat. “Wait a minute, wait a minute, wild- cat!” a dapper member of the party said. “Man, if you’re going to kill ’em, make the public pay to see it! Come in and have a drink and cool off.” Clews went in because he was taken. He sat down shaking like a leaf. It appeared he had just butchered the lightweight champ! “You don’t look like much,” the dap- per man said, “but I’ve never seen such beautiful weaving and timing in my life! Why, fellow, you’ll make a fortune! You don’t even need to hit ’em. They’ll go down from missing you!” Before Clews could understand quite how it had happened, he was on his way to becoming lightweight champion. The nervous, fluttering, perfect timing of his motions packed the arenas. Never had a man behaved like that in the ring be- fore ! But it was the goods—nobody touched him in twelve fights! By then, he was learning about fighting, and when he got against tougher opponents he could lean and take their punches. But they seldom landed. Clews was too fast in his jittery, pulsing, nervous man- euvers. No matter what tricks they pulled, he seemed to sense them, the direction of their punches, the timing and power in them, and be somewhere else when they arrived. Then his own knockout began, for his timing was perfect, and once he learned to hit, it did not take much power to stretch his opponent on the canvas. In- evitably, these knockouts were correlated with the size and yelling of the crowd. They would come in the same round with a certain tempo and note and decibel measurement of the crowd’s roar. The fierceness with which Clews hit them was something uncontrollable, ab- solutely not part of his conscious self. It was direct reflex of that roar on the nerves of his body. Nobody ever knew the torture, the sheer physical pain, those roars caused him. He struck out in nervous frenzy. The night the crowd increased its roar after he knocked out the champ, he K. O.’d the referee and three men in the ring before they grabbed him. But Clews was not happy. Loyally, his wife accompanied him in public, but at home he caught her sobbing at times, and when she looked at him or he hugged her closely, there was terror in her eyes. “I don’t know what’s come over you, Ted,” she said once—she called him “Ted” now—“it gives me the creeps. It isn’t just you hanging like that all 108 ASTOUNDING SCIENCE-FICTION winter. The doctor said that was just nerves had drawn your bones and mus- cles up or something. But it’s-” "VVliat?” asked Clews nervously. "I—I don’t know how to say it. I don’t even know myself. It’s just like you were something different, like an animal or something. I was up at the zoo the other day and I felt just the same.’’ She stopped and broke out cry- ing miserably. “When you looked at the—the bats?” Clews asked with a dry voice. She nodded unhappily. CLEWS went into strange foreign parts that night. He did not know ex- actly what the doctor had done to him, but he did know it was tied up with a bat’s ultra-sensitive auditory system. Three battle-scarred cats sitting on a stoop hissed and arched their backs at him. He turned, and with screams of terror they rushed away. He looked down at his arm and saw it was oscil- lating rapidly in a peculiar, half-turned position. His fingers were open and moved without any volition of his. He shivered, and drew his arms tightly to his sides. He knew exactly how far the cats had gone! Two of them had gone to the back of a house; one had raced along the street and turned east. Theodore Clews felt very unhappy. He was rich, and popular with crowds, and his “eccentricities” were now called “form” and studied. But he was losing his wife. And, oddly, he was in love with this woman who had upbraided him for so many years. Botts or no Botts, he had to know how far this bat busi- ness had gone! His manager looked at him with pop- ping eyes. The cigar in his mouth went out for the first time in history. "You’re nuts!” he informed Clews. ■ Clews smiled without humor. “Maybe. But I want to try it. I’m giving up the title in any event.” “Holy Moses, he wants a title match and he’s going to fight blind]olded! 1 ape over his eyes!” the manager yelped. ‘ Listen, Clews, you’re a sensa- tion. You’re a genius. You got some- thing nobody ever heard of before! But you got to see a man’s fists if you’re not going to get hit by ’em!” “That’s what I want to find out,” Clews said. He won his argument because he had been a careful bookkeeper and he had as carefully read the contract he signed with his manager. They had to do what he said. Ziggy Nelson, his manager, was quite tight the night of the fight. He wiped perspiration from a beefy forehead and planked down fifty thousand dollars at 50 to 1 odds. The commission agent said, around his cigar, “I thought it was your fighter was cracked ! There’s going to be a special judge to see that tape is O. IC.” “I know it!” Ziggy said from his boots. “But I don’t want my fighter to be crazy all alone. Who else is betting on him?” “Nobody,” the agent said and looked guilty. “Except me,” he added in a whisper. Theodore Clews, the Battling Bat, sat on his rubbing table nervously. About fourteen thousand people were out in the arena. He could judge from the noise. He shook his head when they held out tape for his hands. He was going to need them free as possible. His wife kidded him for the benefit of the press. He heard her soft intake of breath before she went through the ritual and knew she was ready to scream with that unaccountable fear. He thought of her kissing one of those bats in the zoo. A woman really had to love you to stand you changing to a bat! Well—tonight would prove it. He went out and climbed into the ring. They put tape over his eyes and in- THE TERRIBLE SENSE 109 spected it to see that it really shut out all sight. One of the judges climbed out of the ring, Clews knew. THE GONG rang and he jumped out straight for his opponent. The man was grinning—which Clews did not know— which sense it was—most of what the man did. At the end of the third ho was still on his feet and had taken no killing punches. But his ears were ring- ing, buzzing—and he was conscious of them. In the fourth, that hysteria that set He could not see—it wasn’t feeling—nor hearing, quite—but somehow he knew where his opponent’s gloves were moving! but he did know when he put his left foot forward and began a haymaker up- percut. Me fefc it coming and ducked. It missed him by the fraction of an inch. The crowd roared. Clews was not quite certain. He got pretty badly battered up—much worse than ever before. But he could hear, or feel—he was tired of trying to decide him wild came into the crowd’s roar. Clews heard his opponent’s breathing and the sound of his shuffling feet. The man was puzzled and he was scared. His timing was off. He was going to pieces. The roar crescendocd, the savage yell for a knockout. Clews had never been so terrified in his life. A bat caught in 130 ASTOUNDING SCIENCE-FICTION a giant spider web might feel that way! He almost ran from the ring. Then came that maddening tempo and pierc- ing note. Clews mind went red. He lashed out in a series of short jabs. He did not even know that they con- nected, but he knew exactly where the man’s jaw and arms and body were. What was the answer? How did he know ? The roar went higher. He hit again and crossed to the solar plexus. Sudden terror leaped up within him— but no longer terror of the noise of the fight. It was terror at what part of him had become, for he knew the answer. His body heard the fine oscillations and pressure differences caused by that other moving body! It was not like a bat’s hearing—it was a bat’s hearing! He shrieked and lashed out with a bare six-inch blow. There was a crash. The man went down. The count was ten. I hey held up Clews’ hand. The roar had never been so deafening. Clews shivered with the pain of that roar, and fell unconscious on top of his man. He blinked open his eyes and saw men’s lips moving. The dressing room was crowded, and the stamp of feet was heavy. But he did not feel them. His eye fell on a cop. He made a sign for the cop’s whistle and blew it until his lungs felt ready to break. He gave Ziggy Nelson a happy tap on the cheek and grinned. He looked shyly for his wife. He couldn't hear a thing. He was himself again. DOC SAVAGE AND HIS SCRAPPY PALS FURNISH THE MAGIC FORMULA FOR SUPREME ENTERTAINMENT IN EVERY ISSUE! £ vAVAG E U* - ill HASAZi ME CRACSSmG FISTS AMD) 8V50DEHM SCIENCE UMTE.TO SSVSASM IS^THiGOE AfcSD EVIL THROUGHOUT THE WOULD Ill ''Power11 For this one month, the Analytical Laboratory department has been expanded. Since Astounding began, it has conducted a type of Analytical Laboratory—Brass Tacks. But the results of the analyses have not been published. We have tried to draw conclusions as to the character, the likes and dislikes, of you who read the magazine from the letters. It has, as you can see, helped develop a better magazine because it helped us know what better meant to you. Philosophers and logicians have developed a sort of mathematics of logics. "Let this idea be represented by the symbol A, and this other idea by the symbol B. Then-The whole purpose of that symbolism is to escape the difficulties of human reactions to words, reactions arising from past experi- ences. What does power mean? A man says "I want power!" If he is an electrical engineer, speaking to a group of engineers, he is thinking in terms of kilowatts. If he is a statesman—or a general—or a plain politician—his meaning may be any of three other things. What meaning that word power conjures up in his mind depends on past experiences, his previous environment. It may vary from one purely intel- lectual concept—the mathematical symbols of an Einstein—to another entirely different purely intellectual concept; the vision of a great statesman. What, then, is a better story? The Analytical Laboratory has ana- lyzed and summarized the direct reactions as shown by your letters. Natur- ally, I'm keenly interested in what you thought of stories I thought were good. But the important thing is the future, not the past. The Analytical Labora- tory is designed to help me, and the authors, to know what you will like even more than to know what you did like. What is power in a story, in your estimation? Is it the human power of The Master Shall Not Die! or the power of scope and of dynamos in Galactic Patrol? For that is another—an author's—meaning of power. That they—and I—may know better something of your viewpoint, your outlook, the Analyti- cal Laboratory contains a new data sheet this month. Two items in that data sheet alone are of paramount importance in defining what is to you— and hence to Astounding—the meaning of power and better stories. Age group and occupation I particularly need to know. Many who read have never written us comments. I hope that they, too, will aid us in preparing this research data. The Editor. 112 Asteroid Pirates lUillllfllWUu— mm Hi- mam ■inn'll by Royal W. Heckman Concerning the bullet-proof, but highly intelligent Satumian Apes, and Venusian dreams of Empire- jkrM"- ‘That,” the Venusian said pointedly, “is a dictograph. I find it difficult to believe your explanations.” ASTEROID PIRATES 113 GREG FENNEL dropped to the sidewalk. His toes rapped upon the fused silica, then his gravity repulsor died and his heels settled firmly. He twisted his belt buckle. Magnetic wing locks snapped open. The short wing rolled into a small box upon his shoulders. In a few seconds Greg had become a pedestrian. Few people were about. All Earth- lings, Fennel noted. He was a little sur- prised at not seeing any balloon-headed, skeleton men from Mars. Or those in- fernal Venusians! This part of New York was extremely popular with the inhabitants of Earth's neighboring plan- ets. Especially after midnight. Greg was hungry. The new Inter- planetary Restaurant was just around the corner. It was a dandy place to pick up news items for his ten-minute col- umn in the New York Radio Star. He made the turn. A rotund Venusian rolled swiftly to- ward him. Fennel jumped aside. The Venusian rolled to the outer edge of the walk and went swiftly on his way. The small, round head stuck out from the center of one side like a black hub cap. Greg cursed. They ought to put a speed limit on those living pinwheels! Of course, with their stubby legs and spherical bodies, the Venusians found it difficult to wad- dle along a crowded street. But when they lay down and rolled, twenty miles an hour was low gear to them! Fennel started ahead. The restau- rant occupied a ground-floor segment near the middle of the block. The seg- ment adjoining it was still lighted. Greg caught soft strains of Martian music as he passed. The proprietors, two lanky Martians, were sitting in front of one of the ether-phones for which they were the agents. The taller of the two raised his head. Fennel recognized him. He was Harg, the shrewdest spy in the Solar System! Greg stopped. He looked upward. He wondered what Harg was doing in New York. But ostentatiously, he was surveying the air lanes above the street. There were still a few flyers in the Perambulator Lane, the lowest of the three. Most of these were romantic couples flying home with interlocked wings. The Business Lane was entirely deserted. But quite a few green flying- lights were visible in the Speed Lane, and the blue flashes of the Air Police were everywhere. Fennel hardly saw them. Harg was news. He represented the entire Solar System. He was probably the most important spy in the Inter- planetary Espionage. Some day, Greg told himself, he would belong to thac. He had already taken the first step. He had been a member of the American Se- cret Police for over six months. Fennel sighed and turned away. He'd better not play around with Harg. The Martian was news he did not dare handle. He entered the restaurant. Bert Lippert conducted him to a booth. Lippert was one-third owner. The other two-thirds was owned by Flan, a Martian, and Bellon, a Venu- sian. Fennel disliked both. “Glad you came, Greg,” Lippert greeted him. “You’ve been leaving us out of your air column lately. Why?” “No news, Bert.” Fennel adjusted the arrow on the menu set in the table top and punched the various dishes he wanted. “I don’t handle advertising. Give me news and your restaurant goes on the air.” “Listen, Greg.” Lippert dropped into the chair on the other side of the table. “This joint is full of news. So full I’m afraid. The biggest blow-up the Solar System has ever seen is due to happen in less than a week. And I’m in it. I don’t want to be, but I am!” “Jupiter Juice?” That soothing, in- sanity-producing liquor was outlawed. But Greg knew it could be gotten right here. 114 ASTOUNDING SCIENCE-FICTION “Oh, that! Hell, no.” Lippert waved the idea aside. “We handle it, sure. You know that. But it’s cut below the danger point, and the city police inspect it. Our customers don’t know that, of course, or they wouldn’t think they were being devilish when they bought it.” "What’s the belly-ache, then?” GREG WAS becoming curious. If something big was going to happen, it would explain Harg’s presence next door. And if he, Fennel, could uncover it, he would be up for a place on the Interplanetary just like that! "It’s Bellon. That bloated Venu- sian’s getting ideas. He’s been hob-nob- bing with the folks back home lately. I listened in. Venus wants a colony!” "Sure she does.” Greg admitted it readily. He flipped open a door in the wall and rolled out a steaming tray. Ah! Roast beef flanked by Martian po- tatoes! And a huge plate of Venusian mushrooms! He started to eat and spoke between mouthfuls. “Sure Venus wants a colony. But she won’t buy. The Martians offered to sell Diemos, their smaller moon, a long time ago.” “Aw, who wants that chunk of iron! The Venusians have bigger ideas. They want a planet!” Fennel carefully laid down his fork. “You mean—Earth?” he inquired softly. "No.” Lippert leaned forward and drew designs on the tablecloth with his finger. “They want the Asteroids, All of ’em.” Greg gripped his wrist. "Are you crazy, Bert?” Then he leaned back and grinned. “You must have taken a shot of Jupiter Juice. The Asteroids belong to Earth. Why, more than a third of them are peopled by Earthlings! We’d never sell them. As for taking them by force, we could blow Venus to pieces if she tried.” “Sure we could! But she’s going to try. In fact, she has already. Notice any funny flashes in the sky lately ?” “Yes, and I know what they were. A couple of the tiny Asteroids collided. Nobody knows why. But no damage was done so we’re not worrying!” “I know why. And I’m worrying, too. The Venusians did that. They’re going to assemble the Asteroids into one large planet. They’ve got a base on Mars, and a bunch of Martians are help- ing them. There’ll be hell to pay in a week or so.” “Wait a minute, Bert. It doesn’t make sense, but there may be something in this. How can they assemble the Asteroids ?” “Gravity.” Lippert glanced at the row of booths opposite them. All were occupied. Most of the oc- cupants were Venusians, but there was a fair sprinkling of Earthlings and Mar- tians among them. One booth held three Saturnian apes. They looked sav- age, but were from a very intelligent race. None took any interest in what Lippert was doing so he went on. “It’s so darned simple, Greg. Look. Your gravity repulsor nullifies gravity, doesn’t it? If you turn it on and jump, or get some sort of a send, you keep on going and don’t come back until you shut it off again.” “That’s common knowledge. What has that to do with this?” “All right, Greg. Now take the gravity amplifier. You turn one on when you’re wearing it and you stand ’ rooted to the spot. In fact, if you turn it on strong enough, the increased grav- ity will flatten you out like a pancake!” “Sure. But I still don’t get your drift.” “Use your head, Greg.” Lippert leaned forward and talked fast. "The Asteroids are scattered along one orbit. They exert more or less gravity upon each other. Suppose two, fairly close together, were to have their gravity for all others nullified and their gravity for each other amplified. What would hap- pen?” ASTEROID PIRATES 115 ‘‘Why, they’d smash. Say, Bert, that’s it! That’s what happened !” "Exactly. The Vcnusians did that to some so small they attracted little at- tention. They crashed. There was nothing near enough to attract the fly- ing pieces, and these settled together. A loose, spongy mass. But, as this mass increases, its natural gravity will in- crease also. The mass will settle and harden. In time, it could be built into a planet.” “It could be. Lord, Bert, this is something big! I’m going—oh, hello, Bellon. Anything in the line of news out in the party room ?” THE VENUSIAN had approached silently. He was less than three feet tall, more than three feet in diameter. Fen- nel knew that the belt around Bellon’s waist, upon which the Venusian rolled, was more than ten feet long. One had to stoop to see the stunted, thick legs. But the arms made up for that short- ness by being fully five feet from shoul- der to wrist. They had no joints and could be coiled and twisted in a snake- like manner. They were usually wrapped about the Venusians’ necks with only a couple feet left to dangle at their sides. "News?” Bellon lifted his pig-eyes to Fennel’s face. “There is news only in this room, Greg Fennel. But news you might hear here is not to be passed over the radio. Is it, Bert?” Greg said nothing. Lippert was again drawing pictures, tracing them slowly and carefully. He neither spoke nor looked up. “Is it, Bert?” Bellon repeated. Lippert jerked erect. “Eh ? No, no! Of course not. I mean—yes, certainly. We need more advertising, Bellon. Greg should give it to us. But he says we’ve got to have news or we won’t be mentioned.” "He is quite right. And did you get the news, Greg?” “Not what my boss’d call news.” AST—8 ; Greg shook his head, as though he re- gretted the necessity of refusing their re- quest for publicity. “I know you fel- lows would like to have me start a 'ru- mor about your Jupiter Juice traffic. That’d bring results. Maybe a raid. And when that happened, your Juice ; would be found legal. Nope. Sorry, Bert, but nothing doing.” Lippert caught on. His tone became wheedling. ‘‘Aw, Greg, why not? A few words wouldn’t mean a thing to you or the Star and would help us like the deuce. Your boss’d never know. And if he did, he wouldn’t care.” Bellon bobbed his head and smiled. "Very nice,” he admitted. "If it were not for this”—he coiled a snaky finger around the arrow and lifted the wireless menu from the table top—"I might be- lieve you.” Fennel leaned forward. A dictograph lay before him. He paled. Lippert leaped to his feet. “You can’t get away with this, Bel- lon,” he shouted. "You’re going too far!” “I am,” Bellon agreed. "Too far to back out. And you, Bert, it is too bad, but-” Lippert staggered. A small red dot appeared on his forehead. Two other dots sprang into view beside it. He grabbed the edge of the table. "Needled!” His breath came in short gasps. “You shot me, Bellon! Greg, tell Har-” He fell forward, then slid off the table and slumped to the floor. Fennel jumped up. He held a needle pistol pointed at the center of Bellon’s forehead. Before he could shoot, the Venusian tipped over on his side and rolled into the next booth. Fennel stepped out upon the floor. The double doors leading to the party room closed. Just inside the booth room, stood Flan. The Martian propri- 116 ASTOUNDING SCIENCE-FICTION etor was aiming a needle pistol at Greg's chest. “Put up the gun, Greg,” he ordered. “What's the trouble?” Fennel’s lips twitched. He was fully aroused. But he controlled his anger, forcing himself to think. He had to get out. Had to notify the proper authorities of what had been hatched in the Interplanetary Restau- rant. He looked behind him. The floor was crowded. Each booth had belched its quota of Earthlings, Mar- tians, or Venusians upon the tile sur- face. Every man was armed, held a needle pistol pointed at him. Except the three Saturnian apes. THEY HAD not moved. They still sat at their table, calmly eating. But their eyes missed nothing. They were frankly curious, yet their attitude told him plainly that they intended to mind their own business and were not to be drawn into the present squabble. The Saturnians seldom mingled with the rest of the planetarians. Fennel slowly pocketed his gun. Bcl- lon waddled from the booth where he had taken refuge. He was all smiles. “Good work, Flan." He nodded to the extremely thin, eight-foot Martian. Flan lowered his long arm and tucked the pistol under his belt. His enormous head wagged. Fennel always expected to hear the thin neck crack whenever a Martian nodded. But in spite of their delicatc appearance, the Martians were an extremely hardy and powerful race. “What now, Bellon? We can keep up this restaurant farce no longer. Had we not better leave ?” “Immediately, Flan.” Bellon turned to where his countrymen had gathered into as close a mass as their girths would permit. “Ganot, go at once and gather our Venusian crews. Have them all roll down to our airport. You will take off at daybreak and go straight to Venus. Explain things to our govern- ment, and tell them to begin operations as soon as possible. Then lead the air fleet back to the Asteroids.” Ganot bowed. He spoke to the men around him, and most of them fol- lowed him through the rear door of the room. Bellon instructed the rest. “You, Hagai, gather the crews for our Martian base. You will command the Venus detachment and be under the orders of Stor. Stor will lead the ships to Mars, collect our fleet, and load them with ail available gravity repulsors and amplifiers. Then head back for the Asteroids. We will be waiting at the meeting place in our flagship.” Stor, a tall Martian, assented with a grim smile. He said something to Ha- gai, and all but two of the Venusians and four of the Martians left the room. The Earthlings, a dozen hard-faced Amer- icans, remained. Fennel faced them. “You fellows are in this, eh?” he jeered. “A bunch of traitors! Dupes! If this scheme should succeed—which it won’t—you’ll get paid in needles from Venusian pistols. You ought to know that. And if it fails, the pay-off will take place right here on Earth. What have you to gain ?” “Plenty, fellow.” A big, black-haired man grinned insolently. “We’ll be taken care of. None of us are worrying about what’s going to happen. We know! We’re handling the flagship! Bellon and Flan are both riding that. Naw! We got nothing to worry about.” “You see, Greg!” Bellon smiled smugly. “You haven’t a chance. Every- thing is taken care of. And everybody. Even you." He stopped abruptly. He had caught sight of the three Saturnian apes for the first time. They had finished eating. The three were leaning back in their chairs view- ing the drama with visible interest. They were not the least bit fright- ened or embarrassed. Their only uneasi- ness, Greg knew, was due to the unac- customed clothing all planetarians were ASTEROID PIRATES 117 forced to don when they landed upon Earth. Flan grinned good-humoredly. "It seems, Bellon,” he said, “that you had better take care of our unexpected audience. They have heard too much to be left out of our plans now.” Bellon nodded and waddled to the booth. He addressed one of the two facing him. “What do you Saturnians know?” THE APE looked up, baring his teeth in an engaging grin. Then he ignored the Venusian and'spoke rapidly to his companions. The three gurgled happily, seemed to think something extremely pleasant lay before them. They nodded in agreement. The first again faced Bellon. “Everything, my dear Venusian. It is perfectly plain, is it not? All of Venus and at least a part of Mars are conspir- ing to steal the Asteroids from Earth. Since you spoke of taking gravity re- pulsors and amplifiers there, you must intend to consolidate those small plan- ets into the large globe it once was. Am I right?” "Too right.” Bellon’s tone was decid- edly unpleasant. "I don’t know how you figured it out from the little you heard, but you have done so. You know what that means?” The Saturnian gurgled again. The other two echoed the gurgle in an equally pleasant manner. "Assuredly, Bellon. But you must not think our intelligence too remarkable. You see, we Saturni- ans had the same idea several centuries ago, Earth time. But Earth was then exploring the Asteroids so we felt she had a prior claim and gave up the idea. And what it means, my dear Bellon, is this: You must either take us with you or kill us. Am I right again?” "You are,” Bellon declared em- phatically. "Possibly you could also ad- vise me what to do about it?” “I could.” The ape nodded sagely. “But you would not take my advice. Bak, IJrg, and I have discussed the matter fully. We think the same. You must kill us, Bellon. Your only hope for success lies in doing that immedi- ately. Unless you do, we will thwart your plans.” Bellon sneered. Flan, evincing the rare good humor common to his race, grinned in appreciation of his partner’s discomfiture. The other four Martians and the Americans did the same. The assured manner of the Saturnians impressed Fennel favorably. He liked the apes. Their facetiousness was not assumed. They were absolutely with- out fear. If Bellon could be induced to spare them, anything might be possible. “Monkeying with murder won’t help you, Bellon,” he warned. “Best leave well enough alone. You’ve killed an American. Our police will never forget that. If Saturn’s police take up your trail also, you’ll never escape.” Bak, the largest Saturnian, sat alone on one side of the table. He threw back his head and laughed uproariously. “My dear Greg,” he gasped, “pray, do not intercede for us. If it is predestined that we are to die from needle pistols, that shall be our fate.” He released an- other outburst of laughter, then added, “But I fear Jan spoke truly. Bellon will not heed our advice. He will spare us.” Bellon bristled. He knew he was be- ing baited. But he knew, also, that the fearlessness of the apes had excited the admiration of the Martians and their American allies. He forced a smile. “Very true, my dear Bak. Your lives will be spared, but you will honor us with your presence on the trip. Must I add, as prisoners?” "But, Bellon,” Urg looked up earnestly, “you have not forgotten that you cannot succeed while we live? You see, it is foreordained that we block your plans. My advice would be-” "Enough!” Bellon’s patience was at 118 ASTOUNDING SCIENCE-FICTION an end. He turned to his two compatri- ots. “Search them. Search Greg Fen- nel also. Make sure they have no weap- ons of any kind. You men,” he ad- dressed the Americans, “bring the sur- face cars to the back entry. We shall leave for the airport immediately.” GREG ALLOWED the sinuous arms of one of the Venusians to travel over his body. The needle pistol was taken. So were the two extra pellets of ammunition. He even allowed his in- dividual flyer to be lifted from his shoul- ders. He would have no use for that anyway. It wouldn’t work once they were out of Earth’s atmosphere, and the spaceships would dive through that in seconds. The Saturnians were greatly amused. They offered no resistance, and nothing of note was found on them. Not even needle pistols. They wore the outer summer garments adopted by all Earth males and that varied only in color and texture: trousers, sleeveless shirt, and jacket. Greg wondered where they could have bought clothes large enough to fit their enormous bodies. He saw their true size while they were being hurried along a wide corridor to the back of the building. They stooped forward as they walked, but even then their heads towered above those of the Martians! Each must have weighed over eight hundred pounds. Yet there was something about their stealthy movements that told Fennel they could act with the speed of light when the oc- casion demanded. The surface cars were parked close to the building. Two were light trucks with steel vault bodies. Money trans- ports. The rest were brand-new, glass- bodied passengers. The four-foot drive wheels in front were equipped with sep- arate oxy-liydrogen motors, and the glass plow windbreaker told Greg they were speedsters. Capable of five hun- dred miles an hour. Flan boarded the first car. Two Mar- tians, a Venusian, and an American got in with him. A vault truck was next. Jan, the Saturnian, gurgled when they pushed him inside. Greg saw a light in the rear of the segment rented by Harg, the Martian spy, and his partner in the ether-phone business. Fie wanted to call a warning but he knew the building was sound-proof. Then he was hustled into the truck, and the vault door clanged shut behind him. “What a joyful escapade!” Jan was thoroughly enjoying himself in spite of the cramped quarters. “How happy Bak and Urg must be!” “They won't be so happy when we reach the Asteroids,” Greg said, glumly. “We’ll be needled then!” “My dear Greg,” the ape said between gurgles, “we Saturnians are needle- proof. That is what amuses us so greatly. Our hides are very thick, al- most puncture-proof. But the hair upon our bodies is our real protection. Needles spin. The hair winds about them tightly and stops them before any damage can be done. Is it not amusing?” “Very,” Fennel answered laconically. “For you fellows.” “Oh, do not become disheartened.” Jan hastened to reassure him. “Bak, Urg and I shall certainly stay with you to the very end. We intended that from the start. Otherwise, we should have destroyed the creatures bade in the In- terplanetary Restaurant. “If you had,” Greg told him, “we could have saved the Asteroids then and there. We could have notified Harg of the Interplanetary Espionage and the Planetary Federation would have taken care of things." “Ego, Greg. Yes, I am afraid it was ego that forced us to act as we did. But let me explain. “Because we once planned to assem- ble the Asteroids, we Saturnians recog- nized what was taking place when the first collision occurred. We investigated. ASTEROID PIRATES 119 We traced the crews to their base upon Mars. We learned that the Venusians were the instigators. We saw that a number of Interplanetary laws were about to be broken. "We Saturnisms have mixed little with the rest of the planetarians. Most of them think we are ignorant savages. We want to join the Planetary Federation as an intelligent people. It would be years before we would be treated as such. But if we can accomplish something spectac- ular, something that will better condi- tions in our Solar System, we will win the respect of you planetarians with one stroke. “This happened. It seemed our chance. Can you blame us if we decided to act without notifying the P. F. or calling for assistance? Bak, Urg, and I came to Earth to begin operations.” "Jan,” Fennel found the Saturnian’s arm and squeezed it, “I’m with you! I’m only a small cog in the American Secret Police, but when I tell what I know, you can be sure Earth will back your planet to the limit!” "Well said, Greg. I appreciate that greatly. I-” The truck stopped. The door was jerked open. Jan and Fennel backed out and slid to the ground. A huge, torpedo-shaped spaceship was before them. DAY WAS BREAKING. The other spaceships had already taken off. The two were surrounded and hurried through the air locks and into the ves- sel. Bak and Urg were there. Both wore handcuffs and shackles—and broad grins! Bellon was still angry. He shouted orders right and left. Jan was hand- cuffed, and the three Saturnians were sent above under heavy guard. Greg’s heart sank when he was left alone. “You will stay with me, Greg. I have use for you. So long as you be- have, you will not be imprisoned.” Bel- lon led the way into the commander’s stateroom. “Sit down, Greg.” He motioned to a chair. One of his long arms reached out and pulled a cushioned stool toward him. He slid it under his fat body from behind and sat down. “You think my plan is foolish, don’t you?” “It is foolish,” Fennel stated. “No matter how it turns out, you can’t win. You may assemble the Asteroids. That I'll grant. But Venus can never hold them after you- do. The Planetary Fed- eration won’t stand for it.” “I think they will. What is the only way, except by purchase, that a planet may acquire a colony under the Solar laws ?” “Exploration. Discovery means noth- ing. Nor does building. It is only by exploration that a planet may claim a new possession. Even conquest does not count.” “True. Earth explored the Asteroids. They were awarded to her. But the product of onr work will be a new planet. And the Venusians will explore it first.” Greg laughed. “That’s ridiculous. Our war fleet will surround it until it becomes ready for exploration.” “Suppose,” Bellon stressed each word, “the atmosphere of the new- planet were found to be saturated with hilgin gas?” Fennel drew in his breath sharply. Hilgin gas! The deadliest gas in the Solar System! It filtered through steel. Spacesuits could not keep it out. The merest whiff meant instantaneous death to any planetarian. Any—but a Ve- nusian! For some reason or other, they were immune. Nobody knew why. It was like their ability to roll; nobody under- stood how they did it. Greg doubted if they knew themselves. But, regardless of whys and wherefores; the fact still re- 120 ASTOUNDING SCIENCE-FICTION mained that hilgin gas did not affect the Venusians. Suddenly the real meaning of Bellon’s allusion came to him! Ililgin gas was as scarce as it was deadly. It had been found on only three planets: Venus, Jupiter, and Uranus. Every bit of it had been collected by the Planetary Federation and it had been outlawed. It was now the sole atmosphere of Dor- las, the tiniest of all the tiny Asteroids! And—Dorlas would be pulled into the forming planet. The gas would be lib- erated. The atmosphere of the new planet would be saturated. And if it w'as, none but a Venusian could explore the surface! “I see you understand.” Bellon was grinning. “How simple it all is! Venus will not even be connected with this ex- pedition. We are pirates; no one knows us. No one but you and these Saturni- ans. And rest assured, Greg, that if you do not do as I tell you, you shall be silenced!” “You’re a fiend, Bellon. But there’s nothing I can do. Not now, at any rate. So I'll listen to what you’ve got to say. Go ahead.” “We want your voice, Greg. On the air. Your ten-minute column is heard all over Earth. We can manage to have it heard all over the Solar System. We can make you the greatest newspaper at- traction in the Planetary Federation.” Fennel remained silent. “You need only excite public opinion in favor of Venus. We are not highly esteemed. You can make everybody re- spect us. And convince the world that the new planet must be considered a free agent open to exploration by any willing to undergo the dangers of its atmos- phere !” Fennel said, “Go ahead, Bellon. Nee- dle me. You know I will never agree to that." “Suit yourself.” Bellon stood up. “We will be there in forty-eight hours. You need not decide until then. Of course, I hope you will agree. But we shall go ahead whether you do or not. You are not vital to our plans.” He waddled to the door, then stopped. His long finger pointed. “Your stateroom. You need sleep, Greg.” He slammed the door. TWO DAYS later, Greg stood peer- ing through the transparent side of the ship. Flan stood behind him. His bony hands rested ou Fennel’s shoulders. Bellon was seated on a low stool near by. He pointed. “There it is, Greg. You can still de- cide.” A green mist drew rapidly nearer. Fennel watched it thin, saw the rays of a clear Sun strike the surface of the black ball about which the mist swirled. Dorlas. The Deadly Dot of the Solar System! His shoulders straightened. Flan’s fingers tightened their grip. Fennel was trembling. “You have my answer.” His voice was low and husky. He turned so quickly Flan’s hand slipped from his shoulders. The Martian grabbed his arm. “Offer me something else, Bel- lon ! Forget this wild scheme of yours. Leave the Asteroids alone! Grant the Saturnians and me our liberty and I'll do anything you ask!” Bellon laughed. “No, no, Greg. That shall never be. Look! It is now too late!” He pointed again. Pin-points of light showed through the blackness. Red, yellow, green; red, yellow, green. Fen- nel had heard enough to know what they meant. The battleships of Venus were approaching the Asteroids. Flan loosened his grip. The Martian pointed. “There! Below us! Mars!” He was right. A long row of red lights was rising from beneath them. The Martian Pirates. Fennel groaned. Bellon murmured, “What wonderful ASTEROID PIRATES 121 timing!” then kicked his stool away and stood up. "Quick!” he called loudly. “Man the searchlights! It shall be the honor of the flagship to plant the gravity repulsor and amplifier upon Dorlas!” Thick beams of light shot through the darkness. Answering beams reached to- ward them. The flagship settled slowly, hung above the mist that hid the sur- face of Dorlas. The fleets deployed. Dorlas became the hub of a wheel of light. Venusians climbed into spacesuits. Flan, who had directed the placing of the repulsors and amplifiers in the air lock, came rushing back. He was grin- ning. “Bellon! An idea just occurred to me. Would it not be nice if we were to allow Greg to assist the crew that boards Dorlas? Think of the honor!” “Flan!” Bellon’s eyes lighted joy- fully. “What a beautiful idea! I al- most believe you’re sentimental. Greg shall have the honor!” “No!” Fennel shouted hoarsely. “Needle me! Do what you want! But try to send me down in that poison, and I’ll kill you!” Flan laughed. His needle pistol was in his hand. He stepped forward. Without warning, Fennel dove. Greg’s shoulder hit the Martian hard. Flan doubled up. His grip loosened, and needle pistol dropped from his hand. Fennel twisted. He caught the pistol and spun it about. A stream of deadly needles shot from the barrel. Flan sagged. Greg gripped his body and held it before him. Bellon shouted. The pirate crew sprang forward. Greg backed away, spurting needles into their ranks. That held them back. He reached the stairway, shouted, “Jan!” There was an answering roar from above. Greg hesitated. Jan roared again. Bale and Urg joined in. Greg sent a volley into the squirming mass before him, drove the pirates back across the compartment. He dropped his human shield and leaped upward. HALFWAY up, Fennel stopped. An American stood at the top of the stairs, his pistol pointed at Greg’s head. Greg leaped aside. Needles whined past his ear, and shouts of pain and rage came from the pirates below. The American above cursed. He dropped his gun, leaped on Greg, and swung a long- bladed knife. Fennel ducked. The knife slashed his shirt, opened a long gash along his ribs. He pulled his pistol free and jerked the trigger. The American folded up and rolled downward. Fennel followed his fall with the gun barrel, squeezing the trig- ger. Nothing happened. He threw the empty gun and raced to the next deck. Jan roared, “The switch! The switch!” Greg found it, jerked hard on the handle. Magnetic locks clicked and three barred doors spun open. Bak led the rush. He smashed into the pirates on the landing, pushed them back upon the stairs. Then he leaped among them, growling like the ape he was. Bellowing, Urg hurled himself into the fight. Jan stopped. He lifted Greg tenderly, holding him erect in his powerful arms. He was laughing. “What an experience!” His eyes danced merrily. “Delightful, Greg. Really delightful! I’ll never get over this, never! Let me help you, my dear Greg.” Fennel tried to pull away. “Never—mind—me,” he gasped. “Bak and Urg—they’re down there fighting!” “Of course they are!” Jan held up his hand. “Just hear them! But I could not interrupt; they’d never forgive me. Come, Greg. It will all be over by the time we get there.” It was. The compartment was a shambles. Bodies, ripped and torn, 122 ASTOUNDING SCIENCE-FICTION were strewn about. Bak’s clothing hung in shreds. He pranced about, a hairy ape, vainly seeking some living thing upon which to pounce. There was no sign of Urg. Bale saw them. His fists clenched and smote his heavy chest. Then his hands dropped to his hips and his head tilted upward. Roars of laughter burst from his lips. “Wonderful! Greg, you must accept my thanks. And Jan, you acted su- perbly. How could you resist joining us ?” “When there is not enough for one, should two divide?” Jan’s eyes twin- kled. “Should the occasion arise, I shall expect the same of you. Urg is al- ready at work?" “Yes. Urg was very sportsmanlike. He saw he was not needed and took charge of the ship immediately. But he did take four of the Americans from me. He said he will need them to man his ship.” Greg leaned against the wall. He fought the searing pain in his side and tried to listen to what the Saturnians were saying. But his eyes kept wan- dering. Bright flashes appeared and reap- peared among the spaceships of the pi- rates. Monstrous, soundless explosions lighted the void. Luminous beams swung through the blackness, followed the twisting hulls of gigantic air cruisers. Myriads of colored lights danced through space. “Fellows,” he said, weakly, “you've been great. But we’re still in the fire. The pirates are out there—they’re doing things. We’ve got to get word-” “Forgive me, Greg.” Bak lifted him as though he were a child. He pulled a long table to the center of the room and laid Fennel upon it. “I’d forgotten you were wounded. As for the pirates, they are well taken care of.” “What are you talking about ?” Greg struggled to sit up. “We haven't had a chance to send a warning!” Bak straightened. He folded his arms across his chest and looked stern. “Fennel, I want you to lie down while I treat your wound. Are you going to do so, or must I get rough?” “No.” Greg solemnly shook his head. “I saw you get rough, Bak. I'll lie down.” “Now,” Jan handed Bak a Venusian first-aid kit and turned to Greg, “I’ll tell you what happened.” He parted the thick hair on his chest and exposed a bright metal disc. “An ether micro- phone,” he explained. He folded his ear back. Another disc, somewhat smaller, had been concealed there. “A receiver. We have never been out of communication with Saturn since we left our planet.” BAK OPENED Fennel's shirt and his long, powerful fingers explored the ugly gash. Greg winced with the pain of it. Jan said, “He’s not an ape!" and Bak grinned sheepishly. He smeared a thick salve along the wound. Before he had begun to apply the bandages, the pain had almost disappeared. Jan con- tinued. “Our people were informed of every move we and the pirates made. Our spaceships reached the Asteroids first and waited for our signal to begin the attack. By this time, the pirate ships are all either destroyed or captured. “We told Harg, of the Interplanetary Espionage, about the base on Mars and the restaurant in New York. He prom- ised to take care of both. Earth was notified, and their air fleet left at once to surround Venus. We purposely al- lowed the Venusian fleet and that of the Martian Pirates to come here that our people might establish themselves as worthy planetarians by capturing them. Do you forgive us, Greg?” “Forgive you? Lord, Jan, there’s ASTEROID PIRATES 123 nothing to forgive. I want to thank you !” Bak pressed the last strip of adhesive tape in place and helped Greg to his feet. Greg felt no pain but was stiff and weak. He pointed to a case of Martian wine and said, “Let’s celebrate.” Jan placed a bottle and three glasses on the table. Somebody said, “Another glass, please,” and Urg entered the compart- ment. "A wonderful victory,” he told them. “The Martian government smashed the base on their planet and the Venusians are already suing Earth for peace. Our fleet,” his voice vibrated with pride, “had no trouble here.” “A fleet under your command will never have trouble, Urg,” Jan spoke softly, then turned to Greg. “Urg is admiral of the combined war fleets of Saturn.” Fennel gaped as Urg bowed. He mut- tered, “Holy mackerel!” but Urg only smiled. “I'm only a lesser light, Greg. Jan is president of the United Nations of Saturn, and Bak is our trouble-loving army commander.” Jan laughed. “It would come out. Now that you know, Greg, won’t you accompany us to Saturn? Our planet has never been explored by a planetarian, and we will give you full rights to re- port actual conditions there to the whole Solar System.” “And I’ll take you around!” Bak’s eyes glistened. “In state, Greg. See everything—do anything. Think of your paper!” Greg was thinking of it. Revealing the mysteries of Saturn would make him the greatest figure in the news world. Not on Earth—in the whole System! His ten-minute column would be stretched to a half hour—an hour! His salary ? Hell! In a month he could retire with more money than he could ever throw away. Man, what a break! One of the Americans cautiously stuck his head in the doorway and held out a sheet of paper. “Ether message for Greg Fennel,” he explained. Greg took the message and read it slowly. “You are accepted as a member of In- terplanetary Espionage. Report to Harg at Gorgas, Mars, immediately. Trans- portation arranged to Diemos, where you will investigate deaths of four planetarians in Diemotian iron mines. Your number 11-38-962. Signed, Paul Dunning, Chief. Interplanetary Espion- age.” Greg’s eyes swam. He looked at the three Saturnians, saw their pleased grins give way to puzzled disappointment. Then his shoulders squared. “Sorry, fellows. That trip will have to wait. I’ve got me a job!” The September ASTOUNDING SCIENCE-FICTION closes FIVE YEARS of STREET & SMITH ASTOUNDING DON’T MISS IT! 124 IN TIMES TO COME NEXT month’s issue closes five full years of Street & Smith’s management of Astounding. That issue is going to typify the five years of work and advance- ment Astounding—and science-fiction—have undergone since the Street & Smith Astounding first appeared in September, 1933. Manly Wade Wellman’s Treasure Asteroid appears on the cover—and that cover is by Thomson. That typifies our effort to find new. good cover artists. There is one of Ray Cummings’ best short stories—Xl-2-200—to represent the best of the old. Kent Casey, a new author who has already established himself as a top-notcher represents the best of the new. He’s there with The Ceres Affair_ returning John West and the irrepressible if slightly irrational Dr. von Theil. And Eddin Clark represents two new policies: he’s a new author who has never before appeared, and his yarn Double! Double! represents one of the most completely, delightfully batty, yet biologically sound yarns I’ve ever enjoyed. For those who like their science-fiction strait-laced and grim-faced—no. But for those who en- joyed Anachronistic Optics, Ftareback, Hyperpelosity and Good Old Brig!—yes, by all means. For them, Eddin Clark is a find. Finally, we start a new serial, The Tramp, by L. Ron Hubbard. And that repre- sents, for Astounding, the effort to get the best stories of the science-fiction type by the best authors available. It’s a three-part story of an utterly insignificant little tramp, a shiftless no-account who was kicked off a box-car, to fall on his head. He woke, still insignificant, still timorous, still dull-witted as ever. But he’d gained a terrible power, and then someone with an embittered, keener mind took him in hand, led him, pushed him, to a mad domination of the country. By the power of his eyes! The Editor 1.           THE ANALYTICAL LABORATORY Men Against the Stars Manly Wade Wellman 2. Seeds of the Dusk        Raymond Z, Gallun 3. Isle of the Golden Swarm Norman L. Knight 4. Legion of Time           Jack Williamson 5. Three Thousand Years!    Thomas Calvert McClary Second only to Men Against the Stars in reader approval was the astronomical cover. Men Against the Stars led all other stories by 28%—the cover, however, trailed it by only 10%. ABOVE, we present the Analytical Laboratory, Below, something new. Astound- ing has been running this Laboratory department for several months now. You’ve analyzed the authors and their stories. Now they want an about-face. They want a chance to analyze you so that they may know better your likes and dislikes, the type of experience the people they write for have had. This is a research data sheet. We’d like to have you express yourself freely and honestly. This is, after all, an analytical laboratory, and exact results depend upon your answers. -------Please clip and mail before August 1, 1938 ------- Editor, Astounding Science-Fiction 79 Seventh Ave., New York City. State of residence....................................................... Occupation............................................ Rural or City Surroundings?.................................... Age Group IS 20 25 30 35 40 and over Numbering the stories in order of preference, I rate them: 1......................................................................... 4......................................................................... 2......................................................................... 5......................................................................... 3......................................................................... 6........................................................................ Orbits, Take-offs and Landings An authoritative article on the actual maneuvering possibilities and necessities of rocket-ships — and the neglected First Law of Rocketry— by Willy Ley WHILE actual rocket experi- mentation is struggling along, irked and delayed by little mis- haps like valve troubles, melting com- bustion chambers or just plain lack of funds, science-fiction authors find no difficulties in having their space liners run freely from Mars to Jupiter and from Earth to Mercury. Thus far things are all right; it is the duty of science- fiction to point out what might be. However, our science-fiction authors should not point out what cannot be without saying so. In the case of space- ships, many readers—and even a good many of the authors—seem to think that spaceships, if they were only in ex- istence, could navigate the void as easily and as voluntarily as the Atlantic Ocean is navigated by the Queen Mary, the Normandie and the Bremen. If the villain who stole the Martian princess cannot be found on Vesta, the hero heads his good—although some- what scarred and battered—ship straight for Venus, where the villain probably is hiding. This may sound reasonable in the story—if it is a good yarn at all— but it would be simply impossible in reality. Spaceships cannot travel in straight lines! This sentence might be called the First Law of Interplanetary Travel. It dif- fers from ordinary long-distance travel not only by the magnitude of distance and by the means of transportation. The “law” that spaceships cannot travel in straight lines is valid no matter what distance is to be traversed. But it works only for self-respecting spaceships propelled by a drive based on the princi- ple of action and reaction as stated by Sir Isaac Newton. It does not hold true for “big tear-drops” with Bergen- holms and inertialess drive. They might do anything and do it in stories. But spaceships of “normal” design—space- ships as they are now visualized by the more imaginative among rocket enthusi- asts—are bound to obey certain natural laws, laws that are firmly established and can be checked at any time by any telescopic measurement. To understand the underlying princi- ples of space flight one has to begin with elementary facts. Any spaceship, whether it was built in an honest fac- tory on Earth or by some scheming alien entity on another planet, has to start its journey from some planet—i. e., from a moving base. Thus it happens that its velocity in space—with reference to the center of the Sun which might be assumed immovable—is determined by at least two factors: the orbital speed of the planet, and the speed of the ship herself. Usually, the speed of the surface of the planet at the point of departure (due to the daily rotation around the axis) will introduce a third, and oftentimes 126 ASTOUNDING SCIENCE-FICTION disturbing factor. This might be elimi- nated by taking off from a pole, but although such a maneuver might make calculations easier, it might not be de- sirable in actuality as we will see later. To simplify the problem, let us as- sume first that the whole planet has to be propelled through space, and that we undertake to do it with our own planet, Earth. Disregarding the difficulties aris- ing from the daily rotation we then have the following situation: The Earth travels in its almost-circu- lar orbit around the Sun at a speed of 29.7 kilometers per second. This speed is just sufficient to create enough centrif- ugal force to counterbalance the Sun's attraction at the actual distance from the Sun. Inside the orbit of Earth travels Venus—naturally with a higher orbital speed, since it is nearer to the Sun and has more gravitational attraction to counterbalance. Mars travels outside the orbit of Earth around the Sun, its speed is less than that of Earth. The follow- ing table shows the orbital speeds of the major planets; it is easy to see how it diminishes with the distance from the Sun. LET US imagine that some force suddenly reduced the orbital speed of the Earth. It would not jump into the orbit of Mars or of Jupiter as might be thought. On the contrary. The Earth would start failing toward the Sun. If Earth’s orbital speed were in- Name    Mean distance in million kilometers Mercury      58 Venus        108 Earth   149^ Mars         227 Jupiter      777 Saturn      1,424 Uranus      2,864 Neptune     4,487 stantaneously reduced to zero it would fall into the Sun in a straight line. This would not even be deplorable, since the sudden stop would have changed the planet into a mass of flaming wreckage anyway. If, however, even a little orbital velocity were left, the planet would not fall directly into the Sun. It would move in an elliptical orbit, deter- mined by solar attraction and the re- mainder of orbital speed. The Earth’s orbit would change from a near-circle to a long-drawn-out ellipse, with a peri- helion close to the Sun. To the living beings on Earth, from amoeba to man, such a change of orbit might be ca- tastrophic, but the planet itself would survive it. If the orbital speed were reduced only about ten per cent, the Earth would start falling toward the Sun. It would spiral nearer to the central luminary, but while approaching the Sun, its speed would increase like that of a falling stone, until a point and a speed were reached that reestablished an equilibrium of some new order. After some time, the planet would again have a stable orbit around the Sun—not the same as before, but equally stable. If the orbital speed of the planet were increased, the opposite effect would take place. The planet would begin to spiral away from the Sun, using up energy while doing so, and more and more de- creasing its speed. As the upward mo- tion of a thrown stone comes finally to a Time of    Orbital speed complete   in kilometers revolution  per second 88 days        48.1 225 “          35.2 365.2 “        29.7 687 “          25.9 12 years       13.1 29y2 “         9.67 84 “           6.84 165 “          5.46 ORBITS, TAKE-OFFS AND LANDINGS 127 stop, the outward motion of the Earth would come to a stop after a while. Equilibrium would be reestablished, the planet would have a new orbit outside its former orbit and with smaller orbital velocity. It may sound surprising, at first, that an increase of orbital speed would result in an orbit with lesser or- bital speed, but it is nevertheless true. What can be done to the whole planet in theory can be done to a part of it in practice—if we are “skilled in the art.” When we fire a gun vertically at dusk or at dawn the shell—as seen from the Sun—undergoes a change of orbital speed, either an increase or a de- crease. If the difference were only large enough, the shell might travel to the orbit of Mars (if its own speed added itself to the orbital speed of Earth) or to the orbit of Venus (if its speed sub- tracted itself). And if the shot was rightly timed—i. e., if the shell needed the same time to travel the distance be- tween the orbits as the moving targets of the planets needed to arrive at the meeting place—the shell might even fall upon one of these planets. We know nowadays—Ziolkovsky, Oberth, Goddard and a lot of others taught us that—that rockets are better suited to obtain high velocities than shells. Therefore spaceships and rocket-ships have justly become synon- ymous, although one might imagine a spaceship that is not a rocket-ship, and one can certainly imagine a rocket-ship that is not a spaceship. Although some may try to imagine a spaceship that is not a rocket-ship, the only means to conquer space we know of is by rockets. For this reason alone the theory of interplanetary travel should be based upon the laws of rocket motion. The first scientific calculation of this kind—made around the year 1900 by the Russian school teacher Konstan- tin E. Ziolkovsky—concerned a flight to the Moon—just the one case that happens to be an exception from the Impossible and possible orbits to Venus. Orbit I is impossible, since when the ship reached Venus, planet and rocket would be moving in opposite directions. For landing, then, fuel would be needed to halt the rocket’s motion, then reverse it, and bring it up to Venus’ velocity. Or- bit II is possible since rocket and planet would meet traveling in the same direc- tion at nearly equivalent speeds. general rule! Afterwards, the matter rested uninvestigated until in 1925 one of the construction engineers of the city of Essen (Germany), Dr. Walter Hoh- mann, published a treatise that was de- voted almost exclusively to the orbits of spaceships. Dr. Hohmann did not treat problems of construction or operation in his book; he merely stated his faith in the rocket principle. Then he concen- trated his attention upon the astronom- ical aspects of interplanetary travel. One of the first things that occurred to him was the realization that our Solar Sys- tem is fairly well suited for interplan- etary travel. All of its planets, and prac- tically all of its moons,- circle the Sun in very nearly the same plane. And— which is even more important—all the planets and the vast majority ef the moons travel in the same direction. If either of these facts were different the hopes for interplanetary flights would have been destined to remain hopes. One could never hope to land 128 ASTOUNDING SCIENCE-FICTION on a planet “Mars II” that traveled in its orbit just as real Mars does, but in the opposite direction. One could hardly hope to reach a “Venus II" trav- eling in an orbit the plane of which formed an angle of 90° with the plane of the orbit of Earth. This is true be- cause one cannot steer in space as one can on Earth. On Earth, if an airplane wishes to change its direction 180°—to turn around completely—no power need be expended. The fins are set at an angle, and the necessary force is ob- tained by reaction with the air. In space, fuel must be burned whenever a change in direction is made. To turn through 180°, as would be necessary to reach “Mars II,” fuel enough would be needed to overcome Earth’s orbital speed, plus fuel to match the orbital speed of “Mars II,” plus the fuel needed to climb out the 50,000,000 miles or so against solar gravity. To reach our hypothetical “Venus II,” a turn in direction of 90° must be made. Curi- ously, the spaceship which cannot travel in a straight line, cannot curve its course by its own volition either! Or, at least, cannot economically do so. Things being as they are, interplan- etary travel is within the bounds of rea- son. The problem becomes solvable if powerful rocket motors and applied astronomical mathematics are used as tools. Now, in 1938, it remains to build better rocket motors. They are still too heavy and do not last long enough. TO DEMONSTRATE the problems in question as simply as possible, Hoh- mann divided interplanetary trips into several parts. Part One was the de- parture from Earth, Part Two the at- tainment of the proper orbit, Part Three the correction of the orbit and Part Four the landing on the planet. An example of this method of division might be interesting. If the ship is bound for Mars, it has to increase the speed it has with refer- ence to the Sun as part of the Earth. Hohmann wanted it to take off from the planet in the general direction of the Sun and to attain a distance of about 800,000 kilometers from the center of the Earth. Although this distance is small as astronomical distances go, it would practically eliminate the attrac- tion of the Earth. Hohmann wanted the ship to go sunward first only for the purpose of having the planet (Earth) always fully illuminated so that mistakes might be easily checked. According to Dr. Hohmann’s calculations, the distance mentioned would be attained in about 15 days. At the end of this time it would have separated from the Earth, but seen from the Sun it would still travel with the orbital speed of Earth. In short, the ship would be a small part of the planet, separate and independent, but still behaving exactly like the planet it- self. After this is accomplished, the rocket motors woidd have to resume work to “disturb" the orbit in such a way that the new orbit that would be created would extend between the orbits of Earth and Mars. It would be an ellipse of fairly high eccentricity, just touching both orbits on either end, but not cross- ing them. A few days later, some cor- rections of the orbit might have to be made, and then there would be no work left for the pilot except waiting till the orbit of Mars is reached. If the ship departed at the right time, Mars would be due at a selected point of its orbit such as to meet the spaceship and catch it in its gravitational field. Then, laud- ing would follow. Expressed in figures of velocity, the whole operation looks as follows: The ship has to attain a speed of 12—14 kilometers per second to climb to a distance of 800,000 kilometers, and leave the gravitational field of Earth1. For the >) The ship Is util! in the gravitational field of Harth, of course, if we understand the term strictly. But at this distance the Influence U so feeble that it can be safeiF disregarded. ORBITS, TAKE-OFFS AND LANDINGS 129 change of orbits, another 3000 meters per second are needed; for the correc- tion, exactly 320 meters per second. To- gether, 15,320—17,320 meters per sec- ond. The uncertainty is due to the un- known factors of air resistance. It might be well to mention that the time the rocket motors are in operation during this trip is ridiculously small. The first and greatest change of speed does not take more than about eight minutes if undergone with an acceleration of about four gravities. All in all, the rocket motors will have to work for a little over ten minutes from the moment of the take-off from Earth until the ship is ready to go into landing maneuvers for landing on Mars. Dr. Hohmann’s method of calculation has been both praised and criticized by other authors, notably by Professor.Her- mann Oberth and Count Guido von Pir- quet. They praised it for its pioneering value and for its simplicity; criticized it because it is not the optimal solution of the problem. Professor Oberth’s im- provement of the method has been termed “the problem of condensation of powered flight”. It is true that firing the rockets three times looks a little amateurish if the three necessary changes in velocity can be attained in one sweep. It is also true that a considerable amount of fuel can be saved if all necessary speed changes are compressed into one operation. The reason for this saving has to be sought mainly in the fact that the rocket motors would work with lower efficiency in the second and third firing because of the lower speed of the ship. If all three changes are accom- plished together, the ship has generally a higher speed and therefore the rocket motors have a higher efficiency. As a matter of fact, Hohmann men- tioned later that he is in favor of con- densing the period of powered flight himself. There are cases, however, where it would be advisable not to con- dense, because several periods of firing would prove advantageous. Such a case would present itself if the ship had to leave one of the moons of Jupiter. Ju- piter’s bulk could be used to assist the rocket motors of the ship. Departing from the moon would not need an ex- cessive amount of fuel. Then the ship would fall in the general direction of Jupiter and thereby increase the speed. At a certain instant, the rocket motors would have to force the ship into the right orbit. Just when this change has to be made will vary from case to case, and will be the main worry of the pilot who is unfortunate enough to be as- signed to the plotting of such a course. TO CONTINUE with the discussion of those orbits that are the rule and not the exception, it may be said that sub- stituting Oberth’s for Hohmann’s method changes neither the appearance nor the underlying principles of flight. It is only a more “professional” way of accomplishing the same thing. The time needed for a flight to Mars in what Hohmann calls his “Orbit A” Sight-plan to be followed for minimum fuel consumption in interplanetary Sight. The curve represents one half of the orbit an asteroid circling the Sun in such a way as to just graze both Earth’s and Venus’ orbits would follow. 130 ASTOUNDING SCIENCE-FICTION MOON wX V )) EARTH A' ✓ The curious f-shaped orbit-curve for the most efficient Earth-Moon flight. Curi- ously, rocket-Hight demands the most powerful motors known to man—yet rocket-Bight is almost 100% unpowered Bight! Like the glider, to be efficient, the rocket must travel on the interplanet- ary “winds” of space—gravitational force. would be 258 days, but a round trip could not be made in twice that num- ber of days. It would take much longer. In speaking about interplanetary trips in the literal sense of the word—trips between two planets and not trips be- tween a planet and its moons—one has always to remember that there exist two basically different types of orbits. Those we discussed up to this point are orbits obtained by changing the orbital velocity relative to the Sun. These “A orbits” are the ones most easy to accomplish if judged under consideration of minimum fuel consumption. The B, C, D, etc., orbits are obtained with changes of or- bital speed and direction. Since all orbits are elliptical—although only part of the ellipse is actually traveled—one can also say that an ellipse that touches the orbits of the planets of departure and of arrival is an A orbit, while an ellipse that crosses the orbits of the planets of departure and of arrival belongs to one of the other classes. The A orbits are inexpensive, but take a long time. Furthermore, they cannot be traveled at any time desired. A trip to Venus in an A orbit takes 146 days. Provided that the ship took off from Earth 146 days before Venus ar- rived at the meeting place, the planet will be reached in this time. The rocket- ship would then have traveled exactly one half of the ellipse. (This is, inci- dentally, another peculiarity of A orbits. Always half of the full orbit is traveled while the parts of all other orbits trav- eled constitute much smaller fractions.) But if we assume that the travelers have meanwhile decided not to visit Venus, they could not just drift on. The other half of their orbit would carry them back without any fuel expenditure to the orbit of Earth all right—but mother Earth The Hohmann Orbits A, B, C. D, and E. While C is the shortest and fastest orbit, the accompanying table shows that it re- quires an unmanageable amount of fuel. ORBITS, TAKE-OFFS AND LANDINGS 131 would be somewhere else. The space navigators would have to stay near Ve- nus for a considerable length of time until the other half of the orbit “fits” again. In the case of a trip to Venus, the time of waiting would be 470 days, so that the entire trip would take 146 plus 470 plus 146 = 762 days. The trip to Mars and back would take 258 plus 455 plus 258 = 971 days. Curiously enough, the trip to Mercury would take a much shorter time, due to the high orbital speed and short orbit of the small- est planet. The figures read 105 plus 67 plus 105 = 277 days. A trip to Jupiter would take 2207 days; 997 for each crossing and 213 days’ stay. But both of these trips look impossible now be- cause of their tremendous fuel expendi- ture. Before Dr. Hohmann computed the A orbits, he made a comparison of five possible orbits. Assuming that the space- ship’s own weight after exhaustion of all of the fuel on board would be as low as six tons, he found the following The .survey-round-trip” orbits making grazing contact with Mars, Venus, Mer- cury, and Earth in a little more than iy2 Earth-years. It is compounded of A or- bits for Earth-Mars, Mars-Mercury, and Mercury-Earth. By proper choice of season, the orbit can be made to pass near Venus en route. AST—9 J Orbit-curves for landing on a planet hav- ing an atmosphere. Nearly all the energy to be dissipated by the rocket is absorbed by the planetary atmosphere, with a mini- mum expenditure of fuel. figures for the weights of the ships at the moment of departure : With an exhaust	km/ velocity of 3 4 5 10 sec. On orbit A 49	34	27	18 tons i B 530	200	104	31 “ C 5900	1060	417	60 “ D 141	70	48	22 “ E 172	83	55	24 “ It is evident that the shorter orbits 1 B, C, D, and E, remain impossibilities , until fuels of very high exhaust velocities j are found or made. Nothing hinders us, however, from having spaceships before that time. Even if more powerful fuels are available, space flight will probably start with A orbits, and if a prophecy as ( 132 ASTOUNDING SCIENCE-FICTION Obertb’s “Curve of Synergy'’, a compro- mise between atmospheric resistance, planetary rotation, and the necessity of getting the rocket to a high speed as quickly as possible. to the first A orbit actually traveled must be made. I should say that it will be the one leading to Eros. Before this, the Moon will probably have been reached, on a particularly uninteresting route that looks like a long drawn-out S rather like the integral symbol /. SHORTENING the time needed for a trip to, say, Mars, is possible even with A orbits under condition of not landing on the other planet. The wait- ing time can be saved with a fairly low additional fuel expenditure in combin- ing a number of A orbits. Dr. Hoh- mann worked it out once, mainly to see what results he would obtain. He was much surprised to discover that a round trip to Mars could be made in about 510 days instead of 971 days. The ship would have to run in an A orbit to Mars first, observing the planet at close quar- ters for several weeks. Then it would change into another A orbit with a peri- helion inside the orbit of Venus. At the perihelion, another change would be made to come into another A orbit lead- ing back to the orbit of Earth, and to Earth itself. Since the perihelion can be pushed even closer to the Sun with- out loss of time so that the orbit of Mer- cury is touched, the travelers will be able to see Mars, Mercury and, prob- ably, Venus at close quarters. And this "survey round trip,” as the Germans call it, would not take much longer than 1 years. That the spaceship would not land on Earth as straight as a homing pigeon lands on its roof goes almost without saying. Professor Hermann Oberth, in his very first publication, devoted much time and space to prove that this cannot be done. “Naturally,” he wrote, “manned space rockets are not supposed to descend to Earth in a straight line, because of the comparative shortness of the distance where the air is dense enough to brake the fall. Since a manned rocket has some sideward motion at any event, especially when the departure did not take place vertically, the rocket ap- proaches Earth on a curve of the second order that can easily be influenced in such a way that the point nearest (the surface of) Earth is situated in the upper atmosphere of the planet. Even if we assume that the layer where the para- chute can be safely and effectively used is not thicker than 4-5 miles (higher up the air is too thin, farther below the health of the passengers will be en- dangered by too rapid deceleration), and even if the rocket approaches Earth in a parabolic orbit the ‘braking way’ is more than 800 kilometers long (840 km.). The result of using the para- chute during every meter of this long way does not have to amount to more than to reduce parabolic to elliptical ve- locity. If this happens, the rockct would approach Earth again at about the same point, and again travel through the atmosphere. This time the ‘braking way’ would be longer because the ellip- tical orbit would be less eccentric, i. e., more similar to a circle. The point closest to the surface of the Earth would, however, not be much nearer to the sur- face than before. This would be re- peated until circular velocity is obtained. Then the 'braking way’ would become indefinitely long, and the rocket would land in a spiral as long as desired.” The whole maneuver will take about 24 hours, maybe less. There is no doubt that it does not look very con- venient, and that a landing on flaming ORBITS, TAKE-OFFS AND LANDINGS 133 rocket jets would look much nicer. But if we consider that reducing a speed of 12 or 14 kilometers per second to zero takes as much fuel as attaining such speed, and if we remember that the fuel needed for this maneuver has to be car- ried along through all other maneuvers —right from the take-off—we do not mind a series of circumnavigations so much. THERE IS one thing left to discuss: the take-off. One should think that at least this will be done in a fairly straight line, if for no other reason than to pene- trate the densest layers of the atmos- phere quickly. As far as these densest layers are concerned, this argument actually holds true. But the take-off of a spaceship (and of any other large rocket) will most probably not be made from the surface of a large lake or even the sea, as one often reads in foreign publications about space travel. Calculations published by Ley and ^Schaefer in VAerophile (Paris, October issue, 1936) have shown that a given rocket, which would attain an altitude of 26 kilometers if launched from a point at or near sea-level, would reach much higher altitudes if launched from the top of a high mountain. If the moun- tain be four kilometers high, the total altitude attained would be 43.4 kilo- meters (instead of 26 plus 4) ; if the mountain be five kilometers high, the total altitude would even be 48.7 kilo- meters. These figures prove how im- portant air resistance is, and how much especially the first few miles of at- mosphere decrease the speed of a rocket. It will be wise, therefore, to take off from the top of a high mountain. Oberth has shown that a vertical take- off is not at all satisfactory if fuel ex- penditure is taken into consideration. If the Earth were an airless planet, one should take off at a very small angle, practically parallel to its surface. Since Earth has an atmosphere, one is forced to travel the first ten or fifteen miles practically vertical in order to penetrate the densest layers of the at- mosphere as quickly as possible. But then one can start to tilt the orbit of de- parture until it finally runs parallel with the surface of the planet, although far enough from it not to be handicapped by atmospheric friction. Professor Oberth carefully computed the optimal curve of ascent which gives the highest results at lowest cost and termed it the “curve of synergy.” Thus we have for the take-off a “curve of synergy,” starting from the top of a high mountain. Is there still an advantage to be gained in choosing a special geographical location for this mountain, and in facing the curve of synergy in a certain direction? There is another gain possible; the speed of the Earth’s rotation. If the curve of synergy faces toward east, the speed of Earth's rotation is with the ship and not against it as it would be if the curve faced west. And since the speed of rotation is highest at the equator— some 500 yards per second—the moun- tain should be located in the very midst of the tropical zone. Strangely enough, there is actually a mountain in existence that fulfills most of the conditions for an ideal spaceport. It is Mt. Kenya in Central Africa, situa- ated directly at the equator, more than three miles high, and surrounded by territory that would present no unsur- mountable difficulties for the construc- tion of several large airports. Since Mt. Kenya has generally gentle slopes, it would not even be difficult to build railways all the way from the airports near its foot to a possible spaceport on its top. It would be strange if the first space- ships would take advantage of these op- portunities and ascend from Mt. Kenya —the most modern product of civiliza- tion being launched from the very heart of the least civilized continent! 134 Eviction by Isotherm by Malcolm Jameson A new author shows that the weatherman isn’t always wrong—and that he can be a bad man to argue with! NEW YEAR’S EVE! Over the world people abandoned them- selves to sheer joy at the release from the intolerable strain of the past two decades. For this was not the dy- ing of a hateful year only, but of an un- speakably ghastly century—a century whose final years had been one awful crescendo of slaughter and destruction. Men and women crawled from their sub- terranean shelters and mingled gayly among the wreckage of their cities. In their hilarity they did not see, or pre- tended not to notice, the ineradicable lines of ingrained fear etched on every countenance. Fear generated and fed by the deluges of Feroxite bombs, of incinerating heat rays, of bromine clouds, and of the horrible neuroniemia germs. For on this morning, the last day of the Twentieth Century, a lean, silvery cruiser of Panamericana, one of the few survivors of what had been an impressive fleet of many thousands, had dropped down on Teneriffe from the strato- sphere to meet peacefully the squat, cup- shaped aerial flagship of the Eurasiatics, itself a remnant of a once fearsome horde. Even the grasping and ruthless rulers of Eurasiatica had recognized that unless this war was halted, there would be no human race to enjoy its victory. In spite of vastly greater numbers, they had been held to a costly draw by the Panamericans through the latter’s adroit use of the miracles of applied science. The war was a stale-mate. For years now, it had been a suicidal deadlock—• a stupidly continued mutual destruction of peoples already ruined and exhausted. The armistice, bringing a pause in the useless carnage, was signed at high noon. By nightfall the world knew and re- joiced. But not all gave themselves over to unthinking celebration. In an inner chamber of the North Regional admin- istration building in the Idaho Rockies, the supreme directors of Panamericana affixed their ratification to the ten-year armistice proposal in gloomy silence. The Secretary had hardly left the cham- ber to broadcast the news to a jubilant hemisphere, when the Chief Commis- sioner gravely voiced the thought that was in every mind present. “Ten years!” he said, slowly and dis- tinctly, gripping the table’s edge until his knuckles nearly burst their skins, “then the beginning of the end! Gen- tlemen, what we have negotiated is a breathing spell—the lull before the last act in the tragedy of our race. Do not deceive yourselves. There can be no peace with an organization dominated by the Neo-Aryans. In 1957 we signed a treaty guaranteeing to us the freedom of the Americas, for which we resigned all our other interests in the world. Yet four years later they attempted our con- quest. Again, in ’75, we made still other agreements. You all know how worth- less those assurances were, and how use- less our subsequent concessions. Even today, as they offer us this armistice, I learn that they are developing newer and more hideous weapons and that pro- duction has already begun in their for- EVICTION BY ISOTHERM 135 tress-laboratory in the mountains of Scandinavia. Their readiness for a truce is explained; they want these ten years to perfect their machines for one irre- sistible push. We must, whatever our preference, be ready to meet it. I tell you now, that when this armistice ex- pires, we will be faced with but one choice—exterminate or be extermi- nated !” Dr. Barnes, bearded and spectacled, the Coordinator of Sciences, arose. “Gentlemen,” he said quietly, “what the Chief Commissioner has just said is true. But it is true only so long as present conditions remain unaltered. It is within our power to alter them. I cannot agree that it is necessary to ex- terminate the Eurasiatics to secure a lasting peace. We need only destroy Dr. Barnes looked toward the falling bomb. “That,” he said sadly, “was a strategic blunder on their part, though they don’t realize it. You can start the injectors. And—ah—predict colder, with snow.” 136 ASTOUNDING SCIENCE-FICTION the breeding place of the pernicious ideas of conquest. Let us, at one stroke, ren- der Europe uninhabitable. Then we may hope to negotiate a real peace with the rest of mankind.” THE MEMBERS of the council sat looking at Dr. Barnes, puzzled at the unexpected speech. He continued, his eyes blazing as he warmed to his theme. “As man to man, none of us has any quarrel with the European. You—I —all of us—are but transplanted Euro- peans. The European outside of Eu- rope is not a predatory creature, not even quarrelsome. In the building of the old United States we saw millions of them of every Old World creed and nationality live and work peaceably to- gether. Our race today is a blend of them. Yet all the while their cousins across the water were butchering each other on account of age-old prejudices. Every one of the important old-time capitals of Europe is haunted by the memory of a day when it almost ruled the world, and the ruler who sits in one of those thrones sooner or later acquires the obsession that he, too, is destined to control a great empire. My contention is that that evil heritage is local, not racial. We must deal with a ghost, not a people, a megalomania rising from the blood-soaked soil of a continent with loo much tradition! I propose, gentlemen, that in the interest of all humanity, we make ready to force the abandonment of Europe!” He sat down among the excited buzz- ing of the council. No more extraordi- nary view had ever been seriously stated before them. The Chief Commissioner was as astonished as any other member of the group. For many years he had been in more or less close association with the staid scientist and knew him to be indefatigable, resourceful, even brilliant, in his silent way. But tonight he had spoken with passion, and his arraignment of the inanimate continent of Europe was as unexpected as his proposal to depopulate it. Yet, in other years, Dr. Barn/s had offered programs that at the time seemed ■ too fantastic for a sane man’s consideration. To- day, many of these were functioning as commonplace details of a highly techni- cal civilization. The Chief thought best to approach this new idea with cautious open-mindedness. With a trace of irony in his voice, he spoke. “Dr. Barnes, for the past many years your organization has been working day and night ostensibly to help us defend ourselves from these raiders from Eu- rope. If you knew a way to render that continent uninhabitable at a single stroke, I deplore your reticence in keeping it a secret while we were wasting men and ships in futile and costly nibbling at it.” “Because,” replied Dr. Barnes, with dignity, “time and equipment were not available. Such a stroke will require elaborate preparations. Furthermore, its consequences will be so grave that it should be invoked only by those mad- men themselves. Now, we may pre- pare it secretly, as a purely defensive measure. If they keep the peace, it will not come into operation. But should they violate the treaties with a sudden, vicious raid—as they have done on every other previous occasion—that very act will set their doom in motion. The calamities that will thereafter befall them will be virtually self-inflicted. Our na- tional conscience will be free of guilt." These words gave promise of some- thing more tangible. The Chief Com- missioner cared little for any theory about the Europeans, but as a weary and experienced director of relentless warfare he saw here the promise of an- other weapon. If there could be such a one powerful enough to destroy a con- tinent at a single operation, he wanted to know of it. That war was certain to be resumed, he had no doubt. This might be the deciding factor. He in- EVICTION BY ISOTHERM 137 vited Dr. Barnes-to reveal the details of his plan. The hearings Required Several days. Dr. Barnes successively introduced his two technical assistants in the plan, young Stanley, of the meteorological bu- reau, and Professor Stevens, the vul- canologist. It was Stanley’s painstak- ing report that formed the basis for the discussions. The bulky portfolio, bulg- ing with maps, was marked “Plan M-4”, the only title by which it was afterward made known to the world. Eventually Henry Thatcher, Director of Construc- tion, was called in for estimates and budget requirements. It was soon ap- parent that the figures involved were colossal and that ten years was hardly long enough for what was to be done. The Chief Commissioner whistled when he examined the program. Be- sides all this, he must rebuild the sky fleets and rehabilitate the army. There were hundreds of ruined cities to be cleaned up and reconstructed. Com- bined, these activities would tax the mechanical and manufacturing resources of the hemisphere to the utmost. Pie felt that prudence required that the Eurasiatics be met with the tried and proven old weapons as well as the new. Yet this new idea appealed to him. It was breath-taking in its boldness and in its simplicity. But—would it work? A week of heated day and night session of the council brought the decision. It had to work. Nothing else promised more than a long, drawn-out continu- ance of the old struggle. Experience had taught them that the most hopeful end of that would be another truce of exhaustion. The project was authorized. HENRY THATCHER stood on the summit of a low peak some thirty miles to the westward of Mt. Iraza, in the Cordillera de Salamanca, watching the action of two of his giant “moles” on the beach below him. The Caribbean, once ninety miles distant at this point, now lapped the shore not five miles from where he was standing. The “moles” lay diagonally across the water’s edge, like two stranded whales, half in, half out of the water. The metal monsters, plated like arma- dillos, crawled imperceptibly toward the foot of the mountain. They were a matter of three or four miles apart, eat- ing their way into the land that had once been Costa Rica. Each of them was five hundred feet in length and corre- spondingly thick. From its seaward side a huge suction hose dipped into the sea, on the other a massive tube of metal, more than fifty feet in diameter, led away over the land to the north. Fol- lowing the tubes with his high-power glasses, Thatcher lost them in the haze of the distant horizon. The crunch of approaching footsteps caused Thatcher to lower his glasses. Dr. Barnes and Stanley came up to him and exchanged greetings. He was ex- pecting them, as they had notified him only a few days before that they were making one of their frequent inspection trips. “How are the ‘moles’ behaving,” asked Dr. Barnes, “since you started using the new solvent?” “Great!” exclaimed Thatcher. “We’ve stepped them up from half a million cubic yards a day to almost two-thirds. The stuff is more fluid, too, than with plain sea-water. We are pushing the muck north now at a rate of twelve miles an hour through the discharge pipes. Next week we can cut out numbers 18 and 45 booster stations and send the men home.” The party turned their backs on the two grubbing dredges and a few steps took them to where they could see the Pacific Ocean. Here, the waves broke against the foot of the mountain. On this side the work was finished. Over to the southwest the watery horizon lay approximately where the shore line and some towns used to be. The formerly 138 ASTOUNDING SCIENCE-FICTION distant Gulf of Nicoya was a thing of the past. Thatcher pointed downward and a little to the right to a glistening out- cropping of vitreous rock slanting down the mountainside. “Ray-gun scar,” he informed them, laconically. Dr. Barnes regarded the glassy run of congealed fused rock with a face set grimly. Here was another memento of some skirmish of the air. In this place, probably, a swooping Eu- rasiatic had overshot his prey and the dazzling lance had slashed against the inert peak below. Of all the areas, this isthmus, from Honduras to Colombia, had been the most incessantly ravaged by the invaders. Not one of the in- habitants of this region had survived the last war. "What is your depth out there?” in- quired Stanley, pointing at the Pacific. “Fifteen hundred feet, minimum,” re- plied Thatcher, “right in to the cliff. This range stands up pretty well for the most part and we can cut close. In some places there have been slides, but no big ones.” “That doesn’t matter,” said Dr. Barnes briefly. Then, “I see you are a few months ahead of your schedule. That’s fine!” “Yes,” agreed Thatcher, “I always feel better a little ahead than behind. We are on the safe side with the Ferox- ite tunnels, too. All the shafts are down to depth, and about thirty per cent of the traverses finished. In another year we can commence boring out the big storage chambers.” DR. BARNES WAS well satisfied with the progress. In these seven years, Thatcher and the Panamerican construc- tion crews had accomplished marvels. The clumsy “moles”, in spite of their uncouth appearance, were uncannily effi- cient in their task of dredging away the lower flanks of the isthmus. This vora- cious implement, an invention of Thatch- er’s, softened bedrock by impregnating it with a solvent mixed in sea-water, then ground it to a paste within its vi- brating interior. When fine enough, more water was added, and the resultant mixture was ejected into the waste tube that carried it hundreds of miles north to the dumping ground. In each of the successive wars, the Eurasiatics had first of all struck at the canals of Panama and Nicaragua. When Thatcher had come to the isthmus after the armistice, he found two mangled ditches that must be cleaned out, straightened and rebuilt. This task was a trifling one compared to the larger order of Plan M-4, which called for the narrowing of the isthmus to leave noth- ing but the crooked backbone of the cen- tral range of the Cordillera. Thatcher was faced with the problem of remov- ing all the shoulders and the plains from the northern canal, eastward to the eighty-second meridian, leaving in their place deep water. It was for this tre- mendous job that he had devised the “moles”. Twenty of them had been built and put to the relatively easy task of clear- ing away the Pacific side—easier, be- cause there was less of it, and the re- moved earth could be spilled in the near-by deep water. There, the thou- sand-fathom curve was close to shore. But on the Caribbean side, Barnes and Stanley had ordered the earth conveyed far north to where the easternmost cor- ner of Honduras made a cape. This forced the lengthening of the huge spill pipes and the interposition of a number of booster pumping stations. It was to have a look at the made land at the dump that led the inspecting party to leave its vantage point and go down the slope a few hundred yards to where their reconnaissance cruiser awaited them. This machine was of the counter- gravity type, a thing of beauty in its delicate control, silent and smooth in op- EVICTION BY ISOTHERM 139 eration, and ideally adapted for hover- ing. As they soared away into the north, keeping low so that they could observe the encroachment of the scattered “moles” strung out along the shore line, Barnes sat in the rear compartment with his chief constructor and silently ex- amined the terrain flowing by beneath. A long string of buildings on the moun- tainside soon came into view. That was a part of the “blind”, supposed head- quarters of the mythical tromium mines. The government, itself a master at the art of espionage, had early, through planned indiscretions, permitted the mis- leading news to leak out that the soil of the isthmus was rich in tromium ore. Since then, the director of the spy-de- fense section had gained some amuse- ment and not a little profit by seizing a number of Eurasiatic agents trying to burglarize laboratories to secure speci- mens of the metal. There actually was no such metal, but the imaginary prop- erties ascribed it were so marvellous that it served nicely to explain the mag- nitude of the mining operations in Cen- tral America. The Fleet Command had cooperated nicely with some wishful thinking in “discovering” tromium. Its “properties” were a nice combination of all the things they wanted and didn’t have. Dr. Barnes noticed, on a flat landing platform beyond the buildings, the spread wings of three old VSF-6 ma- chines, glistening under a new coat of silveroid. He pointed at them in sur- prise. as the type had been obsolete for many years. “Bait!” explained Thatcher, grinning. Dr. Barnes bristled slightly at the other man’s frivolous attitude toward so grim a matter. Himself a lofty idealist, he scrupulously refrained from allowing his emotions to become involved, even if, as now, he was planning the banish- ment of an entire race from its home- land in the greater interest of all men. He remarked, a trifle coldly, “You seem to enjoy your work, Mr. Thatcher!” “You bet I do!” replied his compan- ion, but the smile had vanished. “My mother, wife, and the three youngest children were in the so-called ‘respected zone’. It was neuromemia they dropped there, if you recall. That was the time we first heard of it. And my son Charles was in charge of your Thermo-dynamics laboratory the night-” “I am sorry,” said Dr. Barnes, so- berly. “I keep forgetting.” LITTLE ELSE was said for the rest of the trip north. Above the Rio San Juan they passed over miles of ware- houses where the Feroxite was being accumulated. The tens of thousands of tons to be required during the last year was too stupendous a shipment to cope with in a single year. These planners, with their customary forethought, had commenced the accumulation of it early. Now there were considerable stores of it at both ends of the cuts. At the point where Cape Gracias a Dios had stood for centuries among the shoals and pinnacles of the western Caribbean, they now could see the land- ward end of a slender peninsula stretch- ing away to the east-northeast. Eight of the big spill pipes ran along it, side by side. Through them rumbled the soupy mixture of ground-up isthmian bedrock. On past where Gorda Bank with its skeletons of ancient galleons had lain, even to Rosalind Bank, the fat tubes went, and then curved out of sight into the water. “There are no more shoals; this will be all the dry land we can make,” said Thatcher, gesturing toward the tip of the peninsula where the pipes plunged into the sea. “The muck is now being spread over the bottom between here and Jamaica. We cannot avoid some loss, as the current is raking part of it into Bartlett Deep. But if my estimate of the amount we still have to move is correct, we should be able to shoal this 140 ASTOUNDING SCIENCE-FICTION passage to somewhat less than a hun- dred fathoms.” Stanley was in the center compart- ment, feeding charts marked with odd- shaped punch holes through an integrat- ing volumometer. Stepping to the auxil- iator on the side, he cranked in gradient, friction and viscosity factors. He read off the answer from the annunciator dial. “There is nearly enough now,” he called back, “but let it run. The bigger the factor of safety, the better.” The next evening the party rested in the living room of Professor Stevens’ bungalow, high up above St. Pierre. They had spent the day looking over the control panel of the valve room of one of the radial injectors of Mt. Pelee. Dr. Barnes complimented Stevens on his in- genuity and tenacity in the highly haz- ardous and unprecedented assignment he had been given. Never before in history had men de- liberately sought to prime a volcano. Nor were they ready yet to do so, for first the delicate work of sinking a dozen shafts leading downward and inward to the hot explosive core had to be done. The problem was to drive them deep enough—but not too deep. These shafts were spaced more or less evenly on a rough circle about the base of the moun- tain. Water suction pipes of large diam- eter were brought up from the sea and connected to monstrous centrifugal pumps, radio-powered and wired for re- mote control. Professor Stevens had supervised the work faithfully these anxious seven years and had now completed the underground work without serious mishap. There was yet much to do, as only one of the pump units had been installed. Pelee on Martinique and Soufriere 011 St. Vin- cent’s were the two volcanoes he had drilled. Like the isthmus, these islands had been depopulated by the Eurasiatics, their cities erased. Their further wreck- age would entail little loss to the world. Stanley’s Plan M-4 called for a ma- jor volcanic eruption, to be set off at the exact moment desired. Dr. Barnes, in approving the plan, thought it best to rig two volcanoes, in view of the un- certainty of control. If one refused to erupt, after being primed, there at least would be another one ready for the at- tempt. The volcanic explosion was not a vital part of the plan, but a highly desirable accessory, because of its accel- erating effect. They discussed a number of aspects of vulcanism that night, and it was quite late before they were ready to retire. “You understand, Stevens,” cautioned Dr. Barnes, “that an ordinary eruption will be just a waste of time. We must have a really tremendous explosion— something on the order of Krakatoa, or of Asamayama in the eighteenth century. Violence to the utmost! Nothing less will do. Are you ready to say you can produce it?” Professor Stevens shrugged his shoul- ders and spread his hands in a gesture of helplessness. “I am not prepared to guarantee any- thing. Maybe these mountains will blow up. Maybe not. I would like to push the injectors lower, but I don't dare. One might backfire, which would wipe us out, a thing I do not care for. But worse than that, it would bring 011 a premature eruption that might ‘kill’ the mountain for years. “However, from what I have learned about the rock structure under here, I am inclined to think these fellows will explode within a week after we start the water down. As to the quality of the explosion, 110 prediction about what a volcano will do or will not do is worth the breath it takes to make it.” Dr. Barnes laughed and suggested they go to bed. After all, if Stevens didn’t know, nobody did. THE FOLLOWING year, 2008, the ambassadors of both the major divisions EVICTION BY ISOTHERM 141 of the human race set their signatures and the Great Seals on a treaty of per- petual peace, each promising faithfully never again to encroach upon the oth- er's hemisphere. People of good-will hoped that the treaty would mean something, that the Eurasiatics would respect it. But, nev- ertheless, persistent and ominous rumors kept coming of gigantic offensive oper- ations being perfected. Confidential re- ports from Panamerican agents in Eu- rope brought confirmation. Travel of any sort was forbidden through certain areas, most especially the Scandinavian peninsula, and the great industrial tract formerly known as Poland. The un- known factor was the date, the day when the inevitable surprise attack would be sprung. Two years later, Panamericana had finished its defensive program, as origi- nally scheduled. Its stratosphere fleets had been rebuilt, the army in readiness. A reserve was at hand with which to hold back the Eurasiatics until the strange new weapon of Dr. Barnes was brought into play. There was neither desire nor intention of using these forces offensively; instead there was the sol- emn hope that they would never have to be used at all. But the Chief Commis- sioner was none too easy about the se- curity of the nation. It could well be that the enemy had also invented some new, unguessable weapon. He could only wait, for to the cynical mind the last treaty was as meaningless as any that had gone before. On the isthmus, all construction ma- chines and crews had been removed. There were only skeleton forces resid- ing at the two oceanic canals. Between them, the slender thread of the single range of the Cordillera was all that re- mained of the isthmus. These moun- tains were permeated by a system of in- ter-connecting tunnels, with risers to appropriate places near the summits, and throughout were numerous large cham- bers. This network was packed with Feroxite in all its ramifications. Many of the explosion chambers were located far below sea-level. At Trinidad, Professor Stevens was living in a bomb-proofed powerhouse, guarding his generators and the pro- jectors of the radio power by which the great pumps of his encircling volcano injectors were to be operated. In the same tight building were the controls to actuate the valves of the injectors and to start the robot machines. He re- mained there quietly, making occasional tests. From time to time he would tour the two deserted islands and check the state of his equipment. Quite by chance, in June of that year, Tomboro, a great mountain in Sumbawa, blew up with frightful abruptness in the greatest eruption jn history. Within three days, the earth was treated to the spectacle of gorgeous sunsets every- where. The sun, when it could be seen, was always ringed by an. extensive red- dish corona—the “Bishop’s Rings” of the meteorologists. Stratosphere pilots complained of the haze and low visibil- ity at all altitudes. Volcanic dust filled the upper air, all over the earth. Stanley, taking advantage of this purely natural disturbance, had warn- ings broadcast to all portions of Pan- americana. Local administrators were advised to take steps to provide against an approaching winter of extraordinary bitterness.. The Chief Commissioner had certain exposed areas in Canada, Pata- gonia and southern Chile evacuated. Everywhere, fuel in extra quantities was made ready and stored. The high council received warning in October that the Eurasiatic breach of the treaties might come at any moment. Heretofore, most aggressor nations had chosen the spring as the time to launch wars, but in this instance the effect de- sired was surprise. The crafty rulers of Europe hoped that summer being past, the Panamericans would be less alert. 142 ASTOUNDING SCIENCE-FICTION In three great divisions they came across the Atlantic, one in the far south, one in the north, and the central one to occupy the Caribbean area to sever com- munications between the two Americas. Roth in the south and the north, equally great fleets rose up to meet them. The old. old, meaningless round of slaughter and destruction, of merciless killing and burning—purposeless, because the two combatants were so exactly balanced in power that half a century of previous fighting had brought no result but uni- versal exhaustion. The central squadron, acting along its traditional line of attack, advanced straight to the Isthmus of Panama, bombing and sweeping with heat rays as it went. At Panama, part of the aerial destroyers stayed to complete the de- struction of the force there, while the rest went on toward the Nicaraguan ditch. In time, they saw beneath them the houses built by Thatcher, the build- ings they believed to be the celebrated tromium mines. The attacking vultures swooped lower, dropping their bombs as their sights came to bear. WITH A BLINDING blast that made every seismograph in the world dance spasmodically, the Cordillera de Salamanca flew instantly into fine dust, rising miles high in the geyser of sea- water that went up with it. The bomb- ing squadron above them, men and ma- chines in fragments, went too. Even away to the east, above Panama, the other invading bombers w-ere hurled sidelong through the air like chips in a typhoon, crashing into one another, ex- ploding from the contacts of their own deadly loads, and scattered as crumpled wreckage far beyond into the agitated waters of the Gulf of Darien, or into northern Colombia. There was no living thing for hun- dreds of miles around after the explo- sion of the gigantic mine of Feroxite. Where the Cordillera had been was now a gap in the isthmus two hundred miles long. Through it rushed the waters of the Caribbean, pouring to the west into the Pacific. Under water, the ragged stumps on which the mountain range had stood were being gnawed at and smoothed away by the steadily increas- ing current. The great Atlantic Equa- torial current had found a gate to the west! No longer was it pent within the blind alley of the Caribbean and forced to escape through the Yucatan Channel to the Gulf of Mexico, where in turn it Rad 110 outlet but to double back and flow into the North Atlantic. The reason for the existence of those currents was gone. Straight ahead lay the best route. In Trinidad, Professor Stevens heard the tremendous explosion. He needed no other signal. He closed his switches. The injectors to the roots of the An- tillan mountains obeyed their robot valves and began feeding tons of sea- water into the hot sub-crater crevices. In a few hours one, then the other, of the terrible volcanoes went into action with roars that made the vast Feroxite blast inconspicuous. Soufriere and Pelee had belched another cubic mile of dust into the high isothermal zone of the stratosphere. Dr. Barnes and Meteorologist Stanley were waiting in Yucatan. Directing the same craft in which they had made their inspection tours, Barnes slid out of the prepared hide-out and hastened to view their handiwork. As they flew over the watery wastes where ten years before Costa Rica had lain, they were satis- fied. The cut was clean. Only one small island marred the completeness of the blast. Not until systematic surveys could be taken would they know the full measure of their success, but they saw enough to give them confidence that their plan had been proved. “Let them fight a little while, over the cities,” said Dr. Barnes, with an air of finality, as he thoughtfully stroked his 1 Its True Love... when it Lastsfor30}ears HEN a feller wins the right gal he don't go blind. But, if he’s smart, the only wandering he does is with his eyes . . . and not too much o’ that. It’s kind o’ like that between a man and his pipe tobacco. Take me ... I been married to Union Leader 30 years, come Fall. Sure, I’ve flirted with other brands in rny time. But I’ve always had the horse- sense to come back to Union Leader; I figure that a sweet, easy-goin’ disposition THE GREAT AMERICAN SMOKE Please mention this magazine should be treasured in a tooacco . or ai woman. That’s why Ma and me and Uniotb Leader are still a happy family. when answering FOR pare) AND CIGARETTE .Copyright, 1038. by P. Lori!Ur<1 Co., advertisements 144 ASTOUNDING SCIENCE-FICTION beard. “It is already November. Soon they will quit coming; they will be hav- ing too much trouble at home.” IT WAS A terrible winter every- where. The cold waves came early, stayed longer, and were more intense. The sun. veiled by the dusty strato- sphere, gave little heat, except within the tropics. By December, sub-zero weather was being experienced through- out the country north of the Chesapeake. The Eurasiatics. discouraged over the utter loss of the central contingent that had perished over the'isthmus, and baf- fled by the unexpected stiffness of the resistance, were in growing difficulties. The stratosphere was too hazy for high altitude work and the winds steadily in- creased in violence. Their position in the hostile skies quickly became unten- able. Reluctantly, they withdrew and returned to Europe. But there they found conditions far worse. Blizzard had piled on top of blizzard. North of the Alps, every val- ley was already filled with snow drifts. The Baltic soon froze and took on the appearance of the Arctic Ocean. The great base they had established in the Kjolen Mountains, filled with war sup- plies and the devilish cultures and chemi- cals for the last world struggle, became inaccessible. Unprepared for cold so bitter and so prolonged, the inhabitants, already bled of their vital reserves in the assembly of materials for the big push, suffered intensely. Soon they be- gan to die in increasing numbers as they struggled desperately through the drifts and the icy blasts seeking the warmer south. In the Americas it was somewhat colder than usual, but thanks to the warnings and careful preparations of their government, there was little real suffering. The country dug in and made the best of a hard winter. A close watch was kept on the skies, but the invaders did not return. There was good reason for it. When March had ended, the North Sea was as frozen as the Baltic, and the shiver- ing refugees from Britain crossed the Channel on sleds. Weather stations— before they were abandoned—reported lhat the Iceland “low”, that beneficent guardian of Europe’s climate, had first moved away toward Labrador, and had then dissipated. Mean temperatures had already dropped twenty degrees. The isotherms, those sinuous lines of equal temperature, which had heretofore crossed southern Canada only to curve far to the north on crossing the Atlantic, were rigidly straightening out. Like creatures caught in the bight of a wire being drawn taut, the peoples of Europe were relentlessly being shoved out of their homelands. Some stayed, tearing down the houses of frozen or fleeing neighbors for fuel. Spring would soon come and the hard winter would be gone. But spring did not come. Nor summer. The myriad tons—cubic miles—of volcanic dust in the high heavens intensified all woes by filtering out a large proportion of the incoming sunlight. The plains and mountains below, dazzling in the un- broken cover of snowy ice, reflected com- pletely what little heat reached them. A new winter came, or rather, the year- old one became more dark and tempestu- ous. Other layers of ice and snow were laid above those already there. A new Ice Age had begun—a glaciation invited by the impetuous commander who had set off the blast that killed the Gulf Stream. The Director of the Eurasiatics had shifted his capital successively to the south until now it was in Jerusalem. It was a strange Holy Land, a white waste of snow, but not so bitterly swept by the howling north winds as the conti- nent left behind. It was here that he was to receive the full impact of the conse- quences of his ill-advised ambition to rule the Earth. EVICTION BY ISOTHERM 145 REPORTS from all sections of Eu- rope were more and more disconcerting. Copenhagen. London, Berlin—all these had been wholly abandoned, cluttered with-ice and snow to the second stories of the buildings. The circulation of the winds had drastically changed. The pre- vailing ones were now from the north, and as the flow of heat formerly con- ducted by the Gulf Stream from equa- torial regions to the Arctic was checked, the temperature gradient between the two zones steepened. Wind velocities were at hurricane heights. Krevinsky, the chief meteorologist, who heretofore had been offering weak explanations, mouthing such phrases as “sunspot cycles,” “solar constants,” and the like, now knew that the great ocean current had actually been diverted. Eng- land was to become another Labrador, Scandinavia an eastern counterpart of Greenland. But what puzzled Krevin- sky was the suddenness of the glacia- tion. Such a profound change could hardly come so quickly. While he was pondering this enigma, further dismay was created in Jerusalem by the receipt of a curt notice from Hang-Chow, regional capital of the Ori- ental division, that the yellow race had asserted its independence of the Eurasi- atic confederation. More and more in recent years they had come under the domination of the pacifistic Chinese. Asia now, as well as ice-bound Europe, was lost to the grasping dictator. Zandorff, the director, recognizing his temporary inability to do anything but accept the secession, turned his atten- tion once more to the situation in Eu- rope. There had been other severe win- ters ; this one would pass. He sent for Krevinsky, and demanded sternly for a long range forecast. He wanted to know when the government could move back to Vienna. But by that time Krevinsky had learned of the two volcanic eruptions almost coincident with the great blast at the isthmus. Previously, his technicians had interpreted the recorded tremors as indicative of the delayed portions of the isthmian blast. Now he knew the worst. “Excellency,” he said, “hereafter the winters of Europe will all be cold. The Gulf Stream has ceased, and with it the Iceland ‘low’. If that were all, the con- tinent would be uncomfortable, but much of it habitable. But in addition to that, we will have no summers, and far more severe winters, until the dust of three tremendous volcanic eruptions settles. That condition prevails over the whole world.” “Why should that make a difference?” snapped Zandorff, impatiently. “Why are zve worse off ?” “Because it starts the vicious circle of glaciation. The dust, being fine, scat- ters and disperses sunlight—but does not interfere with the outgoing terres- trial radiation of long wave length. We will lose much more heat than we will get for the next several years. “The ground is already frozen deep and there are many feet of ice. Once the continent is deeply covered by a white, reflecting surface which cannot all melt in a summer, the solar heat will be merely rejected by the snow, and not absorbed. Every successive winter thereafter will add to the thickness of the ice. “Excellency, until a great natural up- heaval re-routes the ocean currents—we must abandon Europe to the glaciers.” Zandorff snarled in rage. He or- dered his guards to drag Krevinsky away. “Execute the incompetent fool!” he screamed. But the enormity of the folly of the last expedition had been realized at last by the long-suffering Europeans. In- stead, they imprisoned Zandorff, pend- ing his execution for high treason. The council reconvened and sadly took up consideration of the project to emi- grate into Africa and try to build a new nation among the colonies there. 146 The Disinherited A short story about one who watches over development. by Henry Kuttner THE man worked svriftly and mechanically, a grotesque figure in his protective armor and transparent helmet. He was alone in the bare lead-sheathed room, seated be- fore a conveyer belt, his gloved fingers making delicate adjustments in the enig- matic mechanisms that moved into place under the microscope before him. There was a stinging smart in his eyes, a dull pain he would not be able to relieve until his work was done. Fifteen years ago a soldier had taken him to this grim chamber far under- ground and instructed him in his duties. Ever since then he had known the dull THE DISINHERITED 147 monotony of a machine’s existence, not even comprehending the nature of his work. In 2530 A. D. the Helots—the worker class—had lost all knowledge of science, and so the man could not un- derstand that the subtly powerful bom- bardment of radium was destroying his sight and his life. But the horror of darkness that lay before him he realized, for his father, too, had worked in a room similar to this. Presently a bell sounded through the audiophone within his helmet, and the man arose as the conveyer belt slowed and stopped. Sighing, he removed the armor. Under the cool radiance of car- bon-dioxide lamps he stood revealed as a thick-bodied youth whose seamed, harsh face seemed far older than his twenty-eight years. A loose, sleeve- less tunic, shorts, and sandals, were all the clothing necessary in the warm at- mosphere within the City of the Lords. He stepped out into a low-ceilinged cor- ridor and trudged toward an elevator. Five minutes later he thrust open the door of his apartment, a cheerless room in the Helots’ dormitory section. With no trace of expression on his stolid face he crossed to a low couch and dropped upon it in the utter relaxation of weari- ness. But he sat up quickly as a girl entered. She, too, wore the sexless Helot uni- form. Her face and close-clipped dark hair seemed drab and uninteresting, but the mask of impassivity dropped from it as she came toward the man, and made it alive and attractive. “You’re tired, Ron,” she said. “A hard day?” Ron Carver shrugged. “I’m strong enough for it, 1 guess. But my eyes ache-” The girl went to a compartment in the wall and brought out a vial. She pressed Carver back on the couch and brushed his eyes with the soothing liquid as she talked. “Must it go on forever?” Her voice AST—10 was very bitter. “Won’t they transfer you ?” “Why should they, Morna? It’s easy to get new Helots to replace the others.” He sat up again, gripping her wrists. “Morna, 1 had another warning today. About-” “A—a child?” “Yes. We’ve been mated for a year now, and—well, you know their laws. So many Helots annually—no more, no less. They want-” Morna dropped the vial unnoticed on the floor and stared dully at nothing. “No. I won't bear a child. Not even your child, Ron—to this. Slavery. No !” WITHOUT expression Carver said, “The alternative is a re-mating. , Some other Helot will have you.” “No,” the girl said again. “We can die if necessary.”	> “You know I can’t. There’s Ardno out there-” Morna held up a warning hand, her face frightened. The girl’s lips formed unspoken words. “Not here. They may be listening.” She picked up the vial and resumed her task of bathing Carver’s eyes. “They’ve been talking in the Factory, Ron. Excitement—all through the City. About the Ship.” “Eh? I heard something, not much though. Has it reached Mars?” Morna shook her head. “I don’t think so. A few rumors floating about, that’s all. Nothing’s certain. They wouldn’t tell us, you know. But I be- lieve something’s gone wrong. One of the guards told a girl that the Ship stopped halfway to Mars and is coming back. It’s strange.” “Why strange ? They might have run out of fuel. Or-” “It’s more than that,” Morna whis- pered, her mouth close to Carver’s ear. “I hear the Lords are—afraid!” “What?” “Something happened out there in 148 ASTOUNDING SCIENCE-FICTION space. I don't know. It’s the first in- terplanetary flight beyond the Moon, and- Don’t keep moving, Ron! I can’t-” But Carver pushed her away and got up. He went to a closet and from be- hind a meagre stack of garments with- drew a small parcel, which he hid in a mesh-steel knapsack. He donned heavier clothing. “Be back soon, Morna,” he told the girl, and went out. Morna stared after his bulky figure. Her hands were clenched in her lap, still gripping the little vial. Presently she dropped it to the floor and crushed it underfoot, grinding the glass to splin- ters. She was thinking of the warning Carver had received. Another mate. No! She would bear a child for only one man, and not even for Carver would she bear—a Helot. Another slave for the machines of the Lords! CARVER made his way to one of the City’s gates. His pass was in order, and the soldier nodded and waved him on. A long, broad road stretched into the blue distance through wooded hills, but Carver turned aside into the scanty forest. Occasionally he cast a furtive glance behind him, but, though autocars flashed along the road and one or two aircraft droned overhead toward the landing-fields on the City’s roof, no one paid heed to the Helot. It was good psychology to let the workers do as they wished during their free hours. Always provided that they did not interfere with the pleasure of the Lords. Outside the City the wind was cold and chilling, yet Carver drank it in hun- grily, his face bare to the refreshing blasts. Out here a man could feel some illusion of a freedom which had not really existed in America, or in all the world, for hundreds of years. To be free one must have in his veins the un- tainted blood of the Lords, the racial purity that gave them license to rule Earth. Other races were inferior by law of conquest and by decree of the Lords, who held their power over the mixed stocks of America, as ages ago Americans had enslaved the Negroes. The guards were recruited from the ranks of the Lords, each youth serving a brief military apprenticeship. And un- der the oligarchy sweated and labored the Helots, their birth-rate limited, hope- less and impotent, their criminals doomed to being hunted down by wolf- hounds for the sport of the despots. Carver could not understand the so- cial forces that had inevitably led to such an end ; he simply toiled and hated, one of a million robots working amid the slim, graceful forms of the overbred Lords. Now he trudged through the forest, the ground strange to his sandaled feet which were more used to the rubbery pavements of the City corridors. Once he glanced up at an unfamiliar shrilling in the air, and saw a gigantic silvery torpedolike craft drift down till it was hidden by a wooded bridge. The Ship, returning from its voyage toward Mars. Briefly he wondered what had gone wrong in space. BUT THE SHIP wras forgotten as he came to a little cave beside a brook, and saw an old man, gnarled and shrunken, sitting in the sunlight. Carver came for- ward hastily. “Ardno,” he said. “Father. You should not—what if they saw you?” The oldster turned a sightless face, pale and wrinkled, toward Carver. His voice was thin and high. “I’d die, of course. They’d kill me. And you’d not have to risk your life smuggling food out of the City to me.” Carver’s quick glance examined the sky. He helped his father into the cave. For almost a year Ardno Carver had dwelt here, since his failing sight had brought down on him the official decree of euthanasia. There was no room in the City for outworn Helots. Death was F• ■ ■ • LET THIS TEST LEAD YOU TO MORE PIPE-PLEASURE! Why you get FLAVOROMA only from Half & Half As the teat shows, you enjoy flavor partly through your sense of taste, largely through your sense of smell. Knowing this, we set out to blend a tobacco appealing partly to your tongue, but especially to the keen nerves at the back of your nose. In HALF 81 HALF, we got a blend that does just that. A blend with a special quality which we call FLA- VOROMA... a perfect combination of AROMA and TASTE that produces finer tobacco flavor. It is this exclusive quality of FLA- VOROMA in Half & Half that gives you more pipe-smoking pleasure. Try HALF & HALF yourself. Learn why FLAVOROMA is switching so many pipe-smokers to this tobacco every day. Copyright 1983. Th* American Tobacco Company THE TIN TELESCOPES! JUST PUSH IT TOGETHER... .............. AS YOU USE UP *. THE TOBACCO.. THE TELESCOPE TIN gets smaller and smaller as you use it, makes tobacco easy to get at all the way down. No scraped fingers as you reach down for the last load. (Patent No. 1,770,920.) Enjoy ihe FLAVOROMA of 0:IALF®HALF FOR PIPE OH CIGARETTE Please mention this magazine when answering advertisements I If you think you enjoy tobacco flavor chiefly 1 through your sense of taste...make this sim- ple test. While you’re smoking, pinch your □ostrils shut. Note that your tobacco smoke Castes flat.. .flavorless. O	Now let go. The flavor returns immediately, proving that you enjoy tobacco flavor chiefly through your sense of smell. That’s why half & HALF’S distinctive aroma, added to its finer taste, gives you richer, fuller tobacco flavor. This exclusive quality is called flavoroma. 150 ASTOUNDING SCIENCE-FICTION painless and merciful. But to young Carver it had seemed very horrible that his father should die. and so he had managed to do the impossible—guide Ardno to this lonely place where the blind man could still live, after a fashion, feeding on the scraps Carver stole. “Well?” The oldster's voice was querulous. "What did you bring, eh?” He was not satisfied till he had fin- gered each morsel and lifted it in mis- shapen fingers to his nostrils. “It’ll do,” he said grudgingly. “It’ll have to.” And he fell silent, cramming the food into his mouth. Carver sat in silence on a boulder, eying his father in the gloom. He re- membered when Ardno had been a strong, well-shaped man who had more than once felt the lash because of his moments of insane defiance. A bitter, dry sob shook Carver’s thick body. The father looked up quickly, a crumb of bread on his lip. “What’s the matter?” “Nothing.” Sightless eyes stared in Carver’s di- rection. But after a moment Ardno re- turned to his meal. THE NEXT DAY there were whis- pers in the City. The Ship had re- turned. And the crew were frightened and puzzled. Something had stopped them in space—some force they could not understand. They had returned to Earth, but not under their own power, unable to comprehend what had hap- pened to them. So much the talcs said, furtively mur- mured among the Helots. There was a curious air of unrest in the City when Carver slipped out that night, and, walk- ing swiftly along the road in the twi- light, unaccustomed thoughts stirred in his fnrnd. Apparently the Lords were not omnipotent. They could be de- feated. But—Carver smiled bitterly— not by Helots. Not by unarmed slaves. Abruptly he stiffened. A familiar figure was coming toward him, vague in the distance. With a cold shock he recognized his father, and saw that two men—guards !—were moving swiftly in Ardno’s direction. Blindly the old man walked, gnarled hands outstretched fum- blingly, his feet guided by the hard sur- face of the road. “No!” Carver tried to shout. “Go back! Back!” Somehow he knew why Ardno was here. The old man had come to find death that would release himself and his son from an existence that had grown intolerable. No longer would Carver need to risk torture by smuggling food to his father. And, for Ardno, blind- ness and agony would be over. As Carver raced on, a part of his brain was saying, over and over, “This is best. It's the best way out.” The affair was finished before Carver reached the group. Ardno was quite dead, a limp, misshapen huddle beside the road, and the two guards were sheath- ing their guns. One of the soldiers turned to face him. “Well? What d’you want, Helot?” Ever after that Carver was to remem- ber how the sinking sun glowed redlv behind the two men, outlining their slim figures with a hazy aura. And he re- membered, too, the silhouette of an arm coming up, a gun gripped in a slender hand. Strangely he felt no emotion; he seemed to be outside his body, watch- ing it dispassionately, listening to its- hoarse breathing. “Well?” If he said the wrong thing—if he re- vealed his relationship to Ardno—it would mean perhaps death, at least tor- ture. Carver hesitated. His great shoulders shook as he fought for air, through a throat dry and clamped. One of the guards said something in an undertone. The other nodded, moved forward, his weapon’s muzzle not a foot from Carver’s chest. “Helot—back to the City! At once!” THE DISINHERITED 151 Carver shrank away, looking down at the gun. And beyond it he saw, al- most at his feet, the blind staring eyes of Ardno. The Helot, Carver roared—and the powerful engine that was his body swept into action. One huge hand drove down, clasped the gun and wrenched it free. He scarcely heard the report or felt the bullet tear along his palm. He saw nothing but the startled white face of the guard, and beyond it the other man drawing his weapon. "He’s mad!” the disarmed soldier cried, and screamed in agony as the gun’s butt smashed into his face, pulp- ing its delicate features in bloody ruin. He staggered away, still shrieking, and Carver lunged at the other man. A bullet hit the Helot’s side and glanced off his ribs. But that could not stop Carver. Without glancing at the bellowing gun he came forward like the drive of a piston, and his fist cracked cleanly against the soldier’s chin. The man went back bonelessly and dropped, his head twisted at an impossible angle. THE OTHER GUARD lay limp and unconscious. Breathing harshly, Carver stared around. Cars were approaching. The Helot’s side hurt. He touched it, and was surprised by the amount of blood that smeared his hand. Insensate rage mounted within Carver, and he stood with his fists clenched, facing the City. This will mean death, he thought. And a new mate for Morna- The realization stabbed his brain. His lips moved wordlessly. He turned and ran toward the forest, and behind him came a fusillade of shots. From the woods a man came to meet him—such a man as he had never seen before. Ten feet high, moving with lithe, unhurried swiftness, he was at Carver’s side before the Helot had cov- ered three yards. Carver growled an oath, lunged at this new enemy, teeth bared in a snarl. And without warning came—the in- explicable. Around the two there lifted a wall of cold flame, crackling softly as it grew and came together fifteen feet above the ground to form a dome. They stood within a little hut of fire, spring- ing apparently from the Earth itself. Fear shook Carver. But in the new- comer he saw only menace, and he leaped forward- And halted. Some incredible force held him motionless, draining his mus- cles of power, holding him paralyzed. He stood fighting against invisible bonds, glaring at the other. It was utterly silent, save for the faint crackling of the flame-wall. Against the pale glow loomed the gi- gantic figure, and now Carver realized that he was not looking upon a human being. For this man was cast in human mold, yet about him was an air of alienage— a calm and passionless withdrawal in the pale eyes—that told more than did his abnormal height. He wore a scanty, sleevelss robe, and his muscles beneath ivory skin were those of a colossus. Somehow the fear and hatred in Car- ver’s mind faded and fled away as he looked into the wise, ancient eyes of the giant and read in them a message. He did not hear it, but words seemed to form within his brain, unmistakable as though spoken by an audible voice. It said softly, “I will not harm you.” From the dome of fire above, a flam- ing tendril dropped straight for Carver’s head. It touched his hair, seemed to probe through skull and brain, an ut- terly incredible search that found the secret citadel of the man’s being and— examined! To Carver it was as though he lay naked before the eyes of a god. He sensed some incredible communion, a flood of knowledge pouring from him into—what ? The sensation vanished. The finger of light was gone. The giant put a 152 ASTOUNDING SCIENCE-FICTION huge, yet somehow graceful hand on Carver's shoulder. Once more a word- less thought came to the Helot. "You are safe here. Your enemies cannot break through the barrier.” CARVER KNEW that he should have been frightened, yet he felt only a vast and utterly new sense of peace. The gray eyes of the giant aroused in him a sensation he could not analyze. He seemed to look through them into an- other world. The huge man seemed to listen. He bowed his head in acknowledgment. To Carver he said, or seemed to say, “Hearken, for you must remember this. Your masters—they who call them- selves Lords—have sent out a craft be- yond the atmosphere of this world. And therefore they have brought themselves within the ken of the Watcher.” Carver whispered, “The—Watcher?” “Aye. A being evolved from Man, but so alien to us that we can compre- hend little of his attributes. From a dead Galaxy he came, to guard this Galaxy of ours. For Man is born to serve—but to serve those beneath him, not those above. Far in the future, life in this Galaxy will have evolved to a state where it is sheer energy—a super- intelligence composed of all the beings from all the planets in this star-cluster. From a single cell we go upward, till at last we become as the Watcher—a being of energy, of life itself. And when that time comes, we shall leave our dead group of worlds to find an- other Galaxy struggling up evolution's path, and we shall guard and guide it as the Watcher guides and guards us. For ages we of Mars have known the Watcher and communed with him. He prevented us, in our days of savagery, from bringing war to the other planets —as he shall do again now.” The walls of flame brightened, cast- ing a white glow over the Martian. “The Lords rule your world, and rule it unwisely. In time they might learn wisdom, but they must not bring the seeds of folly and war to the other plan- ets. So the Watcher turned back their spaceship and brought me here from Mars to aid him. He—and I—have learned much from the minds of your people. You are the last of fifty we have examined, and the Watcher has de- cided on the best course.” Carver could not entirely understand, yet a surge of hope mounted in him. “You’ll help us kill the Lords?” Ageless sorrow stood for a moment in the Martian’s pale eyes. “No. You are yet barbarians. You have a long road to travel. But in your group— you Helots—there are the germs of courage and strength and truth. So, for a hundred years, all power will be taken from the Earth.” “I don’t understand-” “You cannot. Science has been lost to you for ages. Yet there are dream- ers among you, and after the hundred years have expired, you will rediscover the wisdom of your ancestors. Use it; do not misuse it. The Watcher has power over vibration and over energy— you cannot understand that, but know this: the Lords are hereafter weapon- less. Their guns are toys. Their great machines will halt for lack of fuel. If they continue to rule the Helots, they must do so by brawn or brain alone— and they cannot succeed in that. From this hour you are equal to the Lords.” A mad little flame of vengeance grew and danced in Carver's eyes. The Mar- tian lifted his hand. “Wait. You must not begin your task with evil. Seek no revenge on those who were your masters. Leave them; they cannot halt you. Go forth into the fields and forests beyond the cities; learn to live as free men. Learn to till crops and kindle fires. Grow wise. And in a hundred years Earth will have power again.” Carver whispered, “The Lords-” THE DISINHERITED 153 “They must learn to live, and forget how to rule. Else they will starve in their giant cities. Now wait: with the Watcher’s aid I shall speak to the Helots all over your planet. Wait-” CARVER SENSED a strange tense- ness in the air, as though it shook un- der the burden of power inconceivable. Through the man's mind came a thought, and he knew, with a curious certainty, that the same thought came at the same time to the brain of every Helot in the world. “Come forth from your cities! The Lords are powerless; their rule is bro- ken. Harm no one—but come forth! You are free henceforward!” The Martian looked down at Carver. His smile was very tender as he placed his hands on the Helot’s shoulders. “You must lead your people now, and give them the Watcher’s message. So farewell—brother !” A blaze of light blinded Carver. He staggered back, rubbing his eyes. When he could see again, he stood alone on the sloping hillside. Martian and walls of flame had alike vanished. Though the Sun had set, a full Moon washed the bulwark of the City, half a mile away, in gleaming brilliance. A knot of men stood in a puzzled group beside the road, staring toward Carver. Beyond them were several autocars. And further down the road Carver could see other vehicles coasting to a halt. At this time, he knew, the City should be bright with innumerable carbon- dioxide lamps. Yet its windows were dark. From far away came a faint tri- umphant shouting. A few soldiers separated from the others and came toward Carver hesi- tantly, their guns leveled. He went to meet them, and briefly felt a surge of hatred that dried his throat with its in- tensity. But he fought it down, as he fought down the momentary fear that arose at sight of their weapons. The guards squeezed triggers— vainly. They stood undecided finally forming a barrier, shoulder to shoul- der, against the advancing Helot. Without perceptible effort he pushed them aside. They were weaklings, he thought contemptuously. And, strangely, all hatred of the Lords had left him. Before him lay a mighty task, and he could not halt now to destroy those who had been his masters. The Lords stood staring after him as he swung along the road, a tall defiant figure in the moonlight. From the gates of the City a horde was pouring, men and women who had been Helots— slaves 110 longer! Among them, Carver knew, was Morna, Morna who would bear his child. Still the mob pressed forward, shouting. Carver went down to meet his people. CLASSIFIED ADVERTISING _________Patents Secured______ PATENTS—Reasonable terms. Hook and advico free. 1*. F. Randolph. Dept. 513, Washington, D. C._ WE SUCCESSFULLY HELL inventions, patented and un- pateuted. Write for proof, and tell ua what you have for sale, t’bartered Institute of American Inventors, Dept. 19-A. Washington, 1). C. ___Detectives—Instructions___ DETECTIVES EARN BIG MONEY. Work home or travel. r>KTECTIV15 particulars free. Experience unneces- sary. Write GEOllOK WAGONER. 2C10-A Broadway, Now York. DETECTIVES—SECRET INVESTIGATIONS—1TRAINING. Rome—Trarol. Particulars free. Chief Muliica. 14-S Journal Square. Jersey Cilv.____ ___Remedy___ _ 8TTGAU DIABETICS. Send for frco booklet. Otto Cisky. fceesburn, Florida. Photo Finishing & Enlargements SNAPSHOTS IN COMBS—Roll developed, 8 Nalural Color Prints—25e. Natural Color reprints—3c. Amazingly Beautiful. Natural Color Photo, C-85, Janesville. Wisconsin. ONE MASTER NATUItAI. COLOR ENLARGEMENT. Hvo beautiful enlargements or oicht reprints free with roll de- veloped and elcht hlirloss llfetimo prints for 25c coin. Re- prints Sc each. Satisfaction or money back. Sunset Service, 309 Sunset Building. St. Paul, Minnesota._ Help Wanted—Instructions FOREST JOBS AVAILABLE *125-8175 MONTH. Cabin. Hunt, trap, patrol. Qualify immediately. Write Rayson Bervico C-B9. Donver. Colo. Parents RJSAD THE DIFFERENCE botween sacrifice and duty to our children. Send money order 35c for most intorestin* booklot. Esther MacGIllivray, 207 W. 80th St., New York. 154 “Hell Ship’’—first of the spider-Beet, Bear Mr. Campbell : "ol :l	><!<“» for space travel in Hell Ship or huveu't IV It seems like it to me, ami Arachne—the 6'. S. Arachne, if you please (with S. S. standing for "space-ship")— is a real vessel to her papa. 1 could even draw a picture of her—which might be tough with •nos; any other of my science-fiction machines. Tli>- idea came to me at one of those demon- strations performed with a saltshaker. a mag- net, a piece of paper, and a liberal supply of won filings. Take the magnet, cover with the paper, load the saltshaker with the iron chips, and sprinkle. The tilings stand up bravely and snow you patterns and lines, “lines of magnetic force." They showed me a way to a new story, and a new ship, anyhow. They're invisible, those lines, but real—though you can't see them—as steel cables. They'll replace steel cables, hitch- ing the lift of a crane to the mass of steel that needs moving. They'll harness a half-million horsepower steam turbine, hold it down and make it work, and turn out electric power. They're real, and you can take hold of them —5'et you can't feel 'em. You can't, that is, unless you get the right hind of apixiratun. A simple electrical coil will take hold of them. A simple coil of wire with a simple currenl flowing through it will take hold of those invisible, “in- tangible" lines of force and shiuuy up them like u monkey up a vine. Or—like a spider up a thread. So. it's the Arachm- of course. Einstein's shown that elec- tric, magnetic and gravitational fields are simi- lar in character. Electric and magnetic lines of force are used, worked with, handled regu- larly, today. Well, when we get to know a little more about it, maybe we can design the right kind of coil, and send (he right kind of current i' rough it, and have a device that will climb up and down the giavitic lines of force as readily us the simple coil with its simple current will slide up and down the magnetic lines of force. The ship built up about that as it would on tlie drafting hoards of the Capertou Company. First, the coil, spun in the lines of gravitic force to generate the peculiar currents needed, mid the great shaft to drive and carry the coil. That shaft though, has to carry all the weight nf the ship, and it’s got to have a motor, a huge olectric motor driving it. Put 'em 011 the same shall to minimize stresses and gearing and complexities. The motor? Well, our gravitic rotor has to spin faster out in interplanetary space where the lines of force are weaker, fur- ther apart, so we'll want a variable speed mo- Say a D. C. series-wound job. of about 40.000 horsepower. Some atomic generators to supply it. and some gyroscopes to stabilize the ship against the thrust of the big motor. It's taking shape now. A sphere shape will be most efficient. The huge drive shaft and mo- tors in the center, the load distributed so it falls ‘below" the lift thrust of the gravitic rotor. That means heavy cargo rooms, the motor, gen- erators and gyros down below. But the giant rotor-shaft carrying all the stress, will have to have huge thrust bearings, probably the big oil- llotation type, with copper-cadmiuin or copper- silver bronze bearings. We'll put the crew up at the top, in among the queer-shaped little rooms near the top of the bulge, where they can listen to the "voices" muttering down the great stringers and cross- beams distributing the thrust of the rotor, Put the passengers iu between top and bottom, keep 'em out of the way. and you have the S. S. Arachne, first of the spider-fleet—may their tribe increase! But troubles, new troubles with new machines. A crack iu that giant drive-rotor out between the worlds, where the shifting, weaving, invisi- ble lines of force thin out- So my ship and her problems. So my Skip- per Parsons, aud Chief Rngineer Josh McNab. They're the realest characters I've fooled around wit h in some 18 years. I hope you’ll like them ! —Arthur J. Burks. Casey’s Uranians. Dear Mr. Campbell: I have never beeu one to shudder when an author used speeds far surpassing the speed of light for his rockets, and so I was interested to notice the other day that Einstein has sug- gested that there may be an “ether" all around us. Light travels through this “ether" 186,000 miles per second, but when an object is moved the “ether" compresses it. Thus the length of a yardstick would be reduced to zero were it to attain the speed of light. By using hydrogen atoms as a “dock" and shooting them through a vacuum it has now l>een proved that a moving SCIENCE DISCUSSIONS	155 clock keeps slower time than a stationary clock If this theory of ethcric "compression” is proved conclusively, your authors will have to throttle Iheir spaceships down a trifle. Kent Casey’s "Static” was interesting, but he fails to account for the fact that Uranus has an atmosphere made up almost entirely of methane and ammonia, and that the temperature is about 100 degrees Centigrade. Would such a world produce life as much like ours as Casey implied? —Charles Jarvis, 10 Avenue Petaln, Shanghai, China. Evolution and Light. Dear Mr. Campbell : And with that standardized heading, I com- mence. Mr. Cummins, are you not wrong in assuming that, in a million years or so, mankind will be a race of giants? Even though man has been increasing in size for the last five hundred years, there must be some limit, it seems to me, on the size an intelligent, mobile being could possess. The limit would be a factor of the speed with which neural impulses travel from the sensory organs to the brain. If it took too long for a being to react to a situation, that being would not be efficient enough to survive. To return to the future evolution of man— Mr. Swisher raises an interesting point when he suggests that all the work that goes on with x-rays and radioactive radiations may produce an effect oil man’s evolution within the next hundred years. But wouldn’t that effect appear In tbe children—oh, oh. pardon me ! Mr. Swisher does say in his letter that the effect may not show for several generations. Sorry. The “Bunte-Hayden-Dirac” theory went over my head. I’m afraid. But it sounded good, ex- cept that Mr. Hayden didn’t explain how the fact that the force of gravity varies inversely as the distance would fit into his theory. Or maybe he did, and I missed it. But let's hear more of the ‘‘Bunte-Hayden-Dirac” theory, Mr. Hayden. And now to get my nickel's worth in on this argument about the effects produced by a lumi- nous body traveling faster than the speed of light. According to Einstein—and my own in- terpretation. I suppose—bodies can not travel faster than the speed of light. So that is that. But, supposing it did. Then, of course, its speed would be faster than the speed of light- only in relation to the observer. Einstein says—I hope—-that light travels at a constant speed, out in space, and that no other velocity can equal or be greater than that speed. Also, the speed of light is the only constant. The time and space units in the equation vary with respect to one another, as the speed of the moving object approaches the velocity of light. So, as far as the luminous body was con- cerned, light would travel at its usual speed with regard to the luminous body. With regard to us, the luminous body, traveling in relation to us with a speed greater than that of light, would seem to have a negative length, and time would be going backward ! Or am I just suffer- ing from a hang-over? Perhaps I’d better drop the subject. But if Mr. Tarr desires, I’ll dig up the for- mulas known as, I believe, the "Lorentz Trans- formation” and see what I can do with them. You know, if in a system ‘‘K" an object is mov- ing with a certain velocity along co-ordinate "X” what would be its velocity in a system "K-Prime” —or something. I hope that some one who knows what it is all about doesn't jump into "Science Discussions” and land on me with both feet. But I suppose I deserve it. But I’m trying—gosh! How I am trying! A word must be said about Mr. McEckron’e letter and its vocabulary. But words fail me, and I pass on, pausing only to say that I hope he writes again. I sec that Mr. Wooding and Mr. Hilt also have words to say about the luminous body moving faster than light. I think I'll retire, and leave the field to their more capable hands —Allan Ingvald Benson, Box 17, U. S. S. Cali- fornia, San Pedro. California. BRASS TACKS Wellman’s been liked more and more recently. Dear Mr. Campbell : Congratulations!—for two of the finest nov- JS5? . ave rea<1 in many years. “Seeds of the Dusk is a corkingly well-written first-place Winner. "Men Against the Stars'' close second. 1 didn't think M. W. Wellman was capable of such a story after his previous one in Astound- ing. I haven’t read anything else but I just comdn t wait till I'd finished the entire copy. .Again congratulations! Keep it up.—J. MasoD, 33 Mckean Blvd., Toronto, Ont., Canada. How do you rate them? Dear Sir: I have been an ardent reader of Astounding Scienee-Fietion since 1935, and I think it's the best magazine on the market. The best story you ever published was, in my opinion, "The Mad Moon.” Weinbaum was a genius and I want reprints by him. Please make Brass Tacks bigger and print less Science Discussions. They make me have a headache. Keep Wesso on the covers, and Dold and Marehioni on the iusidcs. Thomson is your worst illustrator. Let’s not have auy more by him. Here is a rough scale of your authors : E. E. Smith.....................90% Jack Williamson................90% Kan do Binder...................82>,i% Stanton A. Coblentz.............80% Nat Schachner..................80% Don A. Stuart..................75% R. R. Winterbotham.............70% Eric Prank Russell..............70% John Russell Fearn..............70% Manly Wade Wellman............60% Warner Van Lome..............60% Arthur J. Burks.................55% J. Harvey Haggard..............52>/j% Stories by any of these authors will bo wel- comed. If this letter is printed. I should like correspondence with any boy 15-16 interested in science-fiction.—F. D. Wilson, 16 Pilking- ton Rd., Southport, Lancs., England. Concerning Letters. Dear Editor : May I politely suggest that James Avery of Skowhegan. Maine, commence walking east and not hesitate when he reaches the shore? Is brother Avery indifferent to the entertain- ing but unpaid authors surrounding him, or is he just sour because his man lost the election? His complaint in the June issue that enjoyable, entertaining letters no longer appear in readers’ columns is slightly damp. That same June issue contains some wonderful examples. I will admit that the old "gang” have gone —apparently—for who reads letters from Pritch- ard, Hornig, Lutwin, Schwartz, Wollhcim and that California creature, Ackerman, nowadays? Perhaps it is that they occupy positions that curtail the writing of letters to Brass Tacks. Nevertheless, Mr. Avery needs but to look around his own letter mentioned. Reread the one from A. S. McEckron of Galva, Kan. That letter approaches the pinnacle of brilliant and THE WARNER BROS.-UNIVEX "HOME SCREEN TEST" CONTEST SPONSORED BY = PICTURE PLAY MAGAZINE OFFERS YOU A LIFETIME OPPORTUNITY This new exciting contest offers you a chance to win one of three WARNER BROS. SCREEN TESTS with FREE trips to HOLLYWOOD as guests of the fash- ionable BEVERLY HILLS HOTEL or any one of 75 other valuable prizes. All you have to do is make your own screen test in your own home with your own, borrowed or rented movie camera. Anybody can enter. All you need is a face and a movie camera. There’s no age limit! Films will be judged by Bette Davis, Errol Flynn, the editor of PICTURE PLAY MAGAZINE and two WARNER BROS, executives to be an- nounced at a later date. Be sure and read all contest rules, in- structions and suggestions for HOME SCREEN TEST contestants in the current issue of PICTURE PLAY. A completely informative booklet has been prepared especially for you. It tells you how to act before a camera, how to use and apply stage cosmetics, the art of dress and camera technique, etc. This booklet is yours for the asking. Fill in the entry blank below and send it with a self-addressed, stamped envelope to PICTURE PLAY MAGAZINE, 79 Sev- enth Avenue, New York, N. Y., and this booklet will be sent to you immediately, absolutely free. Don’t delay! Reserve your issue of PICTURE PLAY MAGAZINE at your newsstand now. Enter the greatest of all contests today—the WARNER BROS.- UNIVEX “HOME SCREEN TEST”. It offers you fame, fortune and fun! HURRY! Mail this Entrance Blank to-dny to PICTURE PLAY. Box S-7. 79 Seventh Avenue. New York, N. Y. Enclose a stamped, self-addressed envelope and our special booklet giving valuable instructions will be mailed to you immediately. NAME ..................................................................... ADDRESS .................................................................. CITY...................................... STATE.......................... AGE...................... HEIGHT....................... WEIGHT......... COLOR OF EYES...............COLOR OF HAIR...............COMPLEXION. BSWCmiponi are also packed withRaleiKl^Kool&Vicero» CiRiiretlos BRASS TACKS non-offending sarcastic wit and humor, displays remarkable human insight and shows an admir- able talent of word-arranging. The McEckron letter should have lead on in Brass Tacks in- stead or almost ending Science Discussions. And look over again some of the enjoyable phrases, sentences and paragraphs in some of the others : "I am writing this by the flickering flame of my wee tallow dip in flood-bound Los An- geles” ; "Science is wonderful—when it works!” and the same gentleman’s experiences with his letters and his honorable name being cast about the world as if tliey were commercial commodi- ties. "This past issue was O. K., except for that mistit of a child’s nightmare known as "Jason Sows Again." I never did care much for Burks anyhow. I've read him in other maga- zines and be doesn’t agree with my metabolism" ; and so on down the column. If letters such as the June issue contained don’t please Mr. Avery, X admit that I am at a loss to know what to do about it. If the magazine started paying live dollars per letter, the boys of the government Writers' Project tniyht be able to turn out a few to please him. My friend Avery himself didn’t do so bad at writing. It was interesting, if not enjoyable. But perhaps he would prefer this kind, which is of the “type once printed in the old ** Stories’’: deaR ediTor— i think yer book is lousy and 1 want my monie back, the stories are punk and they ain’t even good stories, yer wholed mag. is punk awful, i dare yew to print this 1 If that is tho type of letter the Maine gen- tleman craves, he will have to go back to the magazine he mentioned, for I have yet to see Buell a letter in the modern Astounding and I did see such a letter (almost a word for word copy) as is given above iu the very magazine he yearned for.—Bob Tuckcr, 218 E. Monroe St., Bloomington, III. Maybe be doesn’t like Schacbner. Dear Editor : Whether or not a science-fiction magazine is improving, declining, or remaining at the same level, there usually appears each year an issue that can in most phases be termed excellent. Don't misunderstand me; there are a gooil many excellent issues of Astounding throughout the year, but after all there is likely to be one that in all angles dominates the others. The June Astounding already has the honors for this year. Unless Editor Campbell turns superhuman be- fore the nest six months have passed, I am sure this same June issue won't be excelled until Santa Claus has dropped around again. The cover and its “story” were both good. I hope vou use Saturn on the next astronomical cover.' It wouldn’t be hard to do, you know; Schachner. Gallun or one of your other office boys could dash off a little yarn about the ringed world in just a few minutes. (All linotyped, ,0Norman L. Kniglit'e story possessed the mag- nitude of "Frontier of the Unknown", despite its brevity. By all means, secure more from this aU"Men Against the Stars” is the best in the issue, though I believe Wellman could have made a powerful novel out of the idea. Sequel here, please.	,, , ,,, . After reading a heap of garbage called "Izst —Earthman” two months ago, I hastily re- moved Raymond Z. Gallun's name from my list of favorite science-Action writers. I reached the conclusion that he had moved in with Schachner and was borrowing Nat’s linotyper quite fre- quently. I even began to wonder II' friend R/i(. had a two-year-old brother. Fortunately, how- ever, Gallun returned just in time to convince me that he still had traces of "Old Faithful” In him. In fact., "Seeds of the Dusk" is Ills best story since "Old Faithful.” I see his name on next month’s schedule. Let’s hope the com- ing yarn is as good as “Seeds of the Dusk”. I'm afraid Jack Williamson has caught Seliach- neritus, too. "The Legion of Time” is a miser- able failure when placed next to Williamson's flrst masterpiece, “The Legion of Space”. The new serial is nothing but tripe. He must have written it while striking a match. WHY MEN PREFER BETTER TOBACCO fiuu. VALUABLE COUPONS IT’S DOUBLE VALUE-this union- made BIG BENI Jammed with two full ounces of super-mild j sweet burley—crimp-cut for slow- burning “coolth”! Fresh? YES! See that air-tight Cellophane seal? AND—pipe the free B & W cou- pon! (One in each 2-ounce tin—8 in the pound air-tight canister!) Save ’em—for 46 knockout premi- ums! Try BIG BEN today! Look for the red tin with the thorough- bred horse on it. If you roll your own, ask for free cigarette papers; (Premium offer good in U.S. only.) Please mention this magazine when answering advertisements 158 ASTOUNDING SCIENCE-FICTION TRAIN TOR PAY TUITION AFTER GRADUATION Moil coopontodayfordotailsof Graduation plan” and famous Coyno Learn toy Doing” method of practical shop training for your start for success in this big-pay field. Age or lack of money noed not hold you back . . . Get training first; then take IS months to complete omall monthly tuition payments etarting 5 Months aftor you begin training. 12 WEEKS’ TRAINING Coyne Training is practical, thorough, easy to grasp . . . you learn quickly by doinir actual Jobs on real electrical machinery right here in my Chicago Training Shops — NOT from books or printed lessons.*ou don'tncod previ- ous experience or a lot of book learnin*:. Export instructors guide you every step of tho way. EARN WHILE LEARNING- JOB HELP AFTER GRADUATION Big things ahead inElectricity means opportun- ities for steady jobs, good pay. and a real fu- turo in this fascinating’■live”industry. TJiou- iands of opportunities. Rush the coupon ODAY for Bis Free Book containing many photos of tho great Coyne Shope in Chicago, facts about Coyne Training . . . Freo Employ- ment Service . . . many earn whne learning ...additional instruction in Diesel Engines, Electric Refrigeration and Air-Condltion- ing at NO EXTRA COST and amazing Pay-Tuition-After-Graduation Offer. ELECTRICAL SCHOOL ffl B>a5Ci H.C. LEWIS. President 500S.Paulira St., Dept.B8-45,Chicago. III. H. C. LEWIS, President, Coyne Electrical School SOO S. Paulina S*., Dept. BS-45. Chicago. III. Send mo. without'cost or obligation. your P.i* Froo Book and details of Pay-Tuition-ASier-Craduation-Cltcr. ADDRESS- CITY_ Earn $40toS60a-weekinsuch active fields as Drafting. Accounting, Air Con- ditioning, Diesel, Architecture. Merchandis- ing, Electricity. Refrigeration, Mechanical, Radio. We prepare you at home and then help place you In right job. Low monthly terms—satisfac- tion or money back. Write for facts—no obligation. A merican School. Dep.cB-7.Pr9xelat58th,Chlcago STUDY AT HOME Legally trained men win high- er positions and bigger suc- cess in business and publlo life. They command respect. Greater opportunities now than ever Big corporations aro hcadc<i with legal training. lore Prestige: More Money _ ___________j by step. Yoa can train at homo __iring spare time. Degreo of LI,. B. conferred. Sicceaafnl graduates in every section of the United States. Wo furnish all text material, including fourteen-volumo Law Library- Low coat. ea**y terms. Get our valuable 64-page Law Training foe Leadership” and ’’Evidenco*' books FREE, bood for them NOW. LASALLE EXTENSION, Dept. 76S-L	Chicago FIRST AID jMSTHMATICS When asthmatic paroxysms occur, sufferers V.’anl ready leliel. That is why we suggest inhal- ing the rich, penetrating smoke of Dr. R. Schiff- mann's ASTHMADOR. This famous relief treat- ment has been continuously improved for 70 years Ihru modern scientific laboratory methods. At your druggist in powder. lorm. or sand lor free trial supply ol all three. R. P- SCHIFFMANN CO.. Lo* Angeles. California. Dept, S Lastly, congrats to Wesso on his magnificent drawing of Mars—John Chapman, 1521 Como Ave. S. E., Minneapolis, Minu. “‘Three Thousand Years’ was great!" Dear Mr. Campbell: Three issues have come out since I last wrote; so I'm a little behind the times; but 1 ™ep what ca“ be (lone lo catch up. Three Thousand Years", of course, deserves comment lirst, and, as far as I'm concerned, favorable comment. It was an excellent story, both from the standpoint of the characteriza- tions and the incidental science—a good example of the latter being the episode of the vault open- ing by the glassmen. And the description of Gamble's “perfect civilization"! That was u real laugh. McClary’s style is far better than the average, and he deals with the human ele- ment, and the reactions of people to their en- vironment, in a way that I have seldom seen surpassed. He produced not only a science- fiction yarn, but a piece of real literature. More ! I'd like to comment on all the stories, but I'm afraid the postage for the resultant 4ns. would require postage beyond my present means. How- ever, a few need something said about them. For instance, Manly Wade Wellman’s "Men Against the Stars". There was realism mixed in with an understanding of the spirit of ex- ploration, the onward drive in men—whatever it is—and the ability to tell a fast moving yarn. The mixture producing a story that tied for first place in the issue. The other top- notcher was "Below—Absolute”, which treated a not altogether new idea in a novel manner. However, this “negative space” business is in danger of becoming overworked ; it has been used quite a bit of late. It might be a good idea to give it a rest. Another good tale was “Seeds of the Dusk". The idea of an organism being able to develop a science by introspection is a new one to me, and it was presented most convincingly here. Gallun seems to be a con- sistently good writer. I wish the same could be said of Wesso as an artist. He did good work on the June cover —in fact, it was the best one since March. And his interior work was an immense improvement over that of the past few issues—especially the illustration for Wellman's story. Schneeman (lid a good illustration—the second one—-for “The Legion of Time". And apropos Schneeman, let's have more of his cover illustrations; the one for the May number was tine. I have one fault to find with Binder : liis drawings are too obviously sketches. That is. he leaves too much white, unshaded space in his work. As for Brown—please coniine bis efforts to the cover; lie does very well there. Speaking of illustrations, it seems to me that the drawing or picture accompanying the story lias a great influence on the impression which that story leaves in the reader’s mind. I have read yarns that impressed me greatly, and yet, after analyzing them closely, I have decided tliat the illustrations—in each instance imaginative and well executed—have been just as responsible for the effect. It was the realizatim of the spirit of file story that did it—the visible pres- entation of tho writer's idea. And. conversely, rotten illustrations have spoiled perfectly good stories for me. Perhaps the reason that Dold is well liked is that, although his technique is none too good, his imagination and his ability to sense the effect which the author wished to produce enable him to produce appropriate draw- ings. And that's one reason I don’t like Thom- son’s work—he apparently has no great im- agination. Mr. Avery wonders if the readers are in fa- vor of the new regime. Indeed, he appears quite sceptical. “Who asked for the mutants?" says he. "Why don't we see the type of letters they used to write in the good ol’ days?" (Wonder if it could possibly be that not so many of them are written?) Well. Mr. Avery, suppose our editor had asked the readers. “Do you W!»nt mutants?” How many readers would know what he was talking about? He would have to show them—anil he did. and I. for one. am satisfied. And I dare say that if the majority Please mention this magazine when answering advertisements BRASS TACKS 159 the profession that pays- Accountants command good in- come. Thousands needed. About 16,000 Certified Public Account- ants in U. S. Many earn {52,000 to ?15,000. We train you thoroughly at home in your spare time for C. P. A. examinations or executive account- ing positions. Previous bookkeep- ing knowledge unnecessary — we prepare you from ground up. Our training is personally given by staff of experienced C. P. A.’s. Low cost — easy terms. Write now for valuable 64-page book free, “Accounting, the Profession That Pays.” LASALLE EXTENSION, DePt.765-H, cuco-o of fans kick, lie’ll ilo away with thorn—but I'll bet they won’t. Dictator? What’s jour defi- nition of a democracy?—Italpli C. Hamilton, 1120 College Ave., Wooster, Ohio. "'Three Thousand Years’ was a mess!” Dear Mr. Campbell : Just a line of congratulations for "The Legion of Time". It starts off like a great tale. Wil- liamson is again hitting the peak he reached with "The Legion of Space” and "The Cometeers”. Sorry I can't say the same for McClary’s opus. It's a dull mess. Your new authors are trying to be funny. Peterson is good, but Casey and Schere are pathetic. For the April issue, orchids to Sprague de Camp and Lester del Hey. A big bouquet to Brown, your best cover artist. Good luck to you in further mutations—Frederick Morgan, 31) West Hth St., New York City. Astounding was shifted back in the month because growth required that it be shipped with a larger group of Street & Smith magazines. Dear Mr. Campbell: Had not Astounding come out the day it did this letter would have been a far cry from that you would bave received. And who wouldn't begin to wonder—with Astounding over a week past the "deadline”? I still wonder why it was so late in reaching the newsstands. "Three Thousand Years” was a big disappoint- ment. It started out line—original—hut ended up little more than a carbon copy of "Rebirth.” With due respect for T. C. McClary (and realiz- ing that even authors can use a little cash now and then) how did you let that one get by, Mr. Campbell ? On the other hand "The Legion of Time” ex- ceeds even the advance notices you gave it. Place this one first on your Analytical Labora- tory. 1 must say I appreciate the science articles you give us. "The Great Eye” and "Witnesses of the Past” were both excellent, informative reading. Let’s have more like them. But where was E. E. Smith’s scheduled article? Of course we want fantasies like "Wings of the Storm.” They are a pleasant diversion from the highly involved ‘•x-y-B1‘-ab“= who cares?” type of science-flction we readers have been forced to swallow of late. However, stories like "Isle of the Golden Swarm" have no place in Astounding. They are distinctly not seience- fiction, fantasy or otherwise—even conceding their merit. Best stories of the month: Discounting COFFEE ROUTES PAYING % $60 National company needs more men at ouce to make regular calls on local routes. No expe- rience needed. Operate on our capital. Big bonus—$500.00 cash or Ford Sedan— besides your weekly earnings. Ru*h onmf oo postcard for FREE Facts. ALBERT MILLS. 5236 Monmouth, Cincinnati. Ohio._’ IF I Send YOU | TUBS FINE SUIT— I Will You Wear It and Show It to Friends? I need a reliable man In your town to wear a fine, made-to-measure, all-wool DEMONSTRAT- ING SUIT—advertise my famous Union clothing -uid tnke orders. You can make op to £12.00 in a day. My lino contains ovor 160 quality woolens.all sensational value*-, guaranteed. Yoa need no experience or money. 1 supply everything required, FREE of extra cost. Write me Unity for FREE details. H. J. GRAVES. STONEF1ELD CORP.. 1300 W. Harrison Strcet,Dopt.G-952,Chicago.Illinois. DieseI For several years, Diesel engines have been replacing steam and gasoline engines in power plants, motortrucks and busses, locomotives, ships, tractors, dredges, pumps, etc. And now the first Diesel-powered passenger car is on the market. Our home-study course ofTcrs you a real op- portunity to prepare lor a worth-while position In this new Sold. Write TODAY for full Infonnation. No obligation. American School, Dpt. DB-7, Droxel at S8th, Chicago 60 POWER TELESCOPE $2.19 VARIABLE EYEPIECE. 20X-40X—G0X MC1A/V Three telescopes In one. 3 different ma*- r*u.TO. nrticatlons. 20 power for ullrn-bngbt •wer for extra long Images with 40 and 60 r----— — rango. Guaranteed to bring distant Soda, peoplo, sport* events, pa, Most power- ful made for anywhere near the money. Closes to Ices than a foot in length. Multiple lenn system. SO mm. objective, in heavy bra*a mount. Directions included forusin* aa a compound 4 lcr>a microscope. American made. We pay the postage. Only 92.19. BROWNSCOPE CO., Dept. 7S, S W. 27th St., New York, N. Y. START $1260 to $2ip_0_Y_ear Common education * FRANKLIN INSTITUTE. Dept. TI94 usually sufficient. /	Rochester, N. Y. Get ready	^ -®*r8: ^U8^}	without charpe (1) at ouce. Men—Women. Mall Coupon today sure. O 32-paRO book with list of U. 8. Govfin- .S ment jobs. (2) Tell me immediately bow q to qualify for one of these jobs. O / Name....................................... / Address. Please mention this magazine when answering advertisements GET BIG husky | r WALL EXERCISER AMAZING NEW ^ 37 FEATURE Big Muscle Building Training Course 6ara money on thin amazing coano of physical culture. Biff Husky 10 Cab'.a Mmcle Builder Exerciser* 200 Lbs. RttltUnc* (Adjustshie). Two Heavy Dirty Hind Grips. Wall exerciser for back and nhoalder de- yolopm«nt. Head Harness (adjustable) and Fool Gear. Rowing Machine Attachments. Skip Rope. ThoGreat Shadow Boxer. Completely Illoatrmted Orarse GET STRONG". FOODS —EAT AMD GROW STflONG. Secrets of Jiu-Jitsu. Wresthng Holds. Feats °* strength. Special Wayo to Gat Big Biceps. Strengthen Your Back. Muscle Gauge. Test Your Own Strength. Secrets of Chest Expansion. Stomach Muscles, i Power for Legs and Thighs. •'For Men Only." facta I »o«i nhoald know. Developing Husky Legs. Special I 30 Day Training Schedule" that tails you what to do B each day and nomerona oUior lea- > AOH8BBHM lores. All This—For only *2.99. \ IiRowiho r»i Send your name and address, flMACMiHf —£I I We'd ship everything out by re- |	V^-SJtum mail. Pay postman only -«CL«,Wfc 3 52.99 plus postal charges. Out- *id0 u’s# ca9h order' HERCULES EXERCISES I -49 East 21st St. Dept. GIS I New York. N. Y. Q I. P. P.m. boxSr ASTOUNDING SCIENCE-FICTION BE A Traffic Manager Coed Pay—Good Opportunity Big business needs trained traffic men and pays them well. Train in your spare time for this highly profit- able, growing profession. Low cost; easy terms. Write now for valuable 64-page book—FREE. LaSalle Extension, Dept. 765-T, Chicago Hish School Course at Home [ _Many Finish in 2 Years Go as rapidly as your time and abilities permit. Equivalent to resi- dent school work—prepares for entrance to collage. Sundard H.H. "id. Diploma awarded. Credit for U. S. eubjects already Sinulo aubjtcU if dtttreU. Free Balletin on roqneat. American School. Opt. HB-7, Droxel at 58th. Chicago Is Your Rupture HERE? Why continue to suffer with rupture? Stop your worries and fears. Send for the facts about my perfected invention — the Brooks Appliance for reducible| rupture—with the automatic AIF CUSHION support that gives Natui a chance to close the opening. Thou- sands bought by doctors for them- selves and patients. Sent on Trial—Made-to-meaflare, Individual fitting tor man, woman or child. Low-priced, aanitary, durable. No obnoiiooa springs or hard pads; no metal girdle to rust. Safe and comfortable. Helps Nature get results. Not sold through etoree—beware of imitations. Write today for fall information sent free in plain sealed envelope. BROOKS APPLIANCE CO. MmM'nUcb “Legion of Time," which is, of coarse, first, ‘•Philosophers of Stone" comes second. It was unique—the author. D. L. James, lias really let his imagination roam. That is the type we want mure of. Then—"Seeds of the Dusk” followed very closely by "Men Against the Stars". They were all excellent, so when I say "Below—Abso- lute” was last in merit, it means merely that it was less excellent than the rest. And the cover-! Let me shake your hand via the postal-ways. Now. how about a cover, showing for all time. Earth as seen from the Moon. (Ten to one odds that North and South America are the continents iu the foreground!) Wesso’s illustration for “Men Against the Stars" was the best I've seen since the last poor issue of Astounding. And Jack Binder improves with each mouth—Mark Reinsberg, 430 Surf St., Chicago, 111. Nor “Less science articles.” Dear Mr. Campbell: I don’t write fan letters to movie stars. to radio idols. Nor to magazines. But-1 _ I find myself breaking out with a deep crim- son rash after rending the letter from a gentle- man in Skowhegan, Maine, iu the .rune issue of Astounding. Maybe I’m allergic to criticism of the things I happen to like, but Mr. Avery's dia- tribe gets me down.	__ "Good old days of ’34 and ’37 !” When the unlamented Hawk (’arse chased hither and yon through the universe iu search of the arch-fiend. Wlioozis, aud ended up nowhere. And that was the best that the mag had to offer. More power to Wesso. His "mutant" covers are swell. And the art work on the inside of the magazine has been steadily improving, the past few months. Leave Brass Tacks and Science Discussions where it is, and as it is. What if it is stuck away among the ads? I'd rather have it there, than to have to turn to the ads to finish the story I am reading. I'm naturally lazy, I reckon. I like to finish n story iu one piece, not hunt around among the ads and tag-ends of other stories for the rest of it. When I've finished all the yarns in the book, then I read wliat the other fellow thinks about the preceding issue. And, stealing insidiously into my subconscious, come the ads. I hate 'em, too. Mr. Avery, but 1 read them, just the same, somehow. Oh, yeah. A gentle slam, Mr. Editor. Don t you think that two science articles are a bit too much? If I had my way. they would be con- densed to a quarter-pnge, and stuck in as filler at the end of a story. (As on page !>G, June I should like to cast my ballot with those who enjoyed “Jason Sows Again.” I thought it was just’about tops. But then, this author always rings the bell with me. “Three Thousand i ears was more than O. IC. “Hyperpilosity,” an ex- ceptionally good yarn. "Iszt—Earthman. well- written and interesting. “Tlie Faithful —hm ! —only fair. In the June issue, the story T liked best was “The Legion of Time” by Jack Williamson. Cer- tainly a new departure from the liack-worn. run- of-the-mill time stories. Second best, Manly Wade Wellman's “Men Against the Stars.” Well- man is always good. Third choice. "Three Thou- sand Years." Swell ending of an excellent serial. Fourth choice. Knight’s “Isle of the Golden Swarm." I enjoyed this story as much as any of the others, but if it must be cataloged, I guess I'd rate It fourth. Fifth. Gallun s really outstanding novelette. “Seeds of the Dusk. The base of the story, plant invasion from Mars, is almost identical with a story by Clark Ashton Smith, which appeared in another magazine sev- eral years ago. However, Gallun's treatment of this storv-idea makes it entirely his own. Nice going, Rav. I didn’t like “Below—Absolute! But then. I didn't care for "Quicksilver. Unlim- ited" either. "Philosophers of Stone." Hm ! Not so hot. Story ideas, unlike liqueurs, do not Improve with age. File this story in the cheese section, labeled "Very Old.” Now for my squawk. W hy can t we have some Penton & Blake stories in Astounding. Mr. Campbell? Have the “tbusliol" got 'em, or what? Maybe Editor Campbell is bashful about printing Author Campbell’s stories in his maga- zine. Or sumpin. Please mention this magazine when answering advertisements BRASS TACKS 161 In conclusion : nn orchid to the present regime of Astounding, and an artichoke to chronic kick- ers We've koI a doggone good mag, let’s keep It that way—Russell Morris Wood, 1050 Bayview Avenue. Wilmington, Calif. Mrs. Ley illustrated "Witnesses of the Past”. Dear Mr. Campbell, Time has rolled on, and lo and behold, it is time for my monthly letter. First, a few general remarks. I was exceed- ingly pleased with the cover of the June issue and earnestly hope that this mutant type will become increasingly frequent as time goes on. riierc's only one minor criticism I would like to make and that is this : don't you think that it would have been rather more realistic had Mars been shown in some phase other than full ? A gibbous Mars with the shaded portion just barely seen against the dark background would have been much more startling and effective. 1 would also like to make my suggestion for the next mutant cover. (Everybody seems to be advising you ou that point, so I may as well contribute my two cents.) It is generally con- ceded by one and all that the most beautiful object in the Solar System is Saturn, and conse- quently it would seem that a cover showing the famous rings- as seen from Saturn's surface would be quite distinctive. And now about the stories. There seems to be a dearth of the longer stories. Your "novel- ettes" are often only a page or two longer than the short stories. This is unfortunate as the long complete story (ills an indispensable cavity in the scheme of things. Its length permits the development in more complete detail of the plot and it has none of the elements of discontinuity which mark the serial. I think it wonld be quite easy for you to give us two thirty-page novelettes each month if you wonld give us only one serial at a time. Furthermore, one science article is quite enough, and the ten pages thus saved could quite profit- ably be turned to fictional uses. And now for my ratings for the June Issue- Intended specifically for use in the "Analytical Laboratory”.	, ; 1—"Legion	of Time" (Second Installment) by Jack Williamson. I cannot deny that there hns been a distinct let-down in this installment, which in a measure disappointed me. The scenes (if gory bloodshed I consider quite unnecessary. However, I overlook that fault in view of the general excellence of the plot and of the story (thus far) as a whole. 2—"Isle	of the Golden Swarm” by Norman L. Knight. I could scarcely believe that this fast- moving, clearlv-written, interesting tale was written by the same author who wrote 'Frontier of the Unknown". The latter was boring and long-winded in the extreme. 3—"Philosophers	of Stone” by P. T,. James. The idea behind the plot is what got me in this one. A world of protoplasm ruled by inorganic crystals is novel, to say the least. 4—"Witnesses	of the Past” by Willy Ley. At last we have a science article based on biology. I believe that this is the first one of this type ever to appear in our magazine. Let s have more if you please. The illustrations for the ar- ticle were excellent. Who drew them ? B—"Below—Absolute” by Harry Walton. Not outstanding but satisfactory. Neither of the two novelettes was anything to brag about, hut I would like to congratulate Mr Wellman on the poem which appears on poges 14 and 15. It was a good deal better than the story itself. Lastly, I would like to array myself against what will probably be an overwhelming majority and proclaim from the housetops that I think "Three Thousand Years” unfit to print. It Is not the worst serial I ever read, hut it certainly Is the worst that ever appeared in Astounding. Just to show you what I mean, the rating the June issue received (averaging the ratings of the Individual stories weighted according to length) Is 85% if "Three Thousand Years" Is ignored, but only a bare 57% if it is Included—Isaac Asimov, 174 Windsor Place, Brooklyn, N. T. SNUBBED BECAUSE OF “ADOLESCENT SKIN”? Act now to help keep your blood free of pimple-making poisons Don’t go on being cursed by loathsome pimples. Don’t make others feel ashamed of you or shun you. Find out what’s the matter and correct it. During the period of adolescence, in the years be- tween 13 and 25, important glands are developing. This causes disturbances throughout your body. Waste poisons from the intestines often find their way into the blood . . . and may break out in ugly skin eruptions. You must help free your system of these intestinal poisons. Thousands of young people have solved this prob- lem—Bimply by eating Fleischmann's Yeast. Each cake of this fresh food contains millions of tiny, living plants that act to help you eliminate waste poisons from the body—before they can get into the blood. Your skin becomes clearer and fresher again. Many get remarkable results in 30 days or less. Don’t lose time. Start eating Fleischmann’s Yeast now ... 3 cakes daily, one before each meal. DO YOU WANT a new business profes- sion of jour own with nil the trade you can attend to? Then become a foot correctionist, and in n few we* s earn big income in service fees—not medical, not chi- ropody—easy terms for home training, no further capital needed, no goods to buy, no agency. Estab- lished 1894. Atldrca.i Stephenson Laboratory. 33 Back Bay, Boston, Mass. EN Oct free booklet about Zo-ak Tablets—tho formula of wtll-inewn New York physician created especially for men. Zo-ak contains quick-acting vegetable stimulants plus essential vitamin concm- tratos in adequnto amounts to build up health and strength. /-k for Zo-ak (blue box) at any good druggist, and write for Irea booklet by registered physician. Sent In sealed envelope liy Zo-ak Company. SO Waat 45 St.. Dost. A. New York FINAL SALE RUSH % % ONLY $6.43—Double Action Revolver, coats $12 elsewhere. 22. 82or 88 cal. Nlckol or bluo liniuh. Xrand new. Powerful. i;uarnmocd 6 ycure. Ideal for tartfot practice, 8 to C in. bbl. Jicnd SI with order. Cartridifco freo lor conh in full. Order tod.it/. HOLSTEK $1.60 Extra. W1NEHOLT CO., Boa It WQOOBIHB. PA. I A single application on platen—even lowers—brings aU-dou comfort. Ono application lasts up to 48 hours. A ncur adhesive In cream paste form. Nolhlng else llte Ul More economical than powders. Recommended by dentists. Made by the makers of Stera-Kleeu. Money back If not delighted. FOR FREE SAMPLE writs The Phillips & Benjamin Co., Dcpt.s-g, Waterbury, Conn. GAMBLERS SECRETS EXPOSED Fascinating book gives socrcts of professionals. Ltirn how sou aro beat by Ulco, cards, wheels, Slots and other games of chance. Send tor Interesting doscrlptlvo dotalls and book “How to Play Poker," needed by ovoryono Interested In this groat gamo. Remit 25c tu M-G SALES CO„ Boa 4078. Kansas City. Mo. Raliava Pain In Ft* Minutes NEURITIS To relieve the torturing pain of Neuritis, Rheumatism, Neuralgia, Lumbago in few minutes, get NURITO. the Doctor’s formula. No opiates, no narcotics. Docs the work quickly—must relieve worst pain to your satisfaction in few minutes—or money back at Druggist's. Don’t suffer. Get trustworthy NURITO on this guarantee. Dou’t wait. r Pr,rWprjrn. advertisements BROADCAST thru your rod-,o TALK - SING - PLAY MIDGET POCKET RADIO $1. IVACHT CAPl World's SmolleitCM DID CAM ERA Good-LuckRmi rjarettfeStinltVrs. mgs Mid* caoaeUUr tor home on*. «tUcltrd in m itffy without loo I*. Not a tojk Put an jour ©wn pr^- crmins at hotiui. pactie*. club af- fair*. «te. Birreta «l fun! Ra*» Pri^Onf, 25C Javanese artofa*W-dcl*ne** Sew rrxUiMi of atUck ana doleare riven. Illustrated sffi. ss6aar>sa .iea(r.«t ivvotvrrt. •tnncims. •	rmlocV*. MuDf*. otllU. headlock. holding • mini down, double knea throw ] •	tick attack. difrnv inlml knife. one hand throat amp. aennit two null. an'i. atontach throw with thumb knockout. nerva pinches. and numerous other*. to protect youradf un- dcr Ml clrcumtiancet with niturt'i weapona. Fear no 'S’\F‘S1 T&WSSf r	.1.	m t • i nv	MV'VII uvl liKinatmv oatt.rrwt In th* Uvea of famous Brcadwav hotclia i-lru. Tclltin vivid detail every move U>eyma»e from U<e time the/setup until the time they rotobed. Nothing Uoenittrd. ForDie Brel Umeafamous author uke* you behind the nctnrs auil	you Intimatecthnipie*Into their tccrel*. Conceal* nothin?—4ho r«*l iiwy laid b»»v. Rotd and prvftt. Know what U coin* oil price «0e. CsnjMi,«ni of a Ta.1 Dancer. lOe. I0«	Daugtilcr. !•’ 3 j<_Po*lpald__ Adds. Subtract*. MuNlpbM A Dhfidtt llltf It J new pocket ty* ***'n* laawaeepotite to fe;	JS5?niS?. Ouat* I. thel..luruace.»i their com. inaod to tell the dci«hs of the con- suming paaalon that it rnawinr al U^jr heart.. III. toaoiovTtV*^' of the love.torn Um im< *,..v k^. w,'if ww;i, key* Midget Radio Crystal Radio MagicRadio ewor themeareiiv. The new* eit.»mar*r*t iicv>«iiv-i! > twher. Don't make hcuvi when the D'lisleitarts.Cet lot* of Inn Iren parties or dances. If rouwantfo become a perfect nicer. learn to dance at lUnewewy viv lOOK'tUS *• to d*w)oc> i*lt* a control. POCKET RADIO .V.TKJ, pSSS!.i“'-',Suw,,,'S HeTuUf^l	edrsMnne’ Comolet* In one unit with 'niterle*. tnhe. twitch. Fite In Docttet. I.uten anywhere with rood aer- iai and rround- I'M or. omary ftaahlichldiv cella. ks 'n.zr,v.»s-49 Beautiful mldret mantel ciysiaI radio. No barter. •••. no tube*, no e Receives stations within 21 mile*. Radio complete to u*e. Swell for de«fc. bedside, etc. Loud clear • one. K«'V to hook ue. ^V^Sl7?:.S*-99 Sirplet* _ t r*<*CUO€> withfn 2.'' mites of itatlon. All *«l need la serial 6 phoi>e. Completely *<*r(*bled 4 *lred. Sensitive crystal Reception ararantred. No tube*. no batten**, no eapente. M.i«» a cvnnec .v - Cov > t broadcatt banri wi- ly. 'JJO «.l* Keceotlen. Urlctol hoard cabinet, tun- ln» dial, cllta. conden. •era. raalttor. hook-un Wir<^ wtrlns o'ar'rt’’i». HCA tube. etc. Oon'pln* kit with tube. Fun and educational to build. Lood rart'^nc votume.^j« « a *Y>c« rottp'id gg garpfcon* . .Hf A\ fl i Na" . latest foxtrot umi. /' / S5S ‘st t • ! I 1 .waylinr to muWc. Walla. Back- / / I I VMU ftunr-a, Couiiifnol. I / I I The raroouakLia *TM«^.theMarv' /] / I N«ttax.U>e College RhuniOa.The K,? S5S5ST; ™' . *Sc . akine. SWuf-Wi, fwm»Uw. etc. fiMaacLEaa THROW YOUR VOICE BLANK CARTRIDGE PISTOL RCV04.VTHt~rn r ■ fill 1^ r	50c $i00 W»l!n'adrendef- 'i'IP fcetlw. fjliem- of ed »itorUtctll»t>e B c4 Revolver. A3.	(Wm pearance alone will	WH^u tcare»burz1ar.Ta*f*22Cjl.Blank ipfegA C-arwkl^ej oMalnatileevefywKre. M«W^C8l Great	ajaln.t Uirflar*. tran-iK.,,'^^1.. ifaveituyiliea'ound WftJWl *■'.hoittK.lli'CCf ttLH'hed toother rewil'e»i. Pi.ieftf *t)iof Jniv. Ne'V Tear*. *u*e wc»k. tianmr ptnol. '\C-J"•••>«-«. HHxin Sue. 50c. U>ve »XOO. BlaiO ca'Uidoet SOc per 10O. Mo:«t>r I<o~boy_t»pel KX. ih.p^d hpsutt Co,^ Death Ray Insect Killer tl> U«'t\!and’ ^	,niwrataa for^our^or y ^ IKXIIC.M Pr»iV-'> . Thank and the« placed o chair, couch, v. etc. When the vte •jntu»tecun*ly i *lv»t forth not thatcaniic better • ivlned lbnn,d.»- 1 *c-lbed. rrice. .* -.^incau c,SH'u • Oiploma Watdi It Change Color! a UYE prr ,—-- Get one ot theae noit wonderful of all <r*e- vtear'«5!*onibeoiri'^'l'**' *Jlooj« out It* lontrue to catch met andinae<-ia for food. No trouble to keep. Can «o for months without food. About 4 in. Ion*. Sbip. ocd to wiy addrevi In the U.J.A. tiy mall Uve delivery ourantA.’.l, Pnce . . . •*£». _Add lOe for lapel chain. isi^MiiiiiMpim -)&> A htndaome nnjr. fl n. Y DANCER 13c fMOVIC PROJECTOR t I e c Ole Projector. Hr.i'ht clear picture* «*rt 01m. turn cr»nk »i«l watch picture*. Hvi fla^hliaht ceiu. Bftywa.- s*« fill". t«m. He each. We-lern. Cartoon, etc CAMERA A I OUTFIT Take, develoo * t vour own Dicta Nothin* <M«c nea C-unera lake\ a 2<lVa“ eeoiild turva. Film*, orlr frame. MO*r. ch cala. With full •trucurMv*. >r«ce Poatpald * Telescope Field Glass A BIO BAROAIMI 2 draw. majnif“lnir pocket telescope. Fine for owutoor*. nature ttudv. aoorU. looklnr at moon. etc. Convert. <-<f>e by ualnr *"'oke ate TBla shank of ■ On the be.»cb. at miMuei *>>e» nr par«ie«. oe eve h.'r>ili>e on the wall In tN ma nr an awkward en. fur**'»tlckinir in>"v^ur "skirt* too and evei L fun to"eo Hawaii ir» a kn.ic»uul- REPEATING SUNG SHOT Rriie Pottoaid Only SIOJoVeaAPld-	* rtlra. ?J Trick*. IOPaHorG>nie*.	-V^- - • • vv»J— 73 T<»*i*. i .i	- * * - fTTn ,JF’SS!S'"St 22 Mono- F*» ; - 'j lOtra.2 1 lTirrle* ,A,N—* "	«**- Problem*. Comic recitation*, Fuonv 10 Parlor PatUnea. 13 Flirtation*. t«i>0 »,S“KSh^r"8a rxs DurihAfrhshfft. S’-adn.irraphy. Fortunj Tel ler. Foc«\.r»a with Card*. CryalAl. T«r» Cuo. etc.. Ilfpootiam. Vcntnlonunm. Cutout* for Checkers. Ch-et. Oomlitoe*. Po* and Cee*e. H Men Horrti. Anarranta. 9lt (^rU Tricka. • 1 «C Please mention this magazine when answering advertisements 151.37 If worn rings and cylinders cause your car to be an oil and gas eater —before you spend a lot of money, try Ovrhaul. Give it an opportuni- ty to do for you what it has done for thousands of others. Here are costs of new rings and rebore on a few 1935 models: Cost of Now Rings and Reboro $50.00 62.50 59.20 Make Chevrolet De Soto Dodge Ford $50 to 55.00 Buick	80.00 Cadillac 151.37 Timo of Car Tlo-up 2 days 2 days 2 daya 2 days 2'A days 2 days ENDORSED By Member of Society Automotive Engineers National Aeronautical Assn. Detroit Soc. ol Engineering Pontiac Engineers Club Let ua send you L. H. Smith's com- plete report which shows that the compression of a badly worn 6-cyl- inder motor wab Increased 32.4# and brought back to within .09 points of Its original new car efficiency. Such teeta conclusively prove the aensa- ^^^tiona^nerit^MJvrhaul^^^. MONEY-MAKING TERRITORIES OPEN For Salesmen and Distributors Who Act Quick! Sales ofOvrhaul have been phenomenal. Hundreds of Salesmen and Distributors in the United States and abroad. The biggest money-maker In years. National magazine, newspaper and radio advertising carry the message of Ovrhaul to 18,000,000 car owners. The market has barely been scratched. To wide-awake men we offer opportunity—an opportunity which may never come your way again. A fast selling, repeating article, fully protected by U.S. and foreign patents. Saves motorists millions of dollars, Ovrhaul Sells for Less Than Spark Plugs. Exclusive terri- tories still open—but you must act quick if you want in on this. Phone, Write or Wire TODAY! Let us send you free sample which every salesman is fur- nished for demonstration. Let us show you. with their permis- sion. ACTUAL earnings of our distributors. Let us show you how you can start in this business NOW—before all territories are assigned. The market is there—we have the product—are you the man? Let's find out. Write, phone or wire today. B. L. Mollinger, Pros., OVRHAUL CO,, G-91B Los Angolcs Calif. Nearly a half-million motorists have used this revolutionary method of cutting oil and waste caused by worn rings and cylinders, up to 50% reported. Give your car new power, pep, speed and quiet with this amazing mineral discovered in the Rocky Mountains. Awarded A. T. L. Seal of Approval. Quickly placed through spark plug openings and at a fraction of the cost of new rings and rebore.this amazing mineral fills in and plates worn rings and cylinder walls. Ovrhaul gives your motor Increased compression. Cuts oil consumption, increases gas mileage, adds new power and speed, with other sub- stantial benefits of new rings and rebore. Ovrhaul has been thoroughly tested and proved by Impartial laboratories and great Universities in the United States and abroad. Proved harmless to finest motors. INSTALLED IN 30 MINUTES! Ovrhaul works on the mineral plating principle —No special tools needed. No car tie-up. No dan- ger of ruining motor by grinding cylinder walls— works in while you drive—saves you time and money. Gives you months of extra car use. A single application lasts up to 10,000 miles. SAMPLE FREE! If your car Is wasting oil and gas, before you spend up to $151.37 for new rings and rebore— send your name and address on the coupon below for a free sample of this amazing mineral which expands up to 30 times when heated and full details of a real money-making opportunity. Air mail rcachet us overnight. <fhiiSAMPLE COUPON MAIL THIS COUPON TODAY! B, L. Melllnger, Pres., (Paste on Postcard and viail) Ovrhaul Co., G-918 Los Angeles, Calif. Without cost or obligation, rush me FREE SAM- PLE. Also show me your big money-making plan. Name........................................... Address......................................... City..........................State............. Name and Make of Car................ DDNT BUY RINGS* REBORE IF CAR WASTES OIMAS TAKES PLACE OF NEW RINGS AND REBORE! Miner’s Amazing Mineral Discovery Saves Up to 95% of New Ring and Rebore Costs—If Worn Rings and Cylinders are Wasting Oil and Gas Send Coupon Be- low for FREE SAMPLE BUSINESS GIRL-193S MODEL-Office manager Olive Tucker keeps disarminglv calm despite nerve-nagging phones, buzzers, interviews. "If anyone needs healthy nerves, I do." Miss Tucker smiles. "Camels never upset my nerves.” Later—to the roof gym for a quick work-out. Shower —rub - a Camel—and she’s off again! Tired? Miss Ticker’s answer: "Camels give my energy a refreshing lift.”' Cigarettes may look alike — but what art appealing dif- ference thefe is .in Camels! You'll be interested to read what Miss Tucker, successful young office manager, §aid to Miss MacGregor about the dif- ference between Camels and_ other cigarettes (at right). CopyriKht. .1938- U. J. Rwynolil*. ToWovoCo. Winston-Salem. N. C. "Olive, do you always serve Camels because you feel thai there's a big difference between Camels and other cigarettes ?” MISS TUCKER entertains thoughtfully/ There are lots of Camels around. Miss Tucker says: "Camels are the favorite with my guests and are delightful for topping off a meal. During and after dining, 1 smoke Camels 'for digestion’s sake.’ Camels set me right!" m very glad you’ve brought that question up, Helen. I’ve tried as many kinds of cigarettes as most people, I guess, and I’m amazed at how different Camels are. Camels are extra-mild — the^- ni-ver bother my throat. And Cam- els taste good, yet never leave that ’cigaretty’ after- taste. In so many ways, Camels agree with me.” A matchless blend of finer, MORI: EXPEN- SIVE TOBACCOS—Turkish and Domestic ONE SMOKER '' TELLS ANOTHER CAMELS AGREE WITH ME! /