Hugo Cernsback E<m<» THE GREEN TORTURE By A. R. Hilliard THE RETU^ FROM JUPITER By Caswell Edwards "THE TERROR OF ARYL" By R. F. Starzl "THE SYNTHETIC MONSIEfi^ ancis The Gambler He gambles that a ”lucky break” will come to him in the course of time M OST men live in the HOPE that their “lucky break” will come TOMORROW or NEXT WEEK or NEXT YEAR. They gamble that FATE, some day, some way, will make them rich! They risk their whole lives on what may COME to them in the course of TIME. This is a WORSE form of GAMBLING than gambling for MONEY with a card sharp or a "three shell game” expert. Gambling on what TIME and FATE have in store for you is more costly than any other form of gambling known. You lose MORE than money. You lose your SELF- RESPECT. You lose the self-respect of those about you. And as each year passes your CHANCE to amount to any- thing becomes slimmer and slimmer. You get discouraged. You begin to feel that fate is AGAINST you. You complain secretly about your ill luck. Perhaps you hide your shortcomings behind a whole flock of easy EXCUSES. But the hard, cold world doesn’t care about you. You’Yfl got to look out for YOURSELF. Time alone cannot help you. If it could, EVERY man over 70 would be rich. You cannot COUNT on luck or fate or circumstances. If you could, EVERYBODY would get rich at some time or other. Your life is too precious to waste away WAITING for "some- thing to turn up.” There’s ONE SURE WAY—yes, ONLY one sure way—to •;3t what you want out of life. Nothing can help you but your own BRAIN. Make your brain just a little bit more effective and you will MULTIPLY your earning power. There is NO LIMIT to what the human brain can accomplish. Scientists and psychologists tell us we use only about TEN PER CENT of our brain power. Ninety per cent is unused. It lies dormant. The longer it is unused, the harder it becomes for us to use it For the mind is like a muscle. It grows in power through exercise and use. It weakens and deteriorates with idleness. What can you DO about it? That is the question you are Asking yourself. Here is a suggestion. Spend 2c for a postage stamp. Send in the coupon below for a copy of "Scientific Mind Training.” There is no further obliga- tion whatever. You need not spend another penny. Read this little book. It has opened the eyes of hundreds of thousands of other individuals who had the same problems you lave.Over 700,000?people, in all parts of the world, and in all walks of life have followed the advice given in this booklet. Lords and servants, princes and laborers, captains of industry and clerks, bookkeepers and bankers, men AND WOMEN of all types and of all ages have read this book and have changed their whole icheme of existence as a result. This little book will tell you the secret of self-confidence, of a strong will, of a powerful memory, of unflagging concentration. It tells you how to acquire directive powers, how to train your imagination (the greatest force in the world), how to make quick, Accurate decisions, how to reason logically—in short, how to make your brain an instrument of all-around POWER. It tells you how jto banish the negative qualities like forgetfulness, brain fag, & r S	Jgk 'They're $URE togiveme jrai$e" v inertia, indecision, self-consciousness, lack of ideas, mind wander, ing, lack of system, procrastination, timidity. Men like Judge Ben B. Lindsey, Sir Harry Lauder, Prince Charles of Sweden, Jerome K. Jerome, the famous novelist; Frank P. Walsh, Chairman of the National War Labor Board, and hun- dreds ef others equally famous, praise the simple method of increasing brain .power and thought power described in this frea r book. OVER 700,000 OTHERS PRAISE IT. You have only TWO CENTS to lose by writing for your copy. You may GAIN thousands of dollars, peace of mind, happiness, independence! Thousands who read this announcement will DO NOTHING about it. The effort and the will needed to send for this book— which is FREE—may be lacking. How can these people EVER gain what they hope for, crave for? They are the skeptics, the doubters, the “show me” wiseacres. Other thousands will say, “I can lose only TWO CENTS. I may GAIN a great deal by reading ‘Scientific Mind Training.’ I will send for it NOW. It promises too much for me to RISK MISSING.” The thousands who are open minded—who are willing to learn something to their advantage—will ACT on their impulse to send the coupon. They will be better, stronger minded for having TAKEN SOME ACTION about their lives, even if they do nothing more than to READ a booklet about the inner workings of the mind. For your own sake—and for the sake of your loved ones, don’t continue to GAMBLE that your future will be bright whether or not you DO anything about it! Mail the coupon today —NOW. THE PELMAN INSTITUTE OF AMERICA Suite 2253, 71 West 45th Street, New York City Offices in London, Paris, Stockholm, Delhi, Durban and Melbourne The Pelman Institute of America Suite 2253, 71 West 45th Street, New York City Please send me without obligation your free booklet, “Scientific Mind Training.” This does not place me under any obligation and no salesman is to call on me. Name_______________________^.................................•.............................. Address. City.......... Sta-w.. BONDER STORIES 1057 You Can Have a Good Stories THE MAGAZINE OF PROPHETIC FICTION March, 1931 TABLE OF CONTENTS THE RETURN FROM JUPITER by Gawain Edwards (In Two Parts—Part 1)_____________________1062 Three worlds, one desolate and one dying, struggle for existence in this great interplanetary drama, . , . will the master planet triumph and a race be for- ever enslaved . . . THE WORLD WITHOUT NAME by Edwin K. Shat_________________1092 In that nameless world the hordes of monsters began to pour through to the earth . . . three men stood in their way . . . THE TERRORS OF ARYL by R. F. Starzl ________________________________1102 Beset by perils of strange beasts and an avenging nature, the Interplanetary Police struggled on through this unknown planet ... BACK TO 20,000 A. D. by Nathan Schachner and Arthur L. Zagat_______1120 Undefeated was the Great Drain until two men from 1932 plunged into the Van- ishing Wood . , . THE SYNTHETIC MONSTER .by Francis Flagg____________________1152T Tortured dreams, filled with unseen terrors beset him . . . faces and noises in the dark . . . tracks of the Thing that was in hiding . . . THE GREEN TORTURE by A. Rowley Hilliard __________________________________.1162 For fifty hours he must withstand the menace of the merciless machine ... moving . . . ever moving ... FROM OUT OF THE EARTH by Ed Earl Repp_________________1168 Unbelievable was his story ... a price on his head . . . the lust of greed in his pursuers as he staggered through Death Valley . . . WHAT IS YOUR SCIENCE KNOWLEDGE?______________1185 SCIENCE QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS__________________1186 THE READER SPEAKS—Letters from Readers______________________1188 ON THE COVER from A. R. Hilliard’s “Green Torture" we see the merciless pur- suing machine cornering the war captiv®, who will not divulge the secret of his army to his enemies. For fifty hours he must escape the death-dealing pricks of the luminescent spikes. Jh?NwBrtm0aIES7JMoolv1,rli!!Tt®rev ,s *5cond elaL‘ “alt0J ‘n WONDER STOKIES la Tor tale it principal newsstand! In the .0ff,C8 Nevr York N- * ■ under Mt of March *• United States and Canada. ropyrlghta b/* permission*' a?' Ganublu*° PubUcaUoo^Ync *98	1F *0U W,8H T0 SUBSCRIBE to WONDER STORIES, make Par^ Place, New Y*rt CHty, owner of ^ trad^mart rlghu	out nmWince. to the Stellar Publishing Corp. Be jure to Copyright, 1931 by (iernsback Publications Inc Text and 11-	mention the uame of magazine you wish to subscribe for. as lustrations of this ’m&S£»mwSHjm«at S? re-	«	WONDER nrndnrAd wlthnnf rw>rm1ai!nn Af ihn nnovritrhf fwnora	price or wnicn IX In© same an WONL/JSn orv/Kir^a, ana iw WONDER*^8TOU‘l^lsMpubliIhed%nC XU8rdT*the preceding	BONDER STORIES QUARTEIU.T MbjMbil can be S°nDnUe! SSTJF 1UW fUlg"	“«ed c.VrTte^Ask tPJSnSX? Bup&tol firtVh COtnrtrles? $8.00 a year Single copies 25c.	#Bd 6 8	current Issue. WHEN VOUR SUBSCRIPTION EXPIRES we Address all contributions for publication to Editor, WONDER	enclose a renewal blank In the last number. No subscription STORIES, 96-98 Park Place, Now York. Publishers are not	continued unless renewal remittance receded, fdsponslblo for lost MSS. Contributions cannot be returned un-	CHANGE OB' ADDRESS. Always give us old as well as new lest authors remit full postage.	address and notify us as far in advance ai possible. STELLAR PUBLISHING CORPORATION H. GERNSBACK, Pres.	S. GERNSBACK, Treas.	I. S. MANHEIMER, Sec’y. Editorial, Publication and General Offices. 96-98 Park Plaae. New York City. Chicago Advertising Representative—L. f. McClure. 737 North Michigan Ave. London Agent: Hachette & Cle..	Paris Agent: Hachette & Cte.. Australian Agents: McGill's Agonoy, 3 La Belle Sauvage, Ludgate Hill, E. C. 4	ill Rue Reaumur	179 Elizabeth St., Melbourne -1058- WONDER STORIES 1059 Just as EASYas it looks to become a popular musician this delightful, simple as A~B~C way STOP cheating yourself out of musical good times. Stop think- ing that learning music J3 nothing but one grinding session of monotonous exercises and harsh- Bounding scales after another . . . days, months and years of difficult technique and dry-as-dust theory un- der the thumb of a private teacher. Don’t let others talk you into be- lieving any such thing. It’s ridicu- lous—absolutely 1 And we’ve al- ready proved it to the complete sat- isfaction of over 600,000 enthusias- tic students who have learned to play their favorite instrument right at home—without a teacher. “ You’re Never in Hot Water Tako a look at the above diagram. Looks easy, doesn’t it? Well, it’s every bit as simple as it looks. First a note—then a letter. Plenty of dear instructions tell you how each bar is played—lots of diagram pictures show you how, then you do it your- self and hear it. # Everything to make learning a joy. Nothing to make you lose patience. No	__ headaches. In fact,	PICK YOUR the U. S. School of	INSTRUMENT Music has made tho reading and playing of music so downright simple that you don't have to know one note from another to begin. Play Real Tunes From the Start Your first thrill comes with your very first lesson. For you are given a piece with a real melody to play by Piano Oman Ukulele Cornel Trombone Piccolo Guitar Violin Clarinet Flute Saxophone Harp Mandolin ’Cello Hawaiian Steel Guitar Sight Singing Piano Aceordion Italian and German Aceordion Voice and Speech Culture Harmony and Composition Drums and Traps Automatic Finger Control Banjo (Plectrum. 5- String or Tenor) Juniors’ Piano Course actual notes. Dreamy waltzes, heart-throbbing ballads, stirrine marches, sparkling sonatas, restful etudes follow in short order. No standing still. Progress is rapid. In this way, you become a capable performer months sooner than you could ever expect to the old-fashioned way. Yet, no matter what instru- ment you select, the cost of learning is tho same—just an average cost of only a few cents a day. Not only that, you receive all the music you need at no extra cost. With every lesson comes a specially selected and graded piece, which is yours to keep, enjoy and play to your heart’s content. Play the “Blues” Away How can you be content to sit around at party after party and listen to others do all the playing— hear them receive all the compliments —see them showered with admira- tion, attention, invitations—when your lifelong ambition to become a popular musician is now so easy to realize. Get in the musical “swim” •yourself. Watch the singing, happy crowds gather around you aB you play the latest syncopation. Experi- ence the personal satis- faction that comes from being able to play “when,” “where” and “what” you like for your own amusement and the entertain- ment of others. Don’t be afraid to begin your lessons at once. Over 600,000 people learned to play this modem way—and found it as easy as A-B-O. Forget that old-fashioned idea that you need special "talent.” Just read the list of instruments in the panel, decide wbieh one you want to play, and the U. S. School will do the rest. And bear in mind, no matter which instrument you choose, the cost in each case will average the same — just a few cents a day. No matter whether you are a mere beginner or already a good performer, you will be interested in learn- ing about this new and wonderful method. Send for Our Free Book and Demonstration Lesson Our wonderful illustrated Free Book and our Free Demonstration Lesson explain all about this remarkable method. They prove just how anyone tan learn to play his favor- ite instrument by note in almost no time and for just a fraction of what old, slow methods cost. The booklet will also tell you all about the amazing new Automatio Finger Control. Head the list of instruments to the left, decido which you want to play, and the U. S. School of Music will do the rest. Act NOW. Clip and mail this coupon today, and the lascinating Free Book and Free Demonstration Lesson will be sent to you at once. No obligation, instru- ments supplied when needed, cash or credit. U. S. School of Music, 503 Brunswick Bldg., New York City. U. S. SCHOOL OF MUSIC, 503 Brunswick Bldg., New York City. Please send me your free book. "Music Lessons in Your Own Home" with intro- duction by Dr. Frank Crane. Free Demon- stration Lesson and particulars of your easy payment plan. I am interested in the fol- lowing course: Have you ___instrument f -- Name Address _ City - 1060 WONDER STORIES COUPON Fully Illustrated by the famous Paul 300 Pages " 700 YEARS HENCE! A CLASSIC IN SCIENCE-FICTION MR. HUGO GERNSBACK, Editor of WONDER STORIES, herewith presents in book form his famous story—RALPH 124C 41J--& romance of the year 2660. This story originally ran in MODERN ELECTRICS, one of Mr. Gernsback’s magazines; there are only a limited number of copies of this book available at present. This book is the fore- runner of all modern science fiction stories and contains more novjel ideas, more future inventions (some of which have already come true) than any book of its kind that has ever been published. It is science fiction plus. A pion- eer in the electrical and radio field, Hugo Gerns- back has a profound knowledge of the subjects, coupled with a finely trained and highly imag- inative mind. This un- usual combination has enabled him to fore- shadow with almost unbelievable accuracy some of the more re- cent developments. His earlier predic- tions, which have appeared from time to time during the past decade in many newspapers and magazine*, are now realities. Every prophecy is based on accurate scienti- fic knowledge. Hi* ideas are no more fantastic than the realities and com- monplaces of our everyday life would have been to our ’Sfettfc grandfathers. So many WON- DER STORIES readers have asked us if this story can still be secured ia book form, that we had a lim- ited number re- printed. as the book waa oat of print. AVIATION PUBLICATIONS,	WS-331 245 Greenwich Street, New York, N. Y. Gentlemen: Enclosed find $2.00, for which please eend me prepaid one copy of RALPH 124C 41 this book to be autographed by Hugo Gernsback. Street--------------------------------- City and State____________________________ IF YOU ORDER AT ONCE MR. HUGO GERNSBACK WILL AUTOGRAPH THE BOOK FOR* YOU The book is illustrated throughout by Paul, the well-known artist. There are quite a number of these famous illustrations. The book is large sire 7% in. x 5% in., beautiful cover, bound in regulation linen, with a 4-color jacket. There are 3(M) pages. We urge you to order this book at onoe as it prob* ably will not be reprinted again for many years. AVIATION PUBLICATIONS 245 Greenwich St., New York, N. Y. VOLUME 2 No. 10 MARCH 1931 , , . . Prophetic Fiction is the Mother of Scientific Fact • • . Hugo Gernsback, Editor-in-Chief DAVID LASSER, Managing Editor	FRANK R. PAUL, Art Editor C. P. MASON, Associate Editor WONDERS OF THE FUTURE By HUGO GERNSBACK gpgeags^T SEEMS almost impossible to IIcEeJ SKeffl rea^iz€ that t*16 application of ipifl electricity has been practicable *or 0 y a ^^tle over a hundred years. ^ *s true that f°rce jSsagaal known as electricity has been in existence in some form as long as the earth itself, and even long before that—in fact for billions upon billions of years. But the fact remains, nevertheless, that electricity a» we know it today in the role of a servant to mankind, dates back a little over a hundred years. While the ancients knew something about static electricity, such as that pro- duced by rubbing amber with a piece of cloth, and while they also knew something about magnetism, as manifested by the lode- stone, yet the two forces were not thought of -as co-related at all, and none of the ancients, in their wildest dreams, could have imagined the wonders of modern or “galvanic" elect- ricity, which now practically rules our very lives. Yet the forces themselves—that is, elect- ricity and its sister magnetism—were always everywhere, about us. The earth had its electromagnetic field; the sun was shooting huge quantities of electromagnetic energy down on us; and there were very many evi- dences of this power all around us, such as lightning, the Aurora Borealis and other manifestations—but no one recognized and identified them. There is, of course, no good reason to be- lieve that there are no remaining unrecog- nized forces. There may be a score of other kinds of energy which our present instru- ments have no means of detecting, pervading all nature. Gravitation, for instance, is one of these forces that is everywhere present. What has 1061 been suspected by far-visioned scientists is now about to become true in a practical way; because of what Einstein has already tried to demonstrate with his new field theory— that gravitation and electromagnetism are fundamentally one and the same thing. Of course, today we know only the external phen- omena of gravitation, and we are just as powerless to overcome it as the ancients were to harness lightning. If the two forces— electromagnetism and gravitation—are fin- ally merged into one, it may then be possi- ble to construct a gravitation generator, just as we are building electric generators and dynamos today. It may then be possible to make gravitation useful to humanity, and even conduct it through long wires or direct it through space, just as we do with the electrical current today. Of course, the possibilities of discovery do not by any means stop here. There are pro- bably, a great many other unknown forces which may some day be made useful to» humanity if we come to recognize them. We know that, with our restricted senses, we are in no position today to perceive even a fraction of what goes on around us. Very recently, indeed, have we found a new form of energy, which may prove to be a tre- mendously useful one. I refer, of course, to the cosmic rays, which are evidently an indication of some strange phenomena of nature that, in time to come, we may know better. Presumably, the cosmic ray itself belongs to the electromagnetic spectrum and, if so, in time it may be made of service to humanity. But, as yet, we are as far away from the solution of these problems as the ancients were from the modern utilization of elect- ricity. A Sequel to “The Rescue from Jupiter”* showing the destruction of one world and the reclaiming of another FAR out in the black and icy void that separates Jupiter (called Pleida) from his nine satellites, a spark of light was traveling through the darkness—a tiny mite of illumination, trailing behind it a fiery train, like some furious, diminutive comet off its course. Through airless space it was hurrying, making its way toward Neina, the largest of his habitable moons. It was a space- car, long, swift, gleaming in the pale light of the distant sun like a cartridge of stain- less steel. On either side was a row of round portholes through which the occu- pants could look out into space. At the nose a huge lens gleamed dully, a lens that appeared capable of, sending a beam of light to illuminate the way ahead. But no light was coming from it now ex- cept the reflected light of the sun. The glow that revealed this swiftly passing car- riage of space in the darkness through which it passed came from the rocket tubes that propelled it. Along its sides they ran in bundles of five and seven, from a point near the nose to the tail. They poured out their *The “Rescue from Jupiter99 appeared in the February and March 1930 Science Wonder Stories. Back issues are available at twenty-five cents each. 1062 by Gawain Edwards Illustrated by Paul Winging their way into the air, as well as from the ground the embattled citizens of Neina started their attack! energy behind the car in flaming streams, too brilliant to look upon with unshielded eyes. Near the nose was the cabin that housed the controls. Three men handled the de- tails of the craft’s motion, charting a course through the six directions of space as it threaded its complex path from planet to satellite. They were constantly busy with the' task, applying more power in one quar- ter, checking it off in another, swinging the machine to correct every deviation. There was good reason for their preoccu- pation for the tensest moments of the jour* ney were at hand. The time had come when the influences of the central planet and its satellite tended to counterbalance each other, leaving the rocket in its fall to the mercy of the sun’s mightier attraction. Nothing could save her from being piilled completely from her path at this point and plunging out of control through five hundred million miles of space into the flaming heart of the sun except the skill of the pilots and their supply of power. Despite this critical time, the young man at the rocket’s bridge—the fourth person in the control ‘ cabin—paid little attention to 1064 WONDER STORIES the maneuvering of the craft. He paced back and forth, troubled, impatient. “Are we making all she will stand?” he inquired for the twentieth time. A lieutenant, looking up from his dials for an instnt, nodded affirmatively. “We cannot alter her course or speed now,” he said. “We are at the critical point. We must slack her away to make a landing. To proceed otherwise would mean a crash.” He spoke respectful- ly, for the man at the bridge was Alius Marce, the courageous, impetuous, not always wise son of the house of Alius, erstwhile commander of the arm- ies of independence of the four habitable sat- ellites. The lieutenant knew well the cause of his commander’s per- turbation. Through- out the journey he had put every ounce of power possible behind the rocket; had sped through enormous dis- tances at rates possible only to the swiftest craft of the Neinians, the long, new military ships designed under the direction of the two visitors from the old planet Tellus, the Earth. Nevertheless, the pace had not been fast enough for Alius Marce. Each passing moment saw his hope	, for Neinian independ- ence fading. He beheld in his mind’s eye how the hordes of squat folk from Jupiter, which they called Pleida, would soon again rule the graceful peoples of Neina and the Satellites. There was only a chance—a desperate chance—But could he make it . a . . 'T'HIS masterly sequel to "The Rescue From Jupi- ter” deals with great stir- ring events of three worlds. The "Rescue” left many im- portant questions to be an- swered. Would the earth remain a barren and lifeless world with its two lone sur- vivors as guests of the peo- ple of Neina, satellite of Jupiter? What would be the relations between the Neinians and the Jovians— and finally what would our Neinians do if they discov- ered that their world would soon be uninhabitable? Here is a story just filled with thrilling events and stirring deeds. W e see great heroism on one side, cowardice and despair on another. We see a world enslaved and another made free. As usual Mr. Ed- wards tells his story with restraint, yet in a powerful and dramatic way. H e whirls us through space hundreds of millions of miles, whirls us back, shows us through his words the upheavals that are let loose when vicious and depraved men set out on conquests of greed and hatred. Alius Marce trembled inwardly when he thought of that one expedient by which the satellites might gain freedom forever from the tyrant. A grisly expedient, a ghastly plan—if only— “Did you see the long lines of Neinians enslaved?” he demanded of his aides, feed- ing his wrath against the Pleidans by re- calling their outrages. The lieutenant look- ed up grimly, nodded. “Thousands of them,” Marce went on. “They flaunted them at us! I can see them now—Neinian women, children, men who. had been tortured until they no longer bore resemblance to any- thing but Pleidan beasts. Forced to work in the uranium mines, the platinum mines; maimed, starved, dis- eased ! ” THE lieutenant has- tened to calm him. “But what could you do? Our allies—” “Our allies!” Alius Marce gestured with anger and exasperr-^ tion. “They bartered their birthright — for what? For the free- dom of their few en- slaved, in order that they might all be made victims of Pleida. The allies! Now we know how little they can mean to us—how little they have ever meant to us. Neina stands alone!” They could see the growing image of the satellite beneath them, dead ahead. It had been large as an apple, then like a dinner- plate. Now it had begun to take on,char- acter; to become a spinning earth before their eyes, a globe upon which people lived, THE RETURN FROM JUPITER 1065 worked, sought freedom and happiness. Alius Marce’s eyes were filled for a mo- ment with moisture as he beheld and recog- nized it. Neina, which the Pleidans con- temptuously called Noninus—this satellite that was itself larger than the planet Mer- cury and nearly as large as the planet Mars, warmed as was Pleida by internal fires, green on the surfaces of its contin- ents, its oceans filled with heaving water, its people tall, stately, white and winged. In the heavens he could make out now another of the satellites. Quena, which was as large as the Tellurian moon and also in- habited. Somewhere in this vicinity in space was also the warlike satellite Hel- va—little Helva whose brave struggle against the despots of Pleida had all but depopulated her; whose people were now weary of war and eager for peaceful counsel, however false. Alas for Helva, Quena, Luana— they were now in the hands of the enemy. The court of Dolmician would have its way with them. But Neina still held out. They could discern the continents of their be- loved world, the mountain chains, the oceans and large lakes. The swift rocket-car was already slipping into the first of its braking ellipses, the concentric rings of flight that would bring her closer and closer to the surface until it was safe to land. Alius Marce was swept by alternate waves of eagerness and dread. His people; how would they take this news? His fath- er; he would be seriously affected by the blow that had been dealt them in the con- ference on Pleida! He strode back and forth, back and forth in the cabin. Neina seemed so close that they might almost reach out and touch her; yet she was far away from them still as measured in the time that must yet elapse before they had slowed sufficiently to land. Alius Marce was too expert himself in the guidance of rocket-craft to interfere with the course selected by his engineers. A tiny slip now might be fatal to all of them, and to Neina’s hope for ultimate independence as well. It was Alius Marce alone who had the desperate plan that might succeed. The Neinians must not lose courage; they must not give up! “Perhaps we can reach them from here on the radio beam,” he said. “We must make a good contact before we say anything; we must make sure that our beam is not dif- fused. No one must hear what we have to say now except my father and the heads of the families of Neina.” An aide pressed a sig- nal button above his head. Alius Marce strode aft toward the radio cabin, where two men worked with their apparatus. For several minutes nothing happened, then one of the operators looked up, smil- ing. “We have the pal- ace at Ancienda,” he an- nounced. “Who is there?” In response to the com- mander’s question a screen lighted up. Alius Marce beheld three per- sons in a room, the obser- vation gallery atop the palace tower. They were his father, head of the house of Alius, and the two Tellur- ians, Nina and her father, the only surviv- ing natives of Earth. The young man’s eyes passed from one to the other of them as the operators worked to bring the image into better focus, to narrow their communication beam, excluding all in- terference. He saw that much of what he was hastening to tell them they already knew, either by guessing it from the speed of his flight or by other observations. Through the curved roof of the gallery a huge telescope projected into the heavens, and upon a screen in the room Alius Marce beheld a picture of that portion of the sky GAWAIN EDWARDS 1066 WONDER STORIES toward which the Neinian telescope pointed. With increasing foreboding he perceived that they had been watching his fast flight through space from Pleida. They had also seen something that had escaped him. At the surface of distant Pleida a great space- fleet was already gathering—an army of invasion such as had never before in the history of the planet been concentrated for the subjugation and punishment of a single satellite. The impressiveness of the preparations were apparent even at that great distance, revealed through the huge telescope. Al- ius Marce saw on the screen of the observa- tion gallery, as reflected to him by televi- sion from Neina, that the armies of the in- vaders were already marching stormily on the surface of the planet, converging upon mobilization centers like long trains of in- distinguishable insects returning to their burrows. Part of the prodigious transport fleet the Pleidan army was already assem- bled at these mobilization centers, ready to receive the recruits and bear them to Neina when the signal came. "I Have a Plan” THE telescope had also mirrored some- thing else*: hundreds of fighting ships of new design, shimmering wasps of the air and space, on maneuvering flights above the planet’s surface, testing their equipment. When Alius Marcus saw them he gasped. The Pleidans had new ships like those of Neina. Someone among the allies had al- ready given away the secret of the Tellur- ian power! In the airless miles above the planet’s shell they were practicing like droves of broadwinged birds, their swift paths marked by tiny rivulets of fire. The young commander shuddered invol- untarily, remembering sights that had met his eyes on Pleida only a few hours before. Behind all this movement and display he saw the sullen, sinister purpose of the em- peror of the planet, Dolmician, the squat tyrant to whom mercy was unknown, whose only interest in the satellites was to conquer and enslave them. Alius Marce saw that he was not alone in his foreboding. As the images of the three persons in the observation gallery brighten- ed, became refined and clear, he saw that the countenance of his father was heavy, troubled, showing lines of strain and sleep- lessness. The old man from Tellus was preoccupied, no doubt with some invention or investigation upon which he was work- ing. The Tellurian was the greatest of scientists, begrudging every moment spent away from his laboratory, yet nobody in all Neina knew on what he was working. But Alius Marce’s eyes lighted when he at length beheld Nina, most beautiful of the last generation of Earth. Nina, for whose rescue he had risked his life and the safety of his satellite. He saw her smiling at him. Her lips moved in thankfulness at his near- ness and his escape from the dangers of the Pleidan conference. He could see her speak, though there was as yet no sound accom- panying the movement of her lips. “Is the beam ready?” he asked impa- tiently.	« The chief operator threw a switch. A bank of yellow tubes suddenly glowed. “It is ready now,” he said. In a second Alius Marce heard distant r voices. Gradually they grew more distinct. They had established communication at last with the satellite. He must now speak quickly, telling them what to do. His father seemed to step forward in the distant room, toward him. “My boy,” he said, “what is it? We have waited for you.” Alius Marce’s eyes grew misty for a mo- ment at the pathos and resignation in the old man’s voice, but he could not hesitate to tell the truth, when Neina’s fate hung by a thread. “Father,” he said quickly, “Neina has been betrayed. Our allies have deserted us, our hard-fought victories have turned to de- feat, and Neina must stand alone for free- dom or give up to a slavery more fright- ful than any ever visited upon the satel- lite!” He saw the old man quail as if he had been dealt a body blow. “Betrayed!” He repeated the word hollowly. “For what?” “For the release of their prisoners in the THE RETURN FROM JUPITER 1067 Pleidan mines. Dolmician met us osten- sibly to talk ol peace. Craftily he seated us so that we might see the prisoners as they herded them from the grisly metal works before us. They saw us, fell down in the dust to plead with us, crying out for liberty, rest or death. Torn as they were by war, the leaders of the allies were unable to stand the sight. “They fell to bargaining, and Dolmician made them great promises—double-mean- ing promises if they would sign pacts with him for continued federation. In vain I pleaded with them, my father. They would not—could not see that freedom for themselves and us was worth more than the lives of a few miserable slaves. We had beaten Dolmician, yet with his crafty play- ing upon our emotions he tricked them in- to throwing it all away—” “But you?” asked his father hoarsely. “You held out?” “I did. He flaunted the Neinian cap- tives at me. He caused swordsmen to come before us and cut them down, and to inflict unspeakable tortures upon them before my eyes. Still I would not yield, though the cries of the wretches will ring in my ears until my dying days. “ ‘Dolmician,’ L said, ‘I come to make an end to war, but you compound the injury, (-shall withdraw, and if my allies do not join, then Neina alone will resist you!’ “He laughed like a demon. ‘Your allies will not come,’ he declared. ‘Their blood is turned to milk by the leprous scabs upon the backs of their countrymen. And you, too, had better sign my pacts with me, or all of your race shall perish in the mines!’ “‘And if I sign?’ I asked. He smiled craftily, ‘Why then, of course I’ll release these fools, but you will pay tribute as will the other satellites in platinum and uranium from your own mines. Produce it by free labor or slavery as you will, I will wring enough of it from all of you to support our population without labor for the rest of the planet’s days!’ “It was then, my father, that I rose and brought the business to an end. ‘You are a fat pig!’ I shouted at him within hearing of all the princes of his realm, and as quick- ly as possible I boarded the space-car and took off for Neina, while behind me, even before we had started the rockets, we heard rumble of preparations for invasion and war.” The head of the house of Alius was sud- denly regal, erect. He was a flaming taper of wrath against the brutal Pleidans, an old wax candle but nevertheless a strong one, alight with anger, desperation and love for his people. Alius Marce, from his ship in space, saw it and rejoiced. “Call together at once the heads of all tha houses of Neina,” he said. “By the time they have arrived I shall have alighted. We will tell them the truth; they must under- stand that this is to be the bitterest war Neina has ever seen. I have a plan—” his eye fell momentarily upon the old man from Tellus, who was still wrapped up in his own secret thoughts—“that may save us—a des- perate plan, but one that will work!” “In the meantime,” replied the head of the house of Alius, “we shall begin a new mob- ilization. When the ships of Dolmician reach Neina they will learn that there is vigor in this dying satellite still!” “Dying satellite?” The old man’s eyes fell momentarily. “A slip of the tongue, Marce—but never- theless— Well, it is of no consequence now!” “Freezing satellite,” murmured the old man from Tellus, speaking his first words in many minutes? Nina heard him. Alius Marce saw her clutch his arm. “What are you talking about?” he de- manded. “It is nothing, Alius Marce!” “Nothing is important now, Marce,” de- clared Nina tenderly, her warm eyes upon him through the cold miles of space that separated them, “except that you come quickly and safely, to lead your people!” SOMETHING was wrong with the com- munication apparatus. The images blurred. A tube snapped; the screen went black. The voices died to a murmur, went out. Alius Marce found himself staring at the empty square through which he had just been transported, so it had seemed, to 1068 WONDER STORIES the observation gallery of the palace at Ancienda. He turned angrily to the opera- tors, but they were already at work trying to find the difficulty. “Some new interference,” said one. “Someone tapped in; blew out our circuit. I never knew it to behave like this before!” Alius Marce went out of, the room fur- iously, filled with strange fears and impul- ses. “Something is wrong on Neina,” he declared. “Can we go down no quicker?” The lieutenant shook his head. “Not un- less you wish to take a long chance,” he said. “We might be lucky—” Marce saw what he meant. He glanced out of the window, trying to estimate their speed, the distance to the satellite, all the variables that might affect their course. “If there is a chance—let us descend!” he ordered impetuously. “Plunge the ship obliquely into the sea. She is a staunch craft. We can ride it out!” The man at the forward wheel saluted without comment. The blasts of the rocket tubes at the rear diminished, heightened, diminished. The rocket-ship yawed over. The world beneath them seemed to reel and twist. It came dashing upward at a fur- ious rate. “Slacken away there. Put on the rock- ets at the nose!” The grim, sweating aides threw a long lever forward, preserving their balance per- ilously as they did so. There was a burst of’ heat. Streams of fire flew upward past them from the nose as they plunged down- ward through the clouds of flame shot for- ward by the concealed tubes. The ship was enveloped in a fury of fire as the speed de- creased. Blood pounded in their temples. “Arid now—the sea!” A warning bell sounded clamorously. The mechanics came swarming forward from the fuel reservoirs and the pumps, seeking their hammocks against the shock they knew was in store for them. The officers lashed themselves to spring-mounted stanchions at their posts. Alius Marce glanced once more at his satellite, his world. The water was beneath them, rising at a terrific rate. How fast this face came up toward them—this ocean’s blue-green, friendly face! He fastened himself into his own ham- mock. Seconds passed that seemed like hours. To their ears now came a faint, shrill whis- tle; the rushing sound of the atmosphere as it passed over the rocket-car’s gleaming sides. Despite the cooling pipes imbedded in every wall the heat grew intense. Then they felt the crash. Where there had been fire there was now a tremendous cloud of white steam. ^'Their course had brought the rocket down so that it barely skimmed the surface. Over the top of the water they skipped like a boy’s skimmer, the shining craft sending up spurts of hot vapor from its glistening sides. At that speed each wave was like a solid wall. CHAPTER II The Tellurian’s Secret A PORTION of the palace of Alius at Ancienda had been set aside for the exclusive use of the visitors from Tellus. In this part, amid the graceful ornamenta- tion with which the Neinians loved to sur- round themselves, the old man and Nina waited while Alius Marce, rescued from the ocean by swift ships, sought private audience with his father. The Tellurian patriarch, with the quiet humility that had attracted the Neinian populace to him from the first, had with- drawn voluntarily from the observation gal- lery, knowing that Alius Marce would wish to confer with the head of the House of Al- ius before going before the council of elders on the matters that confronted the satellite. “Nina,” he said when they had reached their own chambers, “We are homeless wan- derers in the universe, and whether you would have it so or not, our welcome here depends primarily upon what we have to give in return.” She looked at him quizzically. “The peo- ple of Neina have treated us royally,” she observed. The old man was silent for a moment, re- flecting. “That is true,” he conceded. THE RETURN FROM JUPITER 1069 **They made life possible for us when w8 were about to gasp our last breath, and we cannot complain on any score concerning their attitude toward us on this satellite— and yet—■** He seemed to wander in his thoughts. Nina, used to him, was nevertheless per- turbed by his increasing preoccupation. She knew that he had passed his time since their arrival on Neina in almost ceaseless re- search, 'either in his laboratory or in the mountain fissures that split the satellite deeply in the regions once worried by earth- quakes, but now quiet. Part of what he had learned in these studies had been disclosed to her, filling her with uneasiness, but most of it was Still a secret known only to the old man himself. As to what he had been at work upon in his laboratory she had no idea. That part of their quarters he had reserved strictly to himself. But now, following a brief interval of quiet, he rose and took her by the hand. “I do not know why,” he began, “but I feel that our peaceful existence of the last few months here is at an end. Whether this end is a matter that concerns us two alone, or whether it portends terrible things for the satellite as well, I cannot tell. “But Nina, I have this to say: Alius Marce is an upright young man. Into his hands I can commend you with faith in your fu- ture happiness. As for myself—I am an old man who has seen much—too much—” She perceived that his eyes were burn- ing brightly, feverishly. “You must not ex- cite yourself so,” she said. “You are upset, as we all are, by the knowledge that this war the Neinians fought so assiduously and which they thought won, is not finished.” The old man replied gravely. “That is partly true, and yet it was not such a sur- prise to me. I have studied the full history of a planet”—he paused almost impercep- tibly—“that was a battlefield throughout its time. I have learned that war is never finished; I have also learned that no ques- tion, no matter how important or how tri- vial, was ever settled by war.” “Yet you would not deny the Neinians the right to fight when their independence is threatened?” The Tellurian grew thoughtful. “I knew a nation that fought bitterly for freedom and won it—only to enslave itself—” Nina shrugged her shoulders impatiently, thinking of Alius Marce and his words to her, of the hours they had spent together, of the bright future that both had hoped for when this frightful struggle with Pleida should end. “Nevertheless,” she said, “if the war is not over we will continue to fight, and the Neinians will win their victory through the war machines you have taught them to build from your Earth science. Neina must be free, and Alius MarCe, before all others, will lead his people to liberty!” Her father paused in his thinking to look at her. “You are a Neinian already!” he exclaimed. She threw back her head proudly. “Yes,” she said. “I am the betrothed of Alius Marce, and shall be queen of Neina.” “My child—alas for the queen of Neina —when Neina is no more!” “Father—what do you mean?” Silently, as if he had not heard her, the old man moved about the room. The doors were closed against)the world; nevertheless they could hear through the hangings of the apartment the rushing sounds of many ex- cited feet in the halls, the faint, far-away shouts of people in the streets and in the great plaza, the tumultous arrival of the heads of the great houses of Neina. The patriarch paused to listen to these manifes- tations of the national crisis, dismissed them from his mind, resumed his aimless putter* ing. AT length he turned and came back to Nina, who had been standing through- out his talk and subsequent pantomime like one who is struggling on the verge of some half-remembered thought. “I do not know how much longer we will be left alone,” he said gently. “I wish to show you something before we are inter- rupted, Nina.” He took her by the hand, and together they walked to the huge doors that guarded his private laboratory. He pressed the lock; the portal was opened by an invisible, silent 1070 WONDER STORIES mechanism that responded to his will. They walked through into the domed rooms beyond. Nina was struck with the strange- ness of what she saw. About the walls were work benches. At the rear a furnace glowed dully, ready to be stoked into raging heat at the turn of a key. The place was filled with glass tubes, bulbs, misshapen metal, discarded articles that littered the floor. But dominating all was a huge machine that occupied the middle of the laboratory, mounted upon a platform that accentuated its bigness, made it seem something like a sleeping monster. At first Nina thought it some new, weird instrument of war that her father had de- vised for the use of the Neinans. Atop it, partly protected by a bright metal shield, was the hugest of the tubes of the laboratory, its reflecting mirror trained downward against some coiled stuff beneath. Huge metal bottles fed the device with gas. The tube above glowed a little, quiescent, like the eyes of a monster that has no anger in its heart; nevertheless filled with baleful warning. The old man laughed as Nina shrank away. “For all its sinister appearance,” he said, “it is no destructive machine. No! I have designed machines of war enough; this is a servant and slave of peace!” “But what is it? What can it do?” The old man chose to be mysterious. He smiled quietly. “This is my machine for undoing a great folly,” he replied. “This is my machine for repopulating the earth.” “What?” The girl’s eyes opened wide as she caught his meaning. “Do you mean—? Is it possible?” Her father nodded solemnly. “But how? What can this machine—? He raised his hand for silence. At their door a new commotion had arisen; a more pointed one, directed at them. Someone was pounding upon it, calling out loudly. Hastily the old man bundled his daugh- ter out of the laboratory and closed the huge portal. Then with dignity he approached the chamber door, opened it. A page was outside, apologetic. “I am commanded to deliver this mes- sage to the visitors from Tellus. The coun- cil of the heads of the great houses of Neina has convened. The presence of the Tellur- ians is desired at once.” The patriarch sent a significant glance at Nina, but she appeared in no wise perturbed. “Very well,” he said, “we shall come at once.” “Nina,” he observed after tbe page had departed, “this is no ordinary summons, and I am inclined to believe that it is no ordinary request they are about to make of us.” She nodded. “Then let us remember”—his voice grew grave, troubled—“that while we have be- come greatly indebted by the hospitality of these people, there is one thing between us that we have sworn to keep secret, even though our lives are forfeit.” He looked sharply into her eyes. She saw his mean- ing there. Her own eyes grew serious. “That one thing I shall never reveal,” she said simply, “even though Alius Marce should ask it.” “And he will, never fear,” replied the old man. “It is that one secret that we are now about to be called upon to reveal.” The Council of Neina THE meeting hall of the heads of the houses of Neina was an enclosure vast and impressive as the history of the satellite itself. Within it, from antiquity, had been held the most important meetings of the race. Its walls had rung to the strophes of that curious oratory peculiar to the Neinian language. Its ancient, fretted ceiling, fashioned of concentric ovals that caught up the speak- er’s voice and flung it hardly diminished to all parts of the auditorium, had witnessed the coronation of kings, the election of dem- ocratic rulers, the overthrow of ancient cus- toms, coups d’etat, and all the panoply of history from the time of the first Insevestas to-the present. It was such a hall as any world might be proud to own, achieving as it did a kind of national expression; a greater monument to the skill, intelligence and art of the Neinians THE RETURN FROM JUPITER 1071 that any conscious work of art could ever have been. It was particularly impressive ■»vhen, in their bright robes and headgear, the nobles of the satellite were assembled- there. Upon the dais along the side—a dais that glittered with the gems of Neina and the jeweled lamps fashioned by the best crafts- men of the satellite’s ages—sat the heads of the foremost houses. In the center of them all was old Alius, and beside him Alius Marce, now respectively ruler of Neina and commander-in-chief of her armies. Like a turbulent, scarlet sea, the lesser nobles in the pit rose when the old man from Tellus and Nina entered. They ut- tered no sound, but each man held aloft his left hand in token of fealty to Alius and in welcome to the visitors from Earth. The visitors were seated near the head of the house of Alius, and then only did Alius Marce break the silence with his recital of all the horrors of his visit to Pleida, of the Neinian slaves that had supplicated him, of Dolmician’s barbarities and cruelties, of the desertion of the allies. The listeners murmured, stirred with anger and indignation. “For twenty-nine circlings of our satellite* around the planet Pleida,” he said, “we have fought for freedom against Dolmician’s fighters of the air and space. With the aid of our allies, making use of the many new and horrible weapons of war designed for us by our friend from Tellus, we beat them back until they finally acceded to our de- mand for talk of permanent peace. “But our allies were all but exhausted. You know the rest. WTien we would have conferred upon terms of peace and inde- pendence Dolmician tricked them, played on their sympathies, traded them false se- curity for real freedom, caused them to be- tray us and the cause of liberty we had espoused.” When he paused the rumblings of the listeners swelled to a sullen roar against Pleida. They cheered wildly as he declared that he alone of the allies had held out, had rejected the terms of shameful peace. *Neina is the largest of the satellites of Jupiter, known to us as &anym#de. It completes its orbit in •even days and four hours. “For I alone, of all the leaders, knew of a plan by which the proud, overbearing race of Pleidans might be forever overthrown, their lands laid waste, their ugly temples forced to go untenarlted, their cattle and all living things on the planet turned to dust—” Alius Marce waited dramatically for ihe full effect of this announcement. As though electrified, the entire assemblage of the heads of the houses of Neina rose to its feet. A plan to wipe the Pleidans out of the uni- verse! What could young Marce mean? The young commander appeared not to be ready to enlighten them. In the hush that followed the first reception of his an- nouncement his father spoke: “My son, if you have such a power, do not keep it from us! What is this plan?” Alius Marce smiled. “I will have to tell you a story,” he replied. Out of the corner of his eye he glanced at the Tellurians. The old man was staring straight ahead of him. Nina, only half comprehending what Alius Marce had said, was watching closely, wait- ing for him to continue. The head of the house of Alius spoke again. “Proceed.” “Some deismas ago,” Alius Marce began, “we brought to our world two homeless ones, the visitors from Tellus. With them came many marvels to delight our peopfe and to aid them in their battles against Dolmician. But the greatest of these mar- vels they have not yet revealed to us. It is the marvel that destroyed their world. “Let me tell you something about that world as I saw it, upon the first journey ever made there from Pleida. I was then an humble member of the expedition headed by Salvarius Carde, whose doings as lieu- tenant to Dolmician have since been much to our detriment. In those days there was peace between the satellites and Pleida, and there was time and energy for the explora- tion of the universe in the new space-ships designed a short time earlier by the scien- tists of Neina, but taken over by Dolmician for the use of his own explorers. “We landed upon Tellus after many weary adventures in space, hoping to find there a race of living, intelligent beings, 1072 WONDER STORIES fresh fuel for our ship, and perhaps new and startling thinge to report upon our re- turn. That there would be men upon the earth we had no doubt, for had not a ship come out of space from Tellus many gen- erations past, bearing these inhabitants on a friendly visit to our satellite? << 4 LAS for our hopes. We found Tel- jfVlus dead and uninhabitable. In the enormous open spaces that formerly were supposed to be covered with water we dis- covered only tremendous dry fields of salt. Even at the poles, where ice-caps had once Jain, there remained almost no moisture. The arid backs of the former continents were heaps of sand and rock, devoid of vegeta- tion and all forms of life. The earth was a sorry remnant of a world, dead before its time, no longer fulfilling its destiny of life because there was no water to sustain living beings on its surface.”	- Alius Marce drew a deep breath, perceiv- ing that his listeners were deeply impressed with this recital. “The good fortune befell me,” he con- tinued, “to find the last remnant of the many populous cities that only a few years earlier had spread themselves upon this globe. Upon the command of Salvarius Carde to search every corner of the planet for signs of life, I like the others passed over the illimitable deserts. At length I came upon a valley miles in length, and of a depth that indicated it immediately to be the lowest spot on the surface of the planet. “I entered cautiously, moving slowly, close to the surface of the ground, my eyes seeking for any trace of the lost man-beings that our lore told me had existed on Tellus. How shall I describe the scene that met my eyes? The floor of the valley had once been level sea bottom, and its walls were rocky cliffs descending into the earth. As the water of the oceans had dried up, vast deposits of salt, deeper and of a clearer sub- stance than I had ever seen anywhere, had fastened themselves to the sides, the floor— everywhere in the depression. It was like entering a valley strewn with layers of the finest cut jewels. The sun’s rays were re- flected, multiplied, until the glare was blinding. And everywhere was eternal sterility. “At length, examining ledge after ledge, 1 came to the bottom of the valley, which was like some hot, insufferable furnace of dryness and heat. There I found what re- mained of a great city. Like an avenging power the sand and soil had crept it upon it, had poured over the high cliffs on either side, had swept up into and through that city until it was all but buried. The weath- ered tops of the huge stone buildings were all that was to be seen. “It was at that spot that the last of the earth’s races had fought their losing battle with death and extinction. It was there that the last lake of Tellus’ water had lain, until fearful dissolution had overtaken it as it had overtaken all the rest. Now that world is but a dead planet, coated with crystalline salt, dry, lifeless. ~ “I paint you this picture carefully, com- pletely, because I am drawing for you a por- trait of proud Pleida as she will also ap- pear—if we make use of my plan.” There was a sensation as he seemed to finish. Drawing his robe about him he waited, silent, as the listeners held their breaths for his next words. “And that plan?” burst out old Alius. But Alius Marce swept aside his questions and went on again. “On a later expedi- tion, headed by myself and undertaken against the wish of Dolmician, I found our two visitors from Tellus”—he paused to bow in the direction of Nina and her fath- er, who were silently regarding him—“hid- ing in a cave, beside a miserable and fuming pool, into which the mysterious ferment that had destroyed all the earth’s other water had already fallen. “That ferment, lords of Neina, was a pro- duct of Earth’s many wars. It had been created by one tribe in its conflict against another. Alas, it had gone beyond con- trol, had in time destroyed all water—that of friends as well as the enemy against whom it was directed. “Our visitors, I am convinced, know how this ferment was made. It was an alloy; It could be made here on Neina and planted by fast space-ships in the seas and lakes of THE RETURN FROM JUPITER 1073 Pleida. And there would be no more talk after that of attacking Neina!” The lords of the satellite perceived the daring, the supreme audacity of this stupen- dous plan against Pleida. For a full min- ute they were silent as if stunned. De- populate Pleida by destroying all her wa- ter. Impossible! Inhuman and wanton! But yet— Somewhere—in a far corner of the vast auditorium, a rumble started, a tumult of applause. It spread over the assemblage in ripples, waves, thunderous breakers of applause, shouts of approval, stampings on the floor. Even the conservative lords, swept off their feet by this unprecedented proposal, were moved by the crowd hysteria about them and ceased their objections. CHAPTER III The Dread Prophecy ONLY the patriarch of Tellus and Nina, his daughter, remained with averted faces. The old man, trembling, reached out and-seized her hand, squeezing it. “It has come—as I expected,” he murmured. “I will remember my promise!” she re- plied firmly. “No matter who shall ask it, I will not tell that secret and destroy an- other world!” They saw that old Alius, robed ruler of all the houses of Neina, was standing up, holding out his hand for quiet. Slowly, al- most reluctantly, the tumult subsided, the applause and shouting died away. “Friends,” he addressed the lords assem- bled. “Upon Pleida the forces of Dolmi- cian are already forming. At any moment —perhaps even now, they may begin the flight that means battle and perhaps death for us. We must act quickly. By your ap- plause I judge you have accepted Alius Marce’s plan—” A roar that threatened to be even more thunderous than the first, began among the listeners, but old Alius quickly shut it off. “If. we are agreed,” he declared, “then I demand”—he turned to the Tellurians—“I demand that these, our guests, tell us the process by which this strange and dangerous substance may be manufactured!” Nina, impetuous, would have leaped to her feet with a cry, but her father quickly restrained her. “Whatever happens, say nothing,” he cautioned her. “We must be careful. After all, we are Neina’s guests!” With alacrity he then rose to his feet, standing directly before old Alius. “Friends,” he declared,” no man is more indebted than I to Neina; no man has brought less to her, or received more from her. It has been my humble privilege to aid the satellite in some of her battles. What help I could give I gave gladly, and I have been amply rewarded. “But as for your new request—let me revert for a moment to the picture of our Earth as Alius Marce painted it for you. Think of it: the green earth where once bil- lions of men not greatly unlike yourselves once lived; the green earth that burgeoned with limitless good things in sea and air and on the land, teeming with trees, grass, fish, flesh, fowl, the pleasures of living and travel, good food, happy homes. Where are those wonderful things now? Alius Marce spoke the truth—they are all gone. They perished miserably in the passing of all the water from the earth. , “Lords of Neina, think! Think what this means, to depopulate a planet, to make it uninhabitable! Outside our system we know not what there is. It may be that yonder in the endless sky other planets wheel around other suns, that happy peo- ples live there amid pleasures of which we know nothing. But be that as it may, such endless distances separate us from them that we shall never know what they do there; what they are thinking about, what hopes and joys are theirs. We have only the system of the brilliant sun; his planets are our only homes. “And of his planets, nine in number, which are suitable for living things? Mer- cury is far too hot, Venus too wet. Mars is fair, but beasts of strange and poisonous sort overrun it. Men have never yet suc- ceeded in planting colonies there. Jupiter, or as you call it, Pleida, is habitable, as are four of her satellites, thanks to the internal 1074 WONDER STORIES fires that heat them. Beyond these lie the outer planets, cold and dead; huge lumps of frozen stone, coated with the ice of carbon dioxide and hydrogen. “There is, then, only Tellus and the sys- tem of Pleida. Of these the earth is now a desert, unfit for life. “Lords of Neina—would you voluntarily destroy another planet—leave only these satellites in all the universe, so far as we may know, to carry on the fitful gleam of human life?” Alius Marce was filled with the hot blood of youth; his anger was still warm against the people of the mother planet. He per- ceived what the old man’s words were doing to his listeners. He leaped to his feet. “If that planet supports only such mis- shapen creatures as these squat men of Pleida,” he exclaimed, “I say destroy it and its life with it!” “But Alius Marce—Lords of Neina—!” The young commander blazed at the old man: “What would you have us do? Lie down and let them enslave ys to save the solar system? No! The war is not over. We shall continue to fight with whatever weapon comes to our hand. Neina must be free!” The man from Tellus faced him calmly. He was like a Jeremiah at the end, pro- phesying doom. He raised his withered arm and placed it on the arm of his young host. “Wait,” he said. “Do not be angry with me. Our sympathies are necessarily with you—our lives are bound up with yours. “But when you speak of fighting, stop and think. You may conceivably win against the powerful armies now gathering on Pleida. With the frightful weapon you have just asked of me you would certainly destroy her and the armies with her. You would then have won freedom for Neina— but to what avail? (< A LLUS Marce, you have not been told -i~\.what your father already knows; it is time you learned it now. I will remind you that your satellite is located far from the life-giving heat of the sun. Since the beginning of Time it has depended for heat upon the hidden fires in its interior. Think, Alius Marce—are your people not already suffering from the coldness of your streets and fields? Are they not already spending the major part of their time indoors, over artificial fires?” The old man waited for a moment dra- matically. Then he turned to the huge as- sembly. “Sometimes it requires a stranger to point out truths to us. This is the thing I wish to‘say to you. The unrest of Neina has been stirred up by heartfelt rebellion against the oppressions of Dolmician, but while your wars have kept the attention of the people far from home, life has been growing increasingly harder on your satel- lite. While you may fight successfully against the mandates of the lustful emperor, you have at hand no remedy for the in- exorable cruelty of nature. “In brief, Neina is growing old. Some subtle change in her internal chemistry has been taking place for generations. Lately this change has been progressing cumula- tively. Now with each swing around her mother planet the lowering of her tempera- ture is so great that it is plainly noticeable. Neina’s furnaces are dying, and in a few more tens of deismas—in a generation or two at the most, she will virtually be a frozen world!” Alius Marce looked into the old man’s eyes and saw sincerity there. It had sud- denly become clear to him, the perturbation of his father as it had been reflected in the televisor, the chance remarks of the Tellur- ian scientist, the feeling that some doom greater than the threat of Dolmician over- hung his world. He glanced from the old man to his father, and saw old Alius stand- ing with averted eyes. “Father—is this true?” “Alius Marce—he has convinced me it is true.” Old Allus’s sentence echoed in the silent room like the crack of doom. He repeated it slowly, as if himself a stranger to its meaning, yet sure, too, of a subtler content than any of the others had yet grasped: “This scientist from Tellus has made tests —exhaustive, final. He has convinced me that it is true!” The reactions of an audience, even a cul- THE RETURN FROM JUPITER 1075 tured, carefully selected one, are often those of a group of animals. A crowd will grow panic-stricken, will mill and bellow under circumstances in which every member of it would, as individuals, remain calm and poised like a good soldier amid the terrors of the battlefield. The lull that followed old Allus’s second declaration of faith in the Tellurian’s as- tounding assertion was like the silence that often precedes the greatest furies of the ele- ments. For a full minute hardly any man in the assembly hall stirred. Then suddenly, here, there, a rumbling began. Alius Marce, stricken dumb for a moment by the disclosures that had swept all his carefully made and much cherished plans out of the window, stood like a statue of marble on the high platform, beside the old man from Earth. Together they heard the storm be- low’ lhem begin to break. Somebody shouted abruptly, amid the growing clamor: “Proofs! Proofs!” Another took it up: “Where are your proofs that Neina is growing cold; that all the satellite is doomed?” Alius Marce held both hands up and stilled them. The old man spoke again. “Lords of Alius, there are proofs enough —but today you have no time to go into that. To show you what I have learned would take hours, perhaps days—and as we stand here the hosts of Pleida, gathering to conquer and enslave all the peoples of this satellite, may be already awaiting the sig- nal to launch into space!” “But, by Deiminos, Tellurian! You have robbed us of a reason for resistance, with- out giving us any comfort or hope!” The old man waited for the tumult to subside, then continued calmly: “You are wrong. I have a proposal to make: Of all the men of the solar system, I alone hold full and undisputed title to an entire planet; a planet near enough to the sun to enjoy its life-giving warmth; a plan- et neither too large nor too small; a planet capable of sustaining ten times the popula- tion of Neina and more. • “Lords of Neina, you have been my most gracious hosts. In return accept my invita- tion to you and ^our people to repopulate the earth. Abandon Neina to the Pleidans and to the cold; come with me to Tellus!n “Arm!” «T3UT you have told us, and I have seen -13 it with my own eyes,” cried Alius Marce, “Tellus is dry. She is dead and un- inhabitable!” “Yes—at present it is—” The old man’s eyes snapped. “But what if I were to tell you I had found a way to bring water back to that arid globe?” “Have you?” “For many months I have worked alone in my laboratory. At last I have contrived processes that will manufacture water from the nitrogen-bearing atmosphere of Tellus. I have tried it experimentally and it works! With my apparatus and a thousand replicas of it we can put the atmosphere of Tellus back into the oceanic basins where it be- longs, restore living things to the planet, and make it habitable!” This announcement, topping all the oth- ers the Tellurian had made, left the great lords in the meeting hall temporarily stunned. Even Alius Marce and his father were at a loss for words. The whole as- semblage was silent, its members gaping at the old man upon the platform who had had the audacity to suggest that Neinians forsake their home satellite to repopulate another globe, and who had as calmly declared that one of the miracles which had been sought throughout the ages, the controlled transmu- tation of elements, could be performed at last. But they did not have long to stand there silently. Even as they contemplated this new element in the climactic jumble of events of the last few hours, there clanged through the chamber the great tones of a hidden bell; the tocsin gong of approaching danger. Like the fulfillment of a prophecy a portion of the wall beside old Alius light- ed up with the characteristic glow of the tele- vision. In a moment the image of Neina’s foremost astronomer stood before the as- sembly. 1076 WONDER STORIES -	“My lords,” he declared, “the enemy fleet has already launched from Pleida!” Old Alius turned quickly to the screen. “They have started? How long have we?” “We have only one circling of the moth- er planet* in which to prepare!” Immediately the spell of the old Tellur- ian’s words left the lords of Neina, and there was questioning, discussion, confusion in the meeting hall. Should Neinians accept the invitation of this half-mad old man and abandon the satellite? If they should, what would be the consequences? There were many who, despite their af- fection for the earth that had brought their race into being, were for immediate aban- donment. They pointed out that the Tel- lurians were not unlike themselves, except that they had no wings, were somewhat heavier of body, and more muscular. This argued that conditions on Tellus were not too greatly dissimilar from those on Neina. It was therefore a feasible project from a biological point of view. But other lords, equally influential, as- serted that the old man was a prophet of evil and deserving of banishment. They argued that Neina was the only proper home of the Neinian race. They declared that the defense of the satellite was the only program that loyal lords could countenance. The noise of the argument rose from sub- dued murmurs to a buzzing of voices. The sounds increased to angry sentences and shouting so loud that it drowned out the steady clangor of the warning bell. Old Alius, despairing of ever reaching a deci- sion in this fashion, rose once more on the dais and commanded the silence and atten- tion of the lords. “My people,” he called out to them, “I have ruled Neina for a long time. No man has loved her more than I, yet when our friend from Earth speaks to us I know he speaks the truth. It is my counsel, there- fore, that we accept his invitation to go to Tellus. “Nevertheless it would be folly to trans- port our people thither without first pre- paring a place. Let us with all haste dis- patch this Tellurian scientist and his pre- *A littie over a week in Tellurian time. cious apparatus, with a sufficient crew, ta earth, there to set up the machine and begin to build for our coming. The rest of us will*remain here to meet the onslaught of the Pleidans. Our armies will go to the satel- lite’s defense; we will attempt to keep our freedom until everything is ready for our departure. “This is my advice. What is your will?” With one accord the leaders cast their votes in favor of this plan, and acclaimed old Alius as the wisest among them. “Then there is no time to lose,” he shout- ed. “Arm, the Pleidans are coming!” CHAPTER IV. Arm! Arm! HIGH over the greatest of the military space-ship hangars of Neina, in the topmost launching place, a little army of men worked like mad upon a huge, gleam- ing projectile; the cartridge that was to carry the hopes of all Neina on this long, dangerous and uncertain journey through space. The old man from Tellus was there, with old Alius and the girl Nina, superin- tending the preparations for the flight. Far below them they heard the shouting of the people ^n the streets, the clamorous people of Neina, who did not yet know the doom that was hanging over them. In this curious world, at once the most advanced in science and the least advanced in social arts in the system of Jupiter, news travelled slowly. There was no public television; no close communion of the people. Ruled by an oligarchy, divided by clan- loyalties, the Neinians felt little need for the hasty dissemination of information about their nation or themselves. They knew only that Alius Marce and his men had returned from Pleida and that a conference had been held with the Lords of Neina. The crowds were now gathering to catch a glimpse of the young hero as he passed through the streets from the council chamber to his own palace. The Neinians believed that peace had been concluded, that Alius Marce was re- turning triumphant from the signing of a THE RETURN FROM JUPITER 1077 pact that made them free. They observed him standing like a young god in the metal- lic vehicle that carried him through the glittering rays of Ancienda. On either side the spectators roared out their admiration for this winged creature, tall and manly, who had been in such haste to bring the good news to Neina that he had courageously plunged his space-flier into the sea to save a few hours of precious time. But as for Alius Marce, he was troubled at this display. He groaned inwardly to remember that he had failed in the mission these folk believed had been a success. He felt himself unworthy of their applause; he was ashamed, yet proud, too, that his people should love him so. It had been left to the lords of Neina, in their mobilization, to tell the populace what the situation was. Alius Marce, on his de- parture from the council chamber, had not anticipated the welcome now being show- ered upon him. Seeking advice he had turned to the old lieutenant who rode beside him. “Saldu,” he asked, “shall I tell them?” •“Do not,” the other counselled. “Alas, they will learn the truth soon enough, and by that time our plans for mobilization will be well under way. To tell them now might lead to disaster. Smile, Alius Marce, as if all things were as they should be. We cannot chance letting the people know how uncertain their leaders are as to the outcome of this day!” So Marce smiled and bowed and acted the gracious son of the head of the house of Alius. But as they progressed through the crowded streets some subfiie sixth sense warned the people that this was no heroic procession as they had supposed. Alius Marce could scarcely restrain his glances toward the black skies. There, he knew, though they were still too far away to be visible, the hosts of Pleida were already a- wing. The demonstrations grew less noisy. There was a rustling and uneasiness in the throngs that lined the way. A whisper had got out that the armies of Neina were mobilizing again. What sort of peace and triumph was this? Against whom would the space-cars of the satellite fly, except those of the mighty Pleida? The whisperings ran like wildfire through the crowds. So it was to be war again! The winning campaign that had been fought by Neina and her three allies against the barbarities of Pleida had gone for nothing! So that was what Alius Marce had learned on his voyage to the mother planet that had sent him back in such heroic haste! The people grew silent, watchful. Alins Marce smiled and bowed, but there was no response. “They know,” he murmured to his lieuten- ant, Saldu. “They know before we tell them that the peace is not concluded, that it is to be war again.” . The lieutenant nodded. “It was not a secret that could have been kept,” he re- plied quietly. THE procession drew on through the sul- len streets until it came to the great plaza before the palace of Alius—the plaza that had known so many historic happenings since it was built by the first Alius in the misty antiquity of the satellite’s past. Here had tramped victorious armies, home from battles against planetary and interplanetary foes. Here had once alighted a graceful, winged space-car from the far-off Earth, bearing men like Neinians, except that they had no wings. Here was the scene of many a triumph and tragedy, marking the epochs of Neina’s history. The glistening car bearing Alius Marce rolled into the open space. It was clear that the whisperings of renewed war, of dis- content ^nd uneasiness had preceded it Countless thousands of Neinian citizens were assembled there, shivering and silent in the chill wind that swept across the plaza. Alius Marce observed them with gloomy thoughts, remembering the prophecy of the old man from Tellus. For within his own memory tropical plants had bloomed and unfolded upon this square, where now only the hardy sub-polar shrubs could be made to grow. The people of Neina were not, however, speculating on these things. They were in- tently watching Alius Marce as his proces- 1078 WONDER STORIES sion made its stately way across the square. The young commander surveyed them, heard an alarming, ominous thunder in their mur- murings. What was the meaning of Marce’s strange return, they asked themselves. What could be the significance of his silence and reticence? At the palace’s wall, where the twin en- trance-tubes ran down beneath to afford passage for the surface-cars, Alius Marce could restrain himself no longer. He re- membered the warning of silence his father had imposed upon him. He glanced un- easily toward the distant launching-level where, out of sight, he knew that the mech- anics and crew were busier than ever with their work upon the expedition to Tellus. He shrugged; cast everything to the winds. These people he loved; they were his peo- ple. He had risked everything on more than one occasion to save them; they had a right to know the dangers that threatened. He stepped suddenly to the back of the car. A roar arose as the crowd pressed closer to hear his words. “People of Neina!” he shouted. “Arm! Arm for the most bitter war that you have ever known. Our allies have deserted us, bought by promises and false security, and Neina has been betrayed. Already the arms of Pleida are flying toward us through the night of space. We must meet them at the breaking line, where the pull of Pleida and Neina balance. There, and there alone, will we be superior to them, for our craft, though outnumbered, are more maneuver- able. “Arm! Arm, people of Neina, and we shall yet win that freedom for which we have sacrificed so much!” Again, through the magic confidence of his speech, Alius Marce had become Neina’s hero. It was a struggle for the guards to clear a path for him to the entrance of the palace. The Neinians shouted for him, pushed in to get a glimpse of him, swore unending allegiance in voices cracked by emotion. “Arm! Arm.” The cry was taken up like a chorus, and all the people of Neina, when their leader had disappeared and the heavy doors of the palace had closed after him, hastened away to obey. So occupied were they that few noticed the launching of a mighty craft from the highest level of the space-car storage place, and none thought of its possible sig- nificance as it struck out bravely into the hostile void, seeking ultimately to land upon old Tellus, the arid Earth. AN old man, the venerable head of the house of Alius, and a young girl, Nina, only remaining daughter of Earth, moved slowly toward the elevator that would carry them to the street level of the space-car house. “My child,” old Alius said to her, “you had an opportunity to return once more to the planet of your birth, to live there safely and in peace to await our coming. Yet at the last moment, so perverse is your will— the will of a woman—you refused and stood firmly upon your right to remain here, choosing the dangers of tragic Neina for the peace and quiet of the unpeopled Earth.” “Yes—” admitted Nina. “I chose to stay—” “But once the space car bearing your father and two hundred of my ablest scien- tists had started on their journey, you burst into such copious tears that I have only now succeeded in staunching them.” Old Alius shook his head. “It is a woman’s way— Nina broke in upon his observations. “Nothing of the sort.” “Then why—?” he asked. Nina considered briefly. “I have two loyalties,” she explained impetuously, “which permit me to be happy neither here nor there, sfc long as on Tellus lies my home, but here remains my love.” Old Alius was silent for a moment as they stepped into the lift. “So you remained,” he asked, “to be near Alius Marce? You love him that much?” She looked at the patriarch quickly. “I’m—afraid I do,” she answered. “Some- times I hate him, but I love him, too.” “Alius Marce—though he is my son—is a spoilt fellow,” the old man exclaimed fer- vently. “He has more power than becomes his years. Even today, despite poor Neina’s ~ THE RETURN FROM JUPITER 1079 dangers and despairs* he has stirred up the people in order to satisfy his vanity. Had he left things alone we would have been mobilized in an orderly and effective fash- ion before the fall of night. We would have been in position to fall upon the at- tackers swiftly, secretly. “But now the people are mad with false patriotism. The Lords no longer control them. They want to follow Alius Marce like a rabble, making a great display, but wasting their power and losing all chance for strategy.” “Nevertheless,” declared Nina, “I believe Alius Marce can win. I have remained be- hind to help him!” “You help him? How?” Nina smiled quietly. “Perhaps I could lead a ship into the fight,” she suggested. “Perhaps I might suggest some new strategy, or direct the use of a weapon.” “You mean—?” “I mean that I am too wise in the ways of men with women to thrust myself upon AIIus Marce, but if he will listen to me—” The old man looked into her eyes. “Then by heaven and earth he shall listen to you; he must!” “Pehaps,” she cried cryptically. CHAPTER V The Flight to Tellus NEINA was shrinking behind them like a lump of ice, melting and running into nothingness in the fierce heat of the sun. They had long since passed the sphere of the satellite’s strong influence; now they were at the cruel mercy of the sun, dependent upon the trueness of their course, the ac- curacy of their calculations, the steadiness of their machine and its fuels. Alone in uncharted space, guiding their route by those unbelievably distant buoys that glowed dim- ly in all directions, clutched in the hollow cold of space, they were nevertheless at peace among themselves, resigned to what- ever fate was in store for them. It was around the old man from Tellus, the aged prophet and scientist who in its extremity had offered haven for their race, that the Neinian scientists gathered while the engineers of the craft, Neina’s best, guided the frail speck through the infinity of the heavens.	4 He was explaining to them minutely what he intended to do upon Tellus, going over the ground carefully in the empty hours of the journey, so that there might be no time lost unnecessarily when the time came to act. Despite its unbelievable smallness in rela- tion to the bodies of the firmament and the forces against which it was pitted, the rock- et that bore the expedition seemed huge to the men within it. Part-way back, in chambers surrounded by huge tanks con- taining the precious concentrated fuel that drove them onward, they congregated in a laboratory the like of which had never been seen before on any craft or earth. Mech- anics were still at work on it, under the eye of the old man from Tellus, fitting it up for its part in this unparalleled migration of a sovereign people from satellite to plan- et. Folded in sections against its walls were parts of a contrivance resembling a huge basin, perhaps hundreds of yards in dia- meter when assembled. In furnace-rooms beneath the laboratory other parts for this structure were still in preparation. In the storage rooms were many other pieces of complex machinery; huge thermo-couples designed to transform the heat of the sun directly into electric power; transmission- generators for changing power into di-thur- nian waves, by which means the last genera- tions of the Tellurians and after them the Neinians had learned to transmit energy great distances directly through space or at- mosphere; gyroscopic controls, heavy fly- wheels, automatic stabilizers. In the furnace-room and shop there were also being prepared receiving reflectors for the di-thurnian power, designed to be fast- ened to the earth or to the strange machine the old man from Tellus had built secretly in his own laboratory on Neina. This had been carefully packed into the space-flyer before its departure and barred from the sight of everyone save the old man who had invented it. 1080 WONDER STORIES “You must understand,” the Tellurian scientist explained to his followers from Neina, “what conditions we expect to face upon the Earth. Many generations ago, when all other sources of power had been used up or greatly reduced, a Tellurian scientist discovered an almost magical al- loy that had the power, when hot, of af- fecting the dissolution of water in such a way that great amounts of energy were re- leased. This fellow and his descendants contrived a kind of engine to take advantage of this phenomenon, not knowing, or per- haps not caring, that they were thereby pro- viding a source of power that would ulti- mately wipe out mankind and all living tilings. “For this was the curious and special pro- perty of that magical alloy: in its presence the hydrogen in water somehow underwent a nuclear change, fourteen atoms of hydro- gen combining to form one atom of nitro- gen. The power derived by this process appeared in the form of heat and radiation, an expression of what scientists have called the “mass defect”.* The gases given off by the explosion that followed consisted of hot nitrogen and oxygen, and the water, once thus destroyed, could never be replaced be- cause one of its vital elements, hydrogen, no longer existed as such. “A wise use of this energy would never have exhausted our plentiful seas, but humankind was so constituted that plenty led to extravagance, and extravagance to wil- ful waste, and waste, in its turn, to disaster and want. “Wars broke out among the races of the planet. And then an inventor, with dia- bolical cleverness, succeeded in preparing the disintegrating alloy in powder form, so that it might be thrown directly into the seas and reservoirs held by an enemy, de- stroying that enemy by cutting off his supply ©f power. ‘Einstein had theoretically demonstrated in the 20th Century that if a heavy element were built up from a lighter one, energy would be given off in pro- portion to the mass difference of the total atomic weights involved. Thus 14 atoms of hydrogen weigh 14.112 (1.008 each), while an atom of nitrogen weighs only 14.008, the difference, or mass- defect, being .104, or more than a tenth of the energy of a single hydro- gen atom. Millikan believes that some such process accounts for the generation of cosmic rays. 4	HE result was annihilation at once fear X great numbers of men. More than half the water of the earth disappeared in a few months. The warfare that had rocked the world came to an end in the horror of thirst and privation. When stock was taken of the remaining water of the globe, the winning race congratulated itself that there was still enough to last -indefinitely. But its engineers had reckoned without the mys- terious and sometimes malignant action of nature. When provoked she can sometimes retaliate with terrible and swift weapons. “The powdered alloy used with such tell- ing effect against the enemy was cast by the spuming waters into the air, where it floated from place to place on the winds in the form of impalpable dust. It fell into the seas, lakes, reservoirs of the remainder of the world. It went with insidious persis- tence into every pool on all the globe, and at last mankind died as a result of its own ruthlessness. The earth became a dry and crystal-covered clod, without life of any kind. “It is such an earth, men of Neina, we must rehabilitate—a dry earth, with an at- mosphere of oxygen almost too strong for man’s tender lungs, and weighed down with the gas, nitrogen. Somehow from-these two elements we must restore water to that earth, for the people of Neina! ” The scientists of the satellite stared at him during these recitals in awe, daring not to ask that terrible question that each had on his tongue. They knew that when the time came the Tellurian would reveal everything to them. They were content with his grad- ual unfolding of the plan as the hours and days of the frightful journey rolled past. *	* # THE hot sun turned his single burning eye on them; they felt his heat as, speeding through space, they approached him in their quest of that tiny planet oc- cupying the third orbit of the solar system. In the space-rocket there was no night or day. Time passed in a steady stream; the occupants felt neither motion nor the op- pression of weight. Though their speed was terrific measured by terrestrial stand- PTHE RETURN FROM JUPITER 1081 lards, to them it seemed that they were poised motionless amid the vastness of space, as if their metallic car were as immobile as a projectile painted upon canvas. Some were alarmed, complaining that they had already been too long on the way. Some pointed to the growing size of the sun’s disk, and spoke with terror of the dan- gers that lay in that direction, recalling that once in a past age a rocket bearing Tellur- ians on their return journey from Neina had slipped unknowing from the proper way. .They recalled how it had been drawn irre- sistably toward the brilliant orb that was the mother of the planets, its occupants per- ishing miserably and in terror as the heat grew about them and the walls of their rocket-car glowed with the electronic bom- bardment of the sun’s radiations. But the old man from Tellus, as the time passed, grew in energy as his followers grew in fear. He drove them mercilessly to their tasks about the ship. In the hot workshop the engineers were bringing to an end the fashioning of mysterious engines he had devised. In the laboratory physicists and chemists bent endlessly over tests and experiments he had directed, forgetting their fears and uneasiness in the wonders of the new worlds the old man had opened to them in the hidden things of nature. The lectures in the ship’s crowded audi- toriums continued. Sometimes they dealt with the lore of the skies; bits of astronomy that was the distilled wisdom of generations of Tellurian observers. Other times he ex- plained little known laws of atoms, show- ing how cunningly the universe was put together; electron and nucleus, whirling or- bits too small for any microscope to see, multiples of atoms building upward into molecules, the miracles of chemical com- position by which we live and all things ex- ist; the solid planets, the liquid, glowing sun, the ringed orbits of the solar worlds, the circling paths of universes in the solemn, mysterious processions of the stars and ne- bulae. “It is because I love all nature and hence all life that I have dared to make ihis at- tempt to restore water to the Earth,” he ex- plained. “Pleida teeming with life—even the life that to us seems loathsome, cruel, insensate—is better than a planet without life of any kind. Behind the universe, ex- amine it as you will, there must exist some mighty plan, and if that plan is the ever- unfolding influence of sentient life, then we must sacrifice everything to further it. “In the days of the ancient peoples of Earth there were many who delved into nature’s secrets, revealing many things that we have since been able to turn to our use. In olden times there was a scientist whose discoveries I have come upon in my wide reading of Tellurian lore. He passed the quick alpha rays of radium through nitrogen gas, and by photography in a cloud cham- ber demonstrated that the ionized particles that make up these rays, upon colliding with occasional atoms of nitrogen, were able under certain conditions to knock loose pro- tons. “This man* was unable to demonstrate whether or not these protons would later pick up electrons and so become true atoms of hydrogen. But I, in my experiments on Neina, have demonstrated that they can. Those experiments point the way to the solu- tion of our problem. If, under terrestrial conditions, we can bombard atoms of nitro- gen and produce hydrogen, the manufacture of water in sufficient quantity will only fol- low upon the devising of proper methods and large enough plants.” “Are we to understand,” asked one of the scientists, “that you have already performed this experiment and found it possible?” The old man nodded. “In the labora- tory,” he replied. “But,” queried another, “you have told us that in building up the hydrogen of water into nitrogen through your disintegrating alloy, great energy was released. Is it not necessary, in reversing the process, to put back into it exactly as much energy as ear- lier went out?” “True—true. But that is a problem I have also thought about. You shall see in good time how we may deal with that.” ♦Rutherford. 1082 WONDER STORIES Earth Draws Near JUPITER had dwindled in the sky to the size of a bright, glowing star, and her satellites were now invisible to the unaided eye. No longer was the system behind them. AH objects in the icy void had seem- ed to change with the passing hours. Now there was no up or down or back or front. The rushing gases of the space-ship’s mul- tiple exhaust appeared to have no effect. There was only the faint constant whisper- ings of the rocket tube explosions as they echoed inside the car, transmitted there by the metal of the hull. Far to their left they described a yellow star, burning steadily in the inky blackness of space. “That star is earth,” the old Tellurian said. “We will cross her orbit, meeting her at a long angle to make our landing easier—if the navigators have calculated oUr course properly.” “And if they have not?” “We will be drawn into the sun. There can be no second try.” The navigators and engineers, standing hour after hour at their instruments, checked and rechecked the course, compressed their lips grimly. They measured the rocket’s imperceptible speed and finding it too great, damped off the exhaust. Soon they would know how skillful they had been. To strike the earth they must have aimed neither too high nor too low, to far either to the right or the left. They must have traveled only just so fast, neither slower nor swifter. From Neina the planet Tellus had been but a tiny, yellow, moving speck. At such a target had they launched the metal cartridge upon whose safe arrival depended so many lives. The laboratory of the space-car was now crowded with finished apparatus. There was no longer room for the long rambling talks of the scientist. Nevertheless he addressed the Neinians; speaking to them sometimes singly, sometimes in pairs, in small groups, explaining to each his part in the great in- tei planetary drama for which the stage was being set. “Let every man be familiar with the work- ings of his space-suit,” he admonished them. “They are not new to you, but I have direct* ed certain changes to be incorporated that give greater mobility and longer time away from the compression chamber. There is now a better type of oxygen,generator in each. The metal gauntlets are provided with improved heaters, so that the occupant may work for several hours without losing the use of his hands. When the time comes every man must execute his own particular task with speed and efficiency.” They saw, after more time had elapsed, that Tellus was indeed drawing near. Now they could distinguish the bright point of light that marked the position of Luna, Earth’s single moon. The old Tellurian, still driving his men in the laboratory and workshop, stalked to and fro like a slave-master, afraid that all would not be ready by the time the glisten- ing rocket crossed the path of the approach- ing planet. “We shall have no time to lose,” he de- clared as he went through the shop, exam- ining half-finished parts, laying out new work. “Are the mirrors completed?” The mechanics nodded. “And the thermocouples?” “Yes. “It is a pity we could not have had time to manufacture the contrivance complete on Neina, so we could have tried it out. But as it is—” He shook his head savagely. “The Pleid- ans couldn’t wait. Well, we shall beat them anyway!” Then, in a moment: “How about the generators? Are they ready?” “Nearly. There are two more to be wired and tested.” “Speed them up.” Gone were the fears of the Neinian scien- tists that they had lost their way. Now they could see the target plainly with unaided eyes. It was beginning to loom up at them, a most brilliant disc in a dark and forbid- ding universe. Vaguely they could discern the spots which had once been old Tellus’ continents—they were dark patches set roy- ally among glistening areas of white. The old man found many of them looking wonderyigly upon these revelations from the spaee-car’s windows, neglecting their work. JHE RETURN FROM JUPITER 1083 But wheh he saw the object of their interest he became suddenly indulgent. “There is the planet we must bring back to life,” he murmured. “If my science can- not do it we are lost—and so are the people of Neina!” Gently he admonished them, and the rock- et hummed with the sounds of industry that di owned even the throb of her pumps and the whisper of the rockets that propelled and guide her. Aboard the craft, as the bright face of Earth drew near, there was a note of gaiety. The scientists, technicians and mechanics worked like men who perform tasks they thoroughly enjoyed. The navi- gators began to perceive that their aim had been true. They had neither overshot nor undershot the mark. There it was, beckon- ing to them out of silent space. The time had come when even the old Tellurian appeared more certain of himself and the outcome of the voyage. But he did not relax his vigilance. He was constantly with the navigators in their calculations, and dispensed his orders with the same rigid manner. “Tonight,” he said (for matters aboard the space-flier had been governed precisely as if there had indeed been day and night), “every man must retire early and rest well. Tomorrow we shall come within the gravita- tional influence of the Earth—and after that, as you know well, there will be work to do.” CHAPTER VI Nina’s Strategy SWIFTLY, silently, speeding through the blackness of the void that separated Neina from her planet, the forces of Pleida were coming. Ignorant of the single rocket- ship that had sped away from their quarry i.i search of the planet Earth, and scornful of what this small world could do even if they had known, the rocket-ships sped straight toward their goal, resolved to leave no free man on the satellite. Heading the invading expedition was Sal- varius Carde, mightiest of the Pleidan nob- les, the favorite of Dolmician. He stood upon the bridge of his flagship and surveyed the Neinan preparations through the teles- copes with which his vessels all were equip- ped. “They have been warned of our coming,” he shouted gleefully to Guttar, his second in command. “They are scurrying around like ants, but what can they do against us? We are invincible!” He turned from his contemplation of the unhappy satellite to survey the majestic force he was leading to its conquest. He beheld eight hundred glistening rocket-ships of the finest war design, flying in a great spreading wedge, four hundred on either side and a trifle behind his own craft. Be- hind them rode the Pleidian transports, with the colors of Dolmician etched into their shells, and the nozzles of weapons protrud- ing from their sides. It was a crushing force, the mightiest ever to fly in one campaign. Salvarius Carde surveyed it with unconcealed pleasure, knowing full well that no effort of the Nein- ians would ever serve to stand against such a force. Better for them if they failed to attack at all! He would be more disposed to measure out mercy upon them if they made no preliminary show of force. But if they should—! He laughed as he thought of the puny force of his old enemy, the proud, head- strong Alius Marce. If Alius Marce should come against him he would make a special point of humbling him. The Pleidian delighted in contem- plating the unequal battle; the few battered ships of Neina against these proud cruisers that bore the colors of Dolmician! *	* * The astronomers of Neina were as cog- nizant as was Salvarius Carde of the strength of Pleida. Through their instru- ments they had already counted the ap- proaching craft of the enemy, estimated the weapons they might use, calculated the speed of their flight. Reports went constantly to Alius Marce, who remained in the huge hangars that shielded his own space-ships, superintending their loading, fueling, arming. “The fleet of Pleida is now half-way from 1084 WONDER STORIES the planet to our satellite,” the astronomers informed him through the wall television that had been fitted up for his use. “They are coming at such speed as to bring them upon us within the next twenty senuras.” “How far are they from the cancelling point, where Neina measures her strength with Pleida and finds it equal?” “Many deismas yet, commander, but ap- proaching it at terrific speed.” Alius Marce turned quickly away. “Let them come,” he commented, “for at that point the peoples of Neina will also con- test with the forces of Pleida, and Dolmi- cian’s men will find them more than their equals!” Impulsively he passed from space-fighter to space-fighter, examining the equipment, the crews and their weapons. As he ap- proached they sprang to attention, proud of their commander. It was not until he had come to the last that he found a surprise waiting for him. It was Nina, uniformed like the commander of a space-ship of war. He paused, staring at her in amazement. “Nina,” he said, “I thought you were— with your father. I thought, after what happened at the conference, that you had de- serted us.” She smiled at him. “On the contrary, I have remained to help you defend Neina.” “Help us?” She saw immediately that she had wounded his pride by so blunt a statement, for Alius Marce was not a man to accept help from any source. “I am glad that you remained behind to be with us un- til your father returns,” he went on quick- ly. “But if you mean”—he gestured tow- ard her military garb—“that you wish to take part in the actual battle—that cannot be. We have no women in the armies of the Neinians.” SHE flushed, but stood firm. “Alius Marce,” she exclaimed, “I would never have dared to come to you at such a time had I not been sure that Neina is in grave danger. I had your father’s permission to don this uniform and to address you here. I—” He stopped her with an upraised hand commanding silence. “I can have no woman in my army, Nina. I want to be gentle with you, but this is a serious hour and there is no time for argu- ment. In a few minutes we must take off toward Pleida, to intercept our enemies be- fore they reach the satellite.” He finished with a tone like a military command and turned on his heel. She cried out after him, but he would not listen. “I do not insist that you include me,” she called, “but you must listen to my plan. I have strategy that may win where every other way will surely lose!” He hesitated at that. She caught up with him. “I also have a plan,” he asserted. “We shall proceed directly to the fight, and there shall engage the enemy as Neinian ships have done for generations. We shall be victorious. With the weapons your father has devised for us we will riddle them.” “But Marce, they are as numerous as leaves in the trees. Eight hundred fight- ing ships, and as many transports, while you have only a few over a hundred, and they are old, despite their new weapons. And remember, Alius Marce, how space- ships fight. At terrific speeds you will meet head-oh. Your only opportunity for riddling them, as you say, is in that instant of time when the opposing fleets flash past each other. Once past you must circle. Swift, heavy space-ships are not easily man- euverable. What if they should choose not to turn and meet your second thrust? You would not be able to catch them before they landed on the satellite.” ' “But they will turn. Since time out of mind space-ship fleets have fought their battles by circling between the worlds.” “This is no ordinary war. Pleida is out for swift and certain conquest. Why els® would she send many transports filled with troops and guards? She will try to land them at her earliest opportunity, regardless of the conventions of your age-old space- fighting. They will merely pass you, take what losses are necessary, and speed on to the defenseless satellite. Before you can turn your heavy fleet and come to our res- cue, the whole Pleidan armada will have landed and taken your capital.” THE RETURN FROM JUPITER 1085 Alius Marce shrugged. “I cannot believe it,” he commented. “In any case, what better plan have you?” “This: they will be suspicious of ambush if you do not attack as you have suggested, and so will land cautiously at a distance from Ancienda and march into the city thereafter by land, overwhelming us with poisonous gases as they come. But if they think your fleet is out they will attempt to alight boldly on the city’s landing space, as many of them as can find room, in order to complete the conquest quickly before the fleet can return and aid in the defense. “I propose that we do this: Let me lead the fleet against the Pleidan armada. Your people love me; the fighters will follow and do as I tell them. We will take only skele- ton crews—just enough men in each ship to maneuver and handle the weapons. Mean- while you, with your greater skill and knowledge, will take the main body of the fighters and plant them in strategic posi- tions around the common landing field in Ancienda. “Fulfilling your campaign, I shall lead your space fleet through the hosts of the at- tackers, turn, and pretend to try desperate- ly to overtake them. They will not know that it is I leading the fleet, and that you are in ambush against them on the satellite, and they will land directly as I foretold. “When they have opened their ships and begun to disembark you will suddenly give the command and blaze away at them with every weapon in your power, destroying their ships or crippling them, killing many of the Pleidians, and making the others pri- soners. By the time I have returned with the space fleet you will have won the day, made Neina safe at least for the time being, and have provided the people in addition with a number of ships that will be of great use when the time comes to migrate to Tel- lus.” She looked eagerly into Alius Marce’s face, watching for his reaction to this sug- gested defense. He remained silent. “What do you think of it?” she asked. “Isn’t it better?"’ He shook his head impulsively. “My place,” he said without answering the ques- tion, “is at the head of my fleet. I cannot stoop to lay traps like some common gar- dener whose enemy is a mouse.” “But Alius Marce—!” For the second time he turned abruptly away from her. “I cannot consider it,” he declared. She seized hold of him, restraining him by force as he made to move off again. “This is no time of think of personal pride, of ancient customs, or of position,” she pleaded. “Neina has her back against the wall. We must defend her until my father brings us word of a better place to live. If you persist in your attack in space An- cienda will surely fall and the people of the satellite will be enslaved. Your ene- my, Salvarius Carde, will live in the cham- bers that your father and his fathers before him have hallowed with their memories. You and all your family will go down into the mines, their chance for life and freedom forever lost!” “I will attack them in space,” said Alius Marce, coldly.	, “Then you will lose Neina because of your false pride. Your people will suffer extinction because they have placed too much trust in one who was not great enough to think first of their welfare!” As she spoke Nina stood firmly before him, her eyes flashing, anger in her face. Alius Marce replied to her in kind, his lips white and thin: “As for you—you may join the old wo- men with your wailing. And when I have won this victory I shall return you to your barren and deserted Tellus, and let you die of thirst there with your father. Both of you, having cause enough to thank Neina for your very lives, have refused to help her in her severest extremity, when one word from either would have wiped out her an- cient enemy and- restored peace and safety to all the satellites!” NINA stood in the streets with the cheer- ing throngs as they watched the great war ships of Alius Marce launch themselves into the sky, but Nina did not cheer. She shared none of the faith the Neinians placed 1086 WONDER STORIES in those projectiles of glistening raetal and the powerful guns that armed them. In squads of ten they went roaring from the launching places. Almost unconscious- ly she counted—one hundred, a hundred ten, a hundred twenty—fewer than a hun- dred fifty in all, to face eight hundred! What a proud display they made in the bright light of the distant sun, and what a futile one! Nina hardly waited to see them out of sight. She hastened to the palace, where old Alius greeted her. “As I feared, he would not listen,” he commented. Nina nodded silently. “He has gone to meet the armada of Pleida,” she declared. “There was no stopping him.” “So I perceive.” “But it was not to report this self-evident fact that I came to you again. I want auth- ority to arm the people, to organize them, to command the landing places of Ancienda and the other cities. We must do what we can at once, in case my guess was right, and Salvarius Carde chooses to come on and land rather than to stay and fight.” The old man appeared to consider. “Can you handle this?” “With your aid.” Old Alius’ eyes clouded. “I wish that you were my son,” he whispered. “Then you give me permission to try it?” “Yes—but do you realize that you will have no regular fighting men? The pick of the regiments of Neina are space-fighters, and he has taken them with him. For you there is left only untrained troops—and the mob, if you can control them.” “And weapons?” “My child—there are almost none. For generations Neina has done her fighting in space. We have forgotten the use of land arms, and no recent ones have been made. I will lead you to the armories. If you find anything there you can make use of— you are welcome.” Nina stared in amazement at the old man, head of Neina’s proudest house. No arms fit for pitched battles on the satellite? “But surely you have explosives?” The old man nodded hesitantly. “I think so,” he replied. “Then we can mine the landing field, at least. And perhaps we can adapt some of my father’s weapons for use upon land. We have only a little time—” “I will give the order for secondary mob- ilization. Meanwhile you may consider yourself commander of the land armies of Neina—land armies that hardly exist, that are untrained, that have no suitable wea- pons. If you can save Neina with them you shall be rewarded—whatever you may ask!” Nina did not reply directly to old Alius. Instead she went to the windows and threw them open, looking out on the crowded plaza. CHAPTER VII Battle at Last! THE doomed satellite Neina (which the men of Earth before their extinction had called Ganymede) had hardly completed her revolution around the planet (which occu- pied a period of a little over seven Tellur- ian days), when the huge space-fleet of Pleida met the speeding forces of the de- fenders. The little earth, which always keeps the same face toward the huge planet it continually circles, w&s just coming out of the shadow into the bright light of the sun when the invading force simultaneously spied its lighted continents and the gleaming metal space-cars of Alius Marce. All the planet-satellite system of Pleida —a system of ten worlds of which five were inhabited—was watching that meeting in space, knowing that upon the success of Neina in this furious struggle for freedom depended'more than the inhabitants of the other satellites would have liked to admit. Many by now were feeling a little ashamed of their desertion of plucky Neina in her extremity, yet it was too late to come to her rescue, even had they had the power. Dolmician had wasted no time in conso- lidating his grip upon them. Already his promises of clemency and mercy had been broken; the peoples of the satellites Helva, THE RETURN FROM JUPITER 1087 Quena and Luana* were in a few short hoars reduced to slavery and poverty, serving the will of the great emperor in the dark, death- ly mines both on the planets and the satel- lites. Astronomers on Helva were in position to see the space battle as from an observer’s seat. Eagerly training their telescopes upon the meeting place they waited with little doubt as to the outcome, perceiving the im- mense force of Salvarius Carde, the puny squadron led by Alius Marce. “He will surely lose,” they prophesied. “Despite the superiority of their weapons, the Neinians can never battle successfully with so many. The whole fleet of the de- fenders will be wiped out.” No less anxiously, and with the greatest foreboding, astronomers of Neina also watched and waited for the clash. Into the high observation room where his father and the Tellurians had once waited for Alius Marce during his returning from Pleida, old -	Alius again made his way, accompanied by the best scientists remaining on the sate- llite. “Have you seen Nina?” he asked them anxiously. One shook his head. “Not since she sought from me the formula for trabenzine, the most powerful of our explosives.” “You gave her the formula?” “Sire—it would be too dangerous to trust such a secret in the hands of a woman. She pleaded, saying that you had given her authority, but this I could not believe, so I refused.” “You are a fool!” Old Alius’ anger sud- denly mounted to his face; his eyes flamed. “Throughout my years I have heard it said that women are weak, unfit for authority. But today I say to you—if the fate of Neina were wholly in the hands of Nina we should be saved. You have denied her the only weapon she had to guard us with!” The chemist and the others looked at him in amazement, but he offered • no explanation. Instead he grasped the offending fellow by the arm and pushed him violently, for so old a man, toward the lift that would bear him •Known once to Telhirians as Io, Europa and Cullisto. toward the street. “Go find her now?” he roared. “Make what amends you can, and give her the formula!” A deep silence settled on the remaining scientists as assistants wheeled the great telescope through its arc until the speeding fleet of Pleida came into view. “We cannot stand against them,” mur- mured old Alius, quieter suddenly. “Marce will be swept away like chaff, and all his space-fleet with him.” The others gazed at the opposing forces, as they moved closer together across the seemingly tiny gap that separated them in the icy space between two worlds. They approached, with what at that dis- tance seemed a crawling pace, but which actually was faster than the fastest speed ever before attained in interplanetary reg- ions. Invader and defender alike leaped eagerly into the battle; Alius Marce leading his artnada gallantly, straight for the space- car driven by Salvarius Carde and the center of the oncoming horde. The Pleidan leader, sweeping the defend- ers with his glass, spied out the leading craft and inwardly rejoiced when he per- ceived that it was the flagship of the scion of the house of AlluS, his special enemy. “There is the man who betrayed me when he was a member of my expedition to Tel- lus,” he shouted, his heavy jowls quivering with pleasure. “Now we will turn his flyer inside out, and spill him into space for it. Let me give orders to the fleet!” A lieutenant depressed a switch. Instant- ly communication waves sprang out from the Pleidan flagship to all the others, while the hoarse, croaking voice of Salvarius Carde crackled in eight hundred receivers: “Let no ship veer for an instant from its course until we have let the Neinians pass us and have cut them off from their own earth. Then two hundred of the fleet shall turn and fight with them while the others, including the transports, go directly to the Neinian capital and land there on the public landing ground. “We will capture the satellite while a por- tion of our fleet remain out here to grind this upstart Alius Marce to dust!” 1088 WONDER STORIES THE leader of the Neinian fleet was like- wise aware of his enemy’s presence in the opposing armada. He saw the colors of Dolmician upon the foremost ship, and beside them- the insignia betokening Salvar- ius Carde’s rank. Now that he could see with his own eyes the numbers of the enemy, his courage had began to falter. For a moment he debated whether to turn back and belatedly follow Nina’s suggestion, attempting to fight it out with the Pleidians on the ground. But he remembered too clearly her sharp words; his pride would never let him go back now. Besides, he saw that it was already too late. Travelling at their furious speed, the gap between the fleets was already closing. It would take a thousand miles to turn, and less than half that much lay in the open space before the oncoming ships of Salvar- ius Carde. Grimly Alius Marce ordered his ships into fighting line, his own ahead, the others dis- played on either side in a series of echelon formations which had been found best for attacking another fleet head-on. The fight- ing would have to be swift; in the fraction of a second in which ships would be ac- tually in the act of passing the thunderous broadsides of steel-piercing projectiles would have to be fired. One shot from each gun—there would be no time for more until the fleet had wheeled and swung into the circling formation that permitted extended battle in space. The gunners took their places. “Remem- ber, the most powerful ally we have is the emptiness of space,” Alius Marce admon- ished them. “If you can make the slightest break in their hulls our ally will enter and devour them.” It was a figure of speech that always pleased the men; it made it seem that all nature was on their side in a battle that was obviously unequal. It was a little speech, Alius Marce remembered suddenly, that had been taught him by the old man from Tellus. The heavy generators were droning their deadly song, setting up the repellant wave that the scientist from Tellus had invented to afford partial protection for the hulls of Neina’s fighting ships. Suddenly Alius Marce, as if to signal his defiance to thd enemy, ordered the light to be turned on full blast in the huge reflectors that adorned the nose of every craft. The effect was dazzling, indescribable. At first the pure white beams cut through black space like a hundred sharp knives, weaving this way and that as if to slice a path for the swift cars that bore them. But pre- sently the lights began to change, turning faintly green as they increased in intensity. Salvarius Carde, from his bridge, had ob- served them. From experience he knew what to expect from this other invention of the old man rescued from Tellus. “Avoid those rays,” he commanded. “You can do it by swerving sharply to the side. They cannot swing them rapidly.” IT was at the exact point of the balance between the gravitational force of Neina and Pleida that they met. Telescopes from Neina, trained eagerly on them, beheld the two fleets rush together with unbelieveable speed, saw the brilliant flashes of light as the steel-piercing guns let go their charges, saw confusion spread momentarily in the great fleet of Salvarius Carde. But as quickly as they had come together the sep- arated again. Alius Marce’s armada whirl- ing past toward Pleida, strugging to turn quickly, but actually describing a great aro in space. The Neinian astronomers turned their tel- escopes upon the fleet of Salvarius Carde, expecting to see him also turning. What they saw instead brought groans of dismay and exclamations of astonishment. A few ships had indeed begun to turn back, but not the body of the fleet or the transports. Hardly deflected from their course at its most perilous point by the attack, the Pleid- ians were coming straight for Neina—de- fenseless Neina, and all her defenders were swinging futilely through space, struggling to turn and renew the attack against an enemy that had already outraced them for the prize. Alius Marce counted the results of their first brush with the Pleidians. Eight ships had been split open by the combined effort of the ray and guns, and from them had THE RETURN FROM JUPITER 1089 spilled the men inside, each bloated and bursting from the pressure of the air inside his body. TKese ghastly catafalques, sur- rounded by the bodies of their former oc- cupants which flew along like gnats, fol- lowing the general gravitational center of the fleet, were still accompanying Salvarius Carde, grim reminders that he had not come off scot free in his invasion of Neina. But neither had Alius Marce escaped without injury in his defense of it. The Pleidans, having so many ships, had thought nothing of risking a few by using them as battering rams. Eighteen of the defence fleet had been battered by collisions with enemy ships. Five were out of com- mission as a result, two had been split open from stem to stern, and Marce, too, had in his armada now the same grim reminders of the power of space to enter and devour. As he led the wide turn that would permit them to swing back to Neina and hasten to her belated defense on land, his space-car flashed through a tiny cloud of bodies of his former followers. It was hard to be- lieve, when he first beheld them, that these things could once have been men. They were more like small, misshapen balloons which had been blown too full and had burst. Now the terrific cold of space had seized upon them, transforming them into satellites of frozen, ghastly flesh which would, if their speed were right, travel for- ever around Neina like tiny moons. Alius Marce turned away from this re- pulsive sight and focussed his attention on the small fleet of ships Salvarius Carde had turned back from the invading flight to en- gage him in space. He beheld that there were enough of them to occupy him for hours in a futile fight, while the satellite beneath him bowed down to Dolmician. He cursed himself bitterly for his blindness and false pride, for his mistaken belief that because Nina was a woman she must there- fore be wrong. Salvarius Carde was already well into the series of maneuvers that checked the speed of his fleet’s descent, and Ancienda was trembling without hope beneath him, wait- ing for his landing. CHAPTER VIII The Invasion of Neina OLD Alius was in the upper chamber of the launching rooms, where a scant half dozen space-craft in fighting trim remained. Into one of these, with the feverish haste of a panic-stricken old man, he was loading fuel and supplies. “If there are men on Neina brave enough to face the perils of the illimitable space with me,” he cried, “I want a crew located at once, capable of navigating interplane- tary routes.” “But my lord—the hordes of Dolmician are upon us. You could never launch your ship—” “That is a chance Pam prepared to take. Get me a crew.” A crew came and was instructed, but on their aged commander they bent eyes of such scorn that even he quailed beneath them. “For two thousand revolutions of Neina around her mother planet I have ruled this satellite,” he exclaimed, “and always I have done it honorably. Will you not believe me now when I declare that I am not run- ning away, but am seeking aid for Neina?” The scientists, navigators, mechanics of his crew made no reply, but stared at him ston- ily, or went about their work of equipping the craft for old Alius’ escape. Word went through the ancient city that Salvarius Carde had tricked Alius Marce, and that the Pleidans would surely land and sack the place before the space-fleet could return. This word was brought to Nina as she labored with her defenses at the public landing place. A messenger came to her from the observation room where Alius Marce’s defeat had been witnessed. “I have foretold this event,” she declared, “but with the aid of the Neinian people will may yet save the satellite and her capital!” Crowds had already begun to gather in the principal thoroughfares. Among them she went, her hair flying long, her eyes blaz- ing zeal for Neina and fury for the slowness and terror of her people. “I call upon you for help against the enemy,” she cried. 1090 WONDER STORIES “Who will volunfeer to attack them when I give the signal?” “But you are a woman!” someone shouted. “I am a woman,” Nina answered without hesitation, “and if the men of Neina are afraid to follow me let them run and hide. I call upon the women of Neina to take up knives, axes, clubs, staves, goads—anything that may come to hand, and lie behind those bulwarks I have erected on every side of the public landing grounds. Neina can be^ saved if her people will arouse themselves!” Her words were like magic. A thousand women, whose centuries of training had taught them to think themselves inferior, suddenly came forward and offered to help her. Elated, she made a new appeal, di- recting them, exhorting them. Presently the men also began arming themselves. The waiting places behind the hasty barracks began to fill, while the 'glistening ships of Salvarius Carde, now plainly visible in the thin, blue air, came ever closer, seeming to hover over the city, ready for the land- ing. Nina went from breastwork to breast- work, heartening her new recruits, instruct- ing them in the use of the weapons they had succeeded in picking up, admonishing them, reproving them. “I will give the signal,” she said. “Do not move or betray your presence until you hear the thunder of the signal I shall give. It will be un- mistakable.” As she rounded the last corner, and made to cross the square toward the tower where she had intended to take up observation, another messenger stopped her. He brought his message verbally. “Old Alius,” he declared, “is fleeing for his life, leaving the rest of us to perish at the hands of the Pleidans!” “You are a fool,” she exclaimed, thrust- ing him aside. “I don’t believe it.” “But you must believe it! See—” He pointed toward the topmost launching place, and she saw that there was indeed a fever of activity there. Even as she gazed the last of the crew entered old Alius’ ship. The heavy doors clanged shut, were bolted from inside. Fire flew from the huge projectile’s rear. It moved; began to rush up the launching-incline, gained momentum, flashed into launching speed and was gone in a trail of flame. Straight out into nothing- ness it went, away from Pleida and the other satellites. “There!” said the messenger, almost tri- umphantly. “I told you he was going.” Nina, wracked by countless emotions, seized new control of herself. “Say noth- ing,” she commanded hoarsely, “and come with me.” Together they made their way across the square and entered the observation tower, while the first car of the fleet of Salvarius Carde, hastening its descent, came crash- ing upon the main public landing place, followed by half a hundred transports bear- ing armed soldiers of Pleida. NINA, watching, wondered if her rabble of defenders would lose their courage and desert at the frightful spectacle of enemy ships settling upon their own landing ground, or whether—an even worse contin- gency—they might become so frenzied with hate or fear that they would begin the at- tack before she gave the order. A hush, heavy with portent, had fallen upon the en- tire city. Except for the clamor of the ar- riving enemy ships the satellite would have seemed dead and filled with echoes. Citi- zens who had not joined the defenders in the barricades had fled to the open coun- try, or were hiding in their homes. Salvarius Carde peered carefully through the heavy windows of his ship, taking in the situation, frankly puzzled. Where were the people of this cold and disagreeable little world, who had been known fbr their meekness? Had they all run away? The disagreeable lack of gravity of the smaller earth, which he had not visited for many years, disturbed him. He felt his insecurity of control over his muscular ac- tivities, and wondered for an instant how this might effect his followers. It was clear to him at the moment of landing that some- thing unusual was indicated by the actions of the Neinians; it might be that they had actually, under the tutelage of the Tellur- ians they were reputed to haVe brought THE RETURN FROM JUPITER 1091 among them from a dying distant world, gained new courage to defend themselves. A lieutenant, following the plan of action laid out during the flight from Pleida, moved to open the space-car’s door, a signal for the general debarkation of all the troops brought from the planet. But Salvarius Carde, assailed by doubt, stopped him. “Wait,” he said. “We will give them a little taste of our medicine first, in case they should be planning anything!” He gave the signal. The fighting ships, drawn toward the outer parts of the field like destroyers protecting the relatively de- fenseless transports within, suddenly let go a tremendous blast of fire. Like a sheet of devastation it went crackling out on every side, over the top of the hastily constructed breastworks and into the buildings, that lined the area. The flame ate away stone as if it had been butter; cutting into the metal skeletons beneath. Two buildings, obelisks of mighty proportions, came tumbling down like piles of matchwood, crushing to fearful death thousands of persons who had been crouch- ing, out of sight, behind a battlement on the northern side. The building in which Nina crouched, with the trembling messen- ger, swayed, began to go. She felt that the end had come when, as suddenly as it had begun, the pouring streams of flame sub- sided. Eagerly she looked out again. She was proud at that moment of the new-found courage of the people of Neina. Like rab- bits they may have been for generations, but despite the terrific tragedy they had wit- nessed with their own eyes, despite the hot rain that had passed for searing minutes a few feet over their heads, they had held their ground, had remained concealed. Now, satisfied, Salvarius Carde had tri- umphantly ordered the debarkation of his troops. The heavy door of the flagship swung open with a furious clang. A pole rose up above the ship, and on it waved the colors of Dolmician. The heavy transports began to disgorge their occupants, amid the clatter of military movement, the rumble of heavy armament, the blast of horns signal- ling assembly. The woman from Tellus, her hands tremb- ling, crept along the sill of the window through which she was watching these pre- parations to subjugate the satellite. Slowly, while the eyes of the messenger protruded with astonishment and dread, her slim white fingers, made whiter than nature by the excitement under which they acted, sought a small ebony button. They reached it, hesitated. Nina saw that virtually all of the soldiers had left their transports. The debarkation was com- plete. In another few minutes a general sacking of the helpless city would begin. The fingers on the button ceased their tremb- ling, grew firm. Suddenly, with great ener- gy, they pressed. The button sank into the wood. Outside, as if a volcano had suddenly opened up beneath the square, the earth leaped skyward. Hastily, awkwardly, but with great effect the entire landing field had been mined. Now, upon the detonation, the great empty spaceships of Dolmician and the troops he had sent to subdue a satellite too valuable to ignore and too vigorous to oppress by peaceful means, were caught in. the blast and hurled about like ants into whose mounded home a mad bull has plowed his head. Captured! NINA hardly waited to note the effect of her coup. Shouting to the messen- ger to follow, she seized a long sword that she had found somewhere among the half- forgotten museums of Neina, and hastening to the street found herself surrounded by her adopted people. From all sides of the landing field a great shout went up; the embattled citizens of Neina started their attack. Winging their way into the air as well as from the ground with such unbridled fury they fell upon the foe that Salvarius Carde, having himself escaped the blast by what appeared a mir- acle, would have sworn that his soldiers had been set upon by the fierce people of Helva rather than Neinians. Bugles hastily blew formations, summon- (Continued on Page 1184) What was the world without name overcrowded with horrors who would invade our fair earth? THE room was vast and cavernous. Oc- casional electric lights gleaming here and there in it fought off the encroaching darkness, magnifying its gloomy corners and the shadows among the cobwebbed, wooden girders of the roof. In the dim light there appeared in vague relief a titanic, metal monster sprawling all along one side of the room on the floor and uprearing its disordered, ungainly shape halfway up the wall—twisted, tortured masses of tubing, wires and coils that sug- gested, somehow, the vitals of a mechanical giant. A maze of dials, switches, and gauges re- vealed the switchboard control of the mon- ster, and near it stood a long, low table covered with green billiard cloth and light- ed by a single electric light bulb suspended above it. Seven men were seated there all staring at a square of paper beneath the light on which was a mound of ashes such The World Without by Edwin K*sloat 1092 f as might have fallen to the floor of a crema- tor when a corpse is consumed in it. Seven pairs of eyes stared at the ashes with mingled awe, curiosity and loathing in the silence that gripped the place, a si- lence disturbed only by the booming rumble of thunder in the rainswept night outside, and the rattle of falling raindrops on the roof overhead. One of the men coughed as the acid-laden air bit his throat. He turned toward the open window nearby through which swept occasional gusts of fresh, damp air. The eighth man, a lanky, powerful indi- vidual whose clothes seemed too small and tight for him, stood at the end of the table. He seemed uneasy and afraid. His glance darted from one face to another then un- willingly came back to the mound of ashes. Presently he resumed his story. “I don’t know whether Steinhilde was crazy or not. I didn’t know him very well —no one around here did—but I reckon I knew him better than the rest. That was because 1 dropped in pretty often and kid- ded him about all this machinery. Asked him what he was up to, anyway. He never talked very much, but sometimes he would shift those big shoulders of his slow-like and answer, ‘Oh, that’s my radio,’ and then laugh at me with never a sound “At first I thought he was kidding me. Whoever heard of a radio set that half-filled a small factory building and had tubes as big as boiling vats and as many gears and wheels as a threshing machine? I thought this must be a laboratory of some kind. Once I even got all excited because I decided he must be making artificial diamonds like you read about in stories. Finally I pes- tered him so much to find out if this actually was a radio that he showed me. “ ‘If you don’t think that is what it is, just listen,’ he said, and turned to the switch- board. “In a few seconds there was a roaring, (Illustration by Marchioni) His eyes were on a vast rolling slab which stood in the center of the floor. On this slab lay two figures. 1093 1094 WONDER STORIES humming sound up there among the mach- inery in the gloom which ended when WJZ broke through with a roar of music. I nearly fell off my chair. There was almost no static, or interference, it was that per- fect. Steinhilde watched me out of the cor- ner of his eye and laughed without any sound. “ ‘Oh, she’ll do, all right,5 he said, pat- ting the dial. She’s the best entertainer w e have, Josef and I.’ A FTER that I f \ came back often —got so I’d hang around every night af- ter work to hear bands and orchestras that seemed to be right here in the room with us, and singers that might have been perched up there in the machinery somewhere. The ap- plause at the end of the numbers was like the roar of the sea, and the announcer had a voice like a giant that boomed in our ears. “Sometimes Stein- hilde operated the machine, and some- times his assistant, Jos- ef, a little, dried-up old fellow who hardly ever talken and then only in broken English b e- tween puffs on his big black pipe. But they never offered to let me operate the thing. “Then one day both of them were all ex- cited about something, and didn’t pay any at- tention to me. Steinhilde smoked cigarets one after another, and Josef tramped about the room here like a caged animal with his kindly face set and his pipe, cold and emp- ty, clenched between his teeth. Two or three days afterward Josef wasn’t here. I found Steinhilde with his eyes glowing like coals sitting here at this table when I canrfj in. “Where is Josef?” I asked, more to make talk than anything else. “ ‘Oh, he’s away on a journey,’ he replied. ‘He says he’ll be back soon. I’m sorry, but I can have no music for you tonight, I’m too busy. Some other time.’ “I don’t know what made me feel uneasy, but I tell you I was glad to get out of the building. The whole thing began to look funny to me; so funny, in fact, that I didn’t come back till tonight. I wouldn’t have come then, but Steinhilde called me on the phone all excited and fairly begged me to. Final- ly, I decided to come. “Steinhilde met me at the door and brought me to the light beside the table here. He scared me bad— not his face, although that was grim enough, but what he wore about his waist. He had buckled a belt with a holster on each side, and in each holster was a revolver. Thrust through the front was a long, shiny knife, and from the right side hung three things that looked like old-fash- ioned potato mashers. If he noticed me star- ing at them, he didn’t pay any attention, but only said: “ ‘White, you are the only man I know well enough to trust just now. You are about to witness something that no one else except myself has ever looked upon. I’m going to step into that big ball there and disappear. Do not be alarmed. I’ll come back. I just want you to see that nothing is tampered with while I’m gone.’ ” The others at the table turned to stare at ^f\UR new author makes' his bow to our readers | with this thrilling story of an unknown alien world. Faced with disaster we see man rising to the occasion supreme and triumphant. Man makes many, many mistakes as he tries to peer into the unknown. He is often like a child exploring a strange unknown mechan- ism. There are terrible dangers ahead for him if he goes too far . . . Yet man is willing to play the game. If he does make a mistake by “walking where angels fear to tread”, into unknown worlds where terrible dan- gers lurk for his kind, he is willing to give up his life to pay the price of his folly. Suppose tfiat our fair earth were threatened by an invasion from unspeakable creatures from another world or dimension. Would any of us give up our lives, “unwept, unsung” in order to stop it and save our race from annihilation? This question is answered in the present story in a vivid and ^convincing manner.	P THE WORLD WITHOUT NAME 1095 the ball White indicated. It was a huge, metal globe with a mass of wires curling up and away from it like hairs from a human head. The interior, seen through a square opening large enough to admit an upright man, proved to be a perfectly spherical room, as though the outside of the ball was only a crust of metal and was lined with white, finely laminated substance like plat- inum. Beside the square opening was a switchboard with labelled universal switch in the center and a host of dials and knob controls. “I was pretty scared and didn’t say a word,” White continued hurriedly. “The lightning and thunder outside * didn’t help any either. Without an- other word Steinhilde stepped into the ball, reached out to the switch- board and twisted a knob. Great tubes back up there in the machinery lighted up with a red glow that flickered on the walls like the light of a burning building shining through the windows. While I stared at him Steinhilde disappeared. He went out, just kind of like a match flame before a puff of air. I just went on staring at the empty space. Pretty soon ashes began to float down through the air out of nowhere to settle on the floor of the ball.” White paused, mopped his face 'desper- ately and stared about the ring of faces like a hunted animal, fearing to detect there dis- belief. There was none. . Presently one of the men glanced up. “What did you do then?” he asked. White gulped, then went eagerly on. “I—I didn’t know what to do! Did you ever see a man cremated like that before your very eyes? I never had. I’ve lived rough. I’ve stood up in the ring to some good ones, and I’ve been in mob fights where men’s heads were busted like eggs. Once I saw a man knifed to death in a speak- easy, but I never saw anything like this be- fore. “I was about scared to death! Here I was alone in the building. Maybe the po- lice, you fellows, would think I did it. At first I pretty near ran away. Then I got hold of myself and sat down to think. I decided I’d better call the cops, and that’s what I did!” Only the sound of the raindrops rattling on the roof above followed. The coroner turned to the police sergeant and conversed with him in a low whisper, then turned to a detective. “What do you think about it, Smith?** “Plain case of suicide,” declared the det- ective. “The old boy was nuts over this radio stuff and cremated him- self. Probably bumped off his assistant, Josef, the same way. This Stein- hilde ought to have work- ed for an undertaker.” “Those are my views, too,” agreed the coroner. “There is nothing more we can do. However, one of the men had better watch the place tonight,” he added with a meaning nod at White who was slumped down in his chair. “And before we leave, we might as well shut off the power and save somebody some money.” He arose, went to the switchboard and pulled the universal switch. Immediately the hum of the concealed, powerful motors ceased. The others arose, buttoned their coats about them and left the room, leaving behind the detective who had been assigned to watch the building. He drew a chair up before the door, sat down and leaned back. The tragic mound of ashes had been taken by tlje coroner. CHAPTER II Station AAAOUK! WHITE sat dejectedly in his chair. He had not been accused of the death of EDWIN K. SLOAT 1096 WONDER STORIES Steinhilde, nor arrested. Yet he was aware that he was under suspicion; he realized that the detective had not been assigned to watch the building, but to watch himself. He reviewed in his mind again the details. It was not more than twenty minutes ago that Steinhilde had stood here before him talking. And now he was dead, and White was under suspicion for killing him. As he tried to analyze his feelings further, White found that he was vaguely uneasy from some cause apart from that suspicion. He felt that he had left undone something he should have done, or had betrayed some- thing he shouldn’t have. He sprang to his feet and paced restlessly up and down the room, pausing finally be- fore the battered desk at which he had often seen Steinhilde working. It was cluttered with papers covered with algebraic figures and copies of several scientific magazines. At the back of the desk against the wall was a collection of scientific volumes. White glanced at them carelessly and was about to turn away when he noticed a small, thin, red book wedged in between two thick tomes bearing German titles. He drew it out, and turned its pages idly, stared suddenly at the reading matter in amazement, then hur- ried back to the light, unnoticed by the det- ective who was nodding in his chair. White opened the volume and began to read fever- ishly. “June 16—We have proved that the trans- mission of matter by the electronic disturb- ance set up by atomic disintegration is en- tirely feasible. Josef is so delighted he can scarcely talk. Our efforts of more than a decade are about to be rewarded. Weather conditions were ideal today, although I be- lieve they will have no effect on the pheno- menon, so we set up our miniature electronic sets in either end of the building shortly af- ter midnight and by smashing the atoms of hydrogen succeeded in transmitting a pint of water from one to the other. The water disappeared from the sending set and came out of the receiving set as steam. Success is close.” White skipped several pages devoted to code and mathematical formulas before he came to another entry. He grinned sheep- ishly as he read it. “Josef is still chuckling about my simple plan of installing an ordinary radio re- ceiving sot with the speaker concealed up in the machinery of the atom disintegrator, and passing off the whole machine as a monstrous radio set. White obviously be- lieves that is what we have, and so does our landlady. Well, brighter minds than theirg have been fooled by simpler devices. “July 2—We have now finished our first big electronic set with its tremendous power hook-up. It stands fifteen feet high and is both a transmitter and a receiver. There is a peculiar circumstance connected with it. As soon as we put it into operation as a receiver mysterious sounds began to eman- ate from it. Josef was fascinated. He lis- tened to it all morning, and copied down a number of what he thinks are messages. He believes he is on the trail of something big, but I think he is merely listening to some sort of static. It seems to buzz out the letters ‘A A A O U K, A A A O U K,’ over and over again. If the sounds come from some station, the letter combination must bo its call letter. Josef points out that stat- ic doesn’t usually repeat itself in that fash- ion. He may be right. “July 3—Josef has a friend in Washing- ton who is a code expert. Josef is going to send him the messages he has copied and see what lutk: he has with them. If they are of human origin and have a meaning, he can decipher them.” “August 1—Real success $his time! We transmitted a brick from one little electron set to the other and it came out flawless. Tried a kitten next. It wralked out of the receiving set in a dazed sort of way. Jos- ef was so enthusiastic he sent the little ani- mal through the process again. It seemed none the worse for the experience. The transmission was instantaneous. Even the slightest nerve impulse in motion at the time is transmitted with the matter. “We also hooked the little set with the big one and found both reception and send- ing of the big set perfect. It was an easy matter to perfect it after we solved the mys- tery of the laminated inner surface. THE WORLD WITHOUT NAME 1097 <6lT 7HAT a war weapon we have discov- ▼ V ered! Our imaginations are stag- gered by its stupendous possibilities. An army appears within the enemy’s gates, transmitted there instantaneously thousands of miles across oceans, mountains, deserts and cities as fast as armed men can march in and out of the sending and receiving^ets. All existing methods of transportation, ex- cept for pleasure, pass into history with the primitive ox cart, scow and pack ani- mals. Distance vanishes. Hongkong, Lon- don, San Francisco, Buenos Aires, Hono- lulu, Capetown and Sydney will be but an instant, the fractional part of a second, away from each other. “August 15—Josef received his messages back from Washington with an alphabet key. His friend, the code expert, says they were the hardest proposition he has ever tackled. Only through the merest chance, the fundamental fact that all human under- standing is based on a few universal traits, did he stumble on to their solution then had to call on a linguist for ideas about translating them into English. Even so only a part could be made out. One message may furnish a clue to the identity of the station, although nothing in the European press dispatches indicates that the Polish armies are in the field at this time. Here if the message : ‘The Pole Army is hard pressed near the big pass. Warning of a possible water shortage is given by Diamoude.’ I	can make nothing of it. “Josef has an idea that may bear fruit. He is going to write the English translations for the messages, if he can establish com- munication with this A A A O U K, and will send first the original message, and then the translation, which will give the senders a! that place a basis for communication with us if they can understand the idea. I hope this entire affair will not prove to be a hoax. “August 16—After twelve hours of unre- mitting effort during which Josef sat in front of our electronic set using it in the sending phase and working with a loud, improvised buzzer, he finally got in touch with this mysterious station tonight. We were swamped with messages in code at first, then a babel of voices and strange words poured out of our set in a torrent of sound. Josef finally broke through with the buzzer and started sending his prepared messages of the originals and the transla- tions, when he ended absolute silence fol- lowed. We are now waiting. “August 17—Our discovery! It is un- believable! I shall not write down the identity of the place, A A A O U K, here lest this little volume should fall into strange hands and I might be suspected of insan- ity—more so than I already am, I mean. When I have enough proof I shall set it all down in these pages and then announce it all to the world. But until then the secret of our great find must not go beyond Josef and myself. However, I will say that com- munication between us and AAAOUK has been established on the basis of the English translation Josef sent them. I am fascinated. I cannot work further just now on the big electronic set we are planning to send to Washington.” No additional entry had been made in the book for nearly two weeks, apparently, for the next page was dated September 1 and bore the following notation: “Joseph is determined to go to AAAOUK. Their device for transmit- ting matter is obviously the same as ours, although I don’t keep it synchronized with them for that—only enough to carry on communication. They have an intelligence that is almost genius, for they have learned to use English. “However, we proved that we could trans- mit matter by sending them our kitten, and they, in turn, sent us a fish, a queer, flabby, gaseous specimen, which nearly died before we discovered that it needed salt water in- stead of fresh water to live in. It is cer- tain we could send a human being. “They have promised us a most interest- ing visit,'" if we will go to see them. Some- how, I am filled with misgivings over the prospect, but Josef is wild to go. His na- ture is too generous and trustful to have any suspicions of individuals of their intel- lect and accomplishments. They have pro- mised to keep him constantly in touch with me, and he, like an overgrown boy that he 1098 WONDER STORIES is. .can see nothing but the holiday part of it. Everything might be all right, but I am afraid. I don’t know why. “September 3—Josef finally overcame my objections and went today. I believe he would have been sick if I had not given my permission. I turned the knob for him while he stood in the set smiling eagerly, all dressed up with his old, battered travel- ling bag in his hand. Against his will I made him take a revolver. He is such a trusting old soul I know he won’t carry it after he arrives, but will leave it under his pillow, or on the dresser, or whatever kind of furniture they use at A A A 0 U K. I saw him standing there in the globe smiling. Then he was gone—vanished like a shadow. In the World Without Name REAT was my relief when I talked \JT with him for fifteen minutes after he arrived. Then he went out to see the city. We talked again when he came back. He is enjoying himself hugely. I could tell that from his voice and laughter. But never- theless I wish he was back here with- me. I	can’t shake off that presentiment of evil. Tomorrow I shall throw myself into the de- layed construction of that big electronic set for Washington. Maybe that will relieve my feelings, and in addition will surprise Josef when he comes back. God grant that he may! “September 10—I knew it! I knew it! Great Heavens, what can I do? Josef got word to me this morning in German, a lan- guage they don’t understand, although they doubtless would master in almost no time. “ ‘For the love of ,God and humanity, Kamerad, don’t let even one of these hellish creatures through our set!’ he jerked out the words. ‘They thirst, yearn, crave and demand that I send them through the set. They will do anything to get through. If one of them succeeds in getting through our set, he will do as much damage as ten thous- and, and the ten thousand will follow him— and ten \hundred thousand more! After what I have seen here, it would be far bet- ter that both of us were dead and our set destroyed with its secret rather than have that happen. They may torture me into saying ‘yes’, but don’t listen, for I will mean ‘no’. I am watching for my chance to get back to you, but they won’t let me near the set now.’’ “September 15—I killed their fish today. Dismembered it. Threw it into the sewer drain. I don’t trust even a fish from A A A O U K. Josef says our kitten can jump ten or fifteen feet into the air when it is frightened, and is kept on display before the crowds in the public square. They are becoming more suspicious of Josef for not ordering me to let them through. I fear for him. Sending that kitten to them was bad luck—very bad—I know now. “September 19—I can stand it no longer! For two days I have listened to Josef’s cries and groans under torture before their elect- ronic set. To my pleadings for them to stop they repeat that they will continue until he is dead, or until I let them come through from their seething, over-crowded world. Tonight at seven they start again—burning away his skin and flesh with white hot irons this time. I cannot let them go through with it! •	“My worker, my friend! I shall rescue him, or die in the attempt. I have my re- volvers, and several hand grenades saved from the war. My plans are carefully laid. When they have him before the set, I shall quickly tune in ours to synchronize exactly, and act. I shall step out of their way, be- fore they know what is happening, and^ clear the room. Before they can recover themselves I shall be back here with Josef. “I have worked out the plan thoroughly. I’ll call White over to guard the building and machinery in case we might be delayed. I’ll set the automatic timer so that our set changes from a sender to a receiver an in- stant after I am gone. “It is a desperate mission, and I may never return from it. I should perhaps explain what A A A 0 U K is. I know positively now. But before I write it down here I want to—” White broke off his reading in abrupt horror. The current that operated the set had been cut off by the coroner when he pulled the universal switch before leaving THE WORLD WITHOUT NAME 1090 the building! Steinhilde had no chance to escape back to the safety of the building. And after he, White, had promised to see that nothing was touched or disturbed! He threw down the volume and cursed. Then he leaped to his feet. There was still a chance. Steinhilde might even now be praying that the set would start functioning. White leaped for the switchboard and halted with his hand on the universal switch. Suppose something strange, something fiendish, leaped out of the big ball? White shot a glance at the detective snoring in his chair, and crept toward him. From the armpit holster he gently removed the heavy automatic pistol, then leaped back to the switchboard and threw in the switch. The motors hummed to life, and the big tubes glowed. White poised grimly before the r narrow door of the big ball. There broke on his ears with a rush the sound of tramp- ling, thudding feet, a blur of strange words and the screaming of a man. The voice was Steinhilde’s. He was shouting something, shouting it desperately. “Ach, Gott! White, White, I see the set coming to life! Smash it! Smash it! They are starting through! Gott in Him- mel! It is too late!” THE scream ended in a sob. White scarcely knew what he did. Vaguely he saw his hand flash to the knob he had seen Steinhilde turn, and he plunged feet first into the ball. There was a sensation of a violent upward surge as though he was car- ried by a powerful elevator, then he collided violently with someone. He staggered but kept his feet as the individual he bumped into was hurled backward out of a door- way. Two other men, tall, thin, and gro- tesquely clad towered over him on either side. In a flash he grasped the situation. He was in the electronic set at AAAOUK into which the three enemies of Steinhilde had already hurried! White hooked an arm about each one and lunged forward through the opening, taking them with him. They shot out out onto a wide marble platform, or dais. A strange, monstrous, half naked yellow giant who was standing there leaning on an immense sword gaped at him in astonishment. Then he whirled up the broad blade savagely and charged. Crack! White’s automatic stabbed redly at him. The giant stumbled and collapsed, his nine feet of pale yellow body rolling- down the broad marble steps to the floor twelve feet below. Another yellow giant was closing in from the other side with sword upraised. White had no time to use his gun. He dodged in- side the sword stroke and caught the guard a terrific left in the solar plexus that lifted him clear of the floor and hurled him down the stairs. One of the long skinny men whom White had rushed out of the ball was worming his way back toward the opening. White dove for him. His frantic fingers gripped a skin- ny ankle. A savage jerk. White’s eyes widened in amazement. The long body seemed curiously light as it shot out above the steps and crashed down to the marble floor well clear of the bottom step. White whirled about sparring. The plat- form was empty except for the sprawled- out figure of the man he had collided with in the ball. White took in his surroundings at a glance. CHAPTER III The Torture Chamber HE stood on a hundred-foot wide plat- form at the end of a vast marble hall, the ceiling of which towered a hundred feet above him, a ceiling painted elaborately with strange scenes. The walls were grand- ly and beautifully sculptured with weird beasts and distorted buildings and people. Along the foot of both side walls were shin- ing, whirling machines, switchboards, squirming tentacles of heavily insulated wires. He scarcely noted it all. His eyes were on a vast, rolling slab, much like an over- grown operating table, which stood in the center of the floor not more than thirty feet from him. On this slab lay two figures. One was Steinhilde, bound and helpless but 1100 WONDER STORIES & struggling desperately to free himself. The other was the pitiful wreck of an old man mercifully unconscious, his naked body giv- ing mute, hideous testimony of the torture he had endured. Above the table were grouped tall, mummy-faced men in strange costumes staring in stupefied wonder at the intruder on the platform. One of the kilted figures shook his head angrily to throw off the astonishment that gripped him. He started to aim a long, shining rod at White. Again the automa- tic pistol barked. The skinny man folded over and crashed to the floor, the rod clat- tering down beside him. “White, White, get them!” Steinhilde’s voice was wild with sudden, frantic hope. “Don’t run for them! JUMP!” White leaped savagely. His big, power- ful body left the floor like a rocket, curving over in a gentle arc that brought him crash- ing into the group. The impact bowled them over like ten pins. There was a ter- rific flash and roar as the end of the fallen, shining rod exploded. One luckless man who had stumbled into its path dissolved in a puff of smoke and was no more. Left, right, left, right! White’s heavy fists battered them like trip hammers. He felt his victims’ brittle bones crack and smash beneath his knuckles. He bored in harder, unmindful of the feeble jabs rained on him in return. Abruptly he found himself standing alone and gasping, his fists red with blood. The tall men lay about him on the floor, some oddly still and others squirming in pain. Three survivors were streaking it for the doorway two hundred feet away. White’s pistol leaped into view. Its bark echoed back from the high ceiling, as the trio dodged to safety through the vast doorway. “Quick, free me!” Steinhilde’s voice was still frantic. “Let Josef alone. I can car- -ry him. Hurry, hurry! They’ll be back with a whole company of guards and blast us into nothing. You took them by sur- prise once, but you can’t again! Hurry!” “Maybe I can reach that big door and shut it,” grunted White struggling with the wires that bound the scientist. “It’d give us more time.” “No, no! Their death rods would cut through these marble walls like a hot knife through a lump of butter. Grab that sword off the platform and cut these wires.” White’s pocket knife was already out. Its keen blade ripped through the bonds that held Steinhilde’s ankles and wrists. He rolled off the slab to the floor, fell, and struggled to his feet again. With a mighty heave he threw Josef’s limp form over his shoulder and staggered toward the marble steps. Suddenly there burst through the door- way the ominous sound of a distant, moblike roar, the red, flaming rage voiced by an en- raged crowd. The escaping trio were sum- moning help. A thrill of fear prickled White’s spine. He turned and dashed after Steinhilde, glanced back over his shoulder and gasped. FANTASTIC and grotesque as the whole affair had been, he could scarcely be- lieve his eyes now. Through the doorway leaped a huge, strange monster that padded swiftly across the marble floor toward him. The thing was much like a great anthropoid ape, with a nearly human face, but instead of a single pair of legs it had two pairs, squat and powerful, that propelled it smooth- ly and swiftly along. It stood ten feet high, with a barrel-like body, huge, bulging shoulders and six-foot arms, a single pair that swung ape-like by its sides. The head was flat and sloping, with little, wicked eyes, and a huge, fanged mouth. The body was covered with red, woolly hair. White jerked up the automatic and took a snap shot at the thing. Yet quick as he had been, the moyster was quicker. It leaped sideways as the gun barked, and land- ed twelve feet away. Steinhilde feebly near- ing the top of the steps with his unconscious burden, twisted his head about at the shot. “Vacari!” he gasped. “Sort of a glad- iator. Specially bred for the games for at least thirty generations, Josef says. This one is from the King’s bodyguard. Sent ahead to hold us. We’re lost now!” White set his jaw grimly. “Just go ahead,” he growled. “Fall into the ball. I’ll stop this nightmare.” THE WORLD WITHOUT NAME 1101 The thing had dropped down to a crouch- ing position with its knuckles resting on the floor and its legs doubled for the leap. White measured the distance. It was near- ly sixty feet. The thing was watching Stein- hilde and his snail's progress as a cat watch- es a mouse. Feebly the scientist crawled over the top step and approached the ball. A foot. Two feet. Abruptly the thing leaped. Up it shot from the floor forty feet into the air. White’s pistol barked twice. Both shots missed the darting body. Down it came with a heavy thud almost upon him. A long, hairy arm whipped round him, pin- ning his hands helpless against his sides and nearly crushed the breath from his body. He was lifted off the floor, and the thing ran nimbly up the steps and wrapped its other arm round the frantic, screaming Stein- hilde and unconscious Josef. Then holding all three of them helpless, it braced itself with squat legs spread wide apart and laughed, a hoarse, coughing rumble of a sound. White’s stomach revolted as the fetid, stinking breath of the thing fanned his face. Try as he would he could not wriggle an inch to free his gun hand. He paused to listen. The ominous roar of the mob outside was swelling. It filled the vast marble hall and beat on their ears. Steinhilde’s eyes sought White’s in hopeless anguish. They were a scant twelve feet fromthe doorway of the ball and safety, yet were as powerless to move as though gripped in a vise. Obvious- ly they were to be kept for torture and death, and this thing that held them would be rewarded with a special carcass for din- ner and a new wife for capturing them. White turned his eyes again toward the dis- tant doorway. The roar was still growing. Hundreds of people must be rushing in to the kill. He stared in fascination. Suddenly there popped through the doorway a small black ball, bounding along fifteen feet in the air at a bounce. He watched it fearfully, then ogled in astonishment. The ball was only a small, terrified, black kitten, leaping, spitting, clawing, in terror to escape the roar of the approaching mob. Onto the rolling slab it sprang, then shot up into the air. Down it came. Down, down, straight on- to the head of the vacari, landing with a flurry of clawing feet as it strove to keep its balance. The thing roared in startled fright, drop- ped its captives and started slapping with both hands at the kitten. Vaguely White saw the vast doorway fill with running fig- ures. He whipped up the pistol against the side of the thing and pressed the trigger twice, then leaped over to pull his two com- panions out of the way of the falling mon- ster.	0 SWIFTLY he ran with one after the other to the ball and threw them in, then turned to look for the kitten. It had sprung from the head of the now dying, threshing vacari to the top of the ball and was mew- ing there in terror. White never hesitated. Rather would he die than sacrifice the little animal now. He looked down at the howling, racing mob. The leaders had struck aside two death rods aimed at him; they wanted to save the ball from destruction. White leaped upward along the curved side of the set. His hands closed about the frightened kitten. As his feet struck the floor again he thrust it into his pocket. The mob was rushing up the steps now. One veritable living skeleton was several steps ahead of the rest. He was brandish- ing a sword. White caught his descending arm, snapped the wrist, and hurled the lanky bcdy into the faces of the others, then leaped into the ball. Again the powerful, upward surge. Be- fore him was a narrow doorway. He leaped through it, stumbled and fell at the sudden heaviness of his body. He twisted about and hurled the pistol into the tangled mass of wires entering the top of the set. There followed a blinding flash as they short cir- cuited with a crackling roar. Something hit White on the head. “Where’s my gat, you--?” White came back to consciousness with (Continued on Page 1184) The Terrors oi Aryl by R♦ F* Starzl (Illustration by Marchioni) It opened about six feet and the tongue flashed, so rapidly that the ey« could hardly follow. It enveloped one of the smaller animals. THE TERRORS OF ARYL 1103 CORPORAL Bob Henley of the Inter- planetary Flying Police came out of the deadly grip of the Arylian croup with the suddenness which marks a favorable turn of this disease, often fatal to Terres- trials, and known only on the strange little planet Aryl. Private Chuck Emsinger, roasting the thigh of an unwary leaf lizard over a crude rock hearth, heard the premonitory rumble of Henley’s chest, and hastened to the weed pallet in the corner of the cave. Turning his superior on his chest, he belabored his back heartily, driving out the thick green phlegm from the bronchial tubes. His crude first- aid efforts were effec- tive. A few minutes later Corporal Henley lay on his back again, weak but without fever, looking around with clear eyes. “Feel better?” Chuck asked solicitously. “Yeah. How long’ve 1 been sick?” Chuck took his ser- vice manual out of his pocket and thumbed the pages. “Never mind t h e Arylian time. How many days standard terrestrial?” “About eight days, Corporal.” Henley cursed softly. “That means Cap- tain JNirvo and his gang will be at the oth- er end of the solar system by now.” “No, I don’t think so. I figure Nirvo thinks we’re dead. You know a fellow can’t see fai on this lousy planet. Just af- ter he shot us down he disappeared in a mir- age. Well, we probably disappeared about the same time.” “Yeah, and again we might have looked as big as a mountain to him till we crashed..” “Nope! He didn’t follow us and make sure he’d finished us, did he? Knowing him like I do I can only figure that we passed out of sight.” “Oh say!” Henley exclaimed, sitting up with some effort, “The Juetnecar,* was it completely wrecked?” Chuck went back to his roast and turned the other side to the fire before answering. “Well, yes and no,” he said judiciously. “We came down exact- ly on the edge of a 300- foot cliff. The moss was about fifteen feet thick, and we ploughed through that from lop to bottom. I’d say it was an easy landing. But you was too goofy by that time to know the difference.” > “This is my first trip to Aryl,” Henley half apologized for his sickness. “It sure got me the minute we opened the ports. But about the motors,—can they be fixed?” “We-ell now, maybe they can be fixed. If we had a machine shop or two. One of their chemical rays happen- ed to get inside the af- ter nozzle. It ripped off all the plates, blew up the ether com- pressor tanks—a few little things like that.” Henley groaned. “Cut me off a slice of that meal and let me enjoy my misery.” His request complied with, he ate his meal with relish, for his powerful body was gaunt. The stubble of his beard accentuated the hollowness of his cheeks, while the dark * Named after Henri Juet its inventor. It was propelled by rocket exhausts the fuel being a special compound known only to the I. F. P. ^	STARZL gives us in\* ^*-*-this story the strange deeds of brave men upon a strange world. The story stands out for its intensely vivid descriptions of the plant and animal life upon this world, this planet closer to the sun than Mercury. The great eccentricity as well as the perturbations in the orbit of Mercury have for some time led astrono- mers to believe that there may be a planet between it and the sun. But it is pos- sible that if there were one, its nearness to the sun might leave it. perpetually in the sun’s glare and therefore not to be seen from the earth. Our author has a differ- ent and even more ingenious reason why such a planet has not yet been detected. But aside from the “science wonders99 of this story, which are many, we have the heart-breaking struggles of two buddies on this hostile world. But they succeed in their mission and Mr. Starzl brings the story to a sudden, ^smashing finish.	^ 1104 WONDER STORIES curly hair of his finely moulded head, fall- ing over his white temples and forehead, emphasized the hollowness of his deep brown eyes, now moody over their setback. The capture of Captain Nirvo, the daring interplanetary pirate, would have been a feat to create a sensation even in the hard- bitten ranks of the Interplanetary Flying Police. Although young in years, that or- ganization had already established its pres- tige to the outer limits of the solar system, and the mere presence of one or two of its members was usually enough to insure or- der and guarantee the safety of life and pro- perty in the most isolated and lonely colon- ies along the space lanes. The operations of Captain Nirvo, a cun- ning and highly educated Eurasian, were a direct and not-t o-b e-ignored challenge which had been promptly taken up: But the wily pirate al- ways eluded the traps set for him. More than one ©f the tiny Juetnecars, the standard two-man ships used by the I. F. P. failed to return, while outrage after outrage made com- merce between the Inner Group almost impossible unless strongly convoyed. Corporal Henley and Chuck had been close to success. They had trailed Nirvo’s great fighting cruiser to this most sunward planet, had almost located his hid- den harbor, when a freak of the highly re- fractive atmosphere had disclosed them to the pirates. There had followed a short, sharp fight, a sickening plunge to the still nearly unexplored surface of Aryl. AT any rate they were still alive, shelter- ed from wild beasts, had a fire to cook with, and the outside chance which is all that the I. F. P. asks of fate. “You saved the ionic projector?” Henley usked at length. “Yeah. I dismounted it and stowed it away.” “How about the hand weapons?” “I left ’em in the ship.” “You didn’t by any chance leave that round head of yours in the ship, did you?” Henley inquired politely. “I left the hand weapons in the ship be- cause when Nirvo got our motors all of our power cells went out the hole in the wall,” Chuck explained without rancor, “but I brought the inductor compass.” •	“Useless! The atmospheric currents under the electronic bombardment from the sun will be much stronger than the ground polarity. And variable.” “Uh-huh,” Chuck agreed, “and you can’t even see the stars and sun. This here Aryl is sure the back alley of creation!” “Worse! Pass me over another hunk of that roast.” Henley tenta- tively put his feet on the cave’s rocky floor. The flickering light of the fungoid fuel threw his shoulders grotesquely on the vaulted roof as he staggered to a boulder near the fire. They munched hard- tack and meat, pausing to throw stones at the in- quisitive, long-snouted rabbit-roaches that per- sisted in blundering into the flames, strange in their cave-dwelling lives, and filling the air with the pungent odor of burnt hair. “So it comes to this,” Henley mused aloud after a long silence. “We’re here, without weapons, without food or ship, on Nirvo’s base planet. No cliance of being found in time by our own gang.” “Nope. And we need lots of things, and there’s only one way to get ’em.” “I’ll bite. Where?” “Get ’em from Nirvo!” “I’m laughing,” Henley remarked grimly. “Well, that’s just what we’ll have to do.” The mouth of the cave, utterly dark a lit- tle while ago, showed strongly increasing light, and the chill breezes which had been R. F. STARZL JTHE TERRORS OF ARYL 1105 puffing in occasionally were replaced by currents of hot, dry air, as the un-homogen- eous atmosphere, tide-torn and swirling, changed its consistency. It was almost equal to quartz in its light-refracting ability, so that all vistas were constantly swaying, dis- solving, changing their shapes. Chuck kicked another fungus log into the fire. “ ’S getting a little hot now, but we want to keep the fire handy. I’m going out to the ship and see what I can salvage.” His heavy boots rasping, he strode out. He had hardly emerged into the light when he noticed a small bird hovering over- head. As he strode along the valley floor the bird followed him, and he studied with interest the long, needle-fine horn forward- pointing from its head, its short fleshy wings, practically devoid of feathers, yet adequate in that atmosphere. As he watched the bird suddenly spread out until it was of enormous size, fully seventy feet from wing-tip to wing-tip. Plunging downward at him, it emitted a rau- cous scream, its great claw-shaped ten-toed feet spread out. Its bill, at least ten feet long, and lined with countless ragged teeth, gaped open. Like an avalanche it plunged at him. Chuck realized that he had been tricked by refraction. With lightning speed for one of his weight, he dived into the cliff moss a few feet away, burrowed deeper and deeper into the tough, interlacing network of vegetation, until at last he felt the rough stone fragments of the talus under his fin- gers. Once something hard and slender and needle-sharp, like a giant poniard, passed through the sleeve of his uniform, rubbing smoothly against his arm. There were lit- tle dry clicks all around him as the bird probed for him witlrits unicorn-like spear, its head forced eagerly into the moss. Then it gave up those tactics, and rending the moss with its strong claws, burrowed after its prey. Chuck knew what the convulsive move- ments of the tough vegetative covering meant. No doubt the bird was possessed of a keen scent, and was following his trail under the mose. The frightful cries, now changing to a triumphant gobble, came clos- er. In the darkness Chuck could not see a thing, but once he heard the clashing of the toothed bill close to his side. He kicked viclently, had the satisfaction of landing on something solidly, and in the ensuing hub- bub found a new avenue of escape. Fleeing along the lines of least resistance, he retreated along the face of the cliff, and in his irregular course discovered that he was going up a fault in the rock wall. He hoped the cleft would gradually converge until the vast body of the bird could no longer follow him. The bird renewed its efforts, tearing along by main force, so that the entire thick brown mat was in a state of agitation. Fleeing with utmost speed from a nearly successful charge, Chuck brought up against a wall! With a sinking sensation he realized that he was trapped. The cleft had come to an end, but it was still several feet wide—wide enough, no doubt, for the bird to reach in and pull him out. Preceded by a puff of sickish, sweet odor, the bird crushed its way in. The horny, hooked bill, clicking noisily, brushed his shoulder. With a shout of despair and defiance, Chuck plunged ahead blindly. His arms closed around a thick, leathery neck, as big around as a barrel and slippery with an evil-smelling oil. Winding his feet among the short feathers, he hung on for dear life, hung on while the gargantuan body threshed in a frenzy of anger, clung to his hold though he was battered and bruised, deaf- ened by the uproar, choked by the odor which, among its other faults, was rancid. Great claws raked vainly for him. And then he was smashed against the rock. As he lapsed into unconsciousness he caught a whiff of smoke. The End of a Monster HENLEY, considerably refreshed by the food, the first he had eaten since his arrival on Aryl, walked to the mouth of the cavern and looked after his companion’s sturdy form as he trudged toward the cliff, 1106 WONDER STORIES where a furrow in its thick vegetation mat- ting disclosed the presence of the Juetne- car. He saw the seemingly harmless little bird burgeon out into giant proportions. It would have been a simple matter to dis- patch the bird with one of the twin ionizer hand projectors, but in his present unarmed state the I. F. P. corporal stood for a mo- ment rooted helplessly. He saw Chuck''dash into the moss and start his frantic burrowing for safety. Then he went into action himself. He seized a spongy, blazing brand out of the fire, ran as fast as he dared on his as yet uncertain legs to the spot where both man and bird had disappeared, now marked by rising clouds of dust. With all his strength he threw his torch into the midst of the tur- moil. The tough moss caught fire slowly, but the charred area with its encircling green flames spread steadily. It was then that he heard the triumphant gobble of the bird—the despairing cry of Chuck. Sickened, he sank to the ground. After a few moments the bird started to squawk hoarsely. The heat was reaching its body. Its violent efforts to escape shook the whole tangled fabric covering the cliff’s face. It was all burning now, and throwing out sparks and wisps of burning fibers. Alighting elsewhere on the vegetable cur- tain, these started new centers of charred blackness spreading behind widening circles of green fire. Long, lazy curls of green, smothered in brown smoke, reached tenta- tively, climbed slowly up the cliff. Under the burning moss blanket the bird’s efforts to escape became more violent and its shrieks deafening. Out of the sky, ap- pearing as out of nothingness, a mate to the first bird plunged down, the wind soughing strongly through its stubby feathers. It hurled itself straight for the body of the man sitting on the valley floor. But when it passed through the first faint wisp of brown smoke, still two hundred feet up, it wheeled sharply, climbed with amazing speed and in a few seconds was lost in the opalescent sky. With a violent lurch the bird tried to throw off its flaming covering. Weakened by the fire, and torn loose from its cup- ended roots, a section of the moss curtain was torn off about fifty feet up the cliff, collapsed upon itself, rolled down the talus slope. The bird, hopelessly enmeshed in the long, woody fibres, rolled with it, held helpless as in a winding sheet. With a shout of joy, Henley staggered to his feet. He crawled up the slope and found Chuck’s body about where he expected, still untouched by the fire. A long, ragged gash in his scalp seemed to be his only injury. Bits of burning vegetation were dropping all around, and at any moment another section of the cliff curtain might 'fall. Amid a small avalanche of rocks and a scurrying horde of white rock beetles, he dragged his friend to safety. The bird had ceased its struggles. Sat- urated with its own body oil, the gigantic corpse was blazing brightly. As the sky was darkening again swiftly, the light from the great pyre was opportune. The moss fire continued its inexorable advance. A_ breeze had sprung up, and under its influ- ence the cliff line, for miles, was a glow of green light, strangely distorted, mimicking giant serpents, waterfalls, castles of baleful light. “If I go to hell, as some people think I ought,” Henley remarked to himself, “it’ll look something like that.” The small water generator at his belt held a few ounces of the liquid in combination with a catalytic which had preempted it from the air. Turning a thumbscrew, he freed the water, ice-cold and chemically pure, and dashed it over Chuck's face, so strangely gray under its tan. Chuck gasped, let out a round curse, and nearly brought his heavy fist against Henley’s face before he realized where he was. He sat up dizzily. “So that’s that! I sure thought I was a goner this time. You don’t happen to have a little slug of Mars-Ti* on you, do you?” “You know that’s against regulations,” Henley rebuked him. Then he laughed. “Guess I could do with a few drops of it *A malted drink originating on Mar3 called by the police officials Tlnotine and abbreviated by the men to Mars-Ti. THE TERRORS OF ARYL 1107 myself,” he conceded, “but it’s only for ex- treme emergencies.” A change in the wind brought the smoke of the burning bird to them. Purged by the fire, it had an ap- petizing savor. “I’m hungry again,” Henley said. “They tell me a fellow shouldn’t eat so often after the croup, or it’ll kill him. But if I don’t eat I’ll starve, so what’s the difference?” “Have some, but go easy,” Chuck advised, feeling gingerly of his clotted head. “Me, I’m going to have a bit* of him just for re- venge.” They raked the glowing embers apart with the gnarled, brittle limbs of the so-called mineral oak, disclosing the flesh of the monster, delicately browned, hanging on the huge framework of its skeleton. They feasted, each according to his capacity, for they did not know, when they would eat meat again, if at all. “See that spear on top of his skull?” Cor- poral Henley pointed a dripping finger. “As soon as it gets cool, I’m going to have that.” “The hell you are? This bird pretty near spitted me with that. I picked it out for myself then!” “Well,” Henley rejoined comfortably, “I rank you, don’t I? What’s the use of my stripes if I can’t rank you out of a spear?” “Take off your stripes and I’ll fight you for it,” Chuck suggested. “Naw, I don’t want to fight. Grab one of the thigh-bones, burn one end off, grind it smooth on the rocks and you’ll have a dandy club. You’ll get all the fighting you want before we get through.” The discipline of the I. F. P. is strong, regardless of the informality in the relations of its members. Chuck selected a bone for his club, and they returned to their cavern in complete amity. The bewildering re- fractive changes of the atmosphere had brought on complete darkness again, and with it a chill, not noticeably allayed by the moss fire, writhing in long wavering lines high above their heads. Seated once more before the blazing fun- gus logs they talked things over. The ship was lost irreparably now, a twisted mass of wreckage somewhere in the black ashes, but there was always the possibility of stealing Nirvo’s ship—a desperate remedy for a des- perate situation. Although they had no way of knowing where the pirate landed, his ship had followed the line of cliffs. It was not unreasonable to suppose that by traveling along the valley in the direction they had seen the pirate cruiser go, they might even- tually come upon his headquarters. After that— . But I. F. P. men rarely trouble themselves about future difficulties. They concern themselves with the immediate. So after piling their fire high with fuel, to discourage visiting carnivores, they slept peacefully the next nine hours. CHAPTER II The Battle of the Tripod* LATELY the perihelion excursions have made the peculiar and terrifying atmos- pheric conditions of Aryl familiar to thous- ands of Terrestrials, but in 1998 this strange planet, whirling dizzily around the sun in- side the orbit of Mercury, was practically unexplored. Its dense envelope of gases, allotropic forms of elements known on Earth, are distinguished by their enormous light-refracting powers—so great, in fact, that they bend the light and radiant heat of the sun half-way around the planet, making it practically invisible from Earth. This same property, however, saves all living matter on the planet from instant destruc- tion by the sun’s heat.	I When Henley and Chuck started down the valley in their forlorn-hope quest, the sun was, astronomically speaking, directly over- head. At the moment it was, however, en- tirely invisible, and a deep twilight reigned in the valley. The sky toward the southern horizon, sometimes black, sometimes opal- escent, darting with prismatic colors, striat- ed or suffused with deep purple blushes, gave the only illumination there was. They had hardly been walking for half an hour, however, when a monstrous lenticular swelling bloomed up overhead, bending downward some of the fierce heat rays, and compelled them to seek the shelter of a great rock fragment. This passed, and was fol- 1108 WONDER STORIES lowed by a fierce rainstorm of short dura- tion, which deluged them with pungent smelling, lukewarm water. Then came blackness and silence. They stumbled on and on, guiding their steps by the faint loom of the rocky ram- parts against a faint green radiance that tinged the eastern sky. This vanished abruptly, and then, springing into existence against the velvet black screen of the after- noon sky, came mirages of breath-taking beauty. Piled seemingly ten miles high, mountain on mountain burst out of the dark- ness abruptly, with just a suggestion of the faint unsteady rocking motion that distin- guishes the unreal from the real. Shimmer- ing in all the colors of the rainbow, of loveliness supernal, they illuminated the valley with gliostly radiance. They might have been cumulus clouds, so effortlessly were they poised: they might have been mol- ten metal, so heavy they looked and so metal- lic they gleamed. “Well, I've seen the mirages of the Sah- ara, and I’ve seen better than that on Mars, •but this has ’em all batty!” Henley exclaim- ed with real admiration. “Wish they’d give a little more light,” Chuck complained practically. “I’ve bust- ed my shins on every rock we’ve come to since we started. By the way, what’s that clattering noise back of us anyway?” “Been hearing it myself,” Henley said. “We passed the burnt section back there a couple of miles where the dry wash cut the cliff. Suppose it's some of the things that live around here.” “Yeah, what kind of things?” “What do you care? They’re not both- ering us.” The slithering and clattering kept up. The officers kept going clumsily, while the mirages played and changed coldly. After some minutes Chuck said uneasily: “If I was you I’d get that spear handy. Them things are coming closer.” “They are and I have,” was Henley’s terse reply. There was no question about .it. They could be seen now. There were glimpses of long, stilt-like legs, of round gray bod- ies, of fragile looking, triple, bamboo-pole arms. One of them stood on a boulder some fifty yards ahead of them—stood still and refused to move. “Holy smoke!” Chuck gasped, “it’s a tri- pod!” It was. Standing on three many-jointed legs, with an odd air of ease and uncon- cern, it looked disquietingly assured and competent. “If they start anything, crack some of their knees.” Chuck grasped his club more firmly. “What knees? Never mind, I’ll crack something.” Despite themselves they slowed down when they came within twenty-five feet of the creature. The three-legged thing stood poised. It chose that moment to leap. Light as thistledown it seemed to float through the air, but when the spherical body struck Henley, it knocked him dow-n and al- most crushed him flat. The frail-looking Btick-like arms became pliable, coiled around him with the strength of steel bands. He grasped a leg—it was warm and furry— and twisted. The creature emitted a shrill whistle—apparently a cry of pain—and Henley twisted more. The leg came off in his hands. But those relentless arms refused to un- coil, and quickly the creature's purpose be- came manifest. The blunt ends of the arms, fingerless, gristly, began to press into his diaphragm. Henley tensed his muscles* and the probing tentacle end pressed more strongly, insistently. He had not yet recov- ered all his strength, and every time he tried to ease the agony of his bursting lungs the coils drew tighter, the probe pressed harder into his yielding flesh. Soon he must be ripped open, torn to pieces by the monster. Chuck saw Henley go down, and had a glimpse of cottony puffs converging on them on all sides over the rocky wastes. He heard the clatter of the corporal's needle- pointed spear, and then the nearest of the round bodies floated toward him in a grace- ful arc. He ducked, and in a mighty back- hand swing he brought up his thigh-bone club. It connected with a solid thud. The THE TERRORS OF ARYL 1109 round body fell, bounced, rolled away amid whipping appendages. “Set ’em up in the other alley!” he shout- ed gleefully. He heard a groan from Henley. Another ball floated toward him. He dodged that entirely, pounded his heel into the firm, round body on top of his superior, smashed the tentacle which promptly whipped around his leg on his own shin, cursed warmly, knocked down a couple of more of his strange adversaries. “Good oF club. I’m batting a thousand!”. Another furry ball rebounded and fell amid threshing limbs. “Keep clear of ’em and we’ll fight ’em off!” Henley wheezed at his side, lunging with the late bird’s spear and withdrawing it with difficulty, covered with a sticky, am- ber fluid. “That’s a fine thing for YOU to say!” Chuck retorted. “Where the (particularly described) blazes do these things have their heads?” “Never mind. Hit anything you see!” THREE of the bodies launched themselves at once. Henley impaled one, and couldn’t get his weapon out of the wound. Chuck knocked another down, but the third, with lightning rapidity, threw its tentacles about them, drawing them together until Chuck’s bullet head was jammed painfully into Henley’s throat. A questing tentacle end slid over their bodies, looking for a soft place. It slipped past Chuck’s chin. Ugh! He snapped at it with his teeth—clamped his rock-crushing molars on it—gagged—bit harder. It was as tough as rubber, sinewy— of a damp earthy flavor and odor. Another of the woolly bodies bumped into them— more coiling arms sought for purchase. Henley’s arms went around the body, hard, unyielding, like thin papier mache shells filled with pulp. He pulled at the wool, searched for an opening. At last he found something, a moist, gelatinous nodule the size of a man’s fist. He raked at it with clawing fingers. It burst in his hand and the creature dropped dead. “What was that?” he gasped, “its brain?” “Ugh!” from Chuck. Henley could not find the vulnerable spot of their other antagonist, but he began twisting the warm, wooly legs, almost doub- led up as they were to get down to their level. They came off with little dry pops, formed a weird tangle on the ground. The struggling men, carrying the weight of the tentacled body, tripped and fell. It struck a rock, cracked like a pumpkin. “Fooey! What a smell!” Henley pick- ed up his spear, pulling it with difficulty out of the tough shell. The heat and light of day were swiftly returning. The sky, from horizon to horizon, was bright with a silvery sheen, shallow and sinister. The tripod-animals, or such of them as had re- covered from Chuck’s club blows, had slunk away, leaving their dead on the field. His face gray, Chuck was undeniably sick. “Bob,” he gulped, “If you love me you’ll give me a dose of your medicinal Mars-Ti!” “Hanged if I don’t!” Henley growled, “if I lose my stripes! Suppose I’ll have to fill out seventy-seven apology forms when I get back to headquarters!” He handed over a small flat flask, breaking the official seal. Chuck tipped it to his lips, savoring the taste as he let it run down his throat, a drop at a time.	• “Just how much d’ye think is a dose?” Henley inquired caustically, shaking the few remaining drops in the bottom of the flask. Rather than put a stopper on such a small quantity, he drank it himself, throwing the flask away. “Oh, why is a hen?” Chuck inquired ir- relevantly and happily. He picked up his club. “Let’s push on.” The weird perspectives of Aryl were con- stantly changing, magnifying and minimi- zing everything seen; making distant objects seem near and near objects seem distant. They conjured up non-existing lakes in the valley bottom or standing at sharp angles in the sky; they crekted rock barriers across their path that melted as they walked through them. Or the illusion of clear, flat plains that resolved themselves eventual- ly into tumbled seas of volcanic rocks, glass- 1110 WONDER STORIES sharp and cruel, precluded any possibility of their forming an accurate idea of the distance they had traversed. -	The endless cliffs themselves sometimes disappeared, to be replaced by a shimmer- ing, outrageous parody of the sky. Then they could only wait until the kaleidoscopic meteorological changes should bring them back into view again. Henley’s belt chronometer showed that ten terrestrial hours had passed. In the brief day of Aryl it was now midnight, but the light, refracted from the day side, was stronger than ever, and the heat was oppres- sive. They were chronically short of water, and longed for another of the tempestuous show- ers of rain which, though unpalatable, could quench thirst. Henley was weak from hun- ger, and so, when they encountered one of the Arylian sludges, an animal resembling a very dull and heavy antelope with great, flat, shovel-edged horns, Chuck stalked it pa- tiently for half an hour. Just as he was about to leap out of the shelter of a rock to deliver the fatal stroke, it vanished into thin air. But the officer walked ahead to where he had last seen it, lunged with Hen- ley’s spear. There was a strangled cough and the dying sludge fell at his feet. Guided by his calls, for Chuck himself had vanished, Henley clambered over the rocks. They made a fire of the drooping, thick-leaved vegetation, in the seed-cycle, which they found nearby, and attacked the rather tough meat, supplemented with hard- tack and vitamin tablets. They abandoned the remains of the sludge to the insistent, 12-inch needle flies that lurk everywhere on Aryl. “Better take along one of his horns,” Hen- ley suggested. “It’ll make a first-rate bat- tle axe.” Chuck grinned, “This little ol’ club is good enough for me. Let ’em come, is all I •ay!” The Monster of the Flood THEY withdrew into the shelter of the branches of a gnarled old tree which for the want of a better name has been called the spike-cypress. Its long thorns lacerated their skins, reduced to still more pictures- que rags their bright red service uniforms. At the same time its dense boughs were the only shelter available against the great car- nivores whose trails they had encountered several times, and also guarded them against the unicorn birds, should any come that way. With their short-bladed service knives they hacked away enough of the thorns to allow themselves comfortable rest- ing places, and looking up through a dense network of drab, spiny, leafless small branches at the iridescent sky, they fell asleep. Henley, who always slept with his mouth open, snoring abominably, dreamed that he was being drowned in a sulphurous ocean. He sat up with a startled jerk, spat out a mouthful of warm, acrid water, flinched as the heavens split open with a dazzling violet band. No iridescent skies now, but a black unfathomable abyss that spewed its noisome water at them in sheets, in large blobs of dirty brown and black. Thunder of stun- ning violence equalled only on Venus shook the air. “What the Differentiated Profanity . . ” Chuck awoke to the comparative silence fol- lowing the thunderclap. Henley cleared his throat with a final cough. “Looks like rain,” he remarked mildly. CR-A-A-A-A-SH! Another blinding in- terplay of. titanic forces over their heads. So brief and intense were the flashes that they left impressed on the retinas of the two men frozen pictures of gnarled limbs, motionless in gemlike sheathings of water. “Hey Bob!” -	“What?” C-R-A-A-A-SH! A moment’s pause until the echoes rolled back. “Bob, how’d you like to be inside the World Series ball park right now?” “INSIDE? Hell, I’d be glad to be OUT- SIDE of it!” The interplay of lightning became more frequent, lacing the blackness, so it seemed, only a few feet over their heads, with rib- bons and loops of lethal fire. The wind, THE TERRORS OF ARYL 1111 rising, soon blew a gale, screaming raggedly through the tossing spiny branches, etched at hectic intervals, jewel-like, in dazzling light. Presently a new sound intruded itself—the rushing of a stream, the surf-roar of storm waters as they poured down the valley in an •	ever-increasing flood. Other sounds, too, could be heard in the intervals between the thunder-grunts, roars, screams. Strange shapes, nightmarish shapes, drifted past, limned against brown, dirty, foamy water in the lightning’s glare— gone by the next flash. Enormous, outrag- eous shapes, plated, armored, horrid* with spiny growths, rolled in the current, caught on snags for a moment, drifted on. “Bob!’' Chuck shouted into the corporal’s ear, “are you sure that Mars-Ti wjk govern- ment stuff?” “Sure!” Henley shouted back. “Sure it’s government stuff! I see ’em myself.” “Okay!” Chuck roared, much relieved. “I’d hate to see them things if it wasn’t!” The water had reached the lowest branch- es, and presently swimming things—well- eels, araboids, sleek, mottled sandrats driv- en out of their dank, underground run- ways, tried to climb in. A few succeeded, but the most of them, transfixed by the mer- ciless thorns, dropped off again and were swept away. Henley looked down at the squirming bodies, spat in distaste. “Fine company for a couple of gentle- men ! ” But the hullabaloo of the thunder com- pressed his w'ords, swept them away. Something parted the water, fitfully re- vealed. Something with a broad, shiny back at least fifty feet long and thirty feet wide. Something with an enormous domed head at the top of which was a shuttered bony hood. It came with the current, but not helpless- ly, directing its course purposefully with quick, sturdy strokes of its legs or paddles. A broad, blunt snout parted the thorny branches—parted them as easily and as cas- ually as a lady parts lace curtains. The tree shook as the snout struck the trunk, and several of the smaller fugitives fell into •••Horrid” means "set with many points” not “horrible”. the water or were pierced by the spines and died. The newcomer seemed to be resting. The hood opened, revealing a single, hexa- gonal eye that stared up into the tree fish- ily. The two men had secured good holds in anticipation of the shock and retained their places. They watched the monster anxious- ly in the flickering light. It did not seem to be particularly pugnacious, but it was of a species they had never even heard of, and they were willing to give themselves the benefit of the doubt. Th wind died down, and after long hours the rain and electrical storm traveled away, muttering over the cliffs up the valley. The darkness gave way to streamers of elfin light, suggestive of the aurora borealis in- tensified a thousand times. LOOKING in any direction, the prisoners of the flood could see an illimitable expanse of embroiled waters—water that flowed swiftly over hidden snags—water that dashed furiously over huge stones that obstructed its mad career. Water seemed to be dashing and foaming to the very hori- zon, probably a mirage, but this knowledge was a scanty source of comfort. The flood carried on its muddy bosom the carcasses of thousands of its victims—mostly the small- er animals, for the larger ones—except for the comparative few that had been trapped in the gorges at the beginning of the flood—* had escaped. The water was rising. And the enigmatic armored beast with it As if becoming aware of its opportunities, the animal’s single eye moved, in little jerky steps, almost as if it had clicked into place at each new position. It surveyed the branches among which it rested, and the small animals withdrew uneasily. Sudden- ly a vertical crack appeared in the vast head, starting below the snout and disappearing in the water. “Great suffocated coltoids!” Henley ex- claimed. “Its mouth runs up and down.” Which was the truth. Instead of the usual horizontally working jaw familiar to all zoo- logists, this creature’s jaws flexed sideways opening on a vertical line. 1112 WONDER STORIES It opened about six feet, and its tongue flashed. So rapidly that the eye could hard- ly follow it, the long, round corrugated ton- gue flicked out, enveloped one of the small animals, heedless of the thorns it crashed through, slid back between the jaws, which closed. Immediately they opened again,, and the tongue, poised, came out a few feet. In quick succession all of the living things on the lower branches were licked up, while the animals that had died were contemp- tuously rejected. The single eye clicked speculatively upward. Shifting its enormous bulk, the beast tried to raise its head. The tongue quested straight up, falling short of their perch by a scant two feet. Again and again it tried, and each time Henley stabbed at it with his needle-sharp avian lance. The weapon glanced off harmlessly and only for its ex- ceeding toughness would have been shat- tered. The shock of the impact nearly threw Henley down. It was evident that the water was rising fast, for the lower branches that had shelter- ed the recent small fugitives were now cov- ered. Chuck, staring down, suggested: “Our only chance is to put out its eye. Let me have the spear.” Henley shook his head. “No chance. You’d be picked off long before you got near enough.” Wham! The tongue, irritably threshing at their legs, had struck a lower branch, breaking it off. “Our only chance,” the corporal decid- ed, “is to jump and swim for it.” He said it lightly, knowing well that that was no chance at all. On all sides they were hem- med in by a maze of thorns set on slender branches. Nor could they go any higher, for their perch was already as high as the strength of the tree would bear. The only way out was down, close to the trunk, the way they had come up; for here was the only secure footing, and the thorns were less numerous. That way was barred by the monster. Another wall of water, the contribution of some tributary valley, raised the flood to a new crest. Rising with the water, the beast rubbed its horny snout six inches higher on the trunk. The two men stood up. “Say, Bob.” “Yeah?” Blistering remarks about the thorns. “Bob, you always liked those amber gal- lopers of mine?” “You mean the ones you swiped from me.” “The ones I rolled you for, and won.” “Yep, the ones you gypped me out of. Sure I liked ’em.” “Well, I’ve thought it over. Don’t ex- pect to need ’em where I’m going. So here they are.” Henley glanced at the elegant spotted cubes in his big palm, stuck them into his pocket. “That i*eminds me,” he drawled, “I never paid you the buck you won from me the time we played jaw-bone at the Deimos station.” He handed over a small crinkled metallic strip, the new Interplanetary currency. “Thanks!” Chuck smiled. ' So the men of the I. F. P. jest in the face of death. The rough tongue whipped at their feet. It scraped the glassy bark off the limbs they stood on. “Well, Chuck,” Henley remarked quietly. “It won’t be long now. Water’s still going up.” Chuck took his hand, pressed it firmly. “Count on me to give him indigestion!” “You will!” Henley unbuttoned a pock- et of his soggy uniform, removing a small metal cylinder. He took out a thin shiny scroll and a stylus—prepared to make his last report. The cylinder was capped with a radio-active substance and later, when searching parties looked for them, the radio- activity would be detected by delicate in- struments and lead to the prompt recovery of the report. From: CpI. Robt. Henley, B118. To: Commander I. F. P. Subject: Pursuit of Pirate Nirvo. 1.	Refer radiophotric message date Sept. 29, 1998 Terres. 2.	Shot down by Nirvo inner Sorpos- phere Aryl 66br97AA. 3.	Nirvo’s ship last direct. Eq. 5437 (inv). THE TERRORS OF ARYL 1113 4.	Believe Nirvo’s position (approx.) Eq. 5442. Est. 5.	Treed by monster, unclassified. Description: Length— CHAPTER III Over the Falls! A SHOUT from Chuck interrupted the report. Bearing down upon them with terrific speed, its long tangled roots whip- ping through the water like innumerable snakes, was a gigantic tree torn from the soil at some place far up the valley. Many trees had passed them, some close by, but this was the biggest of them all. Its rough, scaly bark ran incessantly with water that was thrown up by the cross-waves., Its crown had been broken off, nothing remain- ing of the upper part of the trunk but long, saffron splinters, but the trunk itself, fully 25 feet thick and 300 feet long, was unbrok- en, hurtling toward them, an irresistible na- tural ram. It struck their beleaguerer squarely in the back, forced the animal under, ground it to bits. It tore the spiked cypress out of the ground, shearing its massive roots with the ease of a knife cutting butter. The officers barely had time to scramble down, receiv- ing some ugly thorn slashes. They fell into the water, seized the wiry roots of the great tree, which had not even paused in its thund- erous course, climbed to safety at -last. There were plenty of rifts in the craggy bark to cling to, so they were in no great danger of being thrown off. But their crude weapons were gone. Once again they faced the savage life of Aryl with practically nothing but their bare hands. The water was carrying them along with a speed of about fifteen miles an hour, and gradually there was a change in the sur- roundings, readily seen in a rare period of atmospheric stability. The air was clear, suffused with a brilliant greenish-yellow light which distinguished objects with hair- sharp definition. The tossing storm waters began to run with a deeper, smoother rhy- thm, banks appeared distantly on either side, profusely covered with lush vegetation ut- terly different from that seen in the relative- ly sterile rocklands they had quitted. It was evident that the flood had dis- charged into a large, deep river, which car- ried them, more silently but still more swift- ly to some mysterious destination. The water slowly changed from a muddy brown to a deep, transparent purple, due, no doubt, to minerals in solution. The cliffs, coming out of the watery mirage, receded more and more until they faded out in the hazy dis- tance. Henley sat on one of the enormous warts which studded the tree trunk. His ragged uniform was scattered around him, steaming, for the heat was again appreciable. He was his old rugged self again, a young man whose long muscles flowed under his hide like a panther’s. For hours he had lolled there, soaking up the rich actinic rays, which had given his skin a healthy ruddy glow. He looked fit, and was fit again. Equally as naked, the short, heavy body of Chuck lay between two bark humps. Chuck was taking his sleep while Henley watched. Henley rose, walked over and prodded the steadily rising and falling ribs. “Everybody out, Old Timer!” he yelped cheerily. Chuck got up. “Hey, I only been sleep- ing about five minutes!” “Argue with the clock—don’t chew the fat with me.” Henley slumped into the vacat- ed hollow with a contented sigh. “Going to get on some clothes before I start peeling.” Chuck sorted out his rags. “Where the Indigo Blazes are we anyway?” “Search me!” Henley threw his forearm over his eyes. “Who cares? We’re going the way we want to, and don’t have to walk.” “Yeah, we’re going all right. But how d’ye know it’s the right way?” “Now why bring that up?” Henley dropped off to sleep. It was almost pleasant there on the gently heaving bosom of the racing purple river. There was life aplenty on all sides of them, and under them. The bodies of the drowned victims, and those still feebly swimming, had been snatched down long ago by long, mos- sy jaws, set with serrated rows of four-inch 1114 WONDER STORIES purple-stained teeth. On the shore great lumpy herbivores munched the fleshy tree- tops by the ton. Often there was stark, swift tragedy, when packs of oulets, tawny embodiments of destruction, flashed down from nearby stem-palms, ripping off yards of the stiff gray hides, actually burying themselves in the still living carcases of their victims. Often one or more of the oulets, which would hav.e made a sabre-toothed tiger seem like a purring kitten by comparison, were crushed and killed by the clumsy attempts of the vegetarians to escape, but more often they dragged down their prey to the accom- paniment of cascading hideous yowls which frightened even the big tree-leeches so that they dropped helplessly to the rotting jungle floor. Life is cheap on Aryl—cheap and abun- dant. CHUCK had stood about three hours of his watch when he become aware of a low roar—a beating, sinister diapason under- lying and dominating the myriad jungle noises, all the way from the hoarse coughs of ground-shaking monsters to the intense shrill obligato of the insects which swarmed over the nearby marshes. Sometimes it was an actual sound that could be perceived by hu- man ears—again but the mere consciousness of its existence. He waited another half hour, hesitating to awaken Henley, who, he knew, had really stood more than a fair share of the watch. It is one thing to grouse over a disagreeable duty, but some- thing else again, quite outside the code of the I. F. P., to let your comrade carry part of your load. At last, however, Chuck did not dare to delay longer. He shook Henley. “Sorry, old fellow, but I think we’re com- ing to a waterfall.” Henley sat up, diagnosed the sound in an instant. “It is!” He looked at the shore, slip- ping by at growing speed. “We better get off here without delay.” “Over there?” Chuck inquired, as the flashing hide of a jumping oulet showed for an instant. “Wel-ell no. Hardly!” They foamed past a barren rock outcropping in mid- stream. “More of those ahead. Could we make ’em?” “I’ll try anything once.” Henley grasped a root, leaned out, hold- ing his tattered coat near the water. It was promptly snatched out of his hand by an enormous swift-water clam, anchored to bed- rock against the tugging current by a long ligament. The clam submerged with its bright red trophy and Henley scrambled into his underwear. “We’ll ride the falls,” he decided. “Get into one of the bark channels and hang on for life.” He squeezed into a narrow crevice barely big enough to hold him, bracing his elbows and knees. The slight overhang of the bark made his position fairly secure. Chuck did the same close by. The noise of the falls was overwhelming. The river ahead, as much of it as they could see from their cramped positions, was cover- ed with a veil of mist. The trees became a heliotrope blur. In the next instant they were aware of a feeling of lightness, of ex- hilaration. The fall seemed to last min- utes, though in reality it was only a few sec- onds. Then the tree struck the water. It was like riding a great ship down— hardly any sense of shock as the butt struck the water, though roots were stripped off and bark cracked. Majestically the enor- mous trunk plunged into a deep pool, shoot- ing far under a jagged overhang of water- worn rock a full quarter of a mile from the falls, like an arrow aimed slantwise. There it jammed into a crevice from which it could not release itself. As soon as he felt the shock Henley struck out into the water. He wanted to get away before the commotion of the great tree’s ar- rival had ceased to distract the attention of the always hungry water denizens who would surely be inhabiting the pool. He swam with long, powerful upward strokes, strain- ing his smarting eyes for the purplish glow of the surface. Although the water pres- sure soon diminished appreciably, there was only Cimmerian blackness. Henley had been under water over a min- THE TERRORS OF ARYL 1115 n'te, and needed air badly. What a miser- able end it would be to drown like a rat now! He was whirled around in a sudden eddy—the wake of a fish. Evidently he was not yet discovered, or he would not have survived that incident. Although he was in utter darkness, Henley instinctively swam upward. There was no time to lose now. If the overhanging rock ledge did not leave room for air, it would be just too bad. His lungs ached, and he had to exhale a little air. His upstretched hand struck something hard and slippery—the rock roof. His head followed, until it too struck the rock. Water lapped at his eyes. By bending his head backward and floating, Henley was able to breathe. Here the darkness was re- lieved by a very faint purple glow, but no welcome streak of light showed in any di- rection. Therefore the rock must dip deep- ly into the water on the pool side. He might be able to dive under that, as the log had dipped under and carried him in—if he only knew in which direction the pool lay. By following the slight upward slope of the roof, Henley gradually found room to swim in normally, and a few more strokes brought him to a sizeable cavern. By cau- tiously swimming around he found a place where he could crawl out. He rested on a rock, clad only in his trunks and hob-nailed shoes. His undress did not inconvenience him, for it was warm. In a moment, now, he would dive and try to find Chuck. It was sure hell the way the Service ate up good men! He heard a scraping sound in the inky blackness back of him. It made his scalp prickle. First the scraping, then a pause. Then the scraping, coming nearer—the sound of heavy breathing. Henley stared, hoping to see glowing eyes which would dis- close the position of his new enemy. Very cautiously he crouched, looked around for a loose rock. The silence was shattered by a roar: “Hey, Corporal, where the undoubtedly condemned heck are you?” “Chuck! You lousy skunk! Where did you come from?” Bursting with gladness Henley stumbled over to him, barking his shins. He hugged Chuck and pounded him. •	“Ow, lay off!” Chuck howled. “I got here about the same way you did, I guess. Pretty near drowned at that, and feel all busted up.” “Chuck, I feel a little draft. Suppose there’s a way out of this?” “Yeh. It comes from a crack back a lit- tle ways. Seems to lead up gradual.” At Headquarters! THE rock they were imprisoned in was a form of limestone, and in past ages, when the river was higher, it had been thor- oughly honeycombed by the solvent action of the water. After trying several blind leads, they at last found a main channel, and for many hours they groped blindly through galleries, vast underground halls, barely passable cracks. Having lost all sense of direction, they tried to travel always on as- cending grades, on the theory that this would biing them eventually to the source of the long dried-up ancient tributary to the big river which had made these tunnels. Once they stopped in a dry, warm crevice to sleep. “How’d you like to sink your teeth into a steak about two inches thick, smothered in onions?” Chuck voiced his wistful thought. Henley growled, “One more crack like that and you’ll be a casualty!” They must have traversed at least ten miles, which took them 32 hours, when they discerned a faint light on the roof ahead. Joyfully they rushed forward. The light came from a crack in the floor. They could hear the murmur of voices, but could not understand a word. It was evi- dent that there was a lighted room under their feet. The floor was about eight feet thick at that point, and the crack, wide enough at the top, seemed barely a quarter inch wide at the bottom. Henley crawled down, bracing his el- bows and legs to get a glimpse of the room. He found that the crack was really in a thin shell of plaster with which the larger cleft in the rock had been patched. It appeared to be strong, and he rested his hands on it, while Chuck, lying on his chest, held his ankles. 1116 WONDER STORIES Without warning the plaster cracked, and Henley dropped through. Chuck sagged, but held 011. Henley’s sweaty face appeared in the strong light. “Let go and save yourself. That’s or- ders!” he shouted. “Orders be frizzled!” Chuck held on more tightly. But his slippery resting place was not equal to the occasion. Under their com- bined weight he slipped off, followed Hen- ley through the crack, landing asprawl on the floor. Both were shaken up, dazzled by the light, but not really hurt. Blinking, they looked about them. They were in a long room, obviously once a part of the cave system but now squared up and leveled with concrete. At the further end was a barred door, and at the ceiling, near the center, was a powerful light tube. About thirty feet away, at one end of the room, was a group of about fifteen women, richly dressed in the fashionable, clinging metallic robes of the day, more revealing, by accentuation, than practically no clothing at all. It would be hard to say who was the more astonished, but some of the wo- men gave evidence of approaching hysteria. A girl of about 22, wearing the blue robe of a space ship radio operator, detached herself from the others. She advanced a few steps and scrutinized them carefully. She was about medium height, slender, dark-haired, violet-eyed. A fillet of metallic lace, slightly bedraggled, held her hair in place. Her provocative features were puz- zled, but showed no trace of fear. Chuck and Henley stared at her, and at last the latter gasped: “Sally! What the—what you doing here?” “Why—it isn’t Bob Henley, is it?” “Sure! Don’t you know me? Don’t you remember the time I rode in your ship on the Neptune course?” “Oh Bob!” She ran impulsively and kissed him. “Hey!” Chuck interposed, “He ain’t even decent. Do you kiss me?” “Of course, you lovely brush-faced tramps!” Chuck closed his eyes blissfully. “It seems so good to see some of the old gang!” In a moment she said: “Reall^ you ought to get some clothes!” “I’ve been wondering,” Henley agreed, “where I could get some.” He looked spec- ulatively at a rather stout woman in the group that still stared at them stupidly. “I take it this is a prison.” “Nirvo’s place,” Sally said briefly. “Hold- ing us for ransom. The last batch was ransomed about a month ago.” “How about the men?” A shadow crossed her face. “Dead. They started a fight.” “Yeah?” Both of the officers’ eyes were slits. Some of the missing ships’ crews had betlh friends of theirs. “Yes, dead. They didn't have a chance.” “All right!” Henley snapped. “Now about the layout here. Any guards around?” “Some electrical alarms outside the door, I guess. Guards bring us our meals.” “How many guards?” “Two, but they’re armed.” “Only two!” Chuck flexed his muscles in savage anticipation. “All right,” Henley said, “I want that fat lady’s robe. Get her into the corner and screen her, if you like, but get me the robe.” THE fat woman started to scream at once, but her friends, overjoyed at the prospect of escape, overwhelmed her, stripped her of her expensive garment, and left her furious with only a maze of rubber supporting bands and a blanket to shield her dignity. Henley wrapped the robe about his tall frame, throwing a burnished stream- er over his face like a veil. Motioning to Chuck to stand close to the wall beside the door, he waited. The fat woman’s screams served a useful purpose. Two bored guards, with scanty beards on their chins and cheeks, who wore the yellow pea-jacket uniforms of the pi- rate, unbarred the door and entered. Their projectors were carelessly holstered. Henley stepped out, approaching them swiftly. They looked at his ungainly form with amusement, realizing too late that this was no woman, but two hundred pounds of decidedly male battle and bloodshed. THE TERRORS OF ARYL 1117 •S* Henley caught the nearest with a blow to the jaw that slammed him against the wall. Chuck, growling, brought his muscular forearm down on the neck of the other, kill- ing him almo/st at once. They dashed into the hall, Hfcnley’s robe fluttering. Sally, with one glance at the fainting women, stooped and took a short thin sword from the scabbard on the dead guard’s body. Henley saw her following. “Get back!” he hissed. “Get on!” she hissed back. “It’s nip and tuck now.” Somewhere, muffled by many feet of rock and concrete, a siren was shrieking. In some manner they had set off the alarm. They came to the end of the passage. Warned by a sixth sense, Henley stopped them. He lay down on the floor and carefully peered around the corner. He saw a Nirvo guard with a projector leveled at the place where they could be expected to come dashing around. Carefully he brought his own wea- pon to bear. The guard never knew what hit him. They ran up the other passage which was interminable. Then, when they saw the light of another opening, they were stopped by a metal gate. Chuck leveled his weapon at the lock. “Wait! Save the juice!” Henley ran back to where he had seen some lengths of pipe, brought back a piece. With this he was able -to pry the lock apart. As they dashed through there came a soundless flash, almost in their faces. They stopped just in time. Someone stationed at one of the small square windows high up on one wall, which were apparently at ground level, had fired a moment too soon. Chuck released a flash at the window but could not tell if it had taken effect. “No use saving juice now,” Henley said. He took Chuck’s projector, pointed it and his own on the outside wall. Under the com- bined power the stone flew into hot dust, deluging them with stinging sand and fill- ing the corridors with a dense, white cloud. They helped one another out of the narrow hole, blistering their hands on the still hot edges, and ran for life and freedom, making for a clumn of low-growing, dense vegeta- tion some hundred yards away across an open field. A guard, startled, reached for his weapon, but Chuck’s weapon flashed first. Sally snatched up the guard’s weapon and inspected it as she ran. “Short-circuited.” She dropped it. Back of the concealing growth they felt more secure, but Henley, with his custom- ary forethought, compelled them to drop into a drainage ditch which ran at right angles to their course. It was disagreeable and muddy, but a moment later Henley’s strategy was justified, when all vegetation where they had just been disappeared in a surge of light. They paused under a culvert, reviewed their situation. “We’re not out of the woods yet, just because they haven’t followed. They may think we’re dead, but Nirvo is too wise to take a chance on our rays when he does- n’t have to. He can sit tight till we starve. In the mean time, let’s follow this ditch.” They splashed through the shallow water for about a quarter of a mile, but never, as careful reconnoitering proved, were they out of sight of the rambling fortress. The ditch faithfully parallelled the low, rock-bound buildings. Another hundred yards further on a slight dip of the ground level revealed something that brought a cry from them: “Look! His cruiser hangar!” There could be no doubt about it. The structure arising out of the field ahead and to the right like a silver bubble was Nirvo’s hangar. It glistened in the failing light. Workmen were busy there, for the oval open- ings glowed golden. Henley’s heart leaped. If the darkness deepened they might be able to creep across the open space overpower the ship’s crew, and seize the vessel. Then Nirvo and his crew would be marooned and would have to await their arrest when the I. F. P. got around to it. The gray striations slowly faded out. Now for the break! Nirvo turned on his lights! There were seven of them, high in the air —so high, on thin borium poles, that they had passed unnoticed. Now they flooded the entire terrain with their powerful radiant 1118 WONDER STORIES flood, even illuminating the distant jungle. Chuck raised his projector, sighting at the nearest light, but Henley struck it down. “You lunkhead! Want to show ’em just where we are? Let me handle this thing.” He set his focalizer so that the weapon emitted a thin beam, no larger than a man’s finger, but of maximum concentration. In that powerful glare the little beam would be invisible. He aimed at a light approx- imately in the middle of the row, about four hundred yards back of them, pressed the trigger. Instantly the light flashed out. In quick succession he swept the beam over the others, but away from them. This gave Nirvo’s men the impression that the fugi- tives were in the darkened area, and imme- diately every weapon was brought to bear on the darkened front. This took about five minutes, but at last the pale, deadly beams were turned on, and the effect was terrible. The soil itself was disintegrated, flying up in a dense cloud of dust that settled again, a dark pall, through which the projectors cut. As the charge cylinders became empty, one by one, the intensity of the barrage les- sened. If there had been anything living out there, it was not living now, but the water, disassociated into hydrogen and oxygen, burned again with infernal heat. Three lights remained, those illuminating the field about the hangar. Henley elected to burn out two, leaving the other to Chuck. This was a matter of seconds only. Then the three of them started their dash. They were at the hangar door before Nirvo real- ized that they were attacking, not fleeing. The two officers, charging together, over- whelmed the guards at the door, who had been interested spectators of the barrage and whose eyes had been dazzled to the fire- works. A couple of greasy mechanics crawled out from under a landing cylinder just in time to be knocked cold. A challenge rang out. Another guard, in- side the ship, had heard the noise. Henley saw his shadow before he himself appeared. He drew Chuck and Sally close under the side of the towering, egg-shaped vessel. The guard looked out, weapon ready. He saw the unconscious forms of the four men on the floor, hesitated. He had strict orders not to leave the ship. After a moment h$ stepped out, however, very alert. Henley’s powerful hand shot up and out. He seized the projector, turned it up. Chuck uncorked a punch that started from the floor. The guard, slammed half across the hangar, rolled limply. Inside! Nirvo, apprised of the occur- -rence in the hangar by his televisor spying system, had brought a freshly charged pro- jector in line with the hangar. The metal sides curled and crumpled like tinfoil. The solid door of the battle cruiser slammed shut. The ship was armored with imperm- ite—was therefore immune to the rays. On- ly a chance radiation directly into the ori- fice of a lateral nozzle could hurt them. Henley rushed into the control room, quickly found the levitation wheel, for the arrangement was practically standard. No time, of course, to open the launching top. The stout cruiser crashed up through, bounced down on the wreckage a few times to crush the auxiliary Juetnecars that were probably under there. Henley took it into the air. “You man the projectors,” he ordered Chuck. The latter slid down the manpipe, took his station at the very bottom of the ship. He turned on the impermite ray (lec- tor, flooding the terrain with light. They were passing at a height of about a hundred yards over the fortifications. No need for orders; they would rescue the other prison- ers. Chuck would know what to do when the time came. Nirvo was futilely raying them, and Chuck retaliated with his power beam on stop 9, the maximum aperture. The stone and concrete flew to dust, but the projectors and their crews, in impermite turrets, were not injured. The great egg-shaped fighting craft floated slowly toward the prison end, where the dense forest encroached closely on the fort- ress. They could see the breach where they had come out of the underground gallery, and, directed by Sally, Chuck sliced away the rock as far as he dared. The cruiser came down on the wreckage, the gravitor at .012. It landed without a jar- “Just point it,” Chuck instructed Sally, THE TERRORS OF ARYL 1119 “and whenever you see anything, let ’er flicker.” She took the big director grip and peered through the sights. Sheltered by the ship, Chuck let himself out, and doubling, scurried through the ruined galleries. He found the prison with- out difficulty, the two guards still on the floor. Pne of them groaned. The women were in a state of abject terror, and he had to drag half of them to the ship by main force. Once, rounding a corner with a struggl- ing charge, he almost ran into a Nirvo sol- dier, weaponless, who had become isolated. The fellow was perfectly willing to fight, however,-and delayed Chuck several min- utes before he was battered, senseless, to the floor. At last the rescue was completed. Chuck wiped the dirt and sweat off his brow, pulled the door shut with relief. Sally, her pretty face, high-colored, released a final blast of energy at the pirate cohorts, who were try- ing to approach behind impermite shields. And then, with swift, sickening acceleration, the craft leaped into the air. * * * Corporal Henley, his lean face shaven and clean, drowsed in the navigator’s chair. “How do I look?” Sally, miraculously refreshed and rested, stood at the door. “Like me?” Henley as at her side in three swift strides. 1 “Do I LIKE you? Why you—you—” Her wonderful eyes peered at him through long lashes. “I know what you mean,” she smiled ten- derly, “You mean you LOVE me!” Henley did not reply, but swept her into an embrace so fierce that only her pliability saved her from injury. “Atta boy, Bob!” Chuck, shaved and scrubbed to the quick, a clean bandage around his head, stood at the door, strain- ing the seams of his yellow jacket. “Don’t I rate in on this, just a little?” Chuck asked, after a moment, with odd wist- fulness. “Sure you do!” Sally said, never taking her eyes away from Henley’s. “Look out in the passage, what Nirvo’s op. left in the radio cabin for you.” Chuck looked, picked up a lusty, Yl -liter flask of Mars-Ti, nearly full. His sentimen- tality forgotten, he removed the stopper and sniffed the stout fumes. “Oh, well,” he said comfortably, shoving the flask into his pocket, “a woman is only a woman, but this—this is medicinal!” The End IT WAS A CHASE THROUGH INNUMERABLE WORLDS for that unknown Master C-X that led three valiant men to "The Scarlet Planet” (by Don H. Lemon) t aVav/ where they encountered a civilization whose nature and customs defied the rea- v/ son and imagination of man. Beautiful women vampires who died voluntarily by drowning and were immortalized in their tombs; half-human beasts; strange cities and stranger instruments of torture all mark this marvelous novel-length story. RAY CUMMINGS adds to the power of this issue by his intense drama of the conflict of three desperate hu- mans fighting off the death of suffocation and starvation in interplanetary space. Adrift . . . alone . . . they struggled—in “The Mark of the Meteor” The scientist revealed at last—at his best and at his worst—is a strange creature. In “The Man of Bronze” (by A. L. Fierst) we find an unusual story of stupendous scientific weapons . . . the conflict of nations be- hind the scenes . . . torture and triumph for some . . . and disaster for others . . . Edsel Newton	»- has written for this issue a very unusual story “The Hour the Conqueror Came” The strange concoction of a weird brain—multiple—is destined to play an important part, in the lives of people. It spreads . . . engulfs , . . and leaves nothing to mark its path of ruin ... Also in this issue "The Martian Nemesis” by George B. Beattie “Pithecanthropus Island” by I. R. Nathanson AND OTHERS ALL IN THE WINTER 1931 WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY NOW ON ALL NEWSSTANDS Back to 20,000 A.D. By Nathan Schachner Arthur L. Zagat (Illustration by Marchicni) Our hair, our clothes were scorching from the terrific heat .... th« dense fuming air was a solid wall .... But still we drove on. 1120 BACK TO 20,000 A. D. 1121 4tO EMEMBER Tom Jenkins and the Cl story of the Vanishing Wood?”* “Will I ever forget it? Say, I still dream about the Jed. That naked, gigantic brain, encased in its quartz ball, floating high in the air and ruling a world by the sheer power of its superhu- man intelligence!” We were in Sid’s laboratory. A place that always fascinated me with its queerly twisted shapes of glass, its gleaming coils of wire, its softly purring motors. I don’t know anything about those things—I’m just a re- porter hammering out murders, and investi- gations, and stick-ups at so much per col- umn inch. Often enough, in the years we have palled together, Sid has tried to drum into my head something of the mat- ters that absorb his life but he always has thrown up his hands in despair. Over at the University, where they call him Professor Chapin, my chum is considered a brilliant teacher, and his stud- ents in physical chem- istry idolize him—but he hasn’t been able to teach me a thing. A ’phone call from him had routed me out that morning. He was very mysterious about it, just said that I must get up to his place at once, he had some- thing important to show me. He had hung up on my impatient questions, so there was *‘‘In 20,000 A.D" September 1030, WONDER nothing left for me to do but get into my clothes and chase uptown. “Yes,” I continued, “I remember Tom Jenkins very well. But did you drag me up here at this unearthly hour to ask me that?” Sid grinned. “It’s past eleven. To any- one but a night-owl re- porter this is the mid- dle of the day. But I won’t hold you in sus- pense any longer. I’ve got a letter from Jen- kins. Here it is.” He tossed me a grimy sheet of rough gray paper. The pencilled scrawl bulked large across it, childish, un- formed, just the sort of hand one would expect Tom Jenkins to write —if he could write at all. “Deer Perfesser The letter began, “i take my pen in hand to rite you about some- thing I got to tell you. I hop this finds you in good health and mis- ter Dunn the same. Ma has had a touch of the rumatics this fall and the gray mare has the founders but others wys we are all o.k. “i am in grate trub- ble and i dont no wat to do. charlee is heer not charlee jons the blaksmith but charlee from the cuntry wat i told you about and wat mister Dunn wrote the piece about, i got him hid but i dont no wat to do with him. wil you come out heer and advis me wat to do. “i hop this find you in as good helth as it leeves me and reman your frend Thomas Jenkins.” wJ rnO those readers who\^ f 1 read “In 20,000 A.D.”1 the present sequel must be very welcome for it not only carries on the great adven- tures of that fateful time of the distant future but also introduces newer and more amazing experiences. When we look back over the history of the human \ race, say for the past 18,000 years, and then project it ahead for 18,000 years more we can get a good index of the unbelievable changes that will occur to us before the year 20,000. We know that the ten- dency is for the race’ to be- come more and more intel- lectual and less emotional; and for it to consciously rather than unconsciously evolve, as we control our en- vironment more and more. Arthur Brisbane once said that the man of the future will be a cold calculating chess player who will be al- most all brain and little body; and he will have to be carried around on air cush- ions to avoid even the most delicate of shocks to his ner- vous system. Our authors go several steps further than Mr. Brisbane in their prophecies and give us pic- tures of a future world that I are almost unmatched for *\their imaginativeness! 1122 WONDER: STORIES I gave vent to a long whistle as I finished the unpolished screed. “Charlie—here!” I exclaimed, “what does the man mean?” r “I should imagine just what he says.” Sid was bending over a metal tank of some kind, doing something to what ever was im- mersed in the greasy fluid it contained. “But—but it’s incredible. Why, Charlie won’t be born for 18000 years yet. Be- sides, he was killed by the Jed during the rebellion.” That was jumbled enough, but what would you say if you were talking about someone from thousands of years in the future? “No less incredible than Jenkins’ story. And you believed that. After all, Tom came back from 20,000	A.D.— what’s to pre- vent Charlie fr6m travel- ling in time in the same man- ner ? Re- member, the farmer 1 a d didn’t see him die. We just assumed that he had.” That was just like my chum. You couldn’t feaze him. But my poor brain was spinning like a top. One thing I knew, however. Hell and high water wouldn’t prevent me from going out to Blaymont and finding out what it was all about. “When do we start?” “Just as soon as I finish this test I’m run- ning.” “How long will that be?” Sid glanced at his wrist watch. “About forty-seven minutes.” About forty-seven minutes. You can’t beat those scientists! “What’s the matter with finishing it when you get back?” “Pipe down, young fella me lad. If I stop now it’ll take me just three weeks to get back to the point I’ve reached. Jen- ARTHUR L. ZAGAT kins and Charlie, and the Vanishing Wood will just have to wait three quarters of an hour longer.” ,— Sid was wiser than he knew. Had he stopped the test then, it would have been far longer than three weeks before he could write finis to that experiment. * * * The sleepy Long Island town hadn’t changed an iota since, six months before, we had walked up the road to the little farmhouse. That had been in the early spring of ’32. Now it was fall,- and, while the day had been warm, the sharp morning chill made me 'wish I had worn a coat. Sid didn’t seem to mind it, as he strode along, though h e weighs a hun- dred and for- ty pounds to my two hun- dred and ten. Tom him- s e 1 f opened the door, and his honest face lit up when he saw us. I thought h i s great paw would crack the bones in my hand when he grasped it. “Gosh, I’m glad you’ve come,” he burst out, “I’m near looney with worriment.” “What’s it all about, Tom? Is it straight what you wrote me?” Sid drove right to the point. Jenkins’ grin of greeting gave way to a worried, almost furtive look. “Straight, as God is my witness. Charlie’s here. I got him hid out in the Vanishing Wood.” He glanced back over his shoulder. “But say, I don’t want maw to hear. I’ll take you to him, and tell you about it on the way.” Across 18,000 Years! THE strong reek of kerosene came to my nostrils as Tom fumbled with a lantern. NATHAN SCHACHNER BACK TO 20,000 A. D. 1123 Then we were walking across the fields, the bobbing circle of light making the darkness a solid black wall pressing close about us. “You see, it was like this,” Tom began. “1 been down to the store for some ’east for ma, and takes the short cut that goes along the edge of the Vanishing Wood. I ain’t afraid of goin’ near it any more. I know I’m safe so long ’s I don’t set foot inside it. 1 was hoppin’ right along, ’cause I wanted to get home before dark when sud- den like I heard somethin’ moving right in- side the Wood. ‘That’s queer,* says I to myself, ‘there ain’t no creatures ever goes in there.’ I stopped, and peered in where I heard the noises. They’d stopped, too, an’ I couldn’t see nothin’. 1 was just about going* on when I heard a voice, callin’ kind of low. ‘Tom,’ it says, ‘Tom, come here.’ “Well, you coulda knocked me over with a feather. For I knew that voice! I start- ed shakin’ all over. ‘It can’t be,’ I thinks, tryin’ to hold myself from shakin’. ‘He’s dead. The Jed melted him.' “But the voice comes again. ‘Tom, help me!’ And now 1 was sure it was Charlie’s voice, Charlie that I’d seen last in the City of Mothers just before Karet led the crowd of Robots to fight the Jed. I don’t take no stock in ghosts or such, but after what hap- pened to me the last time, 1 ain’t takin’ no chances. So I hollered, ‘Come out here in the light and let me see who you are.’ “The rust 1 in’ came again, and then I seen somethin* big movin’ behind the trees and brush. Then who should step out but old Charlie hisself! “He just showed hisself for a minute, *n jumped back. But he looks so scared, and so yearnin’ like I forgot to be scared myself and I go right in after him. Sure enough, there he is, the old Charlie. He’s all scratched and tore by the brambles, and he’s thin and worn looking, but there ain’t no mistake about who it is. “He grabs me round with all four of his arms, and he hangs onto me like a big baby what’s lost. ‘Tom, Tom,’ he says, almost cryin*, ‘how glad 1 am I found you.’ We came to a tumble-down stone fence, and scrambled over it while Tom held the lantern high. Not far ahead, a blacker bulk in the darkness showed the wood for which we were aiming. Jenkins took up the story again. “After I got him calmed down a bit I find out what’s happened. It seems he and three or four other of the mistakes* had kind o’ guessed what was going to happen when the Jed started talkin’. So they wrig- gled out of the crowd quick just like I did and beat it into the Vanishing Wood. Seems like the power of the Jed somehow couldn’t get in there. And the Masters dassent go in after ’em ’cause it's forbidden for thous- ands and thousands of years. Charlie and his friends were scared to death too, but they all thought there couldn’t nothing worse happen to ’em in there than what they seen happen to Karet and the Robots. “One o’ the bunch had a box o’ the little white pills they use for food, and there’s a spring in the wood. So there ain’t no dan- ger o’ their starving right away. But they don’t dare poke their noses out, and what they’ve got won’t last very long, so they’re wcrryin’ consid’rable. They all kind o* look up to Charlie and make him the boss, and he feels it’s up to him to find some way o’ gettin’ out o’ the mess. “He remembers me, and what 1 had told him of how I come to his time. So, one day he gets up his coUrage and jumps into the queer twisted place I told you’s in the mid- dle o’ the Wood. HVT7TIEN the twistin' an’ the turnin’ is ▼ » over he finds hisself on the ground. Just like me, he thought nothing’d happen- ed, but he calls to the rest o’ his gang and they don’t answer. Then he goes to the edge of the wood and sees the cows and mares in old Man Brown’s meadow. That gives him a terrible scare, he’s never seen nothin' like’ em before. I disremember’ve told you there ain’t no animals left in 20,000 A.D.” We shook our heads. He hadn’t told us that. Tom continued: “So he dassn’t come out. ’Bout *n hour later he heard somethin' coming along, and ♦The “mUtakM" were those of the Blare class in the world of 20.000 A.D. who hid been accidental!? en- dowed with intelligence during the manipulation of their egg4 before birth. 1124 WONDER STORIES when he looks out, who should it be but ► me.” We had reached the edge of the copse. Round us in the lush meadow I could hear the countless small scutterings and pipings of the country night. But there, among the tall trunks of the age-old trees, was silence, dead silence. Not even the sound of a vag- rant breeze whispering in the foliage. Tom had halted, and I drew nearer to my com- panions for comfort. The lantern light made a ring of safety about us. “Well, sirs, I knowed that I couldn’t bring him out and show him around. Just think what would’ve happened if the folks round here saw a black man twelve foot high, with four arms, four eyes, and big flaps where his ears ought to be. They’d uv shot him, or gone looney, or something. I tell you, I was stumped. “But after a while I thought of you. You’d know what to do. So I told Charlie to be calm and patient, and I’d bring some wise men out to see him. Meantime I brought him out bedclothes and somethin’ to eat. It was funny to see him at his vic- tuals. He ain’t never had nothin’ but them white pills, and he ain’t got no teeth. So I had to cut up everything very small for him like they do for a baby. He couldn’t under- stand why he had to eat such a lot, and I had an awful time explainin’ to him. “He’s just a little ways in here. Let’s go in now.” We plunged into the thicket. The inter- lacing foliage overhead blotted out the quiet stars. We seemed to have passed from real- ity, to be moving, dreamlike, in a timeless, spaceless land. Sid muttered something under his breath, I could not quite catch it. The waving lantern light picked out a bulk, a huge form, lying motionless on the ground. The sense of unreality deepened. The actuality of this visitor from a hun- dred and eighty centuries in the future transcended my wildest imaginings. Jen- kins’ description had been accurate enough, but somehow, the conception had not quite struck home. Writing of him, I had per- sisted in visualizing something akin to the individuals I knew. A freak, but nothing quite as far beyond experience, as different, as this. Yet there was something oddly human about him. The blackness of him struck me first—a dull blackness that swallowed light. And his size! Twelve feet runs glibly from our tongues, but try to conceive a man twelve feet tall. A six-footer is well above the or- dinary run, seven makes a giant. But twelve feet! Details became clearer in the dancing glow. An extra pair of arms sprawled out from the hips. Huge shell-like structures on each side of the head—ear flaps that could trap the slightest sound. A peculiar excrescence over the closed eyes, like a pair of spectacles. Feet that were hoofs! A torn jerkin and loose fitting shorts of yellow material covered him from neck to knees, Tom leaned over and shook the sleeping figure gently. “Charlie, Charlie, wake up!” The eyes opened, panicky fear stared out. “Charlie, it’s Tom, don’t be scared.” CHAPTER II The Flight Through Time THE mountain heaved up to a sitting pos- ture. Now that he was awake, and the black face was mobile with emotion, I could think of him as an intelligent being. Grad- ually the queerness wore away. “Charlie, these here’s the wise men I told you about. This is Perfesser Chapin, and that’s Mr. Dunn. They’re friends, Charlie, do you understand? They’re friends, and they’ve come to help you.” The black looked at us estimatingly. Seated on the ground as he was, his head was on a level with my shoulder. Then a really intriguing smile came over his coun- tenance. He said something, in a harsh guttural voice. The words were familiar, but I couldn’t quite catch the meaning. These people of the future spoke an Eng- lish that had been distorted by long years of evolution. “He says he’s glad to meet you, and he wants to thank you for coming.” “Yes, I understood,” Sid broke in. “If he speaks slowly I shan’t need an interpre- ter.” I too, found the black’s language BACK TO 20,000 A.D. 1125 easily intelligible after a few minutes intent listening. “One thing is certain,” Sid said, after Charlie had outlined the situation to us, in confirmation of Tom’s tale, “we cannot bring the Robots into our world. Our story of their origin would be disbelieved. They would be treated as freaks, made the subjects of scientific study, or public amuse- ment. I can see only misery and unhappi- ness for them.” ; “You’re right, old man,” I replied, “That’s no solution. And yet, they cannot exist for long in their present circumstances. Either the Jed and the Masters will find a way to destroy them, or they will starve to death when their present food supply runs out.” In that queer, distorted English of his, Charlie broke in. Eloquently he pleaded with us not to abandon him and his com- rades to the mercy of the Jed. A strange sympathy moved me, I could read its reflec- tion in the countenance of my friend. Sud- denly, an idea struck me. •	“Sid,” I burst out, “why can’t we go back with him? I’m sure we’ll be able to work something out when we see the lay of the land.” “I was hoping for that.” Sid’s eyes glowed in the dim light. “Thafs just what I want to do. But I didn’t suggest it. I wa^ afraid my scientific curiosity, my desire to see the world as it will be in 20,000 A.D., was clouding my judgment. What do you say, shall we go?” “Go it is!” A great surge of excitement flooded me. Adventure, undreamed of ad- venture, called to me. Charlie caught the drift of our talk, and his face, too, beamed with joy. But Tom was aghast. “Go there!” he exclaimed. “Why, ain’t I told you enough about it? I wouldn’t go back there for all the money in the world.” “Oh, go on, Tom,” I chaffed him. “You know you’re just kidding us. I’ll bet we can’t make you stay home. You’re just a-raring to go. I can see it in your eyes.” The lad was actually shaking with fear. He was white. “Who me? Gee Godfrey Whizzikers! Me go back! Not after I saw what the Jed done. No sir! Not me.” “All right, old boy. „We won’t insist. You can stay home and tend to your ’taters,” I soothed him. The arrangements were quickly made. Charlie was to remain hidden. We should return to the city, make our preparations, and come back to Blaymont the following afternoon. Then—the Great Adventure. And so, the next afternoon, we came to the edge of the Vanishing Wood. Tom was with us, muttering dark forebodings, making last efforts to dissuade us. Strapped on my back, and on Sid’s, were great packs. We had a store of food, and certain instruments that my chum had insisted on carting along. There were other things, too. I shall not bore you with a detailed inventory. Strap- ped to my waist was the holster of a .38 au- omatic, relic of army days. And Sid tot- tered under the weight of an elephant gun that he had raked up from somewhere. Charlie met us, towering darkly. All four of his arms were waving with excite- ment. We shook hands with Tom, said goodbye to 1931 and the world we knew. Then' we turned, and followed the Robot. A few steps between the towering arbor- eal giants, and we came to a little clearing. Even as I looked beyond, the story of Tom’s adventure flashed back to me. For across that little clearing the trees were queer. No longer did they soar straight upward toward the life-giving sun. They were twisted, strangely distorted, oddly bent as though gnarled with fear. And, though there was no wind, their leaves were quiv- ering. On each side of a path the trees leaned away, curved in weird, uncanny twistings. And the path broadened as it dove deeper among the knotted trunks, so that I appeared to be looking into the small end of a funnel. The path broadened. I could see its other end—or could I ? For there was nothing there! NOTHING. Not a vast spread of sky such as one sees ahead when mounting a long straight slope whose crest hides the horizon, not a far spreading desert expanse. Simply, terrifyingly, nothing. . I glanced at Sid. His usually smiling 1126 WONDER STORIES face was grim, his lips pressed in a tight line, his eyes glowing like black fire in the whiteness of his visage. “Come on, Ned,” he muttered, forcing the words between clenched teeth. He moved forward. I forced my leaden feet to follow. The huge form of Charlie entered the path—and vanished! A moment before he had loomed there, his head brushing the lowermost limb of a forest giant. Now—he was gone—as if he had never been! Sid stopped across the margin of the clearing, blinked into non-existence. I gasped, a deathly fear at my heart. I was sorely tempted to turn and run for it. Then I too plunged into the fateful path. A vortex of unknown, unknowable forces seized me irresistibly. I whirled down the funnelled path, the trees on each side writh- ing in fantastic, giddy dance. Suddenly, there was no up, no down, no Space, no Time. Even the parts of my body seemed to have lost relation one to the other, so that my head might well have been at my waist, my arms at neck or knees, for all I knew. Path, trees, sky, sun disappeared in a vast blazing nothingness, a white nothingness through which I slid. Thought itself van- ished, and consciousness was but a corus- cating burst of white hot sparks that met, and whirled apart, and met again and flared asunder in a chaotic flashing kaleidoscope of whiteness. Eternally I heaved and fell. Then—I was lying flat on my back, in the little clearing. And there were Sid and Charlie sitting up, blinking in dazed be- wilderment. “Are you all right, Ned?”, my chum ask- ed, anxiously. “Fine. But what’s it all about? Here we are, right where we started from.” Sid grinned. “Yes—we’re tvhere we start- ed from, but we’re not when we started from. Not by some score thousand years.” “Why—what do you mean?” “Just that we’re in the year of our Lord Twenty Thousand and Thirty-two, or there- abouts.” I stared at my chum for a moment un- comprehendingly, then I remembered. Of course! We had travelled in space not at all, but in Time! Again I remembered Jenkins’ story. He too had thought to find his old familiar world just beyond those trees through which we had come. Charlie was on his feet. “Wait, till I re- turn.” In a minute he was back, and with him eight others, eight gigantic blacks with the same four waving arms, the same hoofed feet, the same peculiar excrescences over their eyes. Now, at last, I began to really feel that I had reached into some other time. For peculiarly enough, where before Charlie had been an abnormality, a freak, out of place we knew, now he and his comrades seemed to belong, and we were the inter- lopers. That feeling stayed with me as long as we remained in the world of 20,000 A.D. The Robots had erected for themselves a little hut near the margin of the wood, and they made us comfortable in it. Here we rested, and talked, while the light faded, and the shadowy dimness of the grove deepened into darkness. At last I said: “Sid, I want to take a look outside, I want to see what sort of place we have landed in.” My pal nodded. “I’m just as anxious as you. What do you think, Charlie, is it safe?” “We often scout around the edges. It is safe as long as you don’t go too far to be able to get back quickly at any sign of dan- ger.” I parted the leafy curtain, and peered out. Bright moonlight flooded a fairy scene. For mile upon mile a flat plain stretched, a vast formal garden that might have been fash- ioned for some king of kings. Hedge-bor- dered paths of softly glowing gravel curved between banks of flowers, of gorgeous flow- ers whose like I had never seen. Super- nally sweet fragrance was wafted to me on a gentle breeze. Soft fountains plashed in quiet symphony. And a myriad dancing sparks of light shuttled and weaved among the swaying blossoms. One of the paths skirted the wood, its pebbles glowing iridescent in the moonlight. It curved in a great circle, and in the very centre of the circle stood a luminous form of glowing light that was a statue. BACK TO 20,000 A.D. 1127 The Return of Arkon VAGUE and misty as it was, the sculp- tured monument drew me to it with a yearning to see more of it. I slipped out, heedless of Sid’s clutching hand, of his low cry of warning. I slid soundlessly across the soft carpet of sod, and the cold light and the sweet odors embraced me in a flood x>f aching beauty. I drew close to the soft shining statue, and now I could see it plain- ly- In heroic proportion, the form of a man towered there, a man such as I, yet somehow different. A long grey beard flowed down over flowing robes, and the face radiated a wisdom such as never had sage of our time attained. Wisdom, and goodness, and some- thing else, something inexpressibly divine. Almost it seemed alive, that figure. I could feel those kindly eyes bend their wise gaze on me, welcome me. Why—they were moving! A deep voice thrilled me to the core with its slow accents. But it was a tired voice—one that had probably spoken this message through the ages to countless others that stood before it. “I am Arkon, the Wise. I it was who de- vised the means by which first Man shook the dust of Earth from off his feet and voy- aged through space to other stars. “When the great Revolt of the Machines swept over the Earth, and the doom of Man- kind seemed sealed, I gathered a small com- pany, and set off for outer space, seeking a new home for the race. Nothing more has ever been heard from me, nor from the brave band of adventurers who departed with me in the ship I had devised. “That the memory of a wise and brave and good man might be preserved forever, the Jed in his wisdom decreed that this image of me be created, and Tarom fashioned me.” “Marvellous mechanism, isn’t it?” It was Sid, at my side. I hadn’t noticed that he too had slipped from the covert. “And yet simple enough,” he continued. “There must be a beam of light projected from somewhere, that the spectator interrupts. It’s focussed ■ on a photo-electric cell, and the cutting off of the light causes a change in the potential of the current that 9tarts the speaking mechanism.” That’s Sid for you! A faint whirring drew my attention. Far in the distance I could make out a speck, floating about ten feet above the ground. Rapidly it drew nearer—a tiny boat-shaped object, approximately the size of a small canoe. Above the gunwale I could dimly descry a domed head. A Master! Doubt- less sent by the Jed to intercept us. I whirled, calling to my chum, who w^s busily examining the monument. “Sid, quick, back to the wood!” We barely made it in time. As we dove into the underbrush the Master had landed, was extending a tube in a tentacled hand. A thin flame spurted through the night, spattered harmlessly against the edge of the Wood, not three feet from where we crouch- ed. The Wood was inviolate! The Master stood there, and, though his face was like nothing in my experience, I could read in it a surge of baffled rage. Tom’s description had been accurate. Of the strange being’s five feet of height, fully half was a great head, egg-shaped, hairless. I could see the staring, lidless eyes, with the pouches above that held an additional lens for close vision. The triangular breathing orifice with its pulsating membrane was clearly defined in the moonlight. And the puckered dot below that was the toothless mouth. The torso was squat, cylindrioal, and the stemlike legs ended in huge splayed hoofs like the Robots’. But the most striking fea- tures of the queer creature were its arms and hands. Not more than a half-inch thick were those arms, and they writhed and weav- ed like two elongated earthworms. At the ends they split into five thinner tentacles, waving fingers. Like the earthworms they resembled, those strange limbs could be ex- tended, for five or six feet, or retracted so that they were but inches long. I shudder- ed. This, then, was the supreme evolution of man! SUDDENLY, the creature was looking upward, interest, curiosity, astonish- ment growing momentarily more vivid on 1128 WONDER STORIES his countenance. I followed the direction of his gaze. Far, far above, I could see a fleck against the lucent blue-black of the sky. Swiftly it fell, ever nearer and nearer, till it grew into a sphere, glinting metalli- cally. A burst of flame flared from it, died away. The speed t>f the descent checked. The metal sphere drifted downward, settled softly on the grass. . I felt Sid’s hand clutching my arm, but I couldn’t tear my eyes from that ten-foot ball. The Master was staring at it in a manner that told me it was as alien to his knowledge as to mine. What was it, where had it come from? Palpably fashioned by intelligent hands, could it be a space ship, a wanderer from some other star? A portion of the sphere’s surface swung open, a sector of the shell a foot thick. Something moved within. Then—a man stepped out! Of all the astonishing, im- possible things! From this craft from an- other planet, into an Earth peopled by four- armed black creatures twelve feet tall, and balloon-headed individuals with tentacular limbs, came a being as like man of 1931 as these other creatures were different! No eery shape, no fantastic, unimaginable nightmare form, could have astonished as half as much as the appearance of this tall, gray bearded old man, whose human coun- tenance radiated benignant wisdom. He moved with infinite grace, this man, as he turned toward the Master. But the calm dignity of his face gave way to start- led surprise, for the Jed’s subject was aim- ing the venomous ray tube at him. . Anoth- er instant, and swift death would claim him. Another instant—but in that instant my gun had somehow leaped into my hand, had bark- ed, and the Master sprawled unconscious on the ground. We were out in the open, Sid and I, shout- ing. “This way, into the wood for your life, hurry.” The stranger turned toward us, be- wilderment in his eyes. “But he seemed to sense our friendliness, instinctively to realize the urgent peril of his situation. For he sped unquestioningly for the shelter of the thicket. Sid was shouting now, all pretence at caution gone. “Charlie, come here quick!” A huge thrashing in the wood showed that his calls had been heard and obeyed. He snapped staccato commands. “Ned, in- to the wood with the Master.” He stooped and snatched up the ray tube where it had fallen. “Charlie, have your friends get that ball in. And you help me with the air boat.” I slung the Master across my shoulder, ran for cover. Sid and Charlie, the flier on their shoulders, followed on the run. There was need for haste. A buzzing as of a swarm of angry bees warned of the swift approach of a bevy of Masters. From the corner of my eye I saw the huge sphere heave up to the shoulders of the giant Robots. That great mass was as nothing to their strength. Quickly as it takes to tell we were all back in sanctuary with our burdens. And none too soon. For outside a dozen aircraft had landed, there was a vast waving of tube- wielding tentacles. Shrill screams of baf- fled rage filled the air. Was it some superstitious dread, still liv- ing in the consciousness of these supermen, some atavistic taboo that held them back from the margin of our refuge? Hundreds of centuries of inflexible law raised a bar- rier between them and us. I saw them stand there, not daring to set foot across the line that marked the edge of the Vanishing Wood. There was nothing to prevent their rushing across that line. If they did, we were lost. Our puny weapons could avail us little against their death-dealing rays. But, though they pressed close, they did not come. CHAPTER III Arkon’s Story POTENT indeed must have been the fear of the Jed that had forced Charlie and his companions to bring themselves to seek refuge here.	, Once indeed, I thought they had conquer- ed their fear. There was a concerted surge toward the grove. I raised my gun, pre- pared to sell my life dearly. But, just as another step would have told the foremost that his terror was groundless, he checked BACK TO 20,000 A. D. 1129 himself. The others halted too. We were saved. Suddenly, as though some telepathic com- mand had reached them, all leaped into their craft. The buzzing sounded again, the air* boats lifted, they were gone. The newcomer was speaking, his deep well-modulated voice strangely familiar. He too, spoke an English, changed, but intel- ligible with careful listening. A different dialect from that of the Robots, but the root was the same, the language in which I write. “Apparently I must- voice my gratitude for a daring rescue,” he said. “Strange that I should be so attacked at the moment of landing, and by so extraordinary a peo- ple. Or are they descendants of the Mach- ines? I had expected to find’great changes on Earth, but nothing like what I have al- ready seen. Are you remnants of some few who escaped the great revolt? My mind is bewildered.” All this was incomprehensible to me, but my scientist friend appeared to understand. ] noted that his face was lit with a glow of discovery, of wonder. “As for what we have done, that is noth- ing,” he replied to the stranger. “We are overjoyed that a most extraordinary chain of circumstances placed us in a position to aid you. But, before 1 explain, may 1 ask who you are, and whence you come?” The other bowed his head, gravely. “I am Arkon the Thirty-Fifth, and I come from Neptune on a voyage of exploration, to determine if Earth is yet ready for the re- turn home of my people.” Now the amazing truth flashed on me. Arkon the Thirty-Fifth! Arkon, the ori- ginal of the image that had just spoken to me, must be this man’s ancestor. T knew why this voice was so familiar, why his lineaments had seemed not quite strange. We were again in the hut. Sid had just finished the narrative of the astounding events that had brought us here. Difficult indeed had it proved to convince Arkon of the truth of our story. But, somehow, he had accepted it. Now, he was telling us of ‘he strange Odyssey of a little band of ad- venturers, somewhat of whose tale we bad already guessed. “My ancestor, the first Arkon, had just completed the final testing of a vessel he had designed to navigate space and visit other worlds, when the insurrection of the Machines broke forth. They swept all be- fore them, and he became convinced that the race of man was doomed. Despairing, he gathered together a dozen people, men and women, and embarked for outer space, to seek a new home for mankind. “For a long time the little band wander- ed through the void. They essayed a land- ing on Mars, but found conditions impos- sible for living there. Finally, just as all hope was gone, they reached Neptune. There they discovered an intelligent race of reptilian origin, and were enabled, through the genius of Arkon,. to make known their needs. An agreement was entered into, by virtue of which the Earth people were grant- ed a small area to settle in. “Adjustment to the changed circumstances was difficult, but my ancestor had chosen his companions well, and the band survived. They made an abiding place for themselves, but never did they feel that they had found a home. Always a yearning for Earth gnawed at them, a longing to return to their native planet. “A thousand years passed. Children were born, grew old, and died. But ever the old traditions of the beautiful Earth from which their fathers had been driven were kept alive, and the thoughts of each member of the little community turned over to a return. But, for many reasons, the attempt was never made. “A year ago, however, notice was served on us that the time of our sojourn on Nep- tune was drawing to a close. The Neptun- ians were proliferating rapidly, the planet was growing overcrowded, and every bit of surface was needed for their own race. We were given two years to determine on our course. At the expiration of that time, we must leave, or be killed. “The leadership of the Earth people had remained a hereditary obligation of the eld- est male descendant of Arkon the First. I am the present ruler. We had always care- fully preserved the plans of the first space ship, and I ordered sufficient duplicates to 1130 WONDER STORIES be built to carry all our people. I called a Council, and the general view was that, if possible, we should return to Earth. “But we had no knowledge of what had eventuated on our home planet. Had the Machines conquered, as was thought? Had they found a way to reproduce themselves and overrun the Earth, so that we should be repelled, or massacred ? Or had they rusted out, leaving the world a barren, unpeopled waste? Or had mankind triumphed in the end, so that we would be welcomed back by our own people? These, and many other questions must be answered before our na- tion could choose the goal for our exodus. “S 0	I decided to scout ahead in a small model of our space ships, to span the illimitable spaces separating us from Earth, and, venturing alone, to determine the feasi- bility of our homecoming. “I came. And my heart is sore within me. From what I have already seen, and from what you tell me, Earth holds no pro- mise of peace for my people. Mankind triumphed over the Machines, indeed. But better had the race died;, than evolved into the ruthless, cruel, inhuman monsters that now people the world. “We who, on an alien world, have kept alive the literature, the art, the religion, the dreams of a Golden Age, can find no peace, no home here in a world dominated by a naked brain, administered by soulless minds who know no pity, no love, no purpose save the ruthless attainment of their own desires. Even the beauty of that garden out there is a heritage from the age in which Arkon the First lived and dreamed. “These Masters are the descendants of a little group of so-called supermen who, iso- lated in a group of their own high in the Appalachians, experimented with artificial methods of propagation, with intensive in- tellectual development, with all sorts of scientific interference with the natural evo- lution of the race. I have read their story in one of our old chronicles. But they were left severely alone by the rest of mankind. “Apparently they seized their opportun- ity during the great insurrection, and made themselves dominant over the Earth. With their infernal concoctions they subjugated wliat remained of the rest of humanity, and made of them imbecile slaves. They even changed their very form, their color, and produced such poor creatures as these.” He indicated Charlie and his friends.. “What hope would we have to be left in peace should we return? “No. Better that we wander again through space, and drag out the weary years of our exile in such wandering, than return here ... I must go and carry back the sad tidings to my people.” He bowed his head as he finished. I was inexpressibly moved by the tale he told. I felt conveyed to me the age long nostalgia of the exiles for their homeland; the daring of this man, speeding through the far reach- es of space, all alone, buoyed up by the hope that he would find that at last it was pos- sible for his people to return, and now his terrible disappointment. A thought began to flicker within me but, before it had taken form, Sid voiced it. “Do not return as yet, Arkon. Perhaps we shall find a way to defeat the Jed and his cohorts and reconquer Earth for your peo- ple, and for these downtrodden Robots. My,. friend and I came to this time for that very purpose, we intend to make a try at it. Per- haps your knowledge added to ours will bring success.” A faint hope kindled itself in the noble countenance of the man from Neptune, even . as he replied: “But how can you dream of' such a thing? You tell me that this Jed has immeasurable knowledge, immeasurable power. His subjects are many, we are but a handful. I fear that you are carried away by an enthusiasm unjustified by log- ic.”	i I was proud of my friend as he answered. “It is true the task is a well nigh impossible one. It is true that the odds are tremen- dously against it. But—in the long history of the Earth impossible tasks have more than once been accomplished by determined men. Let us make up our minds that the thing can be done, and by God, it will be done!” Arkon rose, his face glowing. He stretch- BACK TO 20,000 A. D. 1131 ed out his hand to Sid. “I’m with you. .We’ll do it!”	V And so we three, so oddly assorted, de- voted ourselves to the conquest of a world. The Rash Adventure BY tacit consent, leadership was given over to Sid. He drove straight at the essentials. “In order to make any plans, we must gather as much information as possible. At present we know very little about the peo- ple we are to combat. Jenkins’ observations on his previous adventure here furnish the bulk of our knowledge. That is very little. His lack of education, his ignorance of science, prevented him from learning more than the most superficial things. The Ro- bots’ knowledge of their world is also little better than nebulous. From neither of these can we obtain the facts we must have. “However, due to our recent adventure, we are possessed of two further means for gaining information. We have captured a Master. Ned’s bullet, by great good for- tune, merely stunned him. And we have one of the enemy’s flying machines. Trust me to find a way to make use of it.” “Suppose we have the Master brought in,” I suggested, eager to make a start. “Very well.” Sid nodded to Charlie, who all this time had been listening silently to our talk. In a moment he had hauled our prisoner in. “What is your name?” Sid began the in- terrogation. The Master stood defiant, not saying a single word. An ugly furrow across the top of his great balloon head showed where my bullet had creased him. My chum took from his pocket the tiny tube, no larger than a fountain pen, that we knew could project a deadly ray. “Look here. I have this, I shall not hesi- tate to use it if you cross me. The only thing that keeps you alive is our idea that you can be of use to us. Make up your mind quickly.” I didn’t realize that my old friend could look so menacing, that his voice could be so cold, so deadly threatening. “What is your name?” he asked again. “Tarom,” came the low answer. “Your position or function in the state?” “I am of the Guard of the Jed.” “Why did you make such an unprovoked attack on this man?” pointing to Arkon. “Since the advent of the Primitive* the Jed has ordered that all beings like him are to be summarily killed without question.” “What is the Jed’s reason for that?” , “The Jed orders, he does not explain.” “What means of offense and defense have you?” “We Masters have our ray tubes, they are sufficient. We have only the Robots to fear, combat among ourselves is strictly forbid- den. The Jed has other weapons. What they are, I do not know. I only know that when a Master refuses implicit obedience to the Jed he dies within the instant, and his body vanishes without trace.” “How does the Jed communicate his or- ders to you?” “By telepathy—we hear a voice speaking in our inner being and know it is his.” “Can you hear it now?” “No. Jed’s power does not extend into this Wood; long have we known that.” We stood pondering, a trifle careless, I’m afraid. For the Master straightened sudden- ly, and before any one could stop him, was dashing madly through the wood. We rushed after him, reached the edge just in time to see him darting across the great level sward. Heedless of everything but rage at myself for having let him escape so easily, I was about to dash after him, when Sid’s arm caught me. “Don’t be a fool, Ned,” he cried, “once out of this sanctuary and you are a dead man.” In a rage I raised my revolver, aimed after the fleeing figure. A grave voice spoke quietly! It was Arkon. “Nay, we desire no blood on our hands unless it be absolute- ly unavoidable.” Ashamed, I lowered the gun. “But our chance for gaining knowledge of how to com- bat the Jed is gone.” “Then we must discover other means.” I pondered the remark. Still smarting under what I deemed my laxity in permitting ■ ’The designation for Tom Jenkins on bis first visit, gee “In 20,000 A.D.”	..... 1132 WONDER STORIES our prisoner to escape, I cast about for some other plan, something I could do to efface the stigma. Now ordinarily, I am not a very brave man. I am not one of your roaring swashbucklers who love the bright side of danger and the tang of overwhelming odds. So that it must have been a slight touch of madness that caused me to propose the rash adventure I did. “I have it,” I cried excitedly, “the air boat we captured.” “Well, what about it?” Sid asked. “Why man, don’t you see it? The alarm has been given and shortly there’ll be an impenetrable guard thrown about this place so we’ll never have, a chance to break through. And even if we did, what could we do, knowing nothing at all of what we’d meet. Charlie and the Robots can’t help us much. So before the Jed’s guards get here again, I’m going to get out of here—in the Master’s aircraft.” I WAS carried away by my own enthusiasm. “Don’t you see. It’s night now. I can scout around, get the lay of the land, find out things.” Arkon looked at me with a smiling wonder that made me feel quite heroic. Charlie was positively worshipful. There is noth- ing more heady to a naturally timorous man than the wine of admiration. I felt equal to incredible feats.	, It was Sid who pricked the bubble of my vainglory. Possibly he knew me too well. “Most chivalric, this idea of yours, Ned,” he said half-ironically, “but you’ve forgot- ten one little fact that would end your scouting disastrously.” “What is that?” “Don’t vou remember what Tom told us? That the Jed is able somehow, not merely to communicate his thoughts to others, but also at will to tune in on what passes through anyone’s mind within his sphere of influ- ence. How far do you think you could get before he would know it?” Charlie nodded his great black head vigorously in assent. My whole bright scheme collapsed into nothingness. Of course it was foolhardy. And being what I am, who can say that there wasn’t just a bit of relief about my disappointment. Then Arkon spoke, gravely, unhurriedly. Never in all the desperate adventures we were to live through together, did I see him flurried, his noble demeanor ruffled, or his voice deviate from its even music. “It is a remarkable coincidence that I have with me the means to combat in at least this one thing the subjugator of our race. Know that the reptilian denizens of Neptune, our outcast home, also possess this strange power. For a generation the thoughts of our people were an open book to our neighbors, a source of infinite em- barrassment. It was Arkon the Twelfth who toiled unremittingly until he discovered the remedy. He invented a thought screen that, when worn, effectually shields the wearer from intrusion into his private thoughts. Since then, all my people wear the golden band, and once more their sec- rets are inviolate. I have one with me in the space ship.” The cold light of the confirmed scientist glowed in Sid’s eyes, a light somewhat clouded by a skeptical reserve. “Impossi- ble,” he burst forth, “how can you shield or hide thought emanations by mere metallic bands?” Arkon smiled benignly. “Nothing is im- possible, oh visitor from an earlier age. Man long ago discarded that outworn word from his speech. But come with me to the space flier and I will show you.” Sid pressed behind him eagerly but, truth to tell, I lagged a bit. Now I would have to go through with my quixotic attempt, conceived in a moment of enthusiasm. Re- covered sanity warned me of the inevitable perils ahead. We entered into the interior of the tiny flier from another world. The walls were of the same strange metal that glowed with a soft radiance. Unusual looking instruments were clustered on the concavity, instruments that meant nothing to me. But Sid exam- ined everything with a sort of covetous eager ness, as though he would pluck out of their very inwards the secret of interplanetary flight. BACK TO 20,000 A. D. 1133 Arkon picked up a thin metallic band, and handed it to Sid. I stared at it in awe. It was open at one end, two small metal filaments marked the terminals. On the other side of the circlet was a little protrub- erance, from which numerous fine wires ran along the graved surface to the fila- ments. Arkon explained. “If I remember my primeval history cor- rectly, in your day you had learned that thought is merely a series of high frequency electrical vibrations emanating from the neurones imbedded in the brain tissue. Like all vibrations, they are carried through the ether, away from the point of origin, but, since they are very feeble in intensity, they do not progress more than a few feet before they are so faint that the most delicate am- meters would not register their presence. Evidently, however, the Jed and the Nep- tunians have discovered a method of am- plifying and directing these faint waves so as to send and receive the signal with un- diminished intensity. “With these fundamentals in mind, Arkon the Twelth set to work, and this was the re- sult. Imbedded in the little knob at the back of the circlet is a very minute trans- mitter that generates and broadcasts waves of a period exactly corresponding to the thought vibrations. “The current flows along the tiny wires, bridges the gap between the electrodes and set up a field of force that completely en- circles the head of the wearer.” “I understand all that, and I get what you’re driving at,” Sid broke in, “you are attempting to set up an interference so that the artificially generated waves are just half a wave length behind the natural thought vibrations, the crests of one fitting exactly in the troughs of the other, so as to create a blanketing effect.” “Exactly,” Arkon beamed, a bit surprised. “I had not realized that your time was so far advanced scientifically.” “You flatter us reporters,” I interrupted, “it’s still Greek to me, even though Sid seems to understand.” CHAPTER IV Reconnoitering BUT my chum plunged on heedless of praise or interruptions. “All very pretty, but how do you modu- late the wavelengths of your transmitter so that it emits waves of exactly the opposite phase.” Arkon smiled approvingly. “There is a very delicate micrometer screw near the base of the protuberance.” We examined it more closely. Sure enough it was there. He continued. “Each half turn of that screw shifts the period of vibration by half a wave length. So that is merely a matter of experimental individual adjustment for each wearer.” “But how can you tell when it is proper- ly set,” I asked. “Put it on, and I’ll show you,” the earth- man from Neptune replied. I did so, the flexible band encircled my forehead, with the knob in front, the electrodes in the rear. “Now turn the micrometer screw until you notice something unusual.” My clumsy fingers found the little mech- anism, twisted it slowly. Nothing happen- ed. I was beginning to fear it was some Neptunian jest, when suddenly my usually halting thought processes clarified. In- stead of vague chaotic tags and shreds of thought flitting through my mind, consecu- tive ideas came to me, clear cut, sharp edged, crystalline. I stopped short with an exclamation of surprise. Never before had I felt my brain so keen, so brilliant. “Ah, I can see you have found the proper vibration series,” said Arkon, who had been watching me closely. “What is it, how did you know when to stop?” clamored Sid, bursting with curios- ity. I described my sensations, Arkon nodding his head the while. “That is so. Your thought vibrations are now completely shielded from the fest of the world. You see, by forming a wall of neutralization, the waves of thought pressing behind are thrown back upon themselves, and they rein- 1134 WONDER STORIES force and amplify so that the sensations, the ideas they represent, are made more vigor- ous, more intense.” I was ready to shout with joy at my new found keenness of mind. “Look out Sid,” I warned him jokingly, “from now on I’m the brains of this outfit. You’re just my dumb assistant.” “Take off your disguise, I know you,” he mocked back. It was Charlie who brought us back to a sense of reality. He had been listening to us uncomprehendingly, with a touch of im- patience. Now he pushed forward, tim- idly. “Look, Masters, (that was the only salu- tation of respect he knew) the night is al- most half over. If anything is to be done, there is no time to lose.” “Righto,” I exclaimed, “I’m off.” “Here, where are you going?” exclaimed Sid in alarm. “For the air boat of course.” “Nonsense, I won’t let you go alone. I’ll go too.” “There is only one thought-shield,” came the grave voice of Arkon. “Then I’m elected,” said Sid, and he tried to grab the circlet off my head. I ducked just in time. “Not a chance. I’m a reporter, don’t for- get. I have a natural nose for news, for prying into things. Besides, as the scien- tist of this party, your place is here, to con- coct schemes in conjunction with our noble friend.” We argued back and forth, but the more Sid pleaded the more stubborn I became. I would go, and no one else. Finally he saw how obdurate I was, and gave in. I hastened to the boat before he could change his mind. I examined the controls. I’m a rather fair amateur pilot of aircraft and it did not take me long to get the hang of the contraption. I was all set. With a final squeeze of the hand that spoke volumes, Sid stepped back. There was a queer catch in his voice as he bade me Godspeed. The darned cold blooded scien- tific cuss—I never knew he could show emo- tion ! I waved with a cheeriness I did not feel, pressed the proper button. A haze of blue light, and the craft lifted softly off the ground, straight up through the trees. AT about a hundred feet elevation, I pressed another button. The soft blue glow turned to a purplish red, and the can- oe shaped car darted swiftly over the plain. In a few seconds the Vanishing Wood was far behind. To keep myself from dwelling nervously on what awaited me, I examined the mech- anism of my captured craft a bit more close- ly. There was no motor, no propellor, none of the manifold equipment so necessary in our day for propulsion through space. On- ly a small oblong box in what might be termed the prow, to which the control but- tons were attached. Not a whir, not a mur- mur, to disturb the even tenor of our flight. I puzzled it over a bit. Then the answer dawned on me. Even in the year 1930 A.D. people were talking of the possibilities of broadcasting power, to be picked up and utilized by factories, automobiles, aircraft, and what not. Of course, that was it. Some central station sent out power, we tuned in, so to speak, and behold, we moved along on the crest of waves. Now that I had satisfactorily disposed of that problem, and was unreasonably elated at my unsuspected scientific knowledge— fool that I was, I forgot to credit the thought- shield on my forehead—I glanced over the side of my vehicle. The park-line character of the land continued. But off to the west, and rapidly looming larger with the speed of my flight, lay a great cluster of buildings, the vast city of the Jed. My heart beat faster. I was approaching my goal. It was utterly unlike what New York would look like, viewed from a dis- tance. Instead of angular monstrosities, of jumbled canyons of oblong boxes upended, here were rounded domes and undulating curves, gleaming rose and blue in the bright moonlight. Inevitably I was reminded of the many domes of the Alhambra, of the Taj Mahal. But my aesthetic wonderment abruptly ceased. For, straining my eyes, I saw a cluster of dark specks stream out from the BACK TO 20,000 A. D. 1135 magic city, and hurtle directly for me. It took but a moment to guess what they were. Air boats like my own, manned by Masters, planning to give me a warm reception. I could have turned tail and fled back to the Wood and safety. Afterwards I won- dered at myself for not having done so. But at the moment the thought did not even oc- cur to me. I was out on a mission, and I must accomplish it. I had my revolver with me, of course, but, that would be small protection against the ray-tubes of the Mas- ters! I took the only course possible. I swerved, and shot off at an angle. The dis- tant specks turned and darted across my line of flight. I pressed the button all the way in; I was racing at maximum speed now. If only I could beat them to the point of intersection, I could then swerve around the city, and take my chances on losing my pur- suers. It was a race! Faster and faster we shot along, the aircraft of the Masters gaining handily. Already I could see the great bloated heads peering over the edges. Ray tubes glinted evilly in the moonlight, • all pointed ominously at me. I measured the distance between us. It was no go. One boat at the head of the procession, would either crash into me or be right on my tail in short order. I drew my revolver, grimly determined to sell my life as dearly as possible. Faint flashes darted from the ray-tubes. The streaks of light burnt along, stopped short yards away from my hurrying craft. That gave me some measure of comfort. My au- tomatic could shoot further than their weapons. There were six bullets. Six bul- lets must mean six billets. Even in my great danger, I played on that little phrase. The first air car was almost on top of me. I twisted the steering knob, angled off. He followed. I could see the Master crouched low. His ray projector pointed, the flame leaped the gap, sheared off the rim of my boat as cleanly as though cut with a knife. It whiffed into nothingness. I shuddered at the thought of what the damned ray would <io to me if it connected. Then a surge of rage swept through me. The dirty murder- er! I raised my revolver, sighted carefully, and let him have it. It caught him square on the bulging, leathery forehead, just as he was coming up to take another shot at me. The whole head collapsed like a pricked balloon—evidently there was not much bony structure—and the body dropped out of sight. The*fcraft, left suddenly to its own devices, plunged erratically about until it crashed headlong to the ground. The City of the Mothers THE other Masters, beholding the swift demise of their leader, held back. They were not aching for a dose of this unknown weapon of mine. “You fellows may be far ahead of us in knowledge and all that, but you’ve lost some of the guts and stamina of your ancestors,” I thought savagely. It was funny? really this assumption on my part of all the courageous instincts of my age. But I didn’t stop to philosophize. Instead, I turned swiftly about the great city, and though the Masters put up a half- hearted pursuit, I soon distanced them. They trailed out of sight. “Now what!” I said to myself, as I car- eened past innumerable gleaming domes. The east was paling, sure precursor of the dawn. It wouldn’t do to be found wander- ing about in the daytime. I’d pass out of the picture in a hurry. I’d have to land somewhere, hide the boat, and lay low until night again, when I could prowl around. But nary a forest, nary a grove of trees, broke the monotony of the great parkland. The city, of course, was out of the question. Wondering what to do, whether it wouldn’t be wise to turn back, the question was sud- denly answered for me, neatly and effect- ually. The air boat slackened speed sud- denly, coasted a while, began to drop. Frantically I worked at my controls—they were all properly set. The craft went into a tail spin. Strangely enough I was calm, unworried. I realized what had happened. That infernally clever Jed had called back his Masters, then calmly cut off the power. I was the only one left in the air, so natur- 1136 WONDER STORIES ally my boat quit me. Just as I had worked out the whole thing to my satisfaction, I crashed. When I came to, I was lying in a mass of wreckage, bruised, battered, but other- wise all right. I scrambled from under, thanking the Providence that protects fools and drunkards for my miraculous escape. I looked about me in the dim dawn-light. There was no time to be lost. The Masters would be out after me again in force. Straight ahead loomed a huge structure, glowing with a shimmering golden light. A great central tower, domed on top as were all their buildings, rose boldly into the air. A massive battlemented wall, some twenty feet in height, swept in an endless arc. Some hundreds of yards from where I stood, was an opening, a thin slash iri the great stone escarpment. Dimly to be seen in front of it, guarding the entrance, was a giant black figure, huger even than Charlie. A Robot! How could that be, I wondered! Hadn’t Tom and Charlie both assured me that all the Robots had been slain in the great re- volt, except those few who had escaped to the Vanishing Wood? Again my brain was working with unwonted clarity—due, as I’ve said before, to the thought-shield. Of course! The Mothers were still alive, the ova were still to be had. The Jed had created a new race of Robots, larger, pos- sibly without any brains at all to succumb to the temptation of a new rebellion. As for their quick growth, it was merely a mat- ter of activation that should be simple to the vast brain that was Jed. But this train of thought put a new idea into my head. I had wondered at the vague familiarity of this imposing structure. Now I had it. It was the City of the Mothers that Tom had so crudely, yet effectively, described to us. A fantastic scheme presented itself. Tom, I remembered, had hidden away in its vast interior. Why could I not do likewise? But there was the Robot guard at the gate. What about him? He was too immense for me to tackle physically. I should have stood no more chance than an insect under- foot. I could shoot him of course. But the idea was repugnant, the poor dumb' creature had never done me any harm. I studied the situation, while they gray dawn grew ever paler in the east. Soon I would be visible to all and sundry, utterly helpless. There was no other means of es- cape except into the City of Mothers, and there, barring my path, was the unsuspect- ing Robot. Not only my own life, but the safety of my friends, the salvation of the earth-people on Neptune, the rescue of this strange future earth from unspeakable tyranny, depended on my next move. I hesitated no longer. The automatic was in my hand. A sharp report. The poor Robot staggered, then, like a gigantic tree laid low by the woods- man’s axe, crashed majestically to earth. IT was the first and last time in my life that I shot a human being in cold blood, yet under the circumstances, what else could I do? Even at this late date, I suffer a twinge of conscience when I think of it. Then, forgetting all but the desperate need for haste, I ran as fast as I could to the now unguarded gate. I sped past the queerly contorted body, not daring to look at my handiwork, in ihrough the vaulted • arch, intricately worked in a frieze of mos- aic. Straight ahead was the great tower, the home of the Mothers! Without an instant’s hesitation, I made for it, passed through the ornate entrance, found myself in a lofty hall. Fortunately it was deserted at that early hour, or my adventure would have ended then and there. At the farther end was the great shaft I was looking for. There it was, just as Tom had described it, a circular well, stretching up interminably, lit by a soft glow from somewhere, the walls of smooth shining ala- baster. I examined the rounded wall care- fully. Imbedded in the gleaming whiteness was a small round button, of green jade. I pressed it! Though I knew what to expect, the sud- denness with which I was lifted up into the air was breathtaking. It was an eerie sen- sation—that of rushing perpendicularly through space. Up, ever up, I winged, the BACK TO 20,000 A.D. 1137 smooth walls rushing past me in giddy flight. I came -to a sudden stop, floated dizzily in thin air; Involuntarily I moved my legs, was surprised to find myself walking on nothing, toward the solid marble flooring that surrounded the open wall. I lunged for it, and did not pause to draw breath until I felt blessed solidity under foot. Again I was in luck. The great rotunda was bare of living beings. The walls gleamed golden from innumerable coruscat- ing pinpoints of illumination. Possibly some radio-active material imbedded in the marble slabs. I gazed at it with a gasp of admiration. Over the great concave surface were painted murals, of a magnificence of conception, a sure draughtsmanship, a delicacy of execu- tion, that would put our own noblest artists, yes, even Michelangelo’s titanic vision in Saint Peter’s at Rome, to shame. Here was spread before my dazzled eyes in heavenly blues, yellows and greens, the whole evolution of birth from the earliest primeval forms. Here were depicted vast flowing amoebas in the throes of binary fis- sion. Then in ordered array came the method of spore formation, the budding of great tentacled hydras, the first hermaphro- dictic sexual reproduction of writhing earth worms, and up through more and more com- plex forms, until I saw, with a shock of recognition, the faultless forms of a man and woman of my own era, painted as no painter we know could have envisioned their perfection. From that point on, all was strange to me. The tale of men and women in love grew ever more complicated, while, alas, the glor- ious form degenerated into bulging fore- heads and hideously foreshortened limbs, as our modern civilization went on relentlessly to its coldly logical end. Then there was no more differentiation in the pictures, neu- ter looking beings made their appearance. Man had found a way to reproduce without sex. It saddened me, that thought! All of love, all of the romance and generous warmth of life had passed out of a world to cerebral, too intellectual, to waste its time in such youthful illusions. The painted representations of Masters and Robots completed the panorama, the end and aim of all our striving. But even as I stared, something happened. As though at an invisible signal, the great paintings broke into seeming life. The pic- tures glowed and began to move. Dum- founded I watched, thinking I was the vic- tim of a strange hallucination. For each individual picture quivered and changed. Before my very eyes, the amoeba thrust out its pseudopodia, attenuated itself, grew slender in the waist, and broke up into two forms, e»?h complete, that swam about on the golden walls looking for food. The human male and female approached each other with lovely gestures. The Mas- ter gesticulated, and the Robot humbly obey- ed. The whole vast scene of life was mov- ing and living on the great surface of the rotunda. CHAPTER V The Voice of Jed How I wished Sid was here to explain the seeming miracle. Long after- wards, when I talked it over with him, he suggested that the rotunda might have been composed of innumerable thin sections, each bearing a consecutive painting, that were slid into position over each other with the speed of a motion picture mechanism. It may be so, but somehow it leaves me un- convinced. I would have watched the enthralling, ever shifting drama forever, had not a grating noise brought me to a realization of my whereabouts. Senses once more on the alert, I shifted my errant gaze down to earth again. A door at the farthermost end was opening. I looked wildly about for shelter. Some ten paces to the right was a door, leading —where? It was no time for idle specula- tion. I had to chance it. I sprang for it, pulled it open, darted in, and closed it softly behind me. I was in a great, cerulean-hued room, lux- uriously appointed beyond my wildest imag- inings. The floor was covered with shim- 1138 WONDER STORIES mering silken rugs, the walls were hung with rare tapestries depicting unending love- ly vistas. Divans, damask covered in strange geometric patterns, were scattered about in profusion. At the farther end a fountain gleamed. The leaping water sprayed in a million broken sparkles of iridescence back into a rose-colored marble pool. Gilded birds with bright plumage flew circling overhead, and from their blue tipped beaks issued forth entrancing melodies. Something about the regularity of their flight, the unceasing flood of melody^ caused me to examine a bit closer. They were mechanisms, in the very similitude of life, actuated—I know not how! A bower of delight, a Mohamme- dan's dream of Paradise! Only the houris were lacking. But were they? For even as the compari- son occurred to me, a figure arose from a divan half hidden by the plashing fountain. I stared frankly—bereft of words, of all de- sire for speech for the first time in my life. My heated imagination had conjured up a veritable houri. Tall and stately she was, overtopping me by inches, and I am no dwarf exactly/ A human creature, compact of fire and ice, a glorious being whose warm features, melt- ing blue eyes, hair of burnished gold, made me search desperately in my memory for the felicitous phrases of the poets. But there were none to do her justice—for the very good reason that nothing like this ravishing being had ever existed in the world I knew. There was alarm, consternation, in the great blue eyes; the full quivering lips were opening to cry out, to give the alarm. The gun was in my hand, but though my life might pay the forfeit, I did not dream of shooting. Instead I essayed a stage whisper into which I threw every bit of imploring ac- cent I could. “Don’t shout,- please don’t. 1 won’t hurt you. I’ll be killed if you be- tray me.-’ The beautiful creature stopped short, her eyes wide with surprise. She spoke, in the soft, slurred musical speech that once was English, her voice shaming the liquid gold of the birds that whirred in unceasing flight above us. “Who are you, oh being that resembles me so closely, and yet are so^ strangely differ- ent; and what do you here in the City of the Mothers, where it is death to j)enetrate?” “I am a human being like yourself, come from another age, when the earth was peo- pled with beings like ourselves.'’ An eager, puzzled look appeared in those limpid eyes. “Say you so! I do not und- erstand what you mean by talking about another age, but are there really others who possess our forms and lineaments, others beside the few who are the Mother's? Others who are not dumb brute Robots, ugly mis- shapen Masters, or like unto the Jed.” A shudder of repulsion shook her, then a sudden passion went through her like a flame. “Oh human whom it is good to look upon,”—I believe I had the grace to blush— “oh unknown from I know not where, have you no thought, no pity,, for the pitiful state of us Mothers—mere animal breeders for a populous earth, compelled to watch the cal- lous Masters with foul chemicals, evoke out of the flesh of our flesh, the bone of our bone, monstrosities like themselves, or Robot beasts of burden, while we yearn for the sight of babes with rosy tinted limbs, to press and cuddle against our hearts.” She ended in a storm of passionate weep- ing. “It is cruel, inhuman, what they have done to us. Many a time I have peeped out into the great rotunda, and devoured hun- grily' the glowing shifting pictures of life and love in the past. How I trembled with strange emotions, how I yearned to be a part of that I saw. But it is not to be, for I am but a prisoner, bound here inexorably by Jed’s decree—a Mother!” EVERY fiber of my being responded to that pitiful lament—how I longed to draw that golden head upon my shoulder, to soothe that normal instinct of womanhood. But the memory of my mission, my own pre- sent danger, forbade. “I have told you I have come from the past—the very past portrayed outside— where , women there are—like you, though not so beautiful, and men like myself; where women are free to live as they deem best, where there is love and not cold chemical BACK TO 20,000 A. D. 1139 solutions, where babes are borne by their mothers, and are cherished and protected by them.” Her face lit up with a rapturous hope. She clasped her hands beseechingly. “What you speak of sounds incredible—but your very presence here is even more incredible, so I must believe you. If it indeed be so, take me away from here, take me with you. I too must be free, free from this wretched bondage. But take heed of the Jed, lest he—.” Her panting voice trailed off into silence. A look of horror, of panic fear, suffused the beautiful countenance. A moan burst from her. “The Jed—he has heard!” I did not understand. Alarmed at the sudden change that had come over her, the broken phrases, I was hurrying to her side, when I too was brought up short. A voice was speaking—a deep vibrant voice that flooded me with its tones. I whirled around to meet its owner, but there was no one. I looked vainly about in all di- rections. There was something curious about that voice. For all its clarity, its vib- rant resonance, it seemed to lack body. It was soundless! It was something that echoed from within me. That was why I could not place it. Realization came flooding. It was the Jed speaking—speaking to me in the inner- most depths of my own brain—communica- tion by telepathy. Even though Tom had prepared me for just this, the actual hear- ing of this strange inner voice sent queer shivers tingling up and down my spine. But as I listened to the ominous message, I was overcome by a deathly dread. The cold, inhuman voice was saying. “Visitor from an age when the earth was a place of primitive savages, not far risen from the ape, do you think to escape the all- seeing, the all-knowing Jed? Once before a denizen of your times appeared among us. He was treated courteously, though he was a Primitive, but he chose to involve himself in Karet’s puny revolt. Karet is dead, and so are most of his dupes. Some few eluded me in the Wood where Time and Space are warped. The Primitive was among them. “Now you and another appear. You have aided and attempted to protect the fugitive Robots from my just wrath. You have kill- ed a Master with a toy. You have slain a Robot at the gate of the City of the Moth- ers.” The cold voice grew inexorable. “You have achieved the distinction of arousing my anger. I shall crush you like a loath- some insect. Even as you are able to hear my commands, I am watching you, who deem yourself secure in your hiding place. I read your thoughts as easily as you hear mine. I know exactly ivhere you are!” A cold sweat burst from my pores, while the Mother stared at me affrighted. I ran toward the other end of the room, panic- stricken, seeking an outlet, somewhere to hide from the infinite brain that was Jed. Once more the cold tones, faintly tinged with mockery, echoed within me. I paused in my aimless flight. “I know every move you are making. It is useless for you to attempt it. There is no place on the earth, or deep within its bowels, that I cannot follow and pluck you out. Even now my guard is hurrying to your place of concealment, to seize and bring you before me. It shall go hard with you then. “Yet, because I am merciful, because you are a poor blind primitive whose mind is still groping childishly, I shall grant you a last chance. Come out into the open, be- fore the guard reaches you, give yourself up voluntarily, and I shall graciously permit you and your comrade to depart in the Wood to your own time. But the rebellious Ro- bots and the earth-man from Neptune must be delivered over to me. I have spoken!” Jed Defied MY knees were wobbly as the dread tones ceased their strange echoing within me. The woman had seized my arm, was urging me with passionate whispers. “Quickly, give yourself up before they come. The Jed will do as he says. He does not break his word. You will be killed oth- erwise.” In this hour of danger I was sorely tempt- ed to heed her, to abandon this quixotic at- 1140 WONDER STORIES tempt to be a participant in a world and time not my own, that should not exist for me except as an unimaginable future. My own familiar world, the accustomed sights and sounds were suddenly overp\jweringly dear across the wide waste of time. No doubt I had succumbed, issued forth to sur- render myself, had not the Jed seen fit to tack on conditions. I thought of Charlie, the poor Robot ac- cidentally encumbered with intelligence, the others of his group, more vague in my mem- ory, and then came the vision of that noble earthman and all his fellows, doomed to die here and on the Neptune that wished no more of them. All this would happen be- cause of wretched fear for my own safety. I knew instinctively the right course to adopt, but as you may have remarked by this time, 1 am by nature not exactly brave, so I hesi- tated. The beautiful woman was in a frenzy of alarm. She was scanning my features, stupid in their indecision. Very likely she sensed the struggle taking place within me. There was anguish in her tones. “Stranger from another time, obey the Jed and save yourself. You cannot hope to defy his might. Go back to your own fair world and live the happiness denied to me.” A sob interrupted. “It is I—Eona, who beg you. I would not see you die!” The passion, the pleading of the lovely girl decided me. My path was clear. Yet strangely enough, the appeal of this flushed goddess, had forced a decision on me direct- ly contrary to'what she had cjesired. I would not leave the others to a horrible fate. I could not leave Eona (how liquid it was on my tongue). I must chance the wrath of Jed. I would fight on to the last breath. Which grandiloquent effusions I promptly translated into suitable words. “No,” I said, striking an attitude. “I can- not, shall not, surrender to the Jed. I can- not give up those who have become my com- rades, I cannot leave this far time to groan under his tyranny. I shall fight him, if necessary, single handed.” At this late date, I blush to record this bombast, so foreign to my timid nature, but I doubtless had fallen a victim at the lime of a species of auto-hypnosis, and—the spell of bright, approving eyes. For, in spite of Eona’s concern, I detected a gleam of admiration. And that would have been sufficient to have changed a rabbit into a raging lion. But even as I spoke, I was afraid, des- perately so. Already I heard in my heated imagination the stealthy approach of the guard. And so I changed my tune abrupt- ly. “However, I must hide from them. Is there no place?” The Mother shook her head vehemently. “There is a passage which leads down to the bottom of the tower. But what good is it? The Jed can read your thoughts wher- ever you are, and so compel you to disclose your hiding place.” Then it came upon me in a blinding flash. I struck myself on the forehead. “Fool, stupid fool that I am. No wonder Sid always insisted I was not quite bright. To think that I almost let myself be taken in by a clever dodge.” Eona stared at me uncomprehendingly. “I do not understand you, but I know that if you do not hurry to do something soon, it will be too fete.” “Not at all,” I said calmly, unhurriedly, masking the intense quivering relief within. Then I explained. “You see I had com- pletely forgotten until your chance remark that I was wearing this.” I tapped the thin gold circlet on my head. In a few words I explained its function. “So you see,” I continued, “the Jed couldn’t possibly know where I am by reading my thoughts. “But I have to hand it to him for infernal cleverness. He knew I was about, that the thoughts he willed could reach me. The vibrations of his mind having a different frequency from the tuned blanketing of the thought-shield, have no difficulty in penetrating the protecting radiations. He tried to scare me into giving myself up, and I must admit, he almost did. That was why he pretended to have become' suddenly af- flicted with a strain of mercy.” I shook my fist vaguely. “You are clev- er, Jed, but I, Ned Dunn, am just a bit too much for you.” BACK TO 20,000 A. D. 1141 VAINGLORY goeth before a fall. Hard- ly had I uttered this silliness, when the sound of many feet outside in the rotunda brought me to my senses. Eona grabbed me by the arm. “The guard of Jed—they are coming for you. He has heard!” Then without giving me a chance to say anything, she almost pulled me along toward the rear of the room, im- mediately behind the fountain. In frantic haste she pressed button after button on a panel set in the wall, until a section slid silently open, disclosing a gaping black hole. “Quick, in there,” she fairly screamed, “it leads down underneath the tower, out beyond the walls.” She snatched up a hand- ful of white pellets from a crystal dish at the fountain edge. “Here, take these. They are food,” and she fairly shoved me into the opening. I resisted. “But what about you, Eona. They’ll kill you for hiding me.” “Do not fear. I am a Mother—and too precious to be harmed.” There was bitter- ness in the suppressed tone. I was going to argue further, but hands were on the outer door, it was opening. I just had time to tumble in, when the panel slid over me, blotting out the light and the sound of the approaching guard. It was pitch black. I was groping cau- tiously about to find a wall, so as to guide my footsteps down what I assumed to be a flight of stairs, when without warning I felt myself precipitated into an abyss. Vision of a dizzy fall, the ultimate crash far be-^ low, flashed across my agony, when, to my utter surprise, I found myself cushioned in my headlong flight, and then I sank slowly and comfortably, down, down to an infinite depth. When I finally came to a gentle stop, and felt the substantial ground beneath me, I arose hastily from the recumbent position in which I had been deposited, and took note of my surroundings. I was in a darkened chamber, palely lit by a patch of brightness from the farther end of a tunnel. I made my way cautiously through the narrow aperture, until the patch grew larger and brighter. It was the early morning light, and beyond was the keen fresh air and freedom. I hastened my footsteps, delighted beyond measure to be clear once more. Some in- stinct halted my errant feet on the very rim. Accordingly, I peered very cautiously out, keeping my body within the shadowed tun- nel. My heart almost stopped beating. Almost directly in front of me, barely a yard away, stood a Master, his great mem- branous head just turned away from me, a wicked ray tube clutched tightly in his cur- ious tentacled hand. I ducked quickly into the saving darkness, but I had had sufficient time to note that the sky was dark with numberless aircraft, each with its Master Pilot, all converging on the City of the Mothers. A cold sweat beaded my forehead, as I realized the significance of what I had seen. The Jed was obviously determined to fer- ret me out. I should have felt flattered by the unceasing attention granted me, an in- conspicuous primitive from 1931 A.D. by the mighty ruler of this fantastic world of 20,000	A.D., but to my shame it must be confessed that I did not react that way at all. Rather I evinced a lamentable eager- ness to sink indistinguishably back into anonymity, to be one with millions of others just like me. There was not much time for deep thought. Too well I knew what would hap- pen. The entire edifice would be searched, all exits blocked, every person in it sub- jected in turn to the piercing scrutiny of the Jed. When Eona’s turn was reached, her thoughts, willy nilly, would betray me, my hiding place discovered. As for her—what would the Jed do in his wrath? I ground my teeth in impotent rage. CHAPTER VI The Rescue! PRECIOUS moments were passing. I awoke to that fa,ce with a start. I re- traced my steps and found myself back in the vaulted chamber into which I had fall- en. I was searching for the perpendicular 1142 WONDER STORIES shaft, when my eye was attracted by a denser black in the dim-lit surface of the wall. I went closer. It was the opening into another tunnel that yawned ominously before me. Where it led to, what the dangers lurking within, I had no means of telling, but I determined to chance it. Outside of this slim possibil- ity of escape, there was no other. With a fearful heart I entered. For what seemed endless miles I groped my way, stumbling in the palpable darkness, bark- ing my shins on unseen obstructions. At last, when I had given up hope of ever reach- ing the end of this interminable tunnel, I was seized in the grip of a current of air, and swept upward. I managed to extract my automatic from its holster as I floated helplessly in the swift current. The feel of its stubby handle was some measure of comfort, as I did not know what to expect next. A radiance flooded me from above, and the next moment I drifted into a chamber of blank polished walls whose brightness dazzled my gloom enshrouded eyes. When I had somewhat accustomed myself to the sudden transition, I gazed curiously about me. The room was not large, and bare of any adornment. The walls, the ceiling, the floor were all of the same strange metal, a blinding white with the shimmer of shifting quicksilver, somehow solidified. Even as I stared, a curious fancy came over me—or was it fancy! I seemed to see the solid surfaces shift and melt before my gaze, and the whole gleamed and swayed with white metallic cloud masses. I remem- ber I was idly wondering at the moment what Sid was doing, and the others. As in a dream, the shifting clouds cleared, and to my astounded sight, or was I in truth dreaming, I saw before me the edge of the Vanishing Wood, illuminated in a blaze of sunshine. I stared and gasped. For a head cautiously peered out of the sheltering trees, and ducked instantly back from view. For there were hundreds of air Boats, each pilot- ed by its inevitable Master, floating motion- less a short distance away, an impenetrable cordon. And at the sight of that quickly moving target, the air was instantly a criss- cross of stabbing golden flames. Panic seized me, for in that short instant I had recognized the head as Sid’s. Wher- ever the deadly rays struck the ground, the foliage, the grass, the banked blooms, whiffged out of existence. Only smoldering patches of bare brown earth remained. But somehow, for what reason I did not know then, nor have any of us ever been able to discover, the lightning darts recoiled visibly from the very edge of the Wood. Not a branch, not even a leaf dancing in the breeze, was disturbed by the blazing death. I stared and stared in unappeased eager- ness, but the vision or whatever it was, slow- ly faded from the view, and once more the dazzling metal walls took on their solid shape and form. I rubbed my eyes. Had I been seeing things. No, that scene had been too real, too vivid, to be the product of a disordered imagination. In my puzzlement, somehow I forgot the ever present danger of my sit- uation. My thoughts turned to Eona. What had happened to her? As the thought struck me, again the solid walls seemed to dissolve, and I was staring at the huge tower of the City of the Mothers. An air boat was issuing from a great cen- tral window. It was larger than the ordin- ary craft, a Master was at the controls, an- other was seated behind him. My heart gave a great leap. For, huddled in the bot- tom near his hoof-like foot, helplessly bound, lay Eona, her long golden hair streaming wildly over her face. The vehicle was flying directly toward me. WITH a shout of fury, I sprang forward, heedless of everything except that this glorious girl was captive, brought to some hideous fate because of me. My fist, that had been raised in an insane gesture, collid- ed with hard metal with such force that my knuckles were battered and bruised. I recoiled as the scene faded from my view, once more enclosed in blank polished walls. I looked dumbly at my bleeding hand. Then a cold rage enveloped me. If only I could lay my hands on that fiendish BACK TO 20,000 A.D. 1143 brain they called the Jed, I’d smash the in- fernal mess into a pulp. So at least I fum- ed in my helplessness. For there was no possible exit from the chamber in which I was. Only blank, gleaming walls met my fevered gaze. Even the place where I had been catapulted through was hermetically sealed, beyond all finding. In my frantic anger, I turned to Sid and his strange comrades as my only hope. I had great faith in Sid and in that noble earth-man from Neptune. Perhaps they could rescue Eona. I was beyond fear for myself, such is the power of awakened love over an essentially timid nature. And then, once more to my astonished view, appeared the Wood, the grim, serried craft of Masters, eternally on guard. Alas, no sign of life was stirring from within. Had they all been killed or captured? No, for then there would have been no need for the encompassing army. Had they aban- doned the task as impossible, and dispersed? The Neptunian back to his planet, Sid back through the warp in time to the familiar world of 1930. A sudden qualm of homesickness struck me. But again no, not if I knew Sid. What- ever his faults, he would not desert me, stranded among unimaginable dangers. And that cold scientist’s brain would not so easily give up a problem to be solved. He was a plugger, was Sid. The vision held. Something high up in the heavens caught my eye. It flashed diag- onally across the sky, a blazing portent. A moment it seemed to pause over the Wood, then like a plummet it dropped squarely in- to it, vanished from sight. I was a little sick. Was that some new weapon of the Jed’s that had overcome the strange inviolability of their sanctuary, des- troyed them? I strained my eyes to see, but the walls once more confronted me. What was this uncanny television that seemed to flash the scenes my thoughts were directed to? I pondered the mystery, and slowly the probable solution grew on me. It was television. But a form undreamt-of in our present day. My thought processes—the vibrations I emitted (how scientific I was becoming) im- pinged on the strange metal of which the walls were composed. There, by some meth- od (don’t ask me to explain it, though long afterward when I talked it over with Sid, he went patiently into obscure scientific jar- gon), the vibrations activated a delicate television apparatus that automatically tuned in on the light vibrations coming from the subject of my thoughts. The pic- ture was cast upon the metal surface acting as a screen. It may be explicable, but to me it has always remained something magi- cal. While I was engaged in this effort of pure scientific reasoning, and you must imagine the tremendous strain it put upon my purely reportorial abilities, another thought struck me with overwhelming force. I was going good then. If what I had just so beautifully worked out were true, why did my thoughts impinge on the apparatus? For, you see, I was wearing the thought-shield, and according to my experience and the explanation of Ark- on, no least thought vibration should escape through the barrier of its field. Instinctively I put my hand to my head. I touched a twisted electrode, bent some- where in my stumbling through the dark passageway. A panic seized me. The apparatus was not working, then my thoughts must even now be an open book to the Jed. I jerked the contraption off my head, worked franti- cally at the damaged electrode. I managed to press it back into its old position, was lifting it in great haste to replace around my forehead, when a slight whirring noise caused me to turn. A section of the burnished metal wall was opening, and two Masters were leaping through, ray tubes pointed directly at me. I thrust the narrow circlet into my pocket, tugged at my automatic. The Jed Attacks IT was too late. For as my fingers tight- ened around the butt, one of the Masters pressed his tube. A pale blue flame shot 1144 WONDER STORIES out, streaked across the intervening distance, hit me square in the chest. A sensation of glacial cold cursed through my body. I stiffened in a strange paralysis, literally frozen in my tracks. I would have fallen, had not the two of them sprung for- ward to catch me. There was no triumph in those queer, unwinking eyes, only a cold, passionless superiority, as though I were but dirt beneath their hooved feet. The one who had struck me down whistled, a high whine. Immediately a gigantic Rob- ot passed through the open panel, came to a halt before the Master. His polished ebony countenance was blank, devoid of any human feeling. The weird flesh-spectacled eyes stared straight ahead, curiously set. The Master whistled again, not quite as high-pitched as before. The Robot moved forward, seized my rigid unresisting form, slung me across a huge shoulder as though I were a child. Even in my strange predicament, unable to move an eyelash even, a thrill of horror shot through my consciousness. The Jed had learnt his lesson in the last revolt. There would be no more semi-intelligent Robots to fan a flame of discontent. These new creations from the chemically-treated eggs were mere automata, mindless animals, reacting like mechanical things to variations in whistled notes. What a horrible thing the Jed had done in his cold lust for power. I tried to scream aloud and could not. He had used the ac- cumulated wisdom of the ages to degrade the human race to these pitiful abortions. Rather than civilization should come to this, better that the earth and all its inhabitants perish. My poor frozen body was slung on the shoulder of the Robot, flanked by the Mas- ters, and we were on a whizzing platform that sped swiftly through winding corridors. The platform came to a sudden stop. A wall slid silently open and warm sunlight blazed on us. Before us stretched a path bordered with gorgeous blooms, directly ahead was a mighty palace. A great gleam- ing blue circular structure, topped by a rose- colored dome. On the walls were mosaics of supernally beautiful scenes. Above the arched entrance flashed a golden sun, whose gleaming rays streaked through the deep blue glaze. We started across the parkland. I was gradually regaining the use of my limbs, but I lay quiescent just the same. There was no sense in trying to struggle now, the odds were too overwhelming. We were half way across when something swooped down upon us from the heavens. I caught a glimpse of a shining metal globe as it catapulted directly toward our party. Instinctively the Masters threw themselves flat on the ground. The Robot however, automaton that he was, kept on moving. No one had told him to stop. With a quick wriggle I broke his grasp, dropped heavily to the turf, flattened myself. I had no de- sire to be smashed by this thunderbolt. Not more than fifty feet above us, the strange craft checked its headlong flight, drifted gently to the ground. A section of the metal ball opened, and out stepped -Sid and Charlie! Then I recognized what my befuddled senses had failed to take in be- fore. It was Arkon’s space flier! Sid gave vent to a great glad shout when he saw me, and started forward. Just then I saw one of the Masters raising himself with his ray tube pointed directly at my friend. I screamed a warning, and some- how, as though it were a live thing, the automatic in my pocket found itself in my hand, spat viciously. The Master crumpled up in a little heap, and lay still. Sid came out of his daze. There was a tube in his hand, the one he had captured on the edge of the wood. The flame darted from its opening, just a split second before the other Master could press his weapon. There was a horrible odor of burnt flesh, and an unrecognizable mass lay quivering. Charlie, his honest face aglow with happiness, leaped at the poor dumb Robot, knocked him down in a flurry of flailing hands, caught me up and was bounding for the space ship. Sid fol- lowed on the run. ALREADY the sky was clouded with the converging aircraft of the Masters, and BACK TO 20,000 A.D. 1145 the great palace of the Jed was slowly swinging open. Charlie was almost gibbering in fear. “Quick Master Sid,” he screamed, “the Jed is appearing. We shall all be destroyed.” We half fell, half stumbled, into the sanc- tuary of the ship. The slide whirred shut, and instantly the flier soared swiftly up. Through the quartz porthole I saw the palace wide open, and a great white gleam- ing ball suspended in the air. It was slow- ly whirling, and even as I gazed, an irides- cence of shifting colors played over the smooth surface. The Jed! Heartsick with fear, I watched the casing of that supernal brain. Could we get out of the range of his frightful power in time? The air boats of the Masters were scattering madly, like a swarm of frightened bees. One fellow, whose enthusiasm to attack us had brought him in too close, could not maneuver fast enough. He was caught by deadly heat em- anations, and commenced to glow and melt. The next second he was -hurtling in a cloud of smoke to the ground. Within our ship it grew stifling hot. The emanations were upon us. But the noble flier accelerated to tremendous speed. It was nip and tuck. The Wood rushed into view below us, and we dropped like a plum- met into it, just as we were gasping for breath. So rapt had I been in the excitement of the chase that 1 had not noticed the other occupants of the flier before. Now I looked around me. At the controls was a stranger. I gazed at him in astonishment. He was an earth man, noble in bearing, his dress and demeanor like that of Arkon. I turned to Sid to question him when my eyes met another figure emerging from behind the black grinning bulk of Charlie. “Eona!” I cried, my heart pounding away like mad. My arms flew wide, and that glorious girl just moved into them as though all her life she had known the answer. “It is indeed I, oh Ned,” her voice came musically, as I tightened ijiy hold on her. “Your friends saved me from a terrible dan- ger. I am so glad they rescued you too from the Jed.” I looked to Sid to thank him, but that cold-blooded individual never did have any flair for romance. He was callously beck- oning me to step out of the ship. The oth- ers were already gone. With a sigh, I re- leased Eona. We found ourselves in the clearing im- mediately in front of the funnel path that led through the warp in space-time. Nest- ling next to us was a huge gleaming ball, another space ship, triple the size of ours. A number of the strange earth-men were scattered in the clearing. I grabbed hold of Sid just as he was head- ing away to where Arkon was standing. He is just like that. Saves your life, and then forgets about you. Drops you into an in- explicable setting, and leaves you there with- out explanation. If you don’t know what it’s all about, that’s your hard luck. But this time I determined not to let him get away with it. I shook him thoroughly. “Here you,” I cried, “give me the low- down on what’s happened here since I was away. Who are all those strange people who resemble Arkon, and how did they man- age to get here. And how did you get hold of Eona, and know where to find me?” He stopped with a snort of disgust. “Hey, let go. Can’t you see I’m busy?” I gripped him more firmly. “No, sir, I can’t. And you’ll only waste more of your precious time if you don’t come across with the story.” “Very well then,” he said resignedly, “if you’re that kind of an ass. I’ll make it snappy. After you left, Arkon and I start- ed planning how to fight the Jed. Couldn’t make much headway at it though. You see, we didn’t know much about his powers, ex- cept what Tom and Charlie had told us, and there wasn’t much nourishment in that. “While we were racking our brains, Ark- on heard the buzz of his radio in the ship,, Wondering what it was, he hurried to tune in. The set crackled and whined in some ' mysterious code. His face lit up- as he lis- tened, then he spoke into the microphone, in the same incomprehensible code. “I was bursting with curiosity. He turned to me. ‘Friend, Fate itself is on our side. That message was from one of our great 1146 WONDER STORIES space ships. A week after I departed from Neptune, the reptile people delivered an ul- timatum. Six months and no more would our race be allowed to live in peace. The largest and fastest flier was armed and equipped, and with a crew of a hundred youths, despatched in haste to bring to me the fatal edict. “/Even now they are rapidly approaching Earth. I warned them of the dangers con- fronting us, and ordered them to land here in the Wood,’ Within the hour the great ship was here.” I remembered the flashing meteor I had seen in the television chamber, and under- stood. CHAPTER VII The Volunteers! SID continued. “I was getting worried about you. So I proposed taking the smaller ship and searching for you. Charlie insisted in coming along. Arkon gave us one of his men to navigate. While cruis- ing about, we saw an air boat skimming the ground with a bound figure in it. Think- ing it might be you, we attacked it. The Masters put up a fight, but the ship carries an atomic disintegrator that soon put them hors de combat. “Judge our astonishment to discover a Mother, Eona, as the victim. We unbound her, and learned from her the story of your sudden appearance in her Chamber, and the ensuing flight. “We were cruising hopelessly about, when we saw you being carried toward the palace of the Jed. .The rest you know.” I stared at him uncomprehendingly. “But weren’t you afraid the Jed would know of your plans by reading your thoughts, and destroy you?” Sid laughed. “A fine reporter you are. Blind, as a bat. Look!” I stared at him again, and was never more shamed in my life. For, encircling his fore- head, plain for all to see, was—a thought- shield. So befuddled had I been that in all this time I had not noticed this obvious adornment on the heads of all who were congregated there. Sid smiled indulgently at the foolishness that must have been writ large on my face. “The Neptunian party brought along a sufficient supply and we used them.” Then, characteristically, he dismissed what was past. “Now come along, and you and I and Arkon are going to go into a hud- dle. Seeing the Jed actually at work has given me an idea.” I hated to leave Eona, but her smile urged me to go, holding a subtle promise for my return. So I went w'ith Sid. We found Arkon engaged in earnest con- versation with Charlie and a youthful Nep- tunian, evidently the commander of. the sec- ond ship. Charlie was volubly explaining what had happened. Arkon extended his hand to me with a grave smile. “I am happy to see you again. We had given you up as lost.” “Just the luck of a blundering reporter,” I replied. Sid favored me with a scathing glance. “Dumb luck is right. But let’s get down to business. You’ve heard, Arkon, how the Jed almost put us out of commission?” Arkon nodded. “Well,” Sid continued, “as nearly as I can figure it out, in the few minutes I saw him in action, that great mobile brain must be a highly charged magnetic field. As he spins himself around, the lines of force cut across the network of electric conductors in the bodies of all living beings in his path, the maze of nerve filaments. The minute currents already passing through these fila- ments are stepped up tremendously, the enormous surges of electric potential at ex- tremely high frequencies are too great for the conducting tissues to carry. They be- come heated to incandescence in the effort, the currents seek other paths—the veins and arteries—tendons and muscles—till the en- tire body melts in the terrific temperature. You have seen the armatures of dynamos run at too great a speed melted into one block of metal—that is exactly the effect. It’s just as simple as all that.” “Say Sid,” I interjected, “I remember we ran an item in the paper not long ago about BACK TO 20,000 A. D. 1147 some doctor discovering that exposing the human body to high frequency currents raised the temperature two or three degrees. He was talking about treating certain dis- eases that way.” “Precisely,” Sid snapped, his eyes glow- ing. “It was my memory of that very ex- periment that gave me the clue.” I looked at my friend with awe. Casual- ly, without the slightest hint of boasting, he had tossed off the explanation of the Jed’s power. Arkon too had a touch of respect in his eyes. Arkon nodded. “Very, very good, my friend. That, 110 doubt is the answer. But how may we avail ourselves of this know- ledge to defeat the Jed?” Sid hesitated before answering, then he spoke with a peculiar intonation. “We know his brain is a magnetic field, and he must spin to induce the rays. 11 we could force him to spin, indefinitely, the reservoir of his magnetism would eventually be ex- hausted. 1 see no method by which he could restore it, while spinning.” ARKON pondered that long. Finally he nodded. “I see that. But how can we force him to keep rotating interminably.” Sid said nothin, but looked at him strangely. Charlie, who had been listening to a con- versation that we all thought way over his head, broke in eagerly. “I understand you, Master Sid. You mean that one after an- other should go out alone with your terrible weapons in their hands, to fight the Jed. To kill that one he must spin. Otherwise that one will kill him. As soon as the first one is dead, and the Jed thinks he is through, another one shall step forward to do battle. So the Jed must spin again. You are right, Master Sid. And I, Charlie, who am only a poor Robot and good for nothing, shall be the first to go. And all my Robot compan- ions after me.” Again sudden shame descended on me. I had not thought of that. Sid was nodding slowly. Arkon snapped out of his amaze- ment. “Verily, this is a strange world to which we earth men from Neptune have come back. First there are primitives from a time we harked back to with contempt, then degraded humans, Robots, of the present day, and both put us to shame with knowledge and understanding of which our proud race is not possessed.” Authoritatively he spoke. “You, Charlie, I thank for willingness to sacrifice yourself. But I, Arkon, cannot allow it. There are only a few of you Robots, a strange and pe- culiar race that must not be allowed to die out. You, Sid and Ned, are not of this time. This is not really your quarrel. But we earth men, we who must conquer the Jed to find a homeland or perish miserably in space, it is our right and duty to sacrifice, if necessary, every one of us, so that our great race may live on. I myself shall be the first to go.” The other Neptunian, whose name was Nerkis, broke in with a fury of expostula- tion. “No, no, oh Arkon. We shall not allow you to do this. Who then shall lead the Earthlings back to their homeland? A thousand times no! But we, mere ordinary persons, whose lives are of no particular value to the race, shall sacrifice ourselves that Earth shall once more be a haven and a refuge.” ' A light of exaltation shone in the youthful eyes. Sid and I added our pleadings to that of Nerkis until Arkon was forced re- luctantly to consent. Only Charlie sulked at his proffer being rejected. With a glad shout Nerkis sped to tell the news to his comrades. We saw him gesti- culating eagerly, heard a gathering murmur that rose to a triumphant roar from the ser- ried ranks. As one they turned and raced toward us, formed in solid mass before Ark- on, their leader. Nerkis stepped forward. His voice rang out exultantly. “Oh Arkon, they have heard, and they are prepared!” Arkon gazed at the noble band sadly, a twinge of pain in his fine eyes. “Faithful loyal comrades. Heed well be- fore you bind yourselves irrevocably. It is certain death for all of you.” As one came the mighty response. “We are prepared.” A quiver of emotion darted through me 1143 WONDER STORIES as I gazed at the glowing faces, the light of high resolve in the eyes of these devoted youths. An insensate desire to join them in their mad sacrifice impelled me almost to shout aloud. Instead I murmured to my- self. “Morituri te salutamus!”* Even Sid's eyes flamed as though a vib- rating cord had been struck in his unemo- tional breast. Arkon stood there, his face a mask that hid all emotion. Then sadly, wearily, he spoke. “Very well then, be it as you wish. You are about to die the nob- lest of deaths, for the benefit of mankind. Through all the ages, your unexampled sac- rifice shall ring out clear and heartening. Who shall be the first to go?” The Power of Jed AS one the hundred stepped forward. But Nerkis raised his voice. “As com- mander of the expedition, I claim the honor for myself, oh Arkon/’ A twinge passed like a shadow over Ark- on’s face. Nerkis was dear to him. “The post is yours,” he said simply. “Just a moment,” Sid interposed. “First we must clear away the Masters who no doubt are once more guarding the Wood. Let every man take his portable disintegra- tor, and also his thought-shield. The Jed must not be able to discover our plan. It may be, if it were unwarily disclosed, he could find means to forestall it.” “You are always right,” Arkon responded gravely. “Do as you have been told, earth- men of Neptune.” The youths hastened to the great ship to obtain their weapons and shields. In a trice they were back as thought they begrudged a moment from gazing on the bright face of death. The march to the edge of the wood was on. We soon came to the end of our strange safety zone. I peered out cautiously. Thousands of Masters hovered in their air boats like wasps about to sting. The palace of the Jed was open, the great white quartz ball that housed the brain hung motionless *We who are soon to die salute thee. in the sunlight. He was ready, had anti- cipated that we would move against him. Our band was carefully distributed, hid- den from view. A low command from Ark- on, and each disintegrator was brought to the ready. Another command, and long slithers of golden flame darted out. They caught the foremost rank of the guards, and before my very eyes, that rank was gone, whiffed clean out of existence by the dead- ly rays. Again the flames sprang forth, and the second line disappeared from sight. Panic seized the Masters at the invisible, deadly execution. Haphazardly they flashed their ray tubes, but the distance was too great for them to be effective. Another blast of pouring death and the Masters broke in wild confusion. They were cow- ardly, too long accustomed to depend upon the might of the Jed. Like wounded birds they fled from the scene of disaster. In an incredibly short time the great park was clear, except for the sinister, ominously mo- tionless globe of the Jed. Arkon turned to Nerkis, fidgeting im- patiently at his side. “It is time,” was all he said, but there was a world of sorrow in his tone. Silently we all shook hands with the dauntless youth, who was going to his death. But there was no fear in his clear eyes, only the great exaltation of a martyr who sees Paradise ahead of him. He walked boldly out of the protection of the Wood, disintegrator ready. We watched him go. When he cleared the trees, he started to run, straight for the Jed. The glistening ball began to spin, slowly at first, then faster, ever faster. The sky darkened. Weird purple streamers of light wavered and danced across the heaven. A great wind sprang up that swept howling over the parkland. The very sun dimmed to a blood red sphere, paled, and was blotted out. Only the white globe of the Jed shown in the gathering gloom, spinning around and around. The white took on a tinge of pur- ple, iridescent colors played and melted on the revolving surface. Faster and faster he whirled around, until the myriad colors merged into one continuous blur. BACK TO 20,000 A.D. 1149 Chill fear gripped my heart with an icy clutch. Something terrible was going to happen. Had we rightly gauged the dread might of the Jed? Without knowing what I did, I screamed to Nerkis to turn back, to give up this mad venture. But the daunt- less youth kept on running at top speed, try- ing desperately to get within firing range of the foe. Suddenly the Jed blurred, disappeared. It became pitchy dark. Strain our eyes as we would, we could see nothing through the impenetrable black. Nerkis was gone, swal- lowed up. But no, there he was again. A hundred eager voices shouted the news jubilantly. The exultation was short lived, however. A great cry of incredulous horror arose from us all. For Nerkis had been caught in his headlong pace, frozen into a straining sta- tue, poised for the next leap. His tall lithe body was glowing softly, a weird phosphor- escence on the shrouded earth. Then before our helpless sight, we saw the glow turn cherry red, a blazing trans- lucence against the pitchy darkness. Tom’s awe-struck words flashed back across my consciousness—“They looked like ghosts, red ghosts—” The phantom-like body of Nerkis began to sag, melt at the edges. Across the expanse of the meadow I could feel the heat radiated from him. Then he ran together, into a shapeless shining mass, for all the world like a molten puddle of metal. SHRIEKS of execration burst from us at the ghastly sight. We shook our fists in utter fury, and would have rushed from the shelter of the Wood had not the cooler heads of Sid and Arkon restrained our thirst for vengeance. So instead we waited, grit- ting our teeth. Nerkis, all that remained of him, was just a blotch on the scorched, blackened earth. Suddenly the sinister Jed appeared, whirling still. From deepest violet back to gleam- ing white the iridescence ran, while the speed of his spinning slowly slackened. I could almost feel the sneering triumph of that brain. The globe came to a halt, hung motion- less. Arkon spoke, his voice almost inaudible. “The next man goes now, and may the Eter* nal have mercy on his soul.” A gallant youngster sprang out of the Wood like an unleashed hound. Right bravely he went to his rendezvous with death! Straight for the Jed he headed. The great brain case quivered, commenced turfting, slowly. A nausea seized me, I averted my gaze from the terrible doom that was overtaking the lad. I dared not looked until once more I heard the choked voice of Arkon repeat the infinite pathos of the formula. “The next man goes now, and may the Eternal have mercy on your soul.” Once again the dread drama was enacted, and again—and again—until I must have swooned out of sheer pity. WTien I awoke, it was to see the world gradually brighten- ing again, and the Jed slowing to a motion- less. But that white was not the gleaming purity with which I had been first dazzled. It was a drab, dirty gray, it seemed a tired color. I heard the sound of voices in argument. I looked weakly around. The noble com- pany of Neptunians was gone, vanished. Over on the battered, smoking plain lay countless little heaps that once were men. But there were two who were but half melted as though the power of the Jed had been un- equal to the complete task. I shuddered un- controllably. Charlie was gesticulating violently, ap- parently in heated argument. Arkon was answering him, slowly, gravely. “No, Charlie, it is but meet that I shall follow my brave comrades to their doom. My race will live on if I should perish, and some day repopulate this fair earth, but there are only a handful of you Robots, and you must not be permitted to die.” The black’s honest face was shining with the intensity of his earnestness. He was about to retort when a Robot flashed by, out of the Wood, into the death area, before any one could stop him. Charlie made as if to rush after him, but Arkon laid a restraining hand upon him. 1150 WONDER STORIES There was a sad smile on his gentle coun- tenance. “While you and I have been argu- ing, your comrade has devoted himself to his destruction.” The giant Robot was literally flying over the ground. Once more the Jed commenced his interminable spinning. But the dirty white did not quite run through the gamut of colors to the fatal violet. The globe wobbled a bit as though it were mortally tired. The brave black was almost directly be- neath the Jed, his disintegrator was raised, before he was caught. Then he too, went the way of the others. But it was a long struggle, and when he finally fell, he was charred and smoking, but still a recognizable human form. At no time had the Jed disappeared. Very slowly he returned to a russet gray quies- cence, and the great quartz sphere wobbled drunkenly, overcome with fatigue. Arkon spoke, quietly, but with a ring of steel to his voice. “It is now my turn to go, and let no man say me nay!” With that, very steadily he walked out of the Wood. Charlie gave vent to a short cry, and darted after him. Sid was at my side, his eyes shining with a blaze I had never seen in them before. He looked at me queerly. “By Jove, it’s gotten me too.” And with that he, too, was out in the arena of death. The End of the Jed I SHOUTED to the fool to come back, but he ploughed on, unheeding. Something snapped within me. I couldn’t let the silly ass go alone to his fate like that, and the next minute I was chasing after. A shrill scream of despair sounded behind me. I whirled to see Eona running and stumbling. “Ned, Ned, if you go, I go too.” I seized her rather roughly, urged her to go back. “No,” she moaned, “you will die, and I cannot bear to live then.” “But you must, you are too precious, too wonderful to die.” But all she answered was: “Wherever you go, I go too.” In despair I looked about wildly. My eye caught sight of a Robot gazing out of the Wood. I beckoned, and he came. I nod- ded significantly, and to my great joy, he understood. He picked up Eona with his four huge arms as easily as if she were a child, and carried her, struggling and kick- ing, back to the safety of the Wood. Relieved in mind, though saddened at the thought that this might prove an eternal farewell, I hastened after the others. Already the Jed was turning, but with painful slowness. He was teetering vio- lently. The reservoir of magnetism was fast being exhausted. The sky darkened, but on- ly slightly. “Hello,” cried Sid, “I believe he’s almost reached the end of his rope. Maybe if we rush him fast, we can get within firing range before he is able to work up full power. Come on.” We ran faster than we’ve ever run before, shouting to the others to follow. Charlie broke into a trot, but Arkon kept up his dignified, even walk. He would go to death grandly, nobly. The ground flew beneath -our feet. One hundred yards, two hundred—the heat was growing fearfully intense. Three hundred yards, and the perspiration oozed from every pore. The Jed was spin- ning faster now. Four hundred yards, and our hair, our clothes, were scorching from the terrific heat. We were gasping for breath, the ground was smoking underneath, great blisters rose on our fevered skins. The dense fuming air was literally a solid wall at which we threw ourselves. Just a hun- dred yards before your weapons could be- come effective! But still we drove on. I was somewhat delirious. I staggered and fell, arose and stumbled further. My brain was a mass of fire, but one fixed idea, almost insane in its intensity, beat and ham- mered within. “A few more steps and you’ve got him—you’ve got him—you’ve got him!” The sky was quite dark now, the Jed was approaching the dreaded purple hue. The ground rose and heaved drunkenly beneath me, the fiery torment penetrated to my very BACK TO 20,000 A. D. 1151 vitals, I was losing consciousness, when dimly, a far off voice seemed to whisper, “Let him have it now. Give him hell.” With a great effort, I managed to open my heat seared eyes, saw a dim shape close by me, pointing an atomic disintegrator at something aloft. It was Sid! How I did it, I don’t know, but a weapon was in my hand and I pressed it. Two long flames leaped like live things through the swirl of steam, caught the violet-tinged spin- ning sphere squarely. . The bright threads of fire flickered over the surface, slid harmlessly aside. The Jed was winning! As in a horrible dream I heard Sid’s desperate tones. “Keep on shooting for him, Ned. His magnetic field is shunting off the rays. But it can’t last forever. We’ve got to wear him down be- fore he gets us!” Still in a dream, I keep the tube flicking out its stream of death. I felt rather than saw, Charlie and Arkon. Four rays darted interminably, playing and crackling over the quartz surface.	; The ground heaved up to me. I swayed dizzily in the awful heat. Suddenly I heard a voice within me, the strange voice of the Jed, passionless, cold as ever. “Strangers from an earlier day, you have conquered. The great Jed is defeated. My store of power is exhausted, soon your rays will not be diverted, and then—. But I shall not grant you the boast of having destroyed me. I myself shall will my own departure. This earth shall never see my equal again. Farewell!” The great quartz globe swelled and strained, and the next instant shattered from within into a million tiny bits. The Jed had cheated us at the very last. Our aveng- ing weapons were raised futilely in our hands. The end of the great dominant brain had come by his own will! ALMOST immediately the infernal heat relaxed' its grip. Once more the world was bright and vivid, no longer a place of torment. We four stared at each other’s blackened, smoking carcasses, and laughed insanely. I swayed and would have fallen, had not Eona come stumbling for me, catching me in her arms just as I was almost down. The last I	remembered was the cool feel of her soft flesh on my blistered skin, the sweet endear- ments she lavished on me. They tell me I was delirious for days, that it was only the devoted unremitting nursing of Eona that pulled me through. I can well believe it. When I finally came out of it, weak but whole again, I found that the others had decided on their course of action. Arkon was leaving for Neptune in the one-man flier, to organize and bring back the earth-men to their rightful home. Charlie was to remain in temporary com- mand with his Robots over the world, had forgotten to state that the cowardly Masters, aghast at ,the death of the invul- nerable Jed, had abjectly crawled to make their peace. Sid said, “Well, old man, it’s time we’re going back to New York, A.D. 1932. I’ve a batch of rather important experiments waiting for me.” That is Sid all over. But I—what could I say? Naturally I was homesick for the familiar sights and sounds of our own time, but—there was Eona! I could not, would not leave her. Eona saw the distress in my eyes. “Why of course you’re returning, Ned, and I am going with you. I know now that your time is what I have beeu longing for all these years—your time, and you in it.” And so it came to pass. THE END See page 1119 for announcement of the first “Interplanetary Number” Winter 1931 Wonder Stories Quarterly The Synthetic Monster He carricd with him the horrible secret for months —and then in a moment of forgetfulness ♦ ♦ ♦ DOCTOR Jacobs is dead. He came to his death in a most horrible and tra- gic fashion. But he was not killed by an abnormal human being as the police and coroner’s report would indicate. No, the thing that killed Doctor Jacobs was not hu- man. It was . . . But let me go back to the beginning of it all so that you may the better understand just what it was that killed Doctor Jacobs. The story is an incredible one; and yet in support of what I tell you there is the evi- dence of my experience, Mrs. Reynolds’ testimony, and above all the weight of Doc- tor Jacobs’ own diary. As every one knows I came to Tucson for my health. Years of working in the chemi- cal department of a great research estab- lishment in New Jersey had affected my lungs. I lived out in the desert, went naked in the sun, had a negro lad to do my cook- ing, and so within eighteen months had won back some measure of health. My doctor pronounced me an “arrested case,” but told me it would be foolhardy to think of returning east too soon. “You 1152 (Illustrated by Marchioni) need a few more years of this dry atmos- phere for a perfect cure,” he said. I took his advice. Truth to tell, I had fallen in love with the desert and thought seriously of making Tucson my permanent home. But the few savings I had were being rapidly depleted, and it was imperative that I should find some means of subsistence. In this predica- ment I wrote about my financial difficulties to the director of the research establishment back east with whom I had kept up a some- what desultory correspondence and was ov- erjoyed to receive his prompt answer. “Your letter,” he wrote, “came at an op- portune moment. Our organization has 1153 just been in receipt of a communication from Doctor Jacobs the physicist, who also resides in Tucson, asking our help in finding a competent chemist for some routine work he wishes done. I do not know whether you have ever heard of Doctor Jacobs or not; perhaps he was before your time; but years ago he held the chair of physics at Yale and was accounted a brilliant, though somewhat erratic scientist. “However, owing to the ridicule and bit- ter controversy his wild theories aroused among his fellow professors and in the sci- entific world in general, he resigned his chair at New Haven and dropped from sight. You will probably find him an eccentric, something looming, something monstrous, menac- myself at this figure . . . 1154 WONDER STORIES and very queer. But he offers a good salary and the work is in your line. I have writ- ten him, warmly recommending you, and enclosed find a note of introduction.” Needless to say, I lost no time in ap- proaching Doctor Jacobs. He was an el- derly man, his great height offset by the decided stoop of narrow shoulders. In ap- pearance he was not attractive, having a sharp, feral face rem- iniscent of a fox, an effect heightened by the brush of reddish- grey hair which swept back from a high, slop- ing forehead. The work he required was of a private nature in the laboratories of his home on Speedway. The big house sat with- in low stone walls, in untidy lawns burnt out and gone to seed. A tangle of bushes grew in the rear of the house, and a giant pep- per tree in front. The house was a large one, but only a few rooms were in actual use, the rest being shut away. My own bedroom, on the second floor and across the corridor from the Doctor’s, was big and cheerless. Mrs. Reynolds tried bright- ening it for me with a few cretonne hang- ings and knick-knacks. At first I paid little attention to Mrs. Rey- nolds. She did not sleep on the premises but came to work every morning at eight and left for her own home after the even- ing meal. But as the weeks and months passed her quiet charm and well-bred poise grew on me. However, this is not a story of my romance with Mrs. Reynolds. Suffice it to say that I soon grew in the habit of walking with her to the bus, ol offering to take her to the theatre. She told me that her husband had died of tu- berculosis. Occasionally she accepted my invitations, but our real intimacy did not develop until after the terrible and uncan- ny occurrences I am going to relate. quickly discovered that by nature and training Doctor Jacobs was a quiet, secretive man. He spoke little and had no friends that I could see. But this jibed with my own temperament. Perhaps I had better make it plain that I am not of an inquisitive or in- quiring turn of mind. Though I had spent years of my life in a chemical laboratory, I had not the least in- terest in chemistry, ac- cepting my job and profession merely as means of making a liv- ing. In the research establishment I had been one of a half hun- dred other routine men who received orders, compounded chemicals, without bothering as to the meaning of it all. But I am a consci- entious routine man, and a conscientious routine man was what Doctor Jacobs wanted. I mixed his prescrip- tions according to for- mulae, noted the results, and passed the in- formation (with the compounds) along to him. The work was light and the hours far from arduous. Generally I was through at one o’clock, and the doctor at that hour taking over the laboratory and dismissing me. Once I noticed him regarding me curi- ^ nr HE true test of a “won-W der” story is the an- swer to the question, “De- spite the strangeness of this yarn, does it seem realistic, does it have the touch of truth about it?” In the stories of Frqjicis Flagg, the answer is inevit- ably “yes”, for our author has the undoubted ability to convince us even against our will that the strange things that he describes so well could really happen. We are getting too close to the production of proto- plasm in our laboratories to scoff at it any more. From both America and Mexico, at the time of this writing, there come authentic stories of technicians coming closer and closer to the secret of “what is organic life” We cannot of course tell what the learning of this secret may mean to us. It may not mean that we can produce living things of a high com- plexity such as man, but it will mean, in any case, that our prosy world will be dis- turbed in a manner suggest- I ed by Mr. Flagg, as it never \ *\has been before!	p* THE SYNTHETIC MONSTER 1155 ously. I think now that he was hungry to confide in some one, that if I had shown more interest, more scientific curiosity, he would have unburdened himself of his plans and intentions. “Do you never wonder what the purpose may be of all those experiments I have you make?” he asked. I shook my head with a smile._j “None,” I answered. “That is, your busi- ness, sir.” He made no reply at the time, but one day he called me into his private laboratory and workshop, a place I had hitherto never entered, situated on the sec- ond floor, and pointed at a strange ma- chine which stood in the center of the room. “What do you think of that, Ed- wards?” he queried I examined the mech- anism perfunctorily. It appeared to be a haphaz- ard arrangement of crys- tal and glass tubes, elec- trodes, a carbon-arc de- vice, and a container full of dark, metallic fluid with a slightly yellow tinge. “That fluid,” said Doc- tor Jacobs quietly, “is the result of all your labors.” Then he turned from the machine and drew atten- tion to what appeared to be a viscous mass of jelly lying on a white-topped table. “And that,” he said. “Ah, if you knew what that was! And if the stupid dolts who ridiculed my theories knew!” He spoke the last sentence with concen- trated passion and seized me by the shoul- der. It was the first time I had ever ob- served him show much emotion. Perhaps if I had responded to that emotion with some display of eagerness he would have confided in me there and then. But truth to tell the thought ran through my mind that he was a harmless old eccentric, a crank, and perhaps the thought registered on my face. At any rate, as if ashamed of his excite- ment he dropped his hand and in his nor- mal voice said: “You might get after that Number Three Formula, Edwards, I’ll be needing quite a quantity of it.” I waited a moment after his palpable dis- missal, but the opportunity of winning the doctor’s confidence had passed never to present itself again. Though I worked with him day after day, sometimes under his per- sonal direction, and always with him tramp- ing in and out of the laboratory, we were as much strangers to one another as on the day I entered his employ. I believe that in some obscure fashion he despised me for my lack of scientific initiative. However that may be. his one outburst was his last, and I never saw the inside of his private laboratory again until . . . A Gruesome Sight! IT was acold and rainy evening in December. I had seen Mrs. Reynolds as far as the bus. Return- ing, I let myself in at the front entrance and walked up the wide staircase. I made no particular effort to be silent. I was think- ing, to be exact, of Laura, Mrs. Reynolds, of how sweet and desirable her face had looked smiling at me from the bus win- dow before the vehicle whirled her away. The rain had dampened her hair—she wore no hat—and the wind had whipped a glowing color into her usually pale cheeks. It came over me with a wave of self- pity that I was returning to a cheerless, womanless habitat. Why, I wondered, had I lacked the courage to accompany her all the way home? Perhaps she would have invited me in; I would have met her sister and the little niece she often mentioned. There might have been an hour or two of delightful talk, an hour or two of watching the vivid emotions coming and going on her lovely face; while her eyes, forget-me- not blue, now and then met my own. Immersed in such thought, I say, 1 FRANCIS FLAGG 1156 WONDER STORIES climbed the stairs and stepped onto the up- per landing. It was in darkness save for a stream of light which came from the half- open door of Doctor Jacobs’ private lab- oratory. Passing the door, I glanced in. The Doctor was standing with his back to- wards me, bending over a long, low table. Outside the wind was beating the branches of the pepper tree against the house with a great deal of force. Doctor Jacobs neither saw nor heard me. I knew that he was growing quite deaf, and the noise of the wind and the tree was certainly loud enough to cover the sound of my approach to even keener ears. I glanced in, I say, and saw the machine mentioned once before standing to one side of the room. I saw the tables littered with all kinds of laboratory paraphernalia. I saw the doctor as I have described. But it was not the sight of these things which brought me to an abrupt stop, staring with opn mouth. No, it was the sight of the body lying on the table over which the doctor bent, and which with long gleaming surgical knives he was busy carving and mutilating. •	It was only a moment that I stood, glar- ing, then as the doctor straightened and made to turn, I fled along the passage to my own room. Good God, I asked myself, what could it mean? For while the body had been too mutilated for me to grasp but the vaguest concept of its outlines, there could be no mistaking the nature of the clear, pink skin which covered its dissev- ered portions. The doctor had been cutting and slicing flesh—human flesh! 1 I will not attempt to describe my chao- tic emotions. The man is mad, I told my- self, stark, staring mad; he has murdered someone. If this first thought of mine sounds somewhat bizarre, you must recollect that from the moment of entering the doctor’s employ I had thought him a little “touched.” But as my first horror subsided I began to think more sanely. What I had seen was the doctor dissect- ing a corpse—a dead body he had probably obtained from some graveyard or poor- house. Such cadavers could be obtained, I knew, though with some trouble. But why was the doctor dissecting and how had he managed to smuggle the body into the house? The latter part of the question was easy to answer. Mrs. Reynolds often went away for two hours in the afternoon, and I myself generally took long walks. But it was gruesome to think of the body of some poor devil being carved into pieces next door to where one slept. The sight of those gleaming surgical knives had made my flesh creep, filled me with a species of loathing. The impulse did come to seek the doctor, tell him what I had seen, and ask for an explanation. If I only had! But the truth is I am by nature a timid person. Not a coward, exactly. A coward would not have rushed to Mrs. Reynolds’ rescue on that last fatal evening. But certainly I lacked determination and initiative. At any rate, I put off interviewing the doctor that night, and when I me him in the morning he was his quiet, secretive self; so much so that every time I opened my mouth, I lacked the courage to proceed. “What is it, Edwards?” he demanded once, rather irritably, the impatience show- ing, not in his voice, but in the way he lifted his brows. If he had displayed any emotion out of the ordinary, acted in any singular fashion, I believe I should have blurted out what I wanted to say. But as it was, what business of mine could it be if he chose to dissect a body? Doubtless the dissecting had something to do with the experiments he was engaged in. Better keep still and not risk losing a perfectly con- genial job and employer by unwanted in- quisitiveness. So I reasoned; and so to my everlasting regret I acted—or failed to act. I believe now that if I had approached the doctor, questioned him, that he would have taken me into his confidence, and that the knowledge so gained might have been the means of saving him from a hideous fate, and Mrs. Reynolds from an experience that almost unseated her reason. However, it is too late to speculate on that now. Talking to Mrs. Reynolds the next evening, I men- tioned what I had seen the previous night. “But indeed, Mr. Edwards, you must be mistaken,” she exclaimed. THE SYNTHETIC MONSTER 1157 “No,” I said, “it was human flesh.” “But how could that be? The doctor called me to clean up for him in his labor- atory this morning—he does that about once or twice a month—and the knives you mention were lying on the table dirty, and the table itself I cleaned. I saw nothing of any body. Besides if you saw what you say you did there would be blood on the knives and table, would there not? But &ere wasn’t.” “I suppose so,” I said, wondering if by any manner of means or trick of lighting my eyes could have played me false. “Real- ly, I never dissected a dead body so I can’t say. Did you clean the sink closet too?” “Yes.” “And there was nothing to excite your curiosity?” “Only some sticky and jelly-like sub- stance on the table and adhering to the knives with a peculiarly bad smell. There was a lot of it in the sink. I turned up my nose at it and Doctor Jacobs laughed.” “Which is more than he ever does for me,” I bantered, changing the subject. Shadows in the Night THE thing was a mystery. I gave it up and had almost forgotten the incident when a still more uncanny occurrence threw my mind into a turmoil. About a month after that I have related, on a clear, sunny afternoon, I was returning from a walk and about to enter the house, when glancing up at the upper hall window immediately over the front doorway, I was frozen in my tracks by seeing the face of something dreadful staring down at me. I cannot describe that face. I saw it but momentarily. But it was flat and white and hairless, with a wide, protruding, sucker-like mouth—that was the impression —which writhed and glued itself to the win- dow-glass and made blubbering noises. I did not hear those noises; but have you never seen objects which you instinctively connect with and change into sound? For perhaps twenty seconds this nightmare coun- tenance glared into my own; then with a jerk it was gone, and released from the spell which had rooted me to the spot, I staggered around to the back door and made my way into the kitchen. Mrs. Reynolds looked at me with concern. “Why, what is the matter?” she asked in alarm. I did not mention the cause of my condition. 1^ bad no wish to frighten her needlessly. “The heat,” I murmured. “But it isn’t hot today; it’s quite cold.” I cursed myself for a fool. “Just a dizzy spell,” I said as calmly as I could. “Perhaps a drink of water . . . . ” But she made me sit down and sip a cup of hot coffee that she hastily brewed. The color came back into my face; the beverage imparted some courage to my heart. Final- ly, I summoned enough resolution to climb the steps to my room. Nothing was in the upper hallway. I met the doctor descending the steps. He looked at me sharply. There seemed to be a suppressed excitement in his manner. Or perhaps that was only my imagination; I couldn’t decide. I sat on the edge of the bed and wondered if I could really be los- ing my mind. First there was the matter of the doctor carving human flesh, alnd now this. Could my eyes be playing me tricks? But my eyes had never given me any bother; I had, in fact, always enjoyed excellent sight. No, I felt sure that I couldn’t lay the blame on my eyes. But still there was the face I had seen. Ghosts! Was the place haunted? I laughed at the idea. I did not believe in ghosts. And anyway ghosts could not harm me. It was creatures of flesh and blood that frightened me—or so I told my- self. Yet passing down the darkening cor- ridor and staircase to my dinner I was con- scious of that prickling sensation which runs over the skin and the scalp when one is in a nervous and jumpy mood. At the table, I came almost near questioning the doctor —almost, not quite. “I must be seeing things,” I said with a nervous laugh. He raised his head with a jerk and stared at me from under forbidding brows. “Faces,” I said, watching him closely for the effect of my words. “Flat, eyeless faces with mouths,” But his ex- pression did not aher. 1158 WONDER STORIES “Indigestion,” he said bruskly. “Some- thing doesn’t agree with you. Better watch your diet.” Two nights later I awoke to hear some- thing in my room. The night being close I had foolishly left my door open to create a circuit of fresh air from the window. “What’s that?” I called sharply. There was no answer; but I heard the slithering sound of something being shuffled, not lifted, along the floor. Leaping from bed, I fum- bled for the light-switch, losing precious seconds in my frightened haste, while the sound of slithering retreated rapidly. At last I found the switch, turned on the lights, and ran into the hall. The hall, of course, was in darkness, the light streaming from my doorway only partially dispelling the gloom. The sudden radiance had also dazzled my vision. Yet I thought that I saw something gliding into the doctor’s pri- vate laboratory, the door of which was ajar. Even as I sprang forward with a shout, the doctor’s bedroom door opened and he came out in his pajamas, the electric light back of him framing his tall, stopped figure and chasing the shadows from that end of the hall. His face, however, was veiled in obscurity. “What’s the matter, Edwards?” he de* manded excitedly. “Why are you chasing about at this hour?” “Something,” I said, “was in my room.” “Nonsense,” he declared, but I sensed the agitation his voice could not conceal. “But there was,” I persisted. “I heard it moving around. And what is more, I saw it too! Whatever it was entered your laboratory.” “I think,” said the doctor in calmer tones, “that you have had a nightmare. But to show you that you are mistaken I will look into the laboratory, of course.” HE STEPPED forward swiftly, switch- ed on the lights from the doorway, en- tered, and closed the door after him. After a few moments he came out again, this time springing the Yale lock which automatically locked the door as he pulled it shut. “There is nothing in there,” he said brief- ly; “the place is empty.” I did not believe him, for I had seen what he without his glasses had evidently over- looked, a track of dampness, as of water or oil, which led from my chamber to the labor- atory entrance. However, I said no more but retired to my room. All my uneasiness as to supernatural visitants vanished. That trail had been made by some living creature. Doctor Jacobs was concealing something in his laboratory—something which he desired to keep from my knowledge. I tried to conjecture what it could be: a monkey, a dog. But a monkey or dog could not have made that continuous track. They would have left the impress of paws. That track had been left by something that slith- ered, scuffled along; something that crawled —like a snake! But here I brought myself up with a jerk. The thing I had glimpsed, however briefly and in the gloom, had cer- tainly not been a snake. From pondering the nature of the con- cealed creature, my thoughts turned to a consideration of the doctor himself. I be- gan to wonder about his mental state. After all, could he be called entirely sane? A man of an introspective and brooding tem- perament, without friends or intimates, who had evidently given his life over to a pur- suit of that which had become a mania with him. Geniuses were like this, of course, but so also were madmen. From the first I had thought the doctor “queer”, but sensible enough. But of late there could be no blink- ing the fact that his “queerness” had increas- ed. Even Mrs. Reynolds had commented on the change in his manner. As quiet and secretive as ever, his quietness and secrecy had changed radically from that of the first months I spent in his employ and seemed now based on a suppressed excitement which showed itself in a certain tenseness of fea- tures, of abrupt movements punctuated every so often with irritable explosions. Sometimes, for hours at a time, (the floor of his private laboratory was the ceiling over the main one where I worked), I could hear him pacing restlessly back and forth, back and forth. When he came to his meals THE SYNTHETIC MONSTER 1159 he ate little. I knew that he was sleeping less. What was he seeking to discover that kept him many hours, and sometimes all through the night, experimenting .. working ? But now that my curiosity was aroused, the op- portunity for gratifying it had passed. Doc- tor Jacobs had no intention of confiding in me, and before the intimidation of his man* mer my courage shrank until it was actually impossible for me to question him. And in relation to his own work there was the matter of my own. At first the com- pounds had varied and I had produced them by the ounce and pint. But towards the end, during the last six months, a certain amount of those compounds became stand- ardized, and of these I mixed, not ounces and pints, but pounds and gallons. Yes, pounds and gallons, which poured into his private laboratory. What did he do with it all? I remembered the machine he had shown me, the viscous jelly-like mass on the table. His words came back to me. “Ah, if you knew what that was! And if the stupid dolts who ridiculed my theories knew!” What had it been? I cursed the stupidity which had led me to rebuff the doctor’s con- fidence by lack of interest. Whatever it was, 1 assured myself, it was not what the poor, deluded doctor thought it to be. Palpably, was laboring under a delusion. As long as that delusion took a harmless form there was no cause for worry, but when it caused him to secrete strange creatures in his labor- atory, creatures that prowled around at nights and disturbed people, then it was something else again. The creature, how- ever, was not big and plainly timorous, at large only through accident, and fleeing at the sound of a voice. Nonetheless, I retrieved my old Colt re- volver from the bottom of my trunk where it had lain for years wrapped in oily rags and loaded it with care. And after that one experience I locked my door. For I remem- bered the face I had seen looking out of the window, and I wondered if the creature had that face .... In the morning Mrs. Reynolds asked me if I knew who had made the oily tracks all over the dining-room and kitchen. “Ugh!” she said, “it smells like that greasy stuff in the doctor’s laboratory.” N I saw that the tracks were the same as those running between my own bedroom and the laboratory door. “And someone,” she went on aggrieved, “has eaten practically all the bread, and the roast I prepared yesterday for tonight’s din- ner.” “Perhaps,” I said, “the doctor got hungry during the night.” Thinking of the doctor made me ask her a question. “When did you last clean the private laboratory?” “A week ago Thursday gone.” “And there was nothing in it to excite your curiosity—no animal, for instance?” She looked at me in amazement. “Why of "course not! What makes you ask such a question.” “Nothing,” I stammered, “nothing at all.” I did not tell her of what had happened during the night. • There was no need, I re- flected, to alarm her unduly. She slept at home and through the day I vowed to be always within call. If only I had suspected the terrible thing which was to happen with- in the week! But then if I had suspected it, it would probably never have happened. “The Face • • . the Face!” THE week passed without further alarm, but I noticed the increasing change in Doctor Jacobs’ demeanor. He had become more than ever engrossed in his experiment, calling for larger and larger quantities of standardized compounds. His manner be- came feverishly nervous and intense, and when once I ventured to ask him if he were ill, he replied explosively that his health was no concern of mine. He missed many of his meals entirely and Mrs. Reynolds remarked that he was making himself ill. I must admit that to all her inquiries he returned courteous if somewhat impatient answers. Yet in that last week he did an unusual thing. For some time Mrs. Reynolds had keen missing loaves ol 1160 WONDER STORIES bread overnight. Now the doctor ordered six loaves of bread daily, and many pounds of cheap cuts of raw meat, which he carried to his laboratory. “But what is it for?” questioned' Mrs. Reynolds of me. “It can’t be possible that he is eating it himself.” I shook my head. I was afraid that the strain of too intensive work had unseated the doctor’s reason. I contemplated beard- ing him in his den, but testified for lack of courage. I wonder if I can make it clear just how intimidating a man Doctor Jacobs was. I did think of discussing the situation with some third person outside of our house- hold, but I had few acquaintances, no inti- mate friends, and it was easy to procrastin- ate and let the days glide by. That I am sorry now for my lack of de- cision and courage goes without saying. But the ordering of bread and meat in large quantities really went on only over a period of four days, from Wednesday to Saturday. This phenomenon did alarm me; more than I dared confess to Mrs. Reynolds. Besides the sight of the doctor’s haggard face was disturbing. I am doubtful if he slept at all during the last week. Sometimes I heard him mutter- ing to himself. Once he gave a sharp laugh and clapped his hands. Yes, I decided, he must be crazy. Now I know that he was only expressing his triumph, triumph over .... Many a time I crept to the private labora- tory door and listened intently. If there were something confined in there it kept reasonably quiet. I could hear the doctor moving about, even hear what seemed to be a stamping and slithering sound. But these latter noises could be ascribed to the machine, to the wielding of a hammer. Yet there must be something inside the room with him; something alive, that could eat; for there was the meat, the bread, the crea- ture that had aroused me one night. So I watched and listened, and waited, and then on Saturday night it happened. After dinner on that fatal evening I had gone to my room to shave and change my clothes, for I was going to take Mrs. Rey- nolds to a “talkie” at the Fox theatre. The doctor had not come to the table. Much disturbed, and without telling me her intention, Mrs. Reynolds arranged some food on a tray and carried it upstairs to the lab- oratory. It was getting dusk, the hall-light not yet turned on, but there was sufficient light coming through the big hall-window for one to see his way through the corridor. | She knocked on the laboratory door, found it ajar, pushed it open and entered. I was fastening my collar in front of the bureau mirror when I heard the crash of the tray and its contents as they struck the floor. Mrs. Reynolds’ voice went up, up, in a terrified scream. Even as I threw open my door and leapt into the hall, she scream- ed again, a scream that expired in mid- utterance. Again and again in her delirium, she told what happened. “The face,” she babbled, “the face!” And then: “0 God, it’s got me, got me!” But that was later. I heard her scream from the laboratory, I say, and thought the doctor had at last gone violently insane and was killing her. I thought .... But even as I thought I hurled myself down the hallway, through the laboratory, all cowardice swallowed up in the danger of the woman I loved. “Laura!” I mouthed, calling her by the name that so far I had dared only utter to myself, sick with fear, my heart leaping like mad. “Laura!” She did not answer. Mercifully she had swooned. The Monster in the Dark * MOMENT before there had been suf- ficient light by which to see, but at that indeterminate period between day and night, darkness comes swiftly and already the interior of the laboratory was shrouded in gloom. Yet through that gloom I saw something looming, something monstrous, menacing. I hurled myself at this dimly seen'figure, I beat at it with my fists. I was creaming, cursing. Then a flailing limb of what I now realized was not Doctor Jacobs but the hideous creature he kept secreted in the room, the creature that de- voured the bread and meat, felled me to the THE SYNTHETIC MONSTER 1161 floor. I fell across the body of Mrs. Rey- nolds. Dazed, and on hands and knees, I dragged her to safety through the doorway and into the hall. Behind me I could hear blubber- like noises, noises horrible, indescribable. I think the monstrous creature was rooting for the food spilled on the floor. Perhaps that was what allowed me to gain the hall- way without interference. Even as I did so the lights in the hall came on and I saw the doctor standing over me with wild, distorted face. It has since been my guess that he must have been worn out mentally and physically from his days and nights of constant experimenting and gone to his bedroom for some needed rest. In his utterly exhausted condition he must have forgotten to lock the laboratory door —as he had forgotten once before—and so left the way open for Mrs. Reynolds to enter. “Damn you!” I screamed, “look! she is dead! It is your fault, your fault! You’ve killed her with your damnable monster, killed But he dashed past me without a word, entertaing the laboratory, slamming shut the door after him, the Yale lock catching. I heard his voice rise as if in a rapid stream of curses. Then there was a crash; it sound- ed like the machine toppling over. Came the noise of interlocked bodies swaying, struggling. TRe blubber-like noises rose, rose, intermingled with shrieks, with gasping groans and cries which could emanate from no one but the doctor himself. The doctor was fighting for his life; but I thought only of Mrs. Reynolds. The doctor must do the best he could. To attempt going to his rescue might loose the terrible monstrosity on the woman I loved. So I picked up her still unconscious body and staggered down the steps. In the hall below was a telephone. Taking down the receiver I yelled into the mouthpiece: “Mur- der! Murder! Police, Police! Murder!” At last the police came. It seemed like hours until they did, but in reality couldn’t have been more than ten minutes. When they broke into the laboratory the thing was already mortally wounded, dying, and the doctor .... But before I tell what happened to the doctor let me seek to give an inkling of the origin of the creature which was to be his death. I know that the explanation will sound wild and incredible. Learned doctors of science will probably point out the absolute impossibility of such a thing; as for the average layman, he will believe me a raving fool. But there is my own experience, for what it is worth, and the evidence of the doctor’s diary found in his chamber. The diary is quite exhaustive, but unfortunately the doctor had failed, or been too careful, to give any but the vaguest reference to the construction of the machine destroyed in his battle for life. From it, however, I have taken the fol- lowing widely separated entries. Perhaps they will serve to make clear the seemingly incredible thing the doctor accomplished.and establish once and for all the origin of his murderer. The first entry I quote was made in 1932, a few days before my employment. “June 5th. I am on the right track. Af- ter years of laborious research and disap- pointment I begin to see light. Doctor Hammet’s experiments with proliferation of root tips, and with the stimulation of re- production in paramecium,* prove but one thing. Sulphur is the basic constituent I have been looking for. Sulphur! “Tuesday. (No date). Protoplasm—I have manufactured synthetic protoplasm. God! what would they say—they who flout- ed, scorned me and my theories? It was very simple after all. Infra-red and ultra- violet rays filtered and diffused through certain arranged crystals and prisms. The reaction on the compound has created the basic stuff of life itself. Protoplasm .... “August 1st. I have shown Edwards the machine, the protoplasm. He does not recognize the latter. I was tempted to take him further into my confidence. Oh, if there was only some one to whom I could talk! But this miracle would be nothing to him. He would believe me mad. He is a competent worker but without the brains, the attributes of a true scientist. No, no, I ♦A simple one-eelled form of life. {Concluded on Page 1182), The Green Torture by A. Rowley Hilliard Illustrated by Paul Fifty hours of relentless torture was the price he must pay, if he refused the secret a room of bare concrete two men stood to face. The black bearded man our countries are at war— you and I are enemies, and let of you to tell them what they want to know; for I would not willingly condemn any human being to the torture you are about to undergo!” The other, whose face was white and whose jaw was set, smiled grimly. “Sir, you are a hypocrite. I happen to know that the device is of your own inven- tion.” “True, I conceived it myself—true, it was built under my supervision; but I acted under orders. They told me to devise a method of extracting information from cap- tured prisoners, and I have done it. The Council has sent you to me, and I will not hesitate to obey its orders. I love my coun- try, sir—as much as you do yours.” “The noble Council that must torture a helpless man!” mocked the other. The black-bearded man flushed, but re- mained calm. “A little after the beginning of this cen- tury,” he said seriously, “the nations of the earth joined against each other in a struggle which we still know by the name of the World War. It was a struggle of brute force. Tens of thousands of men clashed together, hacking each other with knives called bayonets, or disembowelling each other at short range with gunpowder pro- jectiles. True, they made rudimentary «t- 1162 THE GREEN TORTURE 1163 Ki tempts to smother each other with gases— true, they engaged in petty squabbles above the ground in their suicidal flying planes; but these were merely side-shows. The bas- ic principle of the affair was the man-to- man combat. At that time, therefore—” “You can spare me your history lessons, I hope!” interrupted the other impatiently. The man raised his hand. “I have good reason for saying what I do,” he insisted. “At that time, therefore, the importance of any particular man—even of one in com- mand of his fellows—was not great; and his capture was an event of no particular significance. He might have some minor information on strategy, but the method of attack was so cut and dried as to be never in doubt. If a captured man were a spy his captors usually were contented to threat- en him with death; and, if he told them nothing, to stand him against a wall and shoot him. “In 1980, however, it is different. In these days of scientific warfare the import- ance of the individual has been greatly en- hanced. The destructive knowledge that one man can hold in his brain is enormous—- awful! “The Council has reason to believe that you know the particulars of an attack which is to be launched against us. Every destruc- tive agency has its antidote—every attack its defence. And that is why you must tell us what you know.” “That is why I will not tell you what I know!” “We found you rolled up in a corner and beside you was the strangest machine I have ever seen.” WONDER STORIES “That we shall see, Dr. Thorne!” Thorne remained silent. For the last two days since his capture he had heard nothing but threats; and now they irritated rather than frightened him. For hours at a time he had been heckled and browbeat- en by the most vigor- ous members of the Council, but not one scrap of information had he divulged. As a last resort they had sent him to Bjornsen, the great scientist and inventor, whom two short years ago—be- fore the outbreak of the war—he would have been proud to call his friend. A hot anger gripped him. Friend! Never could he forgive Bjornsen for this hum- iliation of a fellow scientist. After trying his other methods of browbeating him they had put him in this place of bare concrete. And now Bjornsen had come with more threats! Hate gleam- ed in his eyes.	» “Bjornsen, I will never tell you what our attack will be. You will never know until it comes and you are as helpless as a child in our hands-^you, your wise Council, and your whole nation! “You began this war, but we shall end it,” he continued tauntingly. “And you are helpless. We shall not use anything so old- fashioned as poison gas, so childish as pro- jected disease bacilli, or so unsatisfactory as destructive atomic force. No! Our plans are made, the day is set, and—” “Enough!” Bjornsen’s face was working with fear and fury. He pressed a button in the wall by his side. “I think you are a little too sure of your- self, Dr. Thorne. I have warned you; I have tried to be decent to you; now all of that is at an end.” Heavy, muffled footsteps sounded in the corridor. Two muscular negroes ap- peared, pushing gin- gerly between them a strange machine. It was squat and heavy- looking, like an up- right egg,small end up- permost, and resting upon three broad, rub- ber-shod wheels. The top was surmounted by a small sharp spike. Other spikes stuck out maliciously from the body and all of them were colored a dark green, shiny, rad- iant, malignant. Thorne was silent, staring at the contri- vance in utter amaze- ment. At a guttural word from Bjornsen they released it in the mid- dle of the floor across which it started slow- ly moving. One of the negroes handed him what appeared to be a belt, made of oblong iron blocks chained to- gether. This he cast clanking into a corner. And then Thorne felt a cold sensation in his stomach. He gazed wide-eyed. The crawling thing was turning slowly—turning in the direction of the belt! The black-bearded man regarded it lov- ingly. “You are surprised, I think,” he TLfAN, as he progresses upward, is supposed to become more civilized not only in the general conduct of his life but also in his dealing with his fellowman. But that has not been true in the case of warfare. For the horrors that the average soldier was exposed to, the last war was unsurpassed. It was only in the treatment of wounded and mangled men that we were able to demonstrate at all that “civilized qtethod”. The Great War differed from the others in that men were killed in greater num- bers and more quickly. And because we have learn- ed that new science allied to the old method of making war (with bomb, bullet and bayonet) destroys not only the vanquished but also the victor, future wars may be fought upon saner methods. After all it is not necessary for two armies to decimate each other in order to deter- mine a victor. Science should be able to provide a means to put men and arm- ies hors de combat without inflicting more than tem- porary damage upon the soldiers. Our author has conceived of such a weapon, and upon it he has built a N truly prophetic story! THE GREEN TORTURE 1165 •aid with a mocking smile. His fury had abated, and he spoke maliciously—cruelly. “I will explain to you my pretty crawling thing. It is powered by a battery which will propel it for fifty hours. You see that it is moving towards the metal in the corner. That is mysterious—eh?” Thorne said nothing. From the belt of the other hung a small ray pistol. A sud- den leap might get it . • . “That is mysterious only to you,” Bjorn- sen continued. “The metal yonder is high- ly magnetized. Within my toy is a magne- tic needle which controls its movements. Thus it has—ah—it has—an affinity! That is good—eh?” He chuckled. “And it is so shaped that it will not lie upon its back like a turtle. Ah no! That would make it helpless— eh? “Also I should warn you very earnestly—for it concerns you—that the prongs are needle-sharp, and are coated—pay at- tention!—are coated with a peculiar poisonous veg- etable substance from the region of the Amazon River. There the natives use it on the missiles which they hurl. The slightest prick ...” He laughed—but did not complete his sentence. Thorne was scarcely listening to this har- angue, although he vaguely realized its dead- ly import. He was tensing himself for a spring. “I had thought of an alternative,” the man continued conversationally. “I had thought of attaching a compartment filled with one of my poison gases, which would be released when my toy met with any resistance. But I prefer the prongs. The gas seemed too— too—what shall I say?—too anesthetic! .You see, I—” At this point Thorne leaped. The man jumped back. “Seize him!” he shouted. Like two great cats, the negroes were upon him; and his. struggles were useless. “Hold him!” ordered Bjomsen. Ha walk- ed over, and picked up the belt towards which the strange thing was relentlessly moving. This he pulled around the waist of the struggling Thome. He snapped a padlock, and stood back rubbing.his hands. “You and my toy,” he said calmly, “shall play a game of hide and seek together—in the dark! To aid you, you will notice that I have placed a small green light at each end of my toy. I hope that you will watch it carefully. I have found that it requires about twenty seconds to cross this floor. Oh yes! it has been used. The last man that played the game told us what we wanted after twenty hours. A sad case, though; he is now completely insane!” Shaking his head sadly, he spoke to the negroes. They released Thorne, and went into the passage- way. Thome stood still; he could think of nothing to say or do. The black- bearded man bowed cere- moniously. “I hope that you will not be cold,” he said. “I am sorry that I cannot let you have more clothes. However you will find yourself becoming warm naturally. When you want me you have only to press this button in the wall. You should shift your position soon. Goodbye! ” He slipped into the passageway and slammed the heavy door. The Torture Begins! THORNE felt a sensation of relief that he was alone. He looked around him curiously. The room was square, about fif- teen feet across, and absolutely bare. The walls and floor were of concrete. In the ceiling gleamed a white dome of light. Slowly he became conscious of a soft whirring sound behind him. He looked down. Less than three inches from his leg A. ROWLEY HILLIARD 1166 WONDER STORIES pointed the green prongs! The light sud- denly went out; absolute blackness envel- oped him. He stumbled blindly forward, and crashed against the wall. He faced around, panting and shaking. And then, as his eyes became accustomed to the darkness, he saw the green light. It was small and dim; it cast no gleam. Eye- ing it intently, the man felt his way along the wall to the farthest corner of the room. He sat on the floor; for he knew that he must conserve his strength, and the iron belt was very heavy. He was not frightened now. The ease with which he had evaded the thing gave him confidence. Twenty seconds to get to him, it would take . . . He sat about reviewing in his mind the conversation with Bjornsen. He shouldn’t have lost his temper; that had been a mis- take. Still, he hadn’t told them anything useful. They could never guess—never! His mind travelled back to the time of his great discovery—over a year ago, now. He remembered how he had been exper- imenting in his laboratory with new high frequency radio waves for the control of air-torpedoes; how by co-ordinating a ser- ies of oscillators he had achieved high fre- quencies never before dreamed of—a mil- lion kilocycles and more; how his whole body had been gripped as by an awful pow- er; how the world had gone black before his eyes, and he had known no more. Vividly he recalled his recovery two days later in the hospital and his consultation with the puzzled doctor who said he had suffered complete paralysis of the nerves, but could suggest no cause. With typical scientific curiosity Thorne had set to work to solve the mystery. The fact that his laboratory assistant had suf- fered in exactly the same way was the clue that finally led to his astounding discov- ery;—that radio waves passing through the body within a certain range of very high frequencies attack the nerves producing a temporary complete paralysis!. And yet it was not unbelievable, as he had pointed out many times since then. Electromagnetic waves affect the optic nerves only within a very narrow range of frequencies. There are many other colors than those that we see such as red, violet, blue, green . . . Green! As he thought his eyes had been fastened upon the green light. It was the only use for them. The darkness was so complete that he could see no part of his own body. He grew puzzled, then uneasy. It should be moving, he knew; yet it appeared to be perfectly stationary. The whirring sound had never ceased. Suddenly, nervously, he leaped to his feet. The realization of what this meant had come to him. He could not see it move! The only tool of perspective left to him—that of change in size—was gone. He felt his way hurriedly along the wall, turned a cor- ner, and moved on until he could see no green light at all. He knew that he must be opposite the side of the machine. He stood absolutely still, straining his eyes. A speck appeared—moved—he could tell that it was moving slowly sideways—then it became stationary. And he knew that the thing had turned, and was once more coming steadily towards him. He remained motionless as long as he could, but the thought of being in that direct line was un- nerving. Again he stumbled along the wall. He sank to the floor in a corner, only to struggle to his feet again, and move un- easily on. He was losing his sense of the passage of time. Twenty seconds to cross the floor, Bjornsen had said. Two minutes —twenty minutes—an hour—it was all the same! The room was a room no longer. It was an endless wall which scraped his skin as he fled—which bumped and jarred him at its corners. Hunted by a relentless green death in a timeless and spaceless darkness! The man trembled. The palms of his hands were clammy. He moved in spasmodic jerks, breathing unevenly. The man became tired. The realization that he was wasting precious energy slowly calmed him. “I must keep my head!” he muttered. “1 must!” THE GREEN TORTURE 1167 FOR the first time his thoughts turned on the jjiachine itself. Surely a sense- less thing could not hunt a man to his death! It was inconceivable. He struggled for a minute to remove the belt, but realized the futility of that. No, he must attack the thing itself.	j He followed the wall until no green light was visible. Breathing heavily, he crept out across the floor. He tried to guide himself by the whirring sound, but it seemed to come from everywhere. Suddenly a green light appeared. Clenching his fists and setting his teeth the man walked deliberately tow- ards it as far as he dared. Then he circled quickly, and knew that he must be almost at the side of the thing. He thought that the whirring was louder. He leaned over, and reached down. With a cry he leaped back. In the nick of time he had remembered the deadly green spike on top. He must approach it from below. Calming himself, he got to his knees. He reached his hand along the floor—farther—farther . . . He touched something hard and smooth. It was vibrating softly. Feeling his way carefully, he maneuvered until he had a hand on each side—his fingers beneath it. He was going to lift it as high as he could, and dash it to the floor. He got to his feet, and pulled upwards with all his strength. The thing was unbelievably heavy. He raised it a few inches; then his fingers gave away, and he fell backwards. There was a loud bump, but the soft whirr- ing never ceased. Nerving himself, he returned to the at- tack. He would turn it on its back. Per- haps Bjornsen had lied to him. By a series of careful maneuvers he got both hands under one side, and heaved. He leaped back against the wall trembling. The thing had righted itself so quickly that the cold metal had grazed his ankle. He remembered a toy he had once, like this. It would rest in no position except on its base. He would try once more. He stood with his back against the wall, his legs wide apart, and waited. He could not tell how long he waited, but suddenly the thing wag very near. The light was almost beneath him. Now he could see its slow advance. He tensed himself. He was terribly afraid, but he did not move. And then as it seemed about to press itself upon him, he jumped sideways. And then what he had hoped for happened. The whirring ceased, the light stopped in its advance, and he knew that the deadly prongs were against the wall. He knew that there were prongs at the other end, he knew that the devilish thing could reverse itself, but he blindly hoped that because it was stopped it would not start again. He crossed the floor. He held his breath. To his ears came the soft, steady purr. He sank to the floor, sobbing. He knew that he could not leave the wall again. Never again could he approach that awful machine voluntarily. He must flee— flee continually—how long? Fifty hours, his tormenter had said. .That meant noth- ing. What was an hour? How . . . Light—dazzling, blinding! He clapped his hands to his eyes. It was some minutes before he could see—see the thing approach- ing from the center of the floor—squat, im- placable. Quickly he looked away. On the floor by the door lay food, and water in a paper cup. He knew that he was being watched. High in the door was a porthole of heavy glass. Faintly he heard a laugh. A mad anger gripped him. He ran at the mach- ine, and beat its hard sides with his fists. The light went out. His terror returning with the darkness, he retreated, hit heavily against the wall, and fell. He tried to close his eyes to shut out the green light, but he could not. He must watch it; it held him. He felt that he could not move. He heard his heart-beats»blend- ed with the soft purr behind that dull, green, menacing eye. It was coming—com- ing . . . With a shuddering sigh he t staggered to his feet. He couldn’t stand it—he didn’t care what happened. He felt along the wall—-There! he had it. His finger was on the button. {Continued on Page 1183) From Out of the Earth by Ed Earl Repp (Illustrated by Marchioni) Its tail curled around Bright’s body like a python, lifting him high in the air, as we pumped shot after shot into it. 1168 FROM OUT OF THE EARTH 1169 ^'T ALES that no one be-^ -L lieves, fill the folklore of all nations. From Rus- sia there have come stor- ies, dating from the 15th century, telling of the ap- pearance of airplanes. In the lore of the Aztec race is the story of a white god who came down from the skies to teach them all they knew—and give them their amazing inex- plicable civilization. How much truth is con- tained in these stories, no one knows. But when we hear them, remembering the adage: "where there’s smoke, there must be fire,” we must be willing to ad- mit that truth may reside in them. Mr. Repp knows Death Valley. He has accom- panied many scientific ex- peditions there and he is familiar with many of the unbelievable stories that have come out of that furnace of hell.” Be- cause of the intense heat there the year round, and because it is one of the lowest spots on earth, many strange occurrences could have taken place. This story may have been ■^o/te of them.	^ water . . . WATER!” fully into the muzzle of his ancient gun and saw him tug at the hammer with his gnarl- ed thumb. Realizing that the man meant to kill me, I watched almost in terror. The hammer came back perhaps a quarter of an inch and stuck there on the safe- ty catch. Feebly he tugged at the death de- vice, his strength wan- ing rapidly. The ham- mer refused to move further, so weak was the thumb behind it. With a guttural, re- signed groan, he low- ered his gun and sagged, finally to roll over on his side. His efforts had sapped his reserve strength. He began blubbering like a child in broken, sob- bing words. “Y-y-you’ve got me at last,” he mumbled as I lowered my tired arms and glanced around for the others, “but I-I-didn’t do it! I swear I didn’t do it. They’ll never h-h-hang me! They’ll never . . . spotted you a half-mile back and came up here to see what was wrong. You look all in, old timer!” The automatic pistol hanging at my belt caught his gaze. For a few seconds he ap- praised it blankly; then the clatter of the others coming up the float caused his eyes to become even more hard. I gaped fear- AS MEMBERS of a scientific expedition exploring a newly found canyon in Death Valley, California, for the remains of a prehistoric member of rhinocerotidae which we knew, by petrified bone fragments recovered from the float, lay somewhere ahead in the blazing silicious walls, we came upon a man, aged, withered, and almost dead from thirst and telling years. At first glance we grasped that he was a prospector of the old school, for somehow he had managed to cling to a shovel, pick and empty canteen even in the face of death that yawned wide for him. I was the first mem- ber of our parly to reach his side as he lay waiting for death to overtake him. Per- haps he was thinking seriously of the new world he was soon to visit, for he had not heard our approach until I was within a dozen feet of him. Then with the swift- ness of a striking fer de lance he suddenly found some hidden re- serve strength in his brittle bones and snap- ped himself into a set- ting posture to cover me with an old 1900 model pistol. Aston- ished at the unexpected display of hostility, I halted in my tracks, holding up my hands wildly in a fearful ges- ture to impress him with my harmlessness. His eyes, half-closed and filled with sand eyed me from head to foot. Then I spoke in a trembling voice. “Take it easy, old man!” I urged, forc- ing a smile. “We mean you no harm. We The gun dropped from his withered fist and slid down a short incline of gravel. I motioned wildly for my companions. They broke into a run, led by Dr. Frapin, paleon* 1170 WONDER STORIES tologi9t in charge, and soon reached the man’s side. / . As I bathed his wrinkled brow with wa- ter from my canteen, I wondered what he had meant by his suspicious words. My conclusion was inevitable that here was a man who had committed a crime; who had accepted us as officers come upon his trail to finally apprehend him. After a time he ceased his blubbering, whereupon he informed us that his name was Jerome Ackerman. But I could see that it would not be very long until he car- ried it to his grave. His aged hands trem- bled and his lower jaw sagged weakly as he reiterated again and again that he had not committed the deed which had caused him, earlier in his life, to be- come a hunted man, a fugitive from justice. Time after time he asked us if We were officers searching for him. In- forming him that we were scientists with no interest in his case beyond casual curiosity, his tongui»> dampened with our wat«r, gradually loosened and as though realizing that his end was near he began to unfold what I first ex- pected to be a confession. Frequently Dr. Frapin plied him with leading questions. On each occa- sion the dying man, now convinced that we were friends, the only ones he had met in many years of constant dodging his fellow beings, replied intelli- gently. Even with death standing in the ©fifing, hovering over him like a grim, spec- tral shadow, he seemed to have full com- mand of his faculties if not over his atro- phied body. Knowing that the man was soon to die, Frapin felt that whatever story he told, would interest the law and perhaps clear up an old mystery. And Dr. Frapin was the kind of a man to pry into the deeper things, being totally unsatisfied with surface indi- cations alone. He was somewhat of a crim- inologist as a hobby, and handling the man deftly drew the admission that he would have killed me in cold blood, believing that I represented the law, had it not been for his weakness. I OFFERED a silent prayer of thanks that the hand of God had prevented that and listened, as under Frapin’s urging, as he un- folded one of the most amazing tales that I believe has ever come out of the mysterious desert wastes of the Valley of Death. Being the secretary of the expedition, I jotted down, in shorthand, like a court reporter, every word the man muttered. Presently Dr. Frapin ceased questioning the man. He offered him another drink of water which he refused with a feeble nod of thanks. Then from his parched lips came this tale of pri- vation,"death and horrible terror; of a pursuing menace that had plunged down upon him. “I tell you,” he began as soon as his waning strength would permit him, “that I did not kill my three friends, Gundel- finger, Crank and Bright! How can I convince the law and man that I did not kill them as I have been charged ? I have told the true facts of the case only to be laughed at, sneered at and cursed. I will tell it again, to you, for as scientists you may believe in me. You may understand that such a thing that brought doom to my friends could materialize. I implore you to accept my word before God that my story is true from beginning to end. I did not kill Gundelfinger, Crank ami Bright! Re- member that! “I first became acquainted with them at Tombstone, Arizona. They had prospected many miles of desertland thereabout for gold, with little or no success. Thereupon ED EARI REPP FROM OUT OF THE EARTH 1171 I befriended them, taking to heart their stories of bad luck, and gave them money until my pockets were almost empty. “I took them into my confidence and we made plans to prospect in Death Valley, but Gundelfinger’s wife lay ill and interfered with our departure. I knew that gold could be found in Death Valley and was anxious to be after it. “Finally the woman recovered her strength enough to travel. At my expense we put her on a train bound for San Bernardino. We followed it on horseback, arriving at the California town two weeks later. From there the four of us went into hell, leaving the sickly woman in good care. “It was she, incidentally, who made the first charges that I had murdered her hus- band and my other two companions to hide, for myself, the rich vein of gold .... This woman, whom I had befriended, whose ex- penses I had paid with the last dregs of my own money, was the one who falsely be- trayed me into the hands of the law .... “For weeks and months we wandered over Death Valley, digging here, digging there, the will-o’-the-wisp .... gold, always beck- oning us to peck at the burning earth beyond the next searing ridge. “The heat was terrifying. The sun beat down* upon us without mercy, causing our tongues to become parched and leathery on more than one occasion between distant water-holes. “Day after day we struggled onward, up blind canyons, over searing fiats and blis- tering mesas, down through dazzling coulees and out over the burning levels again. Al- ways. the yellow lure beckoned us to fol- low to the next saddleback. Death seemed, even as now, to tread the desert beside us. We drank sparingly of our water, half-dead with thirst, to save a few precious drops to dampen our leathery tongues when we at- tained the next ridge. On and on we went pursuing the mirage of gold. “At night we heard strange sounds, weird, grotesque sounds, like the breathing of a monster bull, which at times sent us almost into stark insanity. But we managed to keep up our search day after day, my com- panions helping me, I in turn helping them. We shared together the terrors of Death Valley; we lay close together at night for warmth, for the desert nights are filled with a chill that bites to the marrow of the bones. “Eventually we came upon a great streak of red table-land that stretched for miles, terrible, merciless miles, in either direction. We mounted a slight incline and entered upon it. As we gained the top it seemed that we had walked deliberately into an open oven, so hot was the terrible blast that struck us. Before long the heat of the soft red asphalt burned through our boots, cook- ing the soles of our feet. “Our water began to evaporate in the can- teens. Each time we removed the caps for a sparing drink, white wraiths of steam danced forth and escaped into the flaming The Tracks! HE paused for a long moment to get his breath. His ancient lungs seemed to play out almost entirely every few minutes and he was forced to fight for wind. Frapin handed him a canteen and he drank spar- ingly from it as though hoarding the con- tents for a time of greater need. Finally he continued. “For two days we trekked across that ta- ble-land toward the distant horizon that loomed up gray and ghostly in the eastern haze. Toward evening of the second day we came upon great, claw-marked tracks stamped deeply in the asphalt.	j “They were the foot-prints of some tre- mendous beast that seemed to have dropped from the sky like a bird, landing on what must have been eight feet and went away again after a moment’s pause. Each of its eight prints were imbedded inches deep in the asphalt, showing the great weight of the mysterious creature. “ ‘That’s damn strange, Ackerman!’ Gun- delfinger said to me as we tarried to inspect the prints. ‘I never heard of a critter as large as this!’ “ ‘Nor I, Jim!’ I told him frankly. ‘And it had eight legs!’ “Crank and Bright appraised the tracks carefully, walked around them and measured 1172 WONDER STORIES the dist&nce between the rear and the front prints. They looked up in astonishment, their faces pale despite their deep tan. “ ‘Twenty-three feet apart, partners!’ they chorused. “ ‘Whatever made those tracks must’ve been a giant, Crank!’ said Gundelfinger. ‘Looks like some prehistoric, eight-legged beast has landed here from the air an’ took away again. I think maybe the tracks were made thousands of years ago. I’ve seen some tracks in Arizony made by dinosaurs millions of years ago!’ “ ‘I think you’re wrong,’ said Bright, shaking his head. ‘Look here!’ “He walked the full length of the tracks, paused and pointed down to the hot asphalt. We followed and stared, Gundelfinger pok- ing lightly at a conical heap with the toe of his boot. The stuff was soft. ‘“Droppings!” he said, baffled. ‘And no more than a few hours old, else they’d be dry!’ “ ‘And another thing, Jim,’ stated Bright. To prove that the tracks are not more than a few hours old, is that they’re still sharp and clear. If they were old, the asphalt,- would have dripped oil into the holes, cov- erin’ the prints, an’ the edges would have overlapped by now!’ “ ‘I guess you’re right, Bright,’ Gundel- finger acknowledged. They’re young prints, by jingo!’ “ ‘But we are getting nowhere, partners,’ I reminded them harshly. I was impatient to get off that streak of red table-land. It was too damnably hot; too ghostly, and our water supply would hardly last to the next salt-hole. “We departed at once and after a half hour’s steady hiking we came upon another set of the tracks. Shortly thereafter we saw others until eventually we came upon a sec- tion of the table-land that was punctured by countless prints, making the going mighty hard. It was hard to go on without sinking ar.kle-deep in the holes in the bottom of which were exposed the clear imprints of the giant, clawed feet. “The monster from hell must have done a dance of death there, else it was some kind of a roosting place for many of them. We hadn’t a doubt in our minds but that the monster was from the air. The first set of tracks told us that much. If the thing had not cpme from the air, it would have left a steady trail as it walked across the blazing asphalt streak. As it was, it seem- ed to have landed here and there for a short period and then take off again, leaving con- ical piles that at times reached waist-high wherever it had come down. “Fearful lest we encounter the monster itself, we banded close together and sped as rapidly as we could across the table- land. Night was falling fast. The sun was setting in the west like a blazing ball. A stiff breeze, as hot as the breath from a furnace, was sweeping over us. On it was an odor, tainting the air with a sickening sweetness, becoming at times, almost nau- seating. “Long after the sun had vanished behind the Funerals we kept on. But the hand of the devil seemed to interfere with our -progress and we were forced to stop for the night on the fringe of a heavily tracked area. To go on in the darkness would have meant broken ankles, for the night was al- most pitch-black and we could not have seen the deep holes. “We did not build a fire for the evening meal, though we carried sufficient fuel to boil coffee. From the cans we ate cold beans that had long since been dried by evaporation. After that we placed our blan- kets close together on the asphalt, but we could not sleep. “Terrifying sounds reached our ears, men- acing hisses that cut the blackness like es- caping steam, and dismal sighs that sounded like wind threshing through giant wings, made sleep impossible. The noises would cause any mortal to tremble in his books. They were blood-curdling. “It must have been exhaustion that finally forced my eyes to close in a troubled, aw- ful slumber. How long I lay in the throes of dreadful nightmares I do not know. But I suddenly awakened with a start. 4 4 T KNEW that it was a beastly scream JL that jarred me to life. So human and terrible was it that my heart leaped into my FROM OUT OF THE EARTH 1173 throat as it came again followed by a thun- derous roar sounding like stampeding cat- tle. In the blackness not far away I thought I glimpsed what appeared to be a ghostly monster hovering in the air, but laid the ghastly vision to exhaustion and fear. Then Gundelfinger suddenly spoke. “ ‘Where’s Crank?’ he asked in a low, terrified whisper. “ ‘Isn‘t he lying beside Bright?’ I replied with a shiver. “Bright emitted a frightened groan be- fore he spoke. ‘No, he’s not here!’ he said. ‘He’s gone .... slipped away, for his gun is lying beside me!’ “ ‘Good God!’ I breathed fearfully. ‘Do you mean that he slipped away with the monster prowling about?’ “ ‘He probably went to investigate the noises,’ said Gundelfinger, whispering soft- ly. ‘He’ll come back!’ u ‘No, my friend,’ I argued. ‘Crank would not wander around here without his gun, unless something lured him away.’ “I felt Gundelfinger tremble suddenly as his hand searched for his pistol. “‘Lured away?’ he inquired like a man dazed. ‘Lured! Good God, I felt some- thing trying to entice me away from here but I fought it off! I felt a terrible urge to go wandering around looking for the thing that seems to be hovering around us. I recall the sensation now. I must have been dozing when I felt it. It was like some invisible power, coaxing, pleading with me to follow an irresistible lure!” “ ‘Oh, Crank’ll show up in time,’ said Bright, trying to bolster his courage in the thought, though realizing full well that Crank would never be seen again alive. “For the rest of the night we lay in breath- less terror and listened to the terrifying sounds. I heard no more screams such as come from a human throat. I had no doubt but that Crank had been lured away and sent to his doom with the death cries that had jarred me to life. We listened tensely for sounds of his return and heard no human footfalls. “Finally the desert became aglow with the rainbow colors of early morning. With the first streaks of dawn we stared around us, amazed that we had lived the night through. “The table-land was deserted! Ther^l was nothing in sight that could have made such awful sounds as throbbed throughout the night in our ears. And Crank seemed to have been swallowed, for he had vanished entirely, leaving no trace. “What had been his actual fate we could not know then. We did know that he was gone. We could see thirty miles in either direction and not a speck bespoke his pre- sence anywhere on the flat. I did not doubt but that something awful had befal- len him, though with the arrival of daylight we felt somewhat secure, and at a loss to know what to do next, we began hiking away from the spot. “The new day was begun almost as the rising sun came over the eastern ridges. It seemed to pop up suddenly. Then the desert became an oven. As we went away hur- riedly we ate dried prunes for breakfast, washing them down with a scant drink of water. “The tracks were everywhere now. The conical piles of droppings were like prairie- dog mounds, though somewhat higher and more pointed at the top. Somehow Gundel- finger stumbled over a pile of the dung, fell on his face and swore. “But in falling he had kicked off the top of the pile. We were mystified to find ex- posed a great, egg-shaped object weighing at least twenty pounds. So hard was it that the butt of a gun could not smash it. The thing was like an oval stone and as white as flour! “After trying to smash the shell with a gun-butt, Bright finally succeeded in break- ing it on a chunk of red rock. To our utter surprise we found, within the thing, tiny animal scarcely larger than a new-born pup, with eight legs, a dragon-like head and thin, almost undeveloped wings on its sides like the membranes of a flying squirrel. .“It was a vicious little devil and very much alive as Bright discovered when he tried to fondle the little beast. It opened its savage little mouth and sank needle-like teeth into his hand. With an oath he hurled it from him, killing it instantly. 1174 WONDER STORIES The Strike! i i i T THINK I know what its all about, JL partners,’ he growled. ‘Some giant beast, possibly from another world, has been planting its eggs here on this table-1 and to hatch under the heat of the sun! This is the hottest place this side of hell and from the thickness of the shell it would take a helluva heat to hatch the filthy critters! Let’s get away from here before we follow poor Crank!’ “^You’re suffering from hallucinations, Jim!’ I managed to laugh. ‘The heat’s got you by the ears! It is not possible for a beast to come here from another world!’ “ ‘Dammit, Jerome!’ he snorted heatedly. ‘Where else could such an egg-laying mon- ster come from?’ “ ‘I admit it is a mystery, partner,’ I told him. ‘Yet it does not seem possible. I for one, do not believe that it came through space to this spot.’ ‘ “Maybe Crank was so scared that he just up and bolted,’ put in Jim Gundelfinger, squinting at the distant horizons. “ ‘No,’ I said. ‘Crank would not dare start across the desert without water.’ “ ‘That’s right,’ acknowledged Gundelfin- ger. ‘He did not take a canteeen!’ “After another five hours of continuous hiking we came to the end of the table-land. Below us stretched the eastern rim of the desert as far as we could see. Our water had given out at noon and now we were burning up with thirst. “We made our way down the buttresses and started across the scorching sand. In the evening we encountered a spring, run- ning pure water as cold as ice. It was hid- den in a little box canyon and we had, acci- dently stumbled upon it while searching for an easy way out. “Gundelfinger, his tongue as hard as sun- toughened leather, made a dash for the little pool. I yelled at him to wait until we had tested the water before he drank. “Having been born and raised in the desertlands of the west, I knew well the danger of drinking water that bubbles up from saline soils. My companions, raised in the east, could not know that nine out of every ten desert springs contain the dead- ly arsenic poison. “ ‘Jim!’ I called. ‘Do not drink the water until we have tested it!’ “‘You go to heH!’ he rasped back, his voice sounding ghostly as they formed on his dry, leathery tongue. ‘You want it for yourself!’ “Despite my warnings he drank deeply and as I watched him for convulsions, he buried both his hands suddenly in the spring and shouted like a mad man. “‘Gold! Gold! Gold!’ he cried frenzied- ly, dousing his hands in the precious water time after time, letting the silt of the bot- tom dribble through his fingers. The spring became a hole of mud before we recovered from our astonishment and made for it. “And true enough, the silt was thick with sands of glittering gold! We had accident- ly stumbled on life and wealth at the same time, lying together in the bowl of a bub- bling spring of pure, untainted water! It was as pure as any I had ever tasted, but we drank it, red with mud. “After a time the spring cleared. We filled our canteens from it, then with heavy hearts over Crank’s disappearance, we be- gan searching for the mother lode from which the particles of gold had come. After a little work we located it several feet above the spring and right under eight inches of volcanic shale. “It was the richest strike ever made! I know it! The vein where we encountered it was two feet wide and only God knows how deep it ran! We patted Gundelfinger on the back and gave him credit for the strike. He accepted it modestly and to- gether we staked out the claims, including one for Crank. Bright made a map of the location and stuck it in his pocket. Then we started to work on the vein of yellow, virgin gold. “With my knife I peeled off long slivers of the metal. How brilliantly it glistened in the light of the westering sun! Never had I beheld such a yellow, shining wealth. It made our blood run high in spite of what had befallen our party on the table-land. But Crank was gone and it was beyond our power to bring him back to us.” FROM OUT OF THE EARTH 1175 DR. FRAPIN eyed me curiously as the prospector and murder suspect paused again for a drink of water. I shook my head dubiously and tapped my temple sig- nificantly with a pencil to denote my belief that the man was perhaps more than a trifle cracked. The scientist’s eyes hardened for he nodded in defense of the man’s story. Then the dying man resumed his tale, draw- ing our attention to him.	/ “For five days,” he continued in wheez- ing gasps. “We stayed at the spring, dig- ging like mad men, into the yellow vein. We watched our pile grow from a few mis- erable nuggets and scrapings to a heap that would require a mule to transport it. Then to our disgust and chagrin we discovered that our provisions were almost gone, with only a few cans of beans remaining to see us to Barstow. “We debated on the question of one of us returning to Barstow for more provisions and a string of burros. But each was so eager to return to civilization that we de- cided that all should go. “Hurriedly we covered our discovery with shale and piled rocks over the spring to hide it from any wandering prospector. After posting our location notices all along the vein we filled our canteens and started once again across that teyible red table- land, weighted down with as much gold as we could carry. “Night and day we travelled until finally exhaustion halted us in the middle of the vermilion streak. Scarcely had we lain down than we were fast asleep. “Suddenly we were awakened by the most hideous roar that ever grated on the ears of man. The ground under us seemed to tremble from the terrific concussion of the sound. “‘Good God!’ Gundelfinger exclaimed, sitting erect. * “Bright, beside me, gave a snort of ter- ror and shot a hand for his gun. His eyes glittered with an ungodly fear and his teeth clattered in his mouth. He seemed speechless. I was appalled. “It must have been close to midnight when we awoke. But a crescent moon, standing in the heavens to the eastward, bathed the blistered table-land with a pale, ghostly light. Stars glimmered overhead like fiery pin-points. The tableland seemed to roll and sway as though under the influence of some dreadful underground upheaval. “In stark terror we sat deathly still on our blankets, pistols ready, to get our bear- ings. The streak, with its monster imprints and piles of dung, was aglow with the pale, ghostly light of the dim moon and stars. Not a living thing was visible on it, yet we knew that something awful hovered peril- ously near. The terrifying roar thundered down again and again causing goose-flesh to stand out on me like itching hives. My blood curdled in my veins. “Almost together we gathered our legs under us and stood up, each holding his gun ready for instant use. Then Bright’s eyes searched the air above us. What he saw there caused him to recoil with a fear- ful scream. He hurled himself flat on his face and buried his head in his arms. We looked up, appalled. “Directly over us, huge, membraned wings flapping dismally, ready to charge down upon us, was the monstrous beast whose tracks had punctured the red asphalt all around us! It loomed overhead like som£ gargantuan thing of a forgotten age, its eyes bulging and flashing fire, jaws dripping with red, flaming saliva. “God, what a terrible thing for a man to behold! What a terrible smell for a man’s nostrils to inhale! The beast stunk like the dead, but with a nauseating sweetness that made us violently ill. “I hope to God that none of you gentle- men will ever see such a beast! Even now as I tell of it, I recoil at its haunting vision dancing before my eyes. My stomach re- volts at the smell which has never quite left my nostrils. I can never get that vision erased from my mind. It is stamped so firmly there that only death, which beckons to me now, can erase it! “But so huge was the flying monster that it cast a black shadow over us. It floated lightly between us and the moon, engulfing us in a terrifying gloom. Yet we could 1176 WONDER STORIES make out distinctly almost every detail of the thing. “It was much like the little creature we had taken from the great egg previously. But how could a tiny little savage like that grow to such monstrous size, we asked our- selves?’ - “The beast opened its dragon-like jaws, rolled its horn-studded head and roared at us. The concussion nearly knocked us flat on our backs. Then the monster flapped its great wings slowly and slid through the air, circling us. It dragged a monster tail be- hind it. Flight! 4 4 Ij^ASCINATED, we watched, insanity J7 striking threatening blows at our reasoning. Bright began to blubber sud- denly like an imbecile. Then he arose from the ground and stood trembling beside us. After a moment he seemed to crack under the strain and began to run wildly. “Instantly the creature lashed out its long, flat tail. It curled around Bright’s body like a python, lifted him high in the air and as we pumped shot after shot into it, hurled him to the asphalt with a sickening thud. Hardly had his broken body ttopped rolling than the brute was upon it. “Too appalled and stupefied to run, we watched the beast swing downward and land on all its eight feet, jabbing the asphalt deeply with them. It stood over Bright’s body and proceeded to gobble it before our very eyes! “I have always been a religious man and I got down at once on my knees to pray. Some strange, powerful influence urged me to do so. Sobbing, I offered my prayer for safety. “‘Shut up!’ Gundelfinger hissed at me. ‘Keep shooting the thing! Prayin’ ain’t go- ing to save our hides! Shoot its eyes out!’ “The beast was facing us now, watching every move we made. But Gundelfinger snapped up his gun again and fired straight at the creature. With a savage roar it lifted its head, its eyes flashing like twin fires. From its jaws hung what remained of Bright, a mass of bloody, horrible flesh! “Gundelfinger’s gun blazed again. I knew that his aim was true, for he had been known to shoot silver dollars out of the air. But the eyes of the beast still flamed! He could not have missed his mark because of his excitement. No better marksman ever lived than Jim Gundelfinger, but the crea- ture’s eyes must have been protected by a shield of thick, transparent bone of a strength to resist even a bullet from a .45! It was like trying to shoot out a light pro- tected behind a slab of transparent steel. “I aimed quickly and fired again and again, thumbing the hammer in a way that had won me the title of expert gun-fanner. As true as my aim was, no damage had been done to the brute’s flaming eyes. They con- tinued to spray us with a deadly light that seemed to overcome, to hypnotize me. “Slowly the winged terror came toward us. It hovered perhaps ten feet above the asphalt, its scaled legs almost dragging, its flat tail writhing like a serpent in the air. From its jaws dripped vermilion. Ter- rible shreds of flesh and bone clung to its saw-like fangs. “I must pause here to comment upon the nerve of Jim Gundelfinger. If ever a man possessed the courage to stand before such a terrifying assault, Jim Gundelfinger was the man. I cannot praise him too highly for his bravery in the face of almost certain death. “He stood his ground as the beast ap- proached, holding his fire for a killing shot. I backed away fearfully. Then his pistol cracked three times. I saw him draw his arm back to hurl the empty weapon into the awesome face of the brute. The gun collided with the bony nose, bounced off sharply and clattered on the ground. His bullets ineffective, he turned on his heels and ran off to the side. “Instantly the beast lashed out its tail and hurled him flat. I saw him lifted high in the air and thrown with a thump to the asphalt. He writhed in the throes of death for a moment and then lay still. “In stark terror I began to run, it did not matter where. With my pockets filled with gold, the going was hard. My canteen was almost full and further hindered my race for FROM OUT OF THE EARTH 1177 safety. Yet I managed to run, filled with a deep-rooted horror and fear that brought insanity to my brain, expecting with every step to feel that awesome tail snap around my body like a steel spring. “Then it came! It seemed to lash out for me like the tongue of a monster ant-eater flicking for an insect. I heard it drone through the air with a menacing wail, and then it snapped like a whip-lash just behind me. I was hurled flat on my face, but the tail had missed. I was a scant foot beyond its reach! “Quickly I arose, blubbering like an im- becile, and continued my frenzied flight. Glancing fearfully over my shoulder I glimpsed that terrible tail again. The beast was curling it up for another thrust at me. I saw it, on second glance, spring outward. Again it snapped just behind me as though some monster was in my rear snapping a black-snake whip at my back. It missed by a mere fraction 3nd once again I glanced back. I saw the brute’s jaws close over the prostrate form of Gundelfinger. It began to gorge on its victim, now apparently un- mindful of me, knowing evidently that my capture was but a matter of minutes. “Like a madman I ran as fast as my legs could carry me. I leaped over narrow gaps, tripped in holes and prayed often for deliv- erance from the horrible creature that had so suddenly blasted our lives. . 4 4 T) RESENTLY, in the dim moonlight, Jl I saw a narrow gap loom up. I bunched my muscles to make a leap over it. As I sailed through the air I had a sudden thought. It came to me like a voice from the air. “‘Crawl into the chasm, Jerome!’ some- thing advised me plainly. ‘Crawl out of sight and the beast can’t get you!’ “I paused and looked back at the yawn- ing abyss. “ ‘Hurry, hurry!’ the strange voice urged. ‘Crawl into the abyss and you will be de- livered ! ’ “I shot a hurried glance at the star-stud- ded dome of Heaven and mumbled my thanks. With lungs ready to explode from exertion, veins threatening to split, I ran along the edge of the abyss, searching for a place to go down. “Finally I discovered a narrow shelf of rock five or six feet from the top. Without hesitation I leaped down to it, slipped and almost rolled to my death in the bottom far below. “The moon’s pale light struck the shelf just right, revealing it to me clearly. Far below I could see the bottom of the gorge, widening into a great pit. The shelf grad- ually descended down to it. Taking my life in my hands I raced downward, hugging the wall closely. It was sheer and smooth, but frequently great boulders projected out- ward to interfere with my escape. I had to pause and wiggle under them like a snake. On one occasion a rock was hidden in a black shadow. I did not see it until too late. ' “My pounding feet collided with it and I went sprawling, ’ clutching madly for a hand-hold to save myself from falling into the abyss. By some miracle I saved myself even as I fell over, by clutching at the edge of the shelf. How I managed to pull my- self back onto it, I shall never know. “From overhead came a sudden burst of thunderous roars that lashed my faculties into a maniacal madness. The terrifying sounds crashed through the abyss like the explosion of a thousand cannons, echoing and re-echoing on every side. The horrible beast was on my trail at last! “A dark hole yawned presently in the sheer wall of the shelf. It was the entrance to some underground cavern, leading from the shelf and created probably by some freak of nature. I dashed into the inky blackness without hesitation. Far within the tunnel I crouched. The heat was unbearable and little wisps of sickening, sulphurous vapors played around my nostrils, causing me to cough violently when I wanted only to be silent and still. “Where was I. I had lost all sense of di- rection and might have been at the entrance of hell for all that I knew. As I lay I de- cided that somewhere near must be a sleep- ing volcano from which probably flowed the red asphalt that formed the vast, blister- ing table-land. “The place was filled with savage, bestial 1178 WONDER STORIES roars. I shrank fearfully against the hot, steaming wall, gun in hand, ready to blow out my brains should the beast manage to get at me. “Suddenly at the opening of the tunnel, I beheld a snake-like object sliding, gliding along the moonlit shelf. It was the long, flat tail of the beast, searching me out! “I placed the muzzle of my gun to my temple, hammer back, to send a messenger of death crashing through my brain. How good it would feel to die by my own hand rather than follow my three companions! I waited and watch the outcome of the sud- den appearance of the creature’s tail. “It curled restlessly into the tunnel, searching blindly for me. The beast seem- ed to know that I crouched there somehow and was trying to ferret me out with its long, terrible tail. But something whisper- ed to me that I was beyond its reach. “Fascinated I watched the serpent-like thing. It curled and uncurled like the sensi- tive feelers of a butterfly, searching here, searching there, ever reaching out to clutch me in a grip of doom. It could drag me out of my hiding place with little effort and lift me into those awful jaws! I shrank farther away from it. “On sudden impulse I levelled my gun at it and fired. The tunnel trembled under the explosion. My head swam, my senses reeled. Yet I saw the ghastly tail jerk back suddenly and then lash out toward me again. It seemed to glow with a strange, phosphor- escent luminosity where my bullet had struck. It must have been the creature’s blood that caused it to glow like that. “But closer and closer it come toward me. From it radiated a sickening odor that I could detect even above the sulphurous stenches engulfing me. _ “ ‘Oh, God!’ I cried out feverishly, as the tail came within five feet of me and paused, writhing frenziedly. It seemed alive with an undying craving to clutch me and haul me out of my place of terror. WATCHED it as I would the ugly head JL of a rattler. It writhed, stretched and lashed out, but after it failed to reach me, I laughed, insanely, madly. Then gradually my senses cleared and I realized that it could not touch me. I was beyond it! Finally it withdrew slowly and limply like an in- jured reptile. I breathed a stream of pray- ers and intoned my thanks to the Invisible Protector. “All night I crouched in the tunnel. Fre- quently I dozed off with a certain sense of security, awakening again and again with a jerk as I heard the terrible roars reverberat- ing through the abyss. The earth shook when the raging beast stamped along the edge of the chasm, filling the skies with its seemingly disappointed bellows while it searched, I thought, for an opening large enough to admit its gigantic body. “Gradually the mouth of the tumfel brightened with the approach of another day. Slowly the cave filled with murky light. I listened hard for sounds. The desert, with the dawn, had suddenly become quiet and still. Then I realized that the beast must have gone with the first light of day. “Where had the great, interplanetary beast, as it must have been, gone? Had it left the table-land to bed down somewhere until the arrival of another night to lay its great eggs? Or had it flown into space to another world beyond our own? Was it safe to venture into the open or was the beast lying calmly, waiting for me to ap- pear? “I could not remain in hiding forever! My water could not last and hunger was already crying to be appeased. I must get out. I must get back to San Bernardino to tell Gundelfinger’s poor woman what had happened, and give her some of the gold from my pockets! “Cautiously I emerged from the cave and stood upon the shelf. The abyss was bathed in the brilliant sunshine of the new day. The sun was dazzling, blinding and it made my eyes smart. I felt the weight of the gold in my pockets. But the wealth was remote from my mind now. Life was more important. I could come back later with many men and guns if I was spared. ’ “As I looked down the abyss along the wall my blood seemed to coagulate in my veins, for there was that appalling tail in FROM OUT OF THE EARTH	1179 full view, though the beast itself was hid- den. The tail was curling and uncurling like a writhing reptile. I recoiled in fear and shrank against the wall lest the beast sense or see me. “But the winged terror was sleeping, its body hidden from my eyes by the curve of the walls, its tail lashing sharply from side to side as though watching for me to come out of my hiding place. “It dawned upon me suddenly that I had taken refuge right in the lair of the beast! But after a few moments of breathless sus- pense I decided that I was reasonably safe for the time. The creature could not, I realized, crawl down into the chasm from above and it was too far down to reach me with its tail which must have been at least seventy-five feet in length. The beast must have entered its lair by another entrance. But was I safe, I wondered? “The desert seemed as deathly quiet as a lifeless world. Not a sound stirred the. stifling air. Slowly and silently I picked my way along the shelf, glancing often into the abyss to keep an eye on that writhing tail. It seemed unaware that I was escap- ing.' The beast evidently slept during the day and prowled about only when evening came. “Finally after what seemed hours of tor- tuous stealth, I reached the highest point of the shelf and glanced over the table land. It seemed as deserted as the chasm, it was silent and ghastly. The asphalt surround- ing the abyss was beaten into a jagged field. The great tracks were everywhere. ' “A little pile of rags not far away held my gaze for a moment. With a start I recognized the trousers that had been worn by Crank. They had been of checkered weave, but now they were blood-stained and ragged. After devouring my partner, the beast must have later coughed up the cloth- ing. ' “It struck me then that the location of our precious claims had been lost in the destruc- tion of Bright. But seeing those ragged shreds of clothing spurred me to the grim realization that I had not yet escaped the possibility of a similar fate. Sick and afraid I crouched down for an instant’s rest. Sight of the stained garments completely un- nerved me. I glanced again to the bottom of the abyss. The writhing tail was still there, awakening me again to the fact that my life was still in terrible danger. “I pulled myself up from the shelf and entered upon the red streak of table-land. Without a pause I started due west away from the sun. I had a vague sense of direc- tion now and felt more secure in the day- light, for it seemed that the beast was about only at night. “More days of torture followed. The sun beat down upon me with the fire of hell. But I kept on toward San Bernardino, avoid- ing even Barstow in my haste to reach Gun- delfinger’s wife. I selected a short-cut through the blazing hills and with a leathery tongue in my mouth, and my body weighted down with many pounds of gold, I finally reached the town and went straight to the home of the woman. “There I was given water to drink and to wash the sand from my eyes. Then I told my terrible story to the woman and gave her half of my gold. I could see, as I related my sad tale, that she disbelieved me. Cer- tainly I had no witnesses or anything to substantiate my story and I would scarcely have believed it myself had it been told to me. “But she became more and more suspici- ous of my weird, astounding narrative and suddenly she accused me of murdering her husband and the others to gain possession of the mother lode for myself. “ ‘My dear woman,’ I told her frankly. ‘Had I murdered your husband and the others for possession of the claims, I would riot have come here to share my gold with you! No! I would have remained away forever!’ “ ‘You are trying to protect yourself by your actions of generosity!’ she snapped. ‘I know what you did, you cold-blooded killer! You all found the gold and you weren’t satisfied with a share, so you killed three men in cold blood for all of it!’ “ ‘But, my dear Mrs. Gundelfinger . . . . ’ I stuttered, appalled at her accusations. “‘You are a murderer!’ she blazed heat- edly. ‘Your silly story is really amusing 1180 WONDER STORIES but not convincing! You shall hang for your deed, and I shall laugh in your face as you die!’ “Such was my reward for my charity and generosity toward the woman and her hus- band. The hands that I had aided, the mouth I had fed had turned suddenly against me. Before I recovered my senses, she had called a man from the street and I was arrested. “I was charged with the murder of my three companions, and tortured by unscrup- ulous officers who sought to learn the loca- tion of the gold strike. But I could not tell them, for no man had ever been there be- fore and my sense of direction was totally gone. I would not have yielded even had I known where the strike lay. “My story was branded a lie. I was charged with the triple murder and lan- guished in prison waiting until the search- ing parties sent out, ostensibly to find the corpus delicti, but really to locate the gold mine, came back to report. “But public sentiment flamed against me, principally because I would not reveal to these hungry, greedy people the source of my wealth. “Finally on an agreement to tell where the strike was, I was spirited away from jail by a band of men. I even gave them a false map by which to locate the place shoufd anything happen to us. “It happened as I expected. They got me into the desert, and then one night abandon- ed me, leaving me water and food to last only a few days. What happened to them I never knew. Probably they perished, fol- lowing blindly the lure of the desert and the false clues I gave them. Perhaps they re- turned, realizing I had played them false, to hunt for me. “So, I escaped into the Valley, and here I have been. For years I have been a hunted dog. I have watched the Valley year by year becoming inhabited until I felt that soon there would be little place for me in which to hide. I have become like the coyote, hiding by day and prowling about by night, seeking always seeking for the mine .... “Now I am done out .... my friends,” he breathed heavily. “Let me have another generous drink from your canteen so that I can go on with ease. The nearest spring is forty miles from here and I can’t make it.” The dying narrator tipped the tin to his lips. His Adam’s apple bobbed up and down as the water trickled down his ancient throat. I studied him carefully during that moment and his gaunt, weather-worn face was pitiful to behold. And I suspected that that would be Jerome Ackerman’s last drink on earth. He waved a feeble hand at Dr. Frapin who held the canteen for him. His hands had grown suddenly weak and the container would have dropped to the ground but for Frapin’s alertness. “Let me repeat, friends,” he smiled a' ghost of a smile and squared his jaw firmly, “that I did not kill those three men. Nor will I hang for it! The same Invisible Pro- tector who saved my life on the table-land and who interfered with the hanging, is again stepping in. I will not hang, for I am at last a free man, for deatE releases us from all obligations in this life. “But before I go I’d like to learn where that beast come from. I’ve tried hard to figure it out and concluded that it had flown here from the moon. You men are scientists, can’t you enlighten me?” Dr. Frapin looked at the prone prospector for an instant and then nodded. “I think we can, partner,” he said with a shrug. “It is the theory of many scientists the world over that the earth on which we live is hollow. Marshall B. Gardner, in his papers, ‘A Journey Into The Earth’s Inter- ior,’ points out the possibility of life with- in the- earth, with the earth’s polar caps as possible entrances. Many of us believe that this is correct and your narrative tends, to some extent, to prove it .... ” “You believe me, then?” the prospector’s eyes flashed dully. “Of course,” Dr. Frapin patted his gnarl- ed, bloodless fist. “Then I can die in peace,” Ackerman wheezed. “But to go on,” continued Frapin, watch- ing the man‘s wrinkled face, “It is entirely possible that the great beast to Ijjfhich you FROM OUT OF THE EARTH 1181 refer, entered into Death Valley by earth- faults or fissures leading from subterranea or the earth’s interior. From your descrip- tion I can recognize no such a creature as ever having existed on the surface. It must therefore have come from within and was unable to return, probably because the fis- sure might have closed up behind it due to earth movements, thus making it a surface inhabitant by necessity. “I do not believe that there is anything to fear from it or from the creatures within its eggs as a menace to humanity. They have probably died out in the intervening years.” The old prospector emitted a weird groan. Across his withered visage flashed a sudden pallor. “I guess that’s all, gentlemen,” Frapin said in a whisper. “He’s gone . . , dead. We’ll bury him here.” “You—you believe his story, doctor?” I inquired, folding my shorthand record. The others in the party searched his face quizzically. Frapin eyed us solemnly. “I do!” he said emphatically. “From what I’ve heard from this man, he never told an untruth in his life. He strikes me as an honest man ... Now let us get busy. We’ve got to find that streak of red table-land.” But a month’s search availed us nothing, yet we live in hopes of locating it eventually. We are preparing now for a more extensive search, this time by airplane. But some day, some how, we believe we will find it, limit- less wealth, and close to it the bones of the terror that came from within the earth. When we do, we will bring them back to San Ber- nardino and present them to the city, as a memento of a tale that no one believed! THE END. FOR THE APRIL ISSUE we offer “An Adventure in Futurity” a new, masterful time travelling story by a master of words and situations Clark Ashton Smith Mr. Smith is aware of the heated controversy in our reader’s columns ever the possibility of time travel. He has his own view on this subject and he weaves them into a story of the far future that will sweep everyone away from this age and place them in an era that is truly different! Our popular team of authors Schachner and Zagat come to a new triumph in their story of another world and another dimension. In “The Emperor of the Stars” we have a combination of a dimensional and interplanetary story. Do other worlds exist all about us? Do they meet our world at a tangent in space, so that if we were to meet one of these tangents we would be whirled into another dimension? If we were would we have adventures unbelievable to ordinary prosaic man? Our authors give the answers to these questions in this unusual story. What causes us to evolve physically and mentally? What changed the original one-celled animals mto a million different species, each one still changing continually? What sort of being will man eventually evolve into? Will he be all brain and no body; will he have emo- tions, will he be warlike? Edmond Hamilton in “The Man Who Evolved” gives us a strange story of evolution with an ending that no one could guess. The last installment of “The Return From Jupiter” by Gawain Edwards is by far the best. A race is enslaved, suffers untold agonies; a world,	the earth is being made habitable; an old king suffers the tortures of the damned to see	his people beneath a foreign yoke. But many strange events are about to happen, in	this thrilling, fast moving story of the destinies of three worlds! AND OTHERS IN THE APRIL WONDER STORIES ON SALE MARCH 1 1182 WONDER STORIES The Synthetic Monster {Continued from. Page 1161) will keep the secret to myself. I could startle the world with what I now have done, confound my fellow scientists; but what I have done so far is nothing to what I shall do. The protoplasm must be grown into cells, the cells into flesh and blood, the flesh and blood into—Ha! that shall be my tri- umph, my justification, when I present them with man—man .... “September 10th. Failure .... fail- ure October (no. date). Hurrah! it is the re- fraction that does it, the refraction of—. I have made flesh! “October 2nd. Good God! the creatures I grow under the lamp. I am half afraid of them. If there is anything to the theory of a soul .... But that is religious super- stition. They are small and harmless. I try to fashion them into human shape. But they have no entrails, or hearts and lungs. Only a mouth and a sack for food. I don’t know. I dissect them, I cut them into pieces. I must find out what prevents them from growing into normal beings. I must .... “January 7th. I must be careful. The one I grew yesterday escaped into the hall. Edwards must have glimpsed it. He’s been talking about faces. Fortunately I caught it before he came upstairs. It is a hideous thing. I shall kill it tonight. “Entry (no day or date). Curious, cur- ious. It is not the same with animal flesh. Exposed to ordinary quartz rays the syn- thetic flesh turns back into protoplasm, into viscous jelly, runs away like oil. “January 9th. The creature made this afternoon escaped tonight and aroused Ed- wards. Luckily it is small .... “January 12th. Good God! it is grow- ing. Under the light I accidentally left on. I ought to kill it. But it fascinates me. The second one to have eyes. I have tied it for safety. It is horrible to watch it feed. “January 14th. The thing grows, it’s filling out. I feed it loaves of bread and raw meat. In a ghastly way it is becoming more hu- man, more manlike .... “January 15th. I am tired, tired. No sleep. Still the creature grows. I will keep it alive until Sunday and then I shall kill it. Yes, I shall kill it on Sunday. “January 16th. Day and night I have been watching. I am dead on my feet. But the thing is big enough. I have turned off the light. It is securely bound. Tonight I will sleep .... sleep . . . . ” That is the last entry into the diary. We know what happened later. Made careless from lack of sleep, Doctor Jacobs left his laboratory and forgot to latch the door be- hind him. Roused from his exhausted slum- ber by Mrs. Reynolds’ screams and my own cries, he rushed into the laboratory, bolted the door, and evidently snatched up a gleaming surgical knife and attempted to slay the creature he had created. But the creature had broken its bonds. Hungry, all but brainless, it turned on Doc- tor Jacobs in its ferocity and crushed him to death in its huge shapeless arms. Not, however, before he had slashed it into bloody ribbons with the surgeon’s knife. When the police finally crashed open the door and entered the private laboratory, it was to find the doctor dead and the hideous creature weak and dying on the floor. But horrible to relate, even in its dying moments, the synthetic monster was still actuated by blind, unreasoning hunger and trying to devour the doctor. Its loathsome, blubbering mouth had already ingested his liead to the shoulders ..... THE END. WONDER STORIES 1183 The Green Torture (Continued from Page 1167) Fifty Hours! THEN realization came, and he paused. He, Dr. Thorne, who had already been hailed as the savior of his country was now its betrayer. He, who had supervised the construction of the great broadcasting mach- ine which was to make helpless the enemies of his country, was now about to make it useless. His hand dropped from the button, and clenched by his side. Rather than do that he would cast himself upon those deadly prongs. And yet, even as the thought came to his mind, he knew that he could never approach the thing. His eyes fixed upon the green light and a horrible fear in his heart, he backed slowly away. •	• * ■-» ~ The man lay huddled in a corner, star- ing—fascinated by the point of green. It would get him now. Time after time he had forced his failing body into action. There had been periods of calm when he had paced slowly along the endiess wall until his feet were abraded and sore; there had been periods of madness when he had lurch- ed to right and left, bumping and bruising himself. But he had grown weak. He had eaten the food, and no more had come. For an interminable time he had fought off drowsiness. In spite of all his efforts his eyes would close. He had counted sixty times sixty, and had dozed—warned by a sixth sense he had awakened to a green light very near, had leaped up in terror, had rush- ed headlong against the unyielding wall, had sunk down helpless. It would get him now. The green light grew and grew. It be- came immense—all encompassing. The steady whirr grew louder and louder. With a piercing pain in his side, he was sinking —falling headlong into a great, green, roar- ing void—down—swiftly down . , . Sunlight on a white coverlet, bending fig- ures, and: “Feeling better, Doctor?” Thorne turned his head upon the pillow. He recognized the voice of Rand, his assist- ant; and strove to speak. “Please lie quietly. You are in a hospi- tal, and you are all right.” Thorne stirred uneasily. His body was very sore—especially one side. He wet his lips with his tongue. “Please don’t try to talk. I will tell you everything that happened. Because of your capture the attack was made ahead of sche- dule, and it was a glorious success. When— they recovered, they begged for peace at any terms. The war is over!” Thorne smiled weakly. He was very hap- py. There were other things he wanted to know, however. He opened his mouth, but the other continued. “Well, an air squadron was sent over right away because the first thing everybody wanted to do was to find you, if you were still alive; and I went along with them, of course. When we got there they took us to a big house, and in the cellar we found you. \ou were all rolled up in a corner, and right beside you was the strangest machine I have ever seen. Three prongs on the front of it had pierced your side. A sort of iron belt around your waist was all that kept it from killing you. But with that and the radio paralysis on top of it we thought you were surely gone, and I congratulate—” Thorne’s eyes were wide with wonder. “But the prongs—the poison?” he whisper- ed. “Poison? Nobody saw any poison. The prongs were painted green, but why anybody should want to paint them we couldn’t im- agine. Maybe—” Thorne closed his eyes, and sighed, then he laughed brokenly, triumphantly . . . “Of course he didn’t want to kill me,” he muttered, “the devil, the clever devil!” And nobody knew what he meant. THE END 1184 WONDER STORIES The World Without Name (Continued from Page 1101) the detective who had been sleeping in the chair by the door of Steinhilde’s laboratory standing over him with clenched fists. White stared at him dazedly and gingerly felt the bump on his throbbing head. “I said, where’s my gat!” The detective was obviously in a rage. “What kind of a shenanigan business is this, anyway?” White struggled to a sitting position and swayed there grinning feebly as he pulled something from his pocket. “I even saved the kitten,” he observed. “Steinhilde said it was unlucky. I say it was the luckiest thing that ever happened to us.” The detective spat wrathfully. White’s laugh was shaky. “You’re drunk!” accused the detective, shaking his fist. “Listen, you cheap bum, you get my gun back here pronto, or I’ll run you in!” Steinhilde, who was lying sprawled out nearby, struggled to his feet at the threat and pulled out his wallet. “Here, Officer,” he mumbled, extracting a fifty dollar note. “Take this and buy yourself a new gun. Forget about us.” The detective frowned and muttered, but finally accepted the money and moved away. He paused at the door. “How about them ashes in the ball?” he demanded. “Wood ashes from the torture fire to tell them when our set started to receive,” ex- plained Steinhilde wearily. The detective still hesitated, then opened the door. “I know one thing,” he declared in part- ing. “You birds better sober up and get at it now. One peep about any disturbance around here tonight, and you’ll find the wagon backin’ up to the door.” * * * Neither White nor Steinhilde paid any attention. They were wrapping Josef in an old blanket and started for the door with him. White had already phoned for a taxi. Outside, the storm was breaking. The clouds overhead had parted to reveal a bit of black velvet sky in which the planet Mars glowed as brilliantly as some rare, flawless jewel. Steinhilde shook his fist at it. “Curse and rave, you fiends!” he cried, swaying unsteadily. “Struggle for your lives, rot and die on your dying world! Send out your A AAOUK till Doomsday and be damned! Our set is destroyed. You’ll never get through here!” He collapsed suddenly beside Josef, while White dashed back to phone for an ambu- lance instead of a taxi. THE END The Return From Jupiter (Continued from Page 1091) ing the Pleidans to assemble. But the wo- man from Tellus was too quick. Her fol- lowers dashed in and swooped down among the space-craft from every side, slashing, cutting, thrusting. The Pleidan soldiers, bewildered by this return to hand-to-hand fighting, having no equipment or training for it, could do little but run among the attackers, or mill in groups of badly fright- ened men, surrounded by screaming, half- crazed women armed with kitchen knives. Into the thick of this fearful maelstrom of battle went Nina, her presence serving to spur the Neinans to even greater fury and valor. But Nina knew that the battle was not yet over, even though the Pleidian soldiers ap- peared unable to draw themselves together in fighting trim. With a small handful of militants she turned from the general melee and made her way as rapidly as possible to the space car that sheltered Salvarius Carde. THE RETURN FROM JUPITER 1185 He saw her coming, and with a shout or- dered the heavy iron door closed. The Nein- ians had almost reached him before the order could be obeyed, but when they ar- rived there was nothing left to do but beat helplessly against the tough metal of the ship and scream their defiance. It was while matters were thus that Sal- varius Carde sprung his trump. Skeleton crews had remained in all the fighting ships at the edges of the landing place. Quickly he ordered them to close up. Nina saw this move, and had a premoni- tion of disaster. In the middle of the square the Neinians were still struggling furiously. It was clear that if matters were left in their hands they would be victorious. But matters were not to remain so. Sud- denly there spurted from the sides of the fighting cars the same withering flame that had earlier attacked buildings and burned the very air at the sides of the landing field. This time, however, it was directed inward, against the melee of hand-to-hand fighters among the transports. Salvarious Carde had decided to destroy even his own soldiers and machines to reduce the Neinian mob. The flames leaped out, passed into the struggling crowd with a furious hissing sound. The air was suddenly filled with black smoke, the sickening smell of burning flesh. Nina, in precarious safety close by the flagship of Salvarius Carde, marveled that there was no crying out, no screams or groans of agony. It was as if the flames, coming so quickly, had seared into the throats of the victims the cries of pain or anger or reproach they might have uttered. An instant only the fire leaped out and covered the landing space. Then it was shut off, but Nina, after one glance, could not bear to look at the shambles it had left. Half a minute earlier the area had been full of struggling humans, the squat, awkward, cruel people of Pleida and the graceful, winged creatures of the satellite. Now it was like a square of fly-paper on which thousands of flies had given up their lives. Most of them were dead, curved by the flame into innumerable grotesque postures. Some still moved, uttering shrill cries, but they had lost all semblance to humanity; were like unearthly lizards, burned beyond recognition, unable themselves to compre- hend what had happened to them, what was happening, groping with stumps of hands, writhing in oceans of pain too great and deep to survive in. (To be Concluded) What Is Your Knowledge Of Science? Test Yourself B||	This	Questionnaire 1.	What is a proposed method of decending from space to a planet's surface in order to land? (Page	5.	What is the modern scientific con- ception of the nature of thought? (Page 1133) 1065)	6.	What was the process of evolution 2.	What is the name and orbital per- iod of the largest of Jupiter's satellites? (Page 1071)		of the amoeba to a more complex form of life? (Page 1137) 8.	What is “mass defect"? What is	7.	What is protoplasm? (Page 1161) Millikan’s belief about it? (Page 1080)	8.	Why do astronomers believe that there may be a planet closer to the 4.	What is the operation of a photo-	'«	sun than Mercury? (Page 1103) electric cell? (Page 1127) Science Questions and Answers THIS department 1b conducted for the benefit of readers who have pertinent queries on modern scientific facts. As space is limited we cannot undertake to answer more than three questions for each letter. The flood of correspondence received makes it Impractical, also, to print answers a* soon as we receive questions. However, questions of general interest will receive careful attention. ASSOCIATE SCIENCE EDITORS ASTRONOMY Professor Samuel G. Barton Flower Observatory.- University of Pennsylvania. Dr. Clyde Fisher, Ph.D., LL.D. Curator, The American Museum of Natural History. Professor Willem J. Luyten, Ph.D. Harvard College Observatory. ASTROPHYSICS Donald H. Menzel, Ph.D. Lick University, University of California. AVIATION Lt. Col. Williair A. Bevan, B.S., M.S., M.E. Air Corps Reserve, Professor Aer- onautical Engineering, Iowa State College. Professor fiarl D. Hay, B.S., M.S., M.E. Head IJepnrtment Mechanical and Industrial Engineering and Pro* fessor of Aeronautics, Univer- sity of Kansas. Professor George J. Higgins, B.S. Aero. Eng. Associate Professor Aeronautical Engineering, University of De- troit. Professor Felix W. Paw low ski, M. & E.E., M.S. Department of Aeronautical En- gineering, University of Michi- gan. Professor John B. Younger, B.S., M.S., Ph.D. Dept. Mechanical Engineering, University of California. BOTANY Professor Elmer G. Campbell Transylvania College. Professor Margaret Clay Ferguson, Ph.D. Wellesley College Professor C. E. Owens Oregon Agricultural College CHEMISTRY Professor Gerald Wendt Dean, School of Chemistry and Physics, Pennsylvania State College. ELECTRICITY Professor F. E. Austin Formerly of Dartmouth College. ENTOMOLOGY William M. Wheeler Dean, Bussey Institution for Re- search in Applied Biology, Har- vard University. MAT H EM ATI CS >r C. Irwin Palmer Profc Dean of Students, Armour Institute of Technology. Professor James Byrnie Shaw University of Illinois. Professor Waldo A. Tltswortb, S.BL Alfred University. MEDICINE Dr. David H. Keller Western State Hospital. Dr. PHYSICS AND RADIO Lee deForest, Ph.D., D.Sc. PHYSICS Professor A. L. Fitch University of Maine. PSYCHOLOGY Dr. Marjorie E. Babcock Acting Director, Psychological Clinic, University of Hawaii. ZOOLOGY Dr. Joseph G. Yosbioka Yale University. These nationally-known educators pass upon the scientific principles of all stories. this ray, he might not see the star at all. But due to the attraction of the sun, the ray is bent around the sun and it takes a new path as shown and reaches the observer’s eye. He sees the star therefore on a line prolonged, to what is marked as the "apparent position ” Seeing Stars Editor Science Questions and Answers: I have often been puzzled as to the explanation of what I have read in book* and newspapers statine that light waves are attracted by heavy bodies and consequently we see stars not where they really are	Einstein himself suggested such observations of but in different places. I understand that	‘‘*8 the position of stars near the limb of the iud, during been used in part as proof of Einstem s Relativity theories. Would you kindly explain if possible by a diagram. Ben W. Crarle, Beaumont, Texas position of stars near the limb of the sun, during solar eclipses. During the eclipse the star's light of course would be deflected by the sun, if Einstein were correct. Comparing this observed position with the position of the star in the absence of the sun, the deflection due to the sun might have been found. Objerwer (The following diagram is offered in explanation of the displacement of staTs body. Stars that are in part hidden by ■ear its limb, send their light rays in all direction and some of these rays as shown pass closo to the sun’s outer edge. Since the observer is on the earth in the position indicated he would not ordinarily see Showing how an observer set* a star near the sun's limb ap- pear in an unreal position in the skie»—from "Foundations of the Universe” by Luckiesh D Van Nostrand Co. part aa an % « heavy the sun or The results of a numbed of eclipse expeditions have proved beyond doubt that Einstein was correct and that such deflection of light by the Sun takes place. 7he deflection however is quite minute—the illustra- lion here exaggerates it hundredfold; and can be det- ected only by the best astronomical instrument*.— Editor) 1186 WONDER STORIES 1187J What it the Earth Made of? Editor, Science Questions and Answers: What is the earth made of? Which clement is pre- dominant? Is there more iron than aluminum in its core ? Kenneth F, Denver, Little Rock, Ark. (Most of tho ninety known elements are only found to a small extent; in fact 99% of those parts of the earth that can be examined (that is tho at- mosphere, the oceans, and the crust to a depth of a few miles) have been found to consist principally of twelve elements. The following table gives (he per- centages of the twelve most common elements as cal- culated by the American scientist, F. W. Clarke: Oxygen	50.02% Silicon	25.80 Aluminum 7.30 est power. Tho rocket is nothing more thnn a recoil device. Tho explosion of the fuel creates a mass of dense gases which tend to expand. They expand in every direction—they rush out of the exhaust and press against the wall of tho rocket’and so push it ahead. Tho best analogy is offered in tho case of a pistol, indicated in the illustration. Let the charge of powder and the bullet be the rocket fuel, and the pistol itself be the rocket. When the primer cap is struck the powder explodes and becomes a gas which exerts a tremendous pressure in every direction. It does two things, it pushes the bullet out of the gun and conversely it causes a recoil in the gun itself. So the pistol suspended in a vacuum will kick back, and if it were not held by the siring, it would move back- ward. This action, obviously is the same no matter if the air is the medium, or there is a total vacuum. —Editor.) Illustrating how a pistol shot off in a vacuum will kick back exhibit- ing the same recoil principle that is found in a rocket in vacuo. This experiment has been tried many times and always works— Courtesy Aviation Mechanics. Iron Calcium Sodium Potassium Magnesium Hydrogen Titanium Chlorine Carbon Thus oxygon atmosphere and common of all 4.18 3.22 2.36 2.88 2.08 0.95 0.43 0.20 0.18 which constitutes one fifth of the eight-ninths of water is the most terrestrial elements. In combination with silicon, the next most common element after oxygen it forms silicon dioxide or silica. This is the chief constitution of sand and quartz and also occurs in a large number of rocks and minerals. After sili- con the most common elements are not iron or car- bon as one would imagine, but aluminum which is found in many mineral substances, in felspar and clay. It is probable however that the center of the earth consists mainly of iron. The chief elements in living things are carbon, hydrogen, oxygen and nitro- gen.—Editor) The Rocket In Vacuo Editor, Science Question* and Answers: I have heard so much about the rocket being used in a vacuum. It is difficult to believe. Can you explain it in a simple yet convincing way? Peter A. Lovosik, 812 Center Street, Tarentum, Pa. (Experiments of Goddard and others have definitely proved not only that the rocket operates in a vacuum but that it develops in the ab ence of air, its great* The Planets Editor Science Questions and Answers: Would you be so kind as to answer the following questions in your “Science Questions and Answer* Department?” What is the period oti> revolution around the sun of tho planets in the solar system, what are their diameters and their total mass? Theso facts presented in a table would help me to grasp the dimensions of the solar system and the relative sizes of tho planets. Paul Bruel, 1217 A. Labelle, Montreal, Quebec, Can. (Tho following table is offered: Planet Period of Rev. Diameter	Mass (Days)	(Miles) (Earth—1) Mercury 88 3,030	0.034 Venus 225 7,700	0.810 Earth 365 7,918	1.000 Mars 687 4,230	0.106 Jupiter 4,338 86,500 313.31 Saturn 10,759 70,000	93.87 Uranus 30,686 31,500	14.57 Neptuno 60,188 34,800	17.24 Sun	.......... 865,000 328,160. Tho facts about Pluto are too indefinite to offer at present.—Editor) PISTOL MOVES.DUE TO KICK, EVEN IN A VACUUM j VACUUM IN thiB department we shall publish every month yonr opinions. After all, this is your magazine and it is edited for you. If wo fall down on the choice of our stories, or ii the editorial board slips up occasionally, it is up to you to voice your opin- ion. It make® no difference whether your letter is complimentary, critical, or whether it contains a good From Professor Shaw The following was received from Professor James B. Shaw of» the University of Illinois, one of our associate science editors, as a tribute to Robert H. Wilson, which we have forwarded to Mr. Wilson. We can approve Professor Shaw’s sentiments one hundred percent. Dear Mr. Wilson: I am writing just a note to express my pleasure in reading your artistic and suggestive story, “A Plight Into Time” in Wonder Stones for February. I am quite sure that the views you present are very sound and 1 think you have really had a vision of the future in essence if not in detail. Congratula- tions. James B. Shaw, University of Illinois, Champaign, 111. Sex and Life Editor, WONDER STORIES; I was interested in the letter from Mr. Donald Hcndrickson which appeared in your February num- ber. He is right—"sexual education without a sen- sual influence is what is needed.” The editorial comments are both sane and decent, unlike a con- siderable amount of “scientific” opinion on the sub- ject. I think the difficulty is not so much that a solution is hard to see but that we refuse to see it because of the ancient superstition that “we can have our cake and eat it too. ' The human race has gotten into a frame of mind where a place is given to the sexual instinct which is not accorded any other natural appetite. Everyone admits that hunger and thirst have a natural function necessary to the continuance of the race, as well as the continuance of the individual. All admit, at least theoretically, that indulgence in any of these appetites beyond the needs delineated by nature leads to degeneracy, clogging up of the faculties, ill-health, and an early death. On* the other hand, we have in sex a function which draws tremendously upon every vital force and has ramifi- cations and effects through the whole constitution of man beyond the exercise of any other instinct. Yet we never stop for a moment to take a lesson from nature as to what proper exercise may be; that habitual indulgence in sex is not intended by nature is sufficiently shown by the rarity of its use in the animal kingdom, and the fact that it follows certain natural seasons. In the human race its seasonal aspect has been completely destroyed by the use of memory, imagination, and anticipation. The char- acteristics of a natural and healthy appetite are that the desire rises only when necessary for the contin- uance of life, is intense while the necessity is un- fulfilled, and is completely absent from the con- sciousness at other times. We know perfectly well that this is the case with the appetite for food and drink, except where there is some abnormal perver- cion. If we cannot see from this plain and irrefutable reasoning that the state of consciousness of civilized man. In which sex is more or less ever-present and is constantly seeking new outlets and titivations, is abnormal, unnecessary and unhealthy—well then, lets try the simple experiment of remaining continent men- tally as well as physically for a few months and note the difference in quality and keenness of all our facul- ties as well as in our bodily health I The unreason- ing multitude is imbued with the idea that sex may be considered as an idle amusement for personal old-fashioned brick bat. All are equally welcome. All of your letters, as much as space will allow, will be published here for the benefit of all. Due to the large influx of mail, no communications to this de- partment are answered individually unless 25o in 6tamps to cover time and postage is remitted. gratification: under the shelter of matrimony in the case of the most conventional; but the attitude is basically the same for all. They verily take the stand that "the voice of the people is the voice of God,” and that morale are deter- mined by the prevailing ideal of the people. In that case the state of mind of the degenerate Romans in the days of the "vomitorium,” which was used to expel a recently acquired meal in order to enjoy eat- ing all over, was perfectly natural, justified, and in accordance with right thinking. Well, we know better. We know the terrible sequence of physical ills which follow upon gluttony. Civilized life has become a sex-vomitorium. I have no doubt that the Roman sybarites used exactly the same arguments to prove the hygienic quality of six or seven meals a day that our modern apostles of degeneracy use to “prove” the necessity of sexual relations ad lib. in order to maintain health. Of course anyone who engages in unrestrained imaginings must ultimately either succumb or find himself in the midst of a nervous breakdown; and the advocates of sensuality point to thiB as proof that frequent sex relations are necessary to health 1 Cer- tainly they can be made a necessity to health in the sense of the lesser two evils both unnecessarily created by ourselves. The whale race, due to the aforesaid misuse of mental powers to intensify an ap- etite and thereby to pervert it, has been sexually egenerating for many milleniums. Races fall as much by enervation and general slackness of mental, moral and spiritual fiber produced by sex license, as by any other cause. And then a new race has its pioneer period, during which life is too strenuous and too dangerous to leave the time or energy for mental or physical sensuality. Then sex life is comparatively pure; but when mater- ial prosperity is reached, the animalized reasoning power begins to get in its deadly work again, and we have the old cycle of degeneracy and destruction monotonously repeated. Every race meets the ‘‘sex problem” as we are meeting it, and every race is destroyed by it because when it attempts a solution at all it, is by the method of licentiousness in one form or another. What then is the real remedy ? It is implied in what I have said. Rigid selfccontrol and the direction of the personal energies into other channels except at intervals which ought to be progressively length- ened, instead of the reverse, as the race goes higher. Any such attempt of course is useless without the mental self-discipline which is the prerequisite to it. If the parents of today would attempt to set a proper example to the best of their powers, and at least hold up the ideal, successive generations would get further away from perversion and nearer to con- formity with nature. The craving for variety, which is the cause of present unhappy relationships between the sexes, would disappear, and the finer and spiritual side of marriage, which is a sealed book to most of our people, would become the rule and not the ex- ception. The cold truth is that nine-tenths of our people cannot see in a sex-restrained life anything but a dreary desert—so far have they fallen. They cannot see the far more splendid things in life which come with self-control and the corresponding enhancement of all powers. Hence they do not be- lieve in that side of life, and their dulled faculties cut themselves off from knowing it, so that there is a vicious circle indeed, a wheel rolling ever down- ward to the mire of irredeemable bestiality, which has engulfed every great nation, since the end of that (ConUnwd on Page 1189) WONDER STORIES 1189 period known in India as the Golden Age, 5000 years ago, when right practice and teaching prevailed. Scientific fiction has its faults and much of it is as yet painfully crude, but it remains almost the last island of decency in the midst of the sewer litera- ture of today. If you can do nothing else than keep it so, you will have rendered a service to the race by taking men’s minds off their curse and obsession. Love stories by all means, where the author has suf- ficient talent to blend their love motive with the scien- tific theme, -artistically and homogeneously. But love is not lust and cannot exist in toe unrestrained pres- ence of the latter, even though in reading most con- temporary literature, it is sadly evident that the words are synonymous to the authors. Victor A. Endersby, 1942 Canon Drive, Box 1185, R. I. Montrose, Gal. (This letter from one of our more mature authors, an engineer, highly educated and a profound thinker is recommended to our readers for their comments. We would be glad to hear other points of view pro and con with Mr. Endersby's. He is correct in say- ing that modern man believes that he is distinguished from the lower animals in that his sex life is not concentrated in mating seasons, but extends through- out the year. Mr. Endersby hints fhat this is a Sign of degeneracy. We believe his point of view is open to question.—Editor) In a Cold Sweat Editor, WONDER STORIES: While on a week-end visit to a friend I happened to pick up a copy of the November 1930 issue of WONDER STORIES. That week-end was a total io$s as far as my friend was concerned, but I had the time of my life. I read that number from cover to cover and then came up for breath only to yell for more. Mv friend grinned and said that it was a pretty hard job to find any old copies of WONDER STORIES around because they were read by so many in the family that they usually dropped to pieces by the time the next number was out. But he did manage to rake up the September issue and in that I found ‘In 20.000	A. D.r I note that you said that the Editors were thrilled when they first read this story. You couldn't have been any'more thrilled than I was. It was certainly a piece of wonderful writing, far different than any- thing I have ever read before. I have read Jules Verne and Wells and some stories of the future by Cummings and Farley. But those writers simply go ahead a few hundred years, a few steps farther in the development of things we already know about. Schachner and Zagat aren’t afraid_ to leap 20,000 years into the future and picture beings and civiliza- tion that only real dreamers eould imagine. Yet so vivid do they make their ideas that one doesn't question for a moment the reality of the thing. Gosh! I was ail in a cold sweat! I know one or two farmer boys just like Tom. I can just picture them going with open mouths in the country on tne other side of the space warp in the Vanishing Wood. I'm like Oliver Twist, I want more. I Bee in answer to a reader you tell that you are going to have a sequel. Reserve a copy of that issue for me. It must be a masterpiece. I want to thank you for the intense enjoyment from the two issues of your magazine that I read. Leon E. Fox, 8G5 Chapel St., New Haven, Conn. (The sequel to “In 20,000 A. D.” which appears in this issue, will probably be greeted by our readers as superior to the original story. Our authors seem to take hold of their readers in the first paragraph and refuse to release them until the last word is written. There is Teally no way of telling what the man of 20.000	A. I>. will be like. Certainly if we were to see our ancestor of 20,000 years ago we should hard- ly recognize him as belonging to homo sapiens. Yet the evolutionary changes that took place over the past 20.000	years will be small as compared with that (Continued on Pagt 1190) RCA INSTITUTES trains men in RADIO MEN who need radio training. .. who wish to know all about radio servicing, radio te- lephony and telegraphy and broadcasting, can quickly obtain this valuable knowledge through RCA Institutes and its famous Home Laboratory Training Course. Radio Instruction by America’s Oldest and Foremost Radio Training School You can study at home in your spare time or at any of the RCA Institutes resident schools throughout the country. Thorough and reliable training given you. As a student you also receive the complete RCA Institutes Laboratory Equip- ment. .. enabling you to easily solve radio proo- lems at home in your spare time. This is the rec- ognized way to speedily acquire the commercial knowledge and ability demanded in Radio today. Free Book for Ambitious Men Send for this free book___many pages of pic- tures and text giving full details about the Home Laboratory Training Course... the RCA Institutes Laboratory Equipment...RCA Institutes and the noted staff of instructors... that have helped thousands of men to make good in Radio. RCA Institutes, in*. RCA INSTITUTES, Inc., Dept. N.P. 3, 75 Varick St., New York, N. Y. Gentlemen: Please send me your biar FREE book which tells about the many opportuni- ties In Radio and about your famous laboratory method of radio instruction at home. Name__—-------- — — ——--------- Address-------------------------— Occupation. 1190 WONDER STORIES articles e-f t»Lf * »*** t i'° ^ (m- M. C-M<T -bring the latest news events before your eyes with the aid of TELEVISION NEWS Edited by Hugo Gernsback Editor of Wonder Stories TELEVISION—radio’s latest and greatest won- der is here—not tomorrow, not next year, but right NOW! TODAY 2? stations in the United States are broadcasting Television daily, and many European countries are so doing likewise. THESE ARE FACTS, NOT THEORY. The first issue contains a complete Television Course by the nationally known television au- thority, Mr. C. H. W. Nason. Written so sim- ple that many practical experiments can be ac- complished by the amateur. This course a so simplifies many of the interesting, and unusually fine articles that appear in this issue. On All Large Newsstands PARTIAL CONTENTS OF MARCH-APRIL ISSUE A Word on the Future of Television—What Shall We Do for Television Programs — Television images in Natural Colors—The Newest Television )evelopments—Television in the Theatre—Solv- ing Some Television Problems—Practical Televi- sion Hints—How to Build an A. C. Television Receiver—Television Question Box, and other latest topics. Special Offer—Void after March 1st— One Year—Two Dollars (Published on the 15th of every other month) Single Copy—fifty cents each. Television News 97C PARK PLACE	NEW YORK, N. Y. THE READER SPEAKS. (Continued from Page 1189) period in the future. The reason is this—that change is proportional to the change in environment. Our prehistoric ancestors lived in an environment that hardly changed at all in thousands of years, hence his evolution was quite slow. But in our world our environment changes practically every generation, hence evolution is probably working on us ten or a hundred times as swiftly. Since the changes of 20,- 000	years will be so vast, and the mind becomes dizzy at contemplating them, our authors are all tho more to be admired for daring and succeeding in their daring to present a picture of that far distant world.—Editor) From a Rural Minister In the December issue of WONDER STORIES, there was an author from Missouri, who stated that by the reading of WONDER Sl'ORlES, it had broad- ened his view of the universe and gave him a new theory of religion. You invited him to write again, and I looked for his letter in the January issue, but it was not in there, nor any other letter that per* tained to what he was talking about. It is to be wondered that more people do not cross swords with you because you are continually crossing their theology. Can it be possible that your magazine is not read by several ministers versed in the old school theology I May I say here, that I am a minister of 17 years standing and a graduate of theological school. I am working among people in the Ozarks. Very few of my congregation ever were in high school. Most of them quit school when in the fifth grade. There are no telephones, very few radios, very few news- papers, and no magazines. Needless to say that their religion is very personal and in the most cases so narrow that they exclude the whole world, except their own sect, from the benefits of a future life. It is any wonder I am starved for companionship? While I take 20 papers and magazines, yet they eaunot talk back. I should like to correspond with someone, who believes in both science and religion. I do not believe there is any contradiction between them, if both are understood. In fact I believe that science will solve many of the fondest dreams of the theolo- gian. Religion has dreamed of a Utopia where there is no evil, no criminals and all is good and lioly. It is only through science that this can come about. Reli- gion has dreamed of the resurrection of the dead, but science through tho use cf adrenalin has actually brought dead persons back to life. True they were only dead a few minutes, but it is a good beginning. I hope someone will write me even to Bending some brick-bats, for that might even keep me from men- tally sleeping between issues of WONDER Sl'ORlES. Roy T. Johnson R. F. D. No. 1 Harviell, Mo. (We are 6orry to hear that we have crossed the theology of any people. We do not intentionally an- tagonize any people or groups. We aim to present truth, to allow our readers to present their views of the vital questions of today and tomorrow, and in general to stimulate the mind to search out from tho miBtB of deception, illusion, superstition and narrow- ness those paths of existence that will promote their personal happiness. In connection with this, we can say that the second letter from Mr. Newton appeared in the February is- sue. Mr. Newton explained his personal religion and to this we offered the following. "Religion is a per- sonal matter that one can Bum up by saying, ‘If you know the truth of existence, if you have an under- standing of the world, and are freed from superstitiou and ignorance, then any religious faith that you em- brace no matter what its nature (even the lack of a faith) is the best thing for you.’ " This Btates quite definitely that we do not at all attempt to change anyone's religion. Both sides of the religion-science controversy, those who are die-hard atheists and those who are dif-hard theologians have attacked us stating that we favor the other side. That has given us new courage to believe that our point of view is sane and liberal. We can feel with our correspondent. It is unfor- tunate that such conditions do exist in our prosperous highly-developed country as Rev. Johnson pictures. WONDER THE READER SPEAKS We venture to state however that the publication of this letter will entirely remove Rev. Johnson from his intellectual isolation. We know that a great number of our readers will be happy to correspond with him. The best of luck, and let us hear from you again, Reverend.—Editor) Steering a Rocket Editor, WONDER STORIES: I	am an ardent reader of our magazine WONDER STORIES, also WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY and AVIATION UEOUAKlCS and have found WON- DER STORIES best of all. Your stories are coming In now, your February issue was great. Glad to see that a sequel to the “Rescue From Jupiter” is on the way, but I am puzzled over how you could turn a rocket ship in space. Could you help mo out on this f Below are the best stories since June. Excellent 1.	The Outpost on the Moon. 2.	Dust of Destruction. 8. The Synthetic Meu. 4.	Death From the Boas. 5.	The Satellite of Doom. 6.	The Struggle for Venus. 7.	From the Earth to the Moon. 8.	The Murders on the° Moonship. 9.	A Subterranean Adventure. 10.	The King of the Black Bowl. 11.	The Warlord of Venus. Good ‘ 1. The Time Valve. 2. The World Without. 8. Tho Sleening War. 4.	Lords of the Deep. 5.	The Invulnerable Scourge. 6.	The Time Annihilator. 7.	The House in the Clouds. 8.	Hornets of Space. 9.	A Flight Into Time. 10.	Tho Souless Entity. 11.	The Warlord of Venus. 12.	The Flaming Cloud. 13.	Marooned in Andromeda. 14.	The Lizard Men of Buh-Lo. 15.	The Empire in the Sky. 16.	The Man Who Laughs. 17.	The Radium Master. 18.	When the Moons Met. 19.	The Martian Revonge. Poor 1.	The Tragedy of Spider Island. (No science) 2.	The Air Plant Men. 3.	The End of Time. (You have too many Vime stories) 4.	The Great Transformation. 5.	The City on the Cloud. P. S. More Interplanetary stories. Walter Kohler. 44	Prospect Terraco, E.	Rutherford, N. J. (It is some time since we have printed a tally of readers' preferences of stories. The list seems quite Complete and inclusive. The turning of a rocket in space will have to be done quite gradually. Possibly, if the rocket is travelling at a speed of 5 miles per second, to ef- fectively change its direction will take hundreds of miles of maneuvering. One way to do it is to 6hut off some of the rockets that are firing. Thus if the rocket tubes are distributed over the rear of tho ship and it is desired to turn to the left, the rockets on the left will be shut off. Those on the right will continue firing and thus an unbalanced force will bo created on the right. This means is suggested because the firing will be done along the axis of the ship. But as stated such a turn will be very difficult inasmuch as there is no friction to sustain the ship on turning. The analogy is akin to a skater trying to make a sharp turn on ice where there Js little friction. In order to pivot he must have a point on which to maintain himself, and to halt at that point requires friction. If ice wore entirely frictionless turning at all would bo next to impossible.—Editor) (Continued on Page 1192) STORIES 1191 Radio Bargains! This month we are offering a great variety of battery sets at such ridiculously low prices that they cannot fail to astonish you. • These sets are so-called store demonstration models and are not sold as brand new. However, all sets have been tested and put into rood shape and we guarantee them to be in good working order. RADIOLA 25 SUPERHETERODYNE The “25” is a loop-operated set re- quiring 6 “X-199” tubes. No out- side aerial Is needed. The receiver has “10-kc” selectivity. Tuning of this receiver is accomplished through large "thumb-operated" tuning drums, 80 designed that stations may be “logged” directly on the drums. The small center knob controls a multiple-oontact switch which changes the circuit to include one or two stages of A. F.	A two-tone mahogany veneer cabinet of original pattern houses the chassis and batteries. Its over- all dimensions are 28x19x12 inches high. Shipping weight, 55 lbs. List Priee $265.09 YOUR SPECIAL PRICE____ __$10.95 WARE TYPE T. NEUTROOYNB This is the most economical in operation of all radio sets. The circuit is that of a REFLEXED NEUTRODYNE incorporating 3 UV-199 tubes. The mahogany cab- inet is 14 in. long and 18 in. deep. This design provides room for the “A” supply of 3 dry cells, 2 “B” and 1 "C” batery. There are 2 15-plate variable condensers. 2 neu- trouyne-type R.F. transformers, 2 A.F. transformers, rheostat, 2 jacks. R.F. choke, 2 tuning dials, shock- absorbing mounting for the 3 tubes. Shipping weight 16 lbs. List Price $65.00 *r Qe YOUR SPECIAL PRICE_________________#0.95 RADIOLA SUPERHET. AR-812 One of the most famous ra- dio sets in America. This set placed on a table, the battery switch turned to “on,” and music will be heard — without an outdoor antenna: it works —	. vifch a loop aerial built inside the cabinet. The set is super-sensitive and, in certain localities, it is possible, on the east coast, to hear west coast stations. The cabinet holds all the batteries for the six dry-cell” tubes required. Some experimenters tune in short wave stations and use the AR-812 as the INTERMEDIATE FREQUENCY AMPLIFIER. In that way the tremendous amplification obtainable from this receiver is used to the fullest extent. A push-pull switch (center) turns the set on and off; another, (lower left) cuts in either one or two stages of A.F. amplification. Although the cabinet is 35 inches long, 11	Mj <-eep and 11% high, the panel of the receiver is only 19 inches long and 9 inches high. The difference lies in the two end compartments for “A" and “B” batteries. Six type UV199 tubes are required for this receiver. Dry-cell power tubes, the type '20. may be used in this set if a Naald or similar adapter is used. Shipping weight 45 lbs. List Price is $220.00	A nr* YOUR SPECIAL PRICE________________$10.95 _ ,	^ HOW TO ORDER Send Money Order or Certified Check; if you send cash or U. S. stamps, be sure to register your letter. f Send for oar illustrated Radio BargainCataiogTI A postal brings It.____ Radio Trading Co. 25W West Broadway New York, N. Y. BONDER STORIES <9 ATLANTIC CITYS d NEWEST CENTRALLY LOCATED r IRE PROOF HOTEL C SOUTH CAROLINA AVF AT THE BOARDWALK $2.50, EUROPEAN PLAN 15.00, AMERICAN PLAN GARAGE ATTACHED WIRE ■PHONE ' WRITE R. fi LUDY M. D M RcQUlKcMC KING PICTURE WRITERS Advance Royalty Payments, New Talking-Pictnre Sons requirement*, etc., folly explained in oor Free imlroc- tive book. Writer* of Words orMuaic far song* hi sabmit their work for free examination and advice. Put ex- perience unnecessary. We revise^compete, arrange music and secure Copyright!. Oar modern method guarantee* approval. Write To day— Newcomer Associates. IG78-B Broadway, New York, N. I. RADIO ENCYCLOPEDIA A *f< Gold Mine; IOT)I8PENSABLE RADIO REF- ERENCE) BOOK — Contain* over 1,980 definitions — 649 photograph*, drawings, diagrams. All radio cir- cuits described and Illustrated. THE ONLY BOOK OF ITS KINDI Beau- tiful Keratol binding—stamped In gold—finely printed—size 9x12 Inches —168 pages—over 25.000 told. Spe- cial price. $2.00. Sent C.0.0. In U. 8.: Foreign and Canada, 92.33 caah with erder. Money back If not 8tl*faetery. 18 (COR PRESS. INC., •	Park PlMfc Uept A-331 New York. LONELY HEARTS ET os arrange a romantic eoireepon- »dence for yon. Meet yoor sweetheart thro the world’s foremost high-class social correspondence dob, a elub for re- fined lonely people. Members every- J CONFIDENTIAL, efficient and dignified ___ „w have made thouaand9 of lonely people happy, why not yonJ Write for FREE PartlCTilara. EVA MOORE, BOX 908. JACKSONVILLE. flA . I HAVE A SWEETHEART FOR YOU where Btrj JHE READER SPEAKS (Continued from Page 1191) A Vision of the Future Editor. WONDER STORIES: Please permit me to throw this little monkey wrench into the di&cueBion about time travelling. Let me state that I think that time travel is possible, though not for anything in the physical state. But here Is One experience: I was standing on the balcony of a midtown hotel in New York, contemplating the throng of traffic be- low me, when suddenly 1 felt the presence of a second personality inside my mind. A picture formed itself which transformed tho automobiles into bugs and a voice asked; "Are theyt’* I answered ‘‘No’ and en- visioned the inside of a car in my mind, forming pic- tures of the different parts and their functions. Then I asked: "Who are you!” Another picture formed itself. I flaw a wide coun- try with here and there a high spire and lots of small bungalows dotted through the park-like landscape. Now and then a big airship passed overhead. On my questioning how they worked, I was shown the inside of a ship. It was of all metal construction and as solid as a battleship. Passengers were in cabins and lounges as on a liner of today. Big cargo spaces were filled with grain and piece goods. The engine central was a small room in the centcr of the ship with a box on a inBuIated table in the center, surrounded by coils and bulbs. Inside that box was a cube of material around which a purple glow undulated. The navigating room -was simple— in the nose of the ship with wide windows add switch- boards between. One man was standing watch and he bad a easy job as everything was automatic. Lift and propulsion was from heavy plates in the hull. My guide tried to explain their action but I’m afraid it was a bit over my head. The lift plates for in- stance were on the topside of the ship and my guide explained that gravity was not a pull but a push and shielding from that push provided lift and propul- sion. It had something to do with lines in space. lie then took me to one of the big buildings, covering about ten acres and reaching more than 5000 feet in height with an astronomical observatory on top. But allow me to describe my guide. A man of seem- ing middle age, healthy and agile as a sleek cat, clad in a silk-like tunic and nothing else. We met some women, too, and they were dressed the same, only their form and bobbed hair distinguished them. In that building we went up an elevator and came out into a wide hall filled with cases and exhibits of which my guide seemed to be the guardian. It was an his- toric museum. He led me to a case of rifles and inquired the use of them. I explained and requested that the part showing the stamp on the barrel be cleaned. I point- ed to the year 1916, it was a German Mauser, and named the year 1928 as the present whereon he pointed *ut to me a card bearing the sign 1600-1700 B. F. and pointed out to me a card bearing the sign 16-12-4532. When I asked how he could travel m time I was shown a room in one of those bungalowB where my mentor’s body lay in deep sleep. We then went back to my time and I showed him phases of our life, our modes of transport and manufacture, our social life and customs, monetary systems, justice and government, international relations, wars and peace, the different creeds and religions, the geographic con- figuration of the continents, I	went to the public library and looked up a lot of reference works and nearly drove the attendants mad with my rapid-fire demands. One girl asked me why I wanted bo many different books and only looked at certain pictures. When I told her that was just it, she gave me a queer look but thought it bet- ter to humor me. In that manner I gave all the information I could to my guide and which by now I don’t doubt, fills a ponderous volume; as my men- tor was the typical professor. It was a crowded afternoon. I have put down here less than one-tenth of all I saw and experienced: and now it seems all a dream, but was reality itself whilst it lasted. I asked quite a lot about time travel and gathered that material things can not be transported through time as it is possible to put ma- terial things only through a fourth dimension where it is possible to go no farther than a hundred years. For greater distances one has to go through the lutn dimension, which is purely mentat WONDER STORIES 1193 THE READER SPEAKS One fact may be interesting. The Earth had picked up a second moon at that time. One of the asteroids had fallen into the net of gravity of our planet. His time of revolution was a little more than 2	days and in reverse direction to our present moon. Also there was intercourse with Venus as the only planet with human beings in the solar system. A humanity uncounted, miileniums older than our Earth humanity. There was also another race on Earth which was not human but equivalent in every way to man, though utterly different from mankind in its aims, makeup and development. I could not quite make them out as they were absolutely outside my experience. But I was told that there were many more Buch races in the universe, though in other dimensions. Time Traveller, New York, N. T. A GREAT ISSUE you to ill aay after you have read the WINTER 1931 WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY As usual we offer a full length interplanetary novel “THE SCARLET PLANET”* By Don H. Lemon of mystery, thrills, strange women and a civiliza- tion beyond man’s imagining on a strange world. “THE MARK OF THE METEOR” By Ray Cummings that peerless ace of science fiction, deals with the 6trange happenings in interplanetary space when lust, greed, heroism and danger are mixed. “THE MAN OF BRONZE” By A. L. Ficrst 8hows the scientist on his two sides, the creator and the destroyer. This is a mystery story par excel- lence. “THE HOUR THE CONQUEROR CAME*’ By Edsel Newton details a new horror that can come to mankind when terrible forces are released. “THE MARTIAN NEMESIS” By George B. Beattie that rising star on the horizon of science fiction, shows with unvarnished brutality the struggle of mere earth man against the gigantic powers of nature on an alien world, and the revenge of that nature. AND OTHERS IN THE WINTER 1931 WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY NOW ON ALL NEWS STANDS The Greatest Sin of all is total IGNORANCE Of the most important subject in the life of every man and woman—SEX. AWAY WITH FALSE MODESTY Let us face the facts of sex fearlessly and frankly, sincerely and scientifically. Let us tear the veil of shame and mystery from sex and build the future of the race on a new knowledge of all the facts of sex as they are laid bare in plain, daring but wholesome words, and frank pictures in the huge new library or Sex Knowledge. “MODERN EUGENICS’* SECRETS (Our correspondent has submitted hia name with this very interesting incident but wishes it withheld. We really think tnat he bad travelled in time, of course, in his imagination, and that his imagination is very active and intensely vivid. Naturally it is not leal time travelling for we have no way of know- ing that his vision of the future will be a reality. No doubt all imaginative people have been able to more or less a degree to project themselves into an- other world, perhaps a world in accordance with their innermost longings. That is our method of escaping from the torments and tribulations of present day exis- tence. Some people call thiB imagination, dope or an opiate, or akin tc drinking liquors. Perhaps, but who can condemn itf If it enriches one's life and makes the enduring of present troubles and disap- pointments possible, then it has served its purpose. We are very grateful to our correspondent for this lrank revelation of an unusual vision.—Editor) {Continued on Page 1194) Everything a Married Woman Should Know- How to hold a husband How to have perfect children How to preserve youth Warding off other women Keeping yourself attractive Why ‘ husbands tire of wives Dreadful diseases due to ignorance Diseases of women Babies and birth control Twilight sleep—easy childbirth How babies are conceivod Diseases of children Family health guide Change of life—hygiene Why children die young Inherited traits and diseases What will you tell your grow- ing girl? The mystery of twins Hundreds of valuable remedies Secrets for Men— Mistakes of early marriages Secret of fascination Joys or perfect mating How to make women lore you Bringing up healthy children Fevers and contagious diseases I Accidents and emergencies Hygiene in the home Limitation of offspring The sexual embrace Warning to young men Secrets of greater delight Dangerous diseases Secrets of sex attraction Hygienic precautions Anatomy and physiology The reproductive organs What every woman wants Education of the family Sex health and prevention Girls— Don’t Marry before you know all this— The dangers of Petting Bow to be a vamp How to manage the honey- moon What liberties to allow a lover Secrets of the wedding night Beauty diets and baths Do you know that— How to attract desirable men How to manage men Hew to know if he loves you How to acquire bodily grace and beauty How to beautify face, hands, hair, teeth and feet How to acquire charm How to dress attractively Intimate personal hygiene Bow to pick a husband IMPORTANT! This work will not be sold to minors. When ordering your book, state your a*el_ Grenpark Company 245 Greenwich St. Dept WS-331 New York, IT. T. Please Bend be “Hod* era Eugenics” SEALED My age is ..........1,1 P1*111 wrapper. I am sending you J2.98 In Name ..........accordance with your Address .......................*»wl81 P*icc offer. City and State. ..x........ 1194 WONDER STORIES TUBE JALE Regular PAR Vacuum Tubes — 100% replace- ment within three months provided they still light. X201A X226 _ Y227 _ Y224 _ X245 _ X280 _ X171A__ X112A__ X250 _ X210 _ UX199 UV199 UX120 WD11 WD12 $0.35 .40 .50 .75 .50 .75 .50 .50 1.25 1.25 .60 .65 .65 .75 .75 NO LESS THAN SIX TUBES SOLD AT ONE TIME 20% deposit required on all C. O. D. shipments. Tubes are positively sent within 24 hours. GRENPARK TOOL COMPANY Dept. W.S.-331 245 Greenwich St., New York City Become a Reporter/ Thousands of opportunities for young non to enter the Newspaper field. Fascinating work. You wrTll meet In- teresting people; interview celebrities. A famous New York reporter with twenty years of practical experience has written a whole course of Journalism and reporting in six easy lessons. He shows you the short-cut to success. He tells you what to do and what not to become a successful reporter. 8end today for ’PRACTICAL COURSE IN JOURNALISM" by Hcnrv John Brockmeyor of The New York Evening Post Just drop us a P#3tal Card—no nood to send money We will mall you the whole set of six books and you pay the Po3tman $3.00 plu3 a few ecnts for postage. No more to pay. Money absolutely refunded if not satisfied. PRESS GUILD, Inc. 16 Murry 8tmt	Dept. A-331	New York CATALOGUE Latest series Of OT.T> MASTERS book- Plates, reproducing antique woodcuts and engravings. Unique creations for boak-lover* ■Bwho appreciate the unusuaL Write for Illustrated catalogue and specimen, enclose 10 cents for- mailing charga. ISKOR PRESS. INC.. 19 Park Platt, Dept A-331 New Yerk. N. V. THE READER SPEAKS (Oontvnurd from Pagt 1193) Neither Hot Nor Cold Editor, TVOIDER STORIES: I have been a reader of WONDER STORIES since its inception and have derived more enjoyment and en- lightenment. from its perusal than from any other magazine in print. And the “Science Questions and Answers” Section of your magazine is the most inter- esting and instructive department of any magazine that I have ever read. However, I find myself distinctly in controversy with your most estimable Editor-in-Ohief, Mr. Hugo Gternsback, in regard to certain statements that he made that I will quote from his editorial. “Wonders of the Vacuum," published in the January 1931 issue. If my letter proves of general interest, I would like to have its contents and your answer published in this magazine- •» The following quotation is the one alluded to in the foregoing paragraph: “This idea is open to some controversy, for tho writers have left the terrific cold encountered in open space out of their calculations. It is my opinion that if you eject a human being without protection from a space flyer, he will not have sufficient time to ex- plode because he will probably be frozen solid instan- taneously.'* I disagree with the above opinion specifically in re- gard to the temperature of the absolute vacuum that is called space. And the following simple syllogism will illustrate my point: Any element or chemical substance iu the whole uni- verse is either hot or cold.	. A vacuum is the complete absence of any element or chemical substancc.	.	.... THEREFORE: A vacuum can be neither hot nor cold.	... , . Now, as to definitions, a vacuum, as defined in Webster’s Standard Dictionary, is space entirely de- void of matter. It seems, then, that if my premises are correct, my conclusion must be correct also. And from this conclusion I have come to believe that spaco flyers of the future will not have to insulate against the supposed absolute zero temperature of outer space, but that they will merely have to provide a means to keep their space ships from radiating heat that they already have. Otis A. Kittle, Attorney-at-Law 1824 North Jackson, Little Rock, Ark. (There is reallv no fundamental difference of opin' ion between the views expressed in the January edi- torial and those of our correspondent. The difference is one only of terminology. From a strictly literal point of view empty space can be neither hot nor cold, as Mr. KitUe states. But it is useful in practice to speak of space being cold, meaning that a body in space no matter how cold it is already will radiate heat away instead of reoeiving it, or maintaining its statna quo. That is, all bodies in space if they do not receive heat from any suns or planets, etc. will tend to become colder than they are. Thus space has a cooling in- fluence. A space flyer will of course lose heat continually by radiation, and as Mr. Kittle rightly states it will have to insulate itself against such loss. There is no doubt however that the outer shell of the ship away from the sun would ordinarily reach a temperature of almost absolute zero because it would radiate its heat away so quickly. It would not reach absolute zero because as it became colder and colder it would radiate more and more slowly and therefore it would in practice always retain some heat. Another angle of this question is presented when wo ask what absolute zero is. The answer is that it is an entire absence of heat. Since there is an entire ab- sence of heat in empty space—it may for the purposes in question be considered at absolute zero, and if the rate of radiation of a body were to be figured the tem- perature limits used would be between the temperature of the radiating body and absolute zero. This question is a very interesting one and we invite the comment Of our readers.—Editor) WONDER STORIES 1195 THE READER SPEAKS England and Science Fiction Editor WONDER STORIES: I wish to inform you of a movement recently started in Ilford, Ebb ex, Lngland by myself in cooperation with a fellow reader of your excellent publications, Mr L. A. Kippin, which will certainly interest you and all your readers especially the British ones, with whom we are anxious to get into contact. I have been an extraordinarily interested and in- tensely enthusiastic supporter of Bcience fiction since I first came into contact with your earlier publica- tions. However our new movement evolved out of a communication in Wonder Stobiks and we soon got together und developed thiDgs which we hope will be even further developed. Enclosed is a pull of our initial activities which I wrote for my paper. The Ilford Recorder. As I am a representative of this, we are at a distinct advantage as regards publicity. I hope you will give us your support. At present our meetings are confined to the readings of the earlier examples of American science fiction and dis- cussion upon it, but we want all English enthusiasts to support our movement and to organize similar circles in all districts so that a thriving national Eociety for the promotion of scientific literature will gradually be evolved. All readers whether regular or no if in sympathy with our cause are asked to communicate with me. May we consider you as a Patron ol our movement! Walter H. Gillings, Hon. Sec. Ilford Science Literary Cud© 123 Grove Green Road, Laytonstone, London, E. 11, England. Ab the result of a letter published in a recent issue of the “Recorder,” to which there was an immediate response, the inaugural meeting of the Ilford Science Literary Circle was held on Monday evening. The club has been formed in an attempt to bring together in Ilford all local residents in sympathy with the furtherance of scientific knowledge and who themselves possess a keen interest in the progress and especially the possibilities, of scientific achievement. Its object is "the promotion of scientific literature in Great Britain." Its members aim to popularize, locally at first, and then on a more ambitious scale, the reading of fiction into which is introduced, in an attractive manner, strict scientific fact and unlimited imagination.	_ “Unfortunately,” Baid Mr. W. H. Gillings, who, in co-operation with Mr. L. A. Kippcn, is the originator of the new movement, ‘’this type of literature has never been very popular in England, apart from the works of Jules Verne and Mr. H. G. Wells. Perhaps, however, this is because of the lack of suitable authors to furnish it, for when one has read all the available material of these two writers, the supply is practically exhausted. "But wo surmounted that difficulty some time ago. The Americans, with tljeir greater capacity for specu- lation, introduced it into their literature four years ago and now there are several thriving popular maga- zines which cater solely for the science fiction fan. “These circulate practically throughout the world and have many enthusiastic readers m England. We are always encountering sceptical people who seem to regard us as having peculiar and rather offensive literary tastes, but wo are all unanimous in that al- though our favourite type of story looks rather ex- travagant and fantastic at fir6t sight, there is nothing more entertaining, instructive and thought-provoking than is scientific fiction. ‘‘Their American periodicals, which, incidentally, are almost entirely devoid of the familiar Yankee slang, have evolved from humble beginnings, into a veritable feast of literature such as is unobtainable in British publications. “Altogether, some two hundred authors contribute to them, including many medical men, a well-known explorer and Beveral others prominent in the field of American science. Many ordinary bound volumes of this type of fiction are also published in the United States, in addition to the magazines, which are im- mensely popular there. (Continued on Page 1196) Over the Mountains from Los Angeles Thick of It! FIVE HUNDRED FIFTY-NINE MILES ovet ■ough mountainous country burning only ELEVEN GALLONS OF GASOLINE. Imagine more than FIFTY MILES TO THE GALLON. That is what the WHIRLWIND CARBURETING DEVICE does for D. R. Gilbert, enough of a saving oa just one trip to more than pay the cost of the Whirlwind. Ihe Whirlwind Saves Motorists Miiuoks Of Dollars Yearly Whirlwind users, reporting the results of their tests, are amazed at the results they are getting. Letters keep streaming into the office telling of mileages all the way from 22 to 59 miles on a gallon, re- sulting in a saving of from 25% to 50% in gas bills alone. Mark A. Estes writes, "1 was making 17 miles to the gallon on my Fontiac Coupe. Today, with the Whirlwind, I am making 35 5-10 ■uOes to the gallon.” P. P. Goerzen writes: “34-6-10 miles with the Whirlwind, or a gain «f 21 miles to the gallon." R. J. Tulp: "The Whirlwind Increased the mileage on our Ford truck from 12 to 26 miles to gallon and 25% in speed." Cat owners all over the world are saving money every day with the Whirlwind, besides having better operating motors. Think what this means on yo*r own car. Figure up your savings—enough lor a ta’dio—a bank account—added pleasures. Why let the Oil Com- panies profit by your waster Find out about this amazing little titvke that will pay for itself every few weeks. FITS ALL CARS In Just a few minutes the Whirlwind can be installed on any make «f car, truck or tractor. It’s actually less work than changing your oil. or putting water in your battery. No drilling, tapping o» changes of any kind necessary. It is guaranteed to work perfectly on any make of cat, truck or tractor, large or small, new model Of eld model. The more you drive the mure you will save. SALESMEN AND DISTRIBUTORS WANTED TO MAKE UP TO $100.00 a Week and More ~ Whirlwind men are making big profits supplying this fast selling device that car owners cannot afford to bo without. Good territory is still open. Free sample offer to workers. Full particulars sent on request. Just check the coupon. Cl\ IARANTFF No natter what kind of a car ^1	you have—no matter how big a gas eater it is—The Whirlwind will save you money. We absolutely guarantee that the W’hirlwind will more than save its f«ost in gasoline alone within thirty days, or the trial will cost you nothing. We Invite you to test It at our risk and expense. You are to be the sole judge. —	— — FREE OFFER COUPON — — — WHIRLWIND MFG. CO. 999-449 A Third St., Milwaukee, Wls. Gentlemen: You may send mo full particulars of your Whirlwind Carbureting device and tell me how I can get one free. This does not obligate me in any way whatever. Nam« ........................................................................ Address ................................................................... City ............................................................................ County.................................... State....................- < ) Check here If you are interested In full or part time salesmen position.___ |$5,000$y<J' ?RO*VES is not the actual photo of myself showing my superb physique and how the Ross Sys- tem has increased my own height to 6 ft. 3 3-4 inches- Hundreds of Testimonials. Clients up to 45	years old gain I to 6 in. In few weeks.	. No Appliances. No drugs. No dieting. First In 1907 Boss System Never Fails. Fee Ten Dol- First Today lars Complete. Convincing Testimony and Particular! 5 cent Btamp. 'Allow timo for return malls across tho Atlantic.” G. MALCOLM ROSS. Height Specialist, Scarborough, England (P. 0. Box 15). Jo Any Suit! [Double the life of your , coat and vest with correctly I matched panta, 100,000 patterns. Every pair hand tailored to your measure; DO "readymades." Our match sent FREE for 1 your O. K. before psnts are made. Fit guar- anteed.	■» Send piece of tloth or vest today.	\ SUPERIOR MATCH PANTS COMPANY . _> 115 So. Dear bora Street, Dept. 578 ChlcaflO 1196 WONDER STORIES CLASSIFIED ADVERTISEMENTS Advertisements in this section are inserted at the cost of ten cents per word for each insertion—name, initial and address each count as one word. Cash should ac- company all classified advertisements unless placed by a recognized advertising agency. No less than ten words are accepted. Ad- vertising for the April 1931 issue should be received not later than February 7th. DETECTIVES DETECTIVES Earn Big Money. Excellent oppor- tunity. Experience unnecessary. Particulars Free. Write, George Wagner, 2190-B Broadway, N. Y. FORMULAS MAKE AND SELL your own products. We will furnish you any formulas. Write for our litera- ture. Chemical Institute, 19S Park Place, New York, N. Y. HELP WANTED POSITIONS on Ocean Liners; Experience un- necessary. List of positions free. 292-G, Mt. Vernon, N. Y. PERSONAL LONESOME FOLKS! Dandy little ladies, de- sirable gentlemen, everywhere, will marry. Con- fidential, reliable. Particulars FREE. Mrs. Budd, Box 753-S, San Francisco, Calif. ESCAPE from your lonely existence. Valuable information free. Write today. Box 128-M, Tiffin, Ohio. SWEETHEARTS—do you want one? Are you lonely? Thousands everywhere awaiting your acquaintance. Sealed information FREE. Write today. Box 4707-iS, San Franciseo, Calif. PHOTOGRAPHY PHOTO-ENLARGEMENTS AT HALF-PRICE — 5 x 7—25c; 8 x 10—40c; 16 x 20—$1.50 Glossy or dull finish. Other sizes proportionate prices. Send negative. Stamps accepted. Send for circular. Charles, 210 Chestnut St., Camden, N. J. STAMPS BARGAIN! Stamp album, about 50 stamps, 100 hinges and one perforation gauge, 15c to approval applicants only. Arkay Stamp Co., 1040 East 232 Street, New York City. PATENTS—TRADE MARKS All cases submitted given personal attention by members of the firm. Information and booklet free. Patent Office & Federal Court Practice LANCASTER, ALLWINE & ROMMEL PATENT LAW OFFICES 475 Ouray Bldg., Washington, D. C. A nri71VTrrC Write for Free Guide Book, UA 1 Hill Ln “HOW TO OBTAIN A PAT- ENT” and Record of Invention Blank. Send model or sketch and description of your invention for our Free Opinion whether it comes within Patent Office Rules. RADIO and ELECTRICAL Cases a Specialty. Prompt, Efficient Service. PAYMENT OF FEES IN INSTALLMENTS VICTOR J. EVANS & CO.. 923 9th, Washington, D. C. THE READER SPEAKS (Contimied from Page> 1195) “What wo aim to do, however,” continued the speaker, “is to make scientific fiction popular on this side of- the Atlantic and create a sufficient demand for it that the English publishers may be induced t» pay more attention to its development. “An ambitious project, yet one that will merit soma success, we are sure, as soon as we start the ■bsll rolling.f We enthusiasts in Ilford intend to organize a series of scientific readings and discussions and to get others in different parts of the country to follow our example. Thus, we hope, will an interest in scientific fiction grow space, materially assisting tho progress of science itself by the advancement of scien- tific knowledge as concerns the average mau, and add ing to 4»is imagination, which, we all agree is a most valuable factor of human life.” The Circle, the “Recorder” is informed, still has room for some more members, whether or not they are familiar with scientific literature such as will be the chief subject of its activities. Especially weloomo are those who are desirous of something “different" to read. Modern scientific fiction offers everything that is novel and original in literature and, whether a reador is .inclined to take it seriously or no, it is at least “something new” to most people. It has been decided to hold meetings each week. (We believe that the English response to the science fiction movement now sweeping the world, and bogun in an auspicious way by the Editor of WONDER STORIES many years ago, is now arriving. England, the birthplace of H. G. Wells, is now ac- knowledging the meaning and the significance of science fiction and we oelieve that this movement begun by Mr. Gillings will spread rapidly. We want to accord it our enthusiastic support. Of late many splendid stories have been coming out of England, men like George B. Beattie and Ben- son Herbert carrying on the Wells tradition. With an ever-enlarging reader interest stimulated by the Liter- ary Circle, reaching each other through WONDER STORIES, and more and more Englishmen of talent turning to science fiction, we believe that old Eng- land will closely follow Amerioa in its devotiou to this new art. The Circle is invited to use our discussion columns as a means of spreading their good world throughout the United Kingdom and the British Em- pire as a whole.—Editor) Kill His G-G-G-G-Grandchildren Editor, WONDER STORIEfi: Interesting as the subject may be, our ability ts travel into the past or future with a time machine presents seemingly insurmountable scientific difficul- ties. I am excluding our present known time mach- ine (the telescope) as unworthy of consideration. Ploaso check my brief conclusions for possible errors. As we go through our daily life we throw off into infinity a succession of light reflections and sound vibrations, which for sake of argument we will say out- lives our earthly bodies and awaits detection by a time machine, fi is logical to assume that they travel at terrific speed and do not pile up within our own at- mosphere in layers like pancakes._ To catch up with these emanations one would require a machine capa- ble (!) of traveling at a far greater speed. Suppose somewhere out into space a time machine could oatoh up with these light and sound emanations of a certain historical time period, would it be possible to inter- rupt as it were, lives that and action that had already transpired—the force back of it having died? That which one would see and possibly hear would be but the empty images, and sound echoes of that which was, but is no more, only as an imprint on tide itself. To mingle with those of the past or future and take part in the life of that period would necessi- tate tho provision of time-space for introduction of the action therein, and make allowance for the resulting action of the visits. If one could go into the past and converse with those of the past, one could visit himself as a boy and Oh, boy how one could kick himself for the things ho shouldn’t have done. What a real ‘kick’ that woold I)© Or one could go into the future and kiss his g-g-g-g-grandchildren before they were born *nd wouldn't that tickle your g-g-g-ggr»ndd»agbtera mothers.	N. R. Spangle R. G Rowe Bldg., Elkhart, Ind. .WONDER STORIES 1197 (In his recent book, “The Mysterious Universe Sir James Jeans, one of the moKt conservative and influ- ential of present day scientists unconsciously lends his prestige to the possibility of time travelling. We do not create events, by which we measure time, nor in a real «ense do they happen to us, according to Jeans. We happen across events and thereby we measure time by the succession of events, such as the movement of the stars. But in a real sense, we are like the fly who moves 1wo-dimensioually across a painting. As he per- ceives the various parts of the painting, little by little, the fly may think that he has created that painting, but in reality we know that he is only “happening over various part of it. If the various parts of the painting are ‘’events” that occur to us, the analogy is complete.	. We see therefore that there is no order in which events must occur, they are rather a matter of chance or probability of what part we will ‘•happen” across, and that the future and the present exist together with the past. Our sense of time is merely: that which we have already experienced, we call the past; and what we have not yet seen we call the future, but they exist nevertheless. Mow if our two-dimensional fly s progress across the painting' were suddenly interrupted and we were to raise our wings and jump to another part of the painting we would have travelled in time. The subject is so vast and we are having so many of our fixed notions upset that the best we can do is to shake our heads and say, “almost anything is pos- sible!"—Editor) SSM0OKREVmWL-S THE MYSTERIOUS UNIVERSE by Sir James Jeans, 160 pages, illustrated. Size 6x8. Published by the Macmillan Company, New York. Price $2.25. This volume, a sequel, and in the plan of the author, an addition to his Universe Around Vs was written in order to provide some of the ground work for the construction of new philosophical theories about our universe that are in tho air. “There is a wide- spread conviction,” says Sir James in the Foreword, •	that the new teachings of astronomy and physics are destined to produce an immense change on our out- look on the universe as a whole, and on our views as to tho significance of human life. The question at issue is one for philosophic discussion but before the philosophers have a right to speak, science ought first to be asked to tell all she can as to ascertained facts and provisional hypotheses ...” To accomplish this task of science, the author in four chapters entitled “The Dying Sun”, “The New World of Modern 'Physics”, "Matter and Radiation", and “Relativity and the Ether” presents the most modern of our knowledge of our physical universe, and in the last chapter rightly entitled. “Into the Deep Waters” he sums up this knowledge into his own symbolic picture. It is not an easy book to read, nor are his conclu- sions simple to grasp. He believes that the world we live in and perceive has the same relatiou to reality as the shadows cast upon the wall by three dimension- al objects. In other words events that occur to us are probably only the projection on a three-dimensional screen of events in a world of higher dimensions. To that super world, we are as the earth worms are to us. Although through our feeble sense and feebler exper- ience it is almost impossible for us to grasp the uni- verse in. Its entirety, Jeans, to sum up, believes that the universe appears as though it were the work of a muster mathematician, a pure mathematician. MAN AND THE STARS by Harlan True Stetson. 220 pages, stiff cloth covers. Size 6x9. Illustrated. Published by Whittesley House, McGraw-Hill Book Company, New York. Price $2.50. As an eminent addition to the list of science books that are making astronotners of the man on the street, the present volume should find a worthy place. It (Continued on Page 1198) Ten Tools In One Send For Yours Today! Only $1.00 A SMALL but handy article which serves for every possible need of the all-around mechanic. Invaluable in any emer- gency. An excellent combination of utilities for the house- hold—every necessity fea- tured : hammer, knif e- sharpener, screw-driver, nail-puller, bottle-opener, can-opener, cork-screw, and weigh-scale. Just glance at the illus- tration and you will see how really useful this ar- ticle is. Only 10 in. high. Indispensable to autoists, campers, Boy Scouts, canoeists, picnickers, etc. Price $1.00 Postage Paid. Be the first in your town to own the “Ten Tools in One.” Send cou- pon with your name, ad- dress, city and state with one dollar. WS-331 GRENPARK TOOL COMPANY 245 Greenwich Street, New York, N. Y. Enclosed find $1.00 for which please send me prepaid your “Ten Tools in One.” City____________________State_______ TheMlNUETTE RAO 8 O&465 Complete withTubes fulset with na- tion-wide ranee and magnifi- cent tone qual- _ Ity. New utali FuT Speaker and finest component parts. More sensitive andselectlve than most “big" sets I Beautiful walnut cabinet. 9Mxl2H\20H in.—entirely self con- tained. For 60-60 cycle 110-120 volt A.C. currcnt. Regular 559.50 value. Order direct now at this special Introduc- tory prico $34.65 complete with tubes—nothing else to buy. Bend $5 with order—pay balance C.O.D. Satis- faction Guaranteed. Local Agents Wanted. SUPERADIO MANUFACTURING CO, Dept. 563, 2356 Byron Street CHICAGO MYSTERY CIGAR LIGHTER Something Different $25 A DAY MAKE UP TO Showing this Scientific Marrel to Men. Sew Principle of Igaitioo. What Make* It LiglitT No Flint or Friction. All Guaranteed. Sample with 8ales Plan. 25c Sample Gold, Silver or Chromium Plated, $1.00. Agent3, Write for Proposition. NEW METHOD MFG. CO. Desk SF-3 New Method Bldg., Bradford, Pa. 1198 WONDER STORIES BOOK REVIEWS (Continued from Page 1197) Homelike in service, appointments and lo- cation ♦ . . away from noise and congestion, yet but a few minutes from Times Square... garage facilities for tourists. Room and Bath from $3 single $4 double 500 Rooms Home folks will like this hotel 11!=== HOTEL ==iji BRETTON HALL BROADWAY at 86th ST. NEW YORK _ $~ALWAYSHAVE LUCKt-f theuld THE CONQUEST OF HAPPINESS by Berk rand Russell, 250 pages, stiff cloth cov-. ers. Size bVz x 8%. Published by Hor- ace Liveright, New York. Price $3.00, BIG illustrated Book with descriptions sent in plain wrapper for ten cents. BONAFIDE CO., Kansas City, Mo. MARRY! WONDER STORIES 1199 NEW 145 EAST ay^ ST. N«wYorh Cify SINGLE S'gCO UP rooms ' m m “SOUTH OF THE MASON-DIXON LINE” is but another way of saying “Hospitality” HOTEL LUDY South Carolina Avenue at the Boardwalk Atlantic City’s Newest Centrally Located Fireproof Hotel is South of the Mason-Dixon Line. Its rates are as pleasing as its hospitality. $5 up Daily American Plan $30 up Weekly; $2.50 jip Daily European Plan Fireproof Garage Attached R. B. LUDY, M. D. The HOTEL ATLANTIC CITY, N J GYMNASIUM SWIM Ml MO POOL1 SOCIAL ACTIVITIES SPACIOUS LOUNGES With. BATHtl— SPECIAL WEEKLY RATES SINGLE UP DOUBLE ? IS UP GEO.TtRKEC^MGR. per day NEW YORKS Smartest 7roo ROOM- CLUB HOTEL ■for Men- & Women. WONDER STORIES Amazingly Easy Winy to leant RADIO TELEVISION TALKING PICTURES Don’t spend your life slaving away in some dull, hopeless job* Don’t be satisfied to work for a mere $20 or $30 a week. Let me show you how to make Real Mo- ney in RADIO—the Fastest'Growing, Biggest Money-Making Game on Earth! Thousands of Jobs Open Paying $60, $70 to $200 a Week Jobs as Designer, Inspector and Tester paying $3,000 to $10,000 a year—as Radio Salesman and in Serv- ice and Installation Work, at $45 to $100 a week—as Operator or Manager of a Broadcasting Station, g^^dus\ISS^^A^^*SjfeoW4tfAT^E"f,"0rS<>"°,i team Without lessons in 60 Days { ByActual Wfok~Iii the Great Coyne Shops Yon learn ALL branches of Radio at Coyne—in	dio development! Learn Television at COYNE on 8 short, pleasant weeks—NOT BY CORRES-	the very latest, newest Television equipment. JPONDENCE, but by actual work on actual Radio,	~ -»s -- Television and Sound equipment. We don't waste	I flinlMg MrtCtUVCS it Gf Cflt S?i£i4l time on useless theory. We give you just the prac-	Talking Pictures, and Public Address Systems offer tical training you'll need—in 8 weeks’ time.	thousands of golden opportunities to the Trained nAAtrn * maama	Radio man. Here is a great new field of Radio NO BOOKS 00 NO LESSONS that has just started to growl Prepare NOW for wrk ture the greatest outlay of Radio, Television and Sound	COYNE IS 31 YEARS OLD equipment in any school—on scores of modern Ra-	Don t worry about a job! Coyne Training settles dio Receivers, huge broadcasting equipment, the	the job question for life. You get Free Employ- very latest Television apparatus, Talking Picture	ment .He,P 48 ,onS .as y°u ,ive- And if you need and Sound Reproduction equipment, Code Prac-	part-time work while at school to help pay ex- tice equipment, etc. You don't need advanced	I*11363 we’ll gladly help you get it. Coyne is 31 education or previous experience. We give you	years old! Coyne training is tested—proven beyond —right here in the Coyne Shops—all the actual	doubt. You can find out everything absolutely practice and experience you’ll need.	tree. Ju& Mail Coupon for My Big Free Book. TELEVISION is on the way I™»*•c- SSHS1"" mm""" *** ——m And now Television is on the way! Soon there'	I	fe.h°o1 be a demand for THOUSANDS of TELEVISION	! EXPERTS! The man who learns Television NOW	|	£3?HSdSSSofi?mSfkJS£ J^tfnSK can make a FORTUNE in this great new field.	■	any way. Get in on the ground-floor of this amazing new Ra-	| H.C.Lewis, Pres. Badio Division Pounded teas	I	Nme...................................................... COYNE ELECTRICAL SCHOOL ■ AJdrm... SOO S. Paulina Street Dept. 31-8H Chicago, III. City.................................State................. Get into	a Dignified Profession! Become a full-fledged chemist! Ill* •». J D -I -1 •. • I	THE IIKAD OK OUR STAKK IS DR.	do it too. Often enough you read or Unlimited lOSSlDllitlCS!	T. O'CONOR SI.OANE. scientist. en-	hear about men who have found the p . . \y/ I |	gineer and author of wide repute. He	road to fame, fortune, position, and the rascinatinq ^YOrk!	',as had "lore*than fifty years of teach-	highest recognition, from small, incon„-» . ^ .	ing experience. Our course lits you for	spicuous beginnings, and you wonder Immune*?	8,1 immediate position in a chemical lab-	how they got the '‘lucky break.” Why, IIIIIIIICII3« V/ppui IUIIKIC9.	oratory, and you do not have to give up	you wonder yearningly, couldn't you be what you are doing now to learn it.	such a "lucky” fellow? You can be— Pr»virtuc Fvn^rie»nro	During evenings and week-ends you can	but you have to meet luck half way. rrevious uxperifcnt,*	wQrk at ho|ne on lb(. fa,.cjnatjnB: Cxperi- Not Needed	ments and the delightfully simple but A wurri WcHa? Cs^dyREChDen^ry	?S?"ready yJ^mS	What These Students Rave through our simply prepared course	j]!!itheTeachS >"u	: Done You Call Do ! U \ ou don t need a higher education, and	rcceive ;s praeticai. You can actually	) ... ,,	'	] you don t need any previous experience	use this know]edge to makc money as	. Since I have been studying with { or preparation Chemistry is not harder	thousand? have donc before you.	f W school have been appointed i to understand than electricity or radio.	V chemist for the Scranton Coal Co., J just plain sense and ordinary observa-	More Money in Chemistry	} testing all the coal and ash by pr&xi- j ticn-powers.	’	»mate analysis.”—Morlais Louzens. ; I, i Fr»»	T"an ‘n Any Other Business	J ••/ also hat ■e some news for you. 3 Laboratory VjUtm rree	r,i,,,froTC ipr wvTT T>4rn	\r *«** been mad‘‘ assistant chemist \ THE COMPLETE CHEMICAL	CHEMISTS A R E WELL-PAID	ifor,he concern 1 am working for.” 3 OUTFIT and APPARATUS supplied	MEN. Not only will our training help	I	_A G Delwarte. • to von as oart of vour Course without	you to get a better job. but a worth-while	j	J extra charge makes you tlie owner of a	s,art ,,n a new level- Vou eat> Pa,e,lt the 7 .a"' "°W cleaner and dyer for ( extra cnarge. manes you me owner ui a	i. r hands and vour brain and	3 the above named company. My sal-* laboratory, containing all the materials	worx 01 \ our nanas ana } oh r Drain, anu	/	almost double ■what it was I H1.1 inctrnmenis used bv a full-fledued	perhaps make millions of dollars on a	• <"-v is ai most ao ume wnat k was £ ana instruments usea oy a iuii neog^u	chemical discoverv	J when I started the course.	• chemist, lhis working kit, which is	ne™ menucai discovery.	f	Lasater I .shipped to vou at the outset of the	. >'very day the_newspapers and maga-	*	"• i^saier. , course becomes your permanent proper-	z"^s are .full of news items reporting	i If it weren t for ycntr course I 1 tv It is a sturdy fitted wooden cabinet	new chemical discoveries--!!! mining, in	fc would n t have the job I ve got now. V containing over 100 pieces of laboratory	electricity, m food-	^	—George Daynes J apparatus and chemical supplies. With	stu, s’ 'V- .sa, ary	J "Since beginning your course oft these materials and equipment you will	a!. medicinal ap-	{ study I have rereived an increase / have in vour own home and always at	nhances. in paper-	. In my f,ay check, and as I progress I J, hand, a compact, complete working	making, r u b b e r,	[ my reork becomes lighter through a J chemist’s laboratory, which you will use	,ron:t dy.e'	\ better understanding.—M. G. Cole, i constantly not only in yoirr experiments	staffs, textile^ in during the course, Ink also in your after	m every well KKE SraSS’SSrf Get Started Today! We Can Teach You	IF YOU would uke to know A* Mnrno	■■■&] s 1 a n 1 s A„'Tr;:	MORE ABOUT CHEMISTRY, and it Mome	. , . .	you ar« sincere in your desir* t* get out Our faculty knows just how to mold	T. • Gonor Mtme who knew _how to	of ^ trMd.miU of job a„xiety and vou into a skiilfnl kboratory worker.	g • •> „r.‘,i	wage dependence, if you havo ambi- —— —---— ----I	opportunity!	^ enoUKh t0 want t0 become a ahem ' Chemical Institute of New York, Ine. 1	Wl pYaoo^ratpd CLims	ist, and perhaps a famous one some day, Home Extension Dlv*8'®" a	33	you will not wait until tomorrow to find l« Park Place, No* yopk, w.t. |	THE INSTITUTE DOES NOT	out bow to go about it. ; o.^saUm.Tn m Free n«.k I	CLAIM that every ehetnUt makes mil- MAIL the coupon at your \cit today. i •Opportimftles T»r ami fnM*	lio«s. aor do we g»ar-a«tce that you	There is no charge and no further r art leu!« s about Mm HxixriwM-nlal Equip!	will iwmedifltelv get a joh paying $10.-	obligatkm. You will be simply asking Iinent given to every s<mient. |	OOfl a year. But nanv have d«ne it,	us to wri*e you about something that |	and there is no reason why you can nat	you want to know of. | AmmEss* ...............................................................................CHEMICAL INSTITUTE OF NEW YORK, INC. . | wsa ......................... ^ " i	19 Park Place Dept. W.S.-3	New York, hi- :	* a [will train you at home to fill a £ ISM extra In * months "I find I made JUDO from January to May la lay spare time. My best week brought me 1107. I should have taken it Ionic ago.” HOYT MOORE R. R 3. Box 919, Indianapolis, Ind. lonii a Bio Radio Job hvill givcYoumy uov SOUTFITi t of RADIO I'ARTSfor a home Experiment]! Laboratory $xeo a week "My eamirfti in Radio are many limes greater than I ever expected they would be when I enrolled. They seidom fall imder $100 a r-eek." E. E. WINBOB E. 1414 W. 48th St.. Norfolk, Va. Jumped from |]( to f 100 a week "Before T entered Radio I was making $33 a week. Last week I earned $110 servicing and Belling Radios. I owe ray success to N. R. I ." J. A. VAUGHN 3710 S. Klngshlghway, St. Louis, Mo. If., you are earning a penny less than $5n a week, send for my book of information on the opportunities in Radio. It is free. Clip the_ VI1, ... , coupon NOW. Why he satisfied with $25. *30 2«? c£,Jiulld.,2TCT !2? cWf? •Tke^tn ZrV.Z 'fnTtt, r^‘n UlC Sh°rt Un,e *S^%h'0th^e!r- L.ikes to gtt ready for Radio.	cults used In Crosley. Atwater- B , ■	__ . - ■	Kent, Eveready, Majestic. Zen- KaOiO’S growth opening hundreds of 1th, and other popular »et*. $50* $7S| $100 a week Jobs every year	You learn how these sets In about ten years Radio has grown from mt?, them workT^is^makei SL,*2;1,100'0!?0 »to a f 1,000.000.000 industry. Over learning at home easy, fasol- soo.doo jobs nave been created. Hundreds morenating, practical, are being opened every year by its continued growth. Men and young men with the right Back view of 5 tube training—the kind of training I give you—areScrew> Qrfcl A. C. set- needed continually.	onl* ono Of many cir- cuit* you can build. You hate many fobs to choose from Broadcasting stations use engineers, oper- ators, station managers and pay $1,800 to 15.000 a year. Manufacturers continuaJly need testers, inspectors, foremen, engineers, service men, buy- ers, for jobs paying up to $15,000 a year. Ship- ping companies use hundreds of Radio opera- tors, give them world wide travel at practically no expense and a salary of $85 to $200 a month. Dealers and jobbers employ service men, sales- men, buyers, managers, and pay {30 to flOO a week. There are many other opportunities too. 8o many opportunities many N, R. L men make IS to las a week extra while learning The day you enroll with me I’ll $how you now to do 10 jobs, common in most every neigh- borhood, for spare time money. Throughout your course I send you information on servic- ing popular makes of sets; I give you the plan* and ideas that are making $200 to $1,000 for hundreds of N. R. L students in their spare time while studying. Talking Movies, Television, Wired Radio are also Included Radio principles as used in Talking	-	• n Movies, Television and home Television	kittt/,, RIGGER experiments. Wired Radio. Radio’s use in	V* Aviation, are all given. I am so sure that 5? Radio	/“ * I can train you satisfactorily that I willJs NaoHs agree in writing to refund every penny^^T,™. of your tuition if you are not satisfied with my Lessons and Instruction Service ,%,Men oJT upon completing. 04-page book of Information FREE „ ,.Get your .copy today. It tells you where Kamos good jobs are. what they pay, tells you about my course, what others who have taken It are doing and making. Find out what Radio NOW y°U’ Wlth0ut the ^jghtest obligation. ACT J. E. SMITH, President National Radio Institute Dept. ICZ3 • ■ Washington. D. C.	! Address I am doubling and t>i|>imgthc salaries of many mone year and less Find out about, this quick way to m Wo FILL OUT AND MAIL THIS coupo ]00A' 1. E. SJfTTH, President. National Radio Institute, PepL ICZ3 Washington, D. C. T>ear Mr. Smith: Send mo your book. This request dues not obligate me. Name Lifetime Employmenttervice to allQmduates.