A TRIP TO THE CENTER OF THE EARTH 215 Look around you, my dear Harry. No botanist ever before gazed on such a sight!" My uncle's enthusiasm, usually a little more than was required, was now excusable. "You are right, uncle," I remarked. "Providence appears to have designed the preservation in this vast and mysteri- ous hot-house of antediluvian plants, to prove the sagacity of learned men in figuring them so mar- velously on paper." "Well said, my boy--very well said; it is indeed a mighty hot-house;--but you would also be within the bounds of reason and common sense, if you also added--a vast menagerie." I looked rather anxiously around. If the animals were as exaggerated as the plants, the matter would certainly be serious. "A menagerie?" "Doubtless. Look at the dust we are treading under foot--behold the bones with which the whole soil of the seashore is covered-" "Bones," I replied, "yes, certainly, the bones of antediluvian animals." I stooped down as I spoke, and picked up one or two singular remains, relics of a by-gone age. It was easy to give a name to these gigantic bones, in some instances as big as trunks of trees. "Here is, clearly, the lower jaw-bone of a masto- don," I cried, almost as warmly and enthusiastically as my uncle, "here are the molars of the dinothe- rium; here is a leg-bone which belonged to the megatherium. You are right, uncle, it is indeed a menagerie; for the mighty animals to which these bones once belonged, have lived and died on the shores of this subterranean sea, under the shadow of these plants. Look, yonder are whole skeletons --and yet-" "And yet, nephew?" said my uncle, noticing that I suddenly came to a full stop. "I do not understand the presence of such beasts in granite caverns, however vast and prodigious," was my reply. "Why not?" said my uncle, with very much of his old professional impatience. "Because it is well known that animal life only existed on earth during the second period, when the sedimentary soil was formed by the alluviums, and thus replaced the hot and burning rocks of the primitive age." "I have listened to you earnestly and with pa- tience, Harry, and I have a simple and clear answer to your objections: and that is, that this itself is a sedimentai'y soil." "How can that be at such enormous depth from the surface of the earth?" "The fact can be explained both simply and geolo- gically. At a certain period, the earth consisted only of an elastic crust, liable to alternative up- ward and downward movements in virtue of the law of attraction. It is very probable that many a landslip took place in those days, and that large portions of sedimentary soil were cast into huge and mighty chasms." "Quite possible," I dryly remarked. "But, uncle, if these antediluvian animals formerly lived in these subterranean regions, what more likely than that one of these huge monsters may at this moment be concealed behind one of yonder mighty rocks." As I spoke, I looked keenly around, examining with care every point of the horizon; but nothing alive appeared to exist on these deserted shores. I now felt rather fatigued, and told my uncle so. The walk and excitement were too much for me in my weak state. I therefore seated myself at the end of a promontory, at the foot of which the waves broke in incessant swells. I looked around a bay formed by projections of vast granite rocks. At the extreme end was a little port protected by huge pyramids of stones. A brig and three or four schooners might have lain there with perfect ease. So natural did it seem, that every minute my imagi- nation induced me to expect a vessel coming out under all sail and making for the open sea under the influence of a warm southerly breeze. But the fantastic illusion never lasted more than a minute. We were the only living creatures in this subterranean world! During certain periods there was an utter cessa- tion of wind, when a silence deeper, more terrible than the silence of the desert fell upon these soli- tary and arid rocks--and seemed to hang like a leaden weight upon the waters of this singular ocean. I sought, amid the awful stillness, to pene- trate through the distant fog, to tear down the veil which concealed the mysterious distance. What unspoken words were murmured by my trembling lips--what questions did I wish to ask and did not! Where did this sea end--to what did it lead ? Should we ever be able to examine its distant shores? But my uncle had no doubts about the matter. He was convinced that our enterprise would in the end be successful. For my part, I was in a state of painful indecision--I desired to embark on the journey and to succeed, and still I feared the result. After we had passed an hour or more in silent contemplation of the wondrous spectacle, we rose and went down towards the bank on our way to the grotto, which I was not sorry to gain. After a slight repast, I sought refuge in slumber, and at length, after many and tedious struggles, sleep came over my weary eyes. CHAPTER XXVIII Launching the Raft ON the morning of the next day, to my great surprise, I awoke completely restored. I thought a bath would be delightful after my long illness and sufferings. So, soon after ris- ing, I went and plunged into the waters of this new Mediterranean. The bath was cool, fresh and in- vigorating. I came back to breakfast with an excellent appe- tite. Hans, our worthy guide, thoroughly under- stood how to cook such eatables as we were able to provide; he had both fire and water at discre- tion, so that he was enabled slightly to vary the weary monotony of our ordinary repast. Our morn- ing meal was like a capital English breakfast, with coffee by way of a wind-up. And never had this delicious beverage been so welcome and refreshing. My uncle had sufficient regard for my state of health not to interrupt me in the enjoyment of the meal, but he was evidently delighted when I had finished. "Now then," said he, "come with me. It is the height of the tide, and I am anxious to study its curious phenomena." 