THE RUNAWAY SKYSCRAPER 261 no food to be had somehow increased the desire for it. They were really in a pitiful state. Van Deventer spoke encouragingly, and then asked for volunteers for immediate work. There was hardly any response. Every one seemed sunk in despondency. Arthur then began to talk straight from the shoulder and succeeded in rousing them a little, but every one was still rather too frightened to realize that work could help at all. In desperation the dozen or so men who had gath- ered in Van Deventer's office went about among the gathering and simply selected men at random, ordering them to follow and begin work. This began to awaken the crowd, but they wakened to fear rather than resolution. They were city-bred, and unaccustomd to face the unusual or the alarming. Arthur noted the new restlessness, but attributed it to growing uneasiness rather than selfish panic. He was rather pleased that they were outgrowing their apathy. When the meeting had come to an end he felt satisfied that by morning the latent resolu- tion among the people would have crystallized and they would be ready to work earnestly and intelli- gently on whatever tasks they were directed to undertake. He returned to the ground floor of the building feeling much more hopeful than before. Two thou- sand people all earnestly working for one end are hard to down even when faced with such a task as confronted the inhabitants of the runaway sky- scraper. Even if they were never able to return to modern times they would still be able to form a community that might do much to hasten the devel- opment of civilization in other parts of the world. His hope received a rude shock when he reached the great hallway on the lower floor. There was a fruit and confectionery stand here, and as Arthur arrived at the spot, he saw a surging mass of men about it. The keeper of the stand looked fright- ened, but was selling off his stock as fast as he could make change. Arthur forced his way to the counter. "Here," he said sharply to the keeper of the stand, "stop selling this stuff. It's got to be held until we can dole it out where it's needed." "I--I can't help myself," the keeper said. "They're takin' it anyway." "Get back there," Arthur cried to the crowd. "Do you call this decent, trying to get more than your share of this stuff? You'll get your portion to- morrow. It is going to be divided up." "Go to hell!" some one panted. "You c'n starve if you want to, but I'm goin' to look out f'r myself." The men were not really .starving, but had been put into a panic by the plain speeches of Arthur and his helpers, and were seizing what edibles they could lay hands upon in preparation for the hunger they had been warned to expect. Arthur pushed against the mob, trying to thrust them away from the counter, but his very effort intensified their panic. There was a quick, surge and a crash. The glass front of the show-case broke in. In a flash of rage Arthur struck out viciously. The crowd paid not the slightest attention to him, however. Every man was too panic-stricken, and too intent on getting some of this food before it was all gone to bother with him. Arthur was simply crushed back by the bodies of the forty or fifty men. In a moment he found him- self alone amid the wreckage of the stand, with the keeper wringing his hands over the remnants of his goods. Van Deventer ran down the stairs. "What's the matter?" he demanded as he saw Arthur nursing a bleeding hand cut on the broken glass of the show-case. "Bolsheviki!" answered Arthur with a grim smile. "We woke up some of the crowd too suc- cessfully. They got panic-stricken and started to buy out this stuff here. I tried to stop them, and you see what happened. We'd better look to the restaurant, though I doubt if they'll try anything else just now." He followed Van Deventer up to the restaurant floor. There were picked men before the door, but just as Arthur and the bank president appeared two or three white-faced men went up to the guards and started low-voiced conversations. Arthur reached the spot in time to forestall bribery. Arthur collared one man, Van'Deventer another, and in a moment the two were sent reeling down the hallway. "Some fools have got panic-stricken!" Van De- venter explained to the men before the doors in a casual voice, though he was breathing heavily from the unaccustomed exertion. "They've smashed up the fruitstand on the ground floor and stolen the contents. It's nothing but blue funk! Only, if any of them start to gather around here, hit them first and talk it over afterward. You'll do that?" "We will!" the men said heartily. "Shall we use our guns?" asked another hopefully. Van Deventer grinned. "No," he replied, "we haven't any excuse for that yet. But you might shoot at the ceiling, if they get excited. They're just frightened!" He took Arthur's arm, and the two walked toward the stairway again. "Chamberlain," he said happily, "tell me why I've never had as much fun as this before!" Arthur smiled a bit wearily. "I'm glad you're enjoying yourself!" he said. "I'm not. I'm going outside and walk around. I want to see if any cracks have appeared in the earth anywhere. It's dark, and I'll borrow a lantern down in the fire-room, but I want to find out if there are any more developments in the condition of the building." Theorizing On the Strange Occurence DESPITE his preoccupation with his errand, which was to find if there were other signs of the continued activity of the strange forces that had lowered the tower through the Fourth Dimension into the dim and unrecorded years of aboriginal America, Arthur could not es- cape the fascination of the sight that met his eyes. A bright moon shone overhead and silvered the white sides of the tower, while the brightly-lighted windows of the offices within glittered like jewels set into the shining shaft. From his position on the ground he looked into the dimness of the forest on all side3. Black ob- scurity had gathered beneath the dark masses of moonlit foliage. The tiny birch-bark tepees of the now deserted Indian village glowed palely. Above, 