THE MALIGNANT ENTITY 275 "Certainly," she replied, rising, "in Father's study if you wish." They entered the study, which was directly off the living room, and closed the door. They must have been gone about a half hour, but it seemed like two hours to me as, fidgeting inwardly, I listened to Mrs. Harms' family history, her account of the death of her beloved husband, and minute descrip- tions of six operations she had undergone, each time, to use her own expression, "standing at the entrance of death's door." She assured me, also, that she knew what it was to have death in the. home. The Grim Reaper had visited her family a score of times, she averred, and only three weeks before, one of her roomers had been found dead in bed. She prattled on with scarce a pause until the door of the study opened. I was glad when she went upstairs with Miss Townsend and left Dr. Dorp and me together. "Come into the study," he said. "I have learned Some interesting things, and it is possible that more awaits us in here." Professor Townsend's study was neither large nor pretentious. It was obviously the retreat of a profound student as attested by the book-lined walls, many of the volumes of which were worn with much handling. The furniture consisted of a large, roll-top desk, a smaller typewriter desk on which stood a hooded machine, a filing cabinet, two office chairs and three comfortable overstuffed chairs, one beside the window, the other two placed conveniently under wall lights for reading. A thick pile of typewritten manuscripts lay on the roll-top desk. The doctor divided them, handing me half and settling himself comfortably in one of the overstuffed chairs with the other half. "Miss Townsend kindly brought these out of the files for me," explained the doctor. "I think it possible that they may shed some light on the mys- terious cause of the death of their author. We can save time dividing the work." "I believe I can conduct a more Intelligent search if' you will give me some idea of what I am to look for," I said. "Quite so," he agreed. "I had forgotten for the moment that you were not familiar with the details of my interview with Miss Townsend. Let me re- view it briefly. "She finished school nearly a year ago, and since that time has been acting as her father's secretary, typing his manuscripts and attending to much of his voluminous correspondence. "He had been working day and night in his effort to prove his theory that a living organism can be created from inorganic matter. During their months of close association she found him extremely irritable until one morning about three weeks ago. It appeared that his very nature had changed over night and she assumed that he had made some im- portant discovery. She remembers the exact date owing to the fact that Mrs. Harms' roomer was found dead in bed on the night of the supposed dis- covery. This roomer, who was living under an alias, was found to be a notorious character known as Immune Benny, and is alleged to have committed numerous crimes, among which were several re- volting murders, without ever having been con- victed. "After that night the professor's jubilant atti- tude kept up until death. He paid no attention to his correspondence or manuscripts and spent the greater part of his time in his laboratory, presum- ably experimenting with numerous live animals which he had delivered each day. His first experi- ments, she stated, were with mice, rats and guinea pigs. He next used cats, rabbits and small dogs, then larger dogs until, on the day before his death he had two huge mastiffs brought to the house and took them into the laboratory. None of the animals taken behind the door ever reappeared, and she quite naturally assumed that they had been the subjects of vivisection. My theory, is that he--" The doctor was interrupted by a loud rap at the study door. He rose and opened it, revealing a sturdy uniformed policeman. A frightened house- maid peered around his huge bulk. The man seemed greatly perturbed. His voice shook as he asked-- "Where's Rooney?" "He's on guard in the laboratory," replied the doctor. "Are you the man sent to relieve him?" "I'm Officer Burke. The maid, here, showed me to the laboratory, but Rooney ain't there. It's a horrible place. Don't blame him for leavin'." "Yes. That skeleton on the floor isn't exactly pretty." "That skeleton? You mean them skeletons. There was two of them, and one was dressed in a cop's uniform!" With an exclamation of surprise and horror, the doctor threw down the manuscripts he was holding and rushed for the stairway. I followed breath- lessly. A Strange Diary WHAT we saw in that awful room of death confirmed our wildest fears. A skeleton, with the bones whitened like those of the professor, lay on the floor facing the doorway. One bony arm was stretched across the threshold as if its owner had been attempting to drag himself from the room when struck down. A blue uniform bagged loosely over the bones, and on the feet were the heavy, hobnailed, square-toed shoes I ' had no- ticed on Rooney's feet some time before. The doctor squinted at the star on the breast of the recumbent figure. Then he turned to Officer Burke who had come up behind us. "What was Rooney's number ?" he asked. "942." "Then this is Rooney's uniform and it probably is his skeleton. 'Call up the chief and tell him whafc' happened. This is horrible--diabolical!" "Your theory," I said, "does this shed any light on it?" "On the contrary," he replied, "It makes the case more baffling than ever. It seems incredible that such things can really happen. I tell you, Evans, there is some mysterious force at work here-- something new and unheard of in the annals of scientific research. It is my opinion that the late Professor Townsend chanced upon some force hitherto unknown to scientists and played with it 