90 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine It was a cool day, so there was a low fire flickering on the hearth. Three kittens tumbled there. Buddy and kittens--Janine smiled at the thought and bent to pet them. A sound in the doorway made her straighten up, and she stared, wide- eyed. The Silver Duke stood there look- ing at her. For a moment she saw surprise and stark hunger mirrored in his face, then he seemed to don a mask that told her nothing, shut her out. "Buddy did not tell me," stam- mered Janine, then hushed, for her voice sounded strange in her own ears. "Why did you come, Jimmy?" the Duke asked stiffly. "I came to find Buddy. I wanted her to know she had me all wrong, and so did you. Lutie lied and Lizette lied. Lutie told me about it to-day. Those clothes and these, I earned myself. I am living with Lutie's mother again, as her com- panion, the same position I had be- fore Lutie came home from school." Why she didn't tell him she was Janine Broun, Jan never could after- ward fathom, but that small omis- sion saved her happiness. The Duke came forward and turned Janine's face to the light, his hand under her chin. A thrill went through Janine at his touch. Then she was still, but her breath was hurrying, hurrying. "I believe you, Jimmy. I went back to find you, and found you had gone, but Lizette was there. I choked the truth out of her. She admitted she knew nothing about your past, that she had lied. It didn't matter, nothing mattered except finding you." Janine felt the room swing about her, and at her white look, the Duke put his arms around her. "Was it that way with you, too, Jimmy? Did you love me enough, so that the past didn't matter?" Janine's pride became a thing of dust. "Yes, yes," she cried, her arms creeping up around his neck. "Would you marry me now, not knowing anything more about me, Jimmy?" "Could we? I mean, without waiting days for red tape and all that?" Janine asked bravely. "I attended to that--I got the license long ago. Mrs. Babbie gave me your full name, J. M. Brown, but she didn't know any more than that." Buddy's laughing face suddenly appeared between the curtains. "Buddy, call that judge who lives down the street right away," ordered the Duke in a gay voice that Janine had never heard from him before. When Buddy disappeared, the Duke looked down at Janine. "You meant it?" And at her shin- ing look he bent his tall head so he could reach her lips. This time Janine returned his kiss with all the hungry longing of the long weeks they had been separated. It was heaven to feel his arms around her, hurting her; the hard firmness of his mouth bruising hers. Recklessly, she put behind her all her doubts and fears. Buddy brought them back to earth, triumphantly leading the plump judge and a tall, handsome blond youth who did not look at all as Janine had thought Danny the Knife would look. In no time at all, just as she was in her blue dress and blue coat, and tumbled coppery hair, Janine be- came Mrs. Silver Duke. Of course, he had another name--Neal Riding. It was as unfamiliar as that of Silver Duke had been to her a few weeks before. 