94 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine caught up with Mr. Cromwell, who was holding her mother's arm. "That man looks Familiar to me," she remarked after they had passed his cabin. "Who is he?" "That's Mr. Stephen Ross," Cromwell informed her. "He's here with his brother, Philip Ross. They come from Chicago. They're in the steamship business. Mr. Philip is going to be here all summer, but Mr. Stephen is leaving at the end of the week." The information was welcome, though not very promising. But there was one thing she desired to know above all others: Was he single? She didn't want to ask the ques- tion point-blank, so: "Going home to his wife?" she asked, her heart trembling at what the answer might be. "No. Don't think he's married." Gladness and relief swelled her heart. Yes, it had to be this way. There should be no barriers when she found him. "Here we are," Cromwell an- nounced, stopping at the next cabin. "While you were having lunch, I had your trunks put inside. I hope you'll be very comfortable." There were four rooms in the cabin--two bedrooms, a living room with an open fireplace, and a bath- room that held a tub and shower. Indian blankets and game trophies hung on the walls. Hand-woven rag rugs were scattered over the wooden floors. Each room was pro- vided with electricity from the ranch's own power plant. Like all dude ranches, it combined the best features of the outdoor West with many of the comforts of the East. Thelma suggested that her mother he down and rest while she un- packed. The windows were wide open and a fine sweet-smelling breeze fanned the rooms. Before she was half finished, Thelma noticed that her mother had fallen asleep. That was perfect. The more rest her mother got, the sooner would she regain her health. Thelma took a shower and changed her dress. From the win- dow of her bedroom, she saw Stephen on the porch of his cabin. "I wonder," she said half aloud, "if you've been waiting for me as I've been waiting for you. I'm coming over and I hope you get the same sort of shock when you see me that I got when I saw you." Assuring herself that her mother was asleep, she strolled out with a glad heart. Near Stephen's cabin she halted and contemplated him for a moment. "How are you, neighbor?" she called out gayly. He raised his head. For a second his blue eyes showed keen surprise. Thelma's jet-black hair glistened in the sun. Her large, expressive gray eyes, shaded by long black lashes, sparkled with an intriguing friendli- ness. She presented an exquisite picture as she stood there, slim and straight. Then his eyes clouded. "How do?" he answered coldly and dropped his eyes to his book again, dismissing her completely. Aghast, Thelma stood there in a state of bewilderment. She had been snubbed. It seemed incredible. And shocking, too, after what she had anticipated. Something was wrong. Men usually warmed to her, found her interesting and desirable. It didn't seem possible that this man for whom she felt she had been waiting all her life shouldn't even desire to exchange a word with her. It sent a little shiver through her. For a moment she hesitated, then thrust out her chin and deliberately walked up the wooden steps of the 