The Fourth Proposal 97 "Thanks for telling me," Thelma said. "It makes me feel a lot better. I couldn't imagine how any one could take such a violent dislike to me." "He couldn't if he was in his right senses," Phil remarked with admir- ing eyes. "But under the circum- stances, while that thing is still fresh in his mind, it's best to leave him alone." Her mother awoke in time for din- ner and together they walked to the dining hall. At one of the small tables she saw Stephen and his brother Phil, but Stephen never once looked at her. She wondered what she should do. Should she avoid him entirely as his brother had suggested? No, she kept repeating to herself. But how could you interest a man if he refused to talk to you, if he walked out on you? He was leaving at the end of the week and some- thing must be done quickly. It wasn't, however, until the next evening that an idea came to Thelma. She and her mother were among the last to leave the dining hall after dinner. They stopped for a few moments to talk with John Cromwell in reference to some spe- cial food for Mrs. Huston. Then they strolled along leisurely toward then cabin. The idea came like a bolt from the sky just as they were approach- ing Stephen's cabin. It was a prom- ising idea, but the fact that her mother would be involved, made Thelma hesitate. She weighed it carefully in her mind, then feeling certain as to the outcome, she acted. "You're making a mistake," Mrs. Huston said as Thelma led her up the steps of Stephen's cabin. "This is not our cabin." "I know it, but I want you to meet some one, mother." A mischievous twinkle in her eyes, Thelma knocked on the door. Stephen answered and when he be- held the unexpected visitors he was dumfounded. In a fit of temper he could forget himself and act ungen- tlemanly toward Thelma, but never could he be rude to the pale, sweet- faced woman, with the kind eyes and iron-gray hair who stood beside her. "Hello, Stephen. I brought you a guest," Thelma said gayly. "Mother, this is Stephen Ross, a great book reader and a renowned authority on etiquette." She couldn't resist the chance of getting even. For a fraction of a second his eyes flashed anger. Then he turned to Thelma's mother and said pleas- antly, "How do you do, Mrs. Hus- ton?" Thelma's eyebrows went up in a delightful gesture, highly pleased that he had remembered her second name. "Won't you show mother how two bachelors live?" she asked pertly. "It might give her a thrill and she'll have something to write to dad." The girl was clever. There was nothing to do but surrender grace- fully. "Of course," he said. "Won't you come in, Mrs. Huston?" "Thank you, Mr. Ross. I hope we're not intruding." "Don't worry, mother," Thelma said impishly. "Mr. Ross just loves to have people drop in for a chat." He held the door open for them. Philip rose from his chair in the living room, a grin on his face, laughing inwardly over Thelma's strategy. But once inside, Thelma discarded all attempts at sarcasm and became her own sweet natural self. It wasn't only beauty that made her the most popular girl in her set, that made her the recipient of three pro- LS-7A 