72 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine And now he dared to tell her he couldn't trust her, that she was no better than a cheap flirt. Jocelyn's whole body burned with the indignity of it. She flung off the blankets, sat up in bed, taut and furious. Then she fell back against the pillow, sobbing. She didn't know how long she had slept when she awoke to the sure knowledge that some one was in her room. Swiftly, without giving her- self time to think, she jerked on the bed light. Then, blinking in its sudden radiance, she saw a pair of black-clad shoulders and the back of a smooth black head. "What are you doing here?" she demanded, trying but not quite suc- ceeding in keeping a sharp note of terror from her voice. The intruder turned, and she rec- ognized the man she had seen in the lobby earlier in the evening. He carried a key and a huge silver flask. His hair was mussed, and he swayed unsteadily. "How'd you get in my room?" he asked, his words coming thick and slurred. "I'm not in your room. You're in mine," Jocelyn snapped, her mo- mentary fear gone in a gust of an- noyance. The man shook his head and ad- vanced toward the bed. "That's kind of compli-com- pli- You know what I mean; kind of mixed up. Let's have a drink and see if it straightens out." Jocelyn waved him away. In- wardly she felt a renewed tremor of fright. Suppose he tried to make love to her? Suppose- Deter- minedly she forced herself to speak calmly: "I don't want a drink, and you've had too many already. Go on, get out of here. I want to sleep." "Aw, what's the hurry? My name's Conroy. What's yours?" He was, she saw, young, and in spite of his being tight, almost un- believably good-looking. A boyish grin lighted his face now, and be- fore Jocelyn realized his intention he had seated himself comfortably in the chair beside the bed. In spite of herself, she could not feel angry. "Do have a drink," he urged. Instead, she took his key from him and studied its number. "This is Room 317," she told him. "And your key is for 417. You be- long another flight up." He stared at her, apparently lost in admiration. "Clever of you," he said. "I'd never have thought of that." He got to his feet, none too stead- ily, and started weaving toward the door. On an impulse, Jocelyn swung over the side of the bed, shoved her toes into her mules, and wrapped her kimono around her. "I'd better see that you get to your room," she decided. "If you go breaking into places, like this, you're apt to get into trouble." The man's legs seemed to grow unsteadier as she guided him out the door and up a flight of stairs. He walked along the hall with an elaborate caution Jocelyn found amusing. At the sound of the elevator door clanging shut, she felt his arm, which she had taken to steady him, stiffen under her hold. "It's all right," she assured him in the tone one uses to a fretful child. Then she, in her turn, grew stiff with horror. Ward was coming toward them! Jocelyn's hand dropped from her companion's arm. Her tongue was stiff and her mouth dry. With an instinctive gesture she pulled the 