48 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine turning to find Poke Brian at their table, his fingers on Phil's shoulder, she listened in dull uncomprehen- sion to his blunt short-spoken words. Hardly realized at first, that he was speaking of her. "This girl's name is Arden, isn't it, Barnes? Dawn Arden? You are to get her out of here and keep her out. Why? Missus's orders. She doesn't like young kids like her coming here." And then he said some- thing else, in a hoarse whisper close against Phil's ear. Something about a raid. "--got wind of it, just now. Bet- ter get along. I'm chasing all the col- lege gang." And his broad shoulders were swinging down the room, stopping here, stopping there. Whispering to this one, touching that one. Alone Phil was grinning down at Dawn, in reckless, impudent, white-toothed mocking: "So what?" he said. "You heard. Orders from the missus. I'm to get you out and see that you stay out. Know where that came from, don't you? And who's behind that?" "Sure," Dawn said, and her eyes were bitter. "Jack. He's seen Hilda Brian since this afternoon. He's told her not to let me come here any more. He's afraid I'll say something to her, maybe, or she to me. But I'll show him." She held out her arms, her cheeks crimson with defiance. "Let's dance," she said. "If they get me out of here to-night, they'll throw me out!" Phil laughed, but shook his head. "There's a raid due," he said. "Poke just warned me. We're scramming. One thing I can't stand just now--any kind of fuss with the police. "Come along, gal. We're beating it now." They had just risen to their feet, Dawn straining obstinately against Phil's compelling hands, when the cry came. A boy's high and shrill as a girl's with fright: "The cops!" Scram!" Before the last word had left his lips, the lights were out. Cling- ing to Phil's arm, struggling in the murky darkness, Dawn felt a strong hand pulling at her, and close against her, al- most in her ear, she heard Poke Brian's husky whisper: "That you, Barnes--you and the Arden kid? You're to get her in the house part --quick! Here, I'm holding the door for you. In you go. It's steel, see, and there's a lock. When it's safe, I'll let you out. In with you now!" And then the door was closing behind them, a soft, perfumed dark- ness was enveloping them, and Dawn found herself pounding with futile fists against a thick paneled wall. "Have a heart!" Phil cautioned. "Be still, can't you? If you don't know a lucky break when you get it, I do. Didn't I tell you I couldn't afford any tie-up with the cops now? LS--3A 