78 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine would be crazy about you, Jimmy. You're his kind." "The Silver Duke?" Jan repeated, smilingly. "Yes, he's a swell like you. Just a night bird like the rest of us. Only shows up after dark. A gangster, see?" "But why the Silver Duke?" Janine asked carelessly, not because she was interested. Her feet ached, and so did her head and back. She was sick to death of Swantown and its squalor. Sick of the smells and people, the gangsters who frankly claimed to be nothing else. "My Buck named him that the first night he came to Carmini's. His eyes are exactly like silver coins, and he was such a real swell, Buck called him the Silver Duke and it stuck." Janine went on filing her nails, listening carelessly. Wouldn't Anne laugh to hear Buddy proposing that Janine Broun have a blind date with a gangster named the "Silver Duke"? Certainly she had hidden Janine well under the "Jimmy Brown" that Swantown knew. A trifle curiously, she eyed her- self in the narrow mirror opposite. A shabbily dressed girl with ruffled copper hair cut just a little longer than a boy's, because the old Janine had worn hers long, bunched at the nape of her neck. She was white, and the old Janine would be brown by now. The pallor made her mouth startlingly scarlet. "Oh, gosh! Here he is now!" Buddy's eager voice interrupted Jan's thoughts, and Jan looked up with a start of dismay, into eyes that were, as Buddy had said, as cool and silvery as coins. It was a long way to look, too, for he was well over six feet, tall, strong, but slim-hipped. In his white trousers and white turtle-necked sweater, he did not look different from the crowd she ran with, and not at all as she had thought a dweller of Swantown would look. "This is Jimmy Brown, Duke, and she's a swell jane, only she's half dead. She works harder than any of the other dames around here," Buddy introduced them. "Buddy." Just one word of laughing dismay, in a warm, drawl- ing voice that, for some reason, sent a tingle through Janine. "Aw, nix, Duke, on making me talk your way, but isn't she a pretty keen kid?" "Very keen." Somehow, Janine found her hand in a cool, firm clasp, and she was returning the Duke's simle. "Take her for a ride, Duke. She's tired and hot," Buddy suggested. "I'm taking another girl's turn at the telephone to-night." Janine wanted to protest, but didn't. Janine Broun going riding with a man from Swantown. Never- theless, she found herself going down the hot street with the tall young man, his hand touching her arm at the crossings. She didn't even think much about her rashness in trusting herself to him in the hot darkness of Swan- town. Looking back over that night, she wondered why she hadn't been afraid, especially as he guided her toward the docks. Dark shapes slunk in and out of the shadows, and spoke to the Duke in gutturals. The water slapped sullenly against the docks, and only the riding lights of the moored freighters relieved the darkness. "Why, it's a boat, not a car," Janine said with real pleasure, as her companion stayed her steps at a slip where a speed boat tugged at its moorings. "Scared?" 