Tender Arms 73 pale-blue silk of her kimono tighter about her. She tried to speak, failed, then tried again, managing a husky: "Ward!" If he saw her it was impossible to guess it. Head high, shoulders squared, he would have passed her. Jocelyn flung herself forward, catching at the sleeve of his coat with frantic fingers. Still without meeting her eyes, he attempted to shake her off, but Jocelyn hung on, bringing her flushed face close to his. "You've got to listen," she panted. "It isn't what you think. That man was in my room and-" "That's exactly what I am think- ing," Ward cut in, his tone bleak as ice. Hot blood flamed in Jocelyn's cheeks. Her eyes snapped. "You would!" she cried. "I'm trying to tell you he's tight and got into my room by mistake. I must have forgotten to lock the door." She drew away from him, stand- ing stiff and straight. "And now that I've explained," she added, "I never want to see you again." She turned, suddenly remember- ing she still held the key to Con- roy's room. Conroy was gone. There was a sound of running feet, and then Conroy came into view, closely followed by a tall, heavy-built man in a gray uniform. Seeing Ward, the pursuer yelled: "Head him off, sir." Ward went into action, bringing Conroy down with a flying tackle, and holding him, in spite of his de- termined struggling, until the watch- man came up. "Now then," the latter said sternly, "I guess we've got you with the goods, Comisky." The man whom Jocelyn knew as Conroy straightened, his lip twisted in a sneer. The last evidence of his recent intoxication was gone. "You're crazy, Murphy," he snarled. "You haven't got anything on me." "We'll see about that. I'll just take a peek in your pockets." Conroy grew threatening. "I'll have the law on you for this. Mo- lesting a guest." "Shut up," Murphy ordered. He drew from the man's pocket a wrist watch, a purse, and a jeweled com- pact. Jocelyn, staring, gave a sharp gasp. "Why, those are mine!" Understanding came to her, and with it, rage. "You thief!" she cried. "You weren't tight at all. You deliber- ately got into my room to steal." Hysterical laughter shook her. Her voice rose to a. shrill pitch. "And me helping you upstairs, feeling sorry for you-" A touch on her arm restored her to self-control. "Take it easy, miss," the watch- man counseled. "That's his regular game, but we've never been able to get the goods on him before. Can you identify these things as yours?" Jocelyn nodded decisively. "Oh, absolutely. See, there's my mono- gram on the watch and compact, and my name is in the purse. Mr. Rutledge"--she turned to Ward for confirmation--"gave them to me." "Yes, I did," he acknowledged, without inflection of any sort. At last Murphy and his charge were gone and Jocelyn found herself in the corridor, alone with Ward. The quiet seemed intolerable to the girl. She had quarreled with him before, but this flintlike silence was worse than any words. She waited a moment longer for him to speak, to make some move. Then, with an inarticulate murmur, 