ADVERTISING SECTION Movie Stars Enthuse over the New 1935 Midwest 16 World-Wide Entertainment Hollywood, Calif.-"Until I re-ceived my new Midwest radio, I had never thought it possible to bring in entertainment from half way around the world so clearly." Jean Harlow (Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Star) Amazing All-Wave Performance Hollywood Calif.- "My Midwest is the best set I have ever tried. It gives me super foreign re-ception and new radio adven-ture. Its performance on all five wave bands amazes me." Richard Arlen, (Paramout Featured Player) Thrilling Foreign Recpetion Hollywood Calif.-"Not until I tried out my Midwest 16 did I really appreciate what radio re-ception was. It thrills me to bring in distant foreign stations as clearly as local progtrams." (Paramount Star) Claudette Colbert Better Foreign Reception Hollywood Calif.-"I am quite enthused with my Midwest. Many friends who have heard it are delighted with its per-formance. It brings in, with-out a doubt, the finest all-wave reception I have ever heard." J. Neil Hamilton Thrill to Unequalled World-Wide Performance with this- Amazing New 1935 Super Deluxe All-Wave Radio 16 Tube 9 to 2,400 meters (12,000 mile tuning range) Guaranteed World-Wide Reception! BEFORE you buy any radio, write for FREE copy of the new 1935 Midwest "Fifteenth Anniversary" catalog. See for yourself the many reasons why over 110,000 satisfied cus-tomers have bought their radios direct from Midwest Laboratories... and saved from 1/3 to 1/2. Learn why Midewest radios out-performsets costing up to $200 and more. You, too, can make a positive saving of from 30% to 50% by buying this more economcial way. Why be contented with ordinary so-called "All-Wave", "Dual Wave", "Skip Wave" or "Tri-Wave" recievers when Midewest give you more wave lengths in today's most perfectly developed 16-tube Super de luxe ALL-WAVE radio that are proven by four years of success... that carry an iron-clad guarantee of foreign reception! There bigger, better, more powerful, clearer-toned, super selective radios have FIVE distinct wave bands; ultra short, short, medium, broadcast, and long. Their greater all-wave tuning of 9 to 2400 meters (33 megacycles to 125 KC) enables you to tune in stations 12,000 miles away with clear loud speaker recpetion. Write TODAY for new FREE catalog! Terms as low as $5.00 Down New Stype Consoles The new, big, Midewest 36-page 1935 catalog pictures a complete line of beautiful, artistic de luxe consoles and chassia...in four colors... a model for every purse. Hand made by master craftsmen, they harmonize beautifully with any furni-ture arrangement. Write for new FREE catalog today! 50 ADVANCED 1935 FEATURES Here are a few of Midwest's superior features: Controllable Expansion of Volume-Selectivity-Sensativity (Micro-Tenuator)...Fidel-A-Trol... Triple Calibration Plus... Pure Silver Wire... Ceramie Coil Forms... Sep-arate Audio Generator... Simplified tuning Guide Lights... Compact Synchronized Band Switch... Amplified Automatic Volume Control... 7 KC Selectivity... Power Driver Stage... 16 Latest Type Tubes... etc. Read about theres and 38 other features in the new FREE Midwest catalog. Never before so much radio for so little money. Write for FREE catalog. DEAL DIRECT WITH LABORATORIES SAVE UP TO 50% Increasing costs are sure to result in higher radio prices soon. Buy before the big advance...NOW!... while you can take advatage of Midwest's sensational values... No middlemen's profits to pay. You can order your radio from the new Midwest catalog with as much certainty of satisfaction as if you were to select it in our great radio laboratories. You save 30% to 50% when you buy direct this popular way... you get 30 days FREE trial... as little as $5.00 down puts a Midwest radio in your home. Satisfaction guar-anteed or money back. Write for FREE catalog. Sign and mail coupon... or, send name and address on postal card...NOW! World's Greatest Radio Value $57.50 with New Deluxe Auditorium-Type Speakers Less Tubes Jean Harlow, Richard Arlen, Claudette Colbert, Neil Hamilton, Maureen O'Sullivan, Gloria Stuart and Ginger Rogers are some of the movie stars who prefer the Midwest radio because it gives them the super all-wave reception that they desire. Try the Midwest for thirty days before you decide. Mid-west gives you triple prtection with: A one-year guaran-tee, foreign reception guarantee, money-back guarantee. Mail Coupon Today! For AMAZING 30-DAY FREE TRIAL OFFER AND NEW 1935 CATALOG Midwest Radio Corp., Dept. 702 Cincinnati, Ohio. User-Agents Make Easy Extra Money Check here for Details Without obligation on my part send me your new FREE 1935 catalog, and com- plete details of your liberal 30-day FREE trial offer. This is NOT an order. Name......... Address...... Town....State Please mention this magazine when answering advertisements 