Cornflower-blue 29 herself following indifferently. So Bill had invited Adela for a swim? Well, why not? She was a marvel- ous swimmer, a spectacular swim- mer, with all the graceful diving and perfect strokes that went to make up an exhibition performance; while she, Barbara, had only two or three steady, plugging strokes that were not notable for form, but that man- aged to keep her above water. Adela was chattering on and on about Bill. Barbara found herself listening, suddenly intent. "So here I am, Babs darling-- head-over-heels in love. And with a wild man from Montana." Some deep, secret little thing in Barbara's heart winced and twisted. "You've been in love before," she said dryly. Adela gave a quick backward glance over one shoulder. "The child grows cynical. But it's the real thing this time. I might even go through with it and marry him." "And live on a ranch?" "Don't be weird! He'll have to give up the ranch. Not enough money to keep it going. I'd get dad to give him a real job." "Has--has Bill said anything yet?" "No, of course not." Adela tossed her bright head. "That's what makes the game exciting. He likes me tremendously. But he doesn't know yet that he can't live without me." The path dipped abruptly toward the water and they could see the landing below them, framed by the sweeping branches of a willow. The canoes bobbed with every ripple of the shining water and the boatman sat at the end of the wharf, his legs dangling, a corncob pipe in his mouth. He saw them coming and stood up. But Adela was in no hurry. She turned suddenly and looked up at Barbara on the path above. "I'll win, of course. I've never yet lost anything that I wanted ter- ribly. And I want Bill. I want him so much that I wouldn't stand for interference--from any one. Not even you!" Barbara stared. "Not even me? What in the world do you mean?" "You know what I mean. Do you suppose I didn't see those moon- struck eyes of yours this afternoon when you sat there on the ground staring at him? As though you'd never seen the man before! I won't have you making yourself pitiful. It may be your only weapon, but you're not to use it. He's such a big soft ninny of a man--as far as his heart's concerned--that he'd fall in love with a caterpillar if he got sorry enough for one." She turned about and went down the path to the landing, all sweet- ness now and charm, so that the boatman bustled about fetching ex- tra pillows from the other canoes. Barbara took his horny hand numbly and slipped into one of the low seats. She felt chilled, shocked, terrified. Her fingers were stiff as she dipped her paddle in the rosy waters. The canoe slid away from the landing and out onto the wide, glassy world of the lake. How really awful of Adela to accuse her of--of making herself pitiful in order to attract Bill. "I'll go home to-morrow," she said quietly. "It's been kind of you to bring me here, but of course, I couldn't stay after this." Adela raised her paddle and twisted about in the seat ahead so that the canoe swayed dangerously. "Don't be ridiculous. I apologize. I--I lost my head for a minute. It wouldn't do at all to have you leave suddenly in the middle of our stay." 