106 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine drive, when Florence drove up. She was a very different person from the Florence who had made that other visit. A lot of her languor was gone. "Listen," she said without pre- liminary, "Len is telling around down at headquarters that you and he were engaged to be married as soon as you could get an annulment of your marriage. He's just pulling that to get you out of a tight hole, isn't he?" Billie's anger, soothed by the grins of her trooper tormentors, flared again instantly. "On the contrary, he's telling the truth. I doubt if he ever did love you, or was ever engaged to you. You probably bought that ring yourself." "That's all I wanted to know," Florence snapped. "You two think you pulled a fast one on me, don't you? I suppose he thinks he did something big in giving me the run- around. Well, if he doesn't change his mind right off, he'll find himself in plenty of trouble. I know a lot more than you think I do, and I'll talk. I'll get even with him if it takes the rest of my life." Florence hurried down the steps, slammed the car into gear with a great deal of noise, and shot away. "Well," Billie said to herself, "that was certainly short and sweet. I'd hate to be in Len's shoes. Of course she can't really do any- thing to him." But Billie was wrong. Within an hour, Billie had a telephone call from trooper barracks, telling her that on information sworn to by Florence Lane, they had arrested Len to be held for trial by the grand jury on a charge of murder. It took Billie just four and a half minutes to reach the Forestport jail. After a good deal of delay, she was led into a visiting booth where she found Len facing her in another booth on the opposite side of a heavy wire screen. She wondered a little at having been granted an in- terview with him so easily. But she found out later that every word they said was heard over a hidden telephone connection between the two booths. "Len," Billie said in a choked voice, her eyes bright with moisture, "they can't hold you for this. They can't say you did it." Len shrugged resignedly. "Flor- ence came in and told them plenty." "What--what did she tell them?" "That she was out on the island and overheard you and me talking. You remember the night we saw the woman's footprints? Well, Florence must have made those." Billie was beginning to compre- hend. "We talked about your quarrels with Gil. And your threatening him if he didn't leave me alone, and his threatening you when he caught you kissing me." "And the fact that if we could get rid of him, we could marry. She made it all sound as bad as possible, especially the kissing business and my threatening him." "But they won't believe her. It will be just her word against yours. Len, they can't believe it." "Well, they unfortunately thought of Mrs. Morley. She overheard the quarrel there at Montycroft. She couldn't help it with all the shouting we did." "But, Len, even that-" "And I wouldn't deny it. In fact, I let them believe it was true," Len said. "It saved me the trouble of confessing." "Of--of confessing?" Her eyes were pitiful, horrified. 