Strand Of Gold 117 to sit in a tree as she had at first planned. Still, a tree wouldn't make you so cold that your teeth chat- tered; so cold it seemed as if you couldn't stand it. The cold ate at her heart, breaking down her reso- lution, making her want to climb out where the sun could warm her. The consequences of being caught by Holland seemed very remote to her then, and the cold seemed very real. For herself she might have given in, but she was working for Len. For Len and their happiness. She gritted her teeth and stayed where she was, not moving, hardly daring to breathe. Shortly she heard voices again, closer and louder. She realized that the owners of the voices were standing directly underneath the tower. "I tell you, she's gone ashore," one voice urged, "and we ain't safe here a minute." "And I tell you she hasn't," Hol- land's voice answered impatiently. "She's hiding on this island. And we've got to find her. We haven't looked up on that tower. She might be there. Climb up and see." Billie's heart sank. She could feel the vibration through the ladder bolts as the man started to climb. Well, this was the end. Might as well make the best of it and be a good loser. She had staked every- thing on their not thinking of the water tower. And now she had lost. The man climbed higher and higher until she could sense that he was directly outside the place where she herself was hanging on. He looked over the top, and then called down to Holland, his voice hollow and deafening inside the tank. "Nobody up on top here." "Look inside," Holland com- manded. Billie played her last card as she heard the man scrambling forward. She took several deep breaths in quick succession, and then quietly sank below the surface, held herself down there by bolt ends farther un- der water. All she could do was hold on un- til her breath gave out. At first it wasn't hard, but gradually it be- came horrible. Her lungs began to ache, a splitting, awful ache. Yet she held on grimly. At least it took her mind off the cold water. Her head began to ache next, worse than it had ever ached before. Yet she held on. And when the pain began to bring unbearable, fiery darts before her eyes, she let her breath out gradually. Panic over- took her. For a few moments longer she fought it, and then she came to the surface, sucked in a great gulp of air, breathed again and again. Her head still ached, and her body was weak. She had no control over it. There was no shout of triumph as she had half expected. And when she could see, she realized that there was no man's figure in the trap- door opening, looking in at her. She had not been seen. Then, because she was so weak, and the effort had been so great, because relief had flooded her at last, she began to sob. She fought the cold and stayed there as long as she could, even after there were no more sounds be- low her. Then she came out and lay in the sun, and after a long time her shivering stopped, her clothes dried. Far off toward shore she could see the diving boat, but she dared not take any chances. One of Holland's men might have stayed behind in hiding. She remained up on the tower un- til dark, then went to the furnace for the paper. After that she 