142 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine "Apxy," data omitted, by request: How can I tell you about C? There is a set of circumstances which you have to discuss between yourselves, even though I realize he is hard to handle at this time. He is vague and confused in his mind and does not know what he wishes to do. If there is another interest in his life, my advice is to ignore it. The wise course is to go along and keep up the pretense. Forget your pride until he comes to his senses. He will be more serious next year and his financial status will improve. For Heaven's sake, be tolerant! If you make one false move now, you will regret it and there will be no more marriage. Your future adjustments de- pends entirely upon you and the best course is for you to appeal to his emotions. He is most susceptible to love and kindness. Hope you work out the problem. Mrs. M. C., born July 26, 1913, Kansas, 6:00 a. m.: Sorry, but I believe this affair is over. You were foolish in acting as you did and his pride is hurt. Your chart does not blend well with his, anyway, and you will have other opportunities to marry, the strongest indication being in 1936. If I were you, I would admit to him that I was wrong and try to renew the friendship, but keep it as a friendship. This man is the type to be through when he has once made up his mind, and you will find yourself get- ting along with him much better if you keep your relations purely upon a friendly basis. Mrs. C. M. E., born July 9, 1903, 7:00 p. m.: I can appreciate your position and sympathize with you. That is an unpar- donable situation to have on your hands. Surely there is something you can do to eliminate this person from your home. It should be done as soon as possible. I do not blame you for your resentment. Has your husband no influence at all in that quarter? After all, it is up to him and while I know it is difficult for him to take drastic steps with one of his own family, it is unfair to you. Wish you had sent me the birth dates of all concerned. I could be more definite, if you had. You will be much happier next year, as your personal influences are improving. But I do not think you should tolerate the present state of affairs. There are changes indicated for you next spring, and if you are unable to accomplish your purpose before that time, you should take every way possible next May. Otherwise, you will miss the value of your improved planetary conditions. L. O. R., born August 20, 1913, 9:00 p. m.: You forgot to tell me where you were born, young lady. The young man is right in putting his career before his inter- est in you. He is ambitious, and if you care for him, you should be glad that he wishes to be financially solvent before undertaking marriage. His influences are good this year, and I am glad to see him starting in busi- ness under his present aspects. I believe he will make money in 1935. Your charts blend well, but it is up to the young man to create the opportunity for marriage. If you are a wise girl, you will be sympathetic and helpful and not try to force issues. Just be patient. I do not believe you will regret it if you wait. Miss M. L. S., born November 27, 1913, Kentucky, 10:00 p. m.: You certainly were right when you said that you were temperamental, but you will get over that as you get older. And yet, you are the type of person that has to have deep feel- ings and an emotional interest in anything that you do in order to succeed. You should be in the business world. You like the feeling that a successful commercial venture brings. Just how you are equipped in training and environment to accomplish this purpose, I do not know. The next three years will bring you accomplishment and fulfillment, but the results depend upon yourself. The planetary conditions are fa- vorable and will be helpful, if you care to use them. Marriage is indicated in the summer months of 1936. Miss A. L., data omitted, by request: You just go right ahead with your work and wait for marriage until circumstances bring it to you. There will be a deep emo- tional interest in your life in 1935, but you must not force issues. There is marriage in the future but if it does not come until 1937, do not worry about it. You can marry next year, if you like, but I advise you to wait. You have no idea how much progress you are going to make in the next two years in the commercial field and in 1936 you will be able to increase your in- come. Thanks for your interest. You should undertake the study of astrology as a hobby. You would like it and find your- self making strides in it very shortly. L. Z., born December 6, 1909, Indiana, 7:00 a. m.: The reason you have lost faith in people is because you have built your belief upon too idealistic a plane and for- gotten that your fellow man is human. 