Friendliest Corner By MARY MORRIS Miss Morris will help you to make friends Miss Mary Morris, who conducts this department, will see to it that you will be able to make friends with other readers, though thousands of miles may separate you. It must be understood that Miss Morris will undertake to exchange letters only between men and men, boys and boys, women and women, girls and girls. All reason-able care will be exercised in the introduction of correspondents. If any unsatisfac-tory letters are received by our readers, the publishers would appreciate their being sent to them. Please sign your name and address when writing. Be sure to inclose forwarding postage when sending letters through The Friendliest Corner, so that mail can be forwarded. Address Miss Mary Morris, Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine, 79 Seventh Avenue, New York, N. Y. FAR off from an archipelago in the Pacific Ocean comes an eager, friendly call for Pen Pals everywhere. Here is a girl who lives in the fascinating Philippine Islands. She is a lively, interesting young person, and every one of you girls will surely like her. Sincerity is her foremost qualification. Write her a letter, Pals, and get acquainted with Fificha! Dear Miss Morris: I'm a very lone- some girl in my late teens. I live in the Philippine Islands, and would be very glad to hear from girls all over the world. I have brown hair, big brown eyes, a very friendly disposition, and am interested in every one and everything. My hobbies are dancing, reading, writing letters, and tennis. I also enjoy the movies. I'll be glad to exchange snapshots. Girls, get busy and write to me! Fificha. Exchange entomology secrets with this young couple. Dear Miss Morris: Is any one inter- ested in collecting butterflies and moths? My husband and I are, and we would very much like to hear from girls and young men who are keen on this subject. We are both twenty-three years of age, have dark hair and eyes, and are considered friendly and easy to get along with. We promise faithfully to answer all letters. We love to write, especially to people we have never seen. Mr. and Mrs. Butterfly. Sweet Sue's letters will pep you up. Dear Miss Morris: Did I hear some one say letters? The only thing I'd rather do besides write letters is to get them. I'm a girl of eighteen, interested in almost everything, and always like to enjoy my- self. However, I haven't many friends, and would welcome lots of Pen Pals. Young or old, sad or gay, I want all of you to write to me. Sweet Sue. A California wife longs for Pals in Canada. Dear Miss Morris: Please, will any of you Canadian and other girls, single or married, write to me? I'm twenty-one, mar- ried, and the mother of a two-year-old boy. I love the great outdoors, enjoy reading, LS--9A 