60 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine "This is Alaska," he said ab- ruptly. "In this country men and women show their true natures! My beau-tee-ful darling-" He swept her up in those long, powerful arms. Gloria twisted side- wise, and her white, pearly teeth sank into the flesh of his shoulder. With a snarling cry of pain, he dropped her. She sprang quickly away. Jacques Lacleve rubbed the place where Gloria had bitten him. A slow smile spread over his dark, menacing face. "Little wild cat!" he murmured. "But I like you so, my darling! And what Jacques Lacleve likes--he takes!" He made no move to come closer. Gloria watched him with abhor- rence. "As soon as my father returns -" she began. Lacleve shrugged. "When he returns, I shall be away on business. You will tell him what I have done? You will have me discharged? My beau-tee-ful dar- ling, I have not been idle during these eight years I work for your father! I have feathered my nest. I am reech. I discharge myself!" He paused, and his burning eyes went slowly and gloatingly over the slender, graceful figure of the girl who, with flashing eyes and dilated nostrils, confronted him. "But I shall come back," he mur- mured. "At a time when you do not expect me--I shall come back!" He gave her a long, meaning look. Then he was gone. Gloria drew out her handkerchief and viciously scrubbed the spot on her cheek where he had kissed her. The wind was rising. She moved across toward the big round stove in the center of the room. Then, abruptly, she paused and stood in- tently, listening. Distant bells, and the fierce, ex- ultant yelp of malemute dogs, rac- ing for the shelter of the road house! The door leading into the kitchen swung open, and she saw the vast figure of Jake Thompson, proprietor of the establishment. Usually his round, plump face was wreathed in smiles, but to-night he looked grave and uneasy. "What is it, Jake?" Gloria de- manded. "A man just came through from the mines, miss," he told her. "There's word from your father." Suddenly Gloria was trembling. She took an impulsive step toward the man. "What is it?" she demanded sharply. "Tell me quickly! Don't just stand there!" Jake Thompson rubbed his chin. "Miss," he rumbled, "if you was to take something, a drop of brandy, to kind of brace you up-" She darted across to where he stood, seized his shoulders, and tried to shake him. "Tell me what's happened!" she cried. "Is dad sick?" "He got hurt, miss. But there's a good doctor up there, and most likely he'll be all right. He was un- conscious." Gloria wasn't frightened. Now that the full force of the calamity had struck her, she was steady and resolute. "I'll start for the mines at once!" she said steadily. "Please arrange everything." But Jake was shaking his head. "You can't possibly get up there till this storm's over!" he protested. "In two or three days, maybe." Gloria stamped her foot. The 