102 The Eighth Devil    She could use a little more pressure, per- haps. There were ways. . . . She planned shrewdly. If she gave him some- thing unmistakably damning to consider . . . he might explode, but she could al- ways fall back on the truth, always tell him that she had been trying to help him conquer his weakness by building up his powers of resistance.  So it happened, quite naturally, that Murray Jessop was gently persuaded into something like a display of ardor. He wasn't utterly immune to deft stimula- tion, and Lester Raeburn could be re- markably provocative when she chose. Jessop would have laid no siege to her or any other woman, but he took what the lazy little gods he worshiped were be- nign enough to put within reach. He kissed her, with rather more earnestness than was characteristic of him, just as Raeburn came in. Lester, tense and braced for the scene, listened desperately for the first roaring blast of her hus- band's rage. She felt as if she must scream unless he broke the tension. Turning a little, with Jessop's lightly confident arm still about her, she caught her breath. Laurence had gone out, with- out a word. Jessop had not even known of his presence!  In some fashion she got rid of him, not too brusquely. She hadn't finished with him yet. She saw as he left that he was puzzled, but she had no thought to waste on his private bewilderments. Larry was the only man who mattered--Larry who had watched another man kiss her with- out lifting a finger to interfere! She found him in his room, prosaically com- fortable in dressing-gown and loose, rather slovenly slippers.  "Larry--I--I know you saw what hap- pened just now--"  He nodded, his eyes mildly amused.  "Yes," he said quietly, "I'm quite sure that yon know I saw it. You timed it very nicely, didn't you?"  She stared. This wasn't Larry Rae- burn--it couldn't be the man who had     been instant to flame into fury at the faintest breath of suspicion. What had happened to him? Why didn't he fly into his old passion of reproach?  "You--you don't think-- You know I--?" she stammered clumsily, groping for the right phrase.  He laughed softly.  "Yes, I know you, Les. I know that Murray Jessop never kissed you before and never will again, until you devil him into it, as you did to-night. I know you're technically as innocent as any woman ever was. Don't disturb yourself in the least, please. It's quite all right. I understand--everything."  "Larry!" She let her hands fall on his shoulders. "What's come over you? You act as if--as if you didn't care!"  "Do I? That's odd, you know. Be- cause I don't care--I don't care a single tinker's damn what you do or say, Les. You won't make any trouble for your- self. I'm perfectly certain that neither Murray Jessop or any other man will ever interest you enough to make you lose your balance. And if it amuses you to play with that sort of pets, play all you please. . . . Ah-h!" He yawned polite- ly behind his hand. "Don't fret--I'm not a bit annoyed."  She stood still, utterly at a loss.  "But--but you talk as if you didn't care--about me!" she complained. "It isn't faith that makes you so complaisant --it's sheer disinterest!"  "Oh, that's rather strong." He yawned again. "I'm getting over some of the fol- lies of my youth, of course. For in- stance"--his eyes narrowed suddenly-- "for instance, it isn't possible, any longer, for a woman to tear my soul to pieces just for her amusement. You've cured me of that, at last. I owe you a good deal for that service. Jealousy is a de- testable vice. I'm done with it, thanks to you."  "I don't understand." It was almost a wail. "Larry, Larry, don't you care any more? Don't you love me?"