116 The Handwriting Detective    After struggling with that, it is a re- lief to turn to Number Eleven. Here, please send to our office  if you please, is a thoroughly consistent character. Notice that all the letter formations are similar in type; that the "t" bar is nicely adjusted to the relative strength and size of the letter, that the size of the capital is in proportion-- and a lot of other things which you can see if you look carefully! Now I'll "read" that character for you, and you can guess pretty easily how it's done, by this time. I estimate this person as hav- ing passed into mature years--not neces- sarily over forty, mind you--for Grapho- logy does not recognize mere years. It merely recognizes facts, and you know perfectly well that some people are old at forty and some are still quite young, but all have passed beyond the stage where they are likely to change greatly in temperament. Well, this person will assuredly not change. Whether man or woman, the ideals, the attitude of mind, the tastes, the emotions are all firmly outlined. The joining of the words shows a mind, which is not only logical in its operations, but which forces the impress of its conclusions upon the heart and soul. Many people, you know, can think accurately and see very clearly a     chain of reasoning, but are quite power- less to rule themselves thereby. This person's mind does that ruling well, but it could not have been always so. There are evidences of impetuosity and illy governed impatience, and of pride and of passions, now overcome.  The last specimen, you will notice, has a more pronounced pen pressure than any of the others. This one fact The World Was  is indicative of a keen interest in the material and physical world, but, in ad- dition to that, we have the almost up- right writing, the heavily formed letters, and the inflated loops on the letters, all of which show a nature which is empha- tically of this world. I'd say that it would be a matter of prime importance to this person as to whether a steak were tender or not; that the possession of money would confer the greatest hap- piness, and, next to that, the possession of health. I'd expect this person to be righteous and decent, but to have only a perfunctory interest in religion--and I'd be sure that he--there, I'm guessing again--because maybe this is that sweet, Madonna faced girl that I particularly noticed! You never can tell 'em by how they look, you see--but as to how they write--that's a different matter.      THIS COUPON entitles the sender to one graphological reading. If the sender does not desire the specimen and reading published, twenty-five cents in stamps or silver should be enclosed. Address: The Handwriting Detective, LIVE STORIES, 35-37 West 39th Street, New York, N. Y.      The next article by Mrs. Rice will appear in the June number of Live Stories, on sale May 1st.