Henry Payson Dowst 37    Lord! If she wouldn't be so confound- edly impersonal.  "This is a business call," said Brownell. "Do you transact business here, or in your--private office?"  "Mercy!" said Anna. "I'm not in busi- ness. But if you want to go into the study, it's all right." Nevertheless, she looked at the man sharply before leading the way to the inner room, where the hanging light was burning, making a round spot of brilliance in the centre of the room. Here she dropped into her accustomed seat, and her caller took the chair by the side of her desk.  He pulled the check from his pocket and laid it before her. She picked it up and read the amount, then looked at Brownell. Her eyes were wide with surprise.  "But I can't accept it," she said. "It's too much."  "Five per cent." said Brownell. "I cleaned up a cool million to-day. The tip was the best you've ever given me."  "I'm awfully glad." said Anna. "But fifty thousand dollars--oh, I couldn't!"  "How did it happen, anyhow?" de- manded her caller. "You don't know Belcher or any of those chaps?"  "It was one of the best manifestations I've ever had--truly. I got up much earlier than usual this morning, and al- though I hadn't thought of you for a months--"  "Thanks," said Abner.  "--Your name kept coming into my mind, and I could see your face; and somehow I knew there was a message. So I came in here and looked into the globe, and there I saw something--I can't describe it, but I realised what it meant; [s]o I got you on the 'phone."  "Wonderful!" said Brownell incredu- ulously. "Anna, you're a marvel. You're more than welcome to your commission. That ought to set you up in business for [q]uite a while."  "I know," said Anna, contemplating [t]he check. "I wish I might--"     Now the wine that Abner Brownell had taken, and the sense of his big win- ning in the Street, and the extraordinary lure of Anna Gage's beauty, combined at this moment to make him very in- cautious. He got up suddenly and leaned across the desk, there in the circle of light from the hanging lamp.  "Anna--" he said huskily--"Anna, if there's anything I own that you want, you can have it. You're the most beau- tiful thing in New York City, and I've simply got to have you."  "Why, Mr. Brownell!" cried Anna, startled, and realizing but hazily the full import of his words. "You mustn't say such things! You and I have been such good friends . . . and Mrs. Brownell comes to see me. You've been so gen- erous, so kind. Oh, I didn't think you were that sort of man!"  "That sort of man! That sort of man! Good Lord, Anna, there's only one sort of man, and that's the man who's human. You're too beautiful for us all! We simply can't stand it. We'd be more than angels if we could. And I'm no angel  He stretched out a hand and touched her arm, but she drew back. The man sprang around the table and caught her, crushing her in his arms.  "I love you." he said. "I can't help it I'm mad about you!"  Before he could kiss her, she managed to wrench herself free. She was both frightened and angry.  "Don't be absurd!" she warned, trying to conquer her excitement. Anna ab- horred dramatics, not realizing that she was herself the personification of drama. "You'd better go away. I think you've been drinking too much. Your success downtown has gone to your head. Don't do anything else that you'll be sorry for to-morrow."  "Sorry! You don't know me. Why should I be sorry? Come, Anna, cut out the theatricals."  "That will do." said the woman very coldly. "It isn't theatricals. I'm only