14 Her Groove   The red-eyed night clerk, who was not yet off duty, looked at her and chuckled as he glanced at a board covered with mystic signs: "Left word not to be called till eleven-thirty."  "Is she sick?" inquired the elderly in- génue.  "Not so's you could notice it," the clerk replied. "Stoppin' here?" he in- quired.  "Of course I am," Miss Peck snapped back.  "Sign there." He whirled the register at her. "Front?" he called.  "If you please," she agreed, with lofty detachment.  "Please what?" inquired the mystified clerk.  "A front room," she retorted. In the glow of her deliverance from bondage she almost hoped a "front" room was ex- tra-expensive.  The clerk stifled a laugh, and tossed a key to the grinning bellboy. "Four thirty-six," he ordered. "Any baggage, Miss?"  "I'm going out to buy some this noon," she assured him with dignity.  A desk telephone rang. He picked up the receiver. "Oh, three sixty-one--yes. Hold on a minute," he called after the new arrival. "It's Miss Fontaine-- wants her coffee in her room. All right. Say, tell Miss Fontaine that Miss Peck-- Miss Elizabeth Peck, of Mayfield--is here to see her. . . . Yes, I'll hold the wire. . . . Tell her to come right up? All right. . . . Front, show the lady to three sixty-one, and tell the floor maid to make up four thirty-six. Elevator to the right, Miss."  Both Thomas and his owner suffered from the sudden ascension. Had a stom- ach been permissible in an unmarried lady, Miss Peck would have clutched hers in squeamish terror.  She had hardly recovered from the shock when the bellboy knocked on a numbered door, which was opened by a negro maid. A flutter of blue chiffon, a     tousle of brown curls, and a flash of lace cap buried itself on Miss Peck's lean bosom. In her emotion Thomas was for- gotten, and his basket bumped to the floor, while the old maid's yearning arms closed over the slim shoulders that strained close to her.  "Mary Allen! Well, well. Mary Al- len!" she repeated over and over in a voice grown suddenly husky and sweet.  The girl threw back her head, tossing aside the concealing frills and curls and revealing a face the loveliness of which the faint traces of the last night's make- up seemed to enhance rather than mar.  "How good of you to come. How did you find me? I--I thought of going over to Mayfield to surprise you, but I couldn't, on account of the theatre. We're here only three days, and we're giving five performances." The words tumbled from her lips as she led Miss Elizabeth into the room, drew up a chintz armchair and climbed back into bed. "Oh," she continued, her face growing pink with earnestness, "I'm so gl[a]d you did come. I felt so mean that I hadn't written you. You don't know--it makes all the difference in the world. But, tell me all about yourself. How did they let you off?"  "They didn't," said Miss Peck, sud- denly reverting to her defiant manner. "John threw my bag out of the car win- dow. Lucky it wasn't Thomas--oh, where is Thomas?"  The broadly smiling maid laid the bas- ket on the bed.  "Thomas!" exclaimed Mary Allen. alias Margot Fontaine. "Not old Tom!"  "No, but the dead spit of him. It's his great-grandson, and very tame and affec- tionate, but just a mite nervous."  The girl dumped the offended feline on the bed and exclaimed in admiration: "Oh, Mattie, look!"  "Here's yer coffee, Miss." The serv- ant set the tray on the bed. "This is sorter early fer you-all. Yer better take it while it's hot."