28 The Charlatan    and-- God, Doc! The girl told the truth!"  In a small town like Tudbury, you can't keep a thing like that dark. Anna said she didn't remember what happened, except that as Mr. Gilchrist dictated, she found herself looking at the shiny paper weight; and then she felt rather drowsy, and thought she wasn't really paying careful attention to her employer's dicta- tion. Then, next thing she knew, she was on the couch in the first-aid room, and the girls were rubbing her hands and holding smelling-salts to her nose.  But Mr. Gilchrist said that Donald's life had undoubtedly been saved by the prompt arrival of the doctor at the scene of the accident. The boy's car had thrown a shoe, and, swerving, crashed into the telegraph pole. He was ter- ribly hurt; but he would be well again in time. But if he had been allowed to lie there in the road until picked up by some chance passer-by, he would assured- ly have died.  All this amazed Anna Polenka no less than it amazed her friends; and the repute of her exploit was a source of some embarrassment, because people came to her to ask for the benefit of her occult power for all sorts of reasons. Anna said she had no occult power; she didn't understand it any more than they did. She wanted to be let alone. She was not seeking publicity.  Privately, however, she became exceed- ingly curious. She wanted an explana- tion, and there was no one whom she could ask. She sought enlightenment in books, and was at once led into a literary labyrinth from which, as long as she lived, she never escaped. The bibliog- raphy of the occult is endless, bottom- less, and without horizon. But Anna was a good reader. In an infinite hay- stack of opinion, propaganda, theory, doctrine, and experience she found, here and there, an occasional needle of truth.  And, likewise, she learned that all who professed to exercise occult powers, who     claimed to tell fortunes, or in any way elucidate the unknown, were regarded as charlatans and humbugs.  Meanwhile, she went her way, pur- suing the even routine of existence to all outward seeming; but, having learned that, for certain types of mentality, it is possible to induce self-hypnosis through the fixed contemplation of some shiny object, she stealthily possessed her- self of a glass ball, and in the privacy of her room sought, through its means, to adventure into the unknown. The result was a period of unconsciousness lasting some time, which frightened her mother into a spasm and left Anna with a twenty-four-hour headache and a feel- ing as if she had been doing hard manual labor without rest.  However, there were times when she became what the books called "highly psychic." These came at irregular in- tervals. The manifestations were as quixotic as they were spasmodic.  She was invited to supper in the home of a neighbor. Directly in front of her stood a silver-plated sugar bowl. Anna suddenly touched the hand of little Molly Finney, who sat next her, and announced in sepulchral tones that Molly must be kept from school next day. The school- house caught fire on the morrow and some of the children had narrow escapes.  This is only one instance of a score. But when Sadie Sadlowitz came one eve- ning to the Polenka house and asked if Anna wouldn't please "go into a trance" and tell her why Moe Feingold had stopped keeping company with her, Anna gazed in vain into the crystal depths; and Sadie went home declaring that she didn't see nothing wonderful about Annie Rivers, and she for one would bet them stories about her being a clear voyn't was all bunk, so there now.  But the result was far different when Mrs. Irving van Sicklen, from the "se- lect" part of Tudbury, came to Anna's home in a limousine and told the girl