52 Dregs   But he had lived on, somehow, continu- ally conscious of his hurt, like a man with a limb removed. No matter how hard he fought the feeling, he knew that she had gone too deeply into his life ever to be pulled up and cast aside.  The streets were full of hurrying peo- ple, each intent on his own affairs, as if there were no deathbeds in the world. Was there any other by chance going to say good-by to a Rosemary who had for- gotten him long ago, and remembered only when the light grew dim?  He reached the house of the doctor's address, and hesitated a moment before it. It was a big house, gray and quiet. Massive stone balustrades guarded the balconies, and two bronze lions crouched at the steps. He did not think it was the sort of house a woman like Rosemary would choose; it was too solid and un- ornamental.  But when he had rung the bell and had been admitted by a shadowy servant, who seemed to vanish from the fore- ground without effort, he understood. The house was the cocoon-shell of a gorgeous butterfly. What a wonderful vision it presented, crowded with beau- tiful things from many lands and cen- turies! Long vistas showed him antique rugs, old Flemish paintings, perfumed incense burners, heavy Cordovan leather hangings covering the walls, hand-carved seats, evidently from old monasteries and cloisters; huge lanterns of antique Italian verd swung by brass chains from the frescoed ceilings.  Yes, Rosemary had loved beauty and mystery and wealth. Here were the tangible evidences of them. He stood and waited, awkwardly fumbling with his hat, beside a table inlaid with onyx intaglio, his feet on a Kermanshah stretched along the polished wood. He had never been in possession of more than one thousand dollars at any time in his life, the grim thought struck him here in the midst of luxury. Any one of these beautiful things represented a fortune.     The soft-footed servant came back to say the doctor requested that the gentle- man be brought upstairs to the sick room. Unostentatiously he relieved the gentle- man of his hat and led the way up the stairs, between massive dark balustrades. Every step showed Magnan further ex- clusive largeness of detail. Well, what- ever may have been Rosemary's inner life, certainly she had made a fine setting for herself, he reflected. And then he was standing on the threshold of such a bedroom as he had never even dreamed- of, looking across at the woman in the lace-draped bed. The doctor sat beside her; a rigid nurse in white stood opposite him. A rosy light seemed diffused from no tangible source, but it was shaded from the patient's eyes.  That figure on the bed filled his vision, became abruptly the one thing in the lovely, scented place. Rosemary! . . .  The doctor beckoned him without a word, then nodded to the nurse. She withdrew quietly. Magnan went breath- lessly over to the bed, looked down.  "She'll not recognize you--now. Been unconscious for an hour or so. I doubt if she rallies. But I thought perhaps you'd want to come." The doctor hesi- tated a little; he understood, and even his hardened perception felt the trem- bling tragedy of the gaunt, shabby man before him.  The face on the pillows was beautiful. A heavy, lustrous mass of dark hair swept away from a forehead creamy and clear-cut as a pearl; the long, black lashes showed startlingly against the colorless cheek, outlined as cleanly as the curved, narrow brows. Rosemary's features were ideally perfect, like some old cameo carved by a master who loved Greece. Nobody who loved her ever forgot Rose- mary's mouth--that warm, delicious mouth with its wonderful curves, its little trick of smiling one-sidedly. Oh, Rosemary . . . Rosemary!  He was down on his knees now, by the bed, and Doctor Parnell rose.