118 White Treasure    lance Po-Yanpen took prompt advan- tage. His knife flashed in the sunlight as he leaped at the back of his master. Happily, Fortune, in complaisant mood, overlooked the lapse of the American[.] As he struck at the engineer the Malay tripped and fell. Such was the force behind the blow that the assailant, unable to recover himself, pitched down at the other's feet, his curved kris burying it- self in the earth.  The American sensed his danger in- stantly. He turned and kicked the half- risen Po-Yanpen with such violence that he drove the Malay's body over the cliff and into the river below. At the same time, he whipped out his revolver and fired point blank at the other four com- ing at him. He missed Wan-Aman, to whom Po-Yanpen's leadership had fall- en, but he accounted for the next man, who went down with a bullet in his brain. Before he could fire again, Wan- Aman and the other two were upon him. His revolver was knocked from his hand and followed Po-Yanpen's body down the cliff. Wan-Aman cut him deep in the shoulder. The fourth Malay struck him over the head with a heavy ax, while the last one darted in from the side, seeking an opportunity to use his short dagger.  Thus menaced on all sides, though he had accounted for two of his mutinous and murderous crew, and was weapon- less before the other three, the engineer resorted to the offensive, characteristic of his temper and race. Before the man with the dagger could deliver a second cut. the engineer felled him with a ter- rific blow of his fist, and then, sustain- ing a second stab from the kris, the white man leaped at Wan-Aman. The now thoroughly frightened Malay strove to grapple with him. but the American lifted him up, and by a wrestler's trick loosening his grip, hurled him senseless to the rocks. The American then picked up Wan Aman's kris and made for the only one of the quintette of villains still     upon his feet. This fellow was made of sterner stuff. He braced himself for the shock and met it bravely. Two knives flashed in the air and the ring of blade on blade penetrated the dull ear of the Malay who had been knocked down. He grasped the American by the heel and the three men went down to- gether and rolled on the earth, confused- ly fighting and striking.  The woman on the high hill saw all this clearly. From the first leap of the striking traitor, against which she strove to warn the man of her race with that futile cry, to the last struggle in that confused mêlee, she had missed nothing Silent still, she watched with fixed look the white man rise triumphant at last only to stagger and crash down, ap- parently helpless, and lie still by the side of the men he had conquered against such odds.  So sudden had been the attack, so swift the battle, that only the presence of the bodies on the clearing convinced her of the reality of the same. When it was over, she could have cried aloud  For a moment or two she considered what to do. Her instinct was to fly, to ride back to her camp and bring help. But she discarded that idea as soon as it was formed. For one thing, it would take time. The white man had been alive a moment since. He might be alive now. If she waited, he might die. She must go to him.  She stared again but could detect no movement among the slain. They were all apparently dead or dying. With in- tent look she searched wood and bank and shore. No others appeared. She had, she thought, no interruptions to fear. She would go down to give what as- sistance she could, to find out what it was all about. She turned, called to her horse, mounted, and rode rapidly down the mountain side through the trees, picking her way skilfully over the trailless declivities and through the woods.