Cyrus Townsend Brady 121   He was a strong man, and a heavy draft from the well-filled flask gave him a certain temporary vigor. Her bandag- ing had been well done. The flow of blood was stopped. He did not try to walk; he must husband his strength. But he could crawl. Slowly he made his way to the shore. She had said two hours. He must make it in one. At all hazards, he must be away before she returned. And she would return quicker than she had promised; instinctively he realized she was that kind of a girl.  He had lost count of time when he reached the side of the boat in the creek. There lay his hardest task. He had to lift himself up and scramble aboard. He had scarcely strength to cast off the mooring. How he managed to hoist a scrap of canvas he could never tell. The current and the ebb both acted for him. The boat drifted out of the creek and was carried over the bar. The wind caught the rag of sail, and in a few mo- ments the little vessel was rising and fall- ing in the gentle waves of the mighty sea. Then, and not till then, did he faint dead away. He lay on the deck in a state of coma from which at first even the sud- den deluge of rain, which came squall- like across the hills toward the ocean did not arouse him.  In less than an hour and half the girl was back. With her were some of the men guides, packers and servants from her camp in the woods. The promised wagon was waiting on the nearest road, the men bore a rude litter hastily im- provised. The woman led them un- erringly to the clearing.  No one was there! The oldest guide looked at the woman inquiringly and a little incredulously. She could give no explanation. She was as much bewil- dered as the others.  "Air you sure you seen it all, jes' as you tole us, Miss?" he asked searchingly.  "Of course," answered the girl. "Do you think me a child? I saw, I tell you, and you know mv waist was gone."     "You sartin'Iy couldn't a' dremp that away," answered one of the others.  "I didn't. Look about. Search. He may have crawled away--" she began.  But the guide stopped her.  "Remember that squall o' rain that come down on us on the trail? It fell here, too, an' washed out every sign. Can't follow no trails now, Miss."  "It hasn't washed out this," answered the girl, plucking Po-Yanpen's kris from the ground and holding it up triumph- antly.  "Ain't never seed no knife like that a- one." said the old frontiersman, glancing at it. Then, examining it critically, he passed it on to others equally ignorant.  "But I guess you did see something," he continued. "We better take a good look around."  A search, lasting for hours, revealed nothing further, but the woman would not give it up until the approach of night made it necessary to return to her camp. She rode off full of the mystery, and but for the strange curved knife which she carried, thinking that she might have imagined it all.  Three days later the big freighter Cambodia, bound out from Seattle for Yokohama, via Honolulu, picked up a wounded, delirious castaway, alone on a small dismasted and water-logged boat which the experienced among her of- ficers decided had been originally a large square-rigged Malayan proa, or prau, popularly known as a kapal. There was no water and no food in the boat, noth- ing of value, in fact, and the man in his fevered condition could give no coherent or intelligible account of himself.  From his ravings they could gather nothing definite. He babbled of angels and devils, and of each without rhyme or reason.  II  Barbara LeMoyne was not alone in her realization of Longfield's peculiar at- tractiveness. To a handsome face and a