18 Her Groove    that shone and glittered on spangles and tulle, satins and sequins, reds, blues, greens--all the colors of the rainbow in prismatic showers. In the far corner a half-dressed girl stood before a kneeling colored woman, who deftly adjusted a too voluminous costume to the contours of the prospective wearer. The girl was pretty, with a coarse picturesqueness that fitted well with the parrot brilliance of her surroundings.  Miss Peck sighed with delight. Here at last was beauty, light, color, youth, all the things she had worshiped from afar with such longing. The shine of the artificial light on bare necks and arms, the gloss of rippled hair, with its keen high lights, the contrast of the maid's brown profile against the lemon yellow of a tinseled cape--it was Romance.  "You lookin' for Miss French?" the colored attendant inquired. "She ain't here yet. Blamed if she hasn't got the pip most of the time," she grumbled. "This show'll ditch if they don't get a wardrobe woman as sticks on the job."  "I'm here with Miss--Miss Fontaine," Miss Peck murmured.  The woman glanced at her surprised, nodded acceptance, and turned to thread a needle from an orange spool.  "Oh, there you are!" It was Mary's voice behind tyer. "I thought I'd lost you. What are you doing in the chorus dressing-room?"  "Oh," gasped Miss Peck, "ain't it beautiful? Ain't it beautiful!--I cud just set here forever an' see all them pretty things. I'd just like to tech 'an all with my fingers."  Mary Allen's face flickered with amusement and sobered to sympathetic earnestness.  "Why, I do believe you were born to be a wardrobe woman. Why, Miss Eliz- abeth, perhaps it's your groove!" She looked into her companion's ecstatic face, and her own saddened with memories. "And what a friend you'd be to them, Miss Elizabeth. Why you'd be a God-     send. you would, you and your dear, big goodness. I--we'll have to think about that. Why, you--you'd mother them all!"  With a tramping of feet on the stairs aud giggles at the door, the released cho- rus entered the dressing-room with a shy greeting to Miss Fontaine--blondes, bru- nettes, redheads, Pickford curls, and Dutch bobs; tall and "pony," glittering in their new "feature" costumes. Their young stir and bustle was like the noisy chittering of birds. If a contented hen could smile, her expression would doubt- less duplicate that on Miss Peck's face.  Regretfully she turned, threading her way amid the maze of "props" to the stage entrance, with its mail rack and the cubby of the guardian of wonderland. But even as she turned into the narrow entry, the door opened with a vicious slam. Silhouetted against the light, tall, gaunt, and menacing, stood John Peck.  "Well!" His voice boomed in the echoing halLl. "So, here's where you are! Disgracin' me, disgracin' yourself! Oh, it didn't take me long to find ye, when I heard that Mary Allen was here, mas- queradin' as 'Miss Fontaine.' I come in on the first train this mornin', and the hotel, they sent me here. And lemme tell you, I'll have no more of this!"  Mary Allen pushed past her friend and faced the intruder.  "John Peck," she ordered sharply, "go away and leave us alone." She glowed. "Miss Elizabeth's coming with me, and you'll not interfere with her--do you un- derstand!"  "I won't, won't I?" he jeered. "Let me tell you, Miss Fontaine--Mary Allen as was--let me tell you that I'll prove in court that you ain't no fit companion for my sister, no, nor any respectable female woman. Oh, you needn't think we don't hear nothin' down our way-- you an' your writer man--travelin' round the country with ye. Why, the first re- porter I asked at the News office, told me what everybody was a sayin'. I