26 The Charlatan   "Funny," said Mrs. Polenka. "I'd be feeling terrible, with all that's hap- pened." This to her husband, in one of those intimate after-supper kitchen col- loquies, when Anna was upstairs putting little Stanley (her father insisted that the name was Stanislaus) to bed.  "Do you want to feel terrible?" asked Polenka mildly.  "No, I don't want to, but seems I ought to, with the disgrace of that Steve and all. But with Anna and the baby here, I don't remember when I been so con- tented. We get along good."  "Well, you got a right. Something is coming to you, to pay for all you been through. If you can get any com- fort, I guess you're welcome to it. Any- how, we can't blame Anna. It ain't her fault she's unlucky."  "She's talking about a job."  "Maybe it would be a good thing to take up her mind. Only, she shouldn't think I ain't willing to take care of her."  "To-morrow she goes to see Mr. Gil- christ at the mills. She thinks maybe he will take her back."  "She's got courage, anyhow. Let her try it, if she wants to. I suppose she'd feel more independent."  Mr. Gilchrist was only too glad to have Anna back in his office. She was efficient and knew his work.  "It seems like old times, Anna," he said, "to see that shiny black head of yours around here. I'm sorry for--for your troubles, child; but I'm certainly glad to have you with me again."  Anna smiled.  "That's nice of you," she said. "Hon- est, it does seem good to be back. I was a little fool, Mr. Gilchrist. Now I've got to pay; but people like you make it easier for me. All the girls are good to me, and none of them said a word about--about anything. A few bad peo- ple don't make a bad world, do they?"  "No, Anna, they only make as appre- ciate the good ones."  "That's right, Mr. Gilchrist. You     want to dictate? Maybe you'll have to go easy with me a few days till I get back my shorthand. I guess I'm rusty."  For a while Anna Polenka settled into something like the routine of her pre- marital days--getting up, going to work, coming home again, the same as of old. Mrs. Polenka took care of the baby while Anna was away. The child was a plump, lusty little thing, dark like Anna, grow- ing splendidly.  Anna's acquaintances said she was not much changed from the old days. They did not mark the deepening of those mysteries in her dark eyes which they had never been quite able to understand. She was a little sobered by experience. Still only eighteen years old, she was mature in voice, in figure. Her touch had a certain accuracy; her decisions were prompt and firm.  "Anna's more efficient than ever," said Mr. Gilchrist. He was a fatherly soul, white-haired and rather benevolent, a business man of the old school, who be- lieved the employer ought to keep in personal touch with as many of his em- ployees as possible. Machinelike effi- ciency had never been introduced into the Tudbury Mills; yet they made money.  In the mill office, they called Anna Miss Polenka. This was by her especial request. She wanted to be back on the old basis as far as possible. It is not to be thought, however, that Anna was contented. Like a frog trying to climb out of a well, she had taken a one-foot jump and fallen back two feet. But she could see the clouds drifting across the blue disk of sky above the well's mouth. She was sitting quietly on a bit of driftwood, contemplating these clouds and watching how pleasantly the sun burnished their silvery edges. They looked very far away. It was no use making another desperate leap for free- dom. Better to wait quietly for a while. Fate might some day lower a bucket, in which she could steal a free ride to daylight.