86 A Sign of Death    of blade that the Knife Thrower had been wont to polish lovingly every night between shows; the sort of knife that could be tossed straight and true to any mark. The flown took it in his hand with a short hard laugh.  "It's one o' his," he said in a low voice, "one o' the ones he lost!"  Across the body of the girl the youth who had been one of the Flying Fol- lettes raised apprehensive eyes.  "Where'd you get it?" he half gasped. "What're goin' ter do with it?"  The Clown rubbed a finger meditative- ly across the sharp blade. It cut through the skin, and he stared almost stupidly at the bright red stain that crept out through the grease-paint. He did not seem to hear the question.  The youth was backing away from him, away from the girl; away, into the shadows.  "What--what 're you goin' to do with it?" he stammered again. It was as if he spoke against his will.  The Clown looked up from his cut finger--looked full into the handsome, weak face. And then suddenly all of the madness of a mad night leaped into his eyes.  "I said," he remarked in a voice that might almost have been a pleasantly con- versational voice--"I said that I'd like ter have somethin' in my hands so as I could kill yer. That's what I said. An' now--now I got it!" With infinite care he stepped over the still body of the girl.  He was a fantastic figure, there in the lantern-cut darkness, a fantastic figure with an unearthly grin painted redly across a chalklike face, and a white suit trimmed with dangling, black pompons. But to the youth there was nothing fan- tastic about him. There was only a pic- ture of horror--stark horror--in the clumsy garments and the glaring paint. The youth stood, quite frozen with fear, unable to take his gaze from the ad- vancing menace.  "My God!" he almost screamed "My     God, you wouldn't! Why--she loved me! She wanted me ter go first. An', anyway, I didn't know! My God! you wouldn't. . . !"  "Wouldn't I, though?" The Clown's face was very near the face of the other. "Wouldn't I--just!" With a sudden lithe movement one of his hands shot out, fastened itself on a carefully tailored collar.  "I'm goin' ter kill you!" he said softly, "but--"  The carefully dressed youth was try- ing to free himself from the firm hand-- the hand that was so terribly grotesque in its grease-paint. As he struggled he talked, in choking little gasps.  "They'll hear you," he jerked out. "Th' Snake Charmer's just aroun' that pile o' crates. So's th' Contortionist. There's others--near. They won't let you--"  "They ain't near enough," said, the Clown softly, "an' they'll never know what happened ter you. This here wreck has put so many good folks out that one sneakin' li'l rat won't matter--much." He laughed and raised the knife.  Suddenly from out of the darkness there came the sound of small hands clapping. As still as some carven group the two men stood--stood and waited. Then:  "Who's there?" asked the Clown brisk- ly. The knife was still raised high in his hand.  One scarcely associates a child with a circus, except in the role of an onlooker. But the child who stepped out into the flickering lantern light was a very real part of this particular circus, and he had been forgotten, quite, since the time of the wreck. A little, very blond kiddie he was, with wide eyes and a short, quiv- ering upper lip. He was the wardrobe woman's tiny son, and he was at once the pet and the dear responsibility of the troupe. Quite unconcernedly he spoke to the Clown.  "We givin' a show here!" he ques-