76 A Night at Jacqueminot's   "In just what way?--if you don't mind saying."  "The use of men, for one thing," she answered, in a low voice.  The pastor discreetly dropped his eyes and shifted a paperweight on his desk.  "In these big homes," she explained, "I get no social recognition, of course. I am simply a hireling, like a cook But if a woman has looks and a taste for dress--and without them she can't suc- ceed in my business--she often attracts the attention of young men. She receives cards and flowers. Occasionally she is clandestinely approached by these young men in the homes of their mothers and sisters. She is offered entertainment-- motor rides, dinners, theatres--above all, a good word in quarters where it will help her professionally. You will under- stand that to accept these attentions is playing with fire."  "I can easily believe it," murmured Doctor Hughes.  "Yet if a woman is strong--and skill- ful--she comes to no harm, in the con- ventional sense. I have used these men. I have been a good fellow, as they call it. I have drunk wine with them-- smoked cigarettes--danced in restau- rants. It was that or nothing, you under- stand. One is permitted to be good, in an elementary way, but not prudish. By all this I profited financially. In every other way I have lost. My self-respect has suffered. I am leading a double life. I am doing what I know appears evil to others. Doubtless many people think me --impure. Above all, I am deceiving my family. If my mother or sister could see me some night--" Her throat tilled.  Hughes gazed at his fair suppliant with supreme interest.  "This is certainly very distressing!" he exclaimed. "Just how necessary are these young men to your livelihood?"  "Without them I should make less money, and I don't see how I could make less and still keep afloat."  "Society is a tree that bears its most,     perfect fruit and its ugliest galls side by side--at the top," he murmured, drum- ming softly upon the table. "I suppose it has been so ever since the first man acquired two loinskins to his brother's one. Frankly, Miss Post, you put me in a quandary. I could tell you that you are a sinner; but I don't believe it. Of ccourse I don't approve of a woman's drinking wine or smoking cigarettes. But the truth is this: you are selling some- thing that is very precious to you, like a girl who sells her hair. Is it justitifi- able? The truth is--and we can't dodge the fact even though we hate it--neces- sity knows no law."  "I thank you, at least, for not handing me a stone and calling it bread," said she, with a plaintive smile.  "I wish I had the bread, though," he exclaimed wistfully. "There is One, you know, whom we can lean upon when we are faint. Millions do lean upon Him daily, my dear. Others, I must admit-- and some of the most finely attuned-- find it difficult"  "There is one other matter." said she, after rising to go. "It your music com- mittee knew what I have told you to- day I presume my place in your choir would be vacant."  "I will assume the responsibility for your staying." he assured her. "Mean- while, I shall not forget you. I am going to pray over this matter. And perhaps you will come to see me again."  "Perhaps," said she, accepting his hand.  V  A bad quarter of an hour followed for the pastor of Summerfield. Doubts of the wisdom of his course assailed him. Yet the next Sunday, when Miss Post's mel- low, throbbing contralto voice, in Gou- nod's "Green Hill Far Away," fell upon the congregation like rain upon a parched land, he leaned back in his tall pulpit chair, with dosed eyes, and was thankful