Henry Payson Dowst 25    who had given promise of the brightest future, was married to a ne'er-do-well. He had fooled Anna and all the rest, with his bank job and his big talk and his lies about thriftily saved assets.  "Too bad she didn't marry Joe Strick- land," said Polenka, sucking at his pipe. "A good boy. I hear he's gone away; but some day he amount to something, sure enough."  "Too bad. Maybe Steve learn a les- son from this and turn over a new leaf. He'd better. It ain't alone him and Anna he's got to support."  "What?"  "Sure. Anna told me yesterday."  "Young fools! Well, I hope Steve keep his job. If he does, all right. No more diamond rings, no more fine clothes. But children is a good thing sometimes. You know how it was with me, before I got married." The man puffed his pipe, thinking back across the years.  "Yes," said his wife. "A good thing you married right and got a family to support. You steadied down pretty quick, I'll say that for you."  "You take credit that you made a man of me, eh?"  "If Anna made so good a man of Steve, she would do well," said Mrs. Polenka.  But Anna did not do as her mother had done. Probably it was because she had inferior material to work on. Steve Rivers did not improve under respon- sibility. Instead, he went utterly to pieces. He was not the stuff of which men are built.  One night Steve failed to appear at supper. Next day it transpired that the bank missed some thousands of dollars in currency. The sensation created by news of this defalcation spread quickly throughout the little city.  Anna []ormed, almost theatrical in her distress. That unsatisfied mystery in her black eyes now became a sombre light of pain and protest. How she had planned and schemed to get away from     this atmosphere of boiled cabbage and shabby carpets, this barren life of com- monplaces; and the means she had taken to escape it had only thrown her back upon it, chained her more inexorably to it.  She had been as grossly betrayed as any deceived woman could be, married or not. A crimsoning shame flamed in her cheeks when she thought of going out into the streets of Tudbury, where her old friends would look askance at the wife of a felon, in quite as unbearable a man- ner as that in which they would have regarded the dupe of some village Love- lace.  But when Anna's spirit crept back from the blur of pain into the conscious- ness of that new being in the bend of her arm, she realized suddenly that here was the beginning of life for her. This realization was as yet chaotic, amor- phous, intangible; but it was there. She knew it meant fight, not alone for her- self, but for the boy. With what weapons was she to make war against an adverse fate? She doubted not they would be ready to her hand.  Anna Rivers was a good girl, large of heart, possessing a soul of fundamen- tal strength. The things life made her do in order to beat fate at its own game were done because Anna had, if any- thing, too much imagination. She was an essential strategist, an opportunist; and that she should take any unreasoned step was quite out of line with her nature. True, she had made a mistake in choosing a husband on this basis; but she must adhere to that philosophy of life which had come down to her with her olive skin and sombre eyes. Making a mistake of judgment does not invalidate the prin- ciple of judgments. It was simply that she must try again.  Having regained her strength, she de- voted herself for a time to the care of her child and to those simple tasks which were her share of the burden of house- keeping.