10 May Wind    here; there's no one in front but the enemy!"  "What's that ahead, then?" The sharp bark of rifles, the rat-a-tat of ma- chine guns, the boom of bursting gren- ades, and the yells, goans, screams, and shouts of hand-to-hand conflict came through the curtaining smoke in a mad jumble of savage sound.  "Damned if I know! We'd better find out!" They began moving their now rallied men back into it.  Suddenly they came upon it--a writh- ing mass of jeans-clad coolies, wild-eyed, their teeth bared in devilish, savage grins, their hands busy with the imple- ments of death, standing doggedly at bay before gray waves that broke upon them as a sullen sea breaks and recedes before a jutting point of land.  With the reinforcements the tide turned, ebbing back in a struggling, writhing fury, and soon the ground was clear again of all save the wreck that such a wave leaves behind it. Once the line was reestablished and the soldiers holding it steadily, the coolies, once more the wielders of pick and shovel, returned to the work of trench repairing, leaving the fighting to those to whom it be- longed.  The officers were puzzled. What had started them? What had injected that mad, fighting spirit into their yellow hides? What had caused them to make that swift, wild, wonderful stand?  "Hey, you, John!" The commanding officer addressed one of them when a lull came and they were busy again at the     tumbled earth. "What you fight for, hey?"  The coolie grinned foolishly.  "Him say fight. Him heap big man, alle same have Dragon's blood. Him say fight, we fight, sabe?" And he pointed to Kan Wong--Kan Wong, his head bleeding from a wound, his eyes glow- ing with a green fury from between their narrow lids, his long, strong hands, red with blood other than his own, still clutching his rifle with a grip that had a tenderly savage joy in it.  The officer approached him.  "Are you the man who rallied the coolies and held the line?" he asked shortly.  Kan Wong stiffened with a dignity to which he now felt he had a right.  "Me fight." he said quietly--"me fight, coolie fight, too. Me belong Dragon's blood. One time my people fighting men; long time I wait."  "You'll wait no longer," said the of- ficer. He unpinned the cross from his tunic and fastened it to the torn, bloody blouse of Kan Wong. "Off to the east are men of your own race, fighting-men from China. Cochin-China. That is the place for a man of the Dragon's blood --and that is the tool that belongs in your hand till we're done with this mess." He pointed to the rifle that Kan Wong still held with a stiff, loving, lingering grip.  And so, on the other side of the world, the Son of the Dragon came to his own and realized the dreams of a glory he had missed.   YOU may say what you please about Bolshevism, but it certainly has been a tremendous aid to conversation.