8 Studies in Saffron    rowed like moles, cutting galleries here and there, reinforcing them with timbers, and lining them with a stone which they made of dust and water. Many they cut, stretching far back behind the ever- present storm in front of them, while from that storm cloud, in swift and un- seen lightning bolts that roared and burst and destroyed their work often as fast as it was completed, fell death among them, who were only laborers, not sol- diers, as Kan Wong now knew those Foreign Devils in the strange and dirty uniforms to be.  As the storm roared on, never ceas- ing, it stirred the Dragon's blood in Kan Wong's veins. The pick and shovel irked his hands as he swung them; his palms began to itch for the weapons that the soldiers bore. Now and then he came upon a gun where it had dropped from its owner's useless hands. He studied its mechanism, even asking the Foreign Devil overseer how it was worked, and, being shown, he remembered and prac- ticed its use whenever opportunity of- fered. He took to talking with his fel- low-workers, some of whom had them- selves fought with the rebels of New China, who, with just such Foreign Dev- ils' tools, had clipped the claws of the Manchu Dragon, freeing the Celestial Kingdom forever from its crooked grip. He took much interest in these war im- plements. He became more intimate and friendly with his fellows, feeling them now to be brothers in a danger that had awakened the soldier soul beneath the brown of his coolie skin.  Little could he make of all the strife about him. All of which he was sure was that this was the Dragon's Field, and he, a Son of the Dragon, had been guided to it to fufil a destiny his forefathers had begun in the Yangtze Valley when with the "Hairy Rebels" they had waged such war as this. The flying death all about him that now and then claimed toll of one of his own kind was but a part of it; but all the time he grew to     hate his humble work and long for a part, a real part, in the fighting that raged ahead, where an unseen enemy, of whom he grew to think as his own, hurled destruction among them. Often he spoke of this to the gang under him, imbuing them with the spirit of the Dragon's blood that, eager to fufil its destiny, once more boiled within him.  Then one day the storm grew more furious. The thunder was a continual roll, and both from the front and rear flew the whining lightning bolts, spew- ing out death and destruction. Many a coolie fell, his dust buried under the dust of this fierce foreign land, never to be returned and mixed with that of his own Flowery Kingdom. Now and then came "stink pots," filling the air with such foul vapors that men coughed out their lives in the putrid fumes. The breath of the Dragon, fresh from his awful mouth, was wrapped about them in hot wrath.  Past them the soldiers streamed, foul with fight, their hot guns spitting vicious- ly back into the rolling, pungent gray fog that followed them malignantly. Con- fusion reigned, and in that confusion a perfect riot of death. On all sides the soldiers fell, blighted by the Dragon's breath. The coolies crouched in the heaped up ruins of their newly dug ditches, knowing not which way to turn; bereft of leadership since the Foreign Devil who commanded them was gone, buried beneath a pile of earth where a giant cracker had fallen.  Suddenly Kan Wong noticed that there were no more soldiers save only those who lay writhing or in still, twisted heaps upon the harrowed ground. The coolie crowd huddled here alone, clutch- ing their futile picks and shovels, grov- eling in helpless panic. Disaster had overtaken them. The Dragon was upon them, and they were unprotected. All about them in scattered heaps lay dis- carded equipment, guns, even the sharp- barking, death-spitting, tiny instrument that the soldiers handled so lovingly and