Henry Payson Dowst 33   cases elaborately carved. In the centre stood a great flat-topped desk, as solid as a mountain, and seemingly as antique. There were no pictures, for the walls were covered with dark-hued tapestries.  The only light in this apartment came from a curious, pierced metal lamp sus- pended from the ceiling by chains; and this lamp was so arranged that its rays fell mostly upon the desk top. When Anna Gage sat at this desk, one saw her face, quite vividly lighted against a background of half-penetrable gloom.  There were books on the desk and in cases near by, old books, many of them bound in leather already tattered, faded, like the integuments of a mummy. It was quite possible to read a book lying on the ancient desk; but in any other part of the room, the types were quite indiscernible.  In the exact center of the desk stood a globe of some translucent substance, perhaps four or five inches in diameter. This globe seemed to possess a certain iridescent, opaline quality, like a vast pearl, but with more vivid fires. It had about it something of "aliveness"; one could not think of it as mere inert solid. In it the rainbow colors seemed to ebb and flow, to swirl and sweep, like some restless, molten liquid; yet if you looked close, you could not detect this motion. It was an impression, fantastic, disturb- ing, and quite intangible.  Faintly, throughout the room, wafted an odd, mysterious odor, subtly sweet, suggesting a delicately fragrant smoke. Yet there was no censer, no occult-look- ing tripod or altar, no suggestion of Oriental rite or shrine. The odor came and went in gentle waves, now very noticeable, now almost imperceptible.  Anna Gage sat at her desk and slowly turned the leaves of a book. She looked very beautiful, very alluring, and there, in the carefully arranged light, the mys- tery in her great sombre eyes was deep- ened and enhanced.  A knock preceded the entrance of Miss     Brooks, the secretary, who laid a slip of paper on the desk. Miss Brooks was comely, simply dressed, the exemplifica- tion of absolute silence, absolute circum- spection.  "She may come in," said Anna.  Presently a young woman entered. She was weeping; more than that, she was frightened.  "Sit down, my dear." said Anna kind- ly. "You came from Mrs. Bird?"  "Yes, Miss--I mean, Missis."  "What did Mrs. Bird tell you?"  "I wint to her an' towld her I--I heered iv a Mrs. Gage that give people advoice, and did she know you. An' she said she did; an' she give me the note to you, so I come."  "Let me see your hand, please."  The visitor extended a reddened palm, at which Mrs. Gage looked intently.  "I see," she said.  "Yis, ma'am," replied Maggie.  Anna picked up the iridescent globe and set it on a little silken cushion quite close to the edge of the desk.  "Now, Maggie," she said, "look in there very carefully and tell me what you see."  Maggie shrank back.  "Oh, I don't dare; I don't dare." Nevertheless, she managed to fix her gaze on the colorful depths.  Anna laid a light hand on the girl's forehead.  "What do you see?"  Maggie's eyes widened; her mouth opened.  "My God!" she breathed. "It's Din- ny!"  "Anything else?"  "He's walkin', walkin', walkin'. An' thim that's wit' him is follerin' him, an'--"  "The woman--what is she doing?"  "There's no woman--glory be, there's no woman at all, at all!"  Anna Gage snatched away the globe and began to talk gently, kindly; and the excitable Maggie made reply. None of   [3]-L.S.