Louise Rice 115   Number Eight has some family re- semblance to Six and Seven, which is the reason I put it in here, to show you how carefully a graphologist must judge. My best regards  The resemblance is superficial. Note that there are no similar letter forma- ations. This particular specimen is a baffling one, and I have a suspicion that the personality is one of much reserve. Not that personality is accurately re- flected in writing, but that element of being, like sex, is sometimes hinted at, as it were, to an experienced eye. Note the suave, attenuated small letters which are perfectly distinct, and yet have their outlines cut down to the utmost sim- plicity. People who use that kind of a hand are more highly developed men- tally than they are physically or spiritual- ly. Not that any lack of physical health is indicated, but that the writer's inter- ests are not fixed upon matters which concern only the body. Neither is the spiritual nature greatly encouraged to function. This is a person of clear, ac- curate, rapid thinking power, who is not credulous, who is what is known as "hard headed," and who has very clearly de- fined ideas and convictions. An inter- esting personality, I am sure, but not especially magnetic, except upon a de- liberate intention of being so, or on those rare occasions when the emotions are stirred. That there is a capacity for deep and serious affection is indicated by the sloping of the writing rightward, and you can see that this specimen is inclined very sharply.  Speaking of affection, if you want to know how loving your sweetheart is, look at this matter of which way his hand- writing leans. Roughly speaking, we may estimate that the upright hand rep- resents the zero mark in emotionalism, from which each slight deviation right- ward marks a step onward. Handwrit-     ing which all but lies down upon the line represents the limit--the hysterical and neurotic.  An illustration of this unemotional type is found in Number Nine. Not,  It was simply  you will observe, that the handwriting is really placed at the zero mark, but that the effect of the writing makes it seem upright. This effect is partly due to the formation of the letters, which are plain and unobtrusive. This person lacks imagination; note the closeness of the dot of "i" to the letter, which is a sure sign of a practical and literal mind This writer does not believe in fairies, you may be sure--in fact, doesn't be- lieve in much of anything which cannot be demonstrated in words of few syl- lables. People of this type are very useful to the world; it is they who keep us sane and practical, and who provide us with steady and reliable and con- scientious workers.  I don't know about Number Ten-- I was a lovely []  really I don't. Once in a while an hon- est graphologist comes across a speci- men either intentionally disguised, or written when the hand was very tired, or in sickness, or in a fit of rage, which it is almost impossible to decipher. This is one of those. If I "read" the speci- men the way surface indications point. I'd say--inconstant, uncertain temper, disposition to be moody, some imagina- tion, a dry sort of humor, affections in- tense but unreliable--but I have a feel- ing that the specimen has been "doped." Maybe not. But if not, then it is a most unusual specimen indeed and I should need a hundred or so more words before I should be willing to stand by my diagnosis.