White Treasure 120    with more blood, at which she shud- dered, but did not release her hold.  Obviously he was in desperate case. She managed to force a few drops of liquor between his teeth, whereat he opened his eyes a moment, lifted his head a little, and muttered between his clenched teeth words which she caught, bending eagerly to listen.  "That damned--Po-Yanpen--betrayed --water--"  Then his eyes closed again and his head fell back upon her arm. She laid him down gently, picked up her Stetson hat and ran down the declivity toward the river. Fortunately, she soon came upon a little spring trickling from the rocks. She was so intent upon her pur- pose that she did not note certain dark objects being swept out to sea by the cur- rent. She filled the hat, which held water perfectly, so close was its texture, and ran back to the unconscious figure. Then she paused uncertainly. She had no first- aid packet or other material for dress- ings with her. Her hesitation was but momentary. She tore off the riding jacket, and then took off her linen waist. She did not stop to cover her bare arms and shoulders with the coat, but set im- mediately to wash and bandage the man's wounds, especially those in his head and shoulders.  She was rewarded by a complete re- turn to consciousness as she stanched the flow of blood and ministered to him. She was so busy over him that at first she did not notice his prolonged stare. When she became aware of it, she real- ized her appearance and, with a blush almost as crimson as the blood stains on the bandages, she laid his head down and resumed her jacket, buttoning it up to her throat. Then she spoke to him.  "I saw it all," she began. "You were splendid! How do you feel now?"  The man had not ceased to stare. He could find no words at first. The woman gave him another swallow of water and whisky and then he spoke.     "Are you angel or--" he whispered brokenly in bewilderment.  "Only a woman. What became of those men? Why did they attack you?" But the man closed his lips and made no answer. The woman waited a mo- ment and then went on:  "You can tell me all about it when you feel better. Now I am going to my camp to get help for you. Are you afraid to stay here alone?"  The man smiled faintly.  "I'm afraid of nothing--after all I've gone through," he answered. "You see--" Then his lips closed again.  "Exactly," said the woman. "I'll drag you under the shade of this tree, leave you this flask and this automatic, and be back in two hours with horses, a wagon or a litter and help--"  "The flask only. Keep your gun. You might need it."  "Why? Are there any more of those--" she began apprehensively, but he cut her short.  "So far as I know--you and I are the only living beings--in this world," he said.  She nodded, and then with an exhibi- tion of strength surprising in one of her somewhat slight build, she dragged him into the shade of the nearest trees and made him comfortable. As she rose to go, he feebly detained her.  "You have--have saved my life-- doubtless. Your hand," he said. When she gave it. he pressed it to his lips. "I may not be here when you come back, and that is for--thank you and--good-by." She completely misunderstood him. She looked at him anxiously indeed as she withdrew her hand and turned away.  "You'll be all right. I'll hurry back," she said. "Keep up your courage."  He watched her mount and ride off; when he lost sight of her, he listened till all sound of her going died away. No one must find him there. He must disappear as completely as the Malays had, though not in the same way.