Elmore Elliott Peake 79    seemed instinctively to recognize as an alien--he paused in his work, spread his puffy hands over a plush waistcoat, and waited, breathing visibly and audibly. He did not trouble himself to return Hughes' salutation, and at the minister's inquiry his eyes lit hostilely between their inflamed lids.  "This ain't a kindergarten," he grunted astlunatically. "We don't keep tabs on our girls. If young men want 'em, they ketch 'em at the alley entrance."  "May I ask if Miss Post played here last night?"  "What's it to you?" demanded Hogg cunningly.  "Never mind that," answered Hughes, pricked to anger. "You will learn in due time if necessary."  The note of authority in his voice- seemed to rouse the proprietor to a sense of prudence.  "No, she didn't," he answered.  "And you wish me to understand that you don't know where she is now?"  "If you want to know so bad, she's at the police station, corner Chestnut and Williams. They nabbed her Monday night, after the show.'  Hughes recoiled. It was Monday night's performance that he had wit- nessed.  "And you have left her all this time-- abandoned her--made no effort to bail her out?" he demanded indignantly.  Hogg's face went a shade darker. "What the hell is it to you?" he bleated in an angry falsetto. "You bet we don't bail none of those bare-legs out. They take their chances with the cops when they came to us. Now git out!"  Hughes, with an angry red in his cheeks, held his ground a moment. Then, realizing the futility of further words, he turned away.  "Mr. Kemp, this is a painful duty," he exclaimcd upon regaining the vestibule, touching his handkerchief to his brow. "To be frank, there are some things which Miss Post, rather than I, must ex-     plain to you. I regret to tell you that she was arrested here Monday night."  Valentine went white.  "Arrested! For what?" he faltered.  "Presumably for appearing in an im- moral cabaret act. She is now at the police station. I can easily bail her out, as a member of the Vice Commission, which is one of my functions, in the case of--of girls whom there is yet a hope of redeeming. I may say for your comfort, Mr. Kemp, that my faith in Miss Post's morality is just as strong as yours, and for that reason I will have her case struck from the docket. She has suffered enough already--and will suffer more when she learns that you are here."  "Perhaps she'd better not learn it," suggested Valentine, turning a pair of sick eyes upon the passing traffic.  "No--if you will excuse me. Perfect candor is the better way--the only way. But, to make it easier for both of you, I should suggest that you go to her apart- ments and await her there. I will not accompany her, but will prepare her, of course, for your presence there."  VII  How long he waited in Aline's little flat, to which the janitor doubtfully ad- mitted him. Valentine Kemp never knew. Over and over again his eyes made the round of a bowl of withered violets, a statuette of Venus with the Apple, a cozy-corner with green tapestry, hanging lamp, and tête-a-tête; through an open door, the brass rail of a bed, with a pair of white stockings hung over it; and, still farther on, the white tile of a bath- room. From the look upon his face they might have been mementos of the dead.  Then the outer door suddenly opened, and Aline stepped within. She at once placed her back to the door, in the atti- tude of an animal at bay, and transfixed