The Dark Pool  By Mary Barratt    SHE stood before the mirror, with uplifted hand tucking in a strand of hair, then dropped it to smooth an already creaseless gown. The face looking back at her was very girlish. Suddenly she realized this, drew closer, as if surprised. She was, in fact, very young, hardly more than a girl; but she had felt so much a woman. She blushed. Even then, half-consiously, she was aware that the blue of the dress, setting off the ivory of her shoulders and neck and the pale pink of her cheeks, was be- coming. A teasing thought leaped into her mind, unexpected, unwelcome. She ought to have felt this way the day she had stood before the glass at home, wait- ing to go downstairs to the strains of the wedding march--and she had not felt so at all. She had merely felt numb and unready. And now, in a tranquil twi- light, three years from that other twilit hour when she had married Monning and had come to spend her first summer here at the bluffs, for the first time she fell as she should have felt then! ... It was an absurd fancy. She tried to laugh it off, but her own voice sounded unnatural. All she could think of, somehow, was the casual, low refrain of Fresner, say- ing: "Do drop in and see the new water color to-morrow--and we'll have tea brewed over the fireplace, and talk." Surely it was a simple invitation; it might be even matter-of-fact, and yet-- The disks of pink in her cheeks widened.  Downstairs, in the large summer liv- ing-room, she saw her husband, his head bent over papers on the desk drawn into a corner. Through the window the low-      ering sun caught the streaks of gray in his hair. He looked so old just then, be- fore he glanced up. The twelve years' difference in their ages seemed present and potent. Looking at him, she could- n't help but recall the girlish vision her dressing-table mirror had given back. How old he was, and how young she was!  He turned from his papers and smiled placidly, not without a gentle affection.  "Going for a stroll?" he remarked as if to a child.  By this time she was toying absently with some sprays of blazing-star in a vase on the piano.  "I guess so," she returned languidly, readjusting the tall stems. Then, with a level glance at Monning, she added frankly: "Hendry Fresner has a new sketch. I am going to drop in to see it. and take a cup of tea."  "That's good. Nice young chap. Fres- ner." He turned to his scattered sheets on the desk. "Dinner's at eight, I suppose?" Why did he always put a tact of rou- tine as a question?  "Yes, I suppose so." she murmured; and, dissatisfied with her tone, walked over and dropped a hand lightly on the gray-streaked head. "The sun will be going down then. We'll dine on the piazza and watch it."  He seemed almost embarrassed. . . . What a funny fellow!  "Good!" he approved, and was en- grossed once more in the papers.  She went out--across the veranda, over the terraced lawn, down to the bluff which overhung the misty river. The   5-L.S 65