Henry Payson Dowst 45    from men--I think I could give him the names of several--to live on? What reason would anyone suppose could pos- sibly lead wealthy men to give a young and fascinating woman presents of five hundred, a thousand, three thousand dol- lars?"  "Oh, my God!" wailed Anna, cover- ing her face with her hands, and groan- ing under the lash. "Don't, Steve, for the love of Heaven, don't."  "Oh!" went on Steve coolly, "that isn't all. Of course all your fine friends would be greatly interested to know that you're the bunk. It would make a splendid Sunday feature--Wealthy Siren Fools Society with Phoney Psychics.' That has sort of a catchy jingle, eh? And what would our little son think of it?"  Rivers paused to contemplate the ef- fect of his words.  "It would be very easy to put people wise," he said. "I've managed to keep in touch with your activities for a couple of years now. That cook you fired three weeks ago was a clever girl; I got her from one of the slickest private detective agencies in town. Then there have been others--the cook was only one. It's cost me something; but I guess it will be worth it.  "You can be proud to announce that you're marrying Edgerly Raydon. I'm rather well known about this town; and no one's got anything on me, either. I've kept 'em all guessing for a good many years. There's been many a day I've worn a darn' stylish overcoat over my undershirt and a false dicky collar. But I got away with it. I'm something like you, only not so clever. I'm a good bridge player, and I've been pretty lucky with the horses. But I'm a useful chap, too. I've found out a lot of things about a good many people, and that sort of information is always worth money if you know where to locate your market. That's why you and I ought to--"  "Please, please!" begged Anna. "I can't stand it; it's too horrible."     "Well," said her visitor, "you take twenty-four hours to think it over. I'll drop in again to-morrow. It's really the only thing to do, you know. I dare say we should get on like old boots, once we became reacquainted with each other. We've such a lot in common, it seems to me. Goo'-by. See you again."  Anna Polenka Rivers stood by her great carved desk and contemplated the cryptic globe.  "You're a cruel, cruel thing," she said aloud. "You've always given up freely for others, but you've never told me anything. Why didn't you warn me? Why didn't I know this was going to happen?"  She thought of Joe Strickland, felt again his kisses on her lips, kisses she had generously returned.  "And I was another man's wife! Lord pity me! I told him I'd marry him; and I can't! All these years I've clung to respectability. All these years I've trained my boy to reverence what is right and good. And now, unless I take that beast back, and live with him, and help him with his blackmailing schemes, I become an unworthy mother, whom he'll hate, hate, hate! Why shouldn't he hate me? I've done nothing but deceive and cheat him all his life. He'd better have known exactly who he was from the first, and just what sort of woman his mother was. It wouldn't be so hard for him."  Again she gazed into the milky depths. "Monster!" she cried. "What harm have I ever done a soul that I should be treated like this?"  It would be but a short time before Steve Rivers would return for his an- swer. Anna had her decision to make.  "All I can do," she reasoned, "is to take him back. It will break Joe's heart; but I can't help it. The man's my hus- band. I can't have Joe. I'll have to take Steve and do the best I can. May- be I can keep him from disgracing us. Maybe I can make something of him.