6 Studies in Saffron    menacing, with a demon flurry of vicious speed, and short, squat funnels that belched dense smoke clouds. Within the town were many Foreign Devils, all dressed alike in strange drab uniforms; on the docks and here and there at other places they bore arms and other unmis- takable equipment of fighting men, which even Kan Wong could not but notice.  Verily, these Foreign Devils were a strange breed! What use had they for him and his coolie brethren! Where were they taking them across this un- known, unsuspected sea? How wide was the world, and what was the end of it, and then? Well, it mattered not. A fatalist by birth and centuries of breed- ing, Kan Wong faced the sea again, com- mitted to the adventure of his bond, as were they all. If they lived up to it, the Foreign Devils must live up to their part of it, as he was sure they would. His pay was mounting, the food was good and plentiful, and he was in the hands of fate. It would be a tale to tell his children some day when he returned to the broad Yangtze--children to whom he could hand down the Dragon's blood and a memory that they would revere and worship, now that he had the mak- ing of a worthy one in sight. At any rate, he had not stayed to rot as a coolie in the land where he should have been-- what he meant to be before he would return to it.  The gray ship moved out into a cold gray fog. With it were other ships as gray and as crowded, ships that crawled with men. strange Foreign Devils who clanked with weapons as they walked aboard. Again a waste of water, through which the ship seemed to crawl with a caution that Kan Wong felt, but did not understand. With it, on either side, moved those other junks--squat, men- acing, standing low on the horizon, but as haunting as dark ghosts. Where were they bound, this strangely mixed fleet? Often Kan Wong pondered this, but gave it no tongue to his fellow-passengers,     holding a bit aloof from them by virtue of his caste and the newly vested au- thority given him by the Foreign Devil a trust that he kept to the strictest let- ter. Though he saw not the purpose of keeping the men under him to a rigid and seemingly senseless routine, he was his master's servant for the time; he obeyed unreasoningly and commanded obedience from the coolies under him.  Again they neared the shore, where other boats, low-built and bristling with guns, flew swiftly out to meet them like fierce, ocean birds of prey. Now they skirted high, bleak cliffs, their feet hid in a lather of white foam; then they round- ed the cliffs and passed into a storm- struck stretch of sea through which they rolled to a more level land, off which they cast anchor. The long ocean jour- ney was finished at last.  There was a frantic bustle at this port, increasing a hundredfold when once they set foot upon the land. Men--men were everywhere; men in various uniforms, men who spoke various tongues in a con- fusing babel, yet they all seemed intent upon one purpose, the import of which Kan Wong could but vaguely guess. All about them was endless movement, but no confusion, and once ashore their work commenced immediately.  From the fleet of fire junks various cargoes were to be unloaded with all speed, and at this the coolies toiled. Numberless crates, boxes, and bags came ashore to be stowed away in long, low buildings, or loaded into long lines of rough, boxlike carriages that then went scurrying off behind countless snorting and puffing fire-horses to the east, always to the east and north. Strange engines, which the Foreign Devils saw to it that they handled most tenderly, were also much in evidence, and always, at all hours, the uniformed men with their bristling arms and clanking equipment crowded into the carriages and were whisked off to the east, always to the east and north. They went with much