92 The Eighth Devil    We can smile over it in others, but rarely observe it in ourselves. For instance, if I myself had not missed my train by in- sisting on getting exactly the magazine I wanted. I shouldn't have-- But that was destiny, of course. We were following Laurence Raeburn down a dim aisle, es- corted by a girl in a colonial uniform, to a seat in the mathematical centre of the twelfth row. He quailed at the glare of the ponderous man in the aisle seat, whose shirt-bosom creaked as he rose to let the late-comer pass. Hating himself, Raeburn slid by several silken knees, muttering an inanity of excuse. With- out removing his overcoat, he dropped into his vacant chair, eager to be incon- spicuous. Something soft collapsed un- der him, and a voice at his side exclaimed in wordless consternation. His ears burned as he rescued the mutt and mum- bled an abject apology. A sniff silenced him. He slouched in his seat, trying to catch the thread of the play. The stage was practically dark, except where a cel- luloid fire endeavored to look like a real one. He was intrigued, instantly, by the actor's voice that came out of the shad- ows--a pleasing, eager, earnest voice, talking breathlessly, making the sort of love that a man makes only once in his life--none of your usual rounded periods of stage courtship, but the stumbling, slovenly speech of a man who has for- gotten to listen to himself, who has for- gotten even thing in the universe except the girl who listens.  Raeburn found himself artlessly hop- ing the girl would be nice about it. He liked the invisible actor and wanted him to get whatever it was he could ask for like that. For a moment, it was curious- ly real. Then the lights went on and a crowd of shouting practical-jokers de- bouched on the stage, clamoring over the prank by which the man with the nice voice had been lured to the point of pro- posal on some silly wager. The unreality of it alienated Raeburn's interest. He looked carefully at the girl beside him,     her face visible in the glow of the foot- lights. He managed this without turn- ing his head, and his oblique eyes were fairly trapped by hers--so fairly that for an instant the two glances clashed and clung accusingly. Then she smiled, and he had an absurd sense of relief.  "Why, it's Mr. Raeburn!" She spoke under her breath, as if his presence were a remarkable phenomenon of nature. Raeburn recognized her now. He knew her father and mother remotely, and he had seen her too, perhaps a dozen times in his life. What was her name, now? Bess or Tess or Jess? Some ridiculous diminutive, anyway. No, Les, that was it. Short for Leslie, probably, or some other exotic name. Just like Mrs. Paul- ding to choose something fanciful.  "How do you do, Miss Paulding?" He had resumed a whispered apology when she silenced him with a sharp h's's't as faces turned impatiently toward the dis- turbance. He relapsed into abashed si- lence, but now, instead of following the- counterfeit glimpse of life on the stage he studied her, protected by her frank absorption in the play. She was certainly charming. Odd that he hadn't noticed that curve of the cheek, or the way the lashes lay along it. Pretty teeth, too . . . and that trick of opening her mouth when she laughed . . . little bars of light in her hair. . . . He was suddenly aware of a monstrous desire to lift his fingers to the softly lustrous mass of it.  The curtain fell and rose and fell. Then lights and an annoying orchestra, which dimmed suddenly into a remote background as she turned to him.  "How did you get that seat?" she de- manded abruptly, her eyes lighted and alert "It's the strangest thing."  He told her, wondering a little, was informed, breathlessly, that ticket he had bought had been dropped on the pavement as her father left their car. He had meant to turn it in at the window, because the fourth member of the party hadn't been able to come