42 The Charlatan    you understand how I knew about the house, and the . . . girl . . ."  "Anna," said Strickland, "what are you doing here, playing this faker game--" "Don't, Joe," she cried pitifully. "Please don't! That's the one thing you could say to hurt me most--because, it's true!"  "Brownell said you were the most re- markable woman in New York, and the cleverest."  "But not the most honest, did he? Yet --what did I tell you about your rail- road? Was it money you wanted? I don't remember just what I saw in the globe--I seldom do."  Joe looked incredulous.  "You said to go back home and get my money there. I think it's good ad- vice, whether it's what you call ‘psychic' or not. I'm going to follow it. I've al- ways felt suspicious of those chaps I've been dickering with." Then, after a pause. "Say, Anna, what ever became of Steve Rivers?"  "Dead, ten years ago."  "Who's this Gage?"  "There isn't any; never was. I took the name because I wouldn't use Rivers any more. I brought up my boy--"  "Your boy?"  "He's twenty now. He's an engineer. He's made good, Joe, even at his age. And he's all I've got and all I've worked for and all I have to look forward to. He's going to China in a few days, Joe. I guess you don't know what that means."  Never had Anna Polenka's usually discreet lips been open as they were at this moment, never her tongue so loos- ened. All the hardships, the struggles, the heartaches and humiliations of those twenty years came surging forth, and she recounted many of them to the lis- tening man.  "Well," he said, "all I've got to say is, you've had a darned tough time, I al- ways told you that Steve was a bad lot. though. See what a pile of trouble you'd     have saved yourself if you'd married poor Joe Strickland."  "That's not kind, Joe."  "I suppose not. Well, you know what I said a few minutes ago? I've always loved you--love you to-day as much as ever. You've fought your battle and won it. It isn't for me to quarrel with the weapons you use. I guess they were the ones God gave you, and you'd have been a fool not to use them. Now will you go back West with me?  "I know you, Anna; you like the easy things of life. You wanted 'em when you were only a kid. I don't blame you --didn't then. I could have given them to you, after a little, but you didn't think so. All right, you've tried your way. Try mine. I'll guarantee it to work." He stopped, and looked into the great dark eyes with a hopeful confidence.  "Let's understand each other," said Anna Polenka. "Don't think me cold- blooded, Joe. I'm fond of you, and al- ways was. I did make a mistake when I gave you up for Steve. But, in spite of the problems I've had to solve, in spite of my love of luxury and the things money will buy, in spite of the fact that I've been what you call a humbug--at least partially--and what some others might call something of an adventuress, I'm a good woman! People can say what they know to be true of me--I'm some- thing of a mystery, even to my best friends, and perhaps to myself as well-- but they can't say I'm not good, Joe.  "So, when you say you want me to go back west with you, just what do you mean? Don't think I've hardened, Joe dear! I haven't! But, oh, Joe Strick- land, I've had to protect myself so long--"  Strickland got ponderously to his feet and picked Anna up bodily, setting her on her own big, carved desk.  "For goodness sake, Anna!" he growled. "Is that the kind of man you think I am? Well, I'll tell you right now, you don't have to protect yourself from