Henry Payson Dowst 35    gone when Miss Brooks presented her- self once more.  "It's the collector from the butcher," she said quietly. "He's asking for a check."  "Oh, Brooksy, what shall I do?" said Anna. "My bank account is down to almost nothing, and I shan't have a re- mittance from the estate for another week. Be a nice girl and wheedle him for me, will you? And have him send up some ducks; I'm simply crazy for duck. Do it for me, Brooksy--then you'll be a duck, too."  The discreet Miss Brooks withdrew, silent, unsmiling. Anna did not know, or care, by what method she persuaded the butcher to increase still further the amount of her indebtedness; but there was the desired duck for dinner that night.  Anna Gage, being made ready for bed with the deft assistance of her maid, pondered the problems of life, which were now mainly financial.  "Well," she thought, "I've been in a hole before and pulled out. I guess this one won't be any exception."  In another fifteen minutes she was sleeping the sleep of beauty in a fairy bed, overhung with a canopy of satin, daintily figured with scenes from a cer- tain Shakespearean classic, the theme of which was mainly concerned with the ad- ventures of a justly famous goddess.  VI  Mr. Abner Brownell, millionaire, clubman, turfman, speculator--he was called all these things by turn in the society columns of the various Sunday papers--sat in his office not far from Wall Street and read the morning Times. The market was quiet. The "raids," in which Mr. Brownell was quite deeply interested, were doing almost nothing. The country was prosperous, dividends were being paid with tiresome monotony, labor was tractable.     "The devil!" mused Abner Brownell. "A chap might as well shoot craps with the office boy as try to get any fun out of this market"  He lighted a cigarette, placed his feet on his desk, and occupied his mind in trying to decide whether he would take a night train for the New Brunswick moose country, or a coastwise ship for Cuba and the big Havana cattle show, where he knew there would be some ex- cellent racing.  The telephone claimed his attention.  "Who is it?" he demanded lazily.  "Mrs. Gage," replied the girl on the desk.  "All right. Hello, Anna Gage. How are you?" A pause. "I can't believe it. Things down here are as quiet as the place where Mr. Gray wrote his ‘Elegy.'" More pause. "Who is it, Belcher and that crowd, do you suppose? Just like 'em. I didn't think they'd have the nerve, so soon after--" Still further pause.  "If you'd ever fooled me before, I wouldn't stir; but you've been such a brick-- Doesn't seem possible anything should start in this market. . . . You say you feel it very strongly? Well, Anna, you know me! I was just bewailing the fact that things were so dull. Awfully obliged. Here's where I get busy. See you in a day or two. Good-by, Anna."  The languid Mr. Brownell was from this moment transformed into a demon of energy. In a twinkling, the placid at- mosphere of his office was charged with the crackling currents of a tense ac- tivity. The telephone became excessively busy. Office boys scurried madly. Clerks tore around like wild animals in cages. Brokers began to come in for orders and go out again.  Abner Brownell sat in his private of- fice and glued his eye on the ticker tape as it came chattering from beneath its glass housing.  "By George, the little woman was just in time!" he cricd softly. "She certainly did hit it, bless her heart! Another two