90 The Eighth Devil    rated with blind rage, his mother's calm, dispassionate answers in the lulls of the storm. He remembered, too, glimpses of Kent Raeburn's face after those periodic debauches of emotion--the friendly, smiling eyes glazed and dilated, the sun- browned cheeks puffed and reddened, the sensitive lips distorted. ... It was like drink, like a gentleman whose cups have wakened and brought to the surface the brute and the cad. Larry Raeburn had reason to hate the thought of jealousy, to shun the first hint of its presence in himself.  There had been one plain-spoken inter- view on the topic between father and son. Larry was a man grown then, and his mother had been dead for three years. His father, with the touch of death gray- ing his face, had managed to lift the veil of a man's reserves for a brief moment, that his son might look past it into the hell inhabited by the jealous--that self- heated pit of torture and degradation into which he had descended.  "It's a disease. Laurence; a disease and a vice in one. It's progressive. Every time one yields to it makes the next at- tack worse and hastens it, too. You may have inherited it--"  Larry Raeburn could not help the em- phatic shake of his head. It was un- thinkable that he should have inherited the faintest taint.  "You think so, because you haven't faced the situation yet. You can't be jealous, in my way, unless you care, care like the devil. You don't care that way. When you do, you'll understand what I've been through. But if you keep a grip on yourself, if you don't yield the first time--"  "I won't." Larry spoke quickly. He hated the topic. His father was dying, and he wanted a different memory of these last days.  They never recurred to the subject. Kent Raeburn died, and his son followed him to his place at Mount Hope, con- scious of a sudden solitude, a feeling that     he was alone in a world of enemies with none to stand at his back.  He went on with his life, however, al- most as if there had been no change. The same old, sun-enfiladed Georgian house, the same familiar servants, the same or- dered routine, provided a slow anodyne for the consciousness of loss. He was distracted, too, by the sudden need to step into Kent Raeburn's place in the business in which, till now, he had been a rather condescending lieutenant. The job of management impressed him with a tardy respect for his father. Kent Rae- burn had made it seem easy to keep the ramified structure in order; his son found it an absorbing, exigent affair Gradually, however, he fitted himself for the new demands upon him, acquired something of his father's seemingly cas- ual case in controlling his affairs. There was a little leisure again--evenings when the pressing problem of some business issue did not provide him with mental occupation, occasional holidays, a steady widening of his horizon so that he be- came conscious once more of its empti- ness, began to feel the need of human contacts to replace, in some measure, those that had sufficed.  He had few friends and no intimates. College had failed to bring him the usual array of happy comradeships; later years had been dedicated to business and books. He belonged only to his father's old club, for which his name had been proposed the day of his birth, and to a rather in- discriminate college alumni association which maintained the semblance of a club. He never visited either. If he had formed the usual commonplace friend- ships, he might have schooled himself better against his unsuspected weakness. The congenitally jealous can feel almost the same hot hatred of sharing a good friend that maddens them at the hint of sharing love. But Larry Raeburn never tested himself.  He had shunned what social outlets opened before him. Empty chatter over