Thomas Grant Springer 9    so gently when it was not in action. But those who manned the weapons had passed on, back through the thick curtain of smoke that hung between them and the comparative safety of the rear.  Kan Wong's eyes were ahead, striv- ing to pierce the pungent veil that hid the enemy. Suddenly his keen eyes noted them--the strange uniforms and stranger faces, ducking forward here and there through the hell of their own making. The blood of the Dragon within him boiled up, now that the enemy was really near enough to feel the teeth and claws of the Dragon's whelps. This was the hour for which he had lived. This was the Taiping glory come again for him to share. Reaching down, he picked up the rifle of a fallen soldier, fondled its mech- anism lovingly for a moment, and then, cuddling it tenderly beneath his chin, his finger bade it spit death at the misty gray figures crawling through the grayer fog in front. . . .  When the magazine was exhausted he filled it with fresh clips and turned with the authority he had always wielded, and a new one that they instantly recognized, upon his shivering countrymen.  "What are ye?" he yelled with with- ering scorn. "Sons of pigs who root in the dung of this Foreign Devil's land, or men of the Dragon's blood? Are ye the scum of the Yangtze River or honor- able descendants of the Hairy Rebels? Would ye avenge your brothers who have choked to death in the breath of the stink-pots that have been flung among us? Will ye let escape this horde of Foreign Devil enemies who have hurled at us giant crackers that have spit death, now that they are near enough to feel how the Dragon's blood can strike? Here are the Dragon's claws!" He waved his bayoneted gun aloft. "Will ye die like men, or like slinking rats stamped into the earth? All who are not cowards--come!" He waved the way through the smoke to the gray figures emerging from it.     The Chinaman is no coward when once aroused. Death he faces as he faces life, stoically, imperturbably. The coolies, reaching for the nearest weapons, fol- lowed the man who showed the Dragon's blood. Many of them understood the use of arms, having borne them for New China. Death was upon them, and they went to meet it with death in their hands.  Kan Wong dragged up an uninjured machine gun, the crew of which lay dead about it. Fitting the bands of cartridges as he had seen the gunners do, he turned the crank and swung it round on its revolving tripod. Before its vicious rain he saw the gray figures fall, and a great joy welled up in his breast. He sig- naled for other belts and worked the gun faster. Round him the coolies rallied; others beyond the sound of his voice joined in from pure instinct. The gray figures wavered, hesitated, melted back into the smoke, and then strove to work around the fire of the death-spitting group. But the Dragon's blood was up, the voice of the Dragon's son cheered and directed the snarling, roused whelps to whom war was an old, old trade, for- gotten, and now remembered in this strange, wild land. The joy of slaughter came savagely upon them. The death that they had received they now gave back. In the place the white men had fled, the yellow men now stood, descend- ants of the Taipings, as fierce and wild as their once Hairy brothers.  Meanwhile, behind them the retreating line halted, stiffened by hurried rein- forcements. The officers rallied their men, paused and looked back through the smoke. The line had given way and they must meet the oncoming wave. Quick- ly reforming, they picked their ground for a stand and waited. The moments passed, but no sign of the victors.  "What the hell is up?" snarled one of the reinforcing officers. "I thought the line had given way."  "It has," replied the panting, battle- torn comirtander. "My men are all back