Ethel Watts Mumford 13    was to be. It included a bottle of Mary Garden perfume. All her practical, everyday belongings were neatly stored in the attic. The new suitcase would contain only what necessaries could not be dispensed with, for her entire ward- robe was to be new.  Having completed her toilet, closed the bag, made a tour of inspection of each speckless chamber, she picked up the purring cat from its accustomed cushion, soothed its reluctant introduction into the shining traveling basket, secured all windows and doors, locked the kitchen door on the outside, and, without a sigh or a backward glance, walked calmly down the village street. Boldly flaunt- ing the blue foulard in the place of ex- pected weeds, she deposited the keys in the office of Mr. Smith, promised to write as soon as settled, committed what appeared to be a major operation in con- cealing the large roll of bills which her lawyer counted out on the worn rose- wood table, and betook herself to the Commercial House for her last meal in Mayfield.  Eight o'clock found her installed in the train, answering with matter of fact gen- tility the questions of the friends gath- ered to see her off. John had not ap- peared, and she began to hope against hope that her departure was to be merci- fully ignored by her indignant relative. But such an easy evasion was not to be hers. John Peck had timed and planned his appearance. He blustered in just as the cars shocked together with the first jar of departure. Snatching up the new suitcase, he sent it flying through the open window, narrowly missing the heads of the assembled villagers gath- ered on the platform. Instinctively Miss Peck snatched the cat-basket to her breast, as her brother seized her roughly by the arm and jerked her from the seat with the intention of rushing her down the aisle and off the train.  But not for nothing had she foreseen this day and assured herself a protected     escape. As her resisting little body was propelled toward the platform, the con- ductor and Mr. Elisha Smith, attorney- at-law, arose to interfere, and they were not without a sympatlietic understanding of Miss Peek's feelings.  "Upon what authority?" demanded the lawyer.  "John Peck, get off this train," snarled the conductor. "You ain't got no call to interfere with your sister. She's free, white, and twenty-one, ain't she?" He reached up to the bell cord, and the train jarred to a stop. "Put him off, will ye, Eli?" he growled. "This train's goin' somewhere, and she's on her way."  Protesting and furious, John Peck was hustled to the ties. The guard gave the signal, the train moved on.  Flustered and red, her neat bonnet rakishly awry. Miss Peck sank again into the red velvet seat.  "Well, Thomas," she laughed excited- ly, "we're off." She laughed again, the words had such a sportive sound. She repeated them as she stroked the wild- eyed cat. "We're off!"  With unabated relish, she traveled through the night, changed at a musty junction, and eventually arrived at her destination in the pale dawn hours. She sat in the station waiting-room, wonder- ing at its immensity, at the people, at the number and speed of the trains, at the news depots, the restaurants, the cab stand. It was all new and of absorbing interest. At half past seven, when she judged it would be safe to assume that the day was well started for everyone, she called a cab. consulted a newspaper clipping, and directed that she be driven to the hotel. Arrived at its carven por- tals, she was dazed by its magnificence. A liveried doorman possessed himself of Thomas's basket, and she entered the halls of splendor. She was quite self- possessed, however, when she stepped up to the desk, and with assurance sharp- ened by anxiety, demanded to see "Miss Margot Fontaine."