THE LAST PHARAOH 79 I had become whole. For countless hours he amused me with his pleadings of love, and then in a gay mood he would dance and sing the most ridiculous songs till I was weary with laughter. Oh, you should have heard him," she insisted. "And he has left?" "None ever leaves this castle of death. Some spy must have overheard us and re- ported it to Karamour. I never knew, or bothered to ask. One day he disappeared --that was all." The calmness with which she spoke the words horrified me. "So you must not be shocked if I use the slang of your country." "On the contrary, I would like it," I answered dryly, aware of a vague fear of this weird creature. THE gray shades of eventide had now stolen across the sky. Already could be felt the first cool breeze that an- nounced the quick coming of the tropical night. High above us in the spiral bel- fry, the evening bells were tolling the lonely hour of dusk. My last answer had pleased the royal beauty, and she now leaned slightly to- ward me. Her curving body glowed with the flaming warmth of Africa. Her love- ly face was temptingly close to mine. The fragrance of a delicate perfume was waft- ed toward me. A soft sigh escaped her perfect lips; and then, with a thrill that burned like dancing flames, her ivory fin- gers ran through my hair. "I am going to like you," came the soft whisper. "I am going to like you very much, and you will quickly learn to care for me. We will have wonderful hours together--just you and I--wonder- ful, happy hours. I must leave you now, but carry your memory with me always. Karamour departs at sunrise for a three- day inspection of the desert tribes, taking his savage raiders with him. There will be but a few slaves left at the castle. Only some faithful servants whose tongues are ever silent--and ourselves!" Her voice was eager, expectant. ‘‘Tomorrow night, when the moon hangs low over the waters, I will have Zena bring you to the beach, where I will be waiting. Will you come?" Like one entranced, I could but nod. "I will instruct the slaves to allow you complete freedom, Mr. Bryant," came her clear voice, as she rose. "You will be at liberty to come and go from the gar- dens as you choose. Tonight Karamour will send for you, but have no fear. I have seen to your safety." At the doorway the enchantress turned suddenly, in a reckless wide-eyed manner. "Remember then," she whispered eagerly. "Tomorrow night on the beach --we meet--alone--just you and I. And when we do-" A snap of her fingers, the roll of her eyes, accompanied the next two sharply accented words: "Oh, Baby!" 14. The Justice of Karamour Early that evening I had taken my solitary watch upon the tiny balcony that gave a view of the lighted yacht in the harbor below. The one forlorn hope of freedom depended on my vigilance, but long before the appointed time set by the Russian as his hour of departure, the hideous Usanti had come to escort me once more to the throneroom. In the great reception hall lolled some fifty Arab henchmen of the Pharaoh, grim and silent in the shadows of the pillars. But these richly robed men were all chieftains. Plainly, some important meeting could be expected. Their dark eyes watched my every move with an ominous silence. The Princess Atma had told me that I might expect a summons to the throne-