RAIDER OF THE SPACEWAYS 61 "Can--un--der--stan'! Can--un-- der--stan'!" Thona touched his arm. "He--it-- says he understands!" Kenworth was not so sure. "I don't know. Some automatic reflex of repeti- tion, perhaps," he said, shouting to make himself heard above the tumult. Sudden- ly the bellowing changed. "No--rep--i--ti--shun! Can--un-- der--stan'!" "Ye gods!" Kenworth said. "The thing's intelligent!'' And yet--why not? On Mars plants had evolved, under careful training had shown faint gleams of intelligence. And certainly there was a tremendous gulf be- tween an ordinary plant and this incred- ibly developed plant-monster. Kenworth realized abruptly that he had seen no animal life on the Night Side. Free from the vegetable kingdom's natural enemies --grazing animals, destroying mankind-- why could not a plant develop through the eons into an intelligent creature, just as man had evolved through uncounted millenniums? And the thing unquestionably was in- telligent. The hooting died away, and in the silence Kenworth increased the bril- liancy of his light-tube. Again came that thunderous bellowing. "No--no--no--no!" The lids protecting the thing's eyes twitched. Strong lights, to this being of eternal night, was painful -- naturally enough. Kenworth adjusted the light until it was a very faint glow. He said, "How is it you speak our language?" Surprizingly, the thing shouted, "Tel- epathy!" "What?" Kenworth could scarcely be- lieve his ears. This amazing monster of an alien planet! "Read words--in mind--Kenworth mind -- Thona mind -- pictures-- words--" Thona said to him, "But we don't think in words, Dal. We think in pic- tures." "No, Thona. You're wrong. Really our thoughts are a combination of words and images. This thing seems to be read- ing the words in our minds, and seeing our thought-images, seeing what the words stand for! It's possible--indeed, the only way true thought-communication can be established. Those N'yok scien- tists told me-" The bellowing roared out again. "See word-sounds -- pictures -- yes. Under- stand." "See, Thona?" Kenworth said. "It's fantastic--but scientifically logical." He turned to the plant-creature. "What are you? I mean--what sort--" He stumbled, paused, and the shouting inter- rupted him. "Plant--no. Evolved plant--yes. Lived here always." Kenworth asked curiously, "Are there many of you? Do you mean you've lived --always?" Arbitrary time-designations would mean little to the creature, he thought. But the plant caught his meaning. "Not--like this. Not many--no. Grow --grow--" The thundering voice paused, apparently puzzled. Then it re- sumed. "Other plant--you saw. Me. Part of me. Born--born--rooted to me. I--die, yes. It lives, has--babies." Thona could not repress a giggle. Even Kenworth chuckled. Babies! Yet that was the thought the plant had read in the humans' minds--babies, indeed! Yet Kenworth realized what the crea- ture meant. The first plant-thing they had seen was the offspring of the great plant -- connected, apparently, by an underground root. In time the mother plant--if one could use that term of a sexless, or rather bi-sexual vegetable--