118 WEIRD TALES flush on his face. "To mix the plaster, you fool!" he cried. "To mix the plaster that will save our bodies and souls from a contamination unmentionable. To mix the plaster that will save the world from --Frank, they must be kept out!" "Who?" I murmured. "The Hounds of Tindalos!" he mut- tered. "They can only reach us through angles. We must eliminate all angles from this room. I shall plaster up all of the corners, all of the crevices. We must make this room resemble the interior of a sphere." I knew that it would have been useless to argue with him. I fetched the step- ladder, Chalmers mixed the plaster, and for three hours we labored. We filled in the four corners of the wall and the inter- sections of the floor and wall and the wall and ceiling, and we rounded the sharp angles of the window-seat. "I shall remain in this room until they return in time," he affirmed when our task was completed. "When they dis- cover that the scent leads through curves they will return. They will return rav- enous and snarling and unsatisfied to the foulness that was in the beginning, be- fore time, beyond space." He nodded graciously and lit a cig- arette. "It was good of you to help," he said. "Will you not see a physician, Chal- mers?" I pleaded. "Perhaps--tomorrow," he murmured. "But now I must watch and wait." "Wait for what?" I urged. Chalmers smiled wanly. "I know that you think me insane," he said. "You have a shrewd but prosaic mind, and you cannot conceive of an entity that does not depend for its existence on force and matter. But did it ever occur to you, my friend, that force and matter are merely the barriers to perception im- posed by time and space? When one knows, as I do, that time and space are identical and that they are both deceptive because they are merely imperfect mani- festations of a higher reality, one no longer seeks in the visible world for an explanation of the mystery and terror of being." I rose and walked toward the door. "Forgive me," he cried. "I did not mean to offend you. You have a superla- tive intellect, but I--I have a superhuman one. It is only natural that I should be aware of your limitations." "Phone if you need me," I said, and descended the stairs two steps at a time. "I'll send my physician over at once," I muttered, to myself. "He's a hopeless maniac, and heaven knows what will happen if someone doesn't take charge of him immediately." 3 THE following is a condensation of two announcements which appeared in the Partridgeville Gazette for July 3, 1928: Earthquake Shakes Financial District At 2 o'clock this morning an earth tremor of unusual severity broke sev- eral plate-glass windows in Central Square and completely disorganized the electric and street railway systems. The tremor was felt in the outlying districts and the steeple of the First Baptist Church on Angell Hill (designed by Christopher Wren in 1717) was entirely demolished. Firemen are now attempting to put out a blaze which threatens to destroy the Partridgeville Glue Works. An investigation is promised by the mayor and an immediate attempt will be made to fix responsibility for this dis- astrous occurrence.