114 The Yellow Dog man, Hankinson made round the coun- ter to the door. In his opinion the man who has done his work effectually should go away as soon as his job is done. But going, he took care to turn out the gas. Hankinson had manipulated the key, the chain and the bar, and was about to open the door in gingerly fashion when he heard a sound at the rear of the shop. He turned, muttering a curse. A door had noiselessly opened, and there, holding a lamp above her head, stood Marcovitch's granddaughter. She was in her nightgown, her hair--long, black, lustrous--fell far below her waist; her great eyes, dilated with alarm, shone like stars. And at her side, nuzzling against her knees, was the strangest, ugliest-looking beast of a dog that Han- kinson had ever set eyes on. It was queerly shaped, it was of no known breed, it was a vile yellow in color, and it had only one eye. It was borne in upon Hankinson, amidst the rush of thoughts which this new situa- tion forced on his consciousness, that he would have bad dreams about that dog, and he cursed it without knowing that he was even thinking of it. There were other things to think of just then. Hankinson realized his dan- ger. He made a sudden dash back at the girl. The girl set up a loud scream, dashed the lamp in his face, drew back with the agility of a snake, and locked the door behind her. Hankinson went too, then. He groped his way to the street door and let him- self out. As he crossed the threshold he had an unpleasant feeling of a sinu- ous, wiry body that cannoned against his legs, and he kicked out at it in sheer frenzy of hatred. But when he reached the pavement and looked round him there was no dog there. And, with an- other oath, he made off. There was nobody about just at that point, but there were people twenty yards away on either hand, and Hankin- son's chief desire was to mingle with and get beyond them. He turned to the right and sped swiftly away, and just then the Jewess darted out into the street from the side entrance and let out a yell that startled every midnight stroller within the eighth of a mile. "Murder!" Hankinson shot into the nearest entry. It was light where he entered it; it was black where he traversed it; it was light again where he left it. And, flinging a glance over his shoulder as he turned at the end of it, he saw figures dart after him; also he heard a queer padding sound not so far away from his heels. He knew then that h^re was a serious business, and he set his teeth and ran. There was a network of al- leys and courts and queer places there- abouts. Hankinson dodged from one to the other as a .rabbit dodges about in its warren when the ferrets are after it. But wherever he went he heard the queer padding sound, and he cursed that one-eyed yellow dog to the depths of a dog's hell. And yet once, twice, thrice, he looked round--at least once with his re- volver in his hand--and never saw any dog at all, not even when there were patches of light which the pursuit, brute or human, must cross. Eventually Hankinson, spent of breath, made two or three desperate twistings and twinings and darted into a dark court. The next minute something seemed to catch him by the ankle. He made a violent plunge forward, dashed his head against a wall, saw thousands of stars flash and coruscate before his eyes, and felt a great buzzing and hum- ming rise up somewhere behind his ears. And immediately after that Hankinson, for the time being, felt and saw noth- ing more. ... 