126 Bulling the Bulls As soon as he had convinced him- self that he had taken all the money Kelly had, Durkee signaled the taxi chauffeur to stop, and when the car had come to a standstill at the curb he opened the door and stepped out into the late afternoon sunshine and the atmosphere of fish and dirty wa- ter. "Kelly," said he with a grin, "I'll give the key to his nibs here and tell him to unlock you at the North Sta- tion. From there you may go any- where you please." "Who the blazes are you, any- way?" demanded Kelly, after deliv- ering a volley of vituperation--the only effect of which was to make the other man's grin broaden. "See here, Kelly," said Durkee, calmly, making no response to the question, "you haven't any kick com- ing. I got you through the line all right, saved you from a lot of trouble, and I know you got a lot of stuff somewhere. I kept my word not to squeal, and you can afford to pay. So quit your growling." "Well, who are you?" "Really like to know?" "Yes," returned Kelly with a sav- age, almost frenzied growl. "Well," said Durkee, smoothly, with great gravity--mock, maddening gravity--"I'll tell if you think it will make you feel better. My name is Ricker H. Tucker in real life. By profession I am, like you yourself-- a bank robber; but an unfortunate one, mediocre, and until two days ago I was incarcerated in a New Hampshire retreat. I had just worked down to Worcester, and there, as you know, fortune brought me face to face, side by side, with the master of our craft--Aloysius Kelly --fortune at the same time giving me an opportunity to run the Boston lookout and to fill an empty pocket. I admire you, Kelly--I take off my hat to you"--the tall, eagle-faced ras- cal who had indulged himself in the. luxury of several truthful statements took off his hat with an ironical bow --"and as one who has done time, I admiringly admit that you're the better man, and--I thank you." Durkee slammed the door, gave the handcuff key to the chauffeur and told him to drive to North Sta- tion and there release Kelly. He was sport enough to pay for the ride, too, --with a bit to spare. As the cab darted from the curb with the frantic Kelly, he looked af- ter it for a moment with a smile, then, turning, walked swiftly back in the way he had come. That same night Mr. Durkee sat smoking contentedly on the deck of a barkentine passing the Graves en route for Rio de Janeiro. He was thinking of the stout man whom he had helped as desired--the king of bank robbers who had never served a sentence, whose reputation he him- self had that day saved--but was not worrying about him or his welfare. It was natural that he should think of him, for he had secured from brother Kelly the snug sum of $15,000 plus. But mostly he was let- ting his mind dwell virtuously upon reform under comfortable conditions, upon a life of strict obedience to the law--at least while the money lasted. 