92 The Strange Case of Nathaniel Broome session; to those narrow-minded skep- tics who brush aside all evidence of psychic phenomena as the unhinged ravings of the insane. Scrimgeour, who has known me inti- mately during the last few months, can vouch, however, for my sanity and my reason. But I have other evidences to support my statements. I have the testimony of a host of scientific investigators as well as the indisputable experiences of countless men and women who have given years to the study of this ex- traordinary mystery. And more than all these, I know!--I know! I, who write these lines, trem- bling with fear at the fate awaiting me, lurking here in my very room! Waiting patiently, craftiness, cunning incarnate. Sometimes he sits in that far-off corner leering at me, contorting his ghastliness into still more loathsome expressions. There he taunts me, dares me, whisper- ing to me words so lewd, so obscene, so frightful that I wonder the very walls do not tumble about us at their lasciv- ious echoes. And I know that, soon, soon, he will come nearer, he will dare to come nearer as he dared with my wife's most beautiful body. He will take posses- sion of me as he took possession of her. Already I have seen his shadow in the glass, and I know that it is the begin- ning of the end. James Shirley, who lived a life of crime, of loathsome debauch and lasciv- iousness upon earth; James Shirley, whose body has long lain putrescent in its convict's grave, will creep at last into my soul, my brain; will take pos- session of my very body, leaving me only his rotting carcass which lies mouldering in its tomb. . . . XIII Here the manuscript ended. The pa- pers dropped from my fingers and fell rustling to the floor. Between us for several moments there was complete silence. The girl's cheeks were white as marble; her eyes big with terror. Through the open window the quiet hum of the street traffic reached us, borne on the summer breeze. There the day's occupation spent itself in calm, unhurrying routine. . . . I could hear a messenger boy whis- tling merrily. . . . A young girl laughed. The clanging of insistent bells min- gled with the occasional drone of motor horns. Life, with its unimaginative sameness, was near, was all about us, yet we had no part in it. Robbed by death of his earth body, James Shirley had killed twice in his feverish yearning to live again. I seemed to feel the presence of his ma- levolent spirit hovering about us, an eidolon, reaching out lustful, discarnate arms, trying, longing, aching for life. Marguerite Broome, transcendently beautiful, with all the delicate aroma, the fresh intoxication of flowers about her, sat before me under the shadow of an impending doom. And I, old, with- ered, ridiculous in my new-found emo- tions, I who loved her, I who wor- shipped her, could only stare at her, im- potent and pitifully afraid. . . . 