74 The Heart on the Mantel rocked and lowered in gentle wavelets with each heart-beat. I listened--intently, fearfully. And above the dull beating of rain and the whistle and howl of the wind, I at last managed to detect a sound of splashing in the jar. The sound came steadily-- a gentle, purring splash, splash, splash --with each heart beat, with each wavelet. I tried to take my eyes away, but I could not; I was held by the thing's devilish charm. As I watched, the beats became thuds; the heart gave a clumsy jerk, then floated slowly to the top of the jar. For a moment it swam about uncertainly, from top to bottom, from one side to the other. Then its move- ments became rapid, agitated, violent. It dashed about frenziedly, like a fright- ened bird vainly trying to escape from its cage. The jar rocked with the vio- lent motion--I heard it, I saw. With a jerky hand I wiped the cold sweat from my forehead. "My God!" I thought. "Am I going mad ?" I tried to take my eyes away--and failed. I must do something! With all the power of will and muscle I could summon I sent my right hand groping about the table. At last my fingers found the syringe--and later the magic bottle of morphine. Somehow I managed the injection. Calm came again. My eyes dropped from the gruesome thing. . . . And when, in a spirit of bravado, I raised them again a few moments later, it had stopped its beating and lay motionless at the bottom of the jar. I looked at my watch; it was 11:30. And fully a half-hour passed before Leon came home. II He came stumbling hilariously into the study room, plainly drunk. "Tiens, mon Henri!" he cried, slap- ping me on the shoulder. "It was a happy night! There was wine and my Fanchette and I--ah, what happiness!" And he babbled on foolishly till he had led me through the entire course of his happy night. While he was talking I was silent, but as he began clumsily to hang up his clothes I could no longer restrain a warning comment. "One of these nights when you go to the Cafe Noir, mon Leon, M. Leblanc will tire of your love-making to his wife. You had better watch out for him. He is a man who loves much, and if he discovers your attentions he will be dangerous." "M. Leblanc?" Leon laughed drunk- enly as he turned to hang up his hat. "I do not fear Monsieur Leblanc. He is like you, mon ami; he is an owl; he sees nothing. Besides, he is away now. He has gone to the country for a few days. He would buy a farm; he would put my Fanchette on a farm! Pecaire! But while he is gone Fanchette and I are happy. She has hired a waitress to take her place--a lean waitress with brick- colored hair. Fanchette acts as man- ager. I am her assistant. Hah! It is amusing. But is it not an ideal ar- rangement ?" My silence seemed to anger him. As he watched me his leer changed to a glare, and finally he burst out: "But why do you tell me to be care- ful? You have corrected me again! How is it your affair? I will mind my own business and you shall mind yours. . . . You disgust me! . . But he was in a better humor the next morning, and when I came into the study room I found him staring rapturously into the glass jar on the mantel. "Come, mon ami" he exclaimed, "and admire with me the consummate skill with which I removed this organ. Ah, 