44 Fingers from the Grave ihe weed-encumbered" walk that led to the front door, armed with a key that he had experienced no difficulty in se- curing from a cynical real-estate agent, who promptly offered to wager that he would not stay the night out--a wager that Gri instead as promptly accepted. He carried a handbag that contained a supply of sandwiches, a small auto- matic, half a dozen fat candles, a flash- light and two volumes of Poe's grisliest short stories. He ironically thought of these as his "ghost props." But, stout-nerved as he was, Grim- stead shrank back instinctively as the front door slammed shut, leaving him in impenetrable darkness. This instan- taneous plunge into blackness was sud- den enough to daunt anyone, and for a second time that afternoon Grimstead was tempted to abandon his ghost quest. Then he reflected that thrills were what he had come for, and he was disgusted at the realization that he was allowing his subconscious self to be affected by the stories he had heard. If he were really a skeptic, as he had always prided himself on being, he was on the verge of the most interesting adventure of his none-too-dull life. So he opened his handbag by touch alone, turned on his flashlight and took stock of his sur- roundings. He was in an old-fashioned living- room at the far end of which was a huge open fireplace. In front of him a fine specimen of colonial architecture in the shape of an imposing staircase pointed the way to adventure on the second floor. The large room was fully furnished, but a smell of decay and mil- dew assailed Grimstead's nostrils. The atmosphere was heavy and fetid: odors of bygone days seemed to meet and commingle, and the air held a pene- trating chill. Something soft brushed his face in the semi-gloom and he start- ed back involuntarily and then laughed nervously. It was a death's-head moth and the creature settled upon the back of a large upholstered chair, its wings spread wide, shivering as the bright ray from the flashlight illumined its ghastly markings. With a little shiver that was not en- tirely due to the chill of the place, Grim- stead started up the stairs in search of Mrs. Carey's bedroom, which, he had been told, was the front room at the left of the upper hallway. But first he ex- plored the other rooms, finding them all furnished but reeking with desolation and decay. Time had wrought sad havoc upon objects of inestimable value to the collector of colonial antiques. Grimstead now turned the handle of the door that led into the dead woman's bedchamber and found himself in an ancient boudoir about which still clung an elusive odor of mignonette and lav- ender. Against one side of the wall was an antique dressing-table, but the surface of the long mirror which had in bygone days often reflected the fair image of Selma Carey was now opaque, blurred over by the film of years. Near the dresser was a four-poster bed cov- ered with a yellowed counterpane, and two pillows were in place at its head. It was hard to believe that no one had slept there for twenty years. With the exception of the dust that covered everything, and a dank smell, the room and its furnishings appeared to have been left as they were on the day of the tragedy and Grimstead found himself glancing from time to time at the door of the dressing-room, which was about ten feet from the bed, as if he expected a charming figure in deshabille to come romping into the room at any moment. So acute was this impression that he strode across the room and threw open the door of the dressing-room, peering curiously within. It contained an old- fashioned tin bathtub, the paint from which was chipped off here and there, 