The Deviltry of Dr. Waugh 59 tice in slaying him. I decided to truss him up, drive him to the city and turn him over to the authorities that a test might be made of his sanity. "He begged me not to kill him and-- then he told me. "He told me that he was a physician; he said that he had always taken the position that a normal, sound man could literally be scared to death. He told me that other physicians differed with him, arguing that so-called death from fright could occur only when there was a weak heart. "The desire to prove his contention became an obsession with Dr. Waugh and he decided to prove it. He rented this farm, and set up his play railroad and began to search for a subject. He was hunting, in fact, when he stopped me from jumping from 'Suicide Bridge.' He justified himself on the ground that I would have ended my life anyhow and that I had lost nothing. "When I realized that Dr. Waugh was not, after all, an irresponsible maniac, my anger returned. That a physician whose life should be dedi- cated to the relief of human suffering should subject any man--regardless of how lightly he valued life--to the in- human mental torture that I had en- dured, all for the sake of proving a silly, unimportant medical theory! "I had pinned Dr. Waugh to the ground. There was a rope in his tool box. Qifickly I passed one end of it about his neck and fastened it to a tree; the other end I tied to his feet and to the rear axle of the automobile." "Great God !" cried John Lake. "You were going to--" Justin Graham did not answer. "I got into the car," he continued; "I put my foot on the electric starter button; the engine roared and then--I shut off the engine, but--" Doctor Lake jumped to his feet. "But Dr. Waugh was dead!" he finished the sentence. "You killed him ; you murdered him--in cold blood! You --you scared him to death!" Graham met the accusing gaze calmly. "I think that most doctors will con- tend that a man--a man with a normal heart--cannot be frightened to death," he said quietly. Doctor Lake eyed the prisoner in- tently. "You're a medic yourself," he ac- cused. "Do you think so?" smiled Graham. "Do I think so?" thundered John Lake. "I know so! Naturally I have read between the lines of your story-- just as you intended that I should. Oh, you're a clever fiend! You gave Dr. Waugh the same chance that he gave you; you tested his heart as he lay there on the ground--probably you used his own stethoscope. You got into the au- tomobile, started the motor with the deliberate intention of--of letting Dr. Waugh prove his own theory. It was deliberatv murder!", "I hardly think you can prove that in--in court," suggested Graham. "I know damned well I can't," shout- ed Lake. "You, as cold-blooded a slayer as a man who ever fired a pistol, are safe from the law. So far as the law is concerned, the Waugh case is closed --he died from heart failure. Here's your stickpin. Get out!" The Chief of Detectiyes was nodding his agreement with Lake's position; the Chief was eyeing Graham curiously. "Hum!" he rumbled. "Mr. Graham has your--er--hair been white long?" "Since--since that night," Justin Graham replied. The door closed. "Do you know, Lake, I don't blame Graham--much," muttered the Chief. John Lake stared out of the window. "Well, Chief," he said, "perhaps I don't either--much." 