124 Bulling the Bulls "Oh, I'll see that you don't get in wrong, anyway." "Well, then, I'll try to help you out," promised Durkee. "Got 'em?" After a careful glance about, Grant produced a pair of handcuffs. He clicked one hold on his left wrist, and then Durkee, after a slight hesita- tion, linked his thin, sinewy, long- fingered hand to the other's. In this fashion they rode the rest of the way to Boston, avoiding the subject which linked them together and chatting casually on various matters of interest to ordinary citi- zens. II The express stopped at Hunting- ton Station. A few people got off, and a few got on. Two broad- shouldered, keen-eyed men, obviously together, came into the smoking-car by way of the forward door and came down looking from left to right. They noted Grant and Durkee and the bond that held them, and with- out comment passed on, swiftly, but in a very business-like way. "No one I know," announced Grant, as the two went on after the first glance. He spoke in a matter-of-fact way, but Durkee perceived that he was really much relieved. The train got under way after a very short stop and sped on, finally coming to journey's end under the mammoth shed of South Station. Durkee and Grant descended promptly from the smoker and went up to the shed with the crowd. The tide of people con- verged and narrowed as it ap- proached the gate of the shed and, passing through the entrance, spread out into the open space and began immediately to lose its entity among the throng scurrying here and there in every direction. As Durkee and Grant passed through the gateway and bore off to the left, neither hurrying nor lag- ging, a burly, ruddy-faced man in dark clothes came from the fence-- noting them as soon as they issued from the shed. "Well, well--hello, Kelly," he said, mockingly jovial, but with an under- note of real and intense satisfaction, and as he gave the greeting he grasped Mr. Grant by the arm, ap- parently ready for trouble, as if he knew something about the peculiar light that could shine in the other's eyes. At the same moment he noticed Durkee and the bond between him and the stout man he addressed as Kelly. He lifted his eyebrows in surprise and favored Durkee with a steady and half-hostile look. As this man accosted and touched Grant, another big man of the same cut approached from another direc- tion and joined the trio, a little grin coming to his face as he saw Grant. "Hello, Kelly," said this new- comer, speaking very much as the other stranger had spoken. "At last!" "Hello, Moran," returned Mr. Grant, with composure. "Excuse me, gentlemen," put in Durkee, promptly and courteously, "but it's hands off for you. Noth- ing doing at all. I got Kelly for the First National break in Portland two years ago. Lighted on him in Worcester by accident. Sorry"--a tantalizing slight grin came on his hawk-like face--"but you can come up and have him in just about twelve years." The first burly man drew back a pace, scowling. Then he shrugged his broad shoulders resignedly and used strong language feelingly. 