Black Shadows 11 ny, with keen sarcasm. "I like Palm Beach and yachts and joy parties as much as you do, but you see me work- ing, don't you?- You'd do it, too, if he was your governor." "By the way," the other man woke up suddenly. "A note came in for you about eleven o'clock; laying on your desk over there. It's from Bradley, the butler who's been held in this Guerney murder mystery. Friend of yours?" Suggs picked up the crumpled envel- ope, with his name scrawled on it. "Who brought it ?" "A hard looking bird--one of the guards, I guess." Johnny ripped open the envelope, and read: Dear Mr. Suggs : Probably the peculiarity of this will strike you at once. I feel that you are a friend. If you would do me a favor, when you hear of my death--and I feel that the end is not far--will you have my body disposed of as was that of Gustave Edmonson, who wrote "The Psychology of the Working Classes"? With many thinks for your keenness. Respectfully yours, James R. Bradley. The reporter stared at the note. It might as well have been a jumble of unintelligible gibberish so far as he was concerned. Then two lines in the letter seemed to spring out in bold faced letters: "The peculiarity of this will strike you at once" and "Many thanks for your keenness." The mild eyed old butler was trying to send him a cipher message! Now, Johnny had gained valuable experience with codes during his serv- ice in the Intelligence Section of a fa- mous combat division in France. He had learned to read ciphers of many kinds. So, tired and aching as he was, he sat down at his desk, and tried to unravel this one. After an hour of concentrated effort, Suggs decided that, if it was a code, it was too cleverly done for him to solve. The letter was so short that it gave him no opportunity. This reference to Gustave Edmonson and his book threw no light on the subject. "The Psychol- ogy of the Working Classes" was in the Star's library. Johnny brought it out, read over the contents page and skipped through the volume, but it car- ried no suggestion to his mind. It was dull and prosy in the extreme and the possibility that it might have any con- nection with the double murder in the Guerney house seemed rather far fetched. At eight o'clock he called up Lieu- tenant Jamieson: "Anything new de- velop, Loot--in the Guerney case, I mean ?" "New?" howled Jamieson. "Ill say there has. Now, listen, Johnny. I'm giving you this first of all, because you've helped me in the past and, any- way, I want due credit with your dad for giving his paper first crack at it. Soon as I get done talking come down to the Guerney house. I'll be there by the time you arrive." "All right. Shoot!" "There's been big doings down there last night. Patrolman Duffy was on special duty in front of the place. He's a good, sober man, and he swore that he wasn't a hundred yards from the house all night. Every hour or two he walked around through the alley and looked things over from the back. He didn't see a light or hear a sound up till three-thirty. At that time Duffy was standing by the Guerney stejjs, and he heard a shot from inside. "Well, he rapped for assistance, broke a window and climbed in. He saw a light upstairs and tore up there hell bent for election. The door to the study was open--" "Open?" interrupted Johnny, "I thought I locked it?" "What ?" 