Fingers from the Grave 45 giving it a dismal look of dilapidation. On a rusty metal towel-rack hung a rotting hath towel, and from a hook in the wall was suspended a mildewed dressing-gown that had once been lav- ender-colored. With a look of infinite pity, Grim- stead closed the door softly behind him, his vivid imagination conjuring up the picture of a lovely woman with golden hair cascading to her waist, humming a gay little tune as she prepared for her bath. He now set the stage for his lonely vigil. Lighting one of his fat candles, he placed it upon the dusty dresser in such a position that its flame illumined the bed. Then he stuck another above the fireplace on the white marble mantel- piece. Drawing up a small dressing-table, he placed his third candle upon that and then he dusted off a comfortable Morris chair with wide arms and placed it where he could command a view of the entire room. The dressing-table was at his left, within easy reaching distance, and on this he placed his sandwiches, his automatic and his volumes of Poe Satisfied with these strategic arrange- ments, he lit his pipe, sank into the big chair and was soon immersed in "The Fall of the House of Usher," which he had decided was the proper yarn for the time, the place and the man. It was so silent in the house that the scampering of mice in the wainscoting sounded as loud as the romping of New- foundland dogs. Every now and then one of them would squeal as if it were being murdered, and whenever this hap- pened Grimstead would pause in his reading and look up with a startled tenseness, expecting to see--he knew not what. The wind was'rising and it howled and moaned like a tortured spirit striving with futile hands to force an entrance through the rotting eaves of the ancient house. It was an eerie sound and Grimstead found himself forced to exert all his will-power in order to concentrate upon the harrow- ing tale that he was reading. He felt like a spectator awaiting the climax to a particularly dramatic scene in a melo- drama. There came a lull in the wind and the mice suddenly ceased to scamper as if at a signal from a master mouse. The old house appeared to be waiting in sus- pense--holding its breath. Grimstead had reached the point in his story where the sounfi of muffled blows from the vault was reverberating through the ill- fated house of Usher. "Madman," he read, "I tell you--" He looked up quickly. The dying down of the wind and the cessation of the scamperings in the wainscoting made the room feel as dead as stagnant water looks. But it was not the nerve-racking stillness that had galvanized Grimstead into alert attention. It was the unalter- able conviction that someone or some- thing was lurking near him. Reaching stealthily for the automatic, he glanced keenly around the room. Certainly he was the only living soul there! But-- The door of the dressing-room was slowly opening! II Grimstead stared incredulously at the widening aperture. He had thoroughly inspected the Toom less than half an hour before and no living creature could have been concealed there. Nor was there any other door(to the room. The thing was impossible--yet it was happening before his eyes! Wider, wider the door opened, and then, as Grimstead held his breath in suspense, something stepped into the room. He could not see it but he felt it, and an icy wind suddenly stirred the 