16 Black Shadows soon. 'Tell 'im,' she said, 'to come to 2738 Phillips Street right away.' I guess it's most goshalmighty important. Oh, thanks." Johnny sprinted out into the street, hailed a taxi, and ordered the mahout to drive at top speed to the Phillips Street address. There was no use try- ing to figure out in advance what this sudden change of base meant--except trouble for Mildred. They arrived at their destination in extraordinarily quick time. Suggs paid off the chauffeur, and reached the front door in approximately three seconds. It was open, and he went in. From the upper floor he heard Mil- dred's voice sound in fright and pro- test. Johnny went flying up, with the speed of a ten-second man. When he reached the landing he saw her strug- gling in the arms of a tall, black-beard- ed man. At the sight a flood of anger and passion welled up in the reporter. He had only seen her once, but that was enough. Her beauty and courage had captivated his heart, in spite of the black shadow that hung over her. The girl saw him, called his name, as her assailant tossed her back and faced the door. Johnny flung himself forward with the silent ferocity of a beast. Though far smaller than the other man, the desperation of his attack more than made up the difference. His fists lashed against Black-beard, who was broad and thick and solid on the ground. They drove the latter's head against the wall panelling with a force that would have stunned a weaker man. Instead, it seemed to spur Black- beard into action. He clenched Johnny around the middle and buried his bushy face against that young gentleman's chest. But the reporter blocked him off with sharp elbows and drumming fists. He realized that he would have small chance at close quarters. His only salvation lay in keeping clear of those ape-like arms. The big man drew back, panting heavily, then lowered his head into the shelter of his left shoulder and rushed again. Johnny leaped nimbly aside, but slipped out a lagging foot, and Black- beard went over it with a crash that stunned him. The reporter was atop him instantly, his thumbs sinking into the great muscles at the side of the neck. The paralyzing pressure stopped the fellow's breath--made him choke and beat the air feebly. Mildred ran to his side. "Come, come," she whispered. "Oh, quickly. We must get away from here--" He looked up at her, the old irrepres- sible light dancing in his eyes. The touch of her hand on his shoulder thrilled him. "I think we'll turn this fellow over to the police first," he said gaily. "These few punches have not been punishment enough for him." "No, no. It is impossible. Come." So Johnny rose, and with a contemptu- ous glance at Black-beard, walked downstairs with Mildred. Once again out in the clear sunshine the wonder of this affair grew on him. He felt just the reverse of Wilkie Col- lins' famous detective. - That gentleman was so used to doing big things that the little ones escaped him--like a senior wrangler, who has forgotten how to do quadratics, and has to solve problems of the second degree by the calculus. Johnny felt like a youngster who has never learned mathematics and has been ordered to do a most intricate problem. The twists and turns of this Guerney case he knew would make him gray- haired before his time. "Will you please tell me the mean- ing of this, Miss Guerney?" he im- plored. "Every step becomes.more dif- ficult. We found J. Sylvester Jones dead in your father's study at one 