The Strange Case of Nathaniel Broome 89 with me, became a part of my very soul. I shunned all ugliness; ugly thoughts, ugly places, ugly people. The servants about my father's house and estate were chosen for their good looks and not for their trustworthiness or their honesty. My education was given me by pri- vate tutor at home, so that I need not suffer the vulgar contamination of a public school. In fact, until after his death, I had scarce set foot outside the high stone walls of my father's home. When I was twenty years of age my father died. Ignorant as I was of business or of the ugly ways of the world, I was a fair target for the cunning of any scoundrel who might chance to come into my path. Such an enterprising person was my tutor, James Shirley. He was probably the most physically perfect specimen of a man that I have ever seen; but to that flawless beauty there was added an equally flawless lack of'moral principle. The details of his swindles and more heinous crimes may be found among the prison records. Suffice it to say that before James Shirley died he had suc- ceeded in robbing me of almost every- thing I possessed. Then, reduced prac- tically to beggary, I met the woman who since became my wife. Though Angela has been dead fifteen years, I still cannot think of her with- out emotion. She was the most beauti- ful woman whom I have ever seen, the most radiantly lovely; a wealth of grace, of tender sweetness and charm. For five years we lived a life of well-nigh perfect happiness. It is true my wife could never quite understand my unusual outlook upon life. She was amazed and sometimes a little fearful of my acute physical hor- ror of ugliness. Yet, secure in her own surpassing loveliness, she sought only to please me and to be pleasing in my eyes. Shortly after our daughter Mar- guerite was born I began to notice a change in Angela. It was not that she had grown less beautiful, for mother- hood had only added a new tenderness to her charms. No, the subtle change which I divined in her and mutely won- dered at was to be found only in the ex- pression of her eyes. The change which I thought could be noticed in them, how- ever, was something that for a long time I could not find words to explain. One evening as we sat together talk- ing in the twilight, following some odd remark of hers, I glanced sharply at her and caught the weird expression for a moment in her face. "My dearest," I exclaimed, "is there something the matter?" She smiled and the strange look van- ished. "Why do you ask that question ?" she returned. Then I told her of the fears which I had lately felt concerning her. My explanation seemed deeply to move her. "Oh, my dear, my dear," she cried, "you fill me with horror. For days past I have been trying to argue with myself that it has all been my childish fancy. I have told myself that over and over again. But now ... if you, too, have seen it, it must be true!" "Tell me, for heaven's sake," I cried in alarm, "tell me what it is!" "Oh, I'm so much afraid! The ter- ror of it has haunted me for so long! And yet you will protect me--if it's humanly possible to be protected." "That is my right, dear," I answered. "Tell me." "Come, then," she replied, and led me to the large mirror hanging above the mantel-piece. "Stand perfectly still behind me, so, and look with all your courage at my re- flection in the glass." White with excitement engendered by the deathly seriousness of her words, I stood as she bade me, and gazed at our 