106 The Man Who Would Not Die I am on the right track at last. But I need some information which only you can give me. Will you do it?" There was no hesitancy on the part of the man of wealth. "Ask me anything you wish, inspector. I will answer your question to the best of my ability." Des Moines bored on. "Winters," he said, sharply, "who is your heir?" The millionaire started. "Why, er--I don't understand what you are getting at?" he exclaimed. "Just this. If I am correct in my guess, your life is in danger. In view of this morning's happenings, I am at last firm- ly convinced that Mrs. Winters' death was nothing more or less than a cold- blooded murder! So, too, was the death of the maid! I will admit that several times I have had my doubts. Now / know!" Winters started back, aghast. "Hor- rible ! Horrible!" he cried. "It is hard to believe--yet it must be true. But who could have so hated my poor wife as to take her life?" The inspector continued relentlessly. "With Mrs. Winters out of the way, it is my belief that you will be the next to go. We must protect you. Now who is going to profit by all this deviltry ? Have you made a will ?" Winters put his hand to his head. "Surely, it cannot be true. You cannot believe that they--mere children--" "Who are they, man?. Speak up!" "My nephew, Thomas De Pew, and my niece, Cora Dayton, his cousin. Everything I have will go to them. Mrs. Winters had no near relatives. My will has been made for months. Of course, had my wife lived, she would have in- herited all." "Do they live in the city?" "They make their home with me. They hjrve lived here since childhood. Both are orphans." "I would like to talk with them, ques- tion them, without their knowing the reason. Will you kindly summon them ? Tell them that I am merely seeking addi- tional data for my report." Winters, white-faced, arose. "I will do as you wish, ihspector," he said, slow- ly. "But you are wrong in suspecting those children. Thomas is but nineteen years of age. His cousin is nearly a year younger. Theirs cannot be the brains that planned this horrible outrage." He stepped into the adjoining room, only to reappear, an instant later, with the information that both of the young people had driven downtown for the af- ternoon. Inspector Des Moines left the Winters home feeling that he had made no ma- terial progress. XI The funeral services for the late Mrs. Winters had been held and the body ten- derly laid away in the family vault in Rose Hill cemetery. At the same hour, in another part of the city, amid more humble surroundings, was held the funeral of Dolly Matthews, the maid. Alone in his office, Inspector Des Moines sat scanning the afternoon pa- pers. They were still filled with criti- cisms of the police administration. Nor did the inspector blame them greatly. For he was obliged to confess himself beaten --defeated at every turn of the road. He had attended the funeral of Mrs. Win- ters in person. Several of his best plain clothes men had mingled with the crowd. Others had been present at the funeral of the maid. Their reports were one and the same. There was nothing--absolute- ly nothing--to report. Over the telephone, he had given The Master the results of his interview with Winters. Mohammed Gunga had ad- vised him to say nothing, do nothing, un- til Lessman again showed his hand. Lost in reverie, he went over every 