FROZEN BEAUTY 137 entreaty phrased in words that seemed entirely consonants. De Grandin left his ambush, tiptoed down the hall and shot the bolt back from the door, leaping quickly to one side and poising with bent knees, his pistol held in readiness. The heavy door swung inward with a bang and a young man almost fell across the sill. "Michail," he called hysterically, "they're here; I saw them on the road today. Has it come, Michail--oh, my God!"--as he saw the coffin stripped of its enclosures standing in the glaring light from the hall chandelier--"too late; too late!" He stumbled blindly a few steps, slumped down to his knees, then crept across the polished floor, dropping head and hands upon the coffin lid and sobbing broken-heartedly. "Nikakova, radost moya!" he entreated. "Oh, too late; too late!" "Tenez, Monsieur, you seem in trouble," de Grandin moved from his concealment and advanced a step, pistol lowered but eyes wary. "Proudhon!" the stranger half rose from his knees and a look of utter loath- ing swept his face. "You--" His furi- ous expression faded and gave way to one of wonder. "You're not--who are you?" he stammered. "Eh bien, my friend, I think that we might say the same to you," de Grandin answered. "It might be well if you ex- plained yourself without delay. A mur- der has been done here and we seek the perpetrators--" "A murder? Who--" "Doctor Pavlovitch was murdered something like an hour ago; we are ex- pecting the police-" "Pavlovitch killed? It must be Proud- hon was here, then," the young man breathed. "Was this coffin like this when you found it?" "It was not. It came after Doctor Pav- lovitch was murdered. We suspected it might be connected with the crime and were about to force it when you came howling at the door--" "Quick, then! We must take it off be- fore--" "One moment, if you please, Monsieur. A murder has been done and everyone about the place is suspect till he clears himself. This so mysterious parcel came while we were seeking clues, and neither it nor any other thing may be removed until the police--" "We can't wait for the police! They wouldn't understand; they'd not believe; they'd wait until it is too late--oh, Mon- sieur, I don't know who you are, but I beg that you will help me. I must remove this coffin right away; get it to a safe place and have medical assistance, or--" "I am Doctor Jules de Grandin and this is Doctor Samuel Trowbridge. both at your service if you can convince us that you have no criminal intent," the little Frenchman said. "Why must you rush away this casket which was brought here but a little while ago, and why should