170 WEIRD TALES was stern and war-like. "Throw down your arms and advance!" Astonished, Thwaine whispered hastily: "Maybe a demon in woman's form . . . succubus--" "I'll talk!" warned Rald. "Slip along the shadows there and strike the steel from her hand. Quick! There may be more, and we can use a hostage." Then aloud: "Ho, woman, why do you accost peaceful travelers with such inhospitable manners? We seek only rest and comfort, we but--" Thwaine had taken but two cautious steps forward when a noose slithered from above and wound itself about his crouched form. Choking, he staggered backward, clawing at his throat. With a sweep of his sword Rald severed the strangling cord. Glancing upward, he had a brief glimpse of a well-rounded female figure poised on the rocks above and clad, like their accoster, in burnished mail; in uplifted hands she held a jagged stone. For the space of two heart-beats he saw her; then the boulder struck the base of his neck with stunning force and consciousness left his body before it touched the ground. RALD awoke in semi-darkness. Bit by bit, very slowly, he became aware of things about him. Somewhere water was falling--whether stream or rainfall he did not know or care. Above he saw a seamed stone ceiling and he was con- scious the object supporting his reclining form was some kind of a couch. The room, he could tell by the ceiling, was small, and he observed no windows within the restricted limits of his view. Gentle hands--female, it seemed--were engaged in applying a soothing massage to his various abrasions. There was a heavy, dull ache in his head and his neck was too stiff to turn. Vaguely he thought of Thwaine, but his debilitated limbs re- fused to obey the dim commands he sought to impart to an exhausted brain; he lay still and drifted back into a dream- racked sleep wherein he dwelt once more in beloved Forthe to carouse in the native taverns and drink the red wines of Ygoth's slopes. Throughout his dream the memory of a lady stirred his pulse's strength and a slight smile rested on the hitherto pain-racked lips. When he awoke again it was night, or at least he so surmised after seeing blank darkness beyond and through the iron network of a doorway and a sputtering torch thrust into a hanging bracket on the wall. From a tousled couch on the oppo- site side of the prison cell his fellow mer- cenary regarded him gravely. One of Thwaine's wrists was encircled by a ringlet of steel attached to an ac- companying chain which was, in turn, se- cured to another ring imbedded in the wall. An ankle was fastened likewise to a circlet in the floor; so the prisoner could move into restricted positions without tak- ing leave of his bed. When Rald at- tempted to swing himself erect he dis- covered that he too was confined in a similar fashion. "Well," he demanded of the solemn Thwaine, "who has us, and why are we chained like captured white apes from Sorjoon?" "Succubi, I think! And the reason must be because we are men!" "What do they welcome here--apes?" "Listen. For two days and nights I've lain--" "Two--days and nights?" "You've been unconscious that long. The woman who smote you with the rock almost made a thorough job of it. But, it seems, it was intended that we be taken as captives and not as corpses. The wo- man we first saw, the one commanding the party, told me so; nothing else, though--for a female she has a very re-