140 WEIRD TALES less experienced man believe himself the victim of hallucinations. Say on, man vieux; I listen." WITH steamer rugs draped around our shoulders we faced each other in the light of a small, shaded lamp. Our breath fanned out in vapory cumuli each time we spoke; before us gleamed the crystal-hooded coffin, like a great me- mento mori fashioned out of polar ice, and as it radiated ever-growing cold I caught myself involuntarily recalling a couplet from Bartholomew Dowling: "And thus does the warmth of feeling Turn chill in the coldness of death . . ." Till then the rush of action had pre- vented any inventory of our visitor. Now as I studied him I found it difficult to fit him into any category furnished by a lifetime's medical experience. He was young, though not as young as he ap- peared, for pale-blond coloring and slen- derness lent him a specious air of youth which was denied by drooping shoulders, trouble-lines about his mouth and deep- set, melancholy eyes. His chin was small and gentle, not actually receding, but soft and almost feminine in outline. The mouth, beneath a scarcely-visible ash- blond mustache, suggested extreme sen- sitiveness, and he held his lips com- pressed against each other as though the trait of self-suppression had become habitual. His brow was wider and more high than common, his blue eyes almost childishly ingenuous. When he spoke, it was with hesitancy and with a painfully correct pronunciation which betrayed as plainly as an accent that his English came from study rather than inheritance and use. "I am Serge Aksakoff," he told us in his flat, accentless voice. "I met Nikakova Gapon when I was a student at the Uni- versity of Petrograd and she a pupil at the Imperial Ballet Academy. Russia in 1916 was honeycombed with secret lib- eral societies, all loyal to the Little Fath- er, but all intent on securing something of democracy for a land which had lain prostrate underneath the iron heel of au- tocrats for twenty generations. Perhaps it was the thrill of danger which we shared; perhaps it was a stronger thing; at any rate we felt a mutual attraction at first meeting, and before the summer end- ed I was desperately in love with her and she returned my passion. "Our society numbered folk of every social stratum, workmen, artizans, artists and professional people, but mostly we were students ranging anywhere from twenty to sixteen years old. Two of our foremost members were Boris Proudhon and Matrona Rimsky. He was a tailor, she the mistress of Professor Michail Pavlovitch of the University of Petrograd, who as a physicist was equal to Soloviev in learning and surpassed him in his dar- ing of experiment Proudhon was always loudest in debate, always most insistent on aggressive action. If one of us pre- pared a plan for introducing social legis- lation in the Duma he scoffed at the idea and insisted on a show of force, often on assassination of officials whose duties were to carry out unpopular ukases. Matrona always seconded his violent proposals and insisted that we take direct and violent action. Finally, at their suggestion, we signed our names beneath theirs to a dec- laration of intention in which we stated that if peaceful measures failed we favored violence to gain our ends. "That night the officers of the Okhrana roused me from my bed and dragged me to the fortress of St. Peter and St. Paul. They locked me in a stinking, vermin- swarming cell and left me there three weeks. Then they led me out and told me that because I was but seventeen they