THE DIARY OF ALONZO TYPER 161 shunned and dreaded name of Yian-Ho. In several places I was held up by pas- sages requiring a key. Eventually, from various allusions, I gathered that old Claes had not dared to embody all his knowledge in one book, but had left cer- tain points for another. Neither volume can be wholly intelligible without its fel- low; hence I have resolved to find the second one if it lies anywhere within this accursed house. Though plainly a pris- oner, I have not lost my lifelong zeal for the unknown; and am determined to probe the cosmos as deeply as possible be- fore doom comes. April 23 SEARCHED all the morning for the sec- ond diary, and found it about noon in a desk in the little locked room. Like the first, it is in Claes van der Heyl's barbarous Latin, and it seems to consist of disjointed notes referring to various sections of the other. Glancing through the leaves, I spied at once the abhorred name of Yian-Ho--of Yian-Ho, that lost and hidden city wherein brood eon-old secrets, and of which dim memories older than the body lurk behind the minds of all men. It was repeated many times, and the text around it was strewn with crudely-drawn hieroglyphs plainly akin to those on the pedestal in that hellish draw- ing I had seen. Here, clearly, lay the key to that monstrous tentacled shape and its forbidden message. With this knowledge I ascended the creaking stairs to the attic of cobwebs and horror. When I tried to open the attic door it stuck as never before. Several times it resisted every effort to open it, and when at last it gave way I had a distinct feeling that some colossal, unseen shape had sud- denly released it--a shape that soared away on non-material but audibly beating wings. When I found the horrible draw- ing I felt that it was not precisely where I had left it. Applying the key in the other book, I soon saw that the latter was no instant guide to the secret. It was only a clue--a clue to a secret too black to be left lightly guarded. It would take hours --perhaps days--to extract the awful message. Shall I live long enough to learn the secret? The shadowy black arms and paws haunt my vision more and more now, and seem even more titanic than at first. Nor am I ever long free from those vague, unhuman presences whose neb- ulous bulk seems too vast for the cham- bers to contain. And now and then the grotesque, evanescent faces and forms, and the mocking portrait-shapes, troop before me in bewildering confusion. Truly, there are terrible primal arcana of Earth which had better be left un- known and unevoked; dread secrets which have nothing to do with man, and which man may learn only in exchange for peace and sanity; cryptic truths which make the knower evermore an alien among his kind, and cause him to walk alone on Earth. Likewise are there dread survivals of things older and more potent than man; things that have blasphemously straggled down through the eons to ages never meant for them; monstrous entities that have lain sleeping endlessly in in- credible crypts and remote caverns, out- side the laws of reason and causation, and ready to be waked by such blasphemers as shall know their dark forbidden signs and furtive passwords. April 24 STUDIED the picture and the key all day in the attic. At sunset I heard strange sounds, of a sort not encountered before and seeming to come from far away. List- ening, I realized that they must flow from that queer abrupt hill with the circle of W. T.--3