224 WEIRD TALES a kind word from Miss Susan. She told me, very softly for fear someone might overhear, that she hopes you aren't caught. She is sure that you did not kill her father." We went into his dining-room, where William offered pancakes, fried bacon and the strongest black coffee I ever tasted. In the midst of it all, I put down my fork and faced the judge suddenly. He grinned above his cup. "Well, Mr. Wills? 'Stung by the splendor of a sudden thought'--all you need is a sensitive hand clasped to your inspired brow." "You said," I reminded him, "that Susan Gird is sure that I didn't kill her father." "So I did." "She told you that herself. She also seemed calm, self-contained, instead of in mourning for-" "Oh, come, come!" He paused to shift a full half-dozen cakes to his plate and skilfully drenched them with syrup. "That's rather ungrateful of you, Mr. Wills, suspecting her of parricide." "Did I say that?" I protested, feeling my ears turning bright red. "You would have if I hadn't broken your sentence in the middle," he accused, and put a generous portion of pancake into his mouth. As he chewed he twin- kled at me through his pince-nez, and I felt unaccountably foolish. "If Susan Gird had truly killed her father," he resumed, after swallowing, "she would be more adroitly theatrical. She would weep, swear vengeance on his murderer, and be glad to hear that some- one else had been accused of the crime. She would even invent details to help in- criminate that someone else." "Perhaps she doesn't know that she killed him," I offered. Perhaps not. You mean that a new mind, as well as a new body, may invert the werewolf--or ectoplasmic medium-- at time of change." I jerked my head in agreement. "Then Susan Gird, as she is normally, must be innocent. Come, Mr. Wills! Would you blame poor old Doctor Jekyll for the crimes of his alter ego, Mr. Hyde?" "I wouldn't want to live in the same house with Doctor Jekyll." Judge Pursuivant burst into a roar of laughter, at which William, bringing fresh supplies from the kitchen, almost dropped his tray. "So romance enters the field of psychic research!" the judge crowed at me. I stiffened, outraged. "Judge Pursui- vant, I certainly did not-" "I know, you didn't say it, but again I anticipated you. So it's not the thought of her possible unconscious crime, but the chance of comfortable companionship that perplexes you." He stopped laughing suddenly. "I'm sorry, Wills. Forgive me. I shouldn't laugh at this, or indeed at any aspect of the whole very serious busi- ness." I could hardly take real offense at the man who had rescued and sheltered me, and I said so. We finished breakfast, and he sought his overcoat and wide hat. "I'm off for town again," he an- nounced. "There are one or two points to be settled there, for your safety and my satisfaction. Do you mind being left alone? There's an interesting lot of books in my study. You might like to look at a copy of Dom Calmet's Dissertations, if you read French; also a rather slovenly Wicked Bible, signed by Pierre De Lan- cre. J. W. Wickwar, the witchcraft au- thority, thinks that such a thing does not exist, but I know of two others. Or, if W. T.-6