THE HAIRY ONES SHALL DANCE 219 if you will pardon my frankness. In any case, you saw something very werewolfish indeed, not an hour ago. Isn't that the truth?" "It was some kind of a trick," I insisted stubbornly. "A trick that almost killed you and made you run for your life?" I shook my head. "I know I saw the thing," I admitted. "I even felt it." My eyes dropped to the bruised knuckles of my right hand. "Yet I was fooled--as a magician, I know all about fooling. There can be no such thing as a were- wolf." "Have a drink," coaxed Judge Pursui- vant, exactly as if I had had none yet. With big, deft hands he poured whisky, then soda, into my glass and gave the mixture a stirring shake. "Now then," he continued, sitting back in his chair once more, "the time has come to speak of many things." He paused, and I, gazing over the rim of that welcome glass, thought how much he looked like a rosy blond walrus. "I'm going to show you," he an- nounced, "that a man can turn into a beast, and back again." 9. "To a Terrified Victim He Is Doom Itself." HE LEANED toward the bookshelf be- side him, pawed for a moment, then laid two sizable volumes on the desk be- tween us. "If this were a fantasy tale, Mr. Wills," he said with a hint of one of his smiles, "I would place before you an unthink- ably rare book--one that offered, in terms too brilliant and compelling for argu- ment, the awful secrets of the universe, past, present and to come." He paused to polish a pair of pince-nez and to clamp them upon the bridge of his broad nose. "However," he resumed, "this is real- ity, sober if uneasy. And I give you, not some forgotten grimoire out of the mystic past, but two works by two recognized and familiar authorities." I eyed the books. "May I see?" For answer he thrust one of them, some six hundred pages in dark blue cloth, across the desk and into my hands. "Thirty Years of Psychical Research, by the late Charles Richet, French master in the spirit-investigation field," he informed me. "Faithfully and interestingly trans- lated by Stanley De Brath. Published here in America, in 1923." I took the book and opened it. "I knew Professor Richet, slightly. Years ago, when I was just beginning this sort of thing, I was entertained by him in Lon- don. He introduced me to Conan Doyle." "Then you're probably familiar with his book. Yes? Well, the other," and he took up the second volume, almost as large as the Richet and bound in light buff, "is by Montague Summers, whom I call the premier demonologist of today. He's gathered all the lycanthropy-lore available." I had read Mr. Summers' Geography of Witchcraft and his two essays on the vampire, and I made bold to say so. "This is a companion volume to them," Judge Pursuivant told me, opening the book. "It is called The Werewolf." He scrutinized the flyleaf. "Published in 1934 -- thoroughly modern, you see Here's a bit of Latin, Mr. Wills: Intra- bunt lupi rapaces in vos, non parcentes gregi." I crinkled my brow in the effort to recall my high school Latin, then began slowly to translate, a word at a time: "'Enter hungry wolves-'" "Save that scholarship." Judge Pursui- vant broke in. "It's more early Scripture, though not so early as the bit about the hairy ones--vulgate for a passage from