156 WEIRD TALES ter of the unmentionable Abaddon Corey. There was a small pillared porch, and I got under it just as the storm burst. It was a fiendish tempest--black as mid- night, with rain in sheets, thunder and lightning like the day of general disso- lution, and a wind that actually clawed at me. The door was unlocked, so I took out my electric torch and went inside. Dust was inches deep on floor and furniture, and the place smelled like a mold-caked tomb. There was a hall reaching all the way through, and a curving staircase on the right. I plowed my way upstairs and selected this front room to camp out in. The whole place seems fully furnished, though most of the furniture is breaking down. This is written at 8 o'clock, after a cold meal from my traveling-case. After this the village people will bring me supplies; though they won't agree to come any closer than the ruins of the park gate until (as they say) later. I wish I could get rid of an unpleasant feel- ing of familiarity with this place. Later I AM conscious of several presences in this house. One in particular is decid- edly hostile toward me--a malevolent will which is seeking to break down my own and overcome me. I must not coun- tenance this for an instant, but must use all my forces to resist it. It is appallingly evil, and definitely non-human. I think it must be allied to powers outside Earth --powers in the spaces behind time and beyond the universe. It towers like a co- lossus, bearing out what is said in the Aklo writings. There is such a feeling of vast size connected with it that I won- der these chambers can continue its bulk --and yet it has no visible bulk. Its age must be unutterably vast--shockingly, indescribably so. April 18 Slept very little last night. At 3 a. m. a strange, creeping wind began to pervade the whole region, ever rising until the house rocked as if in a typhoon. As I went down the staircase to see to the rattling front door the darkness took half-visible forms in my imagination. Just below the landing I was pushed violently from behind--by the wind, I suppose, though I could have sworn I saw the dissolving outlines of a gigantic black paw as I turned quickly about. I did not lose my footing, but safely fin- ished the descent and shot the heavy bolt of the dangerously shaking door. I had not meant to explore the house before dawn; yet now, unable to sleep again and fired with mixed terror and curiosity, I felt reluctant to postpone my search. With my powerful torch I plowed through the dust to the great south par- lor, where I knew the portraits would be. There they were, just as V-- had said, and as I seemed to know from some obscurer source as well. Some were so blackened and dust-clouded that I could make little or nothing of them, but from those I could trace I recognized that they were indeed of the hateful line of the van der Heyls. Some of the paintings seemed to suggest faces I had known; but just what faces, I could not recall. The outlines of that frightful hybrid Joris--spawned in 1773 by old Dirck's youngest daughter--were clearest of all, and I could trace the green eyes and the serpent look in his face. Every time I shut off the flashlight that face would seem to glow in the dark until I half fancied it shone with a faint, greenish light of its own. The more I looked, the more evil it seemed, and I turned away to