46 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine He had married Janice against his will. He had no love to offer her, but he would never have deliberately broken the vows he made to her. He believed that he had neither given nor claimed anything from her, but he had never meant to hurt her. Dawn was long past when he fell into an uneasy sleep, and it seemed as though he had slept only a few moments when he was awakened by a hurried knocking on his door, and in answer to his sleepy call, a maid came in. "Oh, sir," she cried, "I've just been to madam's room; her bed hasn't been slept in, and I found this." She held out an envelope as she spoke. With a queer feeling at his heart he ripped open the envelope. A moment later he was staring down at the slip of paper in his hand. "I am going away," Janice had written. "You will realize that the best thing for us both is to end our marriage." As he read those lines and knew that she was gone, he knew that he loved the girl whom he had mar- ried. A groan of anguish broke from him. Had he learned the truth too late? CHAPTER VIII. Janice sat on the edge of the nar- row bed in the room which she had engaged in a quiet hotel in the East Fifties. It was all unspeakably drab- the walls with their faded paper, the dressing table on which the scarf was not quite clean, the dingy net curtains at the window only half veiling the dull sky beyond. How different it all was from the surroundings which had been hers in Roger Greville's home. She had determined to try to get work on the stage, remembering what Sefton Arlen had said to her. But she was equally determined not to seek his help, for she felt that he was the sort of man whose, friend- ship meant danger to any girl. Besides, she wanted to be inde- pendent. One of the girls who used to work with her had been on the stage, and from her Janice had heard about theatrical agents through whom it was possible to obtain stage work. As soon as she had breakfasted, she purchased a weekly theatrical paper, searching the columns of the paper for what she wanted. She found the names and ad- dresses of several agents, and se- lected one which was not far away. But when she reached the open doorway inside which a narrow stair- case led upward to the agent's office, her courage almost deserted her. Climbing the stairs, she entered the waiting room, and her heart sank again as she saw the number of people who were already there. She sat down nervously, aware that every one was staring at her, and there followed the most uncom- fortable ten minutes she had ever known in her life. If she had had the courage to do so, she would have got up and gone out, and she was just trying to sum- mon it to her aid when an inner door opened and a small, dark man came out. He was accompanied by a taller, gray-haired man, and the two of them walked to the door ten gether, and as they parted, the former turned and caught sight of Janice. He paused and stared at her. "Tell me," he demanded, "where 