98 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine to me- told me it was my clothes. She sold me this suit yesterday, and told me to buy a hat." After luncheon, they bought the lining for the hat, but the trimmer wouldn't sew it in because the hat hadn't been bought there. "There are needle and thread at home," Norman said tentatively. "Then you can sew it in," Mabrue told him with an impish grin. "And lose my amateur standing. Let's go buy the peach do-dads." "I veto further splurging, dear ex- husband." "Whadda ya mean 'ex'? The word is 'future' husband." When they climbed into Norman's car, they had the peach do-dads. During the short drive, Mabrue was telling herself that, Aunt Bes- sie to the contrary, it was all right to accept these things from a young man for whom you had done an inestimable favor. It was all right to go to his apartment when he was as nice as Norman, to do him an- other favor. It was a walk-up brownstone, quietly elegant. The vestibule boasted brass letter boxes complete with speaking tubes and push but- tons. The floors were black-and- white marble. The stair carpet, tur- key-red. "I'd like to slide down the ban- isters," laughed Mabrue. A second later all their purchases were on the stairs, and she was fly- ing downward on the shining rail. She hit the nearest post hard. "Saves me spanking you," grinned Norman. "I do not intend to do anything to warrant a spanking, sir." "Oh, no?" Norman's straight black-brows shot up comically. The telephone was ringing as they entered the apartment. "Look around while I answer it," Norman suggested. Mabrue wandered from the spa- cious drawing-room with its massive furniture, rich silk hangings, and deep-piled carpet, into a small room. She caught her breath at the sheer beauty that met her eyes. Cabi- nets filled with exquisite Chinese porcelains lined three of the walls. When Norman joined her, she said: "I didn't know there was any- thing so exquisitely beautiful in all the world." "Exquisitely beautiful, yes, but dashed valuable and by way of being a nuisance. The apartment is never left alone nights because of this stuff. Aunt Ellen gathered it when she lived in the Orient. That was the old girl on the wire. I've got to stay in Deal for the funeral. Norah, our cook, is ill at her daughter's. Belle the day cleaner, won't stay here nights alone. I'll have to phone some of my friends and see if I can get any of them to stay." "I'll sew the lining in while you do it," offered Mabrue. "You know, I could look at that lovely china forever." "That's all it's good for- to be gazed at. Too easily broken to be used or even touched. Like friend- ship when you ask a favor." "Or hearts." "Hearts don't break. I ought to know," he said savagely, but did not explain. He led her into a bed- sitting room, with ivory-colored walls and furniture, gay chintzes and rugs. Through the sunny win- dow, Mabrue saw with surprise a small, square lawn, hedged in, and a little maple tree. "The only young room we boast," Norman commented. "Aunt Ellen fixed it up for her grandniece, Faith, but the poor kid was so scared of / 