Midnight Madness 39 "If you don't mind leaving a package with Lawrence &amp; Nye's," he said. "There are some papers they wanted my signature to." Lawrence &amp; Nye were the family lawyers. Janice was glad that she really had an excuse to go into the town, for apart from his errand she had nothing to do there at all. But she felt that she could not stay indoors, could not bear to be alone with Roger lest she should betray herself. She loved him so much, and in spite of everything, she was less than nothing to him. The knowledge was double torture now. When she had gone, he sat star- ing in front of him, his hands clenched. He, too, was tortured- tortured by uncertainty which if it were turned into certainty, he felt, would be still greater agony. But he told himself it couldn't be true. Gina Mornington could not have come to him last night the memo- ries which haunted him were just a dream. He reached for a book and, open- ing it, tried to read, but he could not do so. All the time, a girl's face came between him and the printed page. It was not the face of the girl he believed he loved, but of the girl whom he had made his wife. He shut the book impatiently. Why should he be so strangely haunted by Janice? Why should he imagine that there was something different about her to-day, as though her beauty had intensified and at the same time taken on a hint of tragedy which it had not held be- fore? Could it be possible that she cared for Sefton Arlen? It was strange how the thought disturbed him. Yet she was noth- ing to him. Nothing? A dark flush stained his cheek. She was a girl whose life he had taken and used for his own ends, and however much he might tell himself that she had benefited by the change in her circumstances, his sense of justice and his sense of honor both told him that she de- served more than he had given her. Suddenly he found himself re- membering the strange attraction which she had held for him that kiss with which he had claimed his bride at his father's bedside, that night when he had paced beneath her window and felt the strength of his emotions like a magnet drawing him to her. It seemed years ago now. All that part of his life appeared to have been cut away by the arrival of Gina Mornington. Suppose Gina Mornington had not come back? Would he have learned to love the girl whom he had mar- ried? But he told himself impatiently, that love comes only once in a life- time- real love- and that he had given to Gina Mornington. He rose impatiently and, walking across to the desk, helped himself to a cigarette from the box which stood upon it. But, after one or two puffs, he flung it into the fire. He crossed the room and sat down on a couch near one of the long French windows. While he sat there staring discon- tentedly into space, he heard a girl's voice outside the door and turned his head quickly as it opened, ex- pecting to see Janice, but the girl who stood smiling at him from the threshold was Gina Mornington. "You're not to get up!" she ex- 