34 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine tented rapture of love given and returned. At last, breathless, she drew back with a smile and a faint shake of her head. Now she wanted to have him speak, to put his endearments into words. He gazed down at her, his eyes melting into hers. "That's the answer to my dreams, darling," he began. "You in my arms, and-" Footsteps behind them made him pause. Beverly drew away from him as some one came up the steps. It was the young assistant manager of the hotel. "Oh, good evening, Miss Fen- wick," he murmured. "And, Mr. Larrimore, how are you?" He looked fully as embarrassed as they over having interrupted their tête-à-tête. Trying to ease the situa- tion, he paused and turned just be- fore he entered the lobby. "I saw that charming mother of yours at the casino," he said to Beverly. "She was certainly enjoy- ing herself." Then he left them, blissfully igno- rant of having hurled a verbal bomb- shell. Gordon's manner underwent a complete change. He looked at Bev- erly accusingly, his brows knitting together. "I thought you said your mother was staying in her room?" "That's what she wanted me to say," explained Beverly. "But, in- stead, she went to the Lakeside Casino with-" "With Sebastian!" he burst out, and she nodded, wondering at his vehemence. Then, to her greater astonishment, he started across to- ward the steps. Bewildered, she clutched- at his arm almost frantically. "Gordon, I don't understand you!" she cried, her voice breaking. "What can it matter to you what my mother does, if-" But, with an impatient shake of his head, he freed his arm and fairly ran down the steps and around the drive toward the hotel garage. Two minutes later, he roared past the porch in his roadster. The sound of his motor died away in the direc- tion of the casino. Beverly, moving as in a dream, went down the steps and gazed blankly after him. So rapidly had shock followed shock that she was still dry-eyed, hurt to numbness. So he had made love to her only in the absence of her mother! And the moment he had learned where her mother was, he had flung off after her! Great sobs began to shake the girl's slender body. Like a wounded thing, she wandered into the hotel garden and, flinging herself upon a bench, gave way to her heartbreak and humiliation. Half an hour later, her grief mo- mentarily spent, Beverly rose wea- rily from the bench. She entered the hotel by a rear door, not want- ing any one to see her stricken face and swollen eyelids. She found herself in the unlighted sun parlor. Off this room a rear staircase led to the upper floors. She was moving across the room, feeling her way, when two persons entered at the side door from the porch. She drew back into the shadows. The porch light fell on the pair who had come in. Her mother and Se- bastian! She smiled bitterly at the realization that Gordon had evi- dently missed them. Then she drew in her breath sharply as she saw that her mother was walking a little un- steadily. "I feel funny," said Mrs. Fen- 