136 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine tion. With any degree of thought it should be a satis- factory business and personal day and you can expect to have a light and enjoyable evening. The main idea about to-day is that it brings mat- ters to a climax. Do not waste your hours, because to- morrow inaugurates a new cy- clc and you must be ready for it. Wednesday, April 3rd There is a New Moon at 7:06 a. m., which begins the new cycle mentioned yesterday. The morning hours are har- monious and pleasant, but business is in order until noon. It is a most efficient day and evening, and you will be able to accomplish much. Even though the slight emotional problems and the pressure of circumstances are upsetting and disturbing to your poise, keep going. Be busy and utilize all your talents. Thursday, April 4th The waking hours are emo- tional and there will be do- mestic problems to handle. Exciting circumstances can be expected until noon. Stay on the job and avoid rashness and impulsiveness. Consider no idea which is not in keep- ing with your program and treat the superficial happen- ings this morning as tem- porary, factors in your life. The afternoon hours are pleas- ant and good for social rela- tions. The evening hours bring the inclination toward recreation and enjoyment and the general trend is favorable. Friday, April 5th Affairs which were started earlier in the week will en- gage your attention to-day, but you will not be able to do justice to your efficient ideas. There is too much emotion and feeling indicated in the planetary conditions and you will have to postpone vital matters until later. IF YOU WERE BORN BETWEEN March 21st and April 20th (Aries) -Aries people born between March 21st and 27th will have changeable conditions in connection with finances at this time, but a readjustment is in order and you should force issues at this time so that you can prepare for the future, when conditions be- come better. If born between April 1st and 8th, you will have turbulent conditions in connection with partners and associates, but there is very little that you can do about it. Try to maintain your poise and remember that haste and impulsiveness will defeat your purpose. This is a favorable week socially, but you will probably spend more money than you can afford. If born between April 12th and 20th, you will be relieved of some of the turbulent conditions which have existed in the past and there will be a chance for you to advance your interests. This is a good mental week for the latter group. April 20th and May 21st (Taurus) -Taureans born between April 20th and 25th can expect some of the changes they have been anticipating. Deal with older people, reconstruct your lives and see that there is no debris on hand which will pre- vent you from accomplishing your goal. It is a time for forceful action and a deter- mined program. If born between May 1st and 10th, you will find your intuition help- ful at this time, and the week is a pleas- ant one socially and emotionally. Take care of your health and avoid excesses, remembering to be cautious about minor ac- cidents. If born between May 14th and 21st, you will find discussions and relations with friends beneficial at this time. Make decisions and look to the future. You are relieved of some of the pressure you have experienced the past few months and even though your finances are a problem, you can now proceed with more confidence than you have been able to exhibit in the past. May 21st and June 21st (Gemini) -Geminians born between May 21st and 26th will have responsibility in business and will not be able to exert their person- alities to full extent. Expect changes, hec- tic circumstances and hard work under lim- iting conditions. If born between June 1st and 9th, there will be confusion in the home and such a pressure of circumstances 