66 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine they must have cost you a whole week's salary." So he thought her a working girl! Like most of the others at the house party. Laughing inwardly Eve crushed the impulse to confess that she was the only child of John Hilton, in- ventor and multimillionaire, and supposed to have been engaged in her cradle to that wealthy playboy, Cyril Clarke. "I've seen you somewhere be- fore," Bob mused. "Did you sell me some things in Denton's base- ment?" "No," Eve answered demurely, but her eyes danced mischievously. "Perhaps I waited on you in the five-and-ten." On a rustic bench on the hilltop- Eve and Bob talked. He spoke briefly of his hospital work, shyly of his ambitions. She said her mother had died when she was a tot, but her father was a grand pal. Lately, he hadn't seemed like him- self. Weak heart. She worried. Suddenly Eve was startled by a fierce new longing. She ached to be held close in Bob's arms. "Let's go back and dance, Bob," she suggested overcarelessly. "It's stuffy inside. All that gang. Besides, I don't dance. Haven't time. Work all day and sometimes all night." She chattered to ease her wild longing. "ather says I danced be- fore I walked. He let me have the best teachers. Paris, Petrograd. But he always hoots when I say I'd dance for my supper if I ever had to earn my own-" She stopped, furious at her slip. He stared at her for a painful moment, his mouth rigid. "Sorry," he muttered. "You must think me an utter ass." He lighted a ciga- rette, but didn't smoke; instead, ground it fiercely under his heel. "Of course, you're Eve Hilton, deb, John Hilton's daughter. Your pic- ture's forever in the rotogravure. It always rested me the Sunday I didn't see your face. Pretty dumb of me to mistake you for a work- ing girl. It'll be a grand joke to tell your friends. Five-and-ten! Just let me tell you, young lady," he went on savagely, s"ome of the nicest girls I ve ever met work in the five-and-ten!" "Bob," she pleaded, "I didn't mean- Please-" "Shall we go back?" His imper- sonal tone stung her. She lashed out at him, "I hate you." But she knew it wasn't hate, but the magic fever of love pulsat- ing through her veins. He was so attractive, so straight, so decent. He eyed her coolly, but his jaw was a hard knot. "Good. It won't be hard to teach myself to hate you, too, Miss Hil- ton. How you must be laughing up your sleeve at making a monkey of me!" She wanted to cry out her love and longing. Instead, she stood up, her voice pointed icicles. "I'm go- ing back to Lucile." He stood up, too, and brought his stern young face close to hers. "Spoiled, pampered child. Used to getting your own way. Well, you're a stick of dynamite for a struggling young doctor like me. Labeled Dangerous- keep away." The next instant she was swept roughly into his arms, and, her golden hair hardly reaching his shoulders, she felt herself lifted on tiptoe. He kissed her lips until they warmed under his. He kissed her again and again, not tenderly, but fiercely, until she hung limp in his arms. "Let me go!" she stormed, and 