86 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine nothing beside Reine's dusky loveli- ness. "We can row up to Pirate's Rock for a picnic," Francine was saying. "I know the dearest spot, Bart, and we-" "Oh, here you are," Reine said. deliberately, dark eyes fastened on Bart's white, drawn face. "This is our dance, isn t it, Bart?" The music began a slow, waltz. Reine slipped into Bart's arms and caught the malignant look Francine bestowed upon her. Out of earshot, she whispered: "I had to talk to you, Bart. I -I was afraid you wouldn't ask me to dance." "I have good manners, even though my judgment is poor," he re- plied coldly, not looking at her. They reached the open French doors leading; to the veranda. "Let's go outside. Please!" she coaxed when she read curt refusal in his eyes. There was a full pale moon riding high in the star-studded sky, its image weaving and trembling in the smooth mirror of the lake that stretched away from the foot of the garden. It sifted through the screen of scarlet ramblers that trellised the far end of the porch. She maneu- vered Bart to this spot, where shad- ows gave it mystery and a hint of romance. He laughed bitterly. "You choose an ideal setting, Miss Rogers- moonlight, music, and a beautiful girl." She pressed back against the ram- blers, a blur of white against scar- let. One hand clutched the trellis' for support, the other reached to- ward him in childish appeal. "Bart, you must believe that Carl had no right to- to kiss me." He stiffened. His voice quavered with something deeper than anger. "You gave him that right. I saw you tempt him. I heard what said before-" "You're horribly wrong," she broke in. She swung close to him, a vibrant spark of loveliness. One hand caught his shoulder, and she raised her face to his. "I've never given any man but you the right to kiss me, Bart." He caught her wrists and held her away from him. "You'll not trick me again," he lashed out. "Francine warned me you'd try it. Well, I'm onto your scheme yours and Sam Hollis's and the man who hires him to do his dirty work. I'll have them where I want them in a few hours. Then I'll crush the whole filthy machine, and you with it" 