48 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine That day she went to Arnold Whitehouse's office in the afternoon. As she entered the waiting room, the office door was flung wide open, and he came out and beckoned to his secretary, who was talking to a golden-haired girl. As he turned back, he caught sight of Janice and paused to speak to her. "Nothing to-day," he told her, and then added in a lower voice: "But if you'll be in promptly at eleven to-morrow morning, I may be able to fix you up. I don't prom- ise, but there is just a chance." She thanked him and, as he went back into his office, and she left the waiting room, there was new hope in her heart. She got halfway down the stairs toward the street when she heard footsteps, descending behind her, and a voice called to her. She turned to find the agent's secretary close to her, holding out an envelope. "Mr. Whitehouse said that if you would go to this address at once, with this letter, there is a chance you might get something right away." Before Janice could reply, the secretary had turned and was gone. Janice glanced down at the en- velope in her hand. The flap was sealed down, and it was addressed to "Mr. Paige Rendell, Star Thea- ter," and marked "Urgent." Less than a quarter of an hour later, Janice found herself entering the stage door of the Star Theater, and in reply to the inquiry, of the doorkeeper, she showed him the letter. He sent a boy who was in the office with it, bidding him "take that to Mr. Rendell." In a short time, the boy came back, asking Janice to follow him. She never forgot the interview which followed, and when she left the theater, she could hardly believe that she had actually been hired by one of the most famous producers in New York, to play a part in the play which was then in rehearsal. The girl who had been originally engaged for the part had been taken ill that morning, and it was difficult to find a girl to fill her place. Janice happened to be the exact type needed for the part, which, though it was not a large one, was very im- portant. When she confessed to having had no real experience, the producer merely nodded. "That doesn't matter. I am sure that you will be all right," he told her. Janice had never known what real nervousness meant, until she stood on the deserted stage at the Star at eleven o'clock the next morning. She had never believed, that any ordeal could be so terrible, and it was only sheer will power which stopped her from failing. Several times Paige Rendell stopped her, making her go over the piece again, and each time, as she caught the exact intonation he di- rected, he gave a nod of approval. He saw at once that she was a born actress and needed very little teach- ing. At lunch time the rehearsal was dismissed until the afternoon, and Janice was just walking off the stage after the others when the producer called her back. "Just a minute, Miss Darling," he said. "A gentleman here is very anxious to make your acquaintance, or rather renew it for I understand that you have met before." An immaculately dressed figure had just strolled out of the shadows, and Janice felt her heart miss a beat, LS 3F 