134 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine "But, mother, we're engaged. I've promised to marry Robert. I've promised to go out when he sends for me!" "Come, Robert," said Uncle Al- bert, suddenly practical. "Or you'll miss the train." Robert Pennel did not move. "It's true," he told Mrs. Trench soberly. "I'm sorry if it seems so so sudden." Then he kissed Diane again a long, clinging kiss and was in the car. Stephen Trench drove as if possessed; the train was caught by inches, but he squeezed Robert's hand in a final message. "Could you drive a bit slower," asked Uncle Albert, on the way back. "I'd like to finish this cigar." He chuckled suddenly. "Bless youth!" he ejaculated. "Love will find a way, old top." Stephen Trench said nothing. His sharp satisfaction was tempered by the knowledge that he had yet his wife to face. The guests, as he had supposed, were gone, the anagrams forgotten, good nights said with false gayety. Stephen, hearing raised voices, quickened his steps. Diane was facing her mother and aunt in the room, littered with rem- nants of a dead party. "Oh, mother, how could you! You tried, you schemed, just to keep us from those last, few hours. Weren't you ever young? Don't you understand?" Diane's young tones were ringing out passionately. She broke off at sight of her father in the doorway. Stephen put his arm about her waist silently. Mrs. Trench saw father and daugh- ter clinging together, facing her de- fiantly, but it remained for Aunt Emily to make the capitulation for her sister. "It's probably all for the best, Agnes." "For the best," repeated Mrs. Trench, slowly. She looked baffled, beaten, then a faint gleam appeared in her eyes. "Well," she said decisively, rising, "there is one thing I should like to know, Diane. When, please, did this mad proposal take place?" Diane went swiftly to her mother s side. "Mother, you're going to be nice about it, aren't you? I'm so happy and I do want you to see it's for the best, like Aunt Emily says." "But when, Diane? How-" Diane looked suddenly radiant. "It was Grandma Prosser's music," she laughed joyously. "When Robert and I were kids, we used to play to each other across the lot with the windows open. We made up a code so that we could talk to each other." From the open window came the unmistakable smell of Uncle Albert's cigar, and an equally unmistakable chuckle. "Proposal by music," said Uncle Albert. "In the bosom of the family. Well, well!" Mrs. Trench sat down suddenly in the nearest chair. "Stephen, dear," she said shakily, "will you please fetch me a glass of water?" Beaten as she was, she looked once more at Diane's radiant face, her sparkling eyes, and her defeat was complete. She held out a hand to the girl. "I've heard some people say that the East is a romantic place," she was admitting reluctantly, as Stephen returned with the glass of water. 