36 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine shall have to do something regret- table. Just turn your back to me, and put both hands behind you." There was no mistaking the steely menace in his low tones. Beverly did as he ordered. Hastily he tore some pull cords from the window drapes and tied her hands and feet. Then he turned her around to gag her with a handkerchief. Behind him she saw suddenly a man's form blocking the doorway. Her heart gave a leap as she rec- ognized Gordon. The next moment he sprang across the intervening space and hurled his six feet of weight and muscle upon Sebastian. Sebastian struggled fiercely, but once the revolver was wrested from his grasp he was at the mercy of the stronger man. By the time ho- tel attendants rushed to the scene, Gordon had his opponent down. Beverly sighed, and then did a sur- prising thing for a healthy, athletic girl. She quietly fainted. It was the following morning, in the sitting room of the Fenwicks suite. "You see," explained Gordon, "my father is president of the Zenith Insurance Co. I'm a member of the firm, in charge of the operatives- the detectives who investigate jewel thefts." "I begin to see," said Beverly. Her eyes were shining as she watched him pace the room while he talked. "I came here for a few days rest," he went on. "Then I saw this fellow Sebastian hanging around your mother. I recognized him as a man we had had under suspicion in a recent robbery. So what could I do? Your mother's jewels were insured by our company. It be- came my duty to stick close to her and Sebastian. I couldn't arrest him until he did something crimi- nal." "So that's why you left me," she murmured, "right in the middle of-" "Of telling you I loved you? Yes. I knew your mother was in danger, and there was no time to lose. I reached the, casino after she and Sebastian had left, trailed them back here, and caught him red-handed." He came across the room now and took her hands in his, looking down at her-tenderly. "May I go on where I left off, darling, and tell you that I love you, adore you, want you? That from the moment I saw you, I knew you were the answer to all my dreams?" "I want to hear it all," she breathed, "over and over again. But, first, hold me tight and kiss me!" He took her in his arms, and she gave herself up, utterly to the sweet, delicious rapture of his kiss. A voice behind them finally broke in upon their blissful oblivion. "You make a sweet couple," said - Mrs. Fenwick from the doorway. She came toward them smilingly. "How disillusioned I was!" she continued lightly. "Thinking two young men were fascinated by me, when one wanted my pearls and the other only wished to protect me." "Oh, mother, don't you mind!" ex- claimed Beverly, embracing her sympathetically. "No sympathy needed, my dear. I'm cured. I've just accepted my lawyer's proposal of marriage over the telephone. We'll have a gorgeous double wedding, Beverly!" 