Borrowed Man 63 playing his part well. This was a natural thing for two lovers to do. With his arm about her waist, he led her out onto the terrace, like a balcony in the sky overlooking the lamp-sprinkled darkness of the city. In the distance was the river and the slowly moving lights of a boat. Boxed evergreens behind them screened them from the bright, open doorway to the dance floor. A sudden, painful bit of logic flashed through Merrilee's mind. Out here, there was no need for Harvey to "act." He couldn't be seen. So he had come out for a respite. But Harvey apparently didn't re- alize his opportunity. Instead of taking his arm from her waist, he tightened it, until they faced each other. He put his other arm around her, suddenly held her close to him, and pressed his lips against hers, in a long, deep kiss. It was so deep, so burning, that for a moment it felt real, and it took all her will power to hold her cool senses. She tried desperately to speak lightly. "Thank you, sir. But you don't have to do that. Helen can't see us here. You can relax." He released her from his arms. His willingness to let her go when there was no need to hold her some- how scraped cruelly against her al- ready raw, taut nerves. Before she realized it, she had spoken again, bitterly: "Besides, Nola mightn't like it!" The instant the words were ut- tered, she was sorry. She hadn't put any pleasant bantering into her voice this time. Instead, she had let it show that she was hurt. Now Harvey would despise her. But the look which came imme- diately to his face, for some reason, wasn't a look of disdain. It was a look of astonishment, then of par- tial understanding. Something like gladness hovered in his gray eyes. "I'll have to confess about Nola," he said, slowly. "She's a very nice girl, but I only dated her because -Well, look here, Merrilee! Your time was occupied with lots of other men. I knew that from what Nola told me, and from what you said yourself. I didn't want to pre- sume an our fifty-fifty business re- lationship. You set the limits of it pretty clearly. But I thought if I went out with Nola now and then, you'd be along. And if I could only be around you more, I still had a vague hope that-" He hesitated. Merrilee put her hand,on his arm, clasped it. She looked up eagerly into his'gray eyes, and the gladness that was hovering there seemed sud- denly to have lit them, for they were glowing tenderly now. "You had a hope that what?" she urged him. He seized her in his arms, held her crushed close against him, kissed her soft, yielding lips. "I hoped," he whispered, that we could go on with our fifty-fifty plan with a slight change, though. I'll pay all the expenses. You think up the ideas for games and things to pretend before your friends. You think up all that sort of thing, after we do one thing that I've thought up, darling." "What is it, dearest?" "That we get married. Will you?" "Oh, Harvey, dearest. I thought that up long ago," she murmured. "So did I the first time I went- out with you, sweetheart." He kissed her again. Even if they hadn't been on the lofty ter- race above the city's roofs, above the river and its slowly moving lights, she'd have felt that she was just as high, carried by her joyous, soaring heart. 