Orchid Girl 71 him away and beat upon him with her fists. She panted, "Don't touch me again, or I'll jump out." "Sorry, Eve," he apologized, peni- tent. "I'll behave. Just lost my head thinking that in a few hours now you'll belong all to me, for- ever and keeps. You're so beauti- ful. You've always had me eating out of your hand." They rode the next few miles in tense silence. Eve relived that snatched moment of bliss on the moonlit bluff. Bob's kisses! Her first kiss of real love! Then, her lips, her heart, her entire body had awak- ened in the dizzying ecstasy of those kisses. Now she scrubbed franti- cally with her handkerchief to wipe off Cy's shameful kisses, until her lips felt like a slash of burning red. "Cy," she begged, please turn back. "I can't marry you. There's some one else." But Cy wasn't listening. His eyes were riveted on the car reflector. "My Heaven," he gasped sud- denly, "we are being followed, chased! I thought back there I heard a car. Sure's anything; they're after me. What'll I do?" he moaned. Eve jerked upright in shuddering terror. "Who's after you? What do you mean?" Then, when he didn't answer, but continued to mutter incoherently, she shook his arm desperately, try- ing not to scream. "Tell me, Cy!" He mumbled: "The Dennison gang- Baby-face Morton. I got in wrong with him at a hand bookie's. He said he'd get me. Eve flashed a glance through the rear window. A car was tearing around a turn in the road. "What'll they do, Cy? To us? To me?" she demanded, amazed at her controlled voice. "Kidnap us," he babbled. "Hold us for ransom, perhaps torture us, burn out our eyes as they did to the Redmond brothers, kill us." Eve sat motionless. She fought panic-terror down. She felt incased in the ice of fear. Too numb to move or think or speak. She was still so young. Life was sweet. So much ahead of her. Success, per- haps even love. But death, if she couldn't have Bob, wouldn't be so bad. Anyhow, she'd never ask mercy of those gangsters. She'd die game, with her boots on, as her dar- ling good sport of a father often said. A half sob burst from Cy's lips. "They're gaining on me! Egad, why didn't I pack my rod to-night? I could shoot it out." The next in- stant he burst into a string of oaths. "So help me, out of gas! I told Rob- inson to fill the tank when I ran the car into our garage this afternoon. He ll get his if-" The car slith- ered to a standstill. The pursuing auto shot around another turn in the road and slid to a stop a few feet ahead of Cy's roadster. Cy dropped his head on his hands, which still gripped the wheel, and sobbed hysterically. "Oh, Eve, if only I hadn't dragged you into this!" Eve glanced at him contemptu- ously. He was yellow through and through. Chicken-hearted! Though terror froze her and her imagination tortured her, she said: "Brace up. The worst hasn't happened yet." Tormented by horrid visions of being bound and gagged, she glued her eyes to the door of that other car. In another breath, now, out would leap a gang of masked ban- dits with machine guns, and she and Cy-- To her gasped amazement, only a single figure emerged and ran fleetly 