The Friend In Need 153 fess that I have had my share of unwelcome attentions from men who should have known better. I'm a high-school graduate, and because of poor business conditions I lost my job as secretary and had to take the first job that came along. That was as waitress beyond city limits in a so-called respectable tavern. In comparison to my previous knowledge of life, I learned the cruder facts of human nature. The people I met were of the wrong kind, and I soon became disillu- sioned. I distrusted all men. I lost faith so completely that when friends called to take me out, I preferred to stay home and read. Fortunately, I told my troubles to an old friend. He said I had no reason to feel that way, because I was merely an on- looker, while those fools openly petted in smoke-filled rooms and drank bad whisky. He advised me to get a job in a different place, pick my friends more carefully, and especially stop being alone so much and avoiding all men friends. I followed his advice. At first, I found that all boys expected you to smoke, drink and neck until all hours. However, I discarded those friends and tried to find others. Right now my ideals are normal again. I have met many decent young men and have many good times without cause for complaint. My advice to Socrates is to stop being a crab and look for friends elsewhere. If he is really as nice a young man as he says, it shouldn't be hard for him to meet nice people, and interest himself in some equally nice girl. I know that from now on I will continue to look for a man who comes up to my standards, and I hope I have the patience, because I've met many poor examples. When I have no place to go, I sew or knit and try my hand at the things that make a girl a successful housekeeper. Girls, do you think it's foolish of me to wait and hope that some day I will find the right man? I'd like to hear from any one who reads this letter. I really think there are many good men left. Am I wrong? Babs. I am sure you are not wrong in your belief that there are many good men left. And I agree with you that it isn't fair to judge every one by the shortcomings of a few. Per- haps after reading these two letters, Socrates and Blue Barney will take time to think things over. However, here is a young man who agrees with Socrates that nice girls are almost nonexistent. Dear Mrs. Brown: I don't know whether this letter will ever find its way into print. But after reading Socrates's letter I would certainly like to shake hands with a real man. I agree with him that girls these days are "nothing but playthings who revel in pet- ting and kisses; drink, paint, and smoke like a chimney." None of them have any com- mon sense. Every girl I have ever dated drank, smoked, and having a good time was her special interest. If she met a fellow who could spend more on her than her cur- rent boy friend, all the better, and the old friend was given the well-known air with- out so much as a "thank you." Socrates said, that if a fellow isn't what the girls call a good sport, and if he doesn't join in drinking like the others, he is seldom asked anywhere. His deductions are cer- tainly correct. I don't care for liquor. I could never see what fun people could have when they were tight and couldn't see straight. As for easy kisses, there's no glamour when a girl kisses every fellow who takes her out. But that seems to be what the girls want. Girls also complain that boys get "fresh" and forget to behave like gentlemen. Girls may complain, but they fall for a fellow just the same, if only to add another "scalp" to their list. Maybe you'll say I feel this way because I haven't met the "only girl." I've met lots of girls, but couldn't fall in love with any of them, because I saw nothing to fall in love with. I really don't believe there are any honest-to-goodness girls, and the boys I know think the same. I'm twenty-three, have had two years of college, and am now working in a con- tractor's office. I'm considered good-look- ing, and have been told I have a likable personality. So I don't think that the rea- son I haven't found the right girl is be- cause I'm not presentable. Another thing that jars me is that girls lack loyalty. They are pals when a fellow can take them places, but when he's broke -well, that's his hard luck, and they openly admit there are plenty of other fellows who don't have to economize. I have heard of only one ease where the 