128 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine thinking: "She's more like her mother every day." She sat down beside him. "Has mother told you about Robert?" "Yes. Too bad he has to go like this, just when you've renewed acquaintance. It's the way of the world, young lady." He tried to speak lightly. He knew he was be- ing a coward, caught in the usual diplomacy and insincerity of pre- tending. She said, after a pause: "Is it the- the way of the world to step on people deliberately?" "My dear!" "Oh, you know, daddy. You know why mother's doing all this, having people in, pretending to be nice to Robert. She's afraid- afraid to let us be alone. So she robs us of the few hours we have. I won't stand for it!" Her chin was re- bellious. He patted her hand. "Your mother means well, dear." Diane flung at him: "She thinks the East is all horrid. Is it?" Stephen Trench spoke only after consideration. . "The East is like the West, Diane -not all good, not all bad. We make, whatever place we are in, our- selves. We create it with our own eyes, our minds, and hearts." He paused, then put a hand on her knee. "The East, for me, was a place of miracle. But so was this garden." A voice called from the house: "Stephen! Diane! Could you help me, please? There are some things to be done." They faced each other. He patted her hand. "Try to remember, Diane dear. Your mother means well. She's done a lot for both of us." How often had he said things like that, extending to Diane the bonds of his own subjugation? "Yes, daddy. I'll try." Mrs. Trench, with smiling mouth and unsmiling eyes, welcomed them as helpers in the rearrangement, of furniture. Everywhere one looked were the earmarks of an occasion. She was determined to give Robert a good farewell. Aunt Emily and Uncle Albert came to share a hasty supper, and Aunt Emily was taken aside right after and told the news. Uncle Albert was not permitted to enjoy this confidence. He had a frank manner that was disconcerting He never beat about the bush,, or said things obliquely, or fluttered ex- pressive eybrows, like Aunt Emily. He was, declared the sisters, "en- tirely lacking in subtlety," though there were strange, disconcerting moments when he spoke with his tongue very much in his cheek. Aunt Emily, unlike Mrs. Trench, was pale, and painted pictures not unlike herself. It was whispered that her genius was burning her out, but the family doctor rudely said: her consumptive look, was likely to last out threescore and ten. "You did quite right, Agnes!" agreed Emily. "Of course, I knew the Pennels, and Robert once broke one of my frames with stones when he was quite a child. But really, his mother was- well, you remember her- she was just a Brunton. As for this Eastern business, it is quite absurd." Agnes Trench felt strenghtened. She was most gracious to Robert Pennel when he arrived, ushering him immediately into the drawing room, calling sweetly to Diane who had been sent upstairs for something unnecessary: "Robert is here, Diane, dear!" Aunt Emily engaged Robert instantly in conversation. She spoke in vague, broken sen- tences, full of incomplete signifi- cances, the trend of which Robert LS 8F 