96 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine had since I came to the city. It was worse back home." "Why, you poor, sweet bunny!" His free arm went around her, and his concerned eyes looked into hers. "Dewy violets," he breathed, and kissed her soft, tremulous mouth with infinite tenderness. For a second, Mabrue clung to him, then freed-herself. "You will play with Norman, sweet. Vi Eye?" he pleaded softly. "But the d-darns," she wailed. "I love em because you did 'em with your own fair hands." When Mr. Smithers slipped off Mabrue's scuffed brown oxford, and the darns were revealed in all their neatness, Mabrue flushed rosily. While the salesman was seeking the blue kid pumps and brown ox- fords asked for, Norman said: "I crave to see those enchanting ankles in sheers." "How you do run on, Mr. Nor- ris," laughed Mabrue, her color deepening. "Does my running get me to the goal I hope for?" he demanded. "Does it usually? You must have had plenty of experience." "I have, but I've never been so darn keen about a girl before," he told her with earnestness in his gay voice and eyes. Mabrue had nothing to say to that. She wanted terribly to be- lieve him, but it was all so impos- sible. After Mr. Smithers had fitted her, she whispered to Norman: "Just the oxfords. The blues are ador- able, but not practical." "We'll, take both," Norman said crisply. "Now for lunch." "I'm in your debt too much al- ready," Mabrue demurred. "I'm in yours, you mean. Be- cause of your hat, Aunt Ellen will probably leave me an extra million." "Is there really an Aunt Ellen?" "Two hundred pounds of her. Nearly sixty, a tartar, but I love her. We live together in an old- fashioned apartment in the Murray Hill section, but she spends a lot of her time visiting old friends in the hinterland. She's been with a sick friend in Deal. The friend died yes- terday, hence the shopping. I've got to drive down there to-day with the stuff." "I thought you were buying the hat for a joke or something. It's a hand-me-down from my aunt. We've both cherished it, but it does need a new lining. I'll buy one. You wanted to see the sheers on, so I'll go to the rest room and put them and the new pumps on, and meet you at the restaurant on the eighth floor. Order something light for me." "Is it Emily Post to lunch with a lady whose name you do not know?" "Mabrue Milburn accepts Mr. Norris s kind invitation to lunch- eon." "Mabrue Milburn isn't taking a run-out powder, is she?" When Mabrue, fairly dancing in the new pumps, entered the restau- rant, she saw Norman's sleek black head at once. She thrilled at the ob- vious relief on his face. "We should have gone where there was dancing," he said, seating her. "You've got to drive to Deal," she reminded him. "Worse luck- but I mustn't say that when I've just had the luck to meet you, the most wonderful thing that ever happened to me. There will be other days- heady spring days and glorious summer nights, too." Mabrue's heart was beating with a new wild beat. Her lovely face LS 6F 