Heartless Flirt 85 until his feet rested on the bottom. "Dear Heaven!" he breathed in quick relief. "When you didn't come up I thought- well, all kinds of horrible things." The tone of his voice made her heart sing, arid her quick laughter rippled upward on a note of exulta- tion. "You adorable thing!" His strong arms swept her close. His lips crushed her own in a kiss that lasted through thrilling eterni- ties, and rocked the world about her. She clung to him, afraid to believe that this beautiful thing had hap- pened to them. But it had. There was reality in his arms straining her close, and in the hot pressure of his lips on her own. The day was far too long for Reine. Bart was closeted with his campaign manager, and she wouldn't see him until later, at Pamela Voight's party. She had promised to go with Carl and re- luctantly kept the promise. The dance was in full swing by the time Carl and Reine arrived. Mrs. Voight had hired an expen- sive orchestra for the occasion. They paused on the porch. "Um, lovely!" Reine enthused, tossing slim arms high, slender body swaying gracefully before Carl. In the beam of moonlight edged by the deep shadows of a vine- covered porch, she looked like a slim young goddess, the gown of white satin with silver threads through the weave, swirling about her silver- slippered feet. Carl watched her, red head thrust forward, eager eyes engulfing her. "You're beautiful!" he breathed hoarsely. She stopped before him, sweet face lifted, only the image of Bart alive in her heart. "Am I, Carl? Am I truly beauti- ful?" It was a wistful cry. She wasn't thinking of the effect of her loveli- ness on Carl. She only wanted his assurance that in Bart's eyes she would be everything desirable. Carl reached out and swept her into his arms, crushing the lovely gown carelessly, his lips closing down hard on her soft ones. Stunned by surprise, she went limp for a moment. And in that moment, some one close by in the shadows struck a match and held it to a cigarette. In the flare, Reine caught Bart's searching glance, filled with a hint of mockery. The next instant the light faded out, and he was gone. She fought like a wild thing in Carl's embrace. One small hand lashed out in a short arc and landed against his cheek before he would release her. Winged feet carried her into the house. Frantic eyes searched the room for Bart and couldn't find him. An eager partner claimed her. She went from one to the other in rapid succession, answering questions she scarcely heard, laughing when they laughed. And all the time her heart was breaking, her eyes were search- ing despairingly. The dance ended and Carl hur- ried up, one cheek suspiciously red- der than the other. "Reine, forgive me," he begged contritely. "You were so lovely so tempting." She stared at him as though he were a stranger. What he said didn't matter. Nothing mattered but Bart. She swung about to leave him and came face to face with Bart, Fran- cine clinging to his arm. Gowned in scarlet satin, her brown-haired, gray-eyed prettiness dimmed to 