The Friend In Need 149 problem like mine? And if so, I would more than appreciate it if they would write in and tell me what they would do if they were in my place. Phil has asked me to marry him at the end of the year, but as yet I have not promised because I think it will do him good to be kept guessing. We are wonder- ful friends, and get along fine. My par- ents say it's up to me. Roberta. When it comes to marriage, my dear, one can never actually predict what the future will bring. How- ever, a girl can tell fairly well what stuff the young man is made of from close association with him and his family. Many a young man with plenty of spending money and very little restraint is apt to go in for more freedom than is good for him. But it is not proof that he can never settle down and make a dependable husband. On the other hand, there are young men who are apparently unable to take life and love seri- ously. They are always in a rush and think they are having a wonder- ful time, although the fact is that they seldom find real happiness. If you and Phil really love each other, you might give him the bene- fit of the doubt, and a year or so in which to prove that he means to keep his word about settling down. By the end of that time you should be reasonably sure whether Phil has a wabbly backbone, or if he can be relied upon. Dear Mrs. Brown: I am a girl of eighteen, and have been going with a young man for almost two years. He tells me that he cares for me deeply, and always in- sists on talking about the things we will do after we are married. However, I cannot say that I care for him in any other way except as a friend. I have thought of married life with him, and find that I would not be at all happy. I know I can never learn to love him. I have tried many times to break with him, but he always puts me off, saying, that a girl of eighteen is too young to know what she wants, and that I would be sorry if I ever broke with him. But I don't think he is right. I know that if I were in love with him I would be happy when we are together. Perhaps you will think I am young and silly, but this boy and I are so different from each other. He has lived in the city only about five years, and doesn't like it much. He sees absolutely no sense in dancing, parties, and other ways of enjoy- ing oneself. It seems I like all the things he doesn't care for. Please advise me what to do. Don't you think I should drop him and have a chance to meet other young men, and find a boy I could love? Alicia. You may be young, dear, but hardly silly. It is easy to under- stand that, any young man in love would not like the idea of giving up the girl in question. But surely he cannot be so blind as to refuse to realize that one-sided loves bring only unhappiness, and that sooner or later a break is inevitable? I'm sure we, sympathize with him; but at the same time, it seems pointless on his part to try to force himself upon you, when the whole thing causes you so much distress. Try again, and this time be more firm. Tell him kindly but definitely that you are sure you cannot return his affection, and that it would be for his own good for you to part. If he should wish to see you sometimes as a friend, it will be up to him. Dear Mrs. Brown: I am twenty years old. I married a little over two years ago. My husband is not quite three years older than I. During the time we were going together we never went many places. Since we have been married it is more or less the same way. Sometimes one would think my husband was forty, the way he wants to stay home nights. Sunday is about the only day we go anywhere. My husband doesn't care for shows, danc- ing, or any kind of sports, except hunting. I never go with him then because he al- ways takes a group of men along. I enjoy shows, dancing, and all kinds of sports, especially swimming and horseback 