68 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine mix. I'm glad I found out the truth so soon, before-" He was po- litely edging away from her. "Bob," she pleaded, her heart emptied of hope. He was so remote: How could she reach him? Make him understand that, out of a world of men, her heart had chosen him for her man? "Bob, I'm dancing to-morrow night at Mrs. Gray- son's." "Yes, for the Children's Hospital. I bought tickets, but I won't be there." He moved away a few steps, then wheeled and said furi- ously: "Please, Eve, stay out of my life. I'm a workingman. You're an orchid girl. Besides, I'm not the marrying sort." Eyes burning with angry, unshed tears, Eve stood until he disap- peared through the revolving door. Then her firm chin lifted. "Some day, Doctor Wallace, when my name's in electric lights a foot high, I'll send a gorgeous check to your hospital and you'll be proud of me." This promise gave her courage when she sped after Bob into the Grayson house and glimpsed the doctor in the library, shaking hands with old Colonel Grayson. She'd wait in the hall, pocket her pride, tell Bob she now was poor as a church mouse. A loud voice behind her de- manded, "Where've you been all my life, darling?" And his eyes pin points, his mouth working restlessly, Cyril Clarke caught her to him. She tried to draw away. "Cy, please." "I want to talk to you, Eve. Come in here." Gripping her shoul- der, he half dragged her across the hall. Eve struggled mentally. If she went with Cy, she'd miss Bob and a chance for a magic moment to- gether and a word of explanation. If she refused Cy, he was capable of making a rowdy scene. He hadn't been drinking. Of that she was quite sure. But he seemed dif- ferent. Excited, restless, deter- mined. Better hear what he had to say. "All right, Cy," Eve said wearily, , following him into a near-by room. "Make it snappy. Mrs. Grayson may want me." "Tell her to go chase herself," he said rudely. "You're my girl, and father's sore as the deuce about your dancing to-night. He's sick in bed -pretty close to the end, I'm afraid. He wants to see you right away. He sent you this, and says I'm to bring you to him." He thrust into her hand a ring with a magnificent pear-shaped ruby, its deep-red fires outlined in the cold gleam of diamonds. Eve had seen the ring often on the hand of Cy's now-dead mother, and knew it belonged to the world-famous Clarke collection of rubies. Cyril snatched her sickeningly close, and tried to kiss her. With a wrench she was halfway across the room, but he caught her and tightened his hold. "That's no way for a girl to treat the man she's promised to marry. Anyhow, let's get going to father. He may not live the night through, and he wants to tell you about a promise he made your father. Eve's eyes brimmed with tears. Her father! Never in all her life had she felt so desperately alone. If only she could talk to her father, tell him- it might ease her aching heart to talk about him to Cy's father, who had been one of his closest friends. "Just a second, Cy. I want to speak to- a friend." She stepped out into the hall, ahead of Cy. Bob, hat in hand, 