48 Fingers from the Grave Dr. Stoughton lifted the man's limp left hand. "I can tell by this amethyst ring on the little finger," he explained. "It was given to him by his mother and he has always worn it on that finger, as it was too small to fit on any of the others." "What do you think caused his death, Doctor?'' asked Grimstead. "It was a sudden rush of blood to his head," said Dr. Stoughton, "caused by a tremendous shock of some sort." Then, after a pause: "It couldn't have been anything else. There are no marks on his throat," and he looked challeng- ingly at the newspaperman. "I only know what I know," replied Grimstead, and he told the whole story again for Farley's benefit, not omitting the slightest detail. When he had fin- ished, the police official looked doubt- fully at Dr. Stoughton. This sort of a case was outside of his own ken. "Frankly, I am puzzled over all this," began the physician, looking more close- ly at the face of the dead man. "It is very evident that-- Hello!" he broke off abruptly. "This is devilish queer, I must say!" Taking a small magnifying glass from his bag, he bent over the body and examined the throat carefully. "This is the most extraordinary tiling that has ever come within my medical knowledge," he said gravely. "What is it?" asked his companion curiously. "When I first looked at Carey," ex- plained the physician, "there were no marks whatever upon his throat. It was strangely white in contrast with his blackened face. But now look!" He handed the glass to Grimstead. The newspaperman looked, started, and then looked again. Without a word, he handed the glass to Farley, who looked through it long and hard. Then he whistled softly. "Finger prints!" he said laconically. "Exactly," agreed Dr. Stoughton. 'They have come out on the skin like a rash. Carey's throat looked like an un- developed negative when I first looked at it. But now, through some queer , phenomenon, it has been 'developed.' " A little silence followed his words. "Did you, perhaps, notice anything else when you looked through the glass?" continued Dr. Stoughton. "What, for instance?" asked Grim- stead. "Those finger prints on his throat were those of a woman," said Dr. Stoughton. "They are much too small to have been inflicted by a man." "Good Lord!" said Farley. "But they couldn't have been inflicted by a woman " observed Grimstead sa- tirically, "because you said my story was an hallucination. Beings that fig- ure in hallucinations cannot commit real murders, can they?" "Humph!" grunted Dr. Stoughton. Then, with a puzzled frown: "What do you think of all this, Grimstead?" "There is only one way to think," re- plied the newspaperman. "Carey un- doubtedly murdered his wife and came back to visit the scene of his crime, as murderers from time immemorial have done. His wife's ghost was in this room. I am as certain of that as I am that my name is Grimstead. It was Selma Carey's fingers that reached from the grave and strangled her husband." "Bosh!'' ejaculated the physician. "Such things are impossible!" Grimstead shrugged his shoulders. "Nothing is impossible nowadays, Doctor," he said. 