40 Planned by the Stars "I stuck a plant up there," Stanley Ray resumed. "I found out this Mrs. Garber is out every afternoon. She makes her money playing the stock mar- ket. It's no use trying to get into the room during the day because the janitor of the building and a bunch of ginnies are laying pipe in the cellar. I sent the Turk up yesterday. He took a fall out of the bars. He filed them to the borte. A couple of pulls will yank them out. The window's always open and you can go in over the top of it." Joe Carney lifted his head. "What time do I go in? Will the miser be there when I get to the trunk ? How much long change do I get out of this?" The leader of the Duster Band fav- ored Carney with a direct, cold stare. "You get what I give you! Have you anything to say about it?" Before the bland stare of the gangster king Joe Carney's eyes wavered and fell. "Nothing," he said hastily. "Put me right on it!" Stanley Ray smiled faintly. "I found out this Mrs. Garber gets telephone calls from Levy's Drug Store. At a quarter of twelve I'll telephone the drug store and tell them to send for Mrs. Garber. They'll shoot their kike kid over to the basement. You'll be in the alley at quarter of twelve. When she goes out you go in. I'll stall her on the wire as long as possible. It should take you just about ten minutes to grab the dough and exit. Do you get me?" Joe Carney reflectively rubbed his beard-rusty chin. "Yes," he said laconically. II The night was hot and unstirring. A full moon rode high in a cloudless sky. The dank smell of the river grew more pronounced. The streets were lined with coatless loungers sprawling at ease in doorway or on stoop. Joe Carney, shuffling up Tenth Ave- nue, searched each store window for a clock to tell the hour by. It could not be very late. The avenue was well filled --a number of shops were open and doing business. Again he regretted some prophet had not been employed to prog- nosticate the fortunes attending the en- terprise. In every task he had set out to accomplish he had been warned in advance as to the condition of his luck. If he had been told it was not favorable he had postponed the event. And never once had he been apprehended. He walked on, hands rammed in the pockets of his coat. He eyed the num- bers of the buildings as he passed them, still searching for a clock, growing aware his destination must be only a few blocks distant. He saw the moon creep up over the sullen roof-tops and perceived the canopy of brightly shining stars. He thought of the astrologer of the early afternoon and the jumble of her words. "A murder!" he chuckled, touching the automatic revolver hung under his left arm. "Swell chance!" Two more blocks traversed, he came abreast the building in whose basement the wealthy Mrs. Garber resided. And at the same minute his eyes fell upon the face of a clock in a store of the tene- ment and he started. The hands of the clock pointed to five minutes of the midnight hour! Guiltily realizing he had been delin- quent and heedless of time, Carney de- scended a number of steps that led down into the basement. He found himself in a cement-lined passageway. He fol- lowed it to its termination and found himself in the clothes-line hung back- yard in the rear of the building. An alley ran into the backyard, presided over by a lean cat. Carney removed the animal from his path with a toe of his 