10 Black Shadows When he reached that point Suggs tore up the paper in disgust. He had searched every inch of the study with- out finding a single clue that would aid him. If Jones had killed Guerney, who, in turn, had killed Jones? If he had not, who had? After finding the body of Jones in the Guerney study, and failing to locate a scrap of evidence that would incrimi- nate the killer of Guerney or of Jones, Johnny had taken Mildred away from the house of death. She had not found her father's will, so both were in a de- spondent frame of mind. The girl was staying at a modest little hotel uptown, and she promised to telephone the re- porter if anything of importance oc- curred. Lying back in his chair, eyes closed, Suggs tried to logically put to- gether the small bits of knowledge he possessed into a comprehensive whole. The theory advanced by the tran- scendent detectives of fiction--that no human being could enter a room with- out leaving some clue to his identity-- Johnny found to be fallacious. There was not the vestige of a clue in Guer- ney's study. And why should there be ? The murderer had probably slipped into the house--if he was not one of the household--quietly walked upstairs, opened the study door and killed Guer- ney as the latter sat in his chair. It could only be by the most colossal luck that the killer would drop some identi- fying bit of personal property, and he had not done so. There had been no rain or snow to make convenient foot- prints. Deduction, as practiced by Holmes and Dupin, was all very well, but even those masters had to have some con- crete clue from which to argue. There was not a single one for either the Jones or the Gurney murder, yet they were evidently joined by a connecting link. It was inconceivable that it should be otherwise. The figures of Jones, Bradley and Mildred Guerney filled Suggs' mental vision. His perspective of the case was clogged by their bulk. One of them had very likely committed the crime. Then Jones was killed. Bradley was in prison, and so eliminated from„that angle of the case. But Mildred had been in the house--had been there be- fore Suggs made his unexpected ap- pearance. And she possessed the key to the study door! Was Mildred Guerney the double murderess ? Every fibre of Johnny Suggs' being revolted at the thought. He thought of her pallid face, clear cut as a cameo, and framed by the crown of soft, fair hair. It was the face of a pure, warm hearted girl--and one utterly incapable of such a crime. It was on her slender shoulders, though, that the black shad- ow of suspicion lay most heavily. At dawn Johnny gave up the prob- lem temporarily, washed and shaved, and slipped out of the house without awakening anyone. He took a car downtown, and had breakfast at an all- night restaurant of the lunch-stand variety. It was dim and gray in the city--a gloomy, foreboding morning, with a shroud of fog creeping in from the river. The reporter lit a cigar, and having nothing particular to do, strolled over to the Star office. The city room was empty save for a sleepy figure curled up in one of the chairs. Suggs' foot- falls aroused it. "H'lo, Johnny," he husked, reaching mechanically for a cigarette. "What 'n the deuce are you doing down here at this time o' night. 'F I was the son of the boss of this paper I wouldn't work at all--" He lapsed back into somnolent desuetude. "Oh, you wouldn't?" repeated John- 