34 The Long Arm of God anyway. Much obliged--just--same." Halligan grinned. "If I did, I'm sorry," he remarked, cheerfully. "'Cause then I'll have to finish you myself. It wouldn't do for you to live, you see, because you know too much. And, besides, I want every- thing for myself--the girl and the money both." The dying man looked at him curi- ously. "You don't mean that it was you, Halligan? Great God! And I never suspected!" Halligan sat down on the edge of his bunk and laughed good-humoredly as he unbuckled his gun and threw it across the foot of the bed. "I don't mind telling you about it," he said quietly, "because you'll soon be where you can never tell." He rolled a cigarette and, lighting it, inhaled a whiff before he continued: "You see, Mason, I figured out long ago that as soon as we struck it rich-- and I felt sure that we would sooner or later--it would be a survival of the fittest. I knew that there was no chance for any of us with Cora until we had money. She's a selfish little devil, but she's worth fighting for. And, with all of us rich, we would be just where we started. But now it'll be me alone-- just me. "When we struck pay here, you re- member it was me that suggested put- ting in here for the winter. I knew that it would be easy for me to plant the seed of suspicion in all of you, for, deep down in your hearts, you all felt as I did and each one of you suspected the other. And you were as jealous as a bunch of chorus girls. "Wentworth killed Lee all right. I watched him do it from the other room, where I was supposed to be asleep. I suggested the idea of it to him without him knowing it several days before. He and I were doing a job of soldering and I told him a story I got from my grand- mother--about a man who had mur- dered Ms wife by pouring a drop of hot lead in her ear. "After Kelly turned in that night, Lee and Wentworth sat up soldering, you re- member. Finally Lee dropped off to sleep with his head on the table. It was too good an opportunity for Wentworth to miss--for he hated Lee's guts--so he drops a bit of the hot solder into Lee's ear. He died without a struggle, as I knew he would--for the infernal stuff paralyzes every faculty. After- ward Wentworth took off his boots and sneaked in to see if we were asleep. Finding that we were, he carried Lee in and laid him on his bunk. "You remember how Wentworth tore his shirt on a nail there by the door? I recollected that there was a scrap of wool hanging onto it. When Went- worth went back into the other room to put away his tools, I jumped out, took the little pipce of wool from the nail and got it into Lee's clenched fingers and jumped back into bed before Went- worth returned. Pretty smooth, eh? "Wentworth couldn't stand the gaff. He imagined that I knew that he had killed Lee, so he killed himself." Mason groaned. "I killed Wentworth!" he blurted out. "You told me that he had--that he^he --about what he done to--to Cora. I saw that this was a good opportunity to get rid of him and let you fellows think he had done it himself. You put me up to it, you devil!" Halligan laughed. "So it was you, after all, eh?" he chuckled. "I knew that you had swal- lowed my little story, ibut I'll confess that I didn't think you would get busy so quick." "But the letter you showed me from her--from Cora?" Halligan chuckled again. "Mason, I don't mind telling you that when I went after supplies with Lee I fijced up five 