Black Shadows 21 flattened out under an ink-well and an- other lay beside it. This one was un- signed, and merely bore the words, "Page ninety-two, paragraph three." He opened the first letter and read it again: Probably the perculiarity of this will strike you at once. If you would do me a-favor, when you hear of my death ---and I feel that the end is not far-- will you have my body disposed of as was that of Gustave Edmonson, who wrote, "The Psychology of the Work- ing Classes"? Johnny grinned. The second note cleared up in an absurdly simple way the puzzle the first one had created. His correspondent wanted him to read page ninety-two, paragraph three, of "The Pyschology of the Working Classes." He called for a copy-boy and sent him for the book--the one he had consulted that morning having been returned to the library. Then he laid out the two notes. De- spite the brevity of the second one, it was easy to see that the chirography was identical with that of the first. Then Suggs flattened out the paper he had requested Bradley to write. It was identical with that of the other two notes! Why had the old butler denied writing them ?. The copy-boy came back presently with Edmonson's masterpiece. Johnny seized it eagerly, and opened it at page ninety-two. In paragraph three he found this: "The newest , type of family servant is the chauffeur, and he presents a most absorbing psychological study. He is usually a step ahead of the other serv- ants mentally, and, in consequence, be- comes more valuable or more danger- ous as his character is inclined. I recall quite vividly the murder of Mr. Farnsworth Lee by his chauffeur--a man of--" Johnny threw down the book with an exclamation of delight. "Hawker!" he said to himself, "Hawker!" CHAPTER VI That letter brought to a head the vague suspicions that had been germinat- ing in Suggs' mind. But, after all, proof was needed to link the chauffeur with the triple murder. Without it the black shadow would still hang over Mil- dred Guerney. Before leaving, Johnny stopped in his father's office. The elder Suggs leaned back in his swivel chair, and surveyed his son. "Well, my boy," he asked cheerfully,- "how is the Sherlock Holmes business coming along?" The reporter sat down on his father's desk and grinned at him. "If you think 1 have been idle you've another guess coming, governor. That scoop we have on the murder of Jones and Tama Aping is worth the time I've spent on the case, isn't it?" "Without question. Have a cigar, and consider your salary raised a dollar a week. But I'm interested in the de- tective side of the case--your system of solving criminal mysteries. Have you deduced anything today?" Careless of his father's chaffing, Johnny sat swinging his legs, his eyes fixed on some papers on the desk. Then he looked up, square into the other's eyes. "Yes, I have deduced sometlaing, dad, and if it isn't asking too much I'd like an explanation from you. Why did you send me those two notes, and sign Bradley's name?" "How, may I ask, did you connect me with that incident ?" "You have an old letter of Bradley's there on your desk, and a sheet of paper covered with imitations of his chirog- 