84 The Strange Case of Nathaniel Broome old friend having so lugubrious a his- tory. "Well, let's knock at the terrible ban- dit's portals, Mrs. Muzzard," I said mockingly, "and see if we can persuade him to show himself." I pulled the cord of my dressing-gown tightly about my waist, and the action as I did so seemed whimsically like that of an ancient warrior "girding up his loins." "Come," I said, "I shall do the beard- ing of the lion. You may shelter your- self behind me. Surely if there are any evil spirits to confront they will have to tackle me first!" We crossed the dark hallway and stopped in the shadows at the closed door of the mysterious room. I tapped gently upon the panel. There was no answer. Again I rapped upon the door. "He must be out, after all," I mut- tered, as there came no reply, and, to my own amazement, I breathed a sigh of relief! "I swear to God, Mr. Scrimgeour," exclaimed Mrs. Muzzard in a hoarse whisper, "I swear to God he ain't set foot outside this door today!" She crouched close behind me, her whole body shaking with excitement, her breath coming in sharp gasps through her set teeth. Unaccountably I thought of a terrier bristling with fear at something it cannot understand. As we listened, something of her perturbation cdpimunicated itself to me. "Can it be," I thought, "that the wo- man has some reason for her fantastic premonitions?" Then, "Preposterous! Incredible!" "He may not have come in at all last night," I ventured, trying now to re- assure myself as well as my frightened companion. "You must have heard him as plain as I did, Mr. Scrimgeour," she replied with startling vehemence. "He's so heavy on the stairs." I remembered now that I had heard. "Surely, then, he is asleep. We had better not wake him." "Knock again, Mr. Scrimgeour, for God's sake knock again!" Seized by a sudden excitement I rapped heavily, frantically upon the panel of the door. So hard did I use my knuckles that a sharp pain shot through them, and, glancing down at my fingers, I saw that I had broken the skin. IV Tense now with inexplicable excite- ment we both stood listening, our heads bent toward the closed door. "Good God, what was that!" sobbed Mrs. Muzzard hysterically, as I fancied that I could hear a low groan. "Broome! Broome!" I called, all my eerie apprehension vanished. The man was sick, perhaps dying-- "Broome!" I called again, jerking at the handle of the door. Again we heard the groan, this time louder than before. ''For God's sake, Broome, open the door, man!" I called. "You--must--not--come--in--!". The words were spoken with very great difficulty, as if the unfortunate man were suffering in intense agony. "Are you ill?" I called. "It is I, Scrimgeour! Don't be afraid, but tell me, Broome. If you are ill we must help you. You have locked the door." "I am--not--ill." Again the same tor- tured voice, forcing itself to speak through an ecstasy of pain. "You--must --not--come--in!" "Oh, God!--God!--God!" shrieked Mrs. Muzzard in terror. "I tell you that man's a devil. He's at some of his ghost tricks now. He'll have all the powers of hell down on us! Jesus, Mary and Joseph, may me sins be for- 