6 Black Shadows "You don't think Jones did this?" he demanded. "Do you?" "No, I don't. It's suicide, all right. What else could it be? Here he is, locked in his own room with a gun-- it's his gun, all right, for you can see his name on that plate on the butt." "I saw it," said Suggs dryly. "Then, what the devil do you mean?" Johnny picked up a sheet of paper from the table. It bore the legend, "Strickland Guerney--1822 Mammoth Building," and a few lines of scratchy writing, addressed to the Curio Com- pany of America, requesting the price of a collection of weapons used by the Dayak head hunters. It was dated at noon that day. "Doesn't it suggest anything to your mind?" the reporter asked. Jamieson scratched his head, read it over again, and looked puzzled. "I - can't say it does," he admitted. "You don't thifik any of these Dayak birds did this--" "Certainly not." The slight shrug of Johnny's shoulders indicated vast dis- gust with the official police. "Why, lieutenant, this letter was written by a left-handed man!'' He turned to Brad- ley. "Mr. Guerney was left-handed, was he not?" The butler nodded. "Then," said Suggs triumphantly, "if Mr. Guerney committed suicide, how did he manage to shoot himself, drop the revolver on his right side, and pick up the key with his left? Suicide? This is murder, lieutenant, you can bet a year's pay on that!" CHAPTER II In the private office of the Star's owner, Johnny Suggs told his story. "I've checked up on Jones' story," he concluded, "and everything is just as he said. The manager at the St. Regis, Miss Daisy Graelis, and the head waiter at the Ambassadeurs, as well as his own chauffeur, can account for every moment of his time that after- noon. It is possible that Bradley, the old butler, committed the crime, but I don't believe it. He's the mildest crea- ture that ever walked. Lieutenant Jamieson arrested him, of course, but if you'll give me the chance, dad, I'll prove that he had nothing to do with it." The elder Suggs elevated his heels to the desk-top, and looked out at the murky wrack of sky. "It's good stuff," he said approving- ly, "and will make a corking story, but what about the finish, Johnny? We want to find out who committed the murder--and you're no detective." Johnny flushed. "Crime detection isn't a secret art," he protested. "Any- body with the wit and patience can do it. Give me a chance at it. These boneheads like Jamieson and O'Toole will never catch the murderer. I saw what they missed once. I may be able to do it again." "You're a regular William J. Burns- Holmes, aren't you? If you can find out who killed Guerney in a locked room, with no known mode of egress, they ought to make you police com- missioner. But we won't build any triumphal arches until you do the job. Go to it." Johnny sprang to his feet and cracked his heels together. "I'll do it, all right." Highly elated, he descended to the street. It was eleven o'clock, and he was tired from his chase about town, verifying Jones' story, but he had no desire to go to bed then. As a matter of fact, he intended going back to the Guerney residence and conducting a minute investigation of the dead man's study. He had not seen all he wanted to see that afternoon, and as the house 