The Yellow Dog 117 The Chinaman pushed the table out of sight again. "We can discuss that matter later on," he said. "At present you must take some food, and after that you must sleep until evening, and then we will see about getting you away." Hankinson's small eyes looked a sharp inquiry. "Strite?" he asked. "No fetchin' the perlice in while I'm--here?" "You can trust me," answered the Chinaman. "It would not suit me to have police in my house. I have my own affairs." That reassured Hankinson. He set down his host as being one of his own kidney. And presently he ate the soup --good, rich soup with strength in it-- which the Chinaman brought him, and after that he went to sleep quite calmly. . . . III When Hankinson woke again there were two Chinamen in the room with him. One was the big man of the pre- vious interview; the other, also garbed in Chinese dress, was a younger man of about his own size and weight--an almond-eyed, stolid-faced fellow who was regarding Hankinson with an in- scrutable expression on his immobile features. The big man was talking to the small one in gibberish which Han- kinson did not understand. Catching sight of Hankinson's opening eyes, he broke off the conversation. "You are quite better now," he said, not quesdoningly, but in positive as- sertion. "You--now you may get up. There is food and drink ready for you in the next room. Come this way." Hankinson got up and stretched him- self. Certainly he was all right then-- not a trace of injury remained in him. And with this realization of recovery a desire for action came upon him. He wanted to be out of that. Instinctively he looked round for the little table on which his loot had been laid out. But the little table was not there. "In the next room," said the big Chi- naman with a grin. "Come." Hankinson followed the two men into a plainly furnished apartment, which evidently did duty as living-room and kitchen. There was a table set out in English fashion. Hankinson was motioned to seat him- self. The smaller Chinaman sat down in a comer and stared at him; the big one served him with hot roast fowl. Never had Hankinson eaten such ten- der food in his life. And he gave him bottled stout to drink. It seemed to Hankinson that he had never tasted such nectar. He stuffed himself, he guzzled freely, wondering all the time what it all meant. And when at last he could eat and drink no longer, he shoved away his plate and looked his host full in the face with half-impudent inquiry. For Han- kinson was very sure that the big China- man was not playing the Good Samari- tan for nothing; he would want his fee, like everybody else. "An' now what, guv'nor?" asked Hankinson familiarly. "If it's all the same to you, yer know, I should like to 'op it. I dessay it's all right, but this 'ere neighborhood ain't what you'd call healthy, is it, now?" The big Chinaman, who had taken a seat by his compatriot during the final stages of Hankinson's repast, produced an evening newspaper and laid it before the guest. His long, tapering fingers indicated bold headlines and other uncomfortable things about midnight murder and bur- glary. Hankinson's pale cheeks grew paler as he read. "Yer said as 'ow yer could get me away?" he muttered at last. "An' I said as 'ow yer was welcome to what 