Daughter of the Pigeon 65 tears and flowers such as one would expect to hear on this dying island, told between gasps for breath: His name was Red Moon. On Taoha was a maiden whom he desired for his wife--Tahaiupehii, Daughter of the Pigeon, pale of throat and dark of eyes. She was the child of Mahuma, the chief. Habuhamo, a chieftain of Fatu-hiva, also coveted the fair Tahaiupehii--and Habuhamo was fat and degenerate, and Daughter of the Pigeon despised him, for she, in turn, loved Red Moon. On this evening Red Moon had re- ceived a message to come to the Cave of the Laughing Lepers and as he en- tered he was attacked by Habuhamo and his men . . . stabbed. Before they put him in the sea-chest the obese Habu- hamo told him that it was his intention to go to the paepae of Mahuma, the drinker of Kava, and steal the moon- throated Daughter of the Pigeon--after he had killed her father. . . . In the end he asked if I, the Menike, would follow Habuhamo and his men to the paepae of Mahuma and save Ta- haiupehii. He was dying, he whispered, and if I did not go . . . As he finished his story he did a plucky thing--he withdrew the knife with a feeble wrench from his stomach, his tawny face convulsed with agony. "You take knife," he muttered, hand- ing the bloody weapon to me, "You carry Red Moon on . . . back--and Red Moon show you paepae of Mahuma. . ." I did not believe the boy would last three minutes, but I lifted him as gently as I could and slung him on my back. When I reached the High Place, af- ter a tortuous ascent from the gorge with Red Moon clinging to my neck, I was disappointed. I had hoped that by good fortune I would meet my friend here, but instead of Cleaves I found a pile of stones upon the Altar of Po. That journey from the Cave of the Laughing Lepers to the house of Ma- huma is burned into my memory. After what seemed deathless aeons of plung- ing through jungles, a light glimmered among the trees. When Red Moon saw it he begged to be left here, saying he was an encumbrance now. "Save her, Menike," he pleaded pite- ously as I placed him on the round, death seeping into the liquid black eyes. "Tell her that ..." But I never knew what to tell her. From his lips came a sound like the flut- ter of beating wings. . . . I left him there, resolved to return later and bury him, and with the bloody knife that he had given me, I crept into the clearing around the thatched bam- boo house. Lights shone from the door and one window. Climbing upon the paepae, I crawled to the lighted window. It opened out from a small cool room with green mats and bamboo walls. The five Mar- quesans were there, wearing crimson pareus and necklaces of shark's-teeth, all slim but one whom I knew to be Habuhamo. He was clad in a scarlet and yellow kahu-ropa, his big nose ringed with an ornament; fat and greasy in the light of the whale-oil lamp, with red, piglike eyes--a thing to loathe in- stantly. The chief was speaking so swiftly in Marquesan that I, with only my smat- tering of the tongue, could not thor- oughly understand him, and before I comprehended the full import of his words the four warriors filed out of the bamboo dwelling. I hardly had the opportunity to drop in the shadows be- fore they emerged. I lay still, not daring to move or hard- ly breathe, until I heard their padded footsteps growing fainter, then I became bold enough to raise my eyes--just in time to see the last of the four vanish in the gloom of a path that deserted the clearing for the jungle. Once more I peered within the house. B. M.--Sept.--5 