Black Shadows 9 tiatcd himself with my father, so much so that he was named in the will as the sole heir. From all accounts, he is a typical man about town--a' selfish, pleasure-seeking idler. He lives at the St. Regis, owns a limousine, has a chauffeur--yet he is desperately in debt and his bank balance is less than a hun- dred dollars. Certainly that would seem to indicate that he would have an interest in my father's death." "From whom did you learn all this?" "From Bradley," she said defiantly. "I $ee," mused Johnny. "Yes, that would be a motive. If he did do it-- Now, Miss Guerney, there is just one other thing that I want to ask you, if I may." "What is that ?" "Why are you here tonight?" "I am looking for the will. Jones has no right to that money; he will only squander it in the cabarets, anyway. My mother's people are desperately poor. They have been good to me, and 1 intend seeing that they are made com- fortable with my father's money. I don't care anything about it for myself. I am young, and can work--" She threw out her beautiful arms in a ges- ture of defiance. Johnny took the key from her. "Well, we might as well go in the study. You may find what you want--and so may I." He fitted the key in the lock--and found the door unlocked! It was pitch dark in there--a velvety sort of black- ness that one could almost feel. Suggs turned his flash on, the walls, and lo- cated the electric switch. This time, when he turned it on, there was no gush of light, but the lamp on the study table winked into being. Then Mildred Guerney screamed; a blood chilling sound in that great, dark house. Johnny sprang to her side, his eyes following the pointing line of her finger. A man lay face down on the carpet. His clothes were of the latest cut, though crumpled and torn in places. A dark wet 'spot shone on the carpet by his chest. Suggs knelt, turned him over, and looked into the dead, staring eyes of J. Sylvester Jones! CHAPTER III When John Suggs reached home that night--or morning, rather, as it was verging on four o'clock--lie sat down at his desk, with paper and pen, and summed up the evidence against the three suspects: First: J. Sylvester Jones. He had a motive, as he was reported to be the sole heir of Strickland Guerney's wealth. On die other hand he lived at the most expensive hotel in the city, and seemed to have considerable mon- ey, despite his lack of a balance at the bank. There was no real evidence against him. Second: Bradley, the butler. There was no definite motive, though he might have committed the crime for Mildred Guerney's sake. The strongest link connecting him with the murder was the fact that he was the only known person in the house at the time of Guer- ney's death. The fact that he openly admitted this, when he might have eas- ily gone out and established an alibi, was a point in his favor. Third: Mildred Guerney. Her mo- tive could have been revenge, though she was not of a type likely to harbor that sentiment. According to her story, however, she had ample cause to hate the old millionaire. The fact that she possessed a key to the study door was certainly a damning bit of evidence against her-- 