78 The Devil Takes a Hand He turned the knob and entered tbe room. With a tender kiss for the wo- man with lusterless eyes, who sat mum- bling to herself in the low wicker chair, nervously picking at the folds of her dress, he turned to the middle-aged woman in nurse's garb who sat in the window near by. "Better take an hour's walk, Miss Gorman," he said kindly. "You look fagged out. I'll look after Mrs. Ten- nant until you return." The nurse arose wearily. "It's awfully kind of you, Mr. Ten- nant. I am tired. She's been bad again today," she ended, significantly. Tennant's face took on a worried look. "She'll probably settle down again in an hour or so," he responded. "I've a little work to do--I can do it just as well in the other room and still keep an eye on my poor little girl. There's noth- ing around that she can get hold of, is there ?" He settled himself in a chair beside his wife and patted her white hand af- fectionately. With a tear in her kindly Irish eyes for the little, unostentatious display of love, Miss Gorman left the room and, a minute later, Tennant, from his place in the window, saw her swing- ing down the street. The time was at hand. II Pressing his wife's hand tightly be- tween his own, Tennant addressed her in the tone one uses in talking to a little child. "I've often wondered," he said quiet- ly, "why you didn't commit suicide, Grace? Of course, I know that you've tried it, but your methods have been all wrong. Do you understand what I am getting at ? I want to help you." lie looked at the woman keenly. He imagined that her dull eyes took on an added brightness--that she was not plucking at the hem of her dress so nervously. He hurried on : "Now, I'm going to show you how to do it, sweetheart. Then, when the nurse is out of the room, some day, for a few minutes, you can put one over on her. It'll be a good joke on her, won't it? Come on, and I'll show you how to do it." Apathetically she arose and followed him across the floor to where the big, old-fashioned bed stood in the distant corner. "Now, watch me, dearie, and see how I do it," he continued. "The nurse thinks that she's got you cheated by removing everything that you might use--but we'll show her, won't we?" He removed the light counterpane from the bed and twisted it into a rope. "See, girlie, how it's done? Just the right size to hang one's self with, isn't it? Now, then, we carry this chair across the room and put it under this chandelier. Get the idea?" The demented woman made no an- swer. But Tennant knew that her sui- cidal mind was attracted by the scheme --that the seed planted in her brain was already sprouting. She followed close behind him, her dull, impassive eyes watching his every move. He stepped upon the chair and at- tached the improvised rope to the chan- delier. "See how easy it is, dear?" he went on. "Now, next, we make a noose in the rope, like this--see? It's just as easy as rolling off a log. Then we put the noose over our head and pull it up tightly about out neck. Understand, now? All that's left is to kick the chair out f rom underneath--and the devil and all couldn't keep a person from choking to death, could he?" From his height atop the chair, he looked down upon the woman. 