The Strange Case of Nathaniel Broome 91 with dread in my miserable soul. For always the terror haunted us, that some day I should look into her face and see without the mirror's baleful aid that fes- tering putrefaction of flesh and bone. XI We sent Marguerite to a convent near Montreal, so that she, poor child, might be spared the agonies that kept us fear- ful and eternal company. Then, at last, the menace that for so many weeks had hung over us took tan- gible shape. We had been trying to talk lightly to- gether one evening, trying pitifully to avoid the one subject uppermost in our minds. I was sitting close to my wife with an arm about her waist. Suddenly I felt her body shiver slightly under my touch. "What is it?" I asked. "Are you cold?" The answer came to me in halting, distorted words, as if she were speak- ing with very great difficulty. "You'll not escape from me if I have to follow you from the grave I" But the voice that spoke was not the voice of my wife. Labored, painwracked though it was, I could recognize it. It was the voice of my old tutor, James Shirley! I leaped from my chair, and in the horror that was written in my face my wife needed no mirror to see that at last the dreaded visitation had come and that the fleshly metamorphosis had taken place. For one agonizing moment I caught the look of pain, of unutterable agony in her eyes, then, with a strangled scream, she fled from me to hide the loathsome body which had taken pos- session of her from my sight. I followed wildly to her bedroom, pounding ineffectually upon the door. I could hear her inside, screaming and jabbering meaningless noises. She must have gone completely out of her mind. Then followed the sound of some- thing falling and the smash of breaking glass. I knew that the lamp had been overturned. A moment later the smell of burning came to me through the door. My desperate efforts finally succeeded in getting the door open. I found the room ablaze, the oil from the lamp having spread all over the carpet. The window curtains had caught fire and the place was thick with smoke. But writhing on the floor, a mass of leaping, venomous flame, my wife Jay, filling the choking air with agonizing shrieks and heart-rending groans. I seized her with one arm, attempting with the other hand to beat out the flames; but they only leaped about her more triumphantly than before. By this time the conflagration had spread about us and I was obliged to carry her downstairs and out into the street. I found shelter for my melancholy burden with some kind neighbors. Meanwhile my home was given over to the flames. XII Angela never spoke again. Her charred and mutilated body was buried, but I alone knew what it was which we had put into the grave. For the ma- lignity which had pursued her, finding an easier entry into her passive mind, did not rest with her death. The evil spirit transferred itself to me! In the phantom-haunted, grisly years that followed, through nights of fiendish mental torture and of bodily agony I learned a terrible intimacy with her ghostly murderer. What I have found out will be in- credible and preposterous to those who know nothing of spirit visitation or pos- 