The Yellow Dog By Eric A. Darling I THE moment for which Hankin- son had made such anxious and careful preparation during three weary weeks of watching and waiting had come at last. There, with- in a yard of him, was the old jeweler whom he meant to stun and to rob; there, in Hankinson's hand, was the sandbag with which he intended to strike him down. And all about the two men, the one unsuspecting, the other quiver- ing with intent, hung the heavy silence of midnight, broken only by the metal- lic tinkle of the valuables which the old man was slowly transferring from counter to safe. Hankinson, thief and criminal from his youth upward, had at that time been out of prison for precisely a month. He had no particular desire to return to prison, but, on the Other hand, he had no leanings toward the path of recti- tude. Upon emerging from durance he had possessed himself of a small stock of money, which he had safely hidden in view of emergencies; when it was in his pocket he had left his usual haunts in North London and betaken himself to new ones in the purlieus of the Mile End Road. He took a cheap lodging there, and began to look around him in White- chapel and its neighborhood. And in time he saw what he considered to be a good chance. Lurking about in the busy streets, always With alert eyes, he saw at last a prospect of replenishing the gradually emptying purse. Thereafter he gave all his thought and attention to that pros- pect. The prospect quickly became a scheme. There was an old-fashioned, dingy jeweler's shop in a small side street off Houndsditch; it was also a pawn-brok- ing establishment. Three gilded balls overhung a passage entrance at the side. In that passage there was a sort of sentry-box in which the shutters of the front window were kept. A curly- headed, hooked-nose boy put up those shutters every night before going home. He was utterly indifferent to the shut- ters, that boy, when he had once put them up; but when he had gone away, whistling, Hankinson, under cover of the dusk, took a mighty interest in them. For long years of trained observation had made Hankinson's eyes unusually sharp, and it had not taken him more than one glance to see that in one of those shutters there was a noticeable, an appreciable crack. You could see the light in the shop through it. Therefore, through it you could see into the shop. Hankinson contrived to see into the shop through that slit a good many times. It was always at night that he made these observations, and he made them with delicacy and with speed. But within a week he learnt a good deal. Much of what he learnt was obvious in other ways--namely, that the shop was closed on Saturdays all day long; that from Monday to Thursday it was closed at nine o'clock in the evening; that on Friday nights it was kept open until eleven. But his observations through the crack in the shutter in- formed him that every night after clos- 111 