66 Daughter of the Pigeon Habuhamo was seated Turk-fashion on the green mats, his back to the door- way. I smiled with anticipation, for I hated him, not with the antagonism that is often the result of clashing personal- ities, but with a deep loathing as for some crawling thing of the earth. Gripping the blood-soiled knife I moved to the door and crept stealthily inside, halting a few feet behind Habu- hamo. At that instant some psychic current conveyed to him the fact that he was not alone. He glanced over his shoulder and I looked straight into the narrow, piglike eyes. The sound that issued from between his moist lips was like nothing human. He tried to make his feet, but I was upon him, one arm'encircling his thick neck, the blade poised above his heart. "I ought to kill you instantly, Habu- hamo," I said in my bastard Marquesan, "but there is something I want to know before--" "No, no, don't kill!" he whimpered in poor English, "I spik English--" "Where is Mahuma--and Tahaiupe- hii?" I demanded. Habuhamo's red-shot eyes moved to a dark doorway on the left and I invol- untarily loosened the grasp about his throat--and as I did he wrenched free, staggering to his feet with the scream of an angry boar. I scarcely had time to balance myself for the onslaught before the soft body was hurled upon me and his arms pressed me to his breast. I caught the reek of rum--and Habu- hamo. . . . I struck with doubled fist instead of the knife--the left fist. It went home in the solar plexus, carrying my whole weight behind it, a foul blow I admit, and with that inhuman cry the island chief pitched forward like a sodden piece of driftwood upon the green mats. I stood above him, breathing hard and trying to clear my nostrils of the odor of him. He did not move. I turned his bulk over with my bare foot and the feel of it sickened me. That solar plexus blow had done him to unconsciousness. Habuhamo was out of it for at least fifteen minutes. . . . I moved into the adjoining room. Dark--but not so dark that I could not see the body on the floor. Instinct told me it was Mahuma. The wound was a nasty one--such as had been dealt Red Moon. Mahuma seemed so old, so help- less as he lay there in his own blood. And Daughter of the Pigeon--what of her? The dwelling boasted of three rooms and Tahaiupehii was in none. As I quitted the room where Habu- hamo lay upon the green mats, emerg- ing upon the paepae, my eyes alighted upon the jungle trail which the islan- ders had taken. It was the only course left to pursue and I plunged between the whispering foliage. I knew the path led seaward, for I could hear the breakers and the pound- ing of the surf in the blow-holes, but I was not prepared for what I saw. The jungle dropped away before a ledge whose quartz-like surface scintillated in the moonlight. Several yards beyond the brush a narrow stream flung its torrents over spray-dashed rocks, tumbling headlong into a huge bowl of solid granite fully nineteen feet below, and here, still foaming furiously from the fall, it swirled between stone banks to- ward the sea. At the juncture where the river met rough water lofty cliffs overhung the beach, pierced with innu- merable caves. I found myself on the very verge of the cataract before I knew it. Below, on a flat rock at one side of the pool, was a form, slim and pale as a flame, the slender shoulders lost in masses of dark hair. Daughter of the Pigeon, I knew-- for as she stood poised on the brink of the huge granite bowl she was as fair as that winged creature after which she 