128 The Best New Mystery Books Horace, "borrows" automobiles in Ohio and Michigan, and has a philos- ophy all his own concerning the busi- ness of thieving. There is woven about him humor, mystery, melodrama and romance. And his adventures will keep you smiling and thrilled. VI Marching Sands, by Harold Lamb. Captain Gray, a former United States Army officer, learns that somewhere in the center of Asia, in the Desert of Gobi, is a lost race of white men. He goes to find out for himself what this mystery is, rescues a party of English scientists, and has a great many exciting adventures. This is a very entertaining story, well told, and full of the atmos- phere of the unknown Orient. VII Whispers, by Louis Dodge. A story of a murder in a costume shop, and a newspaper man who promises to solve the problem in forty-eight hours. How he makes good in spite of obstacles, and an almost serious blunder on his part, makes this story one that must be read through before the book is laid down. The descriptions of a disreputable lodg- ing-house and the many types of men who gather there give a new touch to this most interesting tale. VIII Wyndham's Pal, by Harold Bind- loss. A story of the sea and the Car- ibbean coast that creates the atmos- phere of romance and adventure of those days of pirates, lost treasure and buccaneers. The hero plays for big stakes, and enjoys the excitement of the game for the game's sake. A story out of the ordinary, and a rattling good tale. IX The Peculiar Major, by Keble Howard. Suppose you had a ring, a wishing-ring, that would bring you any- thing you wanted, or give you the power to do anything you desired. What would you do? Would you set out to rule the world ? Would you become the richest man on earth? Or would you merely start out to have a good time? That's what the hero of this story did, and his adventures make a story that is well worth reading for the fun of the thing. X The Scarred Chin, by Will Payne. A story of adventure and mystery, blackmail, spies and intrigue, with the scene laid in Chicago. Situation piles on situation until the very last page, and then everything ends happily. XI Fire of Youth, by Henry James Forman. A thoroughly pleasing story, with excitement, adventure, and a hero who, having given away a family heir- loom to an ex-comic opera singer who jilts him, follows her to Europe to get it back. But before he comes home again he has learned many lessons, not the least of which being that there are many wonderful things in life besides ex-comic opera singers. XII The Bridge of Time, by William Henry Warner. This is a story of re- incarnation and the occult. An ancient Egyptian prince, by means of an oc- cult power of the High Priest, finds himself suddenly transported to this modern civilization. There is much fun and satire in his impressions of our complicated customs and man- ners. 