Black Shadows 19 Guerney these attacks on Mildred would cease. The reporter stopped at Fifteenth Street to wait for a car that would carry him downtown to the prison where Bradley was held in durance. While he waited a glittering Rolls- Royce limousine purred up to the curb. Hawker, chauffeur for the late J. Syl- vester Jones, turned his little bloodshot eyes on Suggs. "Mr. Suggs, sir, is it not ?" he asked, with the soft deference of those who fetch and carry for the rich. "I'm in a bit of a corner, sir, and seeing you yesterday at Mr. Guerney's house, and hearing so highly of your capabilities-- begging your pardon, sir--I've come to you for a bit of advice." "Fire when ready," said Johnny good humoredly. "Isn't there any place I can take you, sir ?" "Well, I'm going down to the prison--" "Prison ?" "To see Bradley, Mr. Guerney's butler." Hawker wagged his head hypocriti- cally. "To think that whited sepulchre should kill his master. It is almost un- believable." "Do you believe it ?" "Of course. He was the only one in the house at the time. But you are go- ing to the prison, sir. If you will ride on the seat with me I can explain my- self on the way down, sir." So the reporter sprang nimbly in be- side the over-groomed Hawker, and the big machine leaped away with the satis- fied purr of a giant cat. "It is a most peculiar situation, sir," began the chauffeur. "You see, I was in the service of the Jones family for years. When Mr. Sylvester went for himself I followed as valet and chauf- feur--the establishment being a small one, do you see, sir ? He thought very much of me if I do say it, and his fam- ily having passed away, he made a will leaving everything to me." Johnny turned a pair of brightly sus- picious eyes on Hawker, who returned the gaze steadily for an instant before swinging it again to the street. "It develops, sir," the chauffeur con- tinued, "that Mr. Sylvester left prac- tically nothing. His bank balance is almost non-existent. This car and his other personal belongings must go to satisfy his creditors. It is very sad-- how close he was sailing to the wind, sir." "That makes it rather hard for you," observed Suggs. "But why are you telling me?" "I'm distrustful of lawyers, and I had to talk about it with someone. Here is the strange part, sir." The chauf- feur whirled the car around a corner and threaded his way through a maze of traffic at a speed that was a testimo- nial to his cleverness. "I understand that my master inherited all of Mr. Guerney's vast fortune. Many a time Mr. Sylvester told me of his expecta- tions. So, naturally, I expect to receive the money that would have gone to him--" They had reached the gray, forbid- ding walls of the prison, and the Rolls- Royce came to a stop before the gates. Johnny descended, but hesitated a mo- ment, one foot lagging on the running- board. He had an idea, and he wanted to see more of Hawker. "I think I can do something for you," he said. "As soon as I am free, I'm coming to see you." "You can find me at the St. Regis garage, sir." Johnny's eyes met the little, blood- shot ones in a meaning glance. "And you," he added, "can do some- thing for me." With a careless nod, he strolled to- ward the warden's office. 