The Man Who Would Not Die 105 kill his soul, even though we are forced to call upon the Holy Ones for aid. For the time you-jnust forget that you are the policeman, and become the pro- tector of mankind. We must gird our- selves for the battle, trusting in God to protect the right. Now do you under- stand?" Des Moines drew a trembling hand across his brow, from which the sweat was pouring. "God," he muttered, hoarsely. "It's horrible--unbelievable." The Master patted his shoulder af- fectionately. "I realize it, my friend. Yet, to a certain extent, you have been trained to see that which, to the ordi- nary mind, appears obtuse. Multiply that which you know, and understand, by hundreds, and you comprehend my wisdom. And I am but an infant in intellect compared to Darius Lessman. "The man cares for but two things --riches and power. Seek for the man who would profit most by the death of Augustus. Winters. And, when you have found him, return to me. Further than that I can tell you nothing. I must go now and, in prayer and medi- tation, prepare myself for the inevita- ble meeting." X Inspector Des Moines left the home of The Master, his head in a whirl. Al- though his years of experience in grap- pling with criminality in all of its sick- ening forms had made him a man far beyond the ordinary in point of intel- lect, his brain was too well acquainted with the wonder-worker he had just left to doubt his veracity. He had seen the terrible power of Lessman in the case of the unfortunate Ryan. The other officers who had battled against the unseen force were unable to add any information to what he already knew. They could only say that, for the instant, a will more powerful than their own had held them in check. What it was, they could not explain. Nor could they describe their sensations. Ponder- ing over the matter as he whirled city- wards the inspector could only shake his head. He was face to face with the greatest mystery he had ever tackled-- a mystery so big that only The Master himself could fathom it. As he came to a cross street, he sud- denly changed his mind and directed the chauffeur to drive to the Winters home. He would again study the millionaire at close range. He was unable to reconcile himself to the belief that the slow-witted, hysterical man of money was the enor- mous intellect described by Mohammed Gunga. Yet, everything fitted in to make a case against Winters--only to tumble to pieces at the next turn. There was the telephone call. His men had investigated. Not only was the operator ready to swear that it had been Winters who called from booth number fourteen, but the cigar girl as well. The man had stopped at the cigar stand for an instant. He was well known to the girl in charge, who had addressed him by name, as had the clerk on duty at the time. Yet, three minutes later, Win- ters had answered the telephone at his own home ten miles away. Clearly, a man could not be in two places at the same time. Nor was it within the power of any human being, by any modern means of transportation, to transport himself that djstance within the time given. Wilkins answered the inspector's ring. His master was in the parlor sitting be- side the body of his beloved wife. He would announce the inspector. A second later he returned and ush- ered Des Moines into the big reception hall. The inspector shook hands with the millionaire. Then, his eyes on the other's face, he plunged immediately into the reason for his call. "Mr. Winters," he said, "I believe that 