120 The Yellow Dog were dogging his every footstep. Nor did he know that an ugly, uncanny-look- ing, one-eyed mongrel was slinking behind him, keeping close to walls and to the fronts of shops, Jhat one eye perpetually fixed on its object of pursuit. Hankinson never saw that dog until he had walked on to the wharf--a de- serted, desolate, cold expanse of timber, on which there was no business doing at that hour of the evening. There was a pale gleam of yellow from the window of a waterside inn at the other end of the wharf; a half-moon was far up in the cloudy sky; here and there a faint gas flame burned. In this poor light Hankinson suddenly saw the yellow dog's one eye--baleful, malevolent. It turned him hot and cold, and he could do nothing but stare at it. He saw nothing of a boat putting off from any vessel; thereabouts, indeed, nothing of any sort seemed to be doing. There was, in fact, no sign of life on the wharf but in his own and the dog's presence. And the dog had sat down now, and did nothing but watch him. When the clouds cleared off the moon Hankinson saw the dog's one eye--and he cursed it under his breath in plain Cockney English. It was in the midst of these mutter- ing curses that the two slinking figures suddenly leapt out on Hankinson as he passed the stack of timber. There was a flashing of steel in the moonlight, and two knives went swiftly in and out of the soft silks in which Hankinson was masquerading. He fell over on his back as the knives were withdrawn, and con- vulsively twisted up and on to his side. He knew that blood was running from him like the spurts from a suddenly pricked wineskin, but his brain was clear enough yet, and he mechanically snatched at his revolver and fired, left and right, at the two figures which were drawing back from him. And as his own eyes began to glaze he saw the two figures sway and fall--fall in the unmis- takable fashion. "Lor'!" gasped Hankinson, as his head dropped. "Got--'em--both!" Then Hankinson died, and the yellow dog came near and looked at him. When you find the bodies of three dead men lying in the moonlight on a Thames-side wharf, one of them an Englishman dressed in Chinese garb, two of them Chinese men attired in reach-me-down slop suits, the English- man stabbed, the Chinese shot, the Eng- lishman with a collection of paste dia- monds on him, the Chinese with next to nothing, and all three watched by a miserable, one-eyed yellow dog, you have, all the elements of a first-class mystery. There were two Orientals in different places who could have solved that mys- tery, but your true Oriental knows how to keep a still tongue. And the yellow dog, unfortunately, was unable to make humans comprehend him. 