The Strange Case of Nathaniel Broome By Charles McDonell FOR the last twenty-five years I have lived in New York, the drab, unadventurous life of a city book- keeper. I have been left pretty much out of the running, but, with money sufficient to pay my unassuming bachelor expenses, I have long ago set- tled down in my shabbily comfortable lodgings on Fourteenth Street. Nothing ever happening to relieve its monotony, I grew to think that life was to hold little else save humdrum con- tentment for me during the quiet re- mainder of my days. Now all this is changed, and changed forever. I shall never be the same man again. A few months ago there came to take lodgings in one of the two rooms on my floor a very strange man. The evening upon which he moved into his room my landlady knocked at my door the way she does occasionally for a little chat. "Evenin', Mr. Scrimgeour," she said. "I suppose you heard him movin' in his things ?" "Oh, your new lodger," I replied. "Well, Mrs. Muzzard, you've had the room a long while idle on your hands." "Yes, Mr. Scrimgeour, but I can't ezac'ly say as I'm overjoyed that it's rented." "Why not?" "Mr. Scrimgeour, I don't like him!" "What's the matter with,him?" "Why, there ain't nothin' the matter with him as far as that goes. It's on'y that I have a kind of presentiment, that's all. He's so--so queer." "That needn't worry you, Mrs. Muz- zard, if he pays his rent. That is, as long as he doesn't look like a Bolshevik or any other kind of dangerous lunatic." "He ain't no Bolshy and I guess he ain't no loonier than most of the artists and writers around Greenwich Village here. And as I've been living down among them for twenty-odd years I guess I can stand it. No, it ain't that, Mr. Scrimgeour; I can't say ezac'ly what it is; I think he's one of them Spiritualists we hear so much about these days in the papers. Now he asks me for an oil lamp with a heavy shade. Why ain't the gas light good enough for the likes of him? I'd like to know. I never heard of such a queer thing. What can he be wantin' a 'soft light,' as he calls it, for, if it ain't so as he can see the spirits? They say them mediums works in the dark. Ugh! It fair makes me creep!" "Well, if he raises any objectionable spirits around here, you just let me know," I laughed. "I'll see what can be done toward exorcising them." As my interest was aroused in my fellow lodger by this conversation with my landlady I lingered about in the hall- way the following morning in the hope of catching a glimpse of the stranger. But my curiosity was unrewarded. Every evening during a whole week I heard him climb the uncarpeted stairs and enter his room. Often, during the course of the evening, I could hear his B. M.--Sept.--6 81 