18 Black Shadows o'clock this morning. At three-thirty the officer on the beat heard a shot, entered the house, and found the room wrecked, and a big Dayak lying dead on the floor. Jones' body had been crammed up the chimney. Do you know this Dayak ? What were you do- ing in this vacant house? Who was that bearded man ? I think at times that I see a light, and then matters become more foggy than ever." The girl considered. "The Dayak was probably Tama Aping, who swore to revenge himself some day on my father. He was different from most of his people--sullen, vicious to the core. Yes, he is the only one I can recall who would spend these years in a search for an enemy." "It really doesn't help us much. Granting that he killed Mr. Guerney the problem of his own death and Jones' is just as puzzling. But what were you doing in this house, Mil-- Miss Guerney?" "The house belonged to my mother, Mr. Suggs. The black-bearded man had been watching me. I wanted to get away from him, and I came here, think- ing I had shaken him off. Instead, he was close on my heels, forced his way in and seized me." "Why?" "He--he said he was a detective, and wanted to arrest me for the murder of Strickland Guerney!" CHAPTER V Johnny's heart jumped with a sud- den throb of fear. How had the police secured intelligence of Strickland Guer- ney's daughter? If they had, and knew what cause she had for hating him her arrest was only a matter of a few hours. Now, this detective--the reporter closed his eyes for an instant, trying to place those features in the gallery of his mind. Detective? Why, the man was Black Allen, a gunman of more than local renown! Undoubtedly some one was interested in having Mildred Guerney put out of the way, and that person, Suggs believed, was the mur- derer he sought. With a word to Mildred, the re- porter ran back to the house. If the thumb-screws were put on Black Allen he might tell who had hired him, which would save a lot of time and trouble, Johnny had left him in the house be- cause he believed, as the girl had, that the fellow was a detective. Now he was anxious to find him. But Allen, having enough of Suggs' punching abil- ity, had disappeared. The reporter explained the situation to the girl, and together they returned to Mildred's hotel. Johnny waited in the lobby while she packed her things. Then he chartered a taxi, and had them taken to another hostelry in an entirely dif- ferent section of the city. This would throw the Allen contingent off the track for awhile at least. Once more back on the job, Johnny's mind harked to the supposed cipher message Bradley had sent him. What necessity was there for it? The butler could just as easily have sent for him and told whatever he wanted. There was no need for mystic flub-dubbery. The reporter's anxiety to unravel the tangle, and find out who had killed Guerney, Jones and the Dayak chief in- creased with every passing moment. Though he had no very high respect for the -gentlemen in the municipal detec- tive office, he admitted that they some- times stumbled on the truth through sheer persistence. And he was very much afraid that in their blind fumbling around they would lay hands on Mil- dred. Guerney. Though Johnny was sure that she had not committed the crime, he knew that the police would be harder to convince. Besides, if he could lay hands on the murderer of Strickland 