The Man Who Would Not Die 107 phase of the case. A stone wall con- fronted him. There was nothing upon which he could even base a theory. Even though he succeeded in pinning the crimes on Winters, what jury would be- lieve the incredible story? There was not even a motive. He would be laughed out of court. Mohammed Gunga was his only hope. The telephone tinkled jarringly, start- ling him out of his day dreams. The voice which answered his gruff "Hello !" was that of a stranger, agitated, jerky. "Inspector, this is Thomas De Pew, Augustus Winters' nephew. For the love of God, come out here quick! Some- thing awful has happened. "I don't know what it is. I can't ex- plain. I only know that a stranger called here shortly after we returned from the funeral and inquired for my uncle. Wil- kins, the butler, heard him request a pri- vate interview. Uncle Gus took him into his study and closed the door. We sup- posed that he had departed, for, later, my uncle left the house for a short stroll --or, at least, we so imagined. "A few minutes ago Wilkins entered the study. He found the body of the stranger lying on the floor--stone dead! No, there is not a mark of violence 011 him. The physician--Doctor Bennett-- has just completed his examination. "And my uncle has not yet returned." XII Over the telephone, Des Moines re- ported the latest angle of the case to Mo- hammed Gunga. Then he drove to the latter's residence and picked him up on his way to the Winters home. The white-faced butler admitted them, trembling like a leaf as he ushered them into the presence of young De Pew, a slender youth trying hard to appear manly in spite of his agitation. A mo- ment later they were joined by Miss Dayton, the niece, a beautiful girl whose eyes were swollen and red from weep- ing, although she seemed to hold herself under better control than did the boy. The inspector briefly introduced The Master as one of his men versed in subtle poisons, brought along for the purpose of detecting if any such had been used in making away with the stranger found in the study. A hasty examination of the dead man proved the correctness of young De Pew's report. He was a rough appear- ing individual, evidently a laborer, far from the sort of person a man of Win- ters' refinement and wealth ,would be likely to be on intimate terms with. Mohammed Gunga arose from the stooping position over the dead man and turned to De Pew. "Darius Lessman," he said, in the con- versational tone of one polished gentle- man addressing another, "the time for unmasking is at hand! We meet at last! It is your soul or mine! Prepare yourself for the ordeal! Summon, if you are able, the powers of darkness. I warn you that behind me lies all of the great strength of the Holy Ones--and only you know what that means. Are you ready for the trial?" For an instant there was silence. Then, with a wild shriek, the girl ran screaming from the room. Des Moines stepped back a pace, startled by the sud- den accusation. Yet he knew the Master too well to doubt the correctness of his charges. De Pew's eyes glared angrily. He seemed about to leap at the throat of his accuser. Then, with a shrug of his thin shoulders, he chuckled--a throaty, dia- bolical, gleeful burst of mirth. "As you wish, my dear Mohammed Gunga! As you wish. I will warn you, as you have warned me. I intend to kill you, damn you! Yes, and the infernal meddler with you, too. I'll kill you as I killed the others." He rubbed his hands together glee- 