122 Bulling the Bulls opened, and the conductor, spectacles perched on the top of his nose, came in, followed by an assistant. When the door opened, Durkee, the tall man, opened his eyes and began leisurely to reach into his pockets for ticket or money. From the first pocket his hand came out empty, and an odd expression came across his face. He sat upright and hastily, but without flurry, searched for the necessary tender. Presently, he gave a shrug of the shoulders and sat back. He was a man of the world --that was clear--but, notwithstand- ing, he was mentally squirming as the conductor, a grizzled-haired man with a stiletto eye and a very short, but polite tongue, collected from one man and then another. Durkee gave an inaudible breath of embarrassment and vexation as the official at length stood next to him, actually touching him as he leaned over to give a mere glance at the stout man's punched slip tucked in the hold in the seat ahead. "Ticket, sir," said the conductor. Durkee looked up, a slight smile on his dark, handsome face. "I came away in a hurry," he said, "and I haven't a red cent on me as far as I can find." There was just a moment of si- lence, and Durkee felt that embar- rassment which any man, no matter how practiced a traveler he may be, feels when he is without funds and left to the mercy of a man who daily has to judge between humbugs and innocents. "We stop at Framingham, sir, I'm sorry, but"-- "Beg pardon," interposed the stout man, turning to Durkee with a smile. "Where you going?" "Boston?" answered Durkee. "What's the tax, Doctor?" in- quired the stout man, blandly. The conductor named the price and prepared a rebate slip and passed it to the stout man when he had paid Durkee's fare. "I haven't even my watch on," said Durkee when the conductor had passed on. "I'm very much obliged to you." "Don't mention it, my friend. I've been in similar predicaments." They conversed for a little while on general topics of the time--cau- tious on the subject of politics--but presently lapsed into silence and rode on for ten or fifteen minutes without speaking. "Live in Boston?" asked Grant, breaking the silence. "No," returned Durkee. His tone was not of rebuff, but he volunteered no information about himself. "By the way," he said, at length, "if you'll give me your name and address, I'll send you my fare." Mr. Grant waved his hand and uttered a little laugh. "That's all right," he said. "It's not all right," declared the other, mildly emphatic. "There's no reason why you should pay my fare." Mr. Grant half turned and looked his seatmate over with a marvelously quick glance. "If that's the way you feel about it, Mister," he said slowly, "it may be you can do a little bit of a favor for me." Durkee in his turn eyed his seat- mate again in a furtive manner, his deep-set, sharp eye missing nothing. A little curve appeared at the cor- ners of his mouth--but went quickly away. "The fact is, I'm in a mean little fix," said Grant. "I suppose I can rest in confidence upon your word of secrecy if you don't care to help me?" "Yes--if I pass my word," re- sponded Durkee. 