Black Shadows (A Complete Novelette) By J. C. Kofoed CHAPTER I THE limousine drew up beside the curb. A correctly garbed chauf- feur leaped from his seat, opened the door, and stood stiffly at at- tention as J. Sylvester Jones stepped out. Jones was garbed in a manner that should have made the lilies of the field blush with shame at their shabbi- ness. From thirty-dollar hat to forty- dollar shoes he was impeccable. "You may wait, Hawker," he said, in a tone that meant, "Hawker, I gracious- ly give you permission to continue liv- ing." He separated a key from the others on his ring, and languidly ascended the steps of Strickland Guerney's ornate house. It was coming on to dusk, and the great hall was almost dark. Jones switched on the light and looked about curiously. "Bradley," he called. A round shouldered, misty eyed little butler came pattering from somewhere in the rear of the house. "I am astonished at this carelessness, Bradley," reproved Jones. "Where are the servants?" "Ah, Mr. Sylvester, sir, I'm glad you've come." The old butler pointed a skinny, shaking hand toward the ceil- ing. "Something's wrong, Mr. Sylves- ter; I know it in my bones." "Wrong? What could be wrong?" "This morning your uncle told all the servants to take the day off. I was feeling rather badly, sir, and I retired to my room, where I stayed until noon. I went to his study then, and knocked, but he would not answer. Later I tried the door two or three times, but could get no response." "Nonsense," said Jones sharply. "What could be wrong? You're too old to display the nerves of a Chest- nut Street flapper, Bradley. I'll go upstairs with you, and we'll rouse up the old curmudgeon. Probably he went to sleep counting his bank- books." Together they ascended the wide, oak balustraded stairs. There was a heaviness in the atmosphere; a gloom that permeated everything. The butler shivered. Jones' eyes grew hard. There was no evidence of anything out of the ordinary, but both knew that something was wrong. The door to Strickland Guerney's study fronted the wide stairway. It was a huge affair of age-blackened oak that had been imported from a chateau in Normandy. Jones rapped several times, and called his uncle's name. There was no answer. "I told you, sir," quavered Bradley. The younger man stooped and ap- plied his eye to the key-hole. A limited segment of the room sprang into view; the rows of book- cases against the walls, the untidy table, and the great carved chair that Strick- land Guerney used. But it was none of these things that caused J. Sylvester Jones to straighten up, with a little sucking in of his breath. 3 