The Man Who Would Not Die By Harold Ward A WOMAN, young, handsome, richly dressed, lay dead on-the sidewalk. Over her stood a young man, hatless, his hair mussed, his face bruised and bleed- ing. Around them--the living and the dead--the crowd surged, held back by a little cordon of blue-coated police- men. A police automobile, its gong clanging raucously, dashed up to the curb and a tall, broad-shouldered man in plain clothes leaped out and elbowed his way through the throng of curiosity seekers to the sergeant in charge. "Great Heavens, Casey!" he ex- claimed, as his glance fell upon the face of the woman. "Do you know who she is?" Casey touched his cap respectfully. "Tliis chap here says that she's Mrs. Augustus Winters, the young wife that old Winters, the millionaire, married a couple of years ago. Used to be an ac- tress before she married him, I under- stand. I don't know the lady myself, inspector." The big man nodded. "He's right, Casey. It's Mrs. Winters all right." He caught himself with a start. "No, by George, it isn't!" The bareheaded young man with the bruised face interrupted. "You are wrong, sir. I know that it is Mrs. Win- ters." The inspector gave him a quick look. "You mean that you think it is she. The fact of the matter is that Mrs. Winters died suddenly yesterday after- noon." "You must be wrong," argued the other stubbornly. "I have waited on Mrs. Winters hundreds of times. I know her as well as I know myself. And she was alive and well ten min- utes ago." "Couldn't you be mistaken? I'll ad- mit that this woman looks enough like her to be her double. Must be her sis- ter." "I insist that you are Wrong, sir. I'll take my oath that this is Mrs. Winters lying there." Inspector Des Moines scratched his chin reflectively. "It's got me beat!" he declared. "There's only one thing to do, under the circumstances, Casey --get the body to the morgue and send for old Winters to identify it. Ask him if his wife was a twin. And," turning to the young man, "you get your hat and come on with me to the station. I want to have a talk with you." II Seated at the big, flat-top desk in his well appointed office, Des Moines light- ed a cigar in silence, offered another to his companion, then suddenly de- manded : "Now, come clean, young fellow. What's the story behind this affair? Let's have the straight of it." The lad--he was scarcely more than a boy--gulped to hide his agitation. "I--I--" he stammered. The inspector smiled kindly. "Don't get scared, my boy. Don't get scared. Bless your heart, sonny, I know that you didn't kill the woman. I only want to get at the facts in the case as speed- ily as possible. Just forget my gruff way of speaking--it's my natural voice." "I hardly know how to start," began 93 