Others , made EDWARD J. O'BRIEN HAVRE AUBERT MAGDALEN ISLANDS, P. Q. CANADA. OTHERS A Magazine of the New Verse Edited by Alfred Kreymborg APRIL 1916 Vol. 2 No. 4 HELEN HOYT MARJORIE ALLEN SEIFFERT MARY CAROLYN DAVIES PITTS SANBORN MAXWELL BODENHEIM Published by John Marshall, 331 Fourth Avenue NEW YORK 15 cents a Copy $ 1.50 a Year ##The Subscription to OTHERS for one year is $1.50. OTHERS is published monthly at 331 Fourth Avenue, New York. OTHERS makes its appeal to every person who is interested in poetry, and especially in the work of young Americans. Send in your subscription now. ANTON HELLMANN DESIGNER and FURNISHER of INTERIORS 80 Washington Square East Telephone Spring 6340 INTERIORS FURNISHED AS DIFFERENTLY FROM OTHERS AS THE POETRY IN "OTHERS" IS DIFFERENT FROM THAT IN OTHER MAGAZINES. MY CLASSES IN INTERIOR DECORATION AT THE MODERN ART SCHOOL ARE ABSOLUTELY DIRECT IN THEIR AIM. Register Now For The Summer Session. 72 Washington Square ##HELEN HOYT 191 DESIRE Once you were always calling me, Calling me when I could not answer, Urging me where I could not follow— So that I wished I had been born without desire, As a stone. But now many days you have left me, And in the silence I have learned your meaning. For a part of me is gone when you are gone; I am less And the world is less. O let me have my longing back again! Now gladly I will bear it; Gladly I will hold it to me, Though without release; Always. For what would be the pride of the sun itself With its light gone? O kindle me again, desire. Return to me. Return. ##192 HELEN HOYT ESCAPE O you, most gracious, With soft breasts And laughing kind eyes; You, of so deep gentleness, And wide-seeing, calm, Unlaboring wisdom— Whose body I love: Let me be your baby! Take me into your body, To carry me unborn; For I am tired now of being grown up And thinking, and knowing: I am tired of having always to will and make. Let me sink myself in you, In your love and steadfast quietness, And not be fretting or contending any more. Attainment allures me And taunts me, And I am weary of being urged. I would like to rest from this living: I would like to stop, and not be, for a long time Until I have rested and rested from life! Take away what I have become And let me be again unborn— An unborn baby, and you carrying me: Merged in you; ##HELEN HOYT 193 Not needing to live of myself: Having my life through your life: My peace in your serene, In your sufficing strength. RIDDLE Physical. So that nothing is more of the flesh; Yet spiritual, So that nothing is so wholly spiritual. Without dignity, Awkward, uncomely; Yet of majesty equal with death and birth And sacred with them. Solemn, What is more gay? (With almost the gaiety of childhood) Simple and swift and brief, What in all the world is longer, More intricate of result? ##194 HELEN HOYT Desired above all joys, And above all joys fled from; To each new man and woman seeming utterly new, Utterly their own As if never tasted before; Yet the property, Common as dust, Of all the millions of the world; Old as life. VITA NUOVA I have entered into my heritance; I also am one of the kingdom. Oh it is good to the heart, The pride of it swelleth the heart, The love of it reacheth forth the hands in greeting. Lo, I have part in the clouds And the stars are mine and the sunlight: The tall grass swept by the wind, The silence of trees is for me; The color and form of things, The rapture of sound: Thoughts that are born in my heart And urge their way to my tongue, Only the sweetness of them can never be gauged or uttered. ##MARJORIE ALLEN SEIFFERT 195 NOVEMBER AFTERNOON Upon our heads The oak leaves fall Like silent benedictions Closing autumn's gorgeous ritual, And we, Upborne by worship, Lift our eyes to the altar of distant hills. Beloved, How can I know What gods are yours, And how divine the visions of your spirit, Or hear The silent prayers your heart has said. Only by this I feel Your gods akin to mine— That when our lips have met On this last golden autumn afternoon They have confessed In silence Our kisses were less precious than our dream ##196 MARJORIE ALLEN SEIFFERT Today, Our passion drowned in beauty, We turn Our faces toward the hills, Where purple haze, like incense, Spreads its veil of mystery. THE LAST ILLUSION Along the twilight road I met three women, And they were neither old nor young, And in her hands each bore what she most cherished, For they were neither rich nor poor. And in the hands of the first woman I saw white ashes in an urn, And in the hands of the next woman I saw a heavy, jagged stone, And in the hands of the last woman I saw a tarnished mirror gleam. Along the twilight road I met three women, And they were neither fools nor wise, For each was troubled lest another covet Her precious burden, so she walked alone. ##MARJORIE ALLEN SEIFFERT DISILLUSION I touch Joy and it crumbles under my fingers. The dust from it rises and fills the world. It blinds my eyes, I cannot see the sun. A choking fog of dust shuts me apart. I remember the sparkling wind on a sharp autumn morning. I let down my hair and danced in the golden gale, Then chased the wind as the wind chased fallen leaves— Wind cannot be caught and tamed like a bird. I touch Joy and it crumbles to dust in my fingers. ## 198 MARY CAROLYN DAVIES LATER SONGS I The one who gives them out is short of dreams, With jealous husbandry He deals them carefully, One dream to every two people. ''You must share it, We're short of dreams," he says. But they Are only glad of the excuse of sitting down To the same dream— II Perhaps, God, planting Eden, Dropped, by mistake, a seed In Time's neighbor-plot, That grew to be This hour? III You and I picked up Life and looked at it curiously; We did not know whether to keep it for a plaything or not. It was beautiful to see, like a red firecracker, And we knew, too, that it was lighted. We dropped it while the fuse was still burning— ##MARY CAROLYN DAVIES 199 IV The careful ocean sews Pools, like round blue buttons On the gray coat of the sand. V The sun is dying Alone On an island In the bay. Close your eyes, poppies! —I would not have you see death. You are so young— VI The sun falls Like a drop of blood From some hero. We, Who love pain, Delight in this. VII A woman stepped up behind me and spoke conn "You forgot to put on convention," she said, "and your soul shows through." VIII I waited upon a hill for the sunrise. (It was a very little hill.) I waited for the sunrise. In the chill dark I waited. ##200 MARY CAROLYN DAVIES And in the cool gray before any dawn. I waited for the sunrise, With lips apart to praise. But when it came it was a very old sunrise, And I went away weeping. IX You are calling upon me, Fashionably clothed, Properly prepared with small talk. I sit sedately and help build up The stone wall between us, with my little bricks of yes and no. There are hothouse flowers on the table, New York is outside the window—and inside— The housemaid has set the chairs as carefully in their spheres as God could ever have placed the stars. Within the grate There is a fire burning, It has nearly gone out. It is only a smouldering red thing now. But as we look at it Suddenly ages crumple, The room vanishes, You and I are a man and woman in a cave With fire— X Take what the gods give. Tomorrow may be Monday on Olympus ##PITTS SANBORN 201 VIE DE BORDEAUX, SAUCE SUPREME (to E. L.) August 13, 1914 Noon of the morn, Golden, Breeze-laden. Fleet the hours That carried me Knowing and knowing not The whither and when. The hours connived, Divining the road, devised the goal, Spared me the dissonant collapse, Mad-cap conspirators in laughter of flight Winking at mortal ecstasy, Plotters of heavenly interlude. Quivering like withdrawing wings The day rose into night ##202 PITTS SANBORN Insensibly. In my upper room I sat in the half-light Looking out on the drab roofs, Tiling, gutters, chimneys, chimney-pots— Everywhere behind the clay tremulous sapphire ing. I was tranquil, grew pensive, Content of my chair— In contemplation, Perilous for ecstasy. Suddenly, Over my right shoulder, Without design, I looked straight at the young moon, Perpendicular, Peeping through the sky Like a maiden that would. My heart did bound, And I went down into the Quinconces, Sahara of parks, but for its trees In flanking, vitiated ranks, Sand and more, sand Beneath its ugly trees, Its worm-gnawed, desolate trees, Dropping a tainted leafage shamelessly Though the night was summer, ##PITTS SANBORN 203 Ruin and curse of trees, ignoble, scrawny, Mercifully obscured by the night. It is the park And does not lack for benches. There are even metal chairs— In the day time they are let out for hire— "Deux sous, s'il vous plait"— If you happen to sit down on one, But at night they are quite free. So at night one goes to the Quinconces Inevitably, And one is several and sometimes many, But when the moon is a maid, Young and discreet, One in the Quinconces by night, May easily be two. But never before the night of that young moon Did two in the Quinconces To me Mean You. Oh— I was full of the god that day, The droll, The secret God! ##204 PITTS SANBORN VIE DE BORDEAUX Grandee of Spain Rue des Trois Conils To E. L. I never knew anyone else so well who did not tutoyer me. In the moment of the chief pain You held the distance of the plural Between our spirits, Though and when You inquired solicitously Of my apparent suffering. If now you were to tutoyer me I think for me you would lose something precious, Like a castle visited. Lazy and obvious Is the singular— An intrigue in the shadow of a wall at night. After which You separate without knowing the color of each other's hair. Grandee of Spain— Not yet, And I am content. ##MAXWELL BODENHEIM 205 THE CAFETARIA This pillar-necked, faded-skinned girl in black and white, Whose eyes are like glimpses of heaving seas, Peers up, in search of desire in your eyes, And failing, praises her food-trays in a clinking voice . . . Beside her stands a mist-eyed, shrinking woman, Whose body seems ivory draped in thin velvet. You are a flat-colored fantasy to her— She only sees your outlines . . . And below her, a heavily-smiling, flitting-eyed Polish girl Thinks you a solemn doll she would like to touch. TO A MAN The once white statue of a woman, smudged and bloodied With the dirty fingers of years, was his mind. It lay, grave and neglected, at the base of its tall pedestal . . . But one day I found him washing it with his soul. And heaving it with the strength of a smile, to the top of the pedestal. ##MAXWELL BODENHEIM IMPRESSIONS OF A WOMAN The dipping road she walked on Had a still fringe of raised-lipped people, Whose eyes spread out like dying water-drops, As they gasped at her dress of braided moon-thread And her face, a silken window laced with cold flames . . . Thus did she seem to me As we met upon one of the hill-tops of our lives. A DAY Split, brown-blue clouds are over me, And brown-blue mist is also Over the little hills of my sprawling moods And under the pale blue revery of my soul. . . Yet the hills are covered with shouting goat-her To whom the mist and revery is nothing.##WILLIAM CARLOS WILLIAMS 145 Nervously she crushes her straw hat about her eyes and tilts her head to deepen the shadow— smiling excitedly! As best she can she hides herself in the full sunlight her cordy legs writhing beneath the little flowered dress that leaves them bare from mid-thigh to ankle— Why has she chosen me for the knife that darts along her smile? TO A SOLITARY DISCIPLE Rather notice, mon cher, that the moon is tilted above the point of the steeple than that its color is shell-pink. Rather observe ##146 WILLIAM CARLOS WILLIAMS that it is early morning than that the sky is smooth as a turquoise. Rather grasp how the dark converging lines of the steeple meet at the pinnacle—; perceive how its little ornament tries to stop them! See how it fails! See how the converging lines of the hexagonal spire escape upward receding, dividing! —sepals that guard and contain the flower! Observe how motionless the eaten moon lies in the protecting lines. It is true: in the light colors of the morning brown-stone and slate shine orange and dark blue ##WILLIAM CARLOS WILLIAMS 147 but observe the oppressive weight of the squat edifice! observe the jasmine lightness of the moon! EPIGRAMME Hast ever seen man Dig gold in a manure heap? Then open two eyes For digging among these, Our fellow townsmen, I turn up this nugget. ##148 ALFRED KREYMBORG CONVENTION Beware of a pirate who will scuttle your ship, a cross-eyed toothless pirate! I'll blow my great horn, carved of dead men's skulls, right down your ear and freeze you. I'll stick my big thumb into your eye and my knife clean through your throat. I'll pull out my goblet and drink your blood while my foot rests on your belly. I'll laugh a loud laugh that'll shunt your soul to hell and spit on your face for an epitaph. I'll kick your carcass to its coffin, the sea, a sea that won't sing even a dirge for you. Then I'll yank down the flag that you hoisted up so high and raise the devil's own instead. Beware of a pirate who will scuttle your ship, a cross-eyed toothless pirate! I crawl aboard when your sails begin to fail— the sails that are blown by the strength of your will. ##ALFRED KREYMBORG 149 MAN TELLS Do you love that woman, sir? Yes, that which I make of her. Isn't she most beautiful? Yes, because I think her so. Hasn't she the best of hearts? Yes, because I want it so. Then there might be more like her? Yes, the one you love. WOMAN TELLS I know that you do, but— when last did you tell me? I know that you gave, but— what roses and roses! I know that you will, but— such kisses to go! I know, yes, I know, but— Begin! VISTA The snow, ah yes, ah yes indeed, is white and beautiful, white and beautiful, verily beautiful— from my window. The sea, ##150 ALFRED KREYMBORG ah yes, ah yes indeed, is green and alluring, green and alluring, verily alluring— from the shore. Love, ah yes, ah yes, ah yes indeed, verily yes, ah yes indeed! THE WHIP OF THE UNBORN It is not she who rends me so— no, it is not she. These eves are not hers that hate me so— no, they are not hers. Nor this her breath that flaunts me, nor these her arms that strangle— no, these are not hers. It is not I who rends me so— no, it is not I. This heart is not mine that goads me on— no, this is not mine. Nor these my thoughts that flay me, nor this my soul that sneers me down— no, these are not mine. Nor that her whip that lashes me, nor that my whip that lashes me— no, this is not ours. ##ALFRED KREYMBORG 151 LITTLE FOLK Of late, I've been craving a child, the adoption of a child. Not a child of mine— I have so little blood for that, and that requires two— but an ordinary child, like myself, who will be serious with me, playfully, and play with me, seriously— I have quarts of blood for that. Little One: Will you adopt me? IN THE NEXT ROOM And over there sat a beautiful child, a child with a beautiful face, a child with beautiful hands ; but its body was deformed, its eyes were deeply melancholy. It smiled from time to time: its mouth smiled, but its eyes remained melancholy; ##152 ALFRED KREYMBORG its cheeks smiled, but its eyes remained melancholy; its brows smiled, but its eyes remained melancholy; mouth, cheeks, brows, its whole face smiled— but its eyes remained unchanged. In the next room, they were playing Schubert. TO H. S. Those people out there moving about in mist, dancing mist, dancing blue-gray mist, gravely gay dancing mist— (or do they do the dancing?) are always coming so close to you, you're always going so close to them— but you never touch. Don't you love them? Queer beautiful things. Mist people. Moving mist people. Dancing mist people. You ought to— you're one of them. ## MAXWELL BODENHEIM 207 TO A. K. This broadly-shaded, babbling man Who barely strokes an old mandolin, This broadly-shaded, bantering man, Whose face is like the rain-dappled swell Of flowers whispering through the night, What veils him as he turns to me? AN OLD NEGRO ASLEEP As spilled, dried wine that colors earth, The yellow-white light sinks into his rubbed brown face, And perhaps reaches even the seeded dreams below, Melting them to webbed shapes he cannot hold. Happily so, for if he awoke still bearing them, He would be a filled chest unable to open itself . . . He squats afterward, making white grinning trinkets, And thinks them the dreams he had. IN THE PARK Stout woman in shades of red And twisted-shouldered girl in a lemon-colored jacket, Your lowered heads are slanting cups From which fluid smiles splash upon my dry face . . . And in payment, let me trip beside you, pushing your flat baby-cart, And singing you songs of the simple trees on the way. ##208 MAXWELL BODENHELM DEATH Death and I felt the point of elbows on the hot, cluttered street. His eyes were those of one who fears you may call him friend, Who knows you will like him or hate him, with wrong-reasons. He spoke quickly, odd pauses pushing apart the words. "I am walking now to a stupid, loose-lipped old shop-keeper. When he is quite dead, he will be as you and I— There is no difference in souls. . . . We will take a piece of the road together, As friends who are weary of glancing at each other. Our meeting and parting will be quite casual." And I spoke. "I think we are both weary of our work, Death, And yet find a strange compensation in our weariness." He laughed. "You have almost fathomed me," he said, And walked off to the old, open-lipped shopkeeper. JUST AFTER MIDDLE AGE Through a window broken by its white leap, Snow has tumbled into a small room. It twists about the huge fallen black candles; It licks the red feet of the tall, silk-stifled altar; It slowly rises till it grazes the arched, bare feet Of a dancer, stiffened in her highest whirl. ##MAXWELL BODENHEIM 209 FIRST MEETING A softly angular woman gives me quick smiles Which I grasp at, but never catch. (They are like the wavering ghosts of glow-worms.) Her voice is like an empty basket Lined with the velvet promise of gifts. I am a child in a cumbersome robe Curled up in a corner, rebuked. What must I do to fill the empty basket? IMAGES OF EMOTIONS I The wind-brown columns of a broken temple Are fixed in the green ripple of noon. So are your sorrows enclosed by the washed-out sleep of your soul. II An old man climbs up a little wet apple-tree And hangs to its top, with raised arms, Trying to touch the sky. So does your desire move heavily up your soul, And lift its bare arms. III Fragments of mist-covered silence pass over The blue-white turmoil of water. So does your love drift high above the whirl of your sadness. ##210 MAXWELL BODENHEIM With this issue, "Others" inaugurates a Review Department in charge of Maxwell Bodenheim. In common with the pages of the magazine, reviewers will be unfettered in their expression. The department will deal chiefly with Free Verse. A. K. THE CATHOLIC ANTHOLOGY—1914-1915 Someone with a delightful sense of futuristic contrast arranged the poem sequence of The Catholic Anthology, placed W. B. Yeats next to T. S. Eliot, and Alice Corbin beside Orrick Johns. The poets should have been linked in simple alphabetical order, or placed in fairly friendly groups. But that is a small flaw—the anthology lives or dies through its content. W. B. Yeats heads the book with a rhymed, ponderously cynical fling at scholars. One would have thought the subject antiquated through numerous attacks, certainly too venerable to lead the capering band of youthful souled choristers composing the anthology. After Yeats comes the languidly, pirouetting, naïve love-song of a middle-aged man, The Love Song of J. Alfred Prufrock by T. S. Eliot. Eliot is one of the most completely-equipped original writers of free verse. He has a huge bag of grotesque, whimsically sad, new poetic emotions. His Portrait of a Lady, in the Anthology, mirrors him at his best. He is seated at a table, about evening, considering the poignant ghost of a past affair, suddenly arisen within him, and veiling his faintly bitter emotions with a softly casual expression. The poem is a miracle in sustainment and in the successful use of the frayed device of refrain. Next is Douglas Goldring with Calle Memo O Loredan, a purring, romantic poem of a night in an old palace—probably Venetian. Then Alice ##MAXWELL BODENHEIM 211 Corbin with One City Only, a poem which quietly chats to you of the emotions of a young girl at the turning point in her life, in the city of her birth. The poem is unprententious and succeeds within its limitations. An unknown, or masquerader, Mr. T. E. H., follows with a war poem, a somewhat thinly outlined suggestion of the numb feelings of a soldier at the front. Orrick Johns comes after, with Songs of Deliverance and Olives. In the first he awkwardly strikes the brazen cymbals of youth, hating most of the things about it, longing to walk alone. In the second, he is plaintively humorous about defects in himself and others. When he becomes more than half-serious one will not be afraid to generalize about him. But now—no. Alfred Kreymborg lias a small unfortunate representation, through no fault of his own. Edgar Lee Masters bestows a Spoon River group, photographs clear in detail, leaving no part of the way for the reader to traverse himself, listing the main incidents in the lives of smalltown types, with heavy accuracy. Harriet Monroe has a long poem, a Letter from Pekin, almost eight pages, I think, which should have been squeezed to thirty or forty lines. She is out of place in the anthology, her moods of sentimental reverence are not part of the new poetic trend. As an appreciator of poetry she is a giant, but as a poet, she is too far behind the van. M. B. has two quaint-imaged poems. Harold Monro is always a bit uncertain of himself, his unsubtle emotions brush over you, and leave no impress. Carl Sandburg is at Iiis best in the book, with two poems, The Harbour and The Road and the End, examples of the repressed, lightly-sad style he sometimes is fortunate enough to use. In these poems he neither rants nor shouts and we have temporarily a new Sandburg. Allen Upward dis- ##212 MAXWELL BODENHEIM plays some stiffly-sketched, obvious Chinese tales—Chinese Lanterns. Then William Carlos Williams with In Harbour and The Wanderer; the first, a whimsical, delicately unhappy song of ships creaking at their ropes near the beckoning sea; the second the impressions of a sort of intangible Wandering Jew, who cannot quite understand the things he stumbles through, the garish city, the factory town, streets and fields of Europe. It is a little too drawn out, too reiterated, the only thing impairing its solemn, tired flavor. At last we approach Ezra Pound, gaudy, wide-souled assembler of the book. He has a group two miles below his best, and six above his worst. His Further Instructions and Study in Aesthetics show him in a mildly jocund, smoothly satirical mood, slowly grimacing at himself. John Rodker ends the book with some Chorie School examples in which he enters a little blind alley, of rythmical sound and diluted intricate emotion. M. B. (ELKIN MATHEWS) POEMS BY JOHN RODKER John Rodker is a weary-souled, intricately sensual, evanescent poet. He starts where a great many poets end, and takes one uncertain step, but he cannot be placed above these poets until he has taken another, surer stride. It is impossible to rate him. Out of his present half-splendor may come something or nothing. When he unites a delicate simplicity of wording with subtlety of subject, he entirely succeeds. But sometimes his multiplicity of half-moods is piled too thickly, one upon the other. He has in some degree the poetic essentials, compression, imaginative-originality, and restraint—the material out of which his future figure may be molded. He is twenty-one—perhaps that is why he foolishly ##MAXWELL BODENHEIM 213 opens his book with a credo, a stiffly written, rhymed introduction in which he attempts to show his purpose and, instead, weaves a mournful veil. Poetic introductions are curiously futile. A book of poetry either stands alone or falls. If it is good, it has a sweep of imagination, an interplay of mood, too wide to be squeezed into a little didactic box. The very first poem, A Slice of Life, shows Rodker at his worst—a little bit of intangible gymnastics, of still-life melodrama—things floating out to the sea. It is barely saved by a quiet, almost indifferent treatment. Below it on the same page is another fragment, a hint, a glint, which says almost nothing, but veils much. "Desperate and disdainful showed his wares. . . . Stupid things, . . . laces, studs, . . . Santa Maria, Immanence and Item are the most alluring of his things along the way to his longest poem— London Night. Santa Maria is the simply, softly-repressed expression of mingled sadness and joy too remote to be touched. Immanence barely sketches a trance-flowered sadness, a mood whisking past you. It is like a fleeting caress. It is perhaps the best poem in the book. Item?—a subtly humorous piece of glass in which lies the glazed, broken portrait of a woman. And now London Night—Rodker's self-portrait seen through the incidents and reflections of an evening. We have him here, a youth half-afraid of the life-tangle about, half satirically sad, and at times bewildered or disdainful of the elaborately acting people about him. If it were only sustained, it would be his best. Rodker has written too little to be accurately measured. But one can say, in all fairness, that he has indisputable hints of future ripening. M. B. ####MUSHROOMS A BOOK of RHYTHMS BY ALFRED KREYMBORG OUT OF PRESS IN APRIL PRICE $1.25 JOHN MARSHALL PUBLISHER 331 Fourth Avenue New York DECORATING of INTERIORS for people who are tired of the conventional New York Apartments. Hours by appointment, PLAZA 8677 SKIPWITH CANNELL 21 EAST 49th STREET ##OTHERS AN ANTOLOGY OF THE NEW VERSE Free verse is not only the chief indication of a growing nationalism in American literature, but it is, as regards our language, except for a few English contributors, exclusively an American achievement. In consequence, this volume to which about fifty men and women have contributed, cannot be overlooked by any lover of poetry or of literature. ". . . They are among the live things being done in America just now. Perhaps you are unfamiliar with this new 'poetry' that is called 'revolutionary.' Perhaps you've heard that it is queer and have let it go at that. Perhaps if you tried it you'd find that a side of you that had been sleeping would come awake again. It is worth the price of a Wednesday matinee to find out." J. B. Kerfoot in Life. Price, 1.50. ALFRED A. KNOPF, PUBLISHER, N. Y.##