The Crisis The CRISIS Vol. 10—No.2 JUNE, 1915 Whole No. 56 ONE DOLLAR A YEAR TEN CENTS A COPY A New Book by Dr. Du Bois THE NEGRO By W. E. BURGHARDT DU BOIS, author of "Souls of Black Folk," "Quest of the Silver Fleece," "Select Bibliography of the Negro American," etc. This is the authentic romance of the black man. It is a history of him at once scholarly, earnest and eloquent. He is considered from the earliest times, and the thread of his fascinating story is followed in Africa, America, and wherever else it has appeared. To look at the Negro against the background of his history is to see him in a light fairer than that in which most Americans have seen him. 256 Pages—3 Maps—Cloth Bound At the low price of 50 cents net—By mail 56 cents Dr. Du Bois's new book is the latest addition to a remarkable series of low-priced new books with which everybody should become acquainted. These books may be obtained from The CRISIS, 70 Fifth Avenue, New York THE HOME UNIVERSITY LIBRARY Is made up of new books by leading authorities. The editors are Professors GILBERT MURRAY, H. A. L. FISHER, W. T. BREWSTER and J. ARTHUR THOMSON. Cloth bound, good paper, clear type, 25 6 pages per 50c. net volume. Each complete and sold separately "A growing wonder of enterprise and sound judgment. Each volume, entirely new, is furnished by an acknowledged expert; is brief enough and plain enough to be readable or even fascinating, scientific enough to be a condensed authority —and at the nominal price of 50 cents."—Hartford Courant. SOME SELECTED EARLIER VOLUMES: EVOLUTION By J. A. Thomson LATIN AMERICA By W. R. Shepherd THE FRENCH REVOLUTION VICTORIAN LITERATURE By Hilaire Belloc Chesterton By G K ROME By W. Warde Fowler GERMANY OF TODAY PROBLEMS OF PHILOSOPHY By Charles Tower By Bertrand Russell EURIPIDES AND HIS AGE NAPOLEON By H. A. L. Fisher By Gilbert Murray THE CIVIL WAR By F. L. Paxson UNEMPLOYMENT By A. C. Pigou 94 volumes now ready. Send for a list HENRY HOLT AND COMPANY 34 W. 33d Street New York Mention THE CRISIS TH E CRISIS A RECORD OF THE DARKER RACES PUBLISHED MONTHLY BY THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE. AT 70 FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK CITY Conducted by W. E. BURGHARDT DU BOIS AUGUSTUS GRANVILLE DILL, Busineaa Manager Contents Copyrighted, 1915, by the National Anociation for the Advancement ol Colored People Contents for June, 1915 PICTURES COVER. "Summer." Photograph from Life. By C. M. Battey Page CARTOON. "The Next Colored Delegation to the White House" By Lorenzo Harris 96 ARTICLES THE ZEITGEIST. A Poem. By Leslie Pinckney Hill. Illustrated By The Art Department of Wilberforce University 82 FIGHTING RACE CALUMNY. Part II 87 BIRDS AND MANUSCRIPTS. By May Effie Lee ... 89 THE GOLDEN-HAIRED MAIDEN. A Story. By Sidney E. Dickinson 92 THF CIRCULATION OF THE CRISIS 97 DEPARTMENTS ALONG THE COLOR LINE 59 MEN OF THE MONTH 65 OPINIONS 69 EDITORIAL 78 NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COL ORED PEOPLE 85 LETTERS 94 TEN CENTS A COPY; ONE DOLLAR A YEAR FOREIGN SUBSCRIPTIONS TWENTY-FIVE CENTS EXTRA RENEWALS : When a subscription blank is attached to this page a renewal of your subscrip tion is desired. The date of the expiration of your subscription will be found on the wrapper. CHANGE OF ADDRESS: The address of a subscriber can be changed as often as desired. In ordering a change of address, both the old and the new address must be given. Two weeks' notice is required. MANUSCRIPT S and drawings relating to colored people are desired. They must be accom panied by return postage. If found unavailable they will be returned. Entered as Second-class Matterinthe Post Office at New York, N. Y. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Atlanta University Is beautifully located in the City of Atlanta, Ga. The courses of study include High School, Normal School and College, with manual training and domestic science. Among the teachers are graduates of Yale, Harvard, Dartmouth and Wellesley. Forty-five years ml successful work have been completed. Students come from all parts of the South. Graduates are almost universally successful. For further information address President EDWARD T. WARE ATLANTA, GA. Knoxville College Beautiful Situation. Healthful Location. The Best Moral and Spiritual Environment. A Splendid Intellectual Atmosphere. Noted for Honest and Thorough Work. Offers full coursesin the following departments: College,Normal, High School,Grammar School and Industrial. Good water, steam heat,electric lights,good drain AVOID BAD SCHOOLS age. Expenses very reasonable. Opportunity for self-help. Fall Term Began September, 1914. For information address President R. W. McGRANAHAN KN(1XVT1.LE. TEMN. State Summer School Sixteenth Annual Session will begin July 5, 1915 at the Agricultural and Technical College, (formerly A. &amp; M. College) and continue five weeks. Write for catalog. Secure lodging in advance. Address J. H. BLUFORD, Director STATE SUMMER SCHOOL GREENSBORO, NORTH CAROLINA JAS. B. DUDLEY, President MOREHOUSE COLLEGE (Formerly Atlanta Baptist College) ATLANTA, GA. College, Academy, Divinity School An institution famous within recent years for its emphasis on all sides of manly development—the only institution in the far South devoted solely to the education of Negro young men. Graduates given high ranking by greatest northern universities. Debating, Y. M. C. A, athletics, all live features. For information address JOHN HOPE, President ST. MARY'S SCHOOL An Episcopal boarding and day school for girls, under the direction of the Sisters of St Mary. Address: THE SISTER-IN-CHARGE 611 N. 43d St. W . Philadelphia, Pa. Educate your children at home under our expert teacher* Courses for Adults Pupils received at any time. Write to EDUCATIONAL EXTENSION School, Box 3194 Station F, Washington, D. C. Highly Endorsed. Financially Responsible. WILEY UNIVERSITY MARSHALL, TEXAS Recognized as a college of the First Class by Texas and Louisiana State Boards of Education. Harvard, Yale and Columbia represented on its faculty; students gath ered from ten different states. Strongest Music Department in the West M. W. DOGAN, President FISK UNIVERSITY NASHVILLE, TENN. Founded 1866 Thorough Literary, Scientific, Educational, Musical and Social Science Courses. Pioneer in Negro music. Special study in Negro life. Ideal and sanitary buildings and grounds. Well-equipped Science building. Christian home life. High standard of independent manhood and womanhood. For literature, etc., write C. W . Morrow, Acting President. Mention TE CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER The National Religious Training School "I cordially commend the school's interest and needs to all who believe in the Negro race and in our obligation to help promote its intellectual, moral and religious uplift." —REV. DR. C HARLES H. PARKHURST, New York City. IT IS MORE THAN A MERE SCHOOL IT IS A COMMUNITY OF SERVICE AND UPLIFT Its influence is destined to be felt in all sections of the country in improved Negro community life wherever our trained workers locate. Settlement workers, missionaries for home and foreign mission fields, Y. M. C. A. and Y. W. C A. secretaries and district nurses receive a comprehensive grasp of their studies under a Wellesley graduate and experienced co-workers and actual every-dav practice through the school's SOCIAL SERVICE DEPARTMENT. We aim also to create a better qualified ministry. Industrial training, advanced literary branches, business school. Thirty-two acres; ten modern buildings; healthful location. We can accommodate a few more earnest, ambitious students. Communities requiring social workers should write us. For catalog and detailed information address: PRESIDENT JAMES E. SHEPARD National Religious Training School Durham, N. C The school has no endowment fund and must raise a yearly maintenance fund of $15,000 for running expenses. Won't you help us this year? The Cheyney Training School for Teachers CHEYNEY, PENNSYLVANIA Under the management of the Society of Friends. Beautifully located, healthful, well appointed, and within easy reach of a great variety of educational institutions, public and private, extending from West Chester to Philadelphia; representing a wide range of educational problems and practice. This school offers to young colored men and women who have a reasonable secondary school preparation, and who earnestly desire to become teachers, carefully graded courses in academic work, domestic science, domestic art, manual crafts and agriculture. Summer school will not be held at Cheyney during 1915, but will open on an improved basis in 1916. Tuition is free. Board, lodging, heat, light and laundry privileges are offered for nine months for $100. The charge for the same during the summer-school course is $15. Write for particulars to LESLIE PINCKNEY HILL, Principal Mention THE CRISIS 58 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER OF INTEREST TO VOCAL STUDENTS TONE-PLACING AND VOICE-DEVELOPMENT Points explained, viz.: Breath in Singing, Trying the Voice, the Soprano, the Mezzo-Soprano, the Contralto, Tenor Leggiero or High Tenor, the Baritone, the Bass, Parts of the Vocal Apparatus, the Mouth, the Tongue, Position when Practising, Position when Singing, How to Practice, Good Rules for Singing. Comment from the conductor of the Paulist Choristers, the celebrated choral society which received the first prize awarded at the International Singing Contest held in Paris on May 25, 1912: "Dear Mr. Tinsley: "I take great pleasure in commending your very useful and succinctly written book on 'Tone-Placing and Voice-Development' Your own appreciation of the psychology of singing and the fundamental principles of the art you have cleverly reduced to a simple system. Cordially yours, "Father WILLIAM J. FINN, C. S. P., Director Paulist Choristers of Chicago." From "Musical Courier," N. Y.: "A very practical little book is 'Tone-Placing and Voice-Development,' by Pedro T. Tinsley. It contains some very excellent material and vocal exercises, and should be in the hands of all vocal students." From "Music News," Chicago, Ill.: "Accordingly his 'Practical Method of Singing' is a most concise and practical little manual, containing many valuable vocal exercises. It cannot fail to be helpful to all ambitious vocal students." HELPED HIM GREATLY "Since I practised your exercises of 'Tone-Placing and Voice-Development' my voice is more resonant than it has been for years. It seems to me that I am getting a new voice." Prof. John T. Layton, Director Coleridge-Taylor Musical Society, 1722 10th St., N. W., Washington, D. C. PRICE $1.00 Address the publisher: Pedro T. Tinsley, 6448 Drexel Ave., Chicago, Ill.; or Clayton F. Summy, 64 E. Van Buren St., or Lyon &amp; Healy, Adams and Wabash Ave., Chicago, Ill, THE NATIONAL TEACHERS* AGENCY Through us school authorities, without expense or delay, get into communication with the strongest and most carefully investigated teachers in all lines. Teachers who seek positions or advancement should register with us and avail themselves of our expert service. Prompt and courteous attention to corres pondence. B. F. BOWLES,2739 CONVERSE AVENUE MANAGER.  EAST ST. LOUIS, Ill. PUBLISHER'S CHAT The July number ofThe CRISIS will be the an nual Education Number. All news ofNegro col leges, andofcolored students winning distinction anywhere will be welcome ifreceived before June E. ALDAMA JACKSON Graduate Institute of Musical Art, Organist and Director of Music St. Mark's M. E. Church Teacher of Theory and Piano Theory course embraces elementary and advanced Harmony or Counterpoint. Private or Class Work Studio : 30 W. 132d STREET, NEW YORK CITY CONCERT SOLOIST LULA ROBINSON-JONES, Soprano For terms write 126 West 134 Street, New York City Statement of theOwnership,Management, Etc. of THE CRISIS Published monthly at 70 FifthAvenue, New York, required by the actofAugust 24, 1912. Editor:W. E.BurghardtDuBois,70Fifth Ave nue,NewYork City. ManagingEditor:W.E. Burghardt DuBois, 70 Fifth Avenue,New York City. Business Manager: Augustus Granville Dill, 70 Fifth Avenue, NewYork City. Publisher: TheNational Association for the Ad vancement ofColored People, 70 FifthAvenue, New York City. Owners: The National Association for -the Ad vancement ofColored People,a corporation with no stock. MoorfieldStory, President. May Childs Nerney, Secretary. Joel E. Spingarn, Chairman Board of Directors. Oswald Garrison Villard, Treasurer. Known bondholders, mortgageesandother secur ity holders, holding 1 per cent ormoreof total amount of bonds, mortgages or other securities: None. A. G. Dill, Business Manager. Sworn toandsubscribed beforeme this 29th day of March, 1915. Edward J. Breden, Notary Public. Kings CountyNo. 101. New YorkCounty No. 113. New York RegisterNo. 6233. School Teachers Wanted We can place 3000 school teachers who wish to be pleasantly and profitably employed during their vacation time. Write us today for full information and free circular reproductions of our specialties. We will appoint you our representative and show you how to make from $2.00 to $10.00 per day and be your own boss. Agents wanted everywhere. Special offer for ministers. DOUGLAS SPECIALTIES CO. 3548 Vernon Ave. (Dept. K) Chicago. Ill. Mention THE CRISIS THE CRISIS Vol. 10 -No. 2 JUNE, 1915 Whole No. 56 Along the Color Line MUSIC AND ART MISS RACHEL WALKER, sopra no, of Cleveland, Ohio, who has spent several years in musical activity in Paris and London, was heard in a Song Recital at Lincoln Temple, Washington, D. C, early in March. Her numbers included songs from Rossini, Schumann, Rogers, Burleigh and Coleridge-Taylor. The sympathetic accompaniments played by Miss Mary L. Europe, added to the pleasure of the evening. Miss Walker has sung before and been complimented by Her Majesty, the Queen of Spain; H. R. H., the Duchess of Albany; The Gaekwar of Baroda and Massenet and Saint-Saens, the great modern French composers. &lt;T The Nalle Jubilee Singers, formed "to perpetuate in all their original simplicity and beauty, the old plantation melodies as sung by the Fisk singers," gave a concert at the First Congregational Church, Washington, D. C, on April 27. Mr. Harry A. Williams is the Director and Miss Mary E. Nalle of Washington, D. C , the efficient manager. C Of the lecture-recital given before the "Woman's Book Review Club" of Dorchester, Mass., on April 19th, the Boston Transcript says: "Miss O'Hara, chairman of the music committee, presented Mrs. Maud Cuney-Hare, lecturer and pianist. Mrs. Hare's lecture dealt with the history of 'African and Afro-American Music,' in the illustration of which she was assisted by Mr. William H. Richardson, baritone; her charming personality, her simple manner of speaking, combined with her artistic performance as a pianist both in solo work and as an accompanist, won the admiration of her audience. Mr. Richardson's rendering of 'Steal Away' and 'Pauvre Petite Lolotte,' a Creole love song, was full of pathos and sympathy." C In a contest to represent the State of Massachusetts in the National competition for an appearance at the meeting of the National Federation of Music Clubs, to be held at Los Angeles, CaL, Mr. Roland W. Hayes, Boston, had the honor of being the chosen tenor. The selections were made by such judges as Dr. Karl Muck, conductor of Boston Symphony Orchestra; Arthur Foote, composer; Charles Adams White and Wendell H. Luce. flT 'The Atonement," an 'Oratorio, by Coleridge-Taylor, was presented on March 31, at the Fifteenth Presbyterian Church, Washington, D. C, for the benefit of the N. A. A. C. P. |[ Of the performance of Handel's "Messiah," by the People's Choral Society of Philadelphia, under the directorship of Mr. Alfred Hill, at Music Fund Hall, in March, the Philadelphia (daily) Ledger says: "For sympathetic musical understanding and intrinsic vocal appeal, there are few organizations that offer better in this city." f[ The Elijah Chorus of Boston, Mass., gave Mendelssohn's "Elijah" at its first concert in Jordan Hall on April 13. The Boston Herald says of the concert: "Mr. Harry T. Burleigh of New York, baritone soloist, sang Elijah with splendid feeling and power." C Among important recent publications THE CRISIS of Ricordi &amp; Co., are "Five Songs of Laurence Hope," for solo voice with piano accompaniment, by Harry T. Burleigh. In a prefactory note, Mr. H. E. Krehbiel, music critic of the.. New York Tribune, writes that—"They are artists' songs, in which singer and pianist are paired in a lovely union and engaged in a mission calculated to warm the feelings of those who contemplate it." (I An incident to be deplored is the accidental death by drowning, of Leon Laviaux, the young Creole poet, who was drowned off Martinique on April 7th. Mr. Laviaux was the author of two books—"The Ebon Muse and Other Poems," published in 1908 and Englished by John Myers O'Hara in 1914, and "Poemes En Noir," published in 1914. ([ The Mozart Society, the celebrated organization of Fisk University, Nashville, Tenn., recently rendered the "Elijah" with Harry T. Burleigh and Roland W. Hayes as soloists. ([ The classes in English of Wilberforce University have given two "Evenings with Sir Walter Scott," under the direction of Miss Hallie Q. Brown. ([ Miss Carriebel Cole gave a physical training exhibition in her school in Brunswick, Ga., which was highly commended. ([ Mr. Harry T. Burleigh, Clarence C. White and Mr. Melville Charlton appeared in concert under the auspices of the People's Forum of the A. M. E. Zion Church. York, Pa. ([ Lynden H. Caldwell, of Syracuse University, gave a piano recital at Cleveland. qjej SOCIAL UPLIFT A BILL to prohibit the marriage of •*• white and colored Americans has been defeated in the committee in the Illinois legislature. ([ William Hale Thompson, the newly elected Mayor of Chicago, attributes his nomination and election to the efforts of the colored voters. In this same election Oscar DePriest, a colored man, and formerly county commissioner, was elected to the board of aldermen. He is the first colored man to sit in that body. ftTIn Muskogee. Okla., for the first time Negro and white ministers have met in joint session and appointed joint com mittees for charity work and church work. ([ The "Elimination of Prejudice" will be a subject of discussion at the Bahai congress in San Francisco. ([ A colored man has, for the first time, received a license to operate a moving picture machine in Savannah, Ga. ([ Social dances have been prohibited in the Chicago public schools on account of the segregation of white and colored pupils. ([ At the breaking of ground for the new colored Y. M. C. A. building at Cincinnati, Ohio. Congressman S. D. Fess was the principal speaker. ([ Lieutenant-Governor T- A. Burnquist denounced discrimination against the Negro before a woman's club in St. Paul, Minn. CI The Secretary of War has sent the following letter to the Ninth Cavalry: By direction of the President, I take great pleasure in expressing to the officers and enlisted men of the 9th Cavalry his appreciation of their splendid conduct and efficient service in the enforcement of the United States neutrality laws at Naco, Arizona, during November, December, and January, last. ([ The Grand United Order of Odd Fellows is raising a fund to help the destitute families of their white English brothers who have been killed in the war. ([ The new excursion steamer "Starlight" has made its initial trip for the season at Baltimore on the Captain Brown. ([ The colored retail grocers of southeastern Virginia have formed a trade as" sociation. ([ The Hon. Charles W. Anderson, former Collector of Internal Revenue in New York City, was given a large testimonial dinner at Manhattan Casino. Many prominent persons of both races were present. juej MEETINGS PRESIDENT FALLOWS of the IL linois Emancipation Commission objects to The Crisis' criticism of their preparations. He says that the exposition will be held in the Chicago Coliseum, August 22nd, 1916; that the Na ALONG THE COLOR LINE tional Medical Association, the Elks, the Illinois Federation of Colored Women's Clubs and several other organizations will meet the same time. There will be several congresses including the National Baptist Convention together with tableaus and song festivals. He incidentally informs us that it will be "the greatest exposition of its kind in the world's history." C The State Negro Business League of Alabama has met in Birmingham. ([ The Tri-State Dental Association of the District of Columbia, Maryland and Virginia has held its second annual session at Buckroe Beach, Va. The association is the largest in the United States among colored people. EDS EDUCATION f~\ ONE hundred and thirty colored doc tors were recently graduated from Meharry Medical College. Nashville, Tenn. C The colored people have been complaining of the conditions in the Atlanta public schools. "Our Negro grammar schools are badly crowded. As an illustration we have— In Gray street school, 455 seats for 708 pupils. In Mitchell street school, 514 seats for 847 pupils. In Pittsburg school, 331 seats for 560 pupils. In Roach street school, 442 seats for 748 pupils. In Summer Hill school, 516 seats for 846 pupils. In Houston street school, 693 seats for 794 pupils." As a reply to this the eighth grade has been entirely cut out of the colored public schools! ([ The Governor of Arkansas has closed the Branch Normal School, a colored institution. The students struck because it was charged that the white superintendent insulted one of the colored girls with indecent proposals. C The Arkansas Negro Teachers' Association has issued a school journal— "Arkansas School News" to be published monthly. Its first appearance was in February. C The New Orleans property of the Southern University, a colored institution, recently removed from New Orleans to Baton Rouge, has been bought by the Catholic Church and will be conducted as a Negro school. C The colored teachers' association of Alabama held a three days' session in Birmingham. CIA conference on colored school children in New York City has been held by the Public Education Association. C Ex- President Taft presided at the forty-seventh anniversary of Hampton Institute. C More than 500 colored teachers attended the annual meeting of the Middle Tennessee Colored Teachers' Association. C The New Orleans School Board will hold a summer normal school of colored teachers from June 14th to July 23rd. C Fifteen hundred colored farmers attended the twenty-first annual closing exercises of Snowhill Institute, Ala. C The city school board has refused to appoint colored medical inspectors for the colored schools of Norfolk, Va. C The interscholastic debate between Bluefield, Storer and Christiansburg was won by Christiansburg. The subject was the fortification of the Panama Canal. C Howard University College Dramatic Club has presented Shakespeare's "Merchant of Venice." C Atlanta University and Fisk University have both been defeated by Howard University in debate. The subject was "Resolved that the United States should guarantee immediately independence to the Philippines." C Virginia Union University is planning to celebrate her fiftieth anniversary, or rather the fiftieth anniversary of its two constituent schools, Wayland Seminary and Richmond Institute. C The Kentucky Negro Educational Association has held its thirty-sixth annual meeting in Louisville. Among the speakers were the United States Commissioner of Education, President H. T. Kealing, Dean L. B. Moore and Mrs. Mary B. Talbert. C The Louisiana State Colored Teachers' Association met in Baton Rouge. 62 THE CRISIS THE CHURCH ' I ' THE great annual meeting of the Baptist Sunday School Congress will be held at Birmingham, Ala., June 9th. Thousands of delegates are expected and special trains will be run. Mr. Henry A. Boyd of the National Baptist Publishing House is in general charge. C The African M. E. Church is feeling the stress of war times in its income. During the fiscal year which ended March 31st, 1914, it collected $221,277. The receipts during the last year were $208,000. C The colored Episcopal clergy of South Carolina who asked for a Negro suffragan bishop last year have withdrawn their request which the white bishop had endorsed. The reasons for this withdrawal are not clear. C A white church at Mesick, Wexford County, Mich., has called the Rev. Nathan Pritchard, a colored man, to be its pastor. It has a membership of nearly 100 and belongs to the Free Methodist denomination. m ECONOMICS rv T" THE United States Industrial Com mission has been investigating the wages of Pullman porters. They re ceive $27.50 a month and buy their own uniforms. This means that they must depend largely upon tips for support. Robert T. Lincoln, son of Abraham Lin coln, explained that the company was doing much "to uplift colored men." The commissioners referred to the porters as "coons" and in general the investigation was most informing. ([ The colored Forsyth Savings and Trust Company of Winston-Salem, N. C, has paid in capital of $12,000 and de posits of $40,000. It has done a busi ness of three million dollars since 1907. CO f the total number of 7,317,922 Ne groes 10 years of age and over, enumer ated in 1910, 5,192.535, or 71 per cent, were reported as gainfully employed, the percentages for males and females be ing 87.4 and 54.7 respectively. The cor responding percentages for native whites were 77.9 and 19.2. Of the gainfully employed Negro males, 30.9 per cent— almost one-third—were farm laborers, and 25 per cent were farmers. The other leading occupation groups for Negro males, with the percentage of the total represented by each, were as follows: laborers, building and hand trades, 5.2; laborers, saw and planning mills, 2.9; laborers, steam railroad, 2.7; porters, except in stores, 1.6; draymen, teamsters, and expressmen, 1.6; coal mine operatives, 1.2; laborers, porters, and helpers in stores, 1.2; waiters, 1.1; laborers, road and street building and repairing, 1.1; cooks, 1.0; deliverymen, stores, 1.0; carpenters, 1.0. For females, the leading capacities in which employed, with the percentage represented by each, were as follows: farm laborers, 48.1; laundresses (not in laundry), 17.9; cooks, 10.2; farmers, 3.9; dressmakers and seamstresses (not in factory), 1.9; school-teachers, 1.1. CThe recent census bulletin on the Negro shows five important facts: First. An increasing tendency toward home ownership among the Negroes. Second. A marked increase in the percentage of school attendance. Third. A pronounced decrease in the percentage of illiteracy. Fourth. A decrease in the mortality rate. Fifth. An increase in the proportion of church membership. C The Philadelphia Tribune says: "Philadelphia ought to be a pleasant place in which to live after some 45,000 people have been converted in a short time, and those 45,000 are working for the conversion of others. "The Philadelphia Traction Co., awakening to the fact that colored people help to swell their daily income, decided as a matter of business fairness, to employ a few of them as motormen. The white conductors and motormen say they will 'strike,' if colored men are employed. They fulfill their threat. But some cars are runnng, manned by colored conductors and motormen. "The next step? A mob is formed to prevent the cars from moving. Colored men who attempt to take the cars out from the barns are dragged off and beat en in the most brutal fashion, in spite of the presence of the public. But who are among the leaders of this mob, prov ing that the right to run one's business in his own way may exist as 'a scrap of ALONG THE COLOR LINE paper' in theory, but not in practice? The late converts of the Rev. Mr. Sunday !" PERSONAL VfMR. BOOKER T. WASHINGTON ™ i delivered an address before the Bloomington Normal School in Illinois to a large audience, and several ad dresses in New York City. C Dr. A. P. Camphor is the only colored man among 80 delegates appointed by the Governor of Alabama to the Fourth Annual Convention of the Southern So ciological Conference held at Houston, Texas. ([ Harris Barrett, cashier of Hampton Institute, died recently. He was the founder of the People's Building and Loan Association in which Negroes in vested over $100,000 and bought over 490 homes. C The flag of the Kansas State House was put at half mast on the death of the colored janitor, Tolliver Bird, who had served for thirty years. C Lawrence Johnson, of Portsmouth, Ohio, has been appointed night turn-key at the City Hall. C Mrs. Ann Dickson, mother of Dr. R. H. Boyd, of the National Baptist Publishing Board, died recently at the age of ninety-five. • She was the mother of ten children with hosts of grand children. C Quartermaster Sergeant Isaac Bailey has been retired after thirty years service in the Ninth and Tenth Cavalry. C George W. Blackwell has been appointed assistant prosecuting attorney in the city of Chicago. C Scipio A. Jones was appointed special judge in the Little Rock, Ark., Municipal Court in an assault case. C The American Magazine has in its May number an article on Mrs. Dismukes, the head laundress of Fisk University who gave a thousand dollars toward the music building of that institution. C Mr. G. F. Richings. a white man widely known among colored people as a lecturer on Negro progress, has recently died. C More than one hundred women of Boston and vicinity recently met at Dr. Hale's church to honor Mrs. Charlotte Hawkins Brown, the founder of Palmer Memorial Institute, Sedalia, N. C. Miss Brown has built up a school with 350 acres of land and property valued at $35,000. C Alonzo R. Jones, at one time one of the wealthiest colored men in Florida, recently died in New Haven. He lost much of his property in the Jacksonville fire. In 1892 as major of militia he martialed the colored soldiers and prevented a lynching in Jacksonville. ([ Hannibal Beatty, one of the best known colored men in York County, S. C, is dead. He had been janitor of the courthouse since 1874. C Alonzo J. Bowling, a colored man, formerly a member of the Moving Picture Censor Board of Chicago, has been reinstated by the Civil Service Commission. C Benjamin Allen, son of Dr. J. A. Allen, of Lexington, Ky., won first place over five contestants in the annual oratorical contest at Oberlin College. C Mrs. McKeel, a colored lady of Brooklyn, won the first prize for whole wheat bread in the Housewives' League Contest in New York City. The daughter of President Wilson is one of the Vice-Presidents of this association. C Will Marion Cook, the well known colored musician, is dangerously ill with tuberculosis. C Mrs. Mary Church Terrell is convalescing from an operation recently undergone at the sanitarium of the famous Mayo Brothers of Michigan. C Mrs. Annie Fisher, a colored woman of Columbia, Mo., has made $10,000 from selling beaten biscuit at fifteen cents a dozen. She lives in a fourteen room brick modern residence. C Arthur M. Murray, a Pullman porter, was given a verdict of $14,000 from the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania for injuries received on the Reading Railway. C Roscoe C. Bruce, Assistant Superintendent of schools in the District of Columbia, his secretary and two teachers were painfully injured in an automobile accident recently. C Bishop Alexander Walters has been put upon the administrative committee of the Federal Council of the Churches of Christ in America. THE CRISIS THE GHETTO REV. E. M. MITCHELL and his trustees have been to court for alleged violation of the segregation ordinance of Richmond, Va. This was done in the face of the fact that they are worshipping in their own church and had changed the entrance of the church from Leigh Street to Fifth street which is supposed to be "colored." They were fined $25 each. C The newly appointed postmaster, Weaver, has dismissed all the colored letter carriers in the local post office in Oklahoma City, Okla. C For the first time in the history of the service white and colored soldiers were segregated at. the graduating exercises of the class in equitation held at Fort Leavenworth, Kan. C The latest Baltimore segregation law has at last reached the Court of Appeals. C E. V. Moxley, of California, writes us that Collier's Weekly accepts Negroes on the installment plan of subscription in her city and wonders why it discriminates in Ohio. We do not know. C The Richmond, Va., Planet says: "The number of citizens entitled to vote, if qualified in this city, is 32,335. Of this number 10,382 are colored and 21.953 white. Of the total number only 9,386 had paid their poll-tax and had become qualified to vote up to Saturday, April 17, 1915. The usual vote in this city is only about 8,000 out of a registered vote of over 32,000. As a result, the city of Richmond is being operated by a minority electorate and the politicians are in 'high feather' at the City Hall." C Albert J. Berot and three others are sueing Albert Porte of New Orleans for $50,000 damages because he referred to them as of Negro blood. He claimed that their great-great-grandmother was colored, and they assert that this statement has caused them "mental anguish, humiliation, social ostracism and odium." C A bill, so framed as to put the chiropodists, facial massage operators, etc., of Ohio, entirely at the mercy of a white association which refuses to admit colored operators, has been amended so as to be satisfactory to colored people. C A Disfranchisement Bill is pending in the Florida legislature. C A strong Civil Rights Bill has passed the Lower House of the Pennsylvania legislature. C A white woman of Indianapolis has been shown by the police to have lied in saying that she was attacked by three colored men. m COURTS THE Tennessee courts have upheld a judgment of $500 against the Nashville, Chattanooga and St. Louis Railroad and in favor of John and Emma Cole. The Coles sued the railroads on account of the unchecked profanity and excesses of colored section hands in the Jim Crow cars in which they were compelled to ride. C Miss Emma Wathrous, a white woman, was compelled to ride in a "Jim Crow" car in Oklahoma. She sued for damages and was paid $1,000. C The test case of the colored Richmond church which is accused of violating the segregation ordinance has come up in the police court. C The United States Supreme Court has denied the appeal of John B. Gaskill against the Forest Home Cemetery Company. Gaskill was denied permission to bury members of his family in the lot which he had purchased. CRIME C The following lynchings have taken place since our last record: Albert Wells, Macon, Ga., insult; Joel Green, Pinewood, S. C, robbery; Daughter of Smith Briley, Prescott, Ark., killed by mob; Tom Brooks, Somerville, Tenn., murder; Caesar Sheffield, Valdosta, Ga., theft; Jesse Hatch, Mobile, Ala., assault; Booker Mosby, Chickasaw Co., Miss., no reason given. C Jim Lee, a Negro convict with a ten days' sentence was whipped to death by an overseer in Montgomery, Ala. A strap four inches wide and studded with tacks was used. C At Lafayette, La., a mob tried to lynch the wife and daughter of an accused colored murderer. They were spirited away. MENoftheMONTH A FIRE COMPANY CHEMICAL Engine Company No. 1, of Pittsburgh, Pa., Fire Department, was organized June 11th, 1897, with five colored men and one white captain. A colored captain, L. O. Phillips, was appointed in 1906 and is still at the head of the company. The company has a fine record and has made many thrilling rescues. m AN INSURANCE PROMOTER HEMAN E. PERRY is a type of the A A new Negro business man who is trying to obtain the results in business which have been obtained by white business men by following out the method which they followed. His conception of the Standard Life Insurance Company on a legal reserve basis, with a paid-in capital of $100,000, and with a working surplus in cash, is probably the biggest business idea that any Negro has attempted to follow, during this generation. The remarkable fact is, that his idea has proven successful. Single-handed and almost alone he sold the entire issue of 1000 shares of stock in the company at a price averaging $150.00 per share, and succeeded in establishing the first old line legal reserve life insurance company ever established by colored people. His work was marked by discouragement and hardship. After working for two years on his proposition, he was obliged, under an existing statute of the State of Georgia, to refund to the CHEMICAL ENGINE COMPANY, NO 1, PITTSBURG, PA. THE CRISIS MR. H. E. PERRY subscribers to the stock every dollar they had paid in with four per cent, interest, amounting to nearly $80,000, because he had failed to raise the required $100, 000.00 within the time limit of two years. He immediately undertook the proposition again, and later succeeded in establishing the company. The Standard Life Insurance Com pany is now two years old and has in force insurance amounting to nearly a million and a half dollars, with gross assets of $136,127. It had cash income during 1914 of $69,000, and paid to its policyholders over $8,000 in death claims. Mr. Perry was born in Texas about 40 years ago. Before attempting to organize the Standard Life, of which he is President, he wrote insurance for a number of white companies both in Texas and in Georgia. m A POPULAR SECRETARY JAMES F. BUNDY who died recently •* in Washington, D. C, was born in Rappahannock County, Virginia, September 23rd, 1863. 1He came to Washington when five years of age, was educated in the public schools and at Howard University where he was graduated in 1884. He was married that same year and is survived by a widow and two daughters. While studying law Mr. Bundy worked in the city post office. In 1890 he became secretary and treasurer of the law department and held this position until his death. During this time he served for six years as member of the Board of Education. Much of the success of Howard University Law School is due to Mr. Bundy's devotion and his methodical habits. m A SOCIAL WORKER MISS ISABEL EATON, for the last four years head worker at the Robert Gould Shaw House, Boston, resigned some months ago and under her physician's orders is taking a year's much needed rest. Miss Eaton is a white woman born near Portland, Maine and comes from an old New England family related to the family of Daniel Webster. Her THE LATE J. F. BUNDY MEN OF THE MONTH MISS ISABEL EATON father was associated with General O. O. Howard and lived on Howard University Hill in Washington, D. C. Miss Eaton was graduated from Smith College in 1888 and became Master of Arts at Columbia University in 1898. She worked at Hull House, Chicago and on the East side in New York and was associated with Dr. W. E. B. DuBois in the compiling and writing of the "Philadelphia Negro." In 1903 she became executive secretary"of the Society for Ethical Culture in New York City and held this position for seven years. She was associated in the forming of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People and in the fall of 1910 went to Robert Gould Shaw House. The work here was pioneer work and especially difficult because of the unrighteous attitude of all other Boston settlements toward colored people. Here Miss Eaton worked for four years seeking to solve the problem of adjustment and administration and doing much toward bringing this settlement to its present successful condition. THE LATE F. J. MOULTRIE . Miss Eaton hopes with the restoration of her health to be able to give many years to the work of social uplift and education among Negro Americans. A CATERER FRANCIS J. MOULTRIE who died at Yonkers, New York, in March, was born in Charleston, S. C , August 22nd, 1842. He came to Yonkers in 1869, arriving with fifty cents in his pocket. He worked for several years as butler and porter and finally in 1878 opened a restaurant and catering business. For almost thirty-seven years he has numbered among his patrons the most representative families of Yonkers and vicinity. He took active interest in the city life and served for a number of years on the Republican Central Committee. He was one of the founders of the local A. M. E. Zion church and organized a Men's Sunday Club, the Colored Co-operative Company and other organizations for uplift. The Yonkers Daily News says that 68 THE CRISIS THE LATE SERGT. F. A. ROBINSON Mr. Moultrie was "perhaps better known to more people than any other man in the city." M A POLICE SERGEANT WHEN the late Sergeant of Police, * * Frederick Arthur Robinson, was buried at Cambridge, Mass., his funeral was attended by the Mayor of the City, Police Commissioner, the heads of the police department, a state senator and many other distinguished persons. Mr. Robinson was born in Nova Scotia and came to Cambridge when a young man. He was appointed to the police force by Mayor Fox and promoted to sergeant in 1894. After thirty years service on the force he was retired last October because of poor health. M AN INSURANCE AGENT MR. W. H. KING was for eleven ^ years one of the best carriers in the Atlanta, Georgia, Post Office. With a natural aptitude for business, he had gone into the Government service, MR. W. H. KING as do so many other young men, as offering the quickest and most certain support for his family. When the Standard Life Insurance Company was in process of organization, Mr. King became interested in life insurance from frequent talks with Mr. Heman E. Perry, who was making efforts to get the company on foot. Walking into President Perry's office one day in April, 1914, he announced his intention to resign from the Post Office and give his whole time to writing insurance. It was so unusual a statement that the officers were surprised. A short talk was sufficient to convince them that he was in earnest and that he knew the responsibility that he was assuming in giving up an assured salary of $1,200 a year to work on commission in a new field of endeavor hitherto untried by the race. He has justified his faith in himself and demonstrated his worth to the company. In eight and a half months he wrote nearly two hundred thousand dollars worth of insurance, leading the entire agency force and earned a sum double bis previous salary in the Post Office. Opinions " THE BIRTH OF "A NATION " some strong It is undoubtedly true that words the agitation carried on by our organization and by other organizations and individuals have helped to advertise Dixon's wretched film play. At the same time it is also true that to an unusual extent the friends of the Negro race and of fair play in general have been rallied to the side of justice, and this is no easy thing to accomplish. Even the New York Outlook which loses few opportunities to get on the inhuman side of most prob lems says: "The difficulty which Mr. Dixon as a purveyor of history is that he is not a historian. A historian not only presents true incidents from the past, but, if he is fair-minded and impartial, takes care that the incidents are representative and typical. Many of the most effective and most misleading scenes in 'The Birth of a Nation' doubtless occurred some time, somewhere, in the South. Chosen as the whole picture of the Reconstruction period, however, they are unfair and vicious. Mr. Dixon has 'a single-trackmind,' and the track leads only through a very unpleasant country. He is a partisan, and a dangerous one. He can see questions only in broad splotches of black and white. He knows but one side of Southern life, the sex problem of 'Aryan and African.' "As Mr. Dixon rightly believes and dramatically shows, the American Nation was born from the travail of civil war and the injustice of the Reconstruction period, and therefore, his photo drama threatens no reopening of the wounds of the white North and the white South. The evil in 'The Birth of a Nation' lies in the fact that the play is both a denial of the power of development within the free Negro and an exaltation of race war." The film has been defended on the ground that while it may portray unpleasant things it is historically true. That even this defense is unwarranted has been shown in a number of cases. The Hon. Albert E. Pillsbury, of Boston, says in the Boston Herald: . "The play, like the book, 'The Clansman,' on which it is founded, is a gross perversion of a period of our history about which the people have been persistently lied to for a generation. Even the most eminent historians suppress the truth about it, in the interest, I suppose, of national harmony. I mean the reconstruction period ; the leading purpose of the book, "and presumably of the play, being to instill the belief that the reconstruction acts of Congress were not only foolish but wicked, as inspired by malice or revenge or a determination to perpetuate the power of the Republican party by humiliating the white people of the South. "There is not, and never was, a shadow of truth in this pretence. On the contrary, the southern whites brought upon themselves the misfortunes of the reconstruction era as unmistakably as they brought upon themselves the calamities of the war on .which reconstruction followed. No sooner were they reinvested with political power than they made their first use of it to nullify emancipation and restore the Negro to virtual slavery. The proofs of this are in the statute books of the southern states, they are familiar to all who have even tried to learn the truth, and they are innumerable. This it was, and this alone, that compelled Congress, in order to secure to the Negro even his personal liberty, to interfere with President Johnson's reconstructed state governments; and all the grievances of reconstruction followed upon this single circumstance, for which the white South was as directly responsible as it was for the rebellion." The New York Evening Globe continues : "To present the members of the race as women chasers and foul fiends is a THE CRISIS cruel distortion of history. Bad things occurred, but what man will say that the outrages of black on white equalled in number the outrages of white on black ? Which race even to the present day has the better right to complain of the unfairness and brutality of the other? "The very name of 'The Birth of a Nation' is an insult to Washington, who believed that a. nation, not merely a congeries of independent states, was born during the common struggles of the Revolutionary War, and devoted himself to cementing the union. It is an insult to Lincoln and the great motives inspiring him when he was called on to resist the attempt to denationalize a nation. This nation of ours was not born between 1861 and 1865, and no one will profit from trying to pervert history. "White men in this country have never been just to black men." Ex-Congressman Samuel W. McCall says in the Boston Advertiser: "As to the Ku-Klux-Klan, if one is ignorant of its criminal character and of its murders, burnings and other detestable crimes, let him read the reports of the trials in the U. S. Circuit Court at Columbia, at the November term of 1871. It is a gross offense against the idea of government by law that the order responsible for them should be glorified or represented to-day in any part of the country in any favorable light." Albert Bushnell Hart, of Harvard University, perhaps the foremost living teacher of history declares in the Boston Journal: "A prime objection to the whole thing is its caricature of the Union army and Union soldiers; and particularly its absolutely unfounded series of pictures intended to leave upon the mind the conviction that in Reconstruction times Negro soldiers freely plundered and abused the white people of the South, and were encouraged so to do by their white officers. "No such thing ever occurred in the whole history of Reconstruction." The Boston Traveler quotes from the records of the official investigation of the Ku-Klux-Klan and says: "Every witness of 'The Birth of a Nation,' no matter how well he may know the historical falsity of its action, throbs with sympathy for the men who defied an armed and enraged Negro militia, for the protection of the women of the Southland. Yet the hired attorneys defending the men of the Ku-Klux-Klan in court in 1871 pleaded, 'In making these remarks, it is simply to express the desire that a wise and merciful discrimination should be made in favor of those who have been led, seduced or forced into an organization guilty' of such inhuman atrocities.' "In another case the Hon. Reverdy Johnson, attorney for the Klansmen, said: T have listened with unmixed horror to some of the testimony which has been brought before you. The outrages proved are shocking to humanity; they admit of neither excuse nor justification: they violate every obligation which, law and nature impose on men ; they show that the parties engaged were brutes.' "The purpose of the organization is revealed in the testimony of members of the Ku Klux Klan. One Klansman told the court, 'It was for the purpose of putting down radical rule and Negro suffrage.' Another swore that 'They were going to carry this into effect by killing off the white radicals and whipping and intimidating the Negroes, so as to keep them from voting for any man who held radical office.' "A member of Wesley Smith's Klan testified that the head of the organization had said, T can kill and whip more damned niggers with my Klan than all the rest of York county.' Another said the chief activity of his Klan was 'whipping those men who belonged to the Union League.' This witness told of a raid organized against a man because he 'taught a nigger school and voted the radical ticket.' "Not in all the 832 pages of testimony and argument in these York county cases is any crime against a white woman mentioned. Quite in passing, and as though it were the commonest thing in the world, witnesses speak of the murder or mistreatment of Negro women and girls by members of the Klan. These crimes, the records indicate, were not prompted by the low desires that are mirrored on the animal face of the Negro 'Gus' in 'The Birth of a Nation.' OPINIONS They were committed as a punishment on husbands and fathers who had .voted the wrong ticket. "This is the sworn testimony of a colored woman who had refused to tell a party of raiding Klansmen where her husband could be found: 'Well they were spitting in my face and throwing dirt in my eyes, and when they made me blind they bursted open my cupboard; I had five pies in my cupboard, and they ate all my pies up, and then took two pieces of meat; then they made me blow up the light again, cursing me; and after a while they took me out of doors and told me all they wanted was my old man to join the Democratic ticket; if he joined the Democratic ticket they would have no more to do with him; and after they had got me out of doors, they dragged me into the big road and they ravished me out there." To this testimony as to facts we may-add strong opinions of distinguished men. The Rev. Dr. Crothers says, "it is not a work of art for art's sake to be so enjoyed; it is not history as an impartial historian understands history; it is a deliberate and skillful bit of treachery." Jacques Loeb calls the play an "insult" and a "glorification of homicidal mania." Joseph Lee writes in the Survey: "Is lynching Negroes immoral? That seems to be the question raised by the approval of the Ku-Klux and anti-Negro features of the Birth of a Nation film. Appealing to the strongest race prejudice in the most vivid possible way at the precise point where it has led to wholesale murder in the South is, of course, an incitement to continued murder. One only possible point of doubt is whether murder is wrong. Or no— that is not the only point. Safe, coldblooded incitement to murder is a meaner and more cowardly offense." LYNCHING southern Every once in a while the protests South speaks out against shame of lynch murder. Bishop Gailor, of Tennessee, writes to a Memphis paper: "One of our Memphis evening papers had the following account yesterday of the lynching of a Negro man, who was being taken for trial from Memphis to Somerville: '"Hundreds of kodaks clicked all morning at the scene of the lynching. People in automobiles and carriages came from miles around to view the corpse dangling from the end of a rope under the Nashville, Chattanoogaand St. Louis Railway bridge. Picture card photographers installed a portable printing plant at the bridge and reaped a harvest in selling postcards showing a photograph of the lynched Negro. " 'Women and children were there by the score. At a number of country schools the day's routine was delayed until boy and girl pupils could get back from viewing the lynched man. " 'Brooks was hanged from the tresslework of the railroad bridge. His body dangled over the public highway, and was suspended low enough for travelers along the road to-day to reach up and spin the corpse around.' "What do the Christian people of Shelby and Fayette counties think of this for an advertisement of our civilization? Where is the respect for law, the refinement of feeling, the decent humanity, which differentiates us from brutes and savages? According to the newspaper report two white men, disregarding the forms and processes of law, undertook to inflict punishment upon a Negro man —taking the law into their own hands, and when the Negro defended himself, without appeal to law and the white men suffered for their daring, the Negro is put to death without the form of law; and, according to the report, 'women and children by the score' crowded to look at the 'dangling corpse'—dangling 'so low, that travelers could reach up and spin it around!' What age is this in which we are living? Is it possible that 200,000 respectable, law-abiding, kind-hearted— not to say Christian—men and women in this end of the state are going to sit still and let their institutions of government (which are the safeguards of their liberty) be wantomly insulted and outraged, and their own good name dishonored over the country without making any protest? God forbid." The Columbia State in an editorial writes: "In a Southwest Georgia county the 72 THE other day a Negro was taken from jail and lynched. He had robbed a smokehouse. ; "Each of these lynchers is not less deserving of death than is Leo Frank, the convicted Atlanta murderer. "The Supreme Court of the United States has decided that Frank was .not the victim of unjust treatment by the Georgia courts. The highest court in the land now stands between the Georgia courts and the efforts of a number of newspapers to mob them, so to say, with abuse. {_ \ "The Supreme Court of the United States has declined to permit the group of New York newspapers to usurp the province of the Atlanta jury. The vindication of Georgia justice is in this case complete. "But if the commonwealth of Georgia is incapable of punishing a gang of men who take from jail a defenseless prisoner who stole a side of bacon or a ham and murdered him, what, after all, is Georgia justice worth?" And yet these things as Hashimura Togo's friend says in Life are not atrocities : "An atrocity are something committed in Belgium. " I must learn new dictionaries!' This from me with iron eyebrows. " 'Sippose again. When troop of Death Head Dragoonies drag Belgium family, including lady-peasant and child, from bed and hang some to telegraph because of racial peev, that are called Atrocity, are not?' " 'Undoubtlesslv it are,' Nogi say it. " 'But when company of Midnight Riders go marching through Georgia and elevate niggero family by similar rope, what you call it then ?' " 'That are christened Social Unrest?' Nogi define, 'or perhapsly it are not mentioned at all because newspapers is clogged by too much excitement from Russian attack on Lake Bjwrrkll.' " m NEGRO COLLEGES A de- George Johnson, Dean of Linfense coln University, takes up in the New York Nation cudgels of defense of the Negro colleges. He quotes the General Education Board as CRISIS protesting against the traditional Negro curriculum and advocating curricula adapted to the '.'needs, environment and capacity" of the Negro student. Mr. Johnson then says: "The initial statement of the General Education Board calls for no comment because, in the first place, the 'traditional college curriculum' is obsolete; in the second place, to say that 'the mere at tempt to deliver it does not constitute a higher education' is so obvious that it hardly requires affirmation; and, in the third place, no Negro college in the country is even attempting it. Excep tion, however, may be taken to the sec ond statement because, if it means what it seems to mean, it is a virtual recom mendation that the usual college curri culum should be modified to meet the current estimate of the needs, environ ment, and capacity of the Negro. "For obvious reasons the great major ity of the Negroes who desire a higher education must be prepared in Negro high schools and educated to graduation in Negro colleges and professional schools. The definition of standards has made great progress in the United States during recent years owing to the work of such bodies as the Carnegie Founda tion for the Advancemnt of Teaching, the American Medical Association, the Association of American Universities, etc. Reasonably accurate definitions of what constitutes a standard high school, col lege, university, and professional school have been arrived at; and, furthermore, these standards have been legalized in most of the States. Hence, unless a man has pursued such a standard course he cannot practice either as physician, dentist, or lawyer, and in education he will be denied certificates except for the most elementary work. Double stand ards of professional efficiency are im possible in a country like ours, and thus, if the recommendation of the General Education Board is adopted, it means the closing of the door of opportunity to all but the favored few among Negro youth. "This also puts the Negro college in a critical position. It it deviates from the standard college in subjects taught and time given and preparation required, it is ipso facto excluded from the bene OPINIONS fits of the Carnegie Foundation for the Advancement of Teaching; the General Education Board and the other benevolent foundations can only help it by breaking their own rules; the educational departments of the various States must at once withhold from it and its degrees all legal recognition. "Surely, in view of past and present services, the institutions that are attempting the difficult task of maintaining adequate higher and professional education for Negro youth deserve better treatment. The 5000 Negro college men and women are doing more than their proportionate share in social work. Indeed, how great would be the loss if the college man should cease to find a place in the present faculties of the industrial schools? When the Atlanta Constitution a few months ago lamented that so much money was being used in teaching the Negro 'useless things' and so little in preparing him vocationally, that was a mistake in fact easily corrected by consulting the last report of the United States Commissioner of Education. When President W. H. P. Faunce says in his book 'The Social Aspects of Foreign Missions' that 'the Negro race in America was, for the first decades after the Civil War, largely misled by its ambition to get free from manual labor and acquire Latin, Greek and mathematics,' he is merely repeating a myth which has been disproved many times. These are excusable mistakes. That one of the great benevolent agencies of the country should depreciate the work of the Negro colleges and advocate a course which would virtually eliminate them as recognizable factors from our educational system is not so easily explained. I regret that the Nation should see fit to agree heartily with such a proposal." jjjEj SEGREGATION poe and The second and most danger-others ous member of the Dixon anti" Negro firm is Clarence Poe of North Carolina. Poe has recently been speaking at the University of Virginia and boasting of the spread of his rural segregation idea. The Columbia State replies: "Sometimes an ignorant Negro is en ergetic and thrifty. Sometimes in spite of handicaps he ceases to be ignorant. The Negro of that description, living at half the cost of his white neighbor of the same industrial condition, can acquire land in, say half the time that the white man can. So long as land is low-priced (and there are and will be for years vast areas of such land), the exceptional Negro will emerge from the tenant into the land-owning class and it must be recognized that the exceptionally thrifty and industrious Negro will outstrip the thriftless and indolent white man. "But does Mr. Poe imagine that legislatures can repeal economic laws ? Why palter with questions of this nature? Soon or late, the man, white, black or yellow, who establishes himself industrially will have to be reckoned with." The Elizabeth City, N. C. Independent (white) replies: "Dr. Poe thinks that to effectively block this increase of Negro landowners we should have laws restricting the sale of property in the white neighborhoods to white people only. While we have got the nigger even half-way down, for God's sake let's keep him down! Give the black half a chance and he will own his land where the white man will continue to rent. We can't keep the Negro from saving his money and getting a foothold on the land, so lets stop selling him good land. So argues Dr. Poe and I for one have no sympathy with his propaganda, though all the Farmers' Unions in 48 states are backing him. "If the Negro's standard of living is low, so much lower than that of the white man, then who made it low? "If the standard of living of the white tenant class in the South is higher than it should be, then who made it so high? "When the foregoing questions have been answered we can discuss Dr. Poe's segregation scheme somewhat intelligently. Without an answer to these questions we can not discuss the scheme intelligently or begin to deal honorably with it. The answer to both questions is found in the land-owning aristocracy of the South. This land-owning aristocracy has forced the lowest possible standard of living upon the Negro and attempted to keep him in subjection by 74 THE starvation wages. On the other hand it has ever encouraged the white tenant class in the South to live beyond its means that it might hold this white tenant class in subjection by keeping it overloaded with debts. This land-owning class is as much the enemy of the poor white as it is the enemy of the black. But in endeavoring to keep the black down by low wages, it thoughtlessly kept him down to a low standard of living by teaching him to subsist upon the scraps from the white man's table. The Negro has lived upon scraps and saved his money while the white tenant has gone to his landlord's store and run himself into debt and bad health by paying exorbitant prices for adulterated food-stuffs. "Again, in the cities the white propertied class has in its zeal to line its own pockets with dirty cash, thoughtlessly given the Negro a lift, in its methods of exploiting the poor white tenant class. The cotton mill owners send their agents into the farming countries everywhere to lure the poor white tenant farmer and his brood of children into town. The result is a continual depopulation of rural communities. Every white tenant farmer who has a number of bright and active children old enough to stand at a machine, is the prey of the cotton mill owners. And here we have the poor white sending his children into the mills to become physical, mental and moral perverts, while the Negro who has been taught to subsist upon a crust contents himself with his crust and sends his children to school. "The trouble with the Southland is not that the Negro is making too much progress, but is that the poor whites are making too little progress. The trouble is not that the Negro is rising in wealth and power, but that the poor whites are kept backward in culture and oppressed on every hand by the wealthy classes exploiting them. Refusing to sell a hard working Negro your land is not going to help the situation a bit. No country can succeed by keeping any part of its population clown. Permanent success built upon a foundation of righteousness can only come through a patient and intelligent exercise of that virtue as yet so little understood— JUSTICE!" It is astonishing to find a bourbon CRISIS sheet like the Charleston News and Courier recognizing some evident facts as to segregation. It says : "It is all very well in Charleston to urge the colored people to get rid of all the trash and dirt about their premises. Last year they joined splendidly in the cleaning up campaign. But the Negro does not make his surroundings. They are fixed for him in the majority of cases; and they will continue to be squalid and unsanitary just as long as the white people allow them to remain so. Here and there a colored man may succeed in buying his own place; but these are and must remain the exceptions as matters now stand. The wages of the colored people are fixed on the basis of what the average colored man or woman can afford to work for; and these wages are not such as to permit the average Negro to get very much ahead, unless he were possessed of far more thrift than he has displayed or is generally believed to possess. If the shacks in Charleston were made unremunerative and in consequence disappeared the rentals of property occupied by Negroes would necessarily rise. This would mean that the cook and the washerwoman would have to be given more pay in order to make ends meet. But at the same time the servants would live under far better surroundings, they would be less exposed to disease, less likely to contract disease themselves and to convey it to those for whom they work. They would be healthier, more energetic and alert." Mirabile dictu! And this from the News and Courier! In Chicago we have an extraordinary case concerning which most of the American papers were silent or apologetical but the German Freie Presse says (the translation is ours) "Here in Chicago a Negro is employed as post office clerk, a proof that he is intelligent, moral and honorable. Also a colored woman is employed as teacher, a proof that she is educated and of good character and is filling the most important calling in the gift of a nation. Both of -these people are consequently useful members of society, more useful than many thousands who are born to the world without a dark skin. The colored official and the colored teacher got mar OPINIONS ried and lived happily and contentedly. Moreover, having saved a sum of money they invested it in a small home. On Saturday they attempted to move in but they had left out of account their cultured, more moral and educated white neighbors. These had taken it into their heads not to allow any colored people to live in their neighborhood even if the colored folk were educated, blameless people and holding decent places in society. The colored people were, therefore, refused entrance into their own house and the whites called in the police to keep them out. * * * We confess that most Americans including Mr. Wilson and Mr. Bryan who are regarding the Germans as barbarians on account of their violation of Belgium's neutrality will have nothing to say against this brutal piece of injustice and indeed will regard it as something to be taken for granted." ^ THE DISCOVERY OF THE NEGRO some Now and then the South southern discovers Negroes who are testimony not criminals. The Jackson (Tenn.), Sun is "happy in the belief that the Negroes of Jackson are the peers of any in the South in intelligence, honesty and civic pride; that, as a whole, they are public spirited, industrious, honest and deserving; that, with few exceptions, they entertain high ideals of citizenship and morals and that most of them will do as much, their ability and opportunity considered, for the welfare of Jackson as the average white citizen." What the Columbia (S. C.) Record "Has been pleased to observe is the fact that the Negroes have been taking so much interest in civic beterment. The doctors and preachers in Columbia are putting forth every effort to get the Negroes to keep their homes in good, sanitary condition." The Tampa (Fla.), Times: "The Times publishes today a most interesting bulletin of the United States census bureau, which details the remarkable and pleasing progress made during the past ten years by the Negroes of this country, which progress is undoubtedly appreciated to an even greater degree by southern people than by those of other sections. The peqple of the south have always had the interests of the descendants of their old slaves at heart, and have been showing this interest with increasing emphasis since that section began recovering from the ravages of the Civil war and became financially able to display greater activity in educational work." The New Orleans Daily States speaks of the welcome which Mr. Booker T. Washington received in Louisiana and says: "It was hardly to be expected that any other response would be forthcoming. Nowhere in the South is there less racial prejudice than in Louisiana. Nowhere is there better spirit between whites and blacks. Nowhere is there heartier sympathy with the colored population in its effort to better its material condition." This we confess would sound a bit more like the truth if it was not for the editorial in the same paper concerning the utter failure of the investigation in the brutal lynching and burning a few months ago. "The failure of the Caddo grand jury-to return any indictments in connection with the recent lynchings near Shreveport, will be generally disappointing. It seems a miscarriage of justice when in the course of a few days five persons can be put to death unnecessarily in broad day light and an inquisition fail to hold anyone responsible for so great an outrage." "Unnecessarily" is exquisite! THE GREAT WAR two "It is assumed that the dark articles skinned people, who are now classed along with the Slavs as inferior peoples, will infallibly imitate the example of the superior races; that they will plot and plan and secretly contrive means for overcoming those who stand above them, meanwhile interpreting every action of their rivals in the worst possible light and unconsciously employing every possible means to incite fear and hate, so that at last, when their hour finally strikes, the lesser peoples will be ready and willing to rise up and throw off the protection which the 76 THE stronger races have imposed upon them. In that case the fear and hate which they have cherished secretly in their hearts will give them courage to be as ruthless in their rebellion as the superior races are likely to be in suppressing it. And they will do this in order to convince themselves and the rest of the world that they are really not inferiors, but the equals, if not the superiors, of the white races. "Such seems to be the programme which it is generally presumed that those who are now regarded as inferior races —though of course they do not regard themselves so—will pursue with regard to the superior races, the races in control. This is, I have no doubt, an attractive programme to some persons, particularly agitators, and as there seems to be even more agitators among white people than among colored, I have no doubt there are many white people to whom this seems a perfectly proper and natural method of procedure. For one thing, the very general belief that it is the natural course to take under the conditions in which the white and the dark races now live, is the excuse for the harsh measures that it seems necessary to use now and then to keep the lesser peoples in their lesser places. "There is, however, for races and nations, as well as for individuals, more than one way to be superior. One race may, for example, be superior to the other-by the simple process of getting on top and holding the other down. It may, however, become superior by learning to do some one thing better than any one else in the world. And this may be a very simple thing; it may be raising cat-ton or it may be writing a book. "There is only room for one race, one group, and finally one individual to be superior, if superioritv consists in holding a place on top with every one else somewhere between that place and the bottom. On the other hand, there is opportunity for almost every one to be superior if superiority consists in performing some kind of useful service in an exceptional manner. Almost every race and almost every individual possesses some gifts that make it or him exceptional. There is almost certain to be some directions in which an individual CRISIS or a race may be of greater service than in others. To seek and find that place is to be successful. To fill that place in an exceptional way is to be superior. "Superiority in the future will depend more upon excellence in some service for the common good and less upon suc cess on the field of battle. I look for ward to a time when no individual and no race will be considered superior to another merely because, being on top, he or it is able to hold that other race or the other individual down."—B. T. Washington in the North American Review. Dr. W. E. B. DuBois writing in the Atlantic Monthly on "The African Roots of War" says: "The present world war is, then, the result of jealousies engendered by the recent rise of armed national associa tions of labor and capital whose aim is the exploitation of the wealth of the world mainly outside the European circle of nations. These associations, grown jealous and suspicious at the division of the spoils of trade-empire, are fighting to enlarge their respective shares; they look for expansion, not in Europe but in Asia, and particularly in Africa. 'We want no inch of French territory,' said Germany to England, but Germany was 'unable to give' similar assurances as to France in Africa. "The difficulties of this imperial movement are internal as well as external. Successful aggression in economic expansion calls for a close union between capital and labor at home. Now the rising demands of the white laborer, not simply for wages but for conditions of work and a voice in the conduct of industry, make industrial peace difficult. The workingmen have been appeased by all sorts of essays in state socialism, on the one hand, and on the other hand by public threats of competition by colored labor. By threatening to send English capital to China and Mexico, by threatening to hire Negro laborers in America, as well as by old-age pensions and accident insurance, we gain industrial peace at home at the mightier cost of war abroad. "In addition to those national war- engendering jealousies there is a more subtle movement arising from the at OPINIONS tempt to unite labor and capital in worldwide freebooting. Democracy in economic organization, while an acknowledged ideal, is today working itself out by admitting to a share in the spoils of capital only the aristocracy of labor—the more intelligent and shrewder and cannier workingmen. The ignorant, unskilled, and restless still form a large, threatening, and, to a growing extent, revolutionary group in advanced countries. "The resultant jealousies and Bitter hatreds tend continually to fester along the color line. We must tight the Chinese, the laborer argues, or the Chinese will take our bread and butter. W e must keep Negroes in their places, or Negroes will take our jobs. All over the world there leaps to articulate speech and ready action that singular assumption that if white men do not throttle colored men, then China, India, and Africa will do to Europe what Europe has done and seeks to do to them. "On the other hand, in the minds of yellow, brown, and black men the brutal truth is clearing: a white man is privileged to go to any land where advantage beckons and behave as he pleases; the black or colored man is being more and more confined to those parts of the world where life for climatic, historical, economic, and political reasons is most difficult to live and most easily dominated by Europe for Europe's gain." Commenting on this article the Evening Telegram (Phil.), calls it "the most stimulating contribution to recent literature on world politics." The Boston Herald agrees that after this war: "There will be no lasting or satisfactory peace unless measures are also taken to safeguard the rights of races." And the Washington (Pa.), Observer, says: "One of the most notable essays upon the underlying causes of the present world war is that of W. E. Burghardt DuBois, editor of The Crisis, a magazine devoted to the interests of the colored race of America, in the current Atlantic Monthly. Perhaps it is not going too far to describe it as the most profound of all the controversial articles on the subject which has yet appeared for it is characterized by a broadness of view and a wideness of scope truly remarkable, and it deals with the race problems involved in the question from an entirely new angle. It looks at the question partly from the Socialistic, partly from the imperialistic and partly from the commercial standpoint, subordinating none of these to the race question-which the writer frankly and avowedly has uppermost in his mind." !Si MISCELLANEOUS "Some time ago a Negro man sued a white man in Granville county for alienating the affections of his wife and the jury gave the Negro a verdict for $8,000. Don't get excited. A similar case is pending in this county right now, but it is understood to be in a fair way to be compromised and the names have not been divulged, though the complaint is on file in the clerk's office."—Greensboro, N. C, Record. "Despite the fact that he has been invited and urged to attend a Y. M._ C. A. conference of employes of the organization, Theodore Pettyjohn, physical director of the colored branch, was asked into the kitchen when the call for dinner sounded. Following his guide from the main dining room prepared for the other conferees back to the kitchen, Mr. Pettyjohn politely informed the lady that he would not eat. He turned his back on the victuals prepared for him and walked out. He then looked up the gentleman who had insisted on his being at the conference and told him a few things. "The gentleman tried to defend himself by telling Pettyjohn that he ought to want to eat with his own people, and that Booker T. Washington ate in kitchens. Mr. Pettyjohn, seeing that the 'Christian' could not understand the principle of the matter, left the conference, and walked five miles on an empty stomach. When he reached the city limits he boarded a car. At this conference all present sat in the same room, read the same Bible, declared that Christ and his teachings were the salvation of all men; yet when the dinner bell rang Christ and his teachings were forgotten." —• Louisville Correspondence Cleveland Gazette. Editorial AN OPEN LETTER O the People of the United States: This is an appeal not for any privilege, indulgence or preference of any kind, but for simple justice. For many years the people of the Southern States have claimed that they understand better than any one else what they call the "Negro problem,'' and have insisted that they must be allowed to deal with the colored people in their communities as they think best. The same claim was made during the days of slavery, and the rest of the country, largely from indolence and the wish for a quiet life, weakly yielded and closed its eyes and ears to the horrors of slavery. To save themselves trouble the people of the United States allowed this iniquity to live and grow powerful, until four years of civil war brought upon them many times the trouble which they had tried to avoid during the years which preceded it. Determined to root out for all time the injustice which had been punished by such a terrible penalty and after "every drop of blood drawn by the lash" had been "paid by another drawn by the sword," the people of the United States, so far as the Constitution could do it, secured to every citizen of the country his equal rights before the law. For the first time since the Declaration of Independence was published its "self-evident truths" were recognized in practice, and a new day seemed to have dawned on this republic. Unwarned by the experience of our fathers we are now repeating their folly. We acquiesce while the colored people of this country, entitled equally with ourselves to every legal right, are oppressed, insulted and degraded. Instead of opening wide the door of opportunity and offering them encouragement and help in their attempt to climb from slavery to independent manhood, instead of trying to make them a body of useful, intelligent citizens, we ignore our responsibility for their condition and put every obstacle in their way, permitting men whose views are warped by the traditions and prejudices of slavery to dictate our policy. What are the consequences? If our colored fellow-citizens wish to cast their votes they are met by every legal and illegal obstacle, and in large sections of the country the colored vote is suppressed. Not only can they not vote for what they want, but their white neighbors cast the votes of the colored men for what the colored men do not want. As they count in the basis of representation and yet are denied the ballot, they are not only not represented but they are misrepresented, and the power of those who would perpetuate injustice is doubled. The Southern leaders say that the Negroes are ignorant and degraded, but they will not give them the education that they need. It is notorious that the schools provided for the colored children EDITORIAL are far worse than those enjoyed by the Whites in large sections of the country, and it is also true that the path of those who would teach them is beset with difficulties and often serious dangers. In Florida no white man is allowed to teach in a colored school, and the supply of competent teachers is therefore largely reduced. The spokesmen of the South openly avow their purpose to keep their colored neighbors ignorant and fitted only for employment as laborers. If Negroes would acquire property and make themselves useful citizens, they find in one place an agitation to prevent their buying farms, in others violent attempts by nightriders and like ruffians to drive them from the farms which they have bought, and to prevent their laboring in the fields. Segregation ordinances are proposed in many cities to restrict their places of residence, and this movement derives support from the action of the Federal Government which undertakes in the public offices, the property of us all, to separate white from colored in the service of the United States, deliberately changing conditions which have continued without objection for fifty years. If Negroes are suspected of crime their lives may be taken by mob violence without trial, and the men who murder them, nay more, torture them with barbaric cruelty, whether in Springfield, Illinois, in Coatesville, Pennsylvania,, or in countless southern towns and villages, go absolutely unpunished though perfectly well known, while their action is approved by the communities where these cruelties are committed. If colored men or women acquire an education, positions are denied them because they are colored. Banks and offices will not receive them. If they would travel, hotels and restaurants are closed to them, and public corporations offer them grossly unfit accommodations. Laws are proposed to control their marriage with white persons though intercourse between the races has always prevailed, and the result of such laws must be to put colored women at the mercy of white men, and to deprive them of the very slight protection which the law now gives them, while a generation of innocent children is degraded and stigmatized. Many labor unions will not admit them, nor let them work as non-union men. In Miami, Florida, a Negro chauffeur who presumes to drive his master's car from Palm Beach is nearly killed by a mob of white chauffeurs. The theatres admit plays grossly misrepresenting colored folk and appealing to race prejudice and passion. Public parks and places of amusement are largely closed to them. In Northern schools and colleges they are often unwelcome. At every turn and in every attempt to rise they are met by this wicked prejudice. The man in whose veins flows only a trace of Negro blood, who inherits from his white ancestors their ambitions and their tastes, is treated as if he were hopelessly degraded, and all over the country the attempt is made to hold them down as an inferior class, denied those equal rights and equal opportunities which are the birthright of every American citizen. This state of things is absolutely intolerable and it cannot continue without bringing upon this country the most serious calamities. No community can treat any considerable body of citizens unjustly without suffering the consequences. The attempt of the French Government to hold Dreyfus in undeserved imprisonment nearly overthrew the republic. The problem before this country is not a Negro problem only but far more a white man's problem. W e all suffer, white and colored alike, and as there are more white, so they suffer more while THE CRISIS the present conditions continue. It is time for all who believe in justice and humanity to organize and to resist race prejudice wherever it lifts its head. We appeal to the people of the South who profess to be civilized and Christian, and ask how long they will allow their fair name to be blackened and degraded by unpunished lynching, and the attempt to keep the Negroes down. While it continues the Southern states cannot rank among civilized communities. Are they content to hold this position? We appeal to the Christian church and ask where in the teachings of its Founder it finds any warrant for treating human beings with cruelty and injustice. We appeal to the lawyers whose mission it is to enforce the law and secure to everyone his just rights, and ask them if they are content to see lynch law take the place of proper judicial procedure. We appeal to the judges who hold the scales of justice, and urge them to keep the balance true between men, no matter what their race or color. We appeal to the colleges and schools whose teachers so largely control the future of this country not to deny education to any one who seeks it. W e appeal to every warm-hearted, high-minded man or woman in this country, and urge them to organize a new anti-slavery movement. W e beg them by voice, vote and example to rouse their neighbors and to make our public men feel that their political careers are not to be advanced by yielding to the advocates of discrimination. W e must organize our political, our religious, our educational, nay all our forces to the end that our country may be relieved from the influence of all who believe that they help themselves up by keeping others down. Our motto is "All men up" and that spirit must conquer, or terrible dis aster awaits the country which we all love. Moorfield Storey. m AN AMAZING ISLAND JAMAICA is a most amaz ing island. I have seen something of the earth, more especially Europe and America which leave, to be sure, much unseen; but of the lands that I have looked upon hitherto Jamaica is the most startling. The ride from Spanishtown to the northwestern sea is one of the great rides of the world to be likened to the Horse Shoe Bend or St. Gotthard. The Wag Water is a beautiful stream and Montego Bay is the bay of Naples. The whole island is a mass of gray, green mountains thrown on the face of the sea with gash and shadow and veil. The rain of Jamaica is the maddest, wildest and wettest of rains and the sunshine is God's. There in Jamaica the world is met. Africa and Asia and Europe all meet which may mean little and yet may be the most fateful meeting the world ever saw. In Jamaica for the first time in my life I lived beyond the color line—not on one side of it but beyond its end. There in strange places I could sense its curious paths stopping and wavering and fading into uncertain threads. Of course, I was ever looking for it. That is my inborn nature. I saw that the moving picture films, for instance, were "approved" by "His Worship, the Mayor," and when I sat beside His Worship, the Mayor at dinner, behold, His Worship was colored. I almost hesitated at the barber shops but the barbers did not hesitate. It was a strange sort of luxury to ride on railways where engineers, firemen, conductor and brakemen were black. The smart, dark Constables in their gleaming EDITORIAL white hats and coats gave me a double sense of security. In the stores there was usually a curl or a tint in the clerk that proclaimed the most ancient of blood and it was the same in the post office, the telephone exchange and the government buildings. In fact, though somewhat of an expert in knowing mine own, I confess that in Jamaica it was quite impossible for me to pick out the alleged 15,000 white people out of the 900,000 of population. The peasants—a great mass of hard working black laborers—were to me perhaps more alluring. I can see now those black, straight and strong and full-bosomed forms, supple of hip and thigh and lithe of limb, sinewy yet fine and calm, treading their silent miles like fate. Soft of word and slow but sweet of smile and uncomplaining, of the blood and tears of such as these was built Jamaica. Threaded through all this curious beauty, with palm and mahogany, the scent of orange blossoms and the gleam of bananas, threaded through all this is the tragedy of a poverty almost incomprehensible. Think of a woman carrying sand all day, twelve endless hours in a Jamaica sun, for eighteen cents ! Think of able-bodied men working for twenty-five cents and less a day. Think of walking fifty miles and carrying a hundred pound burden for forty cents. Think of raising and selling oranges at two cents a hundred! Here is an island rich beyond dream; out of it for three centuries and more the white world has reaped its millions. Yet today the island lies poverty-stricken but facing the world proudly with one great gift, the gift of racial peace, the utter overturning of the barbaric war of color, with a chance for men to lift themselves regardless of the complexion of their grandfathers. It is the most marvelous paradox of this paradoxical western world. LUSITANIA THE last horror of a hor rible war is come! It puts a period to what we have already said: European civilization has failed. Its failure did not come with this war but with this war it has been made manifest. Whatever of brutality and inhumanity, of murder, lust and theft has happened since last summer is but counterpart of the same sort of happenings hidden in the wilderness and done against dark and helpless people by white harbingers of human culture. But when Negroes were enslaved, or the natives of Congo raped and mutilated, or the Indians of the Amazon robbed, or the natives of the South Seas murdered, or 2,732 American citizens lynched—when all this happened in the past and men knew it was happening and women fatted and plumed themselves on the ill-gotten gains, and London and Berlin and Paris and New York flamed with orgies of extravagance which the theft of worlds made possible, when all this happened, we civilized folk turned deaf ears. W e explained that these "lesser breeds without the law" were given to exaggeration and had to be treated this way. They could not understand "civilization but as for the White World, there humanity and Christianity and loving kindness reigned. This was a lie and we know it was a lie. The Great War is the lie unveiled. This world is a miserable pretender toward things which it might accomplish if it would be humble and gentle and poor and honest. It is a great privilege in the midst of this frightful catastrophe to belong to a race that can stand before Heaven with clean hands and say: we have not oppressed, we have been oppressed ; we are not thieves, we are victims; we are not murderers, we are lynched! THE ZEITGEIST By LESLIE PINCKNEY HILL "Where is the wise? where is the scribe? Where is the disputer of this world? Hath not God made foolish the wisdom of this world? . • • But God hath chosen the foolish things of the world to confound the wise: and God hath chosen the weak things of the world to confound the things -which are mighty; and base things of the world, and things which arc despised, hath God chosen, yea, and things which are not, to bring to naught things that are; that no flesh should glory in his presence."— Paul. "What is all this but a wild fermentation of the spirit, wherefrom, the fiercer it is, the clearer product will one day evolve itself."—Carlyle. Before the whirlwind and the thunder- shock, The agony of nations, and this wild Eruption of the passionate will of man, These tottering bastions of mighty states, This guillotine of culture, and this new Unspeakable Golgotha of the Christ, My heart declares her faith, and, undis mayed, I write her prompting—write it in that poise Of judgment undisturbed to which our Head Admonishes the nation. But have I A certain warrant? Does the cannon roar Above the mangled myriads washed in blood Upon a hundred fields embolden me To vent the doctrine of a private heart! Nay, ask it not; for God hath chosen still The weak thing and the foolish and the base, And that which is despised to do His will; And humble men are chartered yet to run Upon his errands round the groaning sphere: Not many of the mighty ones are called, Among the least of men of many strains Whose origins outdate the pyramids, Uncherished of my country—though the blood Of all my fathers ran to make her free; Known by a name that typifies the slave, Synonymous with darkness, and by that Set in the ranks of mortals least es teemed, I claim no merit save the love of truth, And care to find for her a lodging-place. Nor comes it more of choice than of the stern Duress and cold inhospitality Of that environment which prejudice Fills consciously with bane, that I have sought—• Blessed be the God of Mercy!—at the shrine Of thought inviolate the wells of peace. There, fortified and unmolested, long Have I in contemplation rued the plight Of all my kind, and reverently aspired To ponder out our mission, unconvinced That we are born the dupes of Provi dence, To be a nation's burden and her taunt, Or Ishmaels of an unchosen land. Not many that dispute, not many wise; My quest has been to know the good of And evermore the Scripture is fulfilled. life, THE ZEITGEIST And why a race should be, and what endures Of that which men have called Society,And, high among the guerdons of my toil, To learn what perfect service, born of throes Dreadful but purgative, we yet might dare To offer thee, O country of our hope. And from these musings—thanks again to Him Whose citadels are stars, with time and space Their pylons, but who builds his favored home Upon the docile trust of lowly hearts— Proceeded comfort, longanimity And strength increasing of a faith sub lime Which neither infidelity in arms, Nor all the bitter usage of the world Can e'er avail to tarnish or impair. For looking out upon the world I saw Small help for future man in those who stand Upon the heights of power, save in the tales Transmitted of their long decline and fall. Because they spurn the heart of brotherhood, And trade in life, and mock the living God By lofty scorn of His dishonored sons, The strong battalions of eternal truth And Nature's law make their discomfort sure. They prove the error of that pride of race And nation which has been the world's despite, And unloosed Mammon for a thousand years. Not all their transient lordship of the earth, Their cunning in the traffic of the world, The condescension of their patronage, Or thundering proclamations of their might. Can check the springs of pity, while ourprayers Besiege the Throne of Mercy for their weal. But looking in upon my stricken peers I saw beyond uncomliness of form  The nobler lineaments of hope new-born For peoples yet to be. (J scorn it not, Ye mighty of our land, all ye that mount To glory on the necks of trampled men! If ye have ears and hearts, O hear and heed! For now within your midst are multitudes Puissant though despised, meek men of prayer, Dark shackled Knights of Labor, clinging still, Amidst a universal wreck of faith, To cheerfulness, and foreigners to hate. These know ye not, these have ye not received, But these shall speak to you Beatitudes. Around them surge the tides of all your strife, Above them rise the august monuments Of all your outward splendor, but they stand Unenvious in thought, and bide their time. Because ye schooled them in the arts of life, And gave to them your God, and poured your blood Into their veins to make them what they are, They shall not fail you in the hour of need. They own in them enough of you to feel All that has made you masters in your time—• Dear art and riches, unremitting toil, Proud types of beauty, an unbounded will To triumph, wondrous science and old law— These have they learned to covet and to share. But deeper in them still is something steeled To hot abhorrence and unmeasured dread Of your undaunted sins against the light - Red sins of lust, of envy and of hate, Of guilty gain extorted from the weak,  Of brotherhood traduced, and God denied. All this have they beheld without revolt, And borne the brunt in agonizing prayer. 84 THE CRISIS For other strains of blood that flow from times Older than Egypt, whence the dark man gave The rudiments of learning to all lands, Have been a strong constraint. And they have dreamed Of a peculiar mission under heaven, And felt the force of unexampled gifts That make for them a rare inheritance— The gift of cheerful confidence in man, The gift of calm endurance, solacing An infinite capacity for pain, The gift of an unfeigned humility, Blinding the eyes of strident arrogance And bigot pride to that philosophy And that far-glancing wisdom which it veils, Of joy in beauty, hardihood in toil, Of hope in tribulation, and of wide Adaptive power without a parallel In chronicles of men; and, over all. And more than all besides, the gift of God Expressed in rhythmic miracles of song. O these are gifts. I said a thousand times, Richer than Ophir, stronger than the might Of armament to conquer and to cure. Gifts destined yet to permeate the earth. To heal it of its mighty heresies, And all its brutal blasphemies of war. So viewing all my brothers in distress, Hindered and cursed and aliens. I have wept And prayed for them in solitude apart— That they might know themselves a chosen folk Unrecognized but potent, chastened still But chartered to be ministers of truth. To search the depths of spirit, to go forth As heralds of religion and belief, To sing the sorrow song of deathless faith. To woo and win a perfect self-control. To breed strong children exercised in prayer, Shunning as they would death the pat terns set By those who hold the kingdoms and the sway. So might they with the pregnant years become, Despite their bleeding under whips and scorns, New arbiters of social destiny, New health veins in the body politic, A high-commissioned people mingled through With all the bloods of man, and, counselling Peace, and the healing grace of brotherhood, "Have power in this dark land to lighten it, "And power in this dead world to make it live." When through my being, like some lyre strung, These wands of temporal occurrence sweep, I hear a kind of music, high and low. And ranging from the tortured earth to heaven, Throbbing in tragic cadence to express The passing and the coming life of man. And though the tempests rage and earth is stirred To her foundations, though the lucid air Becomes a menace, and the beauteous world Is bathed in fire, I am undismayed. The cataclysmic travail prophesies The dawn of one world conscience for all men, The breaking up of caste and race and creed, The warfare of all war against itself. And hence in my low place this living peace That grows and deepens, while the staggered frames Of ancient kingdoms reel beneath a weight Of crimes so vast that genius strives in vain To compass them in thought; for out of this, The Spirit saith, shall issue other breeds Soul-wounded like my brothers, and like them Despised and trammeled, but sent forth to teach That nothing in the changing world endures But truth, and love, and brotherhood and God. National Ass'n for the Advancement of Colored People MEMBERSHIP The membership of the Association is now over seven thousand. During the month of April 687 new members were added. The greater number of these came in from the following branches: Northern California, District of Columbia, St. Louis, Columbus, O., and Pittsburgh, Columbus leading with 221. m MEETINGS Speakers from the Membership Committee of the National Association have addressed the Interdenominational and Baptist Ministers' Conferences in New York and meetings in the Zion A. M. E. and Fleet Street Churches in Brooklyn, and the Fourth Moravian Church in New York. Speakers from the same committee were also heard at the Tents' Convention which was held in Brooklyn, May 12-14. Mrs. Florence Kelley, of the Board of Directors, addressed a meeting in St. Mark's M. E. Church, Montclair, N. J., Dr. F. H. Butler, pastor, on March 21. On April 28 she spoke at the Bethel A. M. E. Church, New York City, at a meeting held under the auspices of the Department for the Suppression of Lynching of the Northeastern Federation of Women's Clubs. On February 14 Mr. Villard spoke on the race question at Spuyten Duyvil at the Union Church to the regular parishioners, and on February 22 he addressed the Brooklyn Congregational Club at the Arbuckle Building of Plymouth Church, the subject being "The Attitude of the South toward the Negro." Mr. Villard's address was challenged by an enthusiastic champion of the South and received considerable comment in the local press. [ua BRANCHES Boston: Following the protests of our Association in Los Angeles, San Francisco and New York the Boston Branch took up the light against "The Birth of a Nation" and immediately aroused public opinion against it, which was reflected in pulpit and press. Representative citizens united in condemning the play, including the Governor and Lieutenant Governor of the State, Dr. Eliot, Dr. Mann, a Southerner and rector of Trinity, Dr. Crothers, Hon. Samuel W. Mccall, Mr. Garrison, and many others. Protests to the Mayor and Governor were made and meetings held everywhere, culminating in a mass meeting in Tremont Temple with an overflow meeting on the Common. Buffalo: At a meeting of the members of the Christian Culture Congress, on March 27, held in the Michigan Avenue Baptist Church, under the auspices of the Buffalo Branch of the N. A. A. C. P., the Rev. Houghton Fosbroke, pastor of St. Andrew's Church, addressed four hundred members present and said : "It is not the Negro who needs educating but the white man who is ignorant of the wrong that has been done the colored race." Dr. Fosbroke, in defining the three dangers which confronted colored people, said: "You are guilty of segregation, snobbishness, lack of unity and contempt born of discouragement in the fight for right against might." Mrs. William H. Talbert presided. Chicago: At the annual meeting of this branch, which was held in the Abraham Lincoln Center, the three speakers were Judge Brown, Judge McMurdy and Mr. Isaac Fisher, editor of the Negro Farmer. This branch presented to the new Mayor its objections to the moving picture play based on the "Clansman," which is announced for production in Chicago in the summer. The press reports that the play was passed by the wife of the THE CRISIS former Mayor, Mrs. Harrison, and by his secretary. In a letter to the press Mrs. Harrison, a Southern woman, now condemns the picture. Cleveland: This branch continues to increase its membership, its enrollment now being 254. It has held a series of parlor meetings and a public meeting at which the speakers were Mr. A. H. Martin, Mr. D. G. Gibson and Mr. Charles W. Chesnutt. District of Columbia: A campaign for a thousand new members has just been started. During April one hundred joined. The Committee of Fifty and More is energetically at work and has just sent to headquarters a check for two hundred and fifty dollars. The Juvenile Committee launched their work with a children's mass meeting on April 18 at the Howard Theatre. A varied program, given by children and including race songs, orations and stories, aroused fresh interest in the committee and its plans. The Chairman of the committee is Mrs. Carrie W. Clifford. Des Moines: The membership of this branch has grown in four months to one hundred and thirty-three and includes the Governor of the State, the Attorney General, the editor of the Register and Leader, one of the leading white papers, and other representative citizens. In addition to its vigorous cooperation with Headquarters, in working against hostile legislation in Congress, this branch materially aided in defeating the anti-intermarriage bill introduced into the Iowa Legislature. A brief was prepared by the President and the Legislative Committee of the branch and sent to every member of the Legislature. Largely as a result of these efforts, action on the bill was indefinitely postponed. Two successful public meetings have been held, a Lincoln anniversary meeting and an educational meeting. In connection with the fight, the National Association has been carrying on in different sections of the country against the moving picture play, "The Birth of a Nation," it is interesting to note that a city ordinance drawn by the President of this branch, Mr. S. Joe Brown, was passed by the City Council in 1907. This ordinance prohibits the production of any play tending to stir up race prejudice. The Secretary of the branch is Mrs. Jessye E. McClain and the Chairman of the Executive Committee, Mr. Harvey E. Ingham, editor of the Register and Leader. Harrisburg: This branch, with the Philadelphia and Pittsburgh Branches, has succeeded in getting a new Civil Rights Bill through the lower branch of the Legislature by a vote of 138 to 34. Howard Chapter: A course of lectures on Race Contact and Inter-Racial Relations, to be given under the auspices of the Howard Chapter of the N. A. A. C. P., is announced to begin Tuesday, April 27. These lectures will be given in the Library Hall of the University by Prof. Alain Leroy Locke, formerly Rhodes scholar at Oxford. It is hoped that another year these lectures may be given in other universities. The course will be conducted by syllabus and will include the following lectures: The Historical and Scientific Conceptions of Race; The Political and Practical Conceptions of Race; The Phenomena and Laws of Race Contact; The Fallacies of Modern Race Creeds; Race Progress and Racial Culture. Los Angeles: This branch enters on the second year of its work having held its first annual meeting at the Providence Baptist Church with officers of the branch as speakers. Toledo: At the request of this branch, the Mayor of the city suppressed the moving picture play called "The Nigger," which is running in some cities under the title of "The New Governor." On May 10 a John Brown day meeting was held with Wilbur E. King, formerly First Assistant Prosecuting Attorney of Franklin County, as speaker. In its membership this branch includes not only the Mayor but also three judges of the Court of Common Pleas, a probate judge, a police court judge and other prominent white citizens. FIGHTING RACE CALUMNY Part II We gave last month a chronology of the fight of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People against Tom Dixon's latest libel. This is a continuation of that narrative. "The Birth of a Nation" is now being shown in New York, Boston, Los Angeles, San Francisco, and is booked for Chicago for the summer. In each place our branches have protested. In Los Angeles they got no results. In San Francisco a few objectionable scenes were eliminated. In Des Moines, Iowa, the play cannot be presented because of the fact that Mr. S. Joe Brown some years ago introduced an ordinance which was passed prohibiting plays arousing race feeling. In Ohio, Cleveland and Toledo branches and other agencies co-operating, kept out the play, "The New Governor," and think they can keep this out of the State. The center of the fight has been Boston. April 6: The film interests attack The Crisis as an "incendiary" publication. They explain Jane Addams' criticism by declaring that she saw only half the film, which is absolutely false; and they declare that the film had the endorsement of the President of the United States, George Foster Peabody, Senator Jones of Washington and others. April 9: A hearing was held before Mayor Curley. Many prominent persons took part. A letter to us saying: "When the hearing was over a little bout occurred between Moorfield Storey and Griffith. It seems in the Boston papers that Griffith had promised Mr. Storey $1P,000 for any Charity he would name if he could find a single incident in the play that was not historic. Mr. Storey asked Mr. Griffith if it was historic that a colored lieutenant governor had locked a white girl into a room in the Capitol and demanded a forced marriage in South Carolina? Mr. Griffith only answered, 'Come and see the play' and held out his hand to Mr. Storey. Mr. Storey drew back and said, 'No sir,' refusing to shake hands with him." April 15: George Foster Peabody, in a public letter, calls the film unfair to the Negro and to the white equally and a traversity on sound peace principles." Senator Jones writes: "I never endorsed it," and continues, "the character of the second part of the play became evident before it began and I did not stay to see it." The Rector of Trinity Church, Boston, calls the film "untrue and unjust." Persons unconnected with this organization threw rotten eggs at the screen in New York City. April 17: A new feature is added to the film in Boston "portraying the advance of Negro life." A prominent New York lawyer informs us that this was done at the suggestion of Mr. Booker T. Washington. Colored citizens of Boston are refused tickets to the first exhibition of the film. The colored people persist in demanding tickets and eleven of them are arrested including Mr. W. M. Trotter, editor of the Guardian, and the Rev. Aaron Puller. All were discharged except the two mentioned. April 19: Great protest meeting in Faneuil Hall presided over by Frank B. Sanborn. Governor Walsh of Massachusetts promised to advocate a law which will enable such films to be suppressed. April 20: The state police of Massachusetts refuse to permit "The Birth of a Nation" to be exhibited on Sunday. April 21: The Massachusetts court orders elimination of the rape scene in the film. Large hearing before the legislature. April 28: Mrs. Carter II. Harrison, wife of the former mayor of Chicago denies that she ever approved the film. "It is the most awful thing I have seen. It would THE CRISIS arouse racial feeling-. I am a southerner and you naturally would expect me to oppose such pictures as this." April 29: Clergymen representing six Protestant denominations protest against the film. April 30: The secretary to the President of the United States replying to W. H. Lewis, of Boston, and to Bishop Walters, writes : "Replying to your recent letter and enclosures, I beg to say that it is true that 'The Birth of a Nation' was produced before the President and his family at the White House, but the President was entirely unaware of the character of the play before it was presented and has at no time expressed his approclared that Dixon had told him that the object of the film was the ultimate deportation of 10,000,000 Negroes from the United States, and the repeal of the war amendments, President Eliot said that this proposal was "inconceivable and monstrous" and "an abominable outrage." He continued: "A more dangerously false doctrine taught by the play is that the Ku-Klux-Klan was on the whole a righteous and necessary society for the defence of Southern white men against black Legislatures led by Northern white men. This is the same sort of argument being used by the Germans to-day, that a contract may be destroyed as a military necessity. Undoubtedly, grievous condi- THE PROTEST ONCourtesy of bation of it. Its exhibition at the White House was a courtesy extended to an old acquaintance." A committee of the Massachusetts legislature reports a bill which is a compromise between several proposals. This bill places unlimited powers of censorship in the bands of the Mayor, the police commissioner and the chief justice of the municipal court. This bill has passed the lower House and is before the Senate. May 2: Mass meeting of 2,500 persons at Tremont Temple to protest against the film. Ex-President Eliot, Dr. S. M. Crothers, Dr. F. M. Rowley, Miss Adelene Moffat and Mr. Ralph Cobleigh were among the speakers. A mass meeting was also held on Boston Common. Mr. Cobleigh de BOSTON COMMON Boston Post tions existed in the South, but they did not justify the utter lawlessness and atrocities which marked the trail of the Ku-Klux. There can be no worse teaching, no more mischievous doctrine than this, that lawlessness is justified when necessary." May 5:' The Rev. A. W. Puller was discharged by the court while Mr. Trotter was fined for assault on a policeman, but entered an appeal. The judge blamed the ticket seller chiefly for the disturbance. May 15. Telegram from the Chicago Branch, N. A. A. C. P.: Mayor Thompson has unqualifiedly refused license to the photo-play "Birth of a Nation." C. E. Bentley, Treasurer, N. A. A. C. P. Birds and Manuscripts By May You have the wrong idea of compo sition," declared the blue-penciled criticism on one of my first two themes. "It is not a fantastic, lawless thing, but is orderly and responsible." On the second paper had been penciled, "This goes out of bounds by no means to the same extent as the other, nevertheless the note of the whole is frankly forced." I looked at both papers and sighed. So, tireless devotion to composition for composition's own dear sake had brought me to this, a realization that I was creator of pen chameleons, narrow, wriggling color studies that spent their time shifting shades. I felt wounded. "Good writing," conceded the blue pencil, on work of a week later, "but not improved by the forced note in it. Why will you use the exaggerated style in all that you do?" I must start again. I tried describing a visit to a settlement house. "This"—the blue pencil in my third week of agony—"is mere hard cataloguing of detail. If it marks the swing of the pendulum from the exaggerated style it is in that case, of course, as bad as the extreme it would avoid." Evidently every pigment of that blue pencil was concentrated upon my ruin. I must say something. Outside of class I had scarcely exchanged a dozen words with my instructor. During the lecture period his Effie Lee talks were sufficiently brilliant to dispel foreshadowings of blue pencil disapprobation. And the flash of his wit was bound to draw one's attention from waiting theme piles on the desk. But after class, when the work submitted a week before was returned, criticized, then truly came my moments of misgiving. "I'm sure he imagines me obstinately adherent to old mannerisms. If I am improving, I'm improving so slowly," were my thoughts when, in desperation, I lingered one evening after others of the class had gone, and said to the man at the table, "You think I don't try. But I do." "You ought to write simply." Now any one with a moderate amount of stupidity is possessed of sufficient presence of mind to feel disconcerted in the society of clever people. And because I was excited, perhaps, I blurted out a request that cool thought may never have prompted, "May I choose my own subject?" He consented. The fact that the one colored member of the class might hereby be further establishing herself as a peculiarity troubled me little then. Away I hurried joyously, only to pause outside and watch some fussy sparrows traveling backward and forward between the vines on the old hall and a green privet hedge of the university. I felt grateful toward even the sparrows, so relieved I was, and glad. 90 THE CRISIS AT ROBIN'S BUILDING TIME Now seemed my opportunity for removing eternal minus signs from beside blue "G's." 1 went home and eagerly wrote of a mocking bird in honeysuckles. The blue pencil changed tone like a Maeterlinck blue bird. "I like this. It has the naivete of a folk-tale." And with joy I realized that my best of friends were likely to prove nature and her birds. From mocking birds in reeds by Florida lagoons; white herons on white oyster bars; cardinals swinging amidst scarlet cassenas, I could bring the scenes home, to where, in spring, the brave lark utters but one minor hint of all its winter warring with snow and wind. I could, from intimate viewpoint, picture our winter whistlers, the chickadee and the titmouse, gold of good cheer in his heart, treasure of gold beneath each wing. From the coming of the first gray robin to the crowning of spring, with the gold oriole, there was to be recorded from our village a wealth of bird-land incident; if nothing better than a tale of how I chased an illusive chewink to her brush-pile home; or how I found blue birds complacently watching me from a hole in a post; or how, for instance, a cow bird audibly gloated when she, left a snuff-flecked egg in my song sparrow's dainty nest; how an April storm destroyed a catbird home and two beryline eggs. I could tell, too, of the mourning dove's pitiful nest of weeds; her colorless eggs; her plaint, "Here's another new-u-u-found woe-o-o." But long before the writing of the saddest as well as the brightest of these resulted in "Distinguished" marks for a year's effort, had I discovered what good friends birds are. "Nothing here is for me," sometimes I've found myself saying when picturesque places seemed only for the rich. "The flowers he planted. He set out the trees—" perhaps at that moment, from among live-oak, maple or cotton-wood boughs, flutters reassurance in the form of our impartial friend, the bird. I watch small sweet Sonora doves flitting from the Phoenix rich man's olive groves to the pepper trees of my humble stopping-place. I see desert song sparrows go out toward the Apache huts. I hear kildeer's trilling far up on bald Monkey Hills, where no man. but the Hopi camps. The birds befriend us all. I would have for teachers the robin and the oriole, symbols, respectively, of hardihood and subtility. The robin has courage to build in tempestuous young spring. The oriole chooses silk to interweave with nest fabric. Courage and care. "I cannot see that failure to realize yourself could be interpreted otherwise than quite wilful neglect. Use your abilities. It is all that is necessary," BIRDS AND MANUSCRIPTS fa I A BLUEBIRD'S read a final message from the wielder of the blue pencil. "Much patience ! Much labor! Much hope, too !" the rust-brown Carolina wren has caroled at my window all winter. I heed the message of both critic and bird. Though I lack the robin's farsightedness to discern May in March; oriole clearness of vision to select silk from FRONT DOOR silt, the message of my springtime friends, this year seems more fully than ever fraught with meaning for me. After many months of living as much as possible for it alone, I have all but finished my book on the out-of-doors. Still—blue egg merged into speckled fledgling; spotted breast ripened to red —what awaits the robin ? God send such springtime as the oriole finds. "WAITING FOR THE ORIOLES' THE GOLDEN-HAIRED MAIDEN By SIDNEY E. DICKINSON SUMME R night was stealing across the bottom lands and wooded wastes of Alabama. The last bell of evening had died on the still air. Far off in the west—in the west of long ago —a- soft light glowed, pale, ashen, and dim, and then went out. Warm breezes came out of the south, and in the upper air was heard the rushing of a great wind. The trees swayed and the leaves sang a song of evening. Then all was calm, for the night had come. Distant sounds as of a people in trouble came out of the vast reaches of the land—wails and songs and amazing ecstasy. A youth and a maiden — a fair-formed youth an d a golden-haired maiden— were walking together alone. "Yes, yes," the maiden sobbed, "but your heart seems cold to me." "And yours is much too warm, 1 think." "Never was heart too warm," she sobbed "for without warm hearts the world were very cold indeed." "What a silly notion," laughed the cold-hearted boy. "And now we're home again. Good night." He turned to speak as he went away. "Sit on the steps," he said, "and listen to the black folks singing. That will cool your heart. Damn their racket, say I." "That will warm my heart," she said. And so she sat alone—this gentle maiden of long ago—and the tears came to her eyes and she marveled at the beauty of the far-away voices and she thought not of the youth who had passed from her life forever. Her dog came to her side and looked into her face. She spoke kindly to him and he nestled close beside her. But he was uneasy and soon was away baying as only a hound can bay on a summer night in Alabama. From far and near came answers to his barking. "What's wrong with the dog?" called out a voice from within the house. "I do not know, father," replied the maiden. "Come in, my girl." "The night is lovely, father. I will stay out if you please, dear father." "Very w e 1 1. Good night." "Come in, my dear," chimed in the hollow voice of a woman. "The night is warm. Aunt Caroline. I will stay out if you please." "Why must they be ever after me ?" brooded the girl. "They do not know me." "No good will c o m e of this," said the father. "She is a headstrong girl," said the aunt. A hush had come over the land. The dogs had ceased their barking. The voices of sorrow were no longer heard. Only the drone of myriad insects broke the silence. "I seem hardly myself tonight," mused the maiden. "I am unhappy and happy at once. Surely this is strange. Yes, my heart is too warm." And while she sat thus in reverie, great preparations were going on in the quarters down back of the mansion— preparations she knew not of, for the preparations were carried on with wondrous stealth. But so still was the night that she heard at length the murmur of muffled voices, and great fear came over her, for the hour was well past ten. THE GOLDEN-HAIRED MAIDEN "Father is very cruel to them. What can it be?" she thought. She called her dog, but no dog came. All was very still. "They love me. I will go clown." Out into the night she ventured, a-tremble. Quiet reigned at the quarters. "Aunt Janey," she called; but her voice echoed in an empty room. "Sammy May," she called. Again no answer. She felt her way inside. A rat scurried across the dirt. Yes, the slaves had gone. "Oh dear!" wept the golden-haired maiden, and would have fainted there, no doubt, had not her heart been warm. She feared to return to the house and knew not what to do. "I hear them," she cried. "I hear them. Down in the swamp they are singing. They have stolen away to meet with their God." Her face turned ghastly white. "What if father hears them?" she gasped. "But the swamp is far away and father will not hear them, I know." A sudden thought came to her, bringing back with it the color to her face. "I am going to the swamp, and why I am going I do not know. Is it because my heart is warm?" Once the resolution was made and once the wild escapade undertaken, nothing could have stayed her. She knew the road to the grist mill, dared the path through the sighing pines, and ere the time when night meets morning, had come to the edge of the brake. A volume of song issued from the depths of the ghostly swamp. Quavering notes, higher and higher and yet higher, blended with the booming of the bases and the swell and rocking of altos and sweet tenors. And through it all came the frenzied screams of men and women in the throes of religious passion. The golden-haired maiden fought her way through the tangled underbrush and through the mud and through inky pools of water, till, undetected, she found herself almost upon this midnight scene so passing strange. A lull had come in the singing. There was no light. Some one was praying for deliverance from bondage, more fervently, thought the maiden, than ever she had heard man pray before. "I wonder why I am here?" she pondered. "I am very tired, and I am not well. My breath comes short. But my heart is warmer than ever before, and I am happy. I seem to be meeting my lover, and my lover's heart is warmer than mine." The prayer continued with increasing fervor till all were swaying and weeping with emotions varying from keenest terror to most exalted bliss. Out of such passion something must be born, and ere the prayer was well completed the silvery voice of a man in anguish rose above the weeping, singing, "I was way down a-yonder a-by myself. I was hunting a-fo' some a-bosom a-friend." Scarcely had the exquisite melody burst upon the night when another voice, born of the African wilderness, had joined in with a throbbing accompaniment—"Dum a la dum a lum a dum a lum." The assembled slaves took up the monotonous chant, only to hear the wailing tenor peal out again in perfect ecstasy. "An' O Lord de angel done change my name, my brudder' an' I don' know where my leader's gone. Good Lord my Jesus done died one time, my brudder"—here, all, feeling the common inspiration, sang out, "an' he never 'tends to die no mo'." "My heart is a-flame with love," wept the golden-haired maiden. On toward the hours of sunrise, when fancies, not signs, are astir to tell of the coming day, the meeting had burned itself out. Exhausted, the Negroes prepared to return by stealth, as they had come, and there among them they found their golden-haired maiden. The doctor said the golden-haired maiden could not live, and so, when she was about to die, the rough father, with tears rolling down his cheeks, and the heartless aunt, and others were assembled about her, and she said, "My heart is warm with love." "It is a good thing," said the heartless aunt to herself, when all was over, "for sooner or later the girl would learn our secret, and then the story would out, 94 THE CRISIS and I would be disgraced—a nigger for Outside the Negroes wept as a lover a niece!" weeps for his lost one. "God be merciful!" cried the father. The cold-hearted youth said, "I do not "It is very sad," said the others. understand." AN APPEAL Dee. 10-1914. R No. 4 Box 62 Cordele Ga Dear Editor. Will you Please allow me to Beg you to help just one hard Working man here in Georgia. By giving me Space in your Paper, to get a home in That Part of the Word Where Probly a Working man can get a Way to make a Living if Nothing else: I am a hard Working man and of a very small family. Bread Born and Raised on a farm and has a Good Rep among all White &amp; Black. Not too yong to Work. Nor too old. Not sickly at all: age 34: Wife 28: We made and Gathered 100 Bushels of Com and 21 good Bales of Cotton, on one horse farm, and Now. We are Panic stricken. With Nothing to eat. and Very Little to ware. We Need help. Badly. There is Nothing in this Country to Do Wherein We might make a Living. If there is any concern That Will feed and clothe us I Will Serve all Nex year: 12 months to Pay for Same. I can furnish Good Reference to my self among Some of the Best White People here. No one in family has ever Been arested. No had any cause for such, these Words can easly Be proved. Will you Please help us to get in the Republic part of the World en-stead of the Dimacratic and help one honest Colord man to get wher T can Live: Please answer your most humble Servant J. F. Wright. Of course, we hope that our children are the finest that appear in The Crisis and. therefore, proud for the world to see them for they are as fine as they look. We think quite seriously, and shiver when we think of it, and agree with you in speaking of the disgrace, "that the foremost republic on earth should be directing its greatest battle not against war and poverty and prejudice, but against these dark babies. On with The Crisis." Chicago, Ill. Atlanta. Ga. Congratulations on this editorial on the war in the new Crisis, and on the one about the Women's Clubs as well. Some criticise us for a chip-on-theshoulder attitude. I myself, however, become more and more intolerant of any suggestion of patronage. B. G. Brawley. New York City. I want to express my warm satisfaction with the manly and skillful way in which The Crisis handled the Trotter-Wilson affair. Your paper is simply splendid in this and in other ways of fighting the good fight. Moses Oppenheimer. Washington, D. C. The Crisis improves with age, and it alone justifies the existence of the N. A. A. C P. E. C. Williams, Principal Colored High School. LETTERS Calhoun, Ala. I am enclosing my check for subscription to The Crisis with my heartiest congratulations. Even when you show a spirit, semi-occasionally, only, that makes your most devoted adherents cringe a trifle,—I believe that the existence of such bitterness of spirit is a scientific fact which should be known by all who are intelligently interested in the welfare of the people of both races. But is the present state of things due to the patient waiting policy of one section of the colored people? Is it not rather due to the constantly increasing number of able, educated, cultured men and women of the race, who must of necessity bring a new demand for recognition and give the question of social justice new prominence and new meanings,—with a temporary increase of difficulties ? Jessie E. Guernsey. St. Louis, Mo. I was glad to learn that a committee is protesting against the Anheuser- Busch Company's posters. Under date of December 24th I sent the company a protest. Among other things in their reply they claimed to have hesitated a long while but finally decided to let the caricature appear in their name; and that decision was reached after consulting several Negroes who said it would be looked upon as comical and in no way offensive! I had begun to think I was possibly alone in taking exceptions. I am glad to find that I have company. Minnie T. Shores. Edmonton, Canada. I want to thank The Crisis for showing me how to vote for principles rather than parties. G. T-Jones. Washington, D. C. Thanks for splendid articles and editorials on recent White House incident and Oklahoma car case, especially the latter. It took bravery to say what was said in The Crisis, but it ought to have been said and repeated. The continual carrying of these cases up to the higher courts improperly prepared is a disgrace and positive injury to our cause, however good the intentions of the inadequately trained men who persist in doing it. May The Crisis have a prosperous year. F. H. M. Murray. New York City. With my heartiest wishes for the success of The Crisis, (it is the one paper whose editorials I never miss reading) now and in the future. Amy Spingarn. (Mrs. J. E. Spingarn.) Irvington, N. J. The examples I have given of various poets and their lives goes to show that their minds reach the magnitude of its power at different times of life regardless of their genius. With all due respect to the editors of The Crisis, the reading of Palgrave's collection, Braithwaite's anthology and Max Eastman's enjoyment of poetry may give a young aspiring writer a clearer perception of his true mission in life, but if he has not the divine spark in his soul, the gift of the Gods, his efforts in expressing himself in true poetic terms will be of no avail for poets are born, not made. Chas. A. Biot. Warren, Ark. Negroes assembled in Emancipation Celebration instructed us to wire their thanks to you, Mr. Spingarn and the Association for the manly fight you made to secure a part of the Smith- Lever appropriation for the farmers and your leadership. James W. Eichelberger. Pine Bluff, Ark. The Arkansas Teachers' Association express their appreciation and thanks to you and your organization for your stand and work on the Smith-Lever Bill. C. P.McLurkin, W. W. Welsh, J.	 G. Robinson, Committee. 96 THE Yes, indeed, I read The Crisis from cover to cover. I think it is one of the best edited magazines that I have ever seen. It is a rare blend of virile conviction and literary quality, a combination seldom found. Henry Moskowitz, Chairman, Civil Service Board, New York City. CRISIS New York City. I wish to express my appreciation for the splendid editorial on Woman Suffrage, published in the April number of The Crisis. I am greatly touched with its generous patience and foresighted idealism. Viva Boarman Whitehouse, Chairman, Press and Publicity Council. The Next Colored Delegation to the White House A Statement of the Circulation of THE CRISIS, a monthly maga zine, published at 70 Fifth Avenue, New York City Average monthly circulation, 1914 31,450 JANUARY 1915 28,198 FEBRUARY 1915 27,201 MARCH 1915 28,661 APRIL 1915 33,921 Issue of April, 1915 (in detail) By geographic divisions I U. S.) New England States 1,804 Middle Atlantic States 6,903 East North Central States 7,730 West North Central States 2,925 South Atlantic States 6,006 East South Central States 1,885 West South Central States 4,056 Mountain States 797 Pacific States 933 33,039 Foreign* . 882 Total 33,921 By agents and news stands 26,269 Subscribers 7,652 Incorporated places in the United States Less than 1,000 population and miscellaneous 1,901 1,000 to 5,000 1,893 5,000 to 10,000 2,478 10,000 to 20,000 2,737 20,000 to 30,000 3,332 30,000 to 40,000 ... -. 1,776 40,000 to 50,000 1,429 . 50,000 to 75,000 2,655 75,000 to 100,000 1,402 100,000 to 200,000 2,406 200,000 to 500,000 3,404 500,000 and over 7,8 B y States (U. S.) Alabama 558 Arizona 166 Arkansas 725 California 579 Colorado 254 Connecticut 409 Delaware 172 District of Columbia 997 Florida 799 Georgia 903 Idaho 6 Illinois 3,388 Indiana 1,134 Iowa 517 Kansas 665 Kentucky 363 Louisiana 1,121 Maine 8 Maryland 645 Massachusetts 1,152 Michigan 345 Minnesota 387 Mississippi 453 Missouri 1,188 Montana 116 Nebraska 140 Nevada 15 New Hampshire 9 New Jersey 1,160 New Mexico 100 New York 2,382 North Carolina 587 North Dakota 21 Ohio 2,745 Oklahoma 866 Oregon 70 Pennsylvania 3,361 Rhode Island 223 South Carolina 718 South Dakota 7 Tennessee • • 511 Texas 1,344 Utah 117 Vermont 3 Virginia 844 Washington 284 West Virginia 341 Wisconsin 118 Wyoming 23 A. G. DILL, Business Manager. Sworn to and subscribed before me this 12th day of May, 1915 EDWARD J. BREDEN, Notary Public, Kings Co., No. 101. Notary Public, N. Y. Co., No. 113. * Including 263 to insular and territorial U. S. 98 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER What Will You be Doing Five Years From Today? What will you be doing five years from today? What will be your earning capacity? Wil l the work you are doing now, today, and the work you will probably take up this fall, be fitting you for a larger earning capacity five years from now? To the man who has his own business, or who has finished his profession and who has settled down to practice, these questions do not apply. But to the other man—young or old—the man who has gone through school and who came out without any definite idea of what his life work is to be; to the man who left school early, attracted by the lure of the tips on a Pullman car, or at a beach resort, and who never afterwards seemed able to do anything else, this question is directed: What will vou be doing five years from today? Will you always be a bellman, or a waiter, or a porter? There is no disgrace in being either. Al l labor is honorable and some of the finest souls in America today exist beneath a waiter's jacket or a porter's uniform. But you, young men and middle-aged men, with ambition and intelligence,_ who have never had a chance to rise, and who have wondered if there was not some other line of work into which you could go where your worth would be appreciated, and where you could make a decent living; these questions are directed to you. Have you ever thought of the wonderful opportunity which the selling of life insurance offers ? There are over Ten Million of our folks in this country ; there are not Ten Thousand who have over Five Thousand Dollars insurance on their lives. Certainly no one can say there are not Ten Thousand colored men able to carry that much or more. There are. as a matter of fact, Ten Thousand who are able to carry Twenty-five Thousand Dollars on their lives; there are One Hundred Thousand men who are able to carry Five Thousand Dollars on their lives; and One Million who could pay for One Thousand Dollars in insurance. These are stupendous figures, but they are TRUE. You are living over a gold mine, young man. You are stubbing your toe on a diamond and kicking it out of the way. The amount of life insurance in old-line companies carried by our people is so small, comparatively, that insurance books make no record of it . But this condition is changing. Colored people are awakening to the fact that it is just as necessary to protect one's wife and child with life insurance as it is to protect one's household goods with fire insurance. The organization of this Company was undertaken to meet this growing need. The fact that in less than two years we have, in a small area, with a handful of untrained men written over One and a Half Million Dollars worth of insurance, shows that there is a DEMAND . There is a golden harvest awaiting the trained solicitor; there is a lifetime of remunerative high class work in the insurance business. Life insurance soliciting is the best paid hard wor k in the world. Prepare yourself and make life insurance YOUR life work. It takes preparation and constant study and thoughtful work to make good. But the pay—on the commission basis entirely—is the highest in the world. If we had the MEN, competent, capable, earnest, we could enter actively every state in the Union where there are sufficient of our people to solicit business. Prepare now and connect yourself with the only regular old-line legal reserve life insurance company owned and operated entirely by colored people. Please send me particulars \ about insurance. STANDARD LIFE INSURANCE CO. Amount $ •.. 200 Auburn Avenue, ATLANTA, GEORGIA Sex "• Ag e Capital Fully Paid -- $100,000.00 Weight * • . Over One Million and a Half Insurance in Force Occupation \ ^ Issues Policies from $250.00 to $5,000.00 Name \ Address \ HEM AN E. PERRY, President (C. June, 1915) \ HARRY H. PACE, Secretary Mention TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER	 99 AIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIBI II I IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIINIIIIIII [I IIIII [IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii I III I MINI I I M A Normal Work at Wilberforce Approved by the State EXTENSIVE IMPROVEMENTS TO BE MADE Summer Term 1915 tobe Omitted HE Normal and Industrial Department at Wilberforce is now one of the institu tions in the state of Ohio approved by the Superintendent of Public Instruction for the training of teachers for elementary and special work. Teachers graduating from this department will, without examination, be entitled to a state certificate good in Ohio and recognized in thirty other states. To better equip the department for its work, extensive improvements and additions to buildings will be made; shops for the mechanical trades; a hospital building; gymnasium and additional accommodations for teachers. The Summer Term will be omitted during the present summer while these improvements are being made. In future, summer students will have advantage of these improvements and summer work will have full value, entitling graduates to certificate without examination. NO SUMMER SESSION 19IS REGISTER N O W FOR SESSION 1916 aiMiwiMiiiuiii TO EVERY WOMAN "THE LIFE AND WORKS OF PAUL 	who writes, one copy of "Ladies LAURENCE DUNBAR" Cyclopedia of Health and Containing his COMPLETE POETIFRE E Beauty." This book contains inCA L WORKS , his best short stories, formation indispensable to every numerous anecdotes and a complete woman; on every subject women are most interested biography by Lida Keck Wiggins. This in. Tells how to cultivate health and beauty, what great book should be in every Negro to use and how to use it. home. Dunbar was the World's Great LOUIS MCCREARY est Negro Poet and his work stands in a class alone. Contains 430 pages—60 1312 FAR NA M STREET OMAHA , NEB. full-page illustrations Price $1.75 net. Postage extra 15c. AGENTS WANTED. TEXAS COLORED TEACHERS' AGENCY Book Department, Desk D 1025 Boll St. Dallas, Texas Note to Teachers—A post card will bring information concerning our teach ers' placing agency. W e recommend f FREE competent teachers to positions all over the South. Address inquiry to Regis TAILOR tration Department. BOOK Jg MakeS35 to$65aweek show-&gt; ingthisgreatTailor-Book. t GoodseomuchfinerandprioeBK FOOTWEAR FIT TO	 WEAR Rn much lower, everyone BOOS 1 the difference at a glance. SPECIAL OFFER FREE DELIVERY FROM FACTORY TO BUYER BY To prove ourunoqualledqiiaHty, PARCEL POST. 	we will let you ordor at the wholenale price, a Sample Suit or even a pair of pants aa low a«$2.25 GUARANTEED MEN'S AND WOMEN'S LINE IN ALL —and no extra charges even t~~' i»$2.Z5 I ! ; ! .IK biggest peg top Rt.ylen. Yo fnrtl.e Hit i'J STYLES AND LEATHERS. FROM $3.50 TO $5.00. SIV?™ P!IIR.LL;;JF now make moro quick mnu-y and In own fine tailored c I"thee cheaper than you ever thought posoihle We prepay the charges on every oritur ami don't keopacont of Send for Catalog 	any customer's money unleoe ho iB well pleased. Lctuaoond you thinflriGHunn.le •nillit. unci HIIOW ynu how to take the mnet perfect lu.-iiniii uu fur thefinoattailoring on themarket. Write ua today. THE FRED DOUGLASS SHOE CO., INC. The Chicago Tailors' Association DepartmentA LYNN, MASS. 	P.PT. 357. VAN BUREN AND MARKET Sit,., CHICAGO Mention THE CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER The new efficiency era calls TEACHERS for the modern way of selecting teachers, through a live agency that furnishes the connecting medium in a business way, saves time of school officials, relieves teachers of the embarrassment of job hunting and covers the whole country. W e have had calls for teachers from Alabama, Arkansas, Delaware, District of Columbia, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky, Maryland, Mississippi, Missouri, North Carolina, Oklahoma, Rhode Island, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia and West Virginia. Our list of teachers covers even a wider territory. THE MUTUAL TEACHERS' AGENCY 1335 T Street, N. W. Washington, D. C. A Base Ball Jersey Without a Cent of Cost to You I give you a very fine pure wool sweater; double collar and cuffs.your choice of color. Just handle for me your club'S spring order for baseball goods — at special discount, and this jersey is yours. Send for complete catalog of my beat grade sporting goods at whole sale prices—baskethall, baseball, tennis, golf. etc. Write me now. JACK SHANNON CO. Dept-25,54 E.Monroe ST CHICAGO Start a Mail Order Business and Make Money You can operate in your own home during spare time. The parcel post has opened up the doors of opportunity to YOU. Others are making $20 to $500 a week. Wh y can't you? By our method you can start with $5 and up. We offer you thirty live, money-making mail order plans. Yon can make 95 cents profit of every dollar order. W e furnish cir culars, printed matter and place your advertising at lowest rates. Send 10 cents for complete outfit. Do it today—Now! MAIL DEALERS WHOLESALE HOUSE 517 Dearborn Street Chicago, Ill. Make Extra Money Each Week Light, pleasant and very profitable work. Take orders for our high grade calling cards at 50 for 25 cents with name and address. Big demand everywhere. Large commissions. Exclusive territory. Write now for samples and terms. THE HOUSE OF CHOWNIING. Indianapolis. Ind. Wealth is Power The Union Development Company's stock is a wealth producer. $40,000.00 of stock for sale at $10.00 per share. Stock is now paying 7%. Every dollar invested in first class improved business property, located in the heart of the city ; no risk, no failure. Company duly chartered under the laws of Georgia; is composed of some of the most successful and influential business men and women of the city and has great earning possibilities. Send at once for free circular giving full information. Union Development Co. 458 West Broad Street Savannah, Ga. rBEAUT Y CULTURE An art every woman should cultivate to retain the transparent, velvety complexion of youth. There's no secret or mystery about it, just use REJUVENATING CREAM' for cleansing and massage DELUXE POWDER d? for a beautiful complexion. Rejuvenating Cream, 20 cent jars. De-Luxe Powder, white, pink, or high brown, 50 cent boxes. As a profession Beauty Culture offers a dignified and lucrative employment for young wom, en. Most completely appointed Beauty Culture Parlors and School In the east. All branches taught. Special terms for a limited l&gt;v time. HJ MADAM BARREAU BRISTOL BUILDING f L NEW BEDFORD, MASS. Pianos-Player pianoS Factory to Home 110 00 BY MY PLAN of selling direct from factory to home, I can save you from $110 to $200 on my celebrated Evans Artist Model Pianos. Two to Four Years to Pay The' Easiest kind of terms, weekly, monthly, quar terly or yearly payments to suit your convenience. All middlemen, jobbers, dealers and agents profits cut out. No charge for salesroom expense for my office Is in my factory. These are some of the reasons why I can sell the Evans Artist Model Pianos for such little money. Let me send you the other reasons Write today. 30 Days Free Trial We allow all freight charges, let you use the beautiful Evans Artist Model Piano for thirty days free. If you are not entirely satisfied, we wilt take It back without any cost to you—you are the sole Judge to decide. If you want to keep it, you may do so on our low factory wholesale price on most convenient terms. j&amp;y** Free Music Lessons F. O Evans Piano Co. TO EVERY CUSTOMER Dept. Chicago, Illinois we win give a two year COURSE of piano Please send me your wholesale Instruction free. Ask about our Insur ance plan and our method of saving Price list and catalogue of the Evans you money. Write today. Artist Model pianos F. O. E. piano Co. Dept. 81 Chicago Mention TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 101 Atlanta University Studies of the Negro Problems 17 Monographs Sold Separately Address ATLANTA UNIVERSITY CONFERENCE ATLANTA UNIVERSITY :i ATLANTA. GA. The Curse of Race Prejudice By James F. Morton, Jr., A. M. An aggressive exposure by an Anglo-Saxon champion of equal rights. Startling facts and crushing arguments. Fascinating reading. A necessity for clear understanding and up-to-date propaganda. Belongs in the library of every friend of social justice. Price 25 cents. Send order to JAMES F. MORTON, JR. 211 West 138th Street •:- New York, N. Y. "GLEANINGS FROM DIXIE-LAND" Ten poems by EFFIE T. BATTLE. A.M. "Mrs. Battle has an individual rift of melody." —Springfield Republican. "You owe it to your race to publish your poems in book form."—Editor, Southwestern Christian Advocate. "Verses are smooth, graceful, high-minded and clear, reverent to all truth, appreciative of all beauty and true inspiration."—George W . Cable. PRICE 25 CENTS. ADDRESS: OKOLONA INDUSTRIAL SCHOOL, Okolona, Miss. SILVER CHORD POEMS By one of the leading poets of the race, ADOLPHUS JOHNSON. Printed on fine Aberdeen book paper, highly glazed, and handsomely bound in Olive green cloth. A book for every home. In dialect and English. Start the buy a book movement. Agents wanted. Price 75c. Postpaid THE GRAY PUBLISHING CO. 420 South 11th St., Philadelphia IN NEW YORK AT The Crisis. 70 5th Ave. Young'' Book Exchange, 135 W. 135th St. $25.00 PER WEEK may be made in commissions by parties handling "History of Negro Soldiers in Spanish-American War" combined with "History of the Negro Race." 400 pages, 50 illustrations. Price $1.25 net. Address: E. A JOHNSON 154 Nassau Street NEW YORK YOUNG'S BOOK EXCHANGE (George Young) Novel Souvenir Post Cards Colored Authors and Books on Race Problems a Specialty. 135 W. 133th Street New York City Opens July 1 Better Closes Sept. 15 The Ocean House known as SEA ISLE CITY The Gordon Sea View, N. J. Personally managed by Mrs. Lucy Lee. This is the only property we own on the Atlantic Beach front. Every room opens on the ocean. Bathing, boating, fishing, music, dancing. A beautiful view of the ocean while dining from our new conservatory dining room. Special rates to school teacher, for July. Write for rates. Address: MRS. LUCY LEE, 5 Plain St., Elmhurst, N. Y. After July 1st, The Ocean House, Sea Isle, N. J. Season, June 1st to September 30th MILLER'S COTTAGE, Luray, Va. In the heart of the mountains; an ideal resort uniting all city gayeties with the quiet of the country. Every summer comfort; cool, airy rooms; within five minutes' walk of the great Luray Caverns; tempting table, tennis courts, fishing, music, dancing. Booklet on request. MRS. ALDINA HAWKINS HAINES Luray, Virginia. HOTEL LINCOLN (American or European Plan) Opens May 15thundernewmanagment Combines the restful quiet of the country and sea shore with the gayeties of a great city Only a few minutes' ride by train separates Ne w York City from this delightful spot. HOTE L LINCOLN is within three minutes walk of the beach where there are bathing, boating and fishing. 26 magnifi cently appointed rooms, single or en suite. Every convenience to suit the most exacting. EXCELLENT CUISINE—MODERATE RATES—BEST OF SERVICE For information write C. A. BRECKENR1DGE. Prop. Telephone 1417 Hammels Arvene. Long Island WANTED Colored men and women to become manufacturers and make a fortune preparing hair tonics, hair oil, face powders and creams, shoe polishes, chewing gum and 20 money making plans. $1.50 brings plans telling how these formulas made many rich. You can do the same. Do it now. IRVING R. THOMPSON 1118 West l8th Street, Lorain, Ohio. $60 WEEKLY RobinsonBobi  Folding Bath Tub. Big seller. Costs little, no plumbing, little water. Weight 15 pounds, folds into small roll. Full length baths, far better than tin tubs. Guaranteed 10 years. $10 a day easilv made, Write forfree tub offer. Robinson Cabinet Mrg. Co., 334 Factories Bldg.,Toledo,O. Mention TH K CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER LEGAL DIRECTORY REGALIA /Central 104-W Telephones: \ Main 61 HARRY E. DAVIS ATTORNEY-AT-LAW NOTARY PUBLIC 160 7 Williamson Building Cleveland, Ohio Office L. D. Telephone 3297 Market Residence L. D. Telephone S277-M Market GEORGE A. DOUGLAS COUNSELLOR-AT-LAW Rooms 613-614, Metropolitan Building 113 Market St., Cor. Washington, Newark, N. J. General Practice Notary Public WILLIAM R. MORRIS ATTORNEY AND COUNSELLOR-AT-LAW 1020 Metropolitan Life Building Minneapolis Minn. SYLVANUS H. HART, JR. Attorney and Counsellor at Law Practice in all Courts Jacksonville, Fla. BROWN S. SMITH ATTORNEY-AT-LAW Offices: Suite 802 Sykes Block Near Third and Hennepin Minneapolis Minn. GEORGE W. MITCHELL ATTORNEY-AT-LAW 908 Walnut Street Philadelphia Pa. Tel. 5437 Fort Hill Cable Address, Epben EDGAR P. BENJAMIN ATTORNEY AND COUNSELLOR-AT-LAW 3 4 School Street Boston, Mass. Telephone Connection W. Ashbie Hawkins George W. F, McMechen HAWKINS &amp; McMECHEN ATTORNEYS-AT-LAW 21 East Saratoga Street Baltimore, Md. PERSONAL CARDS Telephone 5277 Morningside DR. GERTRUDE E. CURTIS SURGEON DENTIST 188 W. 135th Street New York City WILLIAM L. BELL ERNEST W. KING Associate Architects 300 Odd Fellow Bldg. ATLANTA, GA. J. E. ORMES ACCOUNTANT Audits System, Business information by mail. Open for engagements July and August Box 25 , Wilberforce University Wilberforce, O. A Race Enterprise Manufacturing Badges, Banners and Supplies for all Fraternal and Church Societies. Cat alog upon request. CENTRAL REGALIA CO. Jos. L. Jones, Pres. N. E. Corner 8th and Plum Streets, Cincinnati, Ohio LADIES! $2.40 — Per Day-$2.40 Selling our high-grade Food Flavoring. Saucepan Free with each order. W. HENRY ELMORE, JR. 510 Carolina Street Chattanooga, Tenn. AGENTS WANTED FOR BH | W . T. McKissick &amp; Co's. FAMOUS 90 DAYS TREATMENTS No. 1, No.2 and No. 3 For Scalp, Hair and Skin P. O. Box 102, WILMINGTON, DEL. WANTED Agents for THE CRISIS. Dignified work. 70 Fifth Avenue, New York. Rogers Silver State Seal Souvenir Spoon Get this genuine, guaranteed 188 1 ROGERS A 1 State Seal Souvenir Spoon of your own state. They certainly are beauties. You never saw anything lovelier. The pattern is simply exquisite. They embody the new idea of smooth, large, bowl and the elaborately decorated handle. The kind women love. A heavy deep cut state seal design; noble, modern and elegant. The quality of the spoon is the very « best, solid, substantial and rich. They are spoons you will be proud to own. The illustration gives you only a faint a u whole effect. These spoons are made and guaranteed by the time honored #&gt; firm of Wm. A . Rogers, which stands for finest designing, highest grade of idea of the exquisite loveliness of the •d a workmanship and longest wear. Every spoon is wrapped in the original guar | antee certificate. These spoons retail from 50c to 75c each. Special introductory price 15 cents each, 3c additional for postage on one spoon and lc for each additional spoon. W e need ambitious, energetic and reliable men and women to represent us. Exclusive territory. This is a high grade clean proposition. Your opportunity; grasp it; address Rogers Souvenir Spoon Co. 2252 South Sacramento Avenue Chicago, Ill. Mention THE CRISIS Attention, Masons! A New Book of Interest to You Prince Hall and His Followers A carefully argued defense of the legitimacy of Negro Masonry in the United States, with notes and documents, by GEORGE W. CRAWFORD, 32° A graduate of Tuskegee, Talladega and Yale, formerly clerk of the Probate Court of New Haven and now a practicing lawyer there. Mr. Crawford is one of the best informed Masons in the country. COMMENTS From James F. Rikards, 33°, Most Puissant Sovereign Grand Commander, A. &amp; A. Scottish Rite : " 'Prince Hall and His Followers,' written by a scholarly Afro-American, presents to the Masonic world a treatise on the legitimacy of Negro Masonry that should be in the hands of every Mason seeking for Truth. The information contained in the chapter devoted to Prince Hall is alone worth to the young Mason the price of the book. Brother Crawford's easy and pleasing style creates in the reader a desire to complete the volume before putting the book out of his hands." From Henry A. Spencer, 33°, Grand Master and Grand Commander of Knights Templar of New York: "The book fills a long-felt want among intelligent Masons of our Race. To know that we are right, and to substantiate that fact by intelligent research and logical statements, is worth more to us than what the other fellow may say. This is what Brother Crawford's book does; and it should be in the hands of every Mason of our Race." From Jose H. Sherwood, 33°, Past Grand Master of Minnesota and Deputy Imperial Potentate of Shriners : "A very strong brief, setting forth plainly the legitimacy of Prince Hall Masonry, and, as well, a stern call to all Negroes to assume full pride in the . happy possession of a Rite which can show such clear proofs of its contentions." From William H. Grimshaw, 33°, Past Grand Master of the District of Columbia and author of "A History of Colored Freemasonry": "I have read with great pleasure 'Prince Hall and His Followers.' The book is well written, containing clear and convincing diction. The impartial accuracy with which the facts are marshalled makes the book a very valuable asset to Masons." Price One Dollar. Postage Extra. ORDER NOW AGENTS WANTED THE CRISIS 70 Fifth Avenue :: :: New York Mention Tn Crisis A Selected List of Books These prices do not include postage. Postage extra. HOUSE BEHIND THE CEDARS. (Charles W. Chesnutt) $1.50 HAZEL. (Mary White Ovington) 100 THE AUTOBIOGRAPHY OF AN EX-COLORED MAN . (Anonymous) 1.20 LYRICS OF LOWLY LIFE. (Paul Laurence Dunbar) 1.25 THE MARROW OF TRADITION. (Charles W. Chesnutt) 1.50 THE SPORT OF THE GODS. (Paul Laurence Dunbar) 1.50 NORRIS WRIGHT CUNEY. (Maud Cuney Hare) 1.50 A NARRATIVE OF THE NEGRO. (Leila Amos Pendleton) 1.50 SOULS OF BLACK FOLK. (W. E. B. Du Bois) 1.25 RACE ADJUSTMENT. (Kelly Miller) 2.00 HISTORY OF THE NEGRO. (B. G. Brawley) 1.25 HALF A MAN. (Mary White Ovington) 1.00 MIND OF PRIMITIVE MAN . (Franz Boas) 1.50 AFTERMATH OF SLAVERY. (William Sinclair) 1.50 JOHN BROWN. (W. E. B. Du Bois) 1.25 NEGRO IN AMERICAN HISTORY. (J. W. Cromwell) 1.25 PRINCE HALL AND HIS FOLLOWERS. (George W. Crawford) 1.00 LIBERIA. (Frederick Starr) 1.00 FACTS OF RECONSTRUCTION. (John R. Lynch) 1.50 STORY OF THE NEGRO. 2 Volumes. (Booker T. Washington) 3.00 MASTERPIECES OF NEGRO ELOQUENCE. (Alice Moore Dunbar, Editor) 2.50 POEMS OF PAUL LAURENCE DUNBAR 2.00 THE AFRICAN ABROAD. 2 Volumes. (William H. Ferris) 5.00 AFRO-AMERICAN FOLKSONGS. (H . E. Krehbiel) 2.00 OUT OF THE HOUSE OF BONDAGE. (Kelly Miller) 1.50 TH E COLORED INVENTOR. (Henry E. Baker) 15 A CHILD'S STORY OF DUNBAR. (Julia L. Henderson) 25 Address THE CRISIS 70 Fifth Avenue :: :: New York City Mention TH E Crisis