The Freewoman , made THE Freewoman A WEEKLY HUMANIST REVIEW No. 39. Vol. II. THURSDAY, AUGUST 15, 1912 Threepence [Registered at g.p.o. as a Newspaper.] Editor: DORA MARSDEN, B.A. CONTENTS Page Culture and Intellect. By Francis Grierson 241 The Atlantean. By E. H. Visiak 242 Topics of the Week: The State and Freedom 243 Strindberg—The English Gentleman. By Rebecca West 245 The Cause of Financial Panics.—II. By Arthur Kitson 246 Page Will Men Govern when Women have the Vote? By C. H. Norman 247 The New Order. Series II. I.—The New Education: Free Initiative and Lifelong Culture. By W. Allan Macdonald and Helen M. Macdonald 249 The Social Value of Women's Suffrage. By Horace Holley 251 The Disabilities of Women. By D. M. Richardson 254 Page Correspondence: Money, Capital and Interest 256 On Interest 256 Women and the Evolutionary Force 257 The Children of the State 257 More Questions 258 On the Utility of Art 258 Mr. McKenna and Forcible Feeding 258 English Prudery 259 The Problems of Celibacy 259 Illegitimacy 259 CULTURE AND INTELLECT. THE creative power of the masculine mind seems to have culminated in the making of huge fortunes by the patience and ambition that once belonged to the artist and the philosopher. In human nature there is a certain amount of creative energy, and no more, and the truth is men have expended their vitality in such a way that they have now come to the limit. Material fortunes have occupied most of the forces of the world during the past forty years, leaving spiritual things in the hands of a few persons whose influence is only felt among a small body of people. In the creation of huge fortunes men have shut out intuition and imagination. Concentration on material objects took the place of intellectual culture. Men thought of money from morning till night. At first, the wives of money-seekers were content to remain idle, wear fine clothes, and let the men exist in a world of their own making. But while they were living a life apart from that of women they were at the same time slowly preparing the way for woman's rule. While the husband was at the money mart, the wife was engaged in talk on art, literature, music, the drama, or she was busy taking part in the doings of her club, of which the husband knew nothing. While he was thinking of the rise and fall of stocks, she was thinking of how best to curb intemperance, to legislate for women and children workers in factories, and twenty other things ignored by the husband. Thus it has come about that executive power is shifting from men to women. No man can long keep up any kind of dominion founded on wealth. Money creates nothing. It can only produce conditions out of which certain elements are developed. It has never produced brains, never created a single man or woman of genius. Power is shifting from the side of men to that of women because men in politics and commerce have ceased to show any signs of that psychic vision which women are now displaying in different parts of the world, especially in America. American women have already begun to distribute the wealth amassed by some of the millionaires. I have seen the serfs freed in Russia, the negroes freed in America, and the political freedom of women in many of the leading Western States. In 1858 I witnessed the preparation for the War of Secession, and heard the Lincoln-Douglas debate, which sealed the doom of the old order, and, when living in Paris in 1869, I assisted at the last fetes of Napoleon's dying empire. Thus I saw the fall of one Empire in France and the rise of another in Germany. But of all the changes and innovations I have witnessed, the greatest is the rise to power of American women. I am old enough to remember the tidal wave of psychic power that swept over the world on the appearance of Harriet Beecher Stowe's first book. J. J. Rousseau's writings may or may not have caused the French Revolution, but Rousseau's great powers worked upon the minds of the thinking classes slowly, while "Uncle Tom's Cabin" wrought upon all classes, from the highest to the most humble, and with astounding rapidity. Women's political influence began with the Abolitionist Movement, and was closely followed by the movement for the emancipation of women, and their work in the world of intellect and will has been so regular and progressive that but few people in England realise what it is or what it means. For instance, Conservative women in England have no notion of its real history. The things discussed in Mrs. Humphry Ward's novels were discussed by American women before Mrs. Humphry Ward was born. It would enlighten that lady if she would read the history of the Women's Movement in America. English women who think that reading society novels will give them that outlook on life which is essential for vital interests to-day can have no influence on the minds of men who know the world, and what is going on in it. Just as foolish is it to take Mr. Wells' later novels as serious material for minds seeking enlightenment on any great question of life or death. Most of our men novelists write as if they were sawing wood. They seem to think a plot is an argument. They are under the illusion that great books can be written without experience. The absence of psychic vision and the want of a large worldly experience make most of their novels fall flat when it is a question of any vital intellectual movement. Cultured women see farther than intellectual men. It is their wide outlook on things which is giving them power over people who are trying to get through life on a compromise between gout and golf. Even our most frivolous society leaders are never so fatigued as men. The typical rich business man of our time is an old and tired animal at forty. The "too old at forty" cry was never raised by a woman. Miss Anna Gould has recently declared that she has remained single because she cannot find the right kind of a man for a husband. Miss Gould is a practical woman, and she is doing far more good now than she could by marrying a golf fiend, or a society poseur, or a professional politician. As a matter of fact, neurasthenia is much more common among prominent men than among prominent women, and a well-known director of a sanatorium in America is kept busy attending to his neurasthenic clients, who are all of them rich men. Most of these victims are found to be incurable, and the number of such patients is rapidly increasing; so that before long women will have to manage the business affairs of the men as well as their own. The bane of the masculine mind to-day is the narrow groove of the specialist, and one of the causes of our dreary Parliamentary platitudes is that all the pig-iron, cotton-spinning, foxhunting old fogies are picked out for titled honours. They are business specialists. A smart woman on the Woolsack would shine like a Koh-i-noor amidst 'so many figures of paste. Our business specialists, when they assume a title, are under the extraordinary delusion that their faces are as imposing as their fortunes. They suggest nothing so much as railroad grease, petroleum, and "Titanic" disasters. I believe one of the prime reasons of the opposition to women is the fear of women's culture. But what can a man know after having spent a whole lifetime turning pig-iron into steel or cotton into thread? Women are meeting men on level ground, even in the world of finance—witness the successful speculations of Hetty Green, the richest woman in America! As for science, the greatest discovery of recent years was made by Madame Cure, and the musical world will now have to reckon with the woman composer—witness the triumphs of Miss Smyth on the operatic stage. As for the fashionable wives of American millionaires, if they did not spend money freely on dress and all sorts of luxuries, that money would only be hoarded by the business husbands. I used to feel indignant when I read of the doings of these rich women, but I have come to see' things in a different light. The world, after all, is not governed by chaos, but by law, and the mystic law ordains that no one escapes payment in this world, to say nothing of what will happen in the next. The modern woman is the mystical scourge of the modern millionaire. So I see her, especially in America. Little does the rich man dream that in his palatial home his cupboard may contain a whip of scorpions, as well as a hideous skeleton. The skeleton is his money, the scorpion the woman whose love was presumed to be purchased, as he would purchase a racehorse. Women despise stupid men, and a witty wife who finds she has been merely purchased will know how to "get even" with the vulgarian who has outraged her wit, if he has not done anything else. So I say, let them "go it," and the more the merrier. Francis Grierson. THE ATLANTEAN. His look was lowly; but his shining eyes Mirrored the sea on which his spirit sailed, And cast strange influence, that other souls Stirred in this earthly slumber, thrilled in dream; But, sense-blind, turned in trance their misty sight, Gave themselves to glamour of reflection. The Atlantean said: "These sail with me In the same ship, amid sublimity. Their eyes are holden, and their ears are stopped." His face was strong beyond the strength of man's, Fairer than woman's, fairer than a child's. He might have marshalled nations, gained the world, Such power he had, and mastery to enthrall The will, and sway as one a multitude: Only the blind aspire to lead the blind. His ship sailed for Atlantis of the Blest. None saw the glory; for her set sails flashed, Dazzling the sun to pitchy darkness. E. H. VlSIAK. TOPICS OF THE WEEK. The State and Freedom. IT would be difficult to find any fifty years in English history which have been so potent to reveal the nature of government as have the six years since the General Election of 1906. Political fetish after political fetish has exploded, and the common man is coming to believe that politics is the region of untried experiments, and that, moreover, experiments in human affairs are dangerous things to try. At the same time, while he is concluding that politics are humbug, and that the State is a myth, he is pinning his last hopes to the party which holds the State as everything and politics nature's own. Matters have worked to anticlimax. Contradictory theories are rubbing shoulders together, and with one voice asking for a like solution. Like theories are at each other's throats, and demanding solutions poles apart. If ever there was a moment in English political history when clear thinking was urgent, that moment is now. If the forces which call themselves "progressive" are not to be scattered in impotent contrariety and confusion, a definite idea of the tendency of progress must be found. Individualist, communist, capitalist, liberal and labour man (poor beast!), uniting together to make common cause, make inevitable the anti-climax which 1912 presents to 1906. Understanding and a little sharp thinking might make the situation clear. If we examine it, we find three main elements: the existing regime, against the badness of which there is raised no disclaiming voice; opposed to the existing regime there are two ideals, the mere setting out towards either of which would have the merit of leaving existent conditions behind. The one ideal is that of a Perfectly-conditioned State; the other is that of a Perfectly-conditioned Individual. The mistake of the sincere "progressives " in England has been to imagine that these two ideals are one, and no small amount of sophistry has been used to prove them one. The result has been that the advocates of the second ideal have for a good century lent their energies to further the first, and wakened to reality to find their own ideal nowhere. They promptly raise the alarm, sincere if belated. "Servile State" is their indictment—none too happy a description. For, to be accurate, it is not the State which, under this conception of human affairs, is going to be Servile. It is very clearly to be the State Almighty. A Servile People is nearer the mark— that is, one servile, obedient, negligible little individual added to another servile, obedient, negligible little individual, and so on, and so on, until we get the sum total of servile, obedient, negligible little individuals united together under the Mighty AEgis of the State. There can be no least shadow of a doubt about the matter. Individual autonomy is disappearing at such a rate that in fifty years we shall be a people in chains. The State is going to regulate who shall be born, whether we are fit to live in the community when we are born, and whether we shall reproduce our kind; the State regulates our education, our status, and our work; the State is going to settle our wages; and will clap us in its prisons if we refuse to accept them, and will shut us up in segregation-wards if we refuse to work; it is going to doctor us when we are sick, and keep us when we are old (that is, if we leap the hurdles put in the way of our living when we are young). It is going to take the land and the "instruments of production"; that is, it is going to hold the pass to life. Holding these, the means of life to all, at its disposal, it naturally exercises the lesser sway over initial entry into and departure from life. If segregation is not sufficient, the lethal chamber will shortly be at its disposal. We are a happy little people, and yet as nothing compared with that we shall be. What a happy land is England, all kept so nice and tidy by the police and law! Jolly little people, saved from the temptation of going wrong by a legal compulsion to go right; kept safely from the cradle (and before) to the grave by the almighty, beneficent State—that is, by the politicians (paid) to make the laws; by the judges (paid) to administer the laws; by the policemen (paid) to execute the laws; by the gaolers, segre-gators, hangsmen, and all that mighty body of clerks (paid), who embody the majesty of the law, and compel respect for the State. The thing becomes increasingly clear. We have arrived at the parting of the ways. If the battle of opinion be waged now between the communists, collectivists, statists, on the one hand, and the individualists, on the other, between the parliamentarians and the libertarians, it will save a harsh battle, maybe waged in another sort, later. In any case, it is high time the individualists found their tongue, with their defence and creed, and the spirit to fight for their own. Individualistic thought in England has made but a poor stand. Timid, and apologising itself out of existence, it has left the field clear to the collectivists and communists. The early hold which the mechanistic theory laid on England has affected its very vitals. The stunted individualism of the Manchester School, too timid to trust its own creed, is all that the English seem able to comprehend of individualism. Anarchism has produced no great exponent in England since Godwin. To an Englishman anarchism means bombs, and— communism, of all things! It has never occurred to him that it means nothing if not a belief in his own soul. And this is where we have arrived at the present time. We are faced not only with the problem of ridding ourselves of capitalist control. We have to dodge the proffered alternative, that of State control. We stand between the Devil and the Deep Sea. There can be no more common ground between State Socialists and Individualists than there can be between Capitalists and Individualists. The temperament of the State Socialist is complementary to that of the Capitalist. He thinks his own soul, his own individuality, his own free-will is of little account; the Capitalist thinks the same. The State thinks the same. The Individualist thinks differently. He thinks his own individuality is of supreme importance—to him. By dint of imagination he realises that, with a better sort of neighbour, his neighbour's individuality will be of supreme importance to him. But that is his neighbour's affair. The first duty of man is towards himself, and, therefore, his paramount responsibility is to gain such conditions that no other will shall be able to come between him and his power to realise his own will. Any effort directed towards the restoration of freewill to man has, therefore, to bear in mind the nature of man. We have already pointed out that man is the animal with tools. The man bereft of tools is barely a man. A poor man is not a man. A wage-slave is not a man. He has slipped back on the sub-human level. And, moreover, because man is unable, unlike Mahomet's coffin, to remain suspended in air, without means of support, he is helpless when divorced from the land. Each man and woman, therefore, must have free access to land. Given that, they will create their tools. It is quite clear to what conception of society this belief in the fundamental necessity for free-will in man leads us. It leads back to the land. Back to freedom. Away back from the petrifying noise and ugliness of the towns. Back from the great factory. Back from machinery. Agriculture is the basis of free society, and, as long as men have bodies, it must remain so. If a man must have, above all other necessities, food, shelter, and clothing, then it is the sale of birthright to hand over control of these to others. This is the solution of the difficulty of the wage-slave. Wages—and it matters little what we call wages—imply an immoral bargain. They imply the sale of a man's self to another for pay. There will have to arise the same fastidiousness in respect of the loaning-out for hire of a man's or a woman's working capacities, as there is already regarding the loaning-out of a woman's sexual capacities. It is the same thing in kind—prostitution in both cases. The two things differ only in degree. The capacities of a human being cannot be let out on hire, beyond the control of the human being to whom they belong. If a law of necessity exists which tends towards such hiring out, then that law has to be examined in the light of the destiny and dignity of human life, and ways and means have to be taken to break through it. For it defeats the purpose of man. It is a consideration such as this which has to be brought to the inquiry into the merits of the industrial system—and this, apart from all considerations of capitalist exploitation. Industrialism itself requires examination. Machine-production must be brought to the bar of human development and answer for itself. Does it tend to make man greater? Does it develop his faculties or quicken his divination of the soul of things? Does it make him more an artist, or does it make him less? Does it increase beauty, or does it destroy it? For the main question for humanity is not whether man has more. The supreme question is whether man is more—greater in himself. It is not a question of possessions. It is a question of capacity. In the face of such an examination, the machine system would have no defence. For it is to be noted that we do not speak of machines. Mechanical contrivance has done much to assist man, and has given him considerable insight into the material side of things. A mechanical appliance, specially devised to serve a man, to assist what he designs individually, is a most valuable thing, of high worth, as his servant. But in the machine-system, that is, the industrial-system, the factory-system, the machine is master. The man serves the machine. His work is to tend it. The supreme contempt that the factory-system has for men! The Luddites were, indeed, prescient people, and resented the human insult. They lived to see the insult grow, in spite of their efforts. All the faculties of men contemned for the sake of machines! Their ears offended with its clang and clank, their eyes with its ugliness, their nostrils with its stench, their souls crushed under its uniformity. When, therefore, men turn to seek freedom in the Normal Social life, as Mr. Wells designated the life of man in its natural setting (he designated it so to criticise it, not to bless, unhappily), they will take with them the machine as a Servant. The reign of the machine as Master has been brief. But it has been absolute, and its cruelty has been in proportion. It has broken in the spirit of man; made him not merely serf, but a willing serf. It has left as the task of this generation the work of reviving in man the sense of his own greatness, the comprehension of his destiny, the restoring of imperiousness to the voice of his own soul. If there is religion in the land, we need it now; not empty phrases, worn-out creeds, but affirmations of man's immortal soul—of God, no less. For the immorality of the oppression of the poor means just this, that it is the oppression of the God in man. This lack of beauty in life which is reflected in the faces of men is just the obliteration of the image of God, in which man was created. It is the effacing of that intuitive knowledge of his higher existence. No wonder men shrink from believing that they bear the God within them, when they find themselves forced to become the bought slaves of machines! There is little to make them believe the earth is their footstool! Well, then, when all things appear in chaos, it behoves us to seek guidance at the source of things—in the nature of man himself. A knowledge of what he is elementally, and what he needs of necessity, will be the only sure guide among such diverse outpouring of tongues. Ideas of society must be based on religion, and for religion there is this to be said: it is always individual. Any truly religious society of itself generates a true, individual morality. Only, however, when religion is self-conscious, aware of its own requirements, does it of necessity create a social morality. Now, we have got not merely a religion, but a self-conscious religion. We are, therefore, sure of our morality, individually and socially. Individually, therefore, morality forbids the letting out of the will into bondage: either into the bondage of external personal force, or the bondage of internal sensual desire. Socially, morality forbids interference with the free-will of another, or the making of arrangements which will tend to negate the free-will of another. Such a morality will alike make impossible the exploitations of Capitalism and the paternalism of a State socialism. Strindberg The English Gentleman.* WRITERS on the subject of August Strindberg have hitherto omitted to mention that he could not write. His vain face, with the hot, angry eyes, the little lustful mouth, the rumpled forehead, and sharp, peevish chin, proclaims that he had neither the strength nor the humour to become an artist. The following moving quotation conveys his literary atmosphere: "In the course of the evening I recited Longfellow's 'Excelsior' to her. Genuinely touched by this beautiful poem, I fixed my eyes on her, and as if she were hypnotised her face reflected every shade of feeling expressed on my own. She had the appearance of an ecstatic, a seer." His economics are the crudities of the British Socialist Party, delivered with the languor of the Fabian Society. His religion has the wistful ingenuity of theological speculations carried on in bed by a tired child: he believes this earth to be a hell, in which we suffer for former sins, and from which we struggle to rise to salvation. One very blatant defect in his plays is the lifelessness of the minor characters, which contrasts with Ibsen's vivid realisation of his smallest parts. The engineer in "Little Eyolf," and little Hilda Wangel in "The Lady from the Sea," live as intensely as Rita Allmers or the Man from the Sea. In Strindberg's greatest play, "The Father," besides himself and his wife, there is not one living character. Various puppets come on and give information with the accuracy and curtness of Bradshaw, even the little girl over which Strindberg and his wife quarrel till he goes mad speaks like an automaton. But, of course, Strindberg's plays are bad by necessity of his style: one cannot create great drama out of ugly phrases. He tries to paint the battles of emotion between nobility and sensuality, and one cannot paint strong emotions as ugly, because only weakness is ugly. Because he failed to realise this, his plays are unspeakably horrible. His confession is not beautiful and purifying, like the confession of Sir Aglovale de Galis. One feels humiliated and degraded as one would feel in some sordid chapel when the minister confessed to the congregation that he had long been a secret drinker. It is necessary to insist on this, because, although Strindberg must be studied in England, it would be disastrous if he became an artistic influence. That kind of brutality comes so easy to Teutons that it would spread quickly. It must be recognised that the value of his works is purely moral and not artistic. Strindberg, who was neither a good nor a wise man, had a stroke of luck. He went mad. He lost the power of inhibition. Evervthing down to the pettiest suspicion that the dog had been given the leanest mutton chop, poured out of his lips. Men of his weakness and sensuality are usually, from their sheer brutishness, unable to express themselves. But Strindberg was mad and articulate. That is what makes him immortal. "The Confession of a Fool" is the triumph of his articulateness. It is the story of his first marriage. At the age of twenty-six, when he was * "The Confession of a Fool." By August Strindberg. (Stephen Swift and Co. 6s.) "Plays." By August Strindberg. (Duckworth and Co. 6s.) a poverty-stricken Court librarian, he met a middle-aged Baron of gross life and his Baroness, a beautiful and refined Madonna, who yearned for the stage. Gradually the Baroness and the young librarian become lovers. Finally, as the Baron has a liaison with a younger woman, he agrees to divorce her. For some months they live in an illicit relationship. Now that she is released from the restraint of her social position, she shows clearly that she is a woman of evil disposition; she has a taste for strong drink and light love. But, bestially infatuated by her physical charm, he is still her lover. He forces her to bear a child, whom he legitimatises by marrying her. After that he perceives her vices to be as the sands of the sea. She becomes a drunkard and an adulteress; she is dirty in her personal habits and financially dishonest. She loves the company of rakes and prostitutes, and develops the blackest perversities. But for ten years he not only submits to, but insists on the embraces of this unpenalised member of the criminal classes; he makes her the mother of his children. They persist in this offensive marriage for ten years, after which time they consented to a divorce. The main fact of Life which he grasped in the clairvoyance granted him by this appalling experience is that Love is a miracle. It is the only miracle that ever happened. It is the only successful alchemy, since it transfuses the untransfusable. That Loves makes two persons become one is the only pledge we have that the religious passion, the desire of the individual to become the universe, is not an illusion. The ecstasy of Love is impermanent, like the ecstasy of Art. It is only rarely that the sculptor feels at one with his marble or the poet becomes his poem. The ecstasy is so tremendous that Life could not endure its permanence. Besides, differences of experience mould each soul so different from all others that each one knows itself an Ishmaelite and fears its brother. They may be united for a minute, but for eternity they are divorced by their differences of temperament. As Yeats says, far more forcibly than Strindberg could ever say anything, because he uses beautiful language:— "I think that all deep passion is but a kiss In the mid-battle, and a difficult peace 'Twixt oil and water, candles and dark flight, Hillside and hollow, the hot-footed moon, And the cold, sliding, slippery-footed moon; A brief forgiveness between opposites, That have been hatreds for three times the age Of this long 'stablished ground." It would be difficult to credit it, but Strindberg actually rebels against the impermanence of Love. He is perpetually crying out because after Love has gone there comes Hatred. It does not if the lovers turn to the contemplation of either of the two other impermanent good things of the earth—Art and Childhood; but it does if the lovers are sensual persons infatuated with the pleasure of sex. Strindberg's style is so grossly material that the mind refuses to recognise the perception of a spiritual truth as the cause of his agony, and seeks for a material explanation. Europe has found that material explanation in his madness, and thereby has not enjoyed the value of his confessions. His lack of inhibition made him reveal his psychology with insane frankness. But his psychology was quite sane. It was that of the ordinary English gentleman. To show how like an English gentleman Strindberg was, we may take a few examples of the effect of passion on him. "Taciturn, morose, not at all pretty, the Baroness left the conversation entirely to me, and since she made no replies, it soon degenerated into a monologue. ... All at once my eyes, travelling round the room, were arrested by a display of her ankles underneath the tablecloth. i beheld her finely shaped calf, clothed in a white stocking; a gaily embroidered garter belted that charming muscle, which turns a man's head because it stimulates his imagination and tempts him to the construction of the whole of the remaining form. ... At the time i took it for an accident, but later on i learned that a woman is always conscious of being looked at when she exhibits more than her ankles." Passages such as these require some fortitude in the reading and a constant reminder to oneself that Strindberg really is a European thinker. A little later on they have a quarrel on the gravest grounds, in which he lets loose a torrent of moral indignation on the poor little wretch's head. "All at once, with a word of apology, she put her two feet on the cushioned seat, pretending to be worn out with fatigue. Her languid glances, her tears had left me unmoved; i had kept my head, my strength of purpose, in spite of her fallacious logic. Now everything collapsed. i beheld her adorable boot, a tiny piece of her stocking." One understands at last, looking downwards, what Anti-Suffragists mean by "indirect influence." There are two sixpenny periodicals, called The Sketch and The Tatler, which have a similar preoccupation with women's ankles. They have photographs of actresses lifting their skirts in a determinedly provocative manner or matronly Spanish dancers paddling at Ostend. These periodicals are widely read by English gentlemen. One suddenly understands why. Since the publication of Sir Almroth Wright's letter, we have known that men were swine. Now we know that they are asses. Another anti-feminist publication, and no woman will ever think of loving a man again. Rebecca West. (To be continued?) The Cause of Financial Panics. ii. UNDER our present system dollars and pounds are commodities, and are influenced by the laws of supply and demand. When the supply of dollars is constant and the demand increases, the purchasing power of dollars increases, and vice versa. When the supply of dollars is diminished by hoarding or by "cornering" gold, the purchasing power of dollars increases. Now, money, being a species of credit, the artificial restriction of the supply of money naturally tends to bring into use personal credit. The natural wants of mankind are not to be suppressed or confined by any artificial restriction, such as a "specie basis," or a "legal tender" Act; hence, through the limitation of that which should be unrestricted, a substitute is adopted and "enormous amounts of credits are piled up." The effect of this substitute is the same as an increase in the volume of money, and its tendency is to lessen its purchasing power. Further, the destruction of credit, which occurs every now and again, is precisely similar in its effects to the destruction or the "cornering" of money, the purchasing power of which instantly rises. The result is analogous to that which would occur by discovering a substitute for any commodity. The destruction of credit is similar in its effect to dumping into the ocean so much coin. The contraction of credits of three thousand millions of dollars is as disastrous to commerce and industry as the loss of that amount of money! Statesmen worry when gold leaves the country, but regard the contraction of credits with but little anxiety. The great concern of Governments appears to be to facilitate the importation of gold in order to increase the volume of currency; but they are stupidly unconcerned when that which fills its place, and which is, after all, the main factor in facilitating exchange, is reduced or impaired. It will be convenient at this place to point out the manner in which personal credit, although apparently a competitor with money, is made "its partner and associate in crime." We have seen the effect of variation in supply and demand upon values. The greater the demand and the more restricted the supply, the greater the purchasing power of any commodity. The objects sought after in trade are, therefore, these two, viz.: 1st. To create a demand for a commodity. 2nd. To control its supply. Now, decreasing the supply of a thing when demand is constant has the same effect upon its purchasing power as increasing the demand when the supply is constant, and vice versa. But if the demand can be increased and the supply suddenly decreased, the effect is enormously augmented. For instance, suppose the demand for an article, at one time, to be represented by 100, the supply being also 100; and suppose by means of an artificial substitute, demand and supply be increased to 10,ooo. Now, by suddenly cutting off the artificial substitute, the supply is at once knocked down to 1oo, the demand still remaining at 1o,ooo. The appreciation in the purchasing power of that commodity can be better imagined than described! This is precisely the effect of credit upon money. Credit is the artificial substitute for money. (I of course refer now entirely to our present monetary system. Under a scientific system, money and credit would be synonymous.) The demand for money is always far in excess of the supply; hence, its substitute is called into existence, the first and immediate result of which is to lessen the demand for money. Interest is less, prices are raised, and the effect similar to that of one competing commodity with another. But the commodity merchant always regards his competitor jealously and with impatience. He is ever ready to place obstacles in his path. Not so the commodity money merchant; he looks ahead. He will even assist in "the piling up of these vast amounts of credit," notwithstanding that his interest is temporarily cut down by doing so. So long as these credits are built upon the specie basis, he knows that, as surely as the sun rises, they can be swept out of existence as completely as if they had never existed. The greater their amount the greater the disproportion between the actual supply and the money demand, and consequently the greater the harvest will the money merchant reap when the crash comes. These credits, being redeemable in specie, are found too enormous for redemption. There is not enough specie in the world to redeem them with. And now the operation of driving the camel through the eye of the needle begins. All that does not pass through the needle's eye falls into the hands of the drivers. The makers of credit find themselves in the position of the Israelites, who were compelled to make bricks without straw. They are driven to despair. The holders of specie carefully put it under lock and key, thereby increasing an already enormous deficiencv. The demand remaining what it was when credits were in existence, the supply is cut down to less than that existing before the substitute was created. The effect of credit is, therefore, to greatly increase the purchasing -power of money whenever credit is shaken. Credit is the fertiliser that serves to ripen the fruit which the money monopolists shake into their own hats. It produces a harvest which money alone could never produce. Credit changes the value of the denominator to an enormously greater degree than specie could possibly do. Take the credits of Great Britain, estimated at from five to six thousand millions of pounds, whilst the legal tender in circulation is only about 120 million pounds. Supposing that only 1o per cent, of the credit is redeemable in money. There are then 6oo million pounds of credit, and but 120 million pounds, or one-fifth the amount required, to redeem it. Now, so long as credit is unassailed and remains intact, everything works smoothly. Credits are redeemed with credits, extensions given, and a small amount of money serves to do a vast amount of work by circulating rapidly and by making credits redeemable at different times. But let the public confidence once become shaken, or fear become general through some cause, no matter how trivial, and there is an immediate desire to have credits redeemed. Instead of redeeming them with credits, or granting extensions, every creditor insists upon cash redemption. The demand for money, heretofore satisfied with credit, is now centred on gold, and will be satisfied with nothing else. Gold rises enormously; multitudes of persons are obliged to sell their goods at a sacrifice. Down come prices. Industry is paralysed, and Parliamentary and Congressional committees are appointed to inquire into the causes of the disaster. Those whose system is the cause of all the trouble are consulted. With learned ignorance they propound such theories as "over-production," "overtrading," "abuse of credit," "State-bank currency," " reduction of the tariff." Their theories are seriously considered and acted upon. The country pulls itself together, and once more commences its Sisyphean task of building another gigantic pyramid with its apex for a base. Such, in brief, is a synopsis of the financial panics that periodically afflict the world, and which have puzzled legislators for the past two centuries, as completely as Haley's comet puzzled Popes Callixtus and Pius II. Such results are wholly attributable to building industry upon an insufficient and false foundation. Panics are not the results of "over-production," nor of "over-trading," nor of the "abuse of credit." Panics arise because the gold basis is too narrow and too contracted on which to build the world's industries. The building becomes top heavy. It is pushed into a position of unstable equilibrium by those who control the base, and down it comes. To say that there is general over-production or overtrading is to say that people have more than they want, and that they are trading for amusement. Human wants are the cause of trading, and, because of the insufficient supply of the medium of exchange, men are actually compelled to make industry top heavy and unstable. I have shown that money is, from the scientific standpoint, circulating credit, and credits that are not circulating are termed stationary credits. Now, the channel of circulation is filled with these forms of credit, and, in order that trade and commerce should be facilitated, it is essential that the material with which the channel is filled be kept in circulation. Like blood in the human body, it must circulate freely and unhindered to keep trade in a healthy condition. The effect of legislation restricting monetary issues, by taxation or otherwise, is to increase the amount of that class of credit which may be termed sluggish or stationary. It is circulated slowly and with difficulty. The demand for money being greater than the supply, recourse is had naturally to the medium of personal credits, which are essentially sluggish. Hence the channel of circulation becomes choked, and circulation is hampered or entirely stopped. We have thus a further illustration of legislation defeating its own ends. Ostensibly, legal tender acts and specie bases are for the protection of society; to provide the people with what the newspapers are fond of terming "honest" money. In suppressing State and private bank issues by taxation the Government compels society to have recourse to a system of credit far more precarious than any State or private bank systems that ever existed. The loss occasioned by a sudden shrinkage of public credit results in much greater evil and misery than any mere over-issues of bank-notes would produce. The end to be sought by those who would prevent a repetition of the financial and monetary disasters of the past is to free money from the artificial and burdensome restraints with which it is encompassed; to allow the people to attend to and satisfy their own wants in regard to money as with everything else. The more plentiful the money supply, the less a baseless credit system will be used, until, with an adequate supply, the system finally disappears. The solution is not to make the industrial and commercial structure less bulky, but to broaden the foundation; to make the base proportional to the edifice. To use our former illustration, we must stand the pyramid on its base if we would make it stable. Those who control the apex may then do their worst; they can never overturn business. Commerce thus assumes its rightful position and becomes absolutely safe. ARTHUR KlTSON Reprinted from " The Money Question," by kind permission of Mr. Arthur Kitson. Will Men Govern when Women have the Vote? THE one attractive feature about women suffrage is that it is a revolutionary change; but even revolutionary changes, to be useful to the progress of the world, must have some basis in reason. As a matter of democratic form, they should be submitted to the country. Women suffrage has never been submitted as a defined issue to the country. The disinclination of the Suffragists to submit their case to a direct referendum of men and women is due to the circumstance that there is no real electoral majority for the proposal. Moreover, there never has been a majority of the House of Commons in favour of women suffrage; but merely a majority of those present and voting in the House of Commons. The relative economic position of men and women should be briefly touched upon. Men are compelled by law, under pain of imprisonment, to support their wives. There is no similar legal liability upon women. Capt. Haines, the Governor of Brixton Prison, gave some interesting testimony on this point before the Select Committee on Imprisonment for Debt. He took 21st May, 1908, as a typical day in enumerating the number of persons incarcerated in Brixton Gaol under debt committal orders. On that date, there were 138 such prisoners, of whom 38 were men imprisoned under orders for wife maintenance. These figures show the seventy of the legal remedies which a wife has against a defaulting husband. Over 25 per cent, of the prisoners committed for debt were husbands; so that the reality of legal disabilities upon married men cannot be seriously disputed. The grave position under "man-made law" of any husband who has a vindictive wife has been shown by the case of Rex v. Richardson and others, reported in The Times Law Reports, 13th July, 1909. The case was excellently summarised in a letter of Messrs. Young, Son and Ward to the Home Secretary: "We venture to bring to your notice the following circumstances connected with a matter in which we have acted professionally. On the 1st November, 1898, Charles Edward Sherry was adjudged by the Penge Justices to have been guilty of cruelty towards his wife, and an order for separation was made, our client being directed to pay to his wife the sum of 20s a week. On the 11th October, 19o8; our client was arrested for nonpayment of arrears of alimony, amounting to £515 —'being 515 weekly payments which were alleged to have accrued since the date of the order before mentioned to the date of his arrest. . . . Our client contended that under a certain deed which had been executed shortly after the order for separation, his wife had received certain benefits, and that, in fact, she had received a sum largely in excess of the amount payable under the order. The Justices did not give effect to our contention, and ordered our client either to pay the sum directed, or go to prison for three months." It should be explained here that the husband's advisers attempted to put in a deed, between husband and wife, compounding the order for alimony in consideration of the transfer of a business. Counsel for the wife resisted the putting in of this deed, contending that, as it was a deed between husband and wife, no evidence of consideration could be tendered. This technical caveat was upheld, and the Justices declined to admit the deed 24 evidence of a compounding of the alimony order. The solicitors' letter Continued: "Our client; who is a seafaring man, was at the time employed as a cook on board ship, and he surrendered to his bail on 2nd March, 1909, when a summons which we had previously issued, was heard asking for a reduction of the alimony. We then pointed out to the Justices that the amount of the alimony, in any event, should be reduced while our client should be in person. The Justices refused our application, and the defendant was committed to prison. During the term of his imprisonment it was quite impossible for Sherry to make any payment, and shortly before his term expired he was served with a summons for failing to pay the sum of £2 8s. 6d. costs of the proceedings before the Justices. Sherry left Brixton Prison, and he was then arrested on a warrant for payment of £12 arrears of maintenance, which had accrued while he was in prison. . . . The bench committed the defendant to prison for six weeks, although he offered to pay the amount by instalments if the bench would give him time. On the summons for payment of costs amounting to £2 8s. 6d., the defendant was also committed to prison for fourteen days. We are not now acting professionally in this matter, but we consider it our duty to lay the facts before you, inasmuch as they amount to what we respectfully suggest is nothing less than a public scandal. While the defendant is in prison his earning power will be again suspended, and when his time shall expire, he will doubtless be rearrested. That this course is contemplated is clearly shown by the enclosed copy letter which has been sent to a relative of the defendant. Apparently, therefore, the defendant will remain in prison for the rest of his natural life at the dictation of his wife." The letter referred to by Messrs. Young as written by the solicitors for the wife, wound up thus: "We need hardly add that at the end of the present term we shall reluctantly be compelled to repeat these steps." A habeas corpus was moved for in the King's Bench, but it was refused, the judges being of opinion that the law of England enabled a wife to carry on such proceedings as these against her husband ad infinitum. The headnote of the report represents the lengths to which the law has been pushed for the protection of married women: "When an order has been made under the Summary Jurisdiction (married women) Act, 1895 that a husband should pay a weekly sum to his wife, such order-may be enforced by an order of imprisonment in default of sufficient distress, without proof that the husband had the means to pay the sum in respect, of which he has made default." This case has been dwelt upon at some length, to meet, the false agitation founded on the alleged oppressive character, so far as women are concerned, of "man-made laws." Is it surprising that women's complaints of unfair laws are greeted With a smile of incredulity in legal circles? The mind of the most advanced sex-biassed woman could hardly have conceived a harsher process than the one devised by a male Parliament for the protection of married women. Lastly, the industrial relations between men and women should be briefly considered. Of recent years, the industrial world has witnessed a steady accentuation of the economic competition between men and women. Women's labour has the great economic advantage of cheapness, and, considering the state of the law as cited above, this growing economic competition is inflicting serious hardships upon married men. The passage of a Woman Suffrage Bill might enable women to withstand, with some success, owing to the complexity of the issues, any effort to ease or modify the strain on married men. Female labour, in the competitive market, is cheap or "blackleg" labour. Mr. Ramsay Macdonald, in his excellent work on "Women in the Printing Trades," has incorporated in a note on page 47 some striking figures: "In Edinburgh, women's piece rates for composing average about two-thirds those of men. At Warrington, women do machine-ruling for prices ranging from 15 s. to 20s., whilst men are paid 32s. for the same work. A Manchester employer estimated that a woman was two-thirds as valuable in a printer's and stationer's warehouse as a man, and she was paid 15s. or 20s. to his 33s." On page 46 the same tendency is noted: "Women were introduced into Warrington newspaper offices early in the decade beginning with 1880 . . . .The women compositors are paid one-third of the men's rate. Here it wars definitely stated that the cheapness of women's labour made it unnecessary to introduce linotypes." On page 50 the advantages of the woman worker' from the employer's point of view are set out: "(1) That she will accept low wages; she usually works for about half the men's wages. (2) That she is not a member of a union, and is, therefore, more amenable to the will of the employer as the absolute ruler of the workshop." The rate of male wages is based upon a family standard of life, aided by the economic combination of the men in their trade unions. The rate of female wages is roughly calculated on the assumption that the worker has only herself to support Women have comparatively little aid in the industrial conflict from the collective bargaining of the Trade Unions, as not many women workers are members of a Trade Union. Undoubtedly great hardships flow from this economic standard, which is the price of their employment, and has been imposed upon women by economic tradition. This is the position. There is a heavy (and necessary) legal maintenance burden cast upon men to maintain their wives. There is an excess of women over men, which, under a system of mono-gamic marriage, is driving more and more women into the labour market. The more women enter into economic competition with men, the more are the depressing factors in men's wages increased. This has created the evil of married women workers, as wives are forced into the labour market by the reduction of their husbands' wages, or the unemployment of their husbands consequent upon the cheaper competition of unmarried women. Thus, more and more women are throwing themselves into the industrial anarchy, and, proportionately, as that process goes on, the wages of men are being slowly reduced and male workers prevented from securing the legitimate rise which should have followed the increases in the price of food and drink. This competition between men and women is one never-mentioned factor which is at the bottom of the economic chaos of to-day. These are some of the reasons why one revolutionist has observed with amazement the unbalanced attitude of the Socialist and Labour parties towards women suffrage. He, at any rate, does conscientiously believe that the duty and interest of every Englishman and Scotsman is to resist this threatened swamping of the male democracy by the sex of privilege, because the consequences of such a policy could only be averted by a most disastrous civil conflict in the future. C. H. Norman. The New Order. SERIES II. I—THE NEW EDUCATION: FREE INITIATIVE AND LIFE-LONG CULTURE. I.—"New Maids for Old: Free Women in Marriage and Out." III.—"The New Hygiene: Natural Health versus Economic Wealth." IV.—" The New Religion: Cosmic Harmony in Human Conduct." I.—"Children of a Larger Growth." IN no field of social effort have the seeds of revolution been more ardently sown, or the fertilisers of various kinds of change more boldly applied, than in the world of Education. From the days of Pestalozzi and Froebel down to the establishment of the latest Montessori centre, where the teacher is expected rather study the child, than the child to study under the teacher, the same idea has been seen struggling to find vent, the same revolt everywhere throughout the Western world against the stifling of the child's spontaneous freedom of variation by the workings of a cast-iron system transmitted from the past. Reformers have been largely handicapped, however, by the old persistent error which drew a mistaken line between the years of education and the rest of life, the legal fiction that at a certain magical moment, the so-called coming of age, the human being enters a region of spontaneous and responsible action heretofore outside his purview altogether. Many besides Pestalozzi and Shelley have asked themselves how privileges thus suddenly acquired can be sensibly or beneficially exercised, and, conversely, why the human race should be deprived of the outflowering of those early and unspoiled efforts of the child to enact its fresh impressions, those flashes of young insight which, as Wordsworth saw, may prove to be "the master-light of all our seeing." The effect of this continual sacrifice of the present to the past has been to rivet the chains of previous habit, and to enslave the mass of mankind to the irksome bondage of industrial and commercial routine. To such a pitch had we come in the last century that a noted educationalist and poet of the time, Matthew Arnold, wrote:— "For most men in a brazen prison live, Where 'neath the sun's hot eye Their heads bent o'er their toil they ceaselessly Their lives to some unmeaning taskwork give, Dreaming of naught beyond their prison wall." The habit of performing "unmeaning taskwork," so early acquired in childhood, is never shaken off in later life. Under the inspiration of the New Order, its enactors seek to avert these results by regarding the education problem as a whole "from the womb to the tomb." The child lives and moves and has its being in an atmosphere where freedom of initiative is held in respect and limited only by the requirements of fair play all round. By this method a growing sense of responsibility is acquired, since it is a natural human instinct, even in the young, to accept responsibility for the results of action freely taken. By the New Order training which gradually equips the child for the production of its own food supply, on the other hand, there is more and more fully developed, as manhood approaches, that wider sense of responsibility which recognises what is due from the individual on account of his relation to the whole human race, of which he is a part. Previous Tracts in these series have shown how these two principles are safeguarded for adults by the interaction of security in the subsistence minimum—expressed in land areas—for all who live, with unfettered freedom of exchange for all who produce. By the allied land and money systems, which co-ordinate these two fundamental characteristics of a truly social life, the New Order sets out to secure the fullest possible measure of spontaneity and self-direction. Surrounded as we are by the contrast of existing institutions surviving from the era of dominance, relics of the rule of class by class, sex by sex, people by priests, the have-nots by the haves, New Order groups must work like the little leaven which leavens the whole lump, nor need any be discouraged if so great a change, whereby the human type emerges into the air and sunlight of freedom, setting in action the play of natural fellowship and spontaneous mutual aid, should be slow of accomplishment and faced by obstacles of many kinds; yet the forces of youth and futurity are with the New Order, and if the fundamental principle be adhered to nature is always and everywhere true to her own logic. II.—Revolution in Outlook. Emerging from the fetters of discipline, education is also released from the system of grading according to occupation, or class, or sex, or economic importance. Subject to the one universal rule, that every member of the New Order is trained from childhood to the performance of the minimum details connected with his own primary needs, the only recognised guide in education is found in considerations of human development, nor need any necessarily continue to follow an occupation after mastering its essentials, both scientific and practical, so long as he can find scope, in free organisation, of some kind elsewhere. The one paramount occupation, in fact, is the production and perfecting of men and women, and the output of material accessories, however ingenious, will no longer be permitted to engross, as they do now, the whole working activities of a majority of the people. Educators in the New Order will not lose sight of the need for implanting desirable habits in the young, but such habits must subserve the fundamental ends of life, and the adoption of narrow grooves of thought and action, or the mere reiteration of the dictates of unthinking custom, cannot be allowed to become, as too often now, the autocrats of the mind and consequent arbiter of the fates of men. The argument of the previous chapter has brought us up against one of the most startling paradoxes of the old order. The coming of age, which sets the human adult theoretically free to follow his own bent in life, or seek such fields of work as he may deem best suited to his all-round development, finds him or her in the vast majority of cases bound within strict limits of necessity to secure a speedy foothold amid the industrial, commercial, or professional struggle going on all round, and that foothold, as a rule, once secured he dare not quit, lest he should fail to find another in the social chaos of to-day. Thus it happens—thanks to the zeal of educational reformers—that the child, even in the disciplinary stages of his school life, has a better chance of safeguarding his development than the so-called free adult who has his means of life to obtain. Even the privileged or possessing classes, moving in the seeming artificial freedom which money induces, still fail to secure continuity of spontaneous development, sometimes through the delusion that they have completed their education, sometimes through the contagion of specialisation which they catch from the machine-ridden industrial world. Here the fact must be brought into strong relief once more that the basic condition or ruling principle of the New Order—that which secures to each the subsistence minimum in terms of land areas—revolutionises the whole outlook for the education of the race precisely by putting an end to that life and death struggle with his fellows for a foothold, which the wage system inexorably and inevitably implies. The thoughtful educationalist already quoted once wrote to a revolutionary friend:— " Nor shall the day dawn at a human nod, When, breaking through the. barriers superposed By selfish occupation, plot, and plan, Lust, avarice, envy—liberated man, All difference with his fellow mortal closed, Shall be left standing face to face with God." The New Order itself is the outcome of earnest and persistent determination to put an end to that "difference with his fellow mortal" which Matthew Arnold saw &gt;but could not solve. To conclude, as he did, that the iron hand of necessity intervenes between the revolutionist and his heart's desire, would be to hold that the money system fell like a thunderbolt from heaven, or sprang ready armed like Minerva from the brain of Jupiter. So far as the "human nod" is concerned, not even an Act of Parliament, nor many such, can ensure the establishment of the New Order. Only the will to adhere resolutely to conditions which guarantee fair play between man and man can do this, coupled with the recognition that there is a law of correspondence between man and his natural environment with which he must come into conscious harmony. Given these, the consummation of social peace and progress can only be a matter of time. Thus, with the initiation of the New Order man enters into the freedom of life-long devotion to his own higher development—i.e.. education "in its highest and widest sense (or, as religious folk would phrase it, freedom to pursue the will of God on earth)—by the substitution of security of living and freedom of exchange for the chaotic struggle for life as it obtains to-day. When by continued practice the new sense becomes automatic among men, even such systematic safeguards as the New Order land system and the new money provide may cease to be necessary. III.—Revolution in Contents. It is here assumed that aspirants to the life of the New Order are striving consciously to adapt their conduct to its principles and purposes in the daily problems arising out of their contact with nature and their fellows. The problem then of Education is to become increasingly conscious of what is being done to secure an end in view, as well as in preparation for the next step onward. As each such step is gained—provided it be really gained* —so other ends and purposes declare themselves beyond, and become the goal of fresh efforts. Each acquired step in consciousness gradually .becomes automatic, or, as it is sometimes called, sub-conscious, as the mind and will, taking a fresh focus of attention, pass on to the conquest of new regions. The sub-conscious automatism of acquired habit, physical or mental, must here be distinguished, psychologically speaking, from the semi-conscious experiments of prevision pushing forward into new and untried fields of research. To deal with this semi-conscious region bordering on futurely in a tract relating to Education is surely, the critics will say, to make the mistake of probing into the unknowable, where the subject demands that a line should be drawn at the known or, at most, the knowable. Here another paradox appears (revolution is the maker of paradox), for in the light of the New Order things which once appeared to be the most know-able—the hard facts of practical experience, as men say—become unknowable, or, at least, unfit to be known, and with the clearing away of these from the foreground of the mind, the horizon opens, and the discovery of new worlds of knowledge and experience proceeds apace.t The educational processes of the New Order at the present stage are thus resolved into three: (i) the clearing away of the false knowledge surviving from the past; (2) the formulation and habitual practice of the new philosophy so far as understood; and (3) the pursuit of new tracks of discovery along lines first rendered possible by the adoption of new methods of life. In each field of knowledge there are portions to be set aside ("segregated" as unfit to survive!), for example: in arithmetic or mathematics, all those relating to the old political economy and statecraft, except the minimum equipment sufficient for occasional dealings with the old money in the group or outside: in language, all differential teaching derived from or tending to perpetuate class distinctions: in history, all studies calculated to inspire the worship of economic heroes, thus obscuring the great human issues which they exemplify: in ethics, all survivals, direct and indirect, of the class war, or * The emancipators of the slaves in the United States, for instance, believed that they really were securing freedom to the Negro by lifting him into the money world, but herein they were deceived by appearances (see Series I., Tract ± "The New Worker.") f See Richard Jefferies, "The Story of my Heart." feudalism, and all morals derived from false and exploded money values, or the obscuration of vital human rights by the ascendancy of property. A wholesome outcrop of new faculties will rapidly spring up, as all three departments grow more and more alive with the enthusiasm of the new ideals, the glory of the escape from the money thraldom. The recent great discoveries touching the natural forces of steam, electricity, etc., hitherto poisoned in their use by the embittered economic struggle, will yield an abundant fruitage to the higher faculties thus set free. Along with this goes the regaining of that comradeship with the elements so nearly lost to man by the age-long errors of the economic era. The balancing of the bodily organism amongst its climatic surroundings forms an important part of the New Education (Series II., Tract 3, "The New Hygiene"). More than one generation may be required before the reconstructive force of new ideas can remedy the neglect of land culture, which has reached such a pitch in Western Europe that its peoples are mainly living on food stuffs grown elsewhere. Perhaps the greatest obstacle in the way of the New Order is the reluctance of the average town-dweller to undertake even the small effort of tillage shown to be due from him. Not till the basic connection of land with the solution of the social problem is realised will a true science of agriculture become possible, other occupations including all handicrafts appropriate to the simple life being harmoniously adjusted thereto. A scientific system of afforestation, meanwhile, will gradually complete our store of home food supplies, and slowly but surely wipe out that "black country" which is our national eyesore. The adjustment of food values to land areas, and the settling of work-time standards for exchange, will evidently have a reconstructive influence on the teaching of arithmetic and mathematics. A higher reaction still may be expected in the domain of music, including language, for the natural expression of the human song-bird, relieved from the old slavery, will burst forth in spontaneous rhythmic utterance, aided by the new linguistic sense born of the higher unison and wider harmonies of the free world. IV.—Child Life in the New Order. The barrack school, which now daily imprisons large masses of child life, will some day be looked upon as a nightmare of the past, when the unnatural severance of the teaching caste from the rest of humanity shall have yielded to saner and more human methods of group life; for the New Order, while it delivers the adult from his economic bondage to a life-long repetition of the same task, also frees the child from that dependence on the mere professional teacher, which in the present day sets both child and teacher in a world apart from the actualities of life to the spoiling and arti-ficialising of both. There will be in the New Order groups, besides the purely pioneering and exploring minds, some who have special skill in marshalling facts and presenting knowledge in orderly form, and, in contrast, others, who, though weaker in this respect, have the superior art of winning the attention of the child by charm of manner or instinctive sympathy with its natural temperament. Each and all these influences will be brought to bear in due degree upon the growing child who, sharing with adult life the balanced activity of head, heart, and hand, will harmoniously co-operate in production, handicraft, or invention towards the one end, the development of each by all and all by each. Groups and sub-groups of learners will cluster around each form of activity, children and adults of varying ages alternately teaching or learning from each other. The springs of art will be set flowing in ever-new forms and directions, as the joy of cosmic harmony, shared hitherto only by the unspoiled child, the poet and the seer, spreads far and wide among the races of men, at peace with themselves and with nature. W. Allan Macdonald. Helen M. Macdonald. The Social Value of Women's Suffrage. OPPOSITION to the feminist movement reduces itself to three questions, an answer to which will go far toward leaving that hostility inarticulate or unreasonable. These questions are: Do women really want the vote? Even if women want the vote, can they use it? Even if women want the vote, and prove their fitness for suffrage, would not political activity better be left to men? I. The importance still attributed to the first question is evidenced by the vigorous efforts, both of partisans and opponents, to provide specific data covering this point. Such efforts, whatever their ultimate significance, locate the problem entirely within the volition of individual women. A referendum, according to this point of view, would settle the question by all the logic of the situation. The point of view itself, however, is utterly inadequate. It does not include the permanent forces at work, the forces which can be averted by women as individuals, but which are irresistible in their action upon women as a social group. It undoubtedly contains some truth, but an order of truth valid for the movement only in its contemporaneous cross-section. It does not recognise the fact that the really vital forces working in a social organism, as in a plant, are longitudinal, extending through the generations, and only conspicuous when the organism is considered as a whole. As a point of view its fatal inadequacy grows apparent when we adopt a similar point of view for any better-understood social process, such as education. Who would locate the problem of education within the volition of any particular child? Even when education was felt as having only a personal value, the modern State accepted its obligation to provide this personal value, on a compulsory basis; how much heavier the obligation falls as we learn to appreciate the social value of education, and to consider intellectual discipline not only the means to individual livelihood and pleasure, but as the nervous system by which the social body may co-ordinate every limb and organ into a self-conscious, effective instrument. The franchise, similarly, represents a social value transcending the immediate desires of any individual or group. The movement to extend the franchise to women, indeed, is merely the latest phase of a social process as definite in purpose and as irresistible in effect as the process which has made education a recognised function of State. Our political evolution has neither meaning nor authority, save as it expresses such a process in action. The process itself may be formulated as the effort on the part of society to assimilate more and more extensive and more and more diverse areas of population into the function of government. We need not go back over more than a century of English politics, indeed, to isolate this process as a distinct line of advance. By examining the conditions under which men themselves have acquired the vote, we discover how small a part the conscious desire of individuals, or even of groups, has actually played. The driving force has always been supplied by society itself, in the form of special economic pressure directed against some particular area of population. Economic pressure in itself, of course, is constant and universal, but the development of society periodically redistributes the pressure in such a manner that some particular area of population, at any given time, registers its severest demands. A state of tension consequently arises within the exposed group and creates group-consciousness, which focuses upon a necessity, increasingly felt, to acquire some degree of political control. Since this process is gradual, whatever be the proportion of women actually repugnant to suffrage at the present time, there has been a point in every struggle for political rights at which the same proportion of the men concerned were equally indifferent. The responsibility thrust upon the group, however, invariably increases the state of tension to such a degree that a majority, at least, demand enfranchisement for the entire group, and thereafter it is only a matter of time until the existing electorate accepts this demand as a lux fiat uttered by supreme authority. The true answer to the question whether women really want the vote is, therefore, that society itself absolutely requires their enfranchisement, and is preparing as rapidly as possible the environment in which women can be enfranchised on terms favourable to themselves and to the whole social order, and in which the ultimate purpose of women's suffrage will be plainly disclosed. Such an answer, of course, merely throws the question farther back. It disposes of one problem by allying it to a problem more complex. A discussion of the second and third questions stated above, however, will lead us into the heart of the situation. II. If women were unanimous in their demand to exercise the function of suffrage, this fact, together with the fact that so many women have already proved their fitness for political activity, would constitute a sufficient reply to the second question. So deep a repugnance still exists, however, that one is forced to conclude that women themselves do not generally feel that their sex possesses a political faculty at all comparable to that of men. While, then, one can rightly point out that more and more women are proving their ability not only to vote with discrimination, but also to hold office efficiently, an honest opinion still remains unconvinced, and merely shifts its base of argument when each position in turn becomes logically untenable. Its last refuge lies in the supposition of some permanent intellectual differentiation between men and women. Without concluding superiority for either, it presupposes a masculine and feminine type of mind in which a real and permanent distinction exists. Clinging to this conception of type, it prefers the elements that distinguish the sexes to those that identify them, even on the intellectual plane; and its idea of a typical feminine mind remains unshaken by the success with which any number of women may "deviate from type" and cultivate the masculine faculties. The only argument that can fairly meet this opinion will be grounded in psychology itself. The distinction between the masculine and feminine mind is popularly expressed by the old saying that, while men think in terms of ideas, women think in terms of people. Granting that the statement is based on experience, we must determine how far each type is fixed, and to what extent each mind is confined to only one method of thinking. In the case of the typical—or perhaps one had better say the traditional—woman, the faculty of "thinking in terms of people" actually seems to exclude the exercise of reason. Her mind gives to people a full-length value, in which judgment is displaced by overwhelming consciousness of sheer personality. In proportion as individuals are important to her welfare, they converge to themselves the ulterior considerations always kept distinct in the masculine mind. This fact is characterised by the utter unreasonableness of women's loyalty. Their loyalty is instinctive, based upon personality without regard to principle. In any situation presenting a conflict between love and duty, a solution has always been easier for women than men, not because men possess a weaker power of attachment, but because their loyalty is divided between individuals and principles, which either do not exist for the feminine consciousness or are completely identified with the individuals. All these facts, however, can be more satisfactorily explained by the assumption that the difference does not lie between the feminine and the masculine mind, but between that particular area of mind chiefly developed by the experience of women and that area chiefly developed by the experience of men. Instead of admitting two different orders of mind, we need only perceive two different manifestations of mind itself. This latter view permits us to explain the "masculinisation" of the modern woman, and also the operation of certain exceptional minds, such as the dramatic genius, by the fact that in this mind—which exists in both sexes alike—that area whose focus lies within people operates simultaneously with the area whose focus lies within ideas. The dramatic genius, in other words, exhibits the characteristic of both types in the same intellectual process. Moreover, we frequently meet people whose peculiar inconsistency indicates an order of mind which functions in a "feminine" manner at one time or for one situation, and in a "masculine" manner at another time or for a different situation. Whatever distinction, then, which has been felt between the typical man and woman really exists between faculties common to mind itself. This fact is extremely important. It projects all intellectual disparity upon the social order which has universally necessitated one experience for men and another for women, and proves that, as women's social experience approximates men's experience, they will develop the "masculine" intellect to at least an equal efficiency. Moreover, since women undergo a series of experiences from which men are for ever excluded, we can be certain that society will eventually profit by these experiences through the operation of the same legislative and administrative gift by which hitherto the experience of men alone has wrought itself into the fabric of civilisation. III. We have now gained a perspective from which the third question, why women should vote at all, may be considered in its double relation to women and the whole social order. The social process, as we have seen, extends the suffrage by enfranchising successive homogeneous areas of population. As each group acquires consciousness and enters the function of government, we find that it rebases some particular value which operates for the general stability or harmony of the State. The enfranchisement of the labouring classes, for example, which feudalism had submerged beneath the surface of administration, has made articulate the necessity for a new economic justice whose beneficial results permeate the entire social integument The experience by which this necessity was intensified into action could not have accumulated within the consciousness of any other group, since every group derives its experience from a contact with the social organism peculiar to itself. No responsible person could now conceive of disenfranchising any section of the labouring class, it being obvious that such an act would so readjust the social order as to bring about another condition as inflexible as feudalism, and perhaps even more hostile to human liberty. Though each area of population thus contributes a particular influence indispensable to civilisation, a certain fundamental similarity exists between the values contributed by the constituent groups in a masculine electorate, even when their experience has accumulated from widely different contacts with society. For in all men that area of mind is chiefly developed which is best fitted to deal with relations. On every plane and under every condition men reveal a common power to discover and apply the laws controlling the relations between facts and things. The development of physical phenomena into the science of biology, the arrangement of economic relations into the department store, and the co-ordination of social relations into the military system, are manifestations of the same property of mind. So important to society have been the results obtained by its use that we give our greatest rewards to those in whom it is highly developed, even if we do not consider it the superior intellectual faculty. In stating that men think in terms of ideas, while women think in terms of people, there are few, perhaps, who do not feel that men hold the advantage thereby. In its more aggressive development, nevertheless, the rational faculty discloses fatal limitations. When unchecked by the authority of other faculties, it invariably elaborates an ideal of method and efficiency in which people, as individuals, are subordinated to people as systems, and to the impersonal machinery by which systems are maintained. Once organised, the system creates a situation whose logic appeals irresistibly to the masculine mind. The result is that department stores and armies are maintained with an efficiency highly admirable upon the rational plane, which as such is not concerned with the human lives involved. The organisation can operate at its maximum precision only by using its units at a certain level of production. It has no use for a unit at the lower levels to which individuals must occasionally fall, nor even at those higher levels to which even an overburdened human nature instinctively seeks to rise. Unless, then, a decided change takes place in the movements of the masculine mind, or some new and equally authoritative influence permeates the social order, our department stores will continue to be driven so "efficiently" that they furnish a strong impetus to the forces releasing prostitution, sweated labour, and other spectres from the underworld, while our armies and navies will develop into more and more effective instruments, despite the terrific resistence the modern military system makes to progress in the practical application—even more, the inner experience—of religion, science, and the arts. So intent does the "masculine" mind become upon the mere relations between things that in every situation it tends to locate its ultimate values outside personal experience. Justice, as men have made it, consists in determining individual cases by fixed principles, under which the individual, whatever his temperament or condition, receives a categorical sentence. Even in religion, as the recurrent Calvinistic interpretation every revelation falls into proves, men sacrifice personality to law. But the "feminine" mind, fortunately, is not so dominated by the logic of the situation. Indeed, as we perceive the limitation inherent within reason, the feminine instinct to exalt people above principles seems to be founded upon some superior logic of its own. That area of mind whose activity in women bestows a unique valuation upon the individual has been developed, we must remember, by the experience of child-birth and the following years of personal ministration. Its operation, then, bears an authority against which we can quote no higher source. Since, therefore, feminine loyalty is directed not only irrespective of the principles which men have formulated from the logic of the situation, but often diametrically opposed to them, we must accept in this opposition the grounds for suspecting the really vital and permanent value of the principles themselves. The situation makes one series of relations logically inevitable, but women teach us that the inevitability of the logic does not apply to the situation. By avoiding the logic they come into closer contact with reality. Whenever the existing social order, by its legal or economic necessity, condemns an individual as pernicious or unfit, we may be certain that at least one woman condemns society itself no less implacably, and by her passionate vision transfers the guilt from the human being to the environment whose larger perniciousness and unfitness actually moulded the individual after its own image. To dismiss this act as being "emotional" rather than "intellectual" is to confess one's fatal ignorance of the nature of mind, whose creative power is entirely emotional. Indeed, this feminine characteristic, of "thinking in terms of people is not merely quite as intellectual as reason—it is intel- Telegrams—" Lumenifer, London." Telephones—Gerrard 6449. Price Sixpence, Every Wednesday. IT IS RECOGNISED UNIVERSALLY THAT THE ONLOOKER IS THE SMARTEST ILLUSTRATED TOPICAL AND SOCIETY WEEKLY PAPER. The OnlooKer Abroad.—Copies are always on sale at the leading Kiosks, Newsagents and Railway Station Bookstalls of all the most important Cities on the Continent and Egypt. TERMS OF SUBSCRIPTION: UNITED KINGDOM - - 28/- ONE YEAR FOREIGN .... 35/- „ Including Double Numbers and Postage. All Enquiries and Remittances should be forwarded to 16, King Street, Covent Garden, London, W.C. lect functioning at a much higher level. It is intellect dealing with people in relation to that spiritual possibility which cannot be rated by the changing currency of environment. It is possible, of course, for a certain number of women to become intellectually unsexed. It is possible for a few to withdraw themselves from the experience of maternity and, by concentrating upon a profession, to cultivate the "masculine" area of mind as exclusively as the most worshipful philosopher or financier. The antipathy against enfranchisement felt by many women arises from their recognition of the possibility and their instinctive dislike of its result. The fact remains, however, that marriage and maternity, reconsecrating the majority to that tremendous experience which sets women for ever aside from men, and justifies their "unreasonable" devotion, will prevent them from being so unsexed. The crisis of child-birth, and the visions born from the personal ministration of helpless children, by which human life is made for ever precious and significant, will continually renew and intensify in women the "feminine" mind, however their social experience widens so as to develop, in addition, the faculty once typical of men. Woman's suffrage, then, contains a unique social value, not available to the race through any other medium. It should not be considered merely as a programme of reform. Programmes of reform have always existed. It is rather the intensity by which programmes are realised. It is a motive force, a sheer impulse that cannot be sterilised, and as such it represents the maternal passion applied to make knowledge creative and Governments humane. For what is this "society" by which all men and women are hampered in their best desires, this relation of the all to the one by which our collective powers nullify our individual force? Is it not merely that OF ALL HIGH-CLASS DRAPERS - AND STORES - IN LONDON AND PROVINCES. THE FROCKS FOR CHILDREN _ AND MAIDS SEND POSTCARD FOR NAME OF NEAREST RETAILER TO "DOUGLAFROC" ( c/o " FREEWOMAN " ), 16, KING STREET, COVENT GARDEN, W.C. orphan who, neglected and despised in his youth, has grown into a misshapen manhood, fitted for nothing but to revenge himself on those who made him what he is? Realising the deep significance of this figure, we understand why the enfranchisement of womanhood initiates a new epoch for the race. Without women humanity can never redeem its dangerous orphan, society. Horace Holley. The Disabilities of Women. THE Feminist movement has been accompanied at every stage of its progress by an undertow of commentary from the medical profession. From eminent members of the fraternity hypnotic cries go up. For anti-feminists, of course, the statements of medical science have afforded the best possible arguments. They reproduce both the data and the ensuing deductions of the gynaecologists in a chorus of triumphant finality. The Feminists have also, almost with one accord, accepted the data of gynaecology; but they have at the same time disputed the conclusions—an attitude which is, in consideration of the necessary limitations of science (a point to which I shall return a little later), a much more reasonable one. They have refused the conclusions, but have accepted the damning data; and with regard to these damning data they have taken up, in the main, two positions. They have agreed that what the doctors say is true enough as far as it goes, but that it applies only to pathological women, the class of women with which the medical profession is constantly dealing, and which inevitably colours their whole picture of life. Either they have agreed thus far, and then, as it were, taken out a brief for the rest of womankind, or they have admitted for all women whatsoever comparative physical disabilities, coupled with fundamental characteristics to be interpreted in terms of social value according to individual opinion, to personal assumptions and standards. They have claimed freedom in the name of these differences, and they have refused to accept masculine readings of life, masculine schemes of value. Generally they have accompanied this relatively constructive attitude with the assertion that the special functions of women need be no more disturbing to mental balance and judgment than are any functions of the body. There is, however, a third possibility, one which has been, within the ranks of the protagonists, strangely neglected. This third way is open to anyone who will consider for a moment the necessary limitations of scientific work. The scientist for his business of observation and experiment is obliged to isolate one set of facts, to tear them from the context of reality. His perpetual occupation with this one set, his constant fixed gaze from one angle of vision, produces in him an increasing tendency to see all life through the peep-hole of his special science. Invaluable as are his results from the merely intellectual point of view, from the point of view of the accumulation and the classification of data in the interest of our progressive understanding and control of natural forces, the result of allowing him to step outside his special business of observation and report is, in the very large majority of cases, disaster. There is, it is true, here and there a man who can retain, even amidst the utmost complex of spectacular minutiae, his independence of mind, who escapes becoming the tool of his own point of view, who is capable of questioning and criticising the hypotheses, the original assumptions on which his science is based. But these types are rare. The vast majority of scientifically trained men are, as far as their science is concerned, followers. When the exceptional type occurs, it is likely that orthodox conclusions from data outspread are about to be swept away by some simplifying generalisation. Simplifying generalisations have, of late years, been made by men and women here and there regarding the true nature, that is to say the actual position in the context of reality of such chronic infections as cancer and tuberculosis. In the teeth of the increasing armies of orthodoxy, of the increasing acreage of hospitals and appliances, of the enormous sums of money devoted to research, they have maintained the falsity, for anything beyond diagnostic purposes, of looking at cancer and tuberculosis as things in themselves. They have, metaphorically, swept away the imposing paraphernalia of the bacteriologists, they have used and not been used by the science of bacteriology, and, undaunted by its mass of curious detail, have declared simply that these diseases are by-products of alimentary digestive errors, and must be treated via the nutritional function. I have chosen these instances because they are, now, comparatively flagrant and familiar. But this same "scrapping" of the deductions of orthodox medical science, both theoretically and practically, is taking place under our eyes to-day with regard to "feminine ailments." Rational practice in this matter has been spreading sporadically over our civilisation for a couple of generations, and the simple underlying generalisation is reaching out feelers now into the very precincts of orthodoxy, and rescuing here and there a medical practitioner who has preserved his mental flexibility in spite of the schools. While orthodoxy is adding an extra week to the time a mother must remain in bed after the birth of her child, and become wiser and wiser as to the phenomenon known as "change of life," and its mental and moral accompaniments, independent common sense is maintaining the absolute controllability of the whole series of feminine ailments and disturbances. The finest results in this direction have so far been attained by the fruitarians—i.e., those who base their dietary on raw fruit and salads. The food reform press of Europe produces, as I have pointed out elsewhere, every month increasing documentary evidence as to the immunity of fruitarian mothers from the disturbances and most of the unsightliness of pregnancy, the pain of childbirth, and the succeeding exhaustion, testimony as to the fineness of the children born, the easy persistence of ample natural nourishment for them, their freedom from tooth troubles, from those infectious disorders which are generally considered part of the programme of childhood, the disappearance of difficulties in relation to the arrival of maturity in girls, and to the cessation in women of the special functions. Very significant in this connection is a book recently published on the Diseases of Women by an orthodox gynaecologist,* who is not, however, a dietetic faddistt. It is significant in three ways: First, as confessing in its preface that a leading idea of a most grave and fundamental character revolutionising his scientific outlook, came to him from outside: "The experience," he says, "has not been unmixed indeed with a certain amount of regret that such a suggestion in a medical matter of prime importance should have come from one who is not himself a qualified medical man. Truth, however, must be humbly received and assented to, * "Diet and Teeth": Denial Record for August, f "Conversations with Women." By A. Rabagliati. (Daniel: 3, Amen Corner.) from whatever quarter it may come; and for my part I welcome it gladly." Secondly, that many of the commonplaces of the "vegetarians" (many of the immunities above cited) are achieved by Dr. Rabagliati's patients by the application of their common-sense rules as to the how and the when of feeding, the distinction between hunger and its perversion—nervous appetite, the folly of "tempting" children to eat, the wisdom of accepting the hint of a day's voluntary fasting on the part of a child, the incompatibility of the digestive processes with perfect sleep, etc., etc. Thirdly, it is significant in that Dr. Rabagliati pays tribute to the fruitarians for the reduction of childbirth to a comparatively painless and swift affair. I may, perhaps, in this connection, profitably refer to a letter appearing earlier in the year in a German health paper,* from a mother who, after four comparatively easy "vegetarian" confinements, achieved on a raw fruit and salad dietary, with occasional days of fasting, a pregnancy which passed unnoticed until the eleventh hour, and ended in the painless birth of her best child, brought into the world by her without assistance from man or woman, and without subsequent exhaustion. The fact that infectious diseases and chronic infections such as tuberculosis and cancer, that influenzas, catarrhs, viscosities, all the migraines and "nerves" pains and penalties of the physical life of women are due to the imprisonment of the eager spirit of life in bodies clogged and weakened by malnutrition, the fact that they give way before rational diet is, in the opinion of the writer, worth a very great deal to the Feminist movement, and should effectually arm even those who are at present pathological against orthodoxy's list of "inherent disabilities." D. M. RICHARDSON. * Lebenskunst. February number. "Intensely Conservative."—Review of Reviews. \\~ Monthly. Monthly \j" TO MODERNISTS. The Oxford 8 Cambridge Review flings down the gauntlet (take it up who will!), and proclaims, in the face of all men and women, that it stands for the great principle of ORTHODOXY. That it may open the eyes of yet more persons to the fact that Orthodoxy is not Odious nor Outworn, that Cleverness is not Confined to Cranks, and that Christian Conservatism will indubitably Conquer. The Review will henceforth present itself to the public at the price of 1/- Net August Number now ready- Annual Subscription. 12/6. STEPHEN SWIFT &amp; CO., LTD., 16, King Street, Covent Garden, W.C. "Continues to be a handsome and substantial publication." —Church Family Newspaper. Correspondence. Note to Correspondents.— While quite willing to publish letters under noms de plume, we make it a condition of publication that the name and address of each correspondent should be supplied to the editor.—Ed. To the Editor of The Freewoman. MONEY, CAPITAL AND INTEREST. Madam,—Much needless waste of time and energy might be avoided if correspondents would carefully "read, mark, learn, and inwardly digest" (provided their digestive organs are fit) the subjects they wish to discuss before rushing into print. Mr. Arthur D. Lewis hesitates "to argue with Mr. Kitson," because he feels "that dealing with subjects that present real difficulties he (Mr. Kitson) has got his mind going on a road which leads him to a lot of unnecessary complications." Mr. Lewis thinks that the plain, crude State Socialist, who says that under State ownership of all the means of production, interest would cease automatically, is "arguing far more clearly and straightforwardly than Mr. Kitson." This reminds me of the man who proposed to pull down and rebuild his house in another locality, because of the offensive odours arising from a dead cat which some boy had thrown into his backyard. When a neighbour advised him that it was perhaps cheaper to remove the cat than the house, he rejected the suggestion with scorn, on the ground that it was neither "clear nor straightforward." Mr. Lewis speaks of "Mr. Kitson's perversely ingenious attack on the legal privilege conferred on gold coin," and sympathises at the same time "with Mr. Kitson's attack upon interest," which is about as logical as advocating the legal right to own serfs whilst denouncing slavery! If Mr. Lewis understood this subject half as well as I am told he understands "Syndicalism," he would know that the legal privilege conferred upon gold is at present the main cause of interest. I strongly and respectfully urge Mr. Lewis to continue "to hesitate to argue" on the money question, until he has given further time to the study of this subject. As to Mr. Greevz Fysher, he ought to know better than to confuse the issue by attempting to draw any comparison of the national provision made by certain members of the bird and animal kingdom in storing up. food for future use, with such a legalised artificial monopoly as our gold currency system. This sort of "reasoning" is schoolboyish, in an elementary degree. And I would also strongly and respectfully urge him to take a course of reading over the works of P. J. Proudhon. The pith of the interest question is not the right of a man to make provision for his future by saving up wealth. It is whether he should be permitted to prevent others from creating and exchanging wealth until they pay him an annual tax! What right has the State to grant privileges which enable individuals to exercise such despotic power? What justice is there in compelling the public to employ a certain costly medium of exchange, which they would instantly replace with an infinitely less costly one, were they permitted so to do? Money is a social instrument, invented for the exclusive use, and made valuable solely by society, and would have neither use, value, nor meaning apart from society. On the other hand, gold is a commodity, and the subject of private ownership. Hence, when the State confers exclusively upon gold the privilege of functioning as money to an unlimited extent, it confers upon gold producers and dealers the power to tax the producers of all other commodities. It gives to a few individuals a power created exclusively by society, which it denies to all other members. The only chance open to Mr. Fysher to make good his case is for him to prove that the repeal of such Parliamentary Acts as those which have constituted gold the legal debt-paying commodity will not affect its position, and that no other or cheaper exchange medium can be discovered. If Mr. Fysher can show that the supreme position of cold for currency purposes is not in any way, or to any degree due to legislation, but, like that of steel in the engineering world, like leather in the boot and shoe industry, and like wool and cotton in the clothing industries, is wholly the result of its physical qualities, I will gladly admit his contention as to its "saleability," and all the rest, but not until then. Mr. Mylius has called attention to the writings of P. J. Proudhon, one of the greatest minds in the economic world. After an exhaustive study of the science in all its branches, as well as the industrial and social conditions of the French people, he concluded that the fundamental cause of misery and industrial slavery was the legalised monopoly of money and credit. This was the main point of his attack on the social problem. Mr. Mylius will find that I have again and again stated that it is quite within the bounds of possibility to create a Government banking and currency system which will operate successfully in the interests of the people. It is also possible to train a child to operate a Maxim gun. Everything depends upon the honesty and ability of the State officials. The strong sentiment existing against State control and ownership is due to the centuries of misuse of such powers hitherto exercised by those clothed with State authority. Under freedom competitive ability furnishes efficiency, economy, and satisfaction, so far unattainable where the State exercises control. August 11th, 1912. Arthur Kitson. ON INTEREST. Madam,—It can hardly be doubted that the hoarding of money would have no motive or effect if it were plentiful. Extremely plentiful money would be cheap, and would therefore have small value. It might require a bushel of it to buy one's breakfast, and the hoarding of it would be as useless and as ineffective as storing fresh country air in leather bottles. This excessive cheapness may be supposed to be entirely avoidable by the qualification that the entire volume of money should correspond in amount to actual wealth. But why should it, and how could it? It would be quite as feasible to insist that the value of all the leather in the world should correspond with that of all the wheat, or that the value of any one commodity taken at random should agree with the aggregate sum of that of all the rest as to ask that the value of all the gold should be equal in amount to that of all the other actual wealth of the world. Gold, the present money of the most actively commercial nations, and before long to be the money of every country in the world, is by several degrees the most saleable of all commodities. There are, it is true, certain large and populous areas where silver is the money of the market, and where for internal trade it is actually more saleable than gold. But all this and other circulation of non-gold monies is in relation to the important commerce of the world to be regarded as provincial, inland circulation of fractional tokens. These non-gold commodities do not become lawful tender in fulfilment of the promises of really mighty merchants, nor capable of liquidating important debts, because all borrowings tend to grow into and to become borrowings of gold on conditions of repayment of the same commodity. He who borrows horses must of necessity find it very difficult to repay his creditor with cows or even donkeys. But the plentifulness of money, if it has any value at all as a loan, would have no effect upon the rate of interest. Suppose gold were ten times as cheap or ten times as dear as it now is. In the first case a sovereign would only pass for two shillings if silver and the promise of the Government remained as they now are, but altered simply in proportion to the difference in value of gold. In this case the pockets of the humblest would contain gold, and this metal would be far more frequently applied to industrial and decorative purposes than it is now. But in a case where one now pays 6s. for a dinner, bed, and breakfast at a country inn, one would then have to pay £3, and it would matter very little to anybody. But the cost of borrowing anything useful would be about the same percentage as it is to-day. Most cases, where the owner of fixed or circulating capital was asked to alienate it from his own manipulation for pleasure or profit, would be as painful and injurious as it is now, and he would never lend unless he were paid for his sacrifice. If private ownership and liberty mean anything, the man with something which someone else wishes to borrow must be allowed to fix the reserve price per week, etc., which he will accept or refuse the loan. The converse is equally true. If £1 were equal to 200s. (two hundred shillings) then very few purses would contain even a half-sovereign. It might even be that gold would lose so much in saleability from its want of divisibility that it would cease to occupy the pre-eminent position it now does, and silver with all its inferior portability might displace it as money. But the rate of interest would not necessarily be any greater even if gold did then continue to be the most saleable commodity. With both these different values of gold an increase in the volume of capital would still lower the rate of interest, and its diminution would raise it exactly as it does now. Financiers cannot raise bank rates by the simple device of sending money out of the country. Capital goes abroad almost exclusively as merchandise, machinery, and goods of all sorts when it is attracted thither by enterprise and promise of profits. Unfortunately, a great deal goes out as Government loans to make guns and ships which are, however, not largely paid for in money on the balance, but by other commodities in which the traffic is many fold greater than in gold. This metal, however, pours into London from the mines by millions per annum. Mr. Kitson is entirely wrong in stating that interest is a purely artificial system dependent upon force. It is in fact a voluntary payment by the have-nots to the haves. It might be said that property depends on force, but the force which would dispossess proprietors would surely be far more artificial than that which maintains it. It is perfectly true that liberty and expediency, rightly understood, demand the repeal of all such privileges as the Bank Charter Act. It would be freer and better for commerce if everybody were allowed to issue notes, tokens, copper, silver, and gold coins to everyone willing to accept them. But this would have no appreciable effect on the rate of interest. It would benefit humanity by assisting industry and enterprise in very many ways, but these would not include the perceptible lowering of interest. They might, indeed, be accompanied by a rise in the rate. Mr. Kitson is perfectly right when he enunciates the truism that interest is not a payment for risk. It is a payment for an absolute certainty. When analysed to its actual essentials in the marginal cases which determine its rate, it is a payment to the owner for growing old while someone else is profitably or pleasantly using some of his wealth instead of his doing this himself. The perishable nature of some classes of capital has really nothing to do with the payment of interest for alienating them from the owner. Mr. Donisthorpe has shown that the use of a larger quantity of soap in washing wool means washing more wool, and therefore it is beneficial to the producer to make it perish; nothing could be less profitable than a perpetual hoarding of soap, which as a matter of fact is not very quickly perishable. Soap from Pompeii has been found to be almost as detergent as modern soap. Then many forms of wealth increase instead of perishing. Bread, no doubt, perishes in the using. On the other hand, seed corn multiplies. But the persistence of an obligation does not condemn it. Even Mr. Kitson would allow a claim for repayment of the value of perishables themselves. Both debts for principal and interest are terminated by repayment. It is only a partial analysis of the facts of life to say that it is absolutely necessary for everybody to procure money. The child of every improvident mother finds himself naked and hungry, and the laws of nature render it necessary that he should procure food and clothing. This impecunious man must make the best terms he can with the owners of wealth. These terms are after all not too onerous. He finds himself in demand, and obtains in every case far more than any other pauper animal— the bird of the air, for example. He may sell his ability to use land and other tools productively on more or less raw materials. Or, on the other hand, he may borrow tools and material on such terms as he can make with the owners under freedom. This is certain always to include a fee for the hire of the tools and materials. He may then squander or consume them unproductively and become insolvent, or he may produce a far greater supply of pleasurables than would have come to him as wages if he manipulated the same capital with less responsibility under an employer who would take the risks and profits. Food and shelter must be had first. Gold can wait. Borrowed capital must be hired, and the so-called interest is really hire. Its valuation in terms of gold is but a trivial incident which has no effect whatever on the rate. Wealthy people can and do very largely control production, industry, and consumption without being either bankers or gold merchants, except so far as all traders are gold merchants. Bankers and gold holders, like other traders, are at the mercy of the market, though each trader unconsciously combines with the others to produce much of the fluctuation which takes place, and which is largely composed of guesses as to the course of changes in the environment. These perpetually and profoundly affect production and consumption, and their variation cannot be forecast by the human brain. Buying and selling coined gold in no way resembles the use of cork hats and rubber shoes. One operation is consumption, the other is merely speculation. It has no effect on the cost at the margin. The purchases and sales are reciprocating, and neutralise each other daily and even hourly. The gold which is bought one moment is very largely sold the next. These movements are not real supply and demand. They merely conform to the real supply and demand for gold pleasure which underlie the whole, and though hidden from most eyes are the real determinants of its value. Every commodity is part of the currency, but gold is the most current of all. All commodities circulate, though none return on their course quite so often as gold. The general movement is rather that of a stream than that of a whirlpool. Debtors may be said to be enslaved by their own promises. Most Acts of Parliament merely record and regularise what the people would freely do in their absence. But if a man sells butter he may not deliver margarine, and if he sells gold for future delivery he must deliver it. Those farmers in Western Canada who lend beasts of burden and farm implements free of charge know their own business, and their generosity is perfectly voluntary. This is largely a sort of vague marketing and mutuality from which no serviceable deduction can be drawn for the present discussion. What would now assist the correspondents and readers of the freewoman would be if Mr. Kitson would prepare and publish a draft of the sort of note or instrument which he thinks might possibly displace this pernicious gold. Does he propose some sort of contract which can be upheld by the courts of law, or does he propose the issue of some sort of bond involving what is called the National Credit? If the Editor or he will be so kind as to answer these questions then your readers will have something definite on which to reflect and possibly comment. August 9th, 1912. Greevz Fysher. [One such scheme has already been offered to the readers of The Freewoman. (The New Money, May 16th.) Unfortunately it elicited no criticism.—Ed.] WOMEN AND THE EVOLUTIONARY FORCE. Madam,—When Miss Willcocks wrote of the evolutionary force in the heart of woman, "it is our part to guide it," vide your issue of July 18th, I do not think she can claim to have implied the meaning she attaches to her utterance in her letter of August 1st. To write of the need for "our guidance" of this force, as she wrote of it, I still think expresses fear of "the force," and implies mistrust of it. I do not think I ought to ask for your space to argue the point with Miss Willcocks as to whether Mazzini guided the "force," or the force guided Mazzini, though I am inclined to think we are nearer the truth dn acknowledging that it was "Che force" which guided. What "the force" working in Mazzini did by the cooperation of tihe same force working in others was to concentrate and make itself manifest in the independence of Italy, just as it had done before in any of the great epoch-making ages with which the development of the human along the line of life is studded. This, I believe, it will do again and again, working and expanding from within, and whatever teachers or guides come, as Miss Willcocks says they will, those guides are "the force" realised and made manifest itself, so that whatever guidance there is, it is the force itself which guides the human who recognises its call, and not the human who guides the force. I do not acknowledge as infallible Miss Willcocks' attempt to reduce her theories into the terms of exact science—we are touching "life," the most unknowable of all—and experience teaches me that the theories of the scientist are only deductions, and the most rigid and exact of to-day are too often the foolishness of the future; and I for one would prefer to set out to sea trusting in the force within my heart to fit me for a fuller and better realisation of life again, than to seek to guide that force in order to attain certain definite ends. N. O'Shea. August 6th, 1912. THE CHILDREN OF THE STATE. Madam,—I have only just seen Earl Percy's agitated letters to the Morning Post, in which he accuses me of advocating immorality, when as a matter of fact I am advocating the suppression of it. His accusation proves him a careless reader if nothing more, as he has missed the whole point of the argument. He speaks of women "who cannot find husbands." I spoke of women "to whom matrimony fails to appeal." There are some of both sexes to whom sexuail intercourse would be repugnant, and its constant repetition unbearable. Yet there are some women who would bear the inevitable for once for the sake of the child they long for of their very own. Surely a loveless marriage is tar more immoral. August 8th, 1912. Richard Tayleur. [Mr. Tayleur's letter embodied the proposals of the Eugenists in a very frank manner. These views, of course, are not ours, but we make no demur against them gaining a hearing.—Ed.] MORE QUESTIONS. Madam,—What has happened to the Eugenists? Are they all "out of town and no correspondence will be forwarded"—to quote a formula often used at this time of year by that "great" daily Which has achieved a somewhat unique reputation by occasionally diluting "Tariff Reform" with (intelligence, but has not yet attained to the most primitive public school fourth form standard of honesty and fair play? Are none left to refute the Editor, "B. L.," and myself? Let them take heart. The Freewoman is not a London Unionist paper of the first magnitude. It does not suppress inconvenient faots, nor " queer the pitch " for its opponents. It rejoiceth not in iniquity, but rejoiceth in the truth. Or are our arguments and inquiries of so disconcerting a nature that Eugenists are driven to ignore what they are so far unable to suppress? I should be very loath to believe this, as I have known Eugenists of high personal integrity and kindly disposition as well as great attainments. The labour involved in the researches and studies of Eugenists proves intellectual enthusiasm and some power of oaring for a cause. Surely they do not shrink from an adequate discussion of the theories they wish to see embodied in legislation which will affect the lives of millions? I should like to add a couple of questions to my (possibly inconvenient) enquiries in the issue of August 1st. The first question arises from Section 4 in the memorandum addressed Dr. J. Barker Smith to the Editor of the Medical Times, and published dn the current number of The Freewoman (Correspondence columns). Dr. Barker Smith draws attention to the increasing use in. medicine of testicular and ovarian extracts, and strongly suggests that the whole question of "applied reproduction" be seriously considered by the profession. Now it is possible that the proceedings of the Eugenics Congress may have been very incorrectly and superficially reported in the Press, although great prominence was given to certain speeches. But I for one have been unable to find any mention of the Eugenic possibilities of applied—or, as I should prefer to call it, artificial— reproduction in any report or summary of the debates of the Congress. Yet the subject, in view of the work of Poehl and Brown-Sequard, was surely worth attention. That it should have been ignored—if it has been ignored —lis, I fear, another instance of the curious mental rigidity of many members of the Eugenics Society, even in their chosen field of speculation. I note that the question of the Eugenic value of Love was raised—none too soon! Let the Eugenists note that love is a very uncertain and incalculable factor, and cannot be summoned and retained at the will of any legislators. Also that love implies choice, and choice implies freedom. In short, I entreat Eugen:sts to spend some time and their best mental and psychical energy in meditation on the nature and power of love. My enquiries so far have been very restricted—in fact, quite one-sided. As examples of problems which are not specifically sexual, may I suggest the occasional union of genius and deformity in the same individual? The close connection, biologically proved, between genius and insanity? The frequent association of genius and very high ability with either the consumptive or the rheumatic tendency? May I ask what under Eugenic legislation would have been the fate of the marvellous and heroic Helen Keller? Would the Eugenists have segregated' or lethalised Richard Wagner?—a man of most curious physique, of thoroughly anti-social habits and temper, yet a genius? But these questions might be multiplied an hundredfold, and the question of the social and material environment of the majority still remains. Professor Loria and Professor Smith drew the attention of their confreres to it; have the latter no answer to them, and to the poor outsider who yet supplies the material for Eugenists' experiments? We await answers with the keenest interest. August 8th, 1912. F. W. Stella Browne. ON THE UTILITY OF ART. Madam,—Two clerical or printer's errors in my article last week rendered two sentences unintelligible. Second column, third paragraph: for "In addition, being 'poor,' women have no idea how to dress," read "At the time being, poor women have no idea, etc." And instead of a question (second paragraph, p. 226) in the sentence: "Therefore, when creating or presenting a work of art, is it always a mistake to consider the intellectual standard of the public, a mistake, especially to despise it?" read the affirmative. MURIEL ClOLKOWSKA. August 9th, 1912. MR. McKENNA AND FORCIBLE FEEDING. Madam,—'Miss Gawthorpe, skilful duellist that she is, wounds and disarms at one stroke of her pen. I do not pretend to her grace; so I must play the part of the heavy villain as best I can. Miss Gawthorpe is confusing two quite different points. All I am urging in defence of Mr. McKenna is this: that, as Home Secretary, he must do what the general public expects from any holder of that position. The general public would not support Mr. McKenna (a) if he released the women who refused food; (b) if he allowed the women to die of exhaustion. The only alternative for Mr. McKenna, as Home Secretary, is to authorise forcible feeding. He might certainly take the line of resigning rather than consent to forcible feeding; but, then, he would be acting as Mr. McKenna, private citizen, not Mr. McKenna, Home Secretary. Miss Gawthorpe does not appear to recognise the distinction between a private citizen and a servant of the public, who is supposed to sink his private opinions. That is the reason why I cannot see what else Mr. McKenna, as Home Secretary, or what I, as Home Secretary, or Miss Gawthorpe, as Home Secretary, could do. As private citizens we might all equally regret the need, and probably oppose the practice; but once we became servants of the public, we must abide by the will of the public. After all, it is the property and lives of the public which have been endangered by militancy. The public demand that the responsible Minister should protect them, and deter assailants, or else resign. Personally, I am opposed to the method of forcible feeding; but I am a private citizen with no special duty to the public in the matter. Mr. McKenna is in the opposite position. I put Miss Gawthorpe this plain interrogation. Can she deny that the public would demand Mr. McKenna's resignation as Home Secretary if (1) he released the women who refused food; or (2) if he permitted them to die of exhaustion? If not, then, perhaps, she will point the way to a different method of treatment. To argue that the women must be respected, in point of honour, because they endeavour to compel the Government to give them first-class treatment, seems to me a misuse of the word honour. The women may fight with what weapons they like; but I personally do not believe that all's fair in love and war. There are times when "tactics" become merely discreditable. In my opinion, that stage has been long passed in this campaign. My letter in the New Age of March 14th was a protest THE FREEWOMAN NOTICES and TERMS OF SUBSCRIPTION EDITORIAL Letters, etc., intended for the Editor should be addressed: 9, John Street, Adelphi, London, W.c. Telegrams to address below. PUBLICATION All business communications relative to the publication of the freewoman should be addressed, and all cheques, postal and money orders, etc., made payable to the Publishers, stephen swift &amp; co.. LTD.. 16, King Street, Covent Garden, London, w.c. Telegrams to "Lumenifer, London." Terms of Subscription:—Yearly, 14s.; Six Months, 7s.; Three Months, 3s. 6d.; to any address in the Postal Union. ADVERTISENENTS All orders, letters, etc., concerning advertisements should be addressed to the Manager, the freewoman, 16, King Street, Covent Garden, London, W.C. NOTE:—The Office, 9. John Street, Adelphi, W.C, will be open in August during the follow ng hours only: Monday end Tuesday, 10.30 a.m. to 12.30 p.m.; Wednesday and Thursday, 2 p.m. to 5 p.m. Inquiries at other hours to be made at 16, King Street, Covent Garden, London, W.C. against the imposition of hard labour. Miss Gawthorpe has put a twisted interpretation upon it. There was no advocacy of first-class treatment in that letter. My irony about "innocent tradesmen" on March 14th did not refer to all those who had had their windows broken; so that I am not inconsistent, however guileless I may be, in referring to "innocent persons" on July 18th. There is no analogy between men dying of starvation (which was a metaphorical expression used in a different connection) rather than accept dishonourable employment outside of prison, at a time when they are their own masters; and women who are threatening to die of starvation, because they are not treated according to the standard they have chosen to set up, at a time when they are in prison, under the control of other persons. Mr. McKenna has no authority in Ireland over the administration of the ordinary law, nor has he any control over the proceedings of police magistrates and prosecuting counsel in the police courts. He could remove the police magistrates, but that would be a strong measure in the circumstances of the case, even assuming Mr. McKenna took my view about the conduct of Mr. Curtis Bennett and Mr. Snow Fordham—which is somewhat unlikely. I have dealt, I hope fully and fairly, with the argument of Miss Gawthorpe's letter, which is concerned with forcible feeding. There are other questions discussed by her which I trust I shall be pardoned for not touching upon at this moment. C. H. Norman. ENGLISH PRUDERY. Madam,—May I be allowed to add my experience to that of " P. T. T."? (1) As a member of the London Library, I asked for "Adolescence," by Stanley Hall. I was informed that unless \ deposited £5 I could not have the book. No mention of such an exaction occurs in the rules of the library! I visited the library, asked an assistant for the book, and was told it was not for "general use." On my protesting that there was no rule to this effect, and that as a biologist and a teacher of youth for many years, sex and adolescence was well known to me, I was allowed to read the volume! (2) The same thing occurred in connection with Forel "The Sexual Question," at Lewis' Scientific and Medical Library, where I was informed that the book was only for "lawyers and doctors "! However, I procured it! August 7th, 1912. W. H. A. THE PROBLEMS OF CELIBACY. Madam,—The note sounded by E. Noel Morgan is eternally true. There are children not only of the body, but also of the mind and the spirit. This has been the teaching of the few throughout the ages; and the true worship of the Great Mother, the origin of all religions, entailed celibacy for women and men, with castration of the latter. Thus they "diverted the great force of sexual desire to purely intellectual " or spiritual processes. There are three levels of attainment for women. (1) The material sexual level, with children of the flesh; on this level remain the greater number. As is well known to anthropologists, wherever women are condemned to a purely sexual life there the standard of tribe or state is low, and little, if any, intellectual or spiritual life is enjoyed by its women. (2) The psychic level, with all its marvellous and, at present, little developed powers. (3) The spiritual level. Passion working on these two higher levels has given the world all it has of highest beauty. There is a great lesson in the legend of the spiritual marriage of S. Catharine, and women have yet to learn the hidden meaning of the teaching that "only to a pure virgin is born the Saviour." W. H. A. ILLEGITIMACY. Madam,—The omission of my address from my letter under this heading, published in your issue of July 18th, must account, I hope, for the exceedingly discouraging response to my appeal. I am loth to believe that the readers of The freewoman are indifferent to the hardships inflicted on the children of those who have disregarded the legal conditions of sex union. To those who are anxious to bring about freer conditions of marriage, I would point out that great numbers of people are withheld from making such experiments at the present day solely by the fear of exposing their children to hopeless disabilities. If, therefore, the injustice done to the children themselves does not move some of your readers, perhaps they will be willing to co-operate with me in removing a serious obstacle in the way of free sex relations. I should be sorry to think that all the discussion that has gone on in your columns is never to be translated into action. I ask your readers to co-operate with me rather than with Mme. Stocker (whose appeal is printed in the same issue), because illegitimacy is a matter of purely internal and domestic policy, and no international society, as such, can hope to effect any reform. The laws on the subject differ in every state, and can be discussed only by the citizens of each state respectively. Anything like international protest or action would be resented by the authorities of the states concerned.—Yours faithfully, Edmund B. d'Auvergne. 18, Sheen Gate Mansions, East Sheen, July 23rd, 1912. [We do not see the force of Mr. d'Auvergne's objection to International Federation in this matter. It is a different affair from an attempt to alter marriage laws. Many persons, on what to them would be moral grounds, would seek to enforce penalties on those who dispense with the legal contract, and in such a matter national prejudices and customs would have weight. But surely the most ardent supporter of the old morality would hesitate to penalise innocent child-victims, no matter what the supposed misdemeanours of its parents. This desire to do justice to justice merely requires quickening to be put into effect, and it seems to us Dr. Helene Stocker's international efforts should bear fruit, as well as more localised efforts in the same direction.—Ed.] LADIES BLANCHARD'S APIOL and STEEL PILLS Are unrivalled for all Female Ailments, &amp;c , they speedily afford relief and never fail to alleviate the suffering.  BLANCHARD'S are the Best of all Pills for Women.' 1 U per bo\. of BOOTS' and all Chemists; or post free from LESLIE MARTYN, Ltd., 34, Dalston Lane, LONDON "LADIES 20,000' SAMPLES of our GOLD "TRIUMPH nTABLETS (Registered 336,720) for Ladies' Ailments, GIVEN AWAY ABSOLUTELY FREE. Guaranteed effective almost immediately (inv»riably under one hour) however obstinate the case. The Free Sample has cured Thousands of Cases. Government Stamp on every bottle, so why waste money on worthless remedies-? Sworn Testimonials and Samples Free. 1/1 J, 2/3, 4/6. LE BRASSEUR CO., Ltd., BIRMINGHAM. (Sufficient Address.) Works: Passy-Paris. Telegrams: "Surgical, Birmingham," and " Ardeshir, Paris." A BOOK FOR MARRIED WOMEN. By DR. ALLINSON. The information contained in this book ought to be known by every married woman, and it will not harm the unmarried to read. The book is conveniently divided into twelve chapters. The first ehapter treats of the changes of puberty, or when a girl becomes a woman. The second chapter treats of marriage from a doctor's standpoint; points out the best ages for marriage, and who should have children and who not, and furnishes useful information that one can ordinarily get only from an intelligent doctor. The third chapter treats of the marriage of blood relations; and condemns such marriages as a rule. Chapter four treats of the signs of pregnancy. The fifth chapter tells how a woman should live during the pregnant state. The sixth chapter treats of mishaps and how to avoid them. The seventh chapter treats of material impressions, and shows that birth marks are not due to longings on the part of the mother, but rather to her poor health. The eighth chapter teaches how to have easy confinements. Certain people believe that women should bring forth in pain and trouble, but the hygienic physician says that confinements can be made comparatively easy if certain rules are obeyed; these rules are given. The ninth chapter treats of the proper management of confinements until the baby is born. The tenth chapter tells how to treat the mother until she is up and about again. The eleventh chapter treats of sterility; gives the main causes of it, how these may be overcome and children result. The last chapter treats of the " change," a most important article for all women over forty. The book is full of useful information, and no book is written which goes so thoroughly into matters relating to married women. Some mny think toe much is told; such can scarcely be the case, for knowledge is power and the means of attaining happiness. The book can be haj in an envelope from Dr. T. R. Allinson, 381, Room, 4, Spanish Place, Manchester Square, London, W., in return for a Postal Order for Is. 2d. OUGHT Women to be Punised for Having Too Many Children." Post free 4d. MARIE FISHER. 78, Chapel Allerton Terrace, LEEDS. FOR YOUR Holidays DAUGHTERS OF ISHMAEL By REGINALD WRIGHT KAUFFMANN Sixth Edition With a Preface by JOHN MaSEFIELD IN A GERMAN PENSION By KATHEKINE MANSFIELD Third Edition LOVE IN MANITOBA By A. WHARTON GHL Third Edition AN EXCELLENT MYSTERY By COUNTESS RUSSELL LADY ERMYNTRUDE AND THE PLUMBER By PERCY FENDALL THE REVOKE OF JEAN RAYMOND By MAY FORD SOME NEIGHBOURS By CHARLES GRANVILLE Second Edition A SUPERMAN IN BEING By LITCHFIELD WOODS THE RACE OF CIRCUMSTANCE By H. R. CAMPBELL THE DARKSOME MAIDS OF BAGLEERE By WILLIAM H. KERSEY THE CONSIDINE LUCK By II. A. HINCKSON SHADOWS OUT OF THE CROWD By RICHARD CI RLE THE CONFESSION OF A FOOL By AUGUST STRINDBERG SWIFT'S SOCIAL AND POLITICAL SERIES THE PARTY SYSTEM By WTT.ATRF, BELLOC and CECIL CHESTERTON net TORY DEMOCRACY By J. M. KENNEDY FROM^THEATRE TO MUSIC HALL IRISH HOME RULE THE DOCTOR AND HIS WORK By CHARLES J. WHITBY, M.D. Printed by Hazelu Watson &amp; Viney, Ld., 4-8, Kirby Street, Hatton Garden, London, E.C.: and Published weekly for the ProDrietors at thi» Office. 16, King Street. Covent Garden, London. W.C.