The Masses 8.7 (1916-05)  The MASSES May, 1916   10 CENTS Maurice Becker 16 Harbinger of Spring The MASSES THIS Magazine is Owned and Published Cooperatively by its Editors. It has no Dividends to Pay, and nobody is trying to make Money out of it. A Revolutionary and not a Reform Magazine; a Magazine with a Sense of Humor and no Respect for the Respectable; Frank; Arrogant; Impertinent ; Searching for the True Causes; a Magazine Directed against Rigidity and Dogma wherever it is found; Printing what is too Naked or True for a Money - Making Press ; a Magazine whose final Policy is to do as it Pleases and Conciliate Nobody, not even its Readers—A Free Magazine. EDITOR Max Eastman ART EDITOR John Sloan MANAGING EDITOR Floyd Dell CONTRIBUTING EDITORS ART LITERATURE Arthur Young John Reed John Sloan Louis Untermeyer K. R. Chamberlain Howard Brubaker Maurice Becker Mary Heaton Vorse Cornelia Barns Robert Carlton Brown Alice Beach Winter Max Eastman Charles A. Winter Arthur Bullard Stuart Davis William English Walling H. J. Glintenkamp Floyd Dell Glenn 0. Coleman Frank Bohn George Bellows BUSINESS MANAGER John Lyons SUBSCRIPTION RATES Yearly, $1.00.   Half Yearly, 50 Cents. Foreign, 25 per cent. added for postage. Rates on bundle orders and to newsdealers on application. Entered as second-class matter, December 27, 1910, at the postoffice of New York City, under the Act of March 3, 1879. Published Monthly by The Masses Publishing Co. Editorial and Business Office, 33 West 14th St., New York, N. Y. Spoon River Anthology By Edgar Lee Masters "The natural child of Walt Whitman."—John Cowper Powys, in the New York Times. "It at once takes its place among those masterpieces which are not of a time or a locality."—Boston Transcript. "A work splendid in observation, marvelous in the artistry of exclusion yet of democratic inclusiveness, piercingly analytic of character, of plastic fictility of handling, sympathetic underneath irony, humorous, pathetic, tragic, comic, particular yet universal — a Comedie Humaine—a creation of a whole community of personalities."— William Marion Reedy. Price $1.25 Postpaid MONTESSORI APPARATUS FOR CHILDREN The greatest contribution to the education of little children in years. Thousands of parents are using it successfully in their homes. It tends to develop correct habits of thought and action in the child ; develops self-control; strengthens the senses, and withal the child is happy as he works out the problems. Are you interested in the best and most modern Educational equipment for your children? Write today for our free illustrated booklet describing this fascinating material. " IF WE SUCCEED IN GIVING THE L0VE OF LEARNING, THE LEARNING ITSELF IS SURE TO FOLLOW" THE HOUSE OF CHILDHOOD Department M 225 Fifth Avenue New York City Or address The Masses Book Shop THE SOUL OF WOMAN An Interpretation of the Philosophy of Feminism By PAUL JORDAN SMITH English Department, University of California. In Mr. Smith we have a fine specimen of the effeminate man. The book is a farrago of the soul-cries and self-outbursts of sensualists in skirts who have beert caught by the glamor of unconventionality and want the rules changed. Sensuality, neurasthenia and an insatiable egotism are celebrated in this book along with Emma Goldman, Ellen Key and other ladies for whom the measure of morality is its distance from the Standard of the neighborhood. Erotic ladies with a smattering of philosophy, such as Havelock Ellis preaches in his books on sex, Paul Jordan Smith pronounces "the great seers of modern literature." His book reeks of flesh.—From Town Talk, San Francisco. "An enemy of Christianity, an enemy of society, disseminator of social poison, preacher of a nauseating philosophy."—Rev. Paul Smith, Minister Central Methodist Church of San Francisco, in San Francisco Examiner. "In a direct, concise style the author sets forth the newer conception of woman's sphere which is not in accord with that of the conservative moralist."—San Francisco Bulletin. "A remarkably clear and almost entertaining interpretation of the philosophy of feminism. An excellent summary and introduction." — San Francisco Chronicle. "At once bold and temperate in its effort towards the reconciliation of the clashing doctrines of the Feminists"—declares Prof. Herbert E. Cory of the University of California Price $1.00 net Post Paid PAUL ELDER and COMPANY, Publishers 239 Grant Ave., San Francisco ATTENTION SUBSCRIPTION GETTERS It's easy to get subs for this live magazine.   We have a good proposition for you. We are now establishing agencies. Write at once to The Masses Circulation Department A Shockingly Stimulating Book! "Radical Views" Printed for you conservatives BY RALPH BRANDT If you want to get at the impressions of an iconoclast this book will give you a better collection than the Congressional Library. Limp   binding,   hand-sewed   with red cord,   on  sterling  deckle   edge paper, with initials in red.    Limited edition. $1.00 A COPY POSTPAID Sold by THE MASSES BOOK STORE New York. You Can Make $5 per Day We want you to introduce GLYCO eye-glass polisher and cleaner in your town—you can easily make $5.00 per day working for us and have steady employment. GLYCO gives your eyeglasses that sparkle necessary for proper vision and keeps them clean and bright and free from mist, cloudiness and steam, no matter what changes of temperature they go through. Positively not affected by heat or cold— you may safely leave a steam room and go into an ice-box without your glasses losing their clearness if you use GLYCO once daily. Something new that a demonstration to any eyeglass wearer will immediately sell. Try it and see—send 25c for three sticks (not a liquid) of GLYCO and see how quickly you can sell them at a quarter each. Money back if not fully satisfied. Information as to how to make $5.00 daily and agents' terms only given with above offer. THE GLYCO COMPANY Detroit       P. O. Box 1057 Michigan Masefield and Villon, Frost and swinburne, Yeats and Keats, Edgar Lee Masters and W. Å Henley, Amy Lowell, Alfred Noyes, Vachel Lindsay, Ezra Pound, G. K. Chesterton, James Oppenheim and other poets—you will find them all sharply but sympathetically victimized in "—and other Poets." (a volume of irreverent verse) BY LOUIS UNTERMEYER "To have the passionate singer of beauty and humanity of "CHALLENGE" suceed so conspicuously in the manner here represented, lifts parody into the creative sisterhood of poetic art." —Boston Transcript. "A series of parodies by a gifted observer. . . . An uncannily clever criticism of the style and thought of contemporary poets." —N. Y. Evening Mail. "We recommend this book to everyone who appreciates humor, or who is seriously interested in modern poetry."—Chicago Evening Post. Price $1.25 Net HENRY HOLT and COMPANY  3   THE Masses Book Shop Fiction The Alibi, by George Allan England. One of the biggest crime stories in years, vivid, fascinating and thrilling. By the author of "Darkness and Dawn."   Send $1.35. Love in Youth, by Frank Harris. The work of a genius who is recognized in his day, this very modern love story will command both popular and "literary" attention. Send $1.35. Mrs. Balfame, by Gertrude Atherton. The only modern story in which crime and mystery are combined with a high order of literary art. Net $1.35. Twilight, by Frank Danby. A most unusual love story revealed through visions under morphia. The author, Mrs. Frankau, was educated by the daughter of Karl Marx.  $1.35 net. The Little Demon, from the Russian of Feodor Sologub.   Price $1.50. With a Diploma and the Whirlwind, by Dantchenko. Two short novels of contrasting social environment, the scene of one laid in a remote country estate of Little Russia, the land of the Cossacks, made famous by Gogol; the other in the fashionable circle of St. Petersburg society. Net, $1.25. Moyle Church-Town, by John Trevena. A virile, delightful romance. $1.40. The Millionaire, by Michael Artzibashef. This striking volume contains three unforgetable novelettes as well as an autobiographical preface by the author.   $1.25 net. The Little Angel, by L. N. Andreyev. You are acquainted with Andreyev's plays. But his stories represent his best work. Ask anyone who knows. Here are fifteen of them. $1.25. Chelkash, by Maxim Gorky. A selection of the best work of this famous Russian writer. $1.25. The Precipice, by Ivan Goncharov. One of the fine Russian classic novels, $1.35. Sanine, by Artzibashef.   The sensational Russian novel.  $1.35 net. Maxime Gorky, Twenty-six and One and other stories from the Vagabond Series. Published at $1.25; our price 60c., postage paid. The Spy, by Maxim Gorky. A novel of the revolutionary movement in Russia. Sold at $1.50, our price 90 cents. Dead Souls—Nikolai Gogol's great humorous classic translated from the Russian.  Stokes.  Send $1.35. Taras Bulba: A Tale of the Cossacks. Translated from the Russian of Nicolai V. Gogol by Isabel F. Hapgood. Send $1.35. The Signal and Other Stories, by W. M. Garshin. $1.45, postpaid. Seventeen short stories translated from the Russian. The  Story of Jacob Stahl, by J. D. Beresford. In three volumes : The Early History of Jacob Stahl ; A Candidate for Truth ; The Invisible Event. Floyd Dell places this trilogy among the six best novels. Perhaps the finest work of contemporary English fiction. Each $1.35.  The set, $2.75. The Genius, by Theodore Dreiser. A novel of monumental proportions and significance.  $1.60, postpaid. Sets of Poe, Scott, Hugo, Dumas, Lincoln, Kipling, Dickens, Stevenson, Shakespeare: 6 vols each set. $1.60 the set, delivered. An Anarchist Woman, by H. Hapgood. This extraordinary novel points out the nature, the value and also the tragic limitations of the social rebel. Published at $1.25 net; our price, 60c, postage paid. The Harbor, by Ernest Poole. A novel of remarkable power and vision in which are depicted the great changes taking place in American life, business and ideals. Under the tremendous influence of the great New York harbor and its workers, a young writer passes, in the development of his life and work, from a blind worship of enterprise and efficiency to a deeper knowledge and understanding of humanity. Send $1.50. The Research Magnificent, by H. G. Wells. New York: The Macmillan Co.   Send $1.50. Yvette—A Novelette—and Ten Other Stories, by Guy de Maupassant. Translated by Mrs. John Galsworthy. Introduction by Joseph Conrad.   Send $1.40. Poushkin's Prose Tales. Trans. from the Russian by T. Kane. 40c. "Wood and Stone," by John Cowper Powys. A new departure in English fiction. It suggests Dostoievsky rather than Mr. Wells, and Balzac rather than Mr. Galsworthy. In its attempt to answer some of the more dangerous dogmas enunciated by Nietzsche, it does not scruple to make drastic use of that great psychologist's devastating insight. More than 650 pages.  $1.50 net. Poetry and Drama Plays by August Strindberg. Fourth Series. Containing "The Bridal Crown," a Folk Play in Six Scenes; "The Spook Sonata;" "The First Warning," a Comedy in One Act; "Gustavus Vasa," a Historic Drama in Five Acts. Translated by Edwin Bjorkman.  $1.50 net. Plays by Anton Tchekoff. Second Series. Containing "On the High Road," "The Proposal," "The Wedding," "The Bear," "The Tragedian in Spite of Himself," "The Anniversary," "The Three Sisters," "The Cherry Orchard." Translated by Julius West.   $1.50 net. Towards Democracy, by Edward Carpenter. With portraits. 530 pages. This is Mr. Carpenter's greatest work. In ways it resembles Walt Whitman's "Leaves of Grass," but it is more modern, more an interpretation of our own age. $2.00 net. The Masterpieces of Modern Drama, edited by John A. Pierce, under the supervision of Brander Matthews. 2 vols. Sixty plays, summarized, with dialogue from the great scenes. Daniel Frohman says: "They are the most valuable contributions to a modern dramatic library that it has been my pleasure to possess. The selection is made with great taste and excellent discrimination.' $4.00 net for the 2 vols. Souls on Fifth, by Granville Barker. A satire on social life in Fifth Avenue as the author sees it. Frontispiece.  $1.00 net. The State Forbids, by Sada Cowan. A powerful one-act play dealing with Birth Control.  60c. net. The Masses Book Shop helps us to get out the Masses Magazine. It helps you by personal attention to your tastes, prompt and efficient service, and thorough knowledge of the book-publishing trade. We can obtain for you anything you want, whether it is advertised here or not. Lists of books on special subjects made up without charge. Books ordered through error gladly exchanged. "—and Other Poets," by Louis Untermeyer, author of "Challenge," etc. $1.25 net. The modern Parnassians, Frost, Masefield, Masters, Yeats, Amy Lowell, Noyes, Pound, "F. P. Á.," etc., are the victims in this irreverent volume of mirth and thought provoking parodies. My Marjonary, by Robert Carlton Brown of The Masses. Phantasy and verse, of distinct originality and personality. One of the few fesh notes sounded among American writers of to-day.   Boards, net, $1. Rhymes and  Vowlymes, by Fuller Miller. "Readable, radical, liberal in thought, and all popular."—Portland Oregonian. "He has projected against the world a new form of futurist verse which he calls vowlymes."—S. F. Call. "The verse itself, like the preface, in which these forms and the plea for freedom from conventions is made, is revolutionary."—Oregan Journal. Cloth. 60c; leather, 80c. Songs of Love and Rebellion. Covington Hall's best and finest poems on Revolution, Love and Miscellaneous Visions.  Send 40c. Songs of Labor. Translated from the great Jewish poet, Morris Rosenfeld, by Rose Pastor Stokes. Suitable for gift.   Send 75 cents. Child of the Amazons, and other Poems by Max Eastman. "Mr. Eastman has the gift of the singing line." —Vida D. Scudder. "A poet of beautiful form and feeling."—Wm. Marion Reedy.   $1.00 net. The Poet in the Desert, by Charles Erskine Scott Wood. A series of rebel poems from the Great American Desert, dealing with Nature, Life and all phases of Revolutionary Thought. Octavo gray boards. Price, $1.00. Six French Poets. Studies in contemporary literature. By Amy Lowell.   $2.50 net. The Collected Poems of Rupert Brooke. Introd. by G. E. Wood-berry.   Biographical note by Marg. Lavington.   $1.25 net. Anthology of Magazine Verse for 1915 and Year Book of American Poetry. Ed. by Wm. S. Braithwaite. $1.50 net. Plays of the Natural and the Supernatural, by Theodore Dreiser. Just out.  Send $1.35. Spoon River Anthology, by Edgar Lee Masters.   Price $1.25. Plays for Small Stages, by Mary Aldis. A book of practicable modern plays for amateur dramatic groups. $1.35 postpaid. (Continued on page 23) 4 Sunday   Night — Freed   From Bondage Drawn by Arthur Young. The MASSES Vol. VIII.  No. 7 MAY, 1916 Issue No. 59 THE  SIGHT  OF BLOOD Paul Greer FOR a week they had been in summer camp— young lawyers, old lawyers, merchants, stock gamblers and a sprinkling of clerks, carried away by the brass buttons and bugles of military life, or by the prospect of two weeks in the open, away from dull offices and shops. Seven days of soldier life, drilling, marching and counter-marching, scouting and attacking, had put them in a frame of mind where only one thing mattered; to master the game of war. To be prepared to defend the flag from the enemy—what could be greater ideal than that! Slavish obedience to their officers, a half-frenzied desire to answer each barked-out command with the proper spasm of action. Europe's war had taught them that trenches must be dug. Their hands were still blistered by mucking in the hard, yellow clay. It was the afternoon of Sunday. The thrill of bugles called the lounging thousand rookies from the shade. The Blue division, orders were, would march out into the wooded hillside. From this shelter they would attack the Red division, holding the trenches. Horses heaved the heavy guns up the slope. Motor trucks purred ahead with the shells. It was hot. The men grumbled as they marched, grunted and beefed at the orders that had deprived them of Sabbath rest. Even in real war it is thus. Men will curse their officers, yet genially, and with the desire to follow them to hell. On the summit the great cannon were emplaced. The gunners stood on tiptoes, held out their arms. The gigantic groan of a heavy blank charge sent enthusiastic blood mounting to their brains. The attack was on. Defiling along a path, then debouching in open order, they began firing their rifles from behind trees, as if they were boys again playing Indians. But there was no play this day. They shouted their desire to murder through their rifles. Closer to the trenches now, burning with a new lust to kill, they could see the flag of the enemy Reds above the trenches. How they hated it, forgetting that it stood for nothing but the childs' play of the moment. The young militia officer of the staff sent men to bring forward more cartridges from the base. The men pumped away, occasionally seeing a head above the trenches. The commanders of the Reds climbed out of the hole to view the approach. He walked up and down behind his men. Slowly . . . . slowly. A dozen Blues took careful aim; fired. Down below there on the burning clay a khaki clad figure leaped high and collapsed. The young militia officer gave a cheer. "'At a boy! We've got lead in our guns now, forward!" At the edge of the wood they were now. Spades and picks were brought up. A shallow breastwork behind which the attackers stretched in shelter was thrown up. Cheers now, cheers as men ran back to the Red colonel and started carrying him into the dugout. One of them fell. The blood on him was visible to the Blues. Roars of wild oaths cheered out. Up on the hilltop the big guns were still laboring. The young officer had gone back to spur them on. He must have seen the blood, too, for now real shells began to fall. The first one was short, and laid low twenty in the first line of the Blues. Cries of pleasure from the Reds found answer in a second shell that blew a great crater at one end of the Red entrenchment. A leg, bloody and battered, hurtled into the ranks of the Blues. Forward! The men put bayonet to gun. Cold steel was the medicine. The poor-spirited Reds had only been using blank shells in their defense, although for the last few minutes one or two daring spirits had been tossing tomato cans filled with powder across the brush that separated them from the Blue division. The sight of cold steel, however, dampened the spirits of even thees and the newspaper correspondents who had been enjoying the slaughter immensely. The Reds fled precipitously—fled in among their tents. Now the Blues rested, panting in the captured trench. The young officer came up in time to hack at two wounded Reds in the pit bottom. He ordered his men to face about and prepare to meet a counter attack. Activity was visible in the camp. The blood lust was now upon the Reds. Machine guns wehe there, and full munitions. Without pausing to dismember the parts, men carried the guns entire on their shoulders. Some stumbled, fell, bled, and, dying, urged on their pals. Through a hellish hail the tripods were placed at either end of the long trench. An enfilading fire! The Reds would sweep the long Blue line, caught without protection from the side.   No preparation had been made to meet this. The young officer reached for his book of instructions. He never learned the command. He toppled over. The Blues fell all about him. The Reds had won the day. And they, at least, they felt, were adequately prepared to defend their flag. THIS IS THE SIN NOT for the sudden slaying, nor the white brows wet with pain, Not for the living flesh that rots, hoping relief in vain; Not for the weary waiting, the sad, interminable days, Not for the hours of anguish after the shock and amaze, Not  for weeping  children  that huddle  in hapless groups, Not for the rapine and slaughter before victorious troops ; Not for these woes I indict thee, though these are caught in thy mesh,— Not merely these, O Great War, for these are but woes of the flesh! Gladly men die for their country, gladly they suffer pain,— What is the hurt of the body, if truly the spirit gain? But for the eyes that harden, the hearts that fill with hate And for the fears of dastard souls that dare not face their fate ! For silly tales of angels upon the field of Mons And seraphim in hospitals with sen-sen and bon-bons ! For partisans  and bigots,   for harness  so hard to cast,— (And all the ancient masters arising to make it fast), For  writing  the  words   "my  country"  where "my brother" should have been ; For bringing the old suspicions into the hearts of men ; For hoarding of bitter grudges, for marking of deadly scores, For these, indeed, I indict thee, greatest of bloody wars ! If thou hadst but injured the body, thou hadst taken a heavy toll, But how shall we requite thee when thou hast hurt the soul? Fuller Miller. THE MASSES 6 INTERVENTION EXPEDITION TO PUNISH VILLA THE SHADOW Drawn by K. R. Chamberlain. Why Labor is Against "Preparedness" JAMES H. MAURER, president of the Pennsylvania State Federation of Labor, speaking before the Senate Committee on Military Affairs, gave the position of organized labor on "preparedness." He said: "Our first reason, gentlemen, for opposing this stampede is that we can not see the use of it. We feel that instead of spending any more money for the army and navy, it would be patriotic on the part of Congress to investigate the places that have been absorbing the money spent in the last ten years for 'preparedness.' "Up to a few months ago the American people were told that they were 'prepared' to lick all creation. Ten months ago intervention in Mexico was talked of,— apparently we were 'prepared' for Mexico. When the Lusitania was sunk, the newspapers talked about our going to war with Germany. In fact the newspapers contended that we could get away with Mexico and Germany at the same time if we saw fit. "And now when the bottom drops out of those scares, we learn suddenly that we are not prepared for anything. We are told that we have a navy of old tubs and an army poorly equipped. Gentlemen, it is too much to accept in so short a time. We feel that we are not so poorly protected as some people contend. "Frankly, we feel that the munition makers are the most interested in this 'preparedness' program. We suspect they are the whole cause of this agitation. We can not see any reason for a foreign invasion unless we do something to provoke it. "If you had talked about a foreign invasion two years ago we might have been impressed by it. The European nations were prepared for it as never before. But for two years now they have been at war among themselves.   They have expended something like forty billions of their wealth and they have killed and wounded over eleven million of the best blood and stock in Europe. And now when they are so sunk in debt that some people fear that they can never pay the interest on what they owe, with their population reduced to cripples, women and children, when they are bleeding to death, now you say we have got to be afraid of them.   It don't look good to me. "I come from old American stock; I can trace my family back for over two hundred years in Pennsylvania, and if I thought that the gasping nations of Europe could thrash us Americans, I would be ashamed to be an American. We blow about our American manhood and honor and here we are preparing against nations that are actually to be pitied! "They tell us we ought to be prepared against a secret, spontaneous outbreak. What does that mean? Is there anything on the inside that you haven't told us about? President Wilson said in his speech in my own state a few days ago that in a moment there may be a conflagration; perhaps next week, perhaps next month. Well, I think we American people ought to know what that danger is. I am satisfied that the German people and the Austrian people and the people of the Allies wish today that they had known what the trouble was before the conflagration started in Europe. There wouldn't have been the mess there is now! "I suppose none of us feel that we ought to disarm as long as there is a civilized nation on earth that is armed. I suppose that is the practical view. But we are three thousand miles from Europe and several thousand miles from the Asiatics. Suppose the Germans win. The best they can hope for is to secure land. If they get that they have got to police it and their soldiers must be Germans. Could she do that and come over and make war on the United States? I do not think so. Suppose she started. What would the Allies be doing? And if the Allies should make war on us, what would Germany and Austria be doing? No, you can not figure it out no matter how you try. "But I'll tell you the real reason for 'preparedness.' The American capitalists are financing the European war; they are supplying the munitions of war and the methods of destruction. They are not selling for cash but on credit. Millions of dollars are today bought with pieces of paper with crooked marks on it, promissory notes, and the banking interests are furnishing money to the manufacturers so they can pay wages and buy supplies. These promises to pay are piling up higher and higher. Some day there will be an end to this European war and then over there in Europe they will get around a table—it's a pity they didn't get around a table before the war broke out—and then they will discuss the question of settlement. "Suppose, gentlemen, that they decide to hold the munition manufacturers of America responsible. Suppose they refuse to pay the robber prices which American manufacturers have been charging them. Suppose they agree to pay only what things are worth, or perhaps even to repudiate the whole thing. Then a big army and navy would be a good thing for the American capitalist to have at that time. They would like to send us working men abroad as collectors for them. I tell you we refuse! "I want to be frank with you. We absolutely refuse to be dragged into this thing. We are sick and tired of being turned into fodder for cannons and then have to pay the bills besides. You are going to tax us to pay for 'preparedness' and then you propose to go into our homes and take out our brothers and fathers and sons and use them for fighting. If it's right to take a poor man's life, it's right to take the rich man's fortune.  We are going to have some voice in this thing." THE MASSES 7 Preparoodle REV. WILLIAM T. MANNING, rector of Trinity Church, New York (dealers in religion and real estate),  says:  "Preparedness,  adequate preparedness, will command peace." This profound truth has been demonstrated in all our leading hemispheres except two. THE Supreme Court has been asked to settle an old boundary dispute between New Hampshire and Vermont. These two states are evidently not in what the Colonel calls a "heroic mood." They ought to get out and blow the property off of the disputed strip, abolish each other's male populations and sink themselves into debt for 860 years. DELAWARE Republicans are booming du Pont for President.   An ideal candidate for the Fighters and Bleeders.   With little Marjorie for a running mate he could "lick all creation." SAYS Charles S. Mellen, referring to the New Haven wreck: "I don't think that Mr. Elliott or any of the officials in charge were any more responsible for the disaster than I was for the smash-ups which occurred during my administration." A new low record in compliments. A HEADLINE—"Want New Haven to Run Sound Boats."   Others would be satisfied if they would run a sound railroad. A FINANCIAL writer in the Tribune rejoices in a recent slump in stock which cleaned out so many of the small fry. "Securities," he says, "are in stronger hands as a result of the shakeout." There is more joy in Wall Street over one lamb that is fleeced than over the ninety and nine that get away with their watches and chains. THE New York Times is indignant over the proposal to establish "white and black blocks" in St. Louis. "'Jim Crow' cars and separate schools, which Missouri has, seem not in point. They injure no property rights." Merely human ones. "WHY work?" asks the Times, referring to the eight-hour movement.   "No hours of labor is the final and perfect platform." The coupon clippers come nearest to this ideal—an hour every six months. THE captain of the German raider, Moewe, seems to think that the rumor that Britannia rules the waves is greatly exaggerated. AT a mass meeting in Hoboken, German-Americans were urged to boycott the English language and gradually force everybody to speak German. Note of anxiety: will we have to learn to love the Crown Prince ? HUNTER COLLEGE is the latest to adopt the Ward and Gow censorship, having threatened with expulsion two students who were selling the radical intercollegiate magazine, "Challenge." Why not shake an advertisement out of it? (Business of tuning harp): Send your girl to Hunter College. We're a highly moral crowd, For the good ones all are Warded And the naughty ones are Gowed. Howard Brubaker. Don't Look in the Kitchen Kitchen of Secret Diplomacy Never mind how it is made--eat it.  Mr. Citizen Drawn by Arthur Young. "THE WOMAN REBEL" (To Margaret Sanger) AT last a voice that knew not how to lie, A call articulate above the throng Of those who whispered of a secret wrong, And longed for liberty and passed it by. The voice of one with rebel head held high, Whose strength was not the fury of the strong, But whose clear message was more keen than song, A bugle to the dawn, a battle cry. There is a new rebellion on the earth Because of your voice militant, that broke The silence which the puritans had made; Because you hailed the sacredness of birth, The dignity of love emancipate, and spoke, A woman unto women, unafrid. Walter Adolphe Roberts. PURSERY RHYME SING a song of Europe, Highly civilized. Four and twenty nations Wholly hypnotized. When the battles open The bullets start to sing; Isn't that a silly way To act for any king? The kings are in the background Issuing commands; The queens are in the parlor, Per etiquette's demands. The bankers in the counting house Are busy multiplying; The common people at the front, Are doing all the dying. Gen. Isaac R. Sherwood. Member of Congress from the Toledo, O., district. Marjorie Bunting's Electric Chair DEAR MARJORIE: Here is a money order for $1.95 toward the building of a new electric chair; this sum being a joint collection from my grandchildren. Ten cents each from—I am not certain of their names, for they are not born yet, and my son, though a manly young fellow is only eight—but I expect to call most of them Marjorie, Margery, Marjoram, Majolica, Magenta, etc. The nickel is from a possible descendant who may be a half-breed. . . Let me congratulate you at this time upon the great work you have undertaken. It is patriotic in the highest sense, and I may add, economic. And what blessings it will bring to the human race! I hope that your chair will be so large and strong that our list of electrocutions will stagger the world. And I want to go on record as one of its first endorsers. More than that, I want to be one of its first users.— But I would not care to push in front of older and more deserving folk. I am perfectly willing to wait until the chair has been filled by such notables as Messrs. Ward and Gow, Miss Eva Tanguay, the Rev. Dr. Parkhurst, the representatives in Congress who insist that it is immoral to question a nine-year old child's right to work in the mills, the war-editor of the N. Y. Tribune, the imitators of Charlie Chaplin and Charlie Chaplin, John D. Rockefeller, ehe various noncensors of the public morals, and all those dear people who tell you "I'm broad-minded myself, and it's all right to be liberal, BUT—!" Yours for the electric shock-Louis Untermeyer. Press Pearl REPORTS that the United States Government is planning to purchase the northern part of Mexico have reached Washington.—Bogota, N. J., Review.   8 National School Camp Association Giving Them a Taste of It Drawn by Maurice Becker The latest militarist scheme proposes to "organize all schoolboys over  12  years  of age into  military organizations" and train them as soldiers THE MASSES. 9 The Game THE children played with all the intentness and enthusiasm of their lusty young bodies, and the quiet street resounded with their throaty clamor. It was an imagined battle field, and they a conquering army, entering upon it in glittering splendor with bugle notes and drums. Now it was a treacherous wood, where as scouts they lurked from tree to tree. Their shrill young voices imitated trumpet calls. Beneath a narrow strip of city sky they enacted the Great War. Virgile Leroux—his father was a sergeant—led the little band.   His word was law. "Charge!" he would yell, clutching a wooden sword and pointing a direction. "Steady—Halt!" They halted in confused ranks, their cheeks flaming, their eyes watchful. "Right about—march—one, two—one, two." The Leroux boy strutted, jigging his wooden sword and counting rhythms. "One, two." The women looked on approvingly. "The little dears! If their fathers could only see them!" A gaunt, sombre woman, who lived on the ground floor next to the butcher's shop, forbade her boy Philippe to join in the game. She had lost her eldest, the wage-earner, in the battle of the Marne. When Virgile led his noisy band past her window, she would pinch her sad lips in a grim line and mutter:   "Is it not enough to take our men?" Philippe, a peaked mite, flattened his nose against the window pane and whined, "Can't I play, too, mother? Say, can't I? They make fun of me." His mother shook him fiercely, crying: "No, d'you hear me! And you in mourning for your brother! Shame on you!" Philippe felt ashamed. He spent his time at the window, watching. He felt lonely. Before the war the boys had been his friends. Now they jeered and mocked at him because he would not play. One day Virgile called after him, "Boche!—" The others took up the cry. After that, when his mother sent him on an errand, the band would chase him, whooping and waving their arms. The "Boche" became the chief sport of the game —a ready made enemy. Sentries were posted at his door to signal his appearances. Scouts reconnoitered stealthily beneath his window, creeping at twilight from the shadows. One day, Virgile's father, Sergeant Leroux, came home on leave. This was a great event. All the neighbors vied with one another to do him honor. He was a boisterous little man. His faded blue uniform hung clumsily over his narrow shoulders and heels. His blue helmet was too big for him, and came down drolly over his ears. But everyone agreed that he was a hero. Virgile and his friends trailed after him, gaping with adoration, wherever he went. Virgile imitated his father's walk, his manner, his gestures. He showed his father what he and his comrades had learned. Whenever Sergeant Leroux went in or out of the shop, Virgile would shrill a command. "Present arms—Salute." Their small bodies would stiffen as they drew up in martial line and crooked their elbows. Sergeant Leroux was delighted. He would put them through the maneuvers, advising, correcting, teaching them how to do this and that properly. He knew everything about war, and could answer all their questions.  When he was not sure, he would wag his head wisely, and put a finger to his lips, as if there were some secrets he must not divulge. The last evening of his stay, the city was in a gentle and pensive mood, the air warmer. After supper, he sat in the open door of the shop. Virgile's friends circled him gravely, their eyes bright with excitement. Their hero was going back to fight. Then he told them all over again tales of what he had seen and done. The quiet little street became crimson with gusts of battle and deeds of valor. As Sergeant Leroux talked he gesticulated fiercely. He evoked the brilliant courage of men, their wild charges up the ravaged hills, the rattle of guns, hoarse commands, and lusty urge of officers. He told of men who with last shred of life joined in the advancing confusion of victory and fell nobly for their country. He told of enemies who skulked, stampeded, murdered; how they lurched and lay squirming along uprooted fields, their helmets crushed like egg-shells, their bayonets twisted and bent.   The roar of death and defeat was in the air. The hearts of the avid listeners beat like small clawing eagles learning how to fly. With parted lips and rapt expressions they stood motionless. When Sergeant Leroux had finished, well pleased with his eloquence, he smiled at his young disciples. They fluttered about. One wanted to touch his sword. It was too heavy to lift. Virgile wanted to know how a revolver was loaded. His father showed him. The boy followed every detail of the lesson. Then Sergeant Leroux unloaded the revolver and instructed Virgile to take it to his room. Virgile knew where it was kept; also where the small box of cartridges was hidden. He had often hovered about this revolver, fingering it enviously. When he rejoined his comrades they were forming in line, drawn up stiffly in front of the Sergeant, who directed them. "That's right.... Hold your heads straight.... Hands at the sides—One, two, mark step. Here, Virgile, my child, show me what you have learned." Virgile saluted and whirled around as he had seen his father do. Then he headed the little procession. It wavered self-consciously, adjusted itself, and marched in front of the shop. Virgile, flushed and important, gave orders in a sharp, nervous voice. Neighbors came out and stood watching. The little boys quivered with excitement. They were soldiers ready to defend their country. Their minds were alive with the great drama. Philippe slunk fearfully out of his house, and hurried up the street, glancing about. His mother had sent him for bread. He skirted the shadow of houses, holding his head down so that his tormentors should not see him. He was well away before Virgile noticed his shrinking figure passing the butcher's shop. "On, my men!" he shrilled. But instead of waving his sword, he took out from his pocket his father's revolver. He slanted his body and leaped forward, shaking high the steel blue weapon. They followed him, at a gallop, like young furies. They were on spirited horses ; the cries of comrades resounded, and the groans of the dying.   Cannons boomed. The enemy fled. The air was full of smoke and gloom and unearthly noise. Suddenly there was a report and a fierce scream. The enemy, turning the corner, staggered and fell. The street was in an uproar. Then out of a house, gaunt and terrible, dashed a woman in black with crazed eyes. She zigzagged over the pavement waving her arms. The hour of mimicry was over. The little soldiers huddled in a group, immobile with fear, stared at the fragment that tossed and wriggled like a trampled insect in the middle of the road; and then lay still. "Philippe, what have they done to you!" screamed the woman. "Is this what you teach your children today?" Dark and haggard, she raised and shook her fists in vain anguish. Marie Louise Van Saanen. MUNITIONS OF WAR LABORATORY Militarism.    the press. 'I am proud of the fact that I never invented weapons to kill' Thomas Edison in N. Y. Times June 8, 1915 EDISON POOR TOM!—HE COULDN'T HOLD OUT Drawn by Arthur Young THE MASSES. 10 LOVE AT SEA WIND smothers the snarling of the great ships, And the serene gulls are stronger than turbines; Mile upon mile the hiss of a stumbling wave breaks unbroken— Yet stronger is the power of your lips for my lips. This cool green liquid death shall toss us living Higher than high heaven and deeper than sighs— But O the abrupt, stiff, sloping, resistless foam Shall not forbid our taking and our giving ! Life wrenched from its roots—what wretchedness! What waving of lost tentacles like blind sea-things ! Even the still ooze beneath is quick and profound— I am less and more than I was, you are more and less. I cried upon God last night, and God was not where I cried ; He was slipping and balancing on the thoughtless shifting planes of sea. Careless and cruel, he will unchain the appalling sea-gray engines— But the speech of your body to my body will not be denied ! John Reed. Unclaimed YOU'VE seen the patient this morning, then?" The Doctor closed the door of the little office and seated himself.  "You talked with her?" "Yes." Mrs. Remington's fingers twisted in the folds of her silk mourning. "She clung to me and begged me to rescue her from the plot against her." "She refuses to see the child.   Swears it isn't hers." "How can she go on lying?" Mrs. Remington spoke with slow abhorence. "She fooled us all." The doctor tipped his chair, one hand smoothing his neat little beard. "Even the surgeon ! Think of operating for a tumor and finding a child developed so far it lives." "This morning she lay there so gaunt—" Mrs. Remington's thin lips trembled. "I told her if she'd only trust me, I'd understand. And she would only beg me to help her. She's never lied. Thirty years she's been my maid—since she was a girl. She's been a good woman, religious, faithful. But since you suggested that was the trouble—four months ago—she's been crazy with denying it. I must get at the truth. I need her. I'm selfish. But I haven't much left, and she's been fond of me." Mrs. Remington raised her hand to hide the twitching of her lips, a long, blue-veined hand. "She'll be out in a fortnight." The doctor stared through the window at the patch of sunlit lawn in front of the hospital. "She's got an amazing constitution for a woman of forty." "But I can't take her! I hate lies. I've been lied to—" Mrs. Remington threw back her slender old shoulders. "How could I take her, with this monstrous lie?" "Well—" The doctor rose, letting his chair drop. "You know, I think she's not lying. I think she believes what she says." "She couldn't—if that child is hers." "Mrs. Remington, did you ever shut your eyes to something you didn't wish to see? Something in another person, perhaps?" The faint color in the woman's face dragged out, leaving ravaged, wrinkled skin. "We all do that, I fancy," the doctor continued. "We try to about ourselves. Most of us don't succeed very well. But suppose a terrible thing happens. You can't see how it could have happened. You pray that it may not be true. Your whole life contradicts it. Do you understand me " "Yes." The monosyllable escaped through unmoving lips. "Your Mary was a simple woman. Something happened. She saw the fabric of her existence ruined. She refused to believe. Her devotion to you helped. She was more successful than most of us. She convinced herself." "So that she believed—Oh, that's impossible." In each of Mrs. Remington's cheeks glowed a red spot. "Nothing is impossible. Even if she was drugged when she was assaulted, my theory holds good for the months since. And if we force the truth on her, she'll go mad." Mrs. Remington's demanding black eyes held the doctor's for a moment. "Very well," she said, finally. "If you believe that, I can accept it. And the child? What is to be done with that?" "There are foundling asylums. If you wished the financial responsibility, there are women who would care for it." "It is a healthy child?" Drawn by Mell Daniell "Fine!" exclaimed the doctor, with a touch of professional enthusiasm. "Perfectly formed little girl, except one slight thing. Nothing serious. A trace of web-toe. Interesting, because it runs in families. Might serve to track the father, only you aren't after notoriety." "That—that runs in families!" Mrs. Remington's words were a dry whisper. She turned away from the doctor, putting up a hand to draw the crepe veil over her face. When she turned toward him, the veil blurred her features. Only her eyes showed, deep-sunken, black. "I will pay for the child's care." She rose, swaying. The doctor stepped toward her, but she avoided his arm. "I can't well take the child—and Mary. Find a woman—a good woman. You may tell Mary I am waiting for her." The doctor laid his hand on the door. "You are not looking well yourself, Mrs. Remington," he said. "This has been a strain, coming so soon after your husband's death. You should go away—forget unpleasant things-" "Believe they are not true?" Mrs. Remington bowed. "I am quite well, I thank you. Good morning." And she walked out of the building, where her carriage, with its restless sleek horses, stood waiting in the April sun. Helen R. Hull. I, A MINOR POET I DO not like my songs. I want to voice the joy of life, The splendor of action, the clarion-call of beauty, the transport of dreams, The fun of this great high-hearted adventure, The rapture of being alive, But whenever I open my mouth to sing, Out comes a plaintive wail. Confound it! E. Ralph Cheyney. MANHATTAN WE contemplate with pride our vast researches, Then turn highwaymen for our wives and wenches. We meet as bosom friends in clubs and churches, As foes again we meet in trades and trenches. Our subways run with subterranean lurches. Our City Hall's the abode of all the virtues,— Off with the lid and air the swarm of stenches. We toot, we loot, yet full are all park benches. Our daily papers blare out smuts and smirches. The drivel flows on tap in dribs and drenches And   brothels,   slums,   morgues,   keyholes, sewers, searches, Though not one bit our tipsy pride it wrenches Or jars us off our dirty, lofty perches,— While we can quaff those queer Manhattan quenches. Edwards P. Ingersoll. MACDOUGAL STREET BILL, pipe all these cute little red dolls' houses. They're jammed full of people with cold noses and bad livers Who look out of their windows as we go roaring by under the stars Disgustingly drunk with the wine of life, And write us up for the magazines. Irwin Granich. THE MASSES 11 JOHN COOK JOHN COOK, the clerk, Shut down his desk. The plain, yellow walled office Held him a moment inanimate As if he were part of its furniture— Covered typewriters, chairs and filing cases, Waste paper baskets on the bare board floor— One with its stillness and miscellany. Then he walked out into the hall and stood before a window there. The city stretched in roof-tops under him. Away toward the Battery and the Bay A gray sharp barrier stood Crusted with diamond points, A glittering pile against the west and night. John Cook looked over there. He forgot the people who employed him And the bread-wage like the thirty pieces of silver they paid him, For which he sold the dream which was his Master. Doubtless to them his soul seemed Wooden and varnished, Just as his body seemed to them, wooden and varnished, When they came into the office And did not distinguish him from its fixtures. Then he thought, to himself, there alone: "Beauty whereby we live! The Egyptian built his pyramid Yet he never saw anything like that, Given to me to see, And I couldn't buy one stone to set on another ! Would I rather have seen the walls of Babylon or gated Troy Or look over there At Mt. Woolworth and Mt. Singer Above the lesser summits of their range, Eire-netted in the sky ! What is weariness and worry and silence to that sight which 1 can drink Thankfully at one wise pull of vision and splendor. . . . "Clear water at the end of day You hold for me, Brides of Hope, Lifting your giant lovelinesses to the dusk, Draped from crown to hem with ropes of light— Mt. Singer and Mt. Woolworth, my sisters, Eire-netted in the sky !" Wilton Agnew Barrett. Definitions GEORGIA is the State that burns men alive for the honor of its women—when it isn't for the alleged stealing of live-stock. The age of consent in Georgia is ten years. This is Chivalry. Madam, the Press is wed to Preparedness. But she will coquet with Anti-preparedness if it can pay advertising rates. This is Business. Our Anarchist friends—with apologies to them for this juxtaposition—are afraid of equal suffrage, lest the Wife of the Boss should vote. Implying that the views of bosses are in the majority. This is Logic. Elizabeth Waddell. Drawn by Eugene Higgins. This tragedy might have been averted if the poor fellow had not been so hasty. The Society to Prevent the Selling of Rope to Starving Men had just introduced their bill into Congress. The Tenement Purification Society was lobbying infavor of a change in the Building Code which would limit the height of ceilings in working-class districts to five and a half feet. The Sunshine Sorority for Compulsory Cheerfulness had just raised a million dollars to send its workers into the slums to read the works of Walt Mason and Ralph Waldo Trine to the unemployed.   12 THE HUNKY WOMAN Helen Forbes THE kitchen clock struck five. Down in the cement-floored laundry the tired washerwoman straightened her bent shoulders while she counted the slow strokes, then she went on with her work of sprinkling the freshly dried linen. When the last damp roll was placed in the clothes-basket she covered the whole with a wide Turkish towel, shoved it under the table and went upstairs. Mrs. Atwood was waiting to give her the day's wages; this perfect housekeeper made it her duty to pay personally every worker she employed, using that point of contact as an opening wedge to an intimate knowledge of their conditions and needs. "You'll be here early to-morrow for the ironing, won't you, Annie?" She spoke in a tone that invited confidence. "Yes." And the stubby fingers snatched the money from Mrs. Atwood's outstretched hand. The woman did not lift her eyes high enough to see the smile, her ears did not catch the friendly tone, and she turned away with a movement that seemed sullenly abrupt. She threw her shawl over her shoulders, twitched it close at her throat, and without a word of farewell opened the back door and went out into the foggy night. Mrs. Atwood stood at the window and watched the squat ugly figure as it stumped down the narrow path to the alley. There was something stolid, something typical of the woman's race in the very way her dingy skirt drabbled over the rain-soaked grass. This creature baffled all Mrs. Atwood's attempts at establishing a bond of sympathy. Many a Bridget and Maggie had profited by their mistress's advice and by the very tangible assistance that never failed to accompany it. But Annie Szorza, this woman from Central Europe, was beyond anything in Mrs. Atwood's previous experience. It seemed impossible to touch the inner consciousness of this stolid lump, this self-regulating machine that arrived at the kitchen door promptly on Monday and Tuesday mornings, coming from no known place and working all day long without complaint, without any sign of enjoyment. That evening Mrs. Atwood told her perplexity to her husband. "There," she said, "I might as well try to be nice to the ironingboard. I'd get exactly the same response." "Then what's the use of bothering? You can't understand her because there's nothing to understand. These Hunkies are all alike ; as much emotion in a Hunky as there is in a bump on a log." "But she's such a good laundress." "No doubt. That's what she's meant for. Hunkies are brought over here to work ; they're only half human." Peasant-fashion, Annie Szorza walked home from her work. The lighted cars flashed by as she plodded along the wet pavement, yet it did not occur to her that she might stop one of them and ride. Shaking with the chill of the penetrating fog and drizzle, she shuffled through the mud and wet, her eyes fixed on the ground, just as a tired horse hangs his head as he draws the empty wagon back to the barns at the end of the day. Her home was the upper floor of a two-storied shack that occupied a corner of a great tract of waste land lying on the main thoroughfare between the business section of the city and the fashionable residences. Behind the unpainted shanty the hill rose steeply, as barren as a hillside in Thibet; in front of it, but partly hidden beneath the bluff, ran the river. And crowning the desolation, the house was propped on either side by gigantic billboards, hideous with glaring advertisements. Yet the shanty owed its existence to these monstrosities ; without their help it would have tumbled into ruins, it was so old and ramshackle. When Annie reached the house she stopped downstairs at Mrs. Tapolsky's to get her children. The babies were glad to see her, but she did not lean over to kiss them; she was too tired. Carrying the smaller child and pushing little Annie ahead of her she stumbled up the unlighted stairs to her own tenement. Then the last section of her day began. She put the baby in the center of the great bed that filled half the room and proceeded to get supper. Experience had taught little Annie what to do. She seated herself on a box under the table where she was out of the way of her mother's blundering haste, and found temporary consolation in her thumb. At last everything was ready. It was the baby's turn first. From his post on the bed he watched the warm milk being poured into his cup and set up an eager howl.   He was hungry. A sharp rap sounded on the door and the knob rattled. Annie put the milk back on the stove and hurried to see who was outside. Pressing her back with the opening door, a policeman pushed his way into the room. "You're here, are you," and the man strode heavily across the room and flung open the cupboard door. "Where's your man ?" At all times English speech came slowly to Annie and now she could not frame an articulate reply. The muttered syllables might have been Ancient Egyptian for all the policeman understood. "Where's your man ?   Answer !" "My man he ain't here.   I dunno." "Well, I got you anyway. Put on your bonnet and come along." "What you want?" asked Annie. Then she added, "I don't work no more to-night." The man burst into a roar. "She thinks I've got her a job !" "What you want?" she repeated anxiously. "You can guess all right. Your carryings-on with your old man has been found out. His brother-in-law's come oyer from the old country and caught him, see? Next time you'd better make yourself safe with a real husband." The woman caught the meaning of the words. "He is my husband!" she cried indignantly.   "The priest—" "That'll do ! Come along !" and he seized her by the arm. Annie tried to pull herself lose. "My babies ! I ain't fed my babies yet.   By and by I go." The man's voice changed to a roar. "When I say come I mean it! I can't be waiting here all night. You'll have to leave the kids." Although the baby had been screaming all this time, little Annie had kept quiet, watching with frightened eyes. She knew that crying would do her no good : she could have nothing to eat until her brother had his milk. But when she saw her mother pushed toward the stairs she realized there was no immediate prospect of supper for either of them and she burst into a yell that drowned the baby's cry. "Oh, my babies, my babies !" sobbed the mother over and over again.   "My babies ain't had nothing: to eat!" As  the  patrol-wagon  jolted  over  the cobbles she entreated  incessantly,  "I  go  back  one  little minute, please!   Just one little minute!" It was not until she reached the station-house that she accepted the inevitable, but all night long she sat on the edge of her cot swaying back and forth in her misery.   "Oh, my babies, my babies !" Her husband was routed out from some hiding place and after a few days the case came up for trial. The indignant brother-in-law proved that Szorza had left a wife and family in Europe, but since Annie was not responsible in any way she was dismissed with kindly warnings and advice. But Annie was absorbed in the hope of seeing the children. Once or twice she had tried to tell the matron of her trouble, but she began so stupidly and used such broken English that she failed to make herself understood. "Of course you left your babies. You'd not be bringing them to jail would you?" After that Annie could do nothing but wait. Probably Mrs. Tapolsky was taking care of them ; she would come up to see why they were crying so long. But Mrs. Tapolsky was an old woman and it tired her to be with the children even a few hours. What had she done with them ? In that city of coal-dust and fog, night often prolongs itself far into the morning hours and at eleven o'clock Annie walked home beneath lighted street-lamps. With the accumulated energy of her days in prison, she pushed forward in a straight line, men and women standing aside as she pushed on, regardless of the rules of the road. Teamsters drew in their horses directly over her head, boys with heavy pushcarts dug their heels between the cobbles and threw their weight backwards until they resembled acrobats, automobiles swerved and she escaped by a hair's breadth. Panting, she stopped outside Mrs. Tapolsky's door to listen and catch her breath; then she rushed into the room without knocking. Mrs. Tapolsky rose, pressing her hand to her heart, while her spool and scissors clattered to the floor. "What do you mean, scaring me so? Where have you been, you wicked woman?" "My babies!   Where are they?" "Eh! What do you care? You do not deserve to know.   They are not here." "Upstairs then." And she was trampling overhead before Mrs. Tapolsky guessed what she meant. The upper floor was as empty as the room below. Back she came to Mrs. Tapolsky. "Where are they?" Her round dark eyes looked out of a face green with weariness and fear and anxiety. "Why did you leave them?" And not until Annie's story was done would the stolid old woman tell a word of what had happened. She began at last, speaking slowly and severely, as though she still held Annie responsible for what had happened. Mrs. Tapolsky had gone around the corner to buy her supper when the patrol-wagon came and the street had calmed down before she returned, and though she heard the children crying, she was too busy to care to learn what was the matter with them. At supper her husband complained of the noise, but she reminded him of how often their own babies had cried themselves to sleep.   By and by the house was still. In the middle of the night she was awakened by the children's screaming; it seemed strange that she did not hear the thud of their mother's feet. As she sat up in bed, leaning on her elbow to listen and wonder.  THE MASSES  13 the boy stopped crying. He broke short off, with a curious sob. And little Annie's cry became fainter and fainter until she too was quiet again. Early next morning Mrs. Tapolsky went upstairs ; she felt sure that Annie was ill and in need of help. Finding the door unlocked, she entered. Little Annie was lying on the floor, and on the bed, thrown back among the pillows, was the baby, dead. The neighbors looked down upon Hunkies, so nobody gossiped with the Tapolskys, and they remained in ignorance of what had happened to Mrs. Szorza. As the hours passed by, and then the days, their fears changed to righteous anger; surely nothing but deliberate desertion was keeping" her away. On the third day Tapolsky notified the city and they carried off the baby; he said it was his own grandchild, to avoid explanations. And Mrs. Tapolsky wrapped the little girl in a corner of her shawl and took her to the Associated Charities. That was all. Mrs. Tapolsky made no attempt to soften the ugly story, and she stopped speaking without a word of sympathy, waiting to see what the mother would do, and looking at her curiously. While she listened Annie sat perfectly quiet. It seemed as if she did not understand. But when she saw that Mrs. Tapolsky had no more to tell, she rose and went out. Mrs. Tapolsky took her shawl from the hook and followed, instantly realizing what her neighbor had in mind. The two were alike in that action took the place of speech. Together they climbed the rickety flight of stairs that led over Grimes Hill to Dover Street and the Temporary Home. When little Annie was given back to her, the mother held her close, as if she could never bear to put her down again, but when they were out of sight of the institution she gave the child to Mrs. Tapolsky. "Take her," she said, "I go find work by Mrs. Atwood." And half-runnning, she hurried down the street. Without really understanding how kind Mrs. Atwood meant to be, Annie did know that of all her employers she was the fairest and most considerate, and now the woman turned to her in this great trouble. "Have you been sick?" asked Mrs. Atwood. "Naw.   I been to jail." "To jail !" echoed the horrified woman.    "Mercy !" But Annie interrupted. She had no notion of the best way to tell what had happened; it seemed to her that the result of her imprisonment was the only important thing now. In her mind the tragedy completely outweighed the injustice. "My baby die." Her face was hard and set in her respectful effort not to break down in Mrs. Atwood's presence. This statement, following on the heels of the previous announcement, suggested but one thing to Mrs. Atwood. "You killed your baby?" Her voice was terrible. "Yes!" Annie shrank back against the wall and covered her face. And then her courage and anger came back together.   "No !   That policeman !" As she listened to the broken explanation, mere scraps and hints of unintelligible horrors, Mrs. Atwood felt annoyed at what was plainly a badly made up lie ; such terrible things could not happen. At last she said, "There is no need of telling me any more. You are not speaking the truth." The heavy lines in Annie's dull face moved strangely: square and stupid, with short nose and wide nostrils, it resembled the face of an ape. The sight of her was repulsive. Mrs. Atwood continued, turning away her eyes. "How could I ever trust you, after the way you failed me last week? You left the clothes all damp. They might have been ruined." "I don't do that once more." "Hould could I tell that? I'm sorry for you if you need work and can't get it, but I can't think of trying you again." Then Mrs. Atwood's voice grew colder still. "And I will not have anyone in my house who has been in jail." "That's what my man did, not me!" It was a cry of despair, but Mrs. Atwood did not recognize it. "I'm not so certain that it was altogether your husband's fault. Things like that don't happen in this country. Besides, there is nothing more to be said about it ; I have engaged someone else." The back door closed and Annie found herself on the steps outside. "I told you," said Mr. Atwood that evening, "those Hunkies are just animals." "I guess you're right," sighed Mrs. Atwood. Drawn by Frank Renne. 1915 TOY GUNS THE rain is slipping", dripping down the street. The day is gray as ashes on the hearth. The children play with soldiers made of tin. While you sew, Row after row. The tears are slipping, dripping one by one. Your son has shot and wounded his small brother. The mimic battle's ended with a sob. While you dream Over your seam. The blood is slipping, dripping drop by drop. The men are dying in the trench's mud. The bullets search the quick among the dead. While you drift, The Gods sift. The ink is slipping, dripping from the pens, On papers "White" and "Orange," "Red" and Gray." History for the children of tomorrow. While you prate About Fate. War is slipping, dripping death on earth, If the child is father of the man Is the toy gun father of the Krupps? For Christ's sake think ! While you sew, Row after row. Pauline B. Barrington. 14  Parade of 2,000,000 Charity Workers, to Be Held in 1950, in Honor For Rent For Sale Houndafeller Foundation Charity Dept No. 666 United Charity Co. Coupons Given Bundle Day Brotherhood Northeast Chapter Foundlings Encouragement Ass'n No Questions Asked Drawn by K. R. Chamberlain. Constabulary "WHILE everybody is excited over preparations for War let us put over that State Constabulary," seems to be the position of the New York State Police Committee, which is sponsor for the State Constabulary Bill introduced into the Assembly. A State Constabulary is to the Labor Unions like a red rag to a bull. It will be fought by the whole labor force of the State. That means five hundred thousand organized working men and women.   They know that if they do not fight the bill now, the State Constabulary together with the armored motor cars recently presented to the New York State Militia by the Standard Oil  Company will later on crush them as strikers. It is understood that the bill is specific in the right it gives the Governor to call on the constabulary in time of strikes. The constabulary has a history. The Commission of Industrial Relations after careful investigation reported : "It  is  an  extremely  efficient  force  for crushing strikes, but it is not successful in preventing violence in connection with strikes, in maintaining the legal and civil rights of the parties to the dispute, nor in protecting the public. On the contrary, violence seems to increase rather than diminish when the constabulary is brought into an industrial dispute; the legal and civil rights of the workers have on numerous occasions been violated by the constabulary; and citizens not in any way connected with the dispute and innocent of any interference with the constabulary have been brutally treated and in one case shot down by members   15 of a Destitute Person Found in the Slums Organized Bread Lines Corporation Epitholic Charities Inc $ The $ National Charities Co. Branch 7411 Society to  Poor $ Poverty Preservation League Limited Jewish New York City alone has now some 10,000 paid workers for organized charity. of the constabulary, who have escaped punishment for their acts. Organized upon a strictly military basis, it appears to assume in taking the field in connection with a strike, that the strikers are its enemies and the enemies of the State, and that a campaign should be waged against them as such." The existing military or police force is more unwieldy for strike purposes, that is, for strikes in rural districts ; constabulary can be swung into line, ordered to any part of the State five minutes after a boss has rung up the Executive Mansion at Albany saying that his workers have struck and they must be dealt with. The refusal of Governor Hunt of Arizona to comply with the demand of the mine owners of that State to suppress the strikers by force, saved that particular situation from the violence which invariably follows police interference. But Governor Hunt's action is unique, and labor has no doubt about the reaction of Governors who get hurry-up calls from employers in times of strikes. Labor has no doubt about the consequences which will follow this bill—if passed. Helen Marot. Pathetic and Comic THE United States Army is "the most pathetic thing that ever came along in history," according to an officer, a Colonel in that army, quoted by the newspapers. To him it is pathetic because it is not large enough. There are other things—almost, perhaps quite, as pathetic. For instance—An esprit du corps which sanctions and encourages hazing, cheating, stealing of examination papers, assault on unpopular instructors, lobbying, and underhand appeals to Congressional influence by cadets and midshipmen, the future leaders of a patriotic and noble body of defenders.—A Major General, who stands by and listens without protest while a large body of recruits is harangued, and ridicule and abuse is heaped on the civil government and the highest executive.—An ex-President, who tells the same recruits and patriotic defenders of their country, that certain of their fellow-citizens, because the speaker violently disagrees with them, should be shot in the back.—A body of officers which apparently can think only of increasing the numbers of our troops, and seem to have failed utterly to grasp the fact made very plain by the present world struggle, that unanimity, co-operation, and firm belief in the justice of a cause, are, with confidence in leaders and comrades, spiritual factors of at least as much importance as material shot and shell.—A Press which plays coward and bully, Falstaff and Pistol, on alternate days ; publishes full details of the Government's intentions, and as much of the Government's plans as it can get by hook or crook, when hostilities break out on the border; begs and pleads with every citizen to realize the supreme duty of defending his country and her ideals, and in the same columns ridicules and reviles a large class of those citizens, a part which has every reason to doubt the justice and the ideals of their country, who fight for the bare necessities of social and economic justice, and are opposed by the compact and well organized alliance of publicity and capitalism. All these things are pathetic, but, possibly, no one of them is the most pathetic thing in the world. That distinction might well be reserved for the spectacle of a free and once proud nation rushing from the silly extreme of self-satisfaction and cock-sureness to the opposite of panic fear, suspicion, and inspired hate ; grovelling in the dust of self-abasement, recrimination, dissension, race and class prejudice, and cynical ridicule of its own principles, traditions, and political forms ; filling the air, and many newspaper columns, with lamentations, prophecies of evil, hysterical confessions of impotence, and an insane obsession that safety demands the throwing overboard of essentially American traditions, the painfully acquired accumulation of a century of striving for peace, for sensible adjustment of international difficulties, and for a decent belief in the decency of other nations. That is "the most pathetic thing in the world." P. H. F. Birth Control and Emma Goldman IT is to be hoped that the friends of the movement which is working for the removal of restrictions upon the propaganda of birth-control will stand behind Emma Goldman in her fight. Arrested for giving information to the working-class which practically the whole middle class possesses, Emma Goldman now bears the brunt of the reactionary attack on knowledge and liberty. No one need hesitate in giving aid to Miss Goldman in her present persecution for the reason that she has suffered police persecution before. If such motives of discretion are to prevail, there may before long be no movements left to support.  16 The MASSES MOBS—By John Macy PHILOLOGISTS, tells us that "mob" is the first syllable of "mobile vulgus," which means fickle people. Like the words "vulgarity" and "demagogue," it was born in the brain of aristocracy and it expresses the contempt of the few for the many. Its entire retinue of association is derogatory. Partly because of the inertia of language, the unfavorable connotations of the word have lingered into republican days when the rights and merits of the many have been to some extent recognized and the virtues and privileges of the dominant few are no longer taken for granted. Even so catholic a champion of the multitude as the New Republic lifts its skirts above its silk stockings and says: "A mob cannot think." Why not? Are the individuals who compose a mob all fools or does their participation in the actions of a mob deprive them temporarily of their capacity to think? A brief consideration of some mobs in past and contemporaneous history will show us that a mob is neither good nor evil merely for being a mob. A mob is bad when it does something that we do not like. A mob is good when it does something which sooner or later you and I and the policeman came to approve. We find, too, that there is little warrant for the definite article which frequently precedes the word ; there is no such thing as the mob ; that is an even less realizable abstraction than the public. Aristocracy, to be sure, meant something by the unifying article, for it relegated to the mob everybody who was outside a limited circle. But every living chapter in the true history of the mob is the story of a mob ; most of the mobs that fill the volume are not related to each other, certainly they are not part of any general unit. In their composition they have only a negative resemblance—they do not include you and me and the policeman. The causes and purposes of each mob are peculiar to it and may be antagonistic to the causes and purposes of another mob. And our feelings for or against any mob are determined by our feelings for or against the special motives that animate it. When the mob of Paris, goaded by hunger and coaxed by bribes from the Duke of Orleans, marched to Versailles and drove the royal family to Paris, the royal family no doubt regarded that mob as a pack of criminals and would gladly have cut off its collective head. But we republicans are rather fond of that mob. We know that it and many other mobs, which collected and dissolved through the next decade, played a great part, if not the chief part, in putting an end to feudal France. I doubt if there is any man who can find no mob in history with which he is in sympathy. If there be such a man, who through ignorance of history or failure to analyze his feelings, can see no good in any mob, his hostility will be based upon the fallacy which the derivation of the word implies, that a mob is easily swayed. It is true that some mobs have been herded like sheep and driven hither and thither by one leader and another ; a few determined spirits have informed the rabble with ideas which the rabble as individuals had not thoroughly considered or taken deeply to heart. But such mobs are quickly dispelled and forgotten ; they do neither much damage nor much good. They are portrayed in that powerful scene in "Huckleberry Finn" in which the crowd surges about the house of Colonel Sherburn and he annihilates it with a threatening shotgun and a scornful speech. It was the sort of mob that besieged Mr. Slaton of Georgia, composed of ignorant riff-raff. "The idea of you lynching anybody!" says Colonel Sherburn. . . . "Why, a man's safe in the hands of ten thousand of your kind—as long as it's daylight and you're not behind him. . . . The average man don't like trouble and danger. You don't like trouble and danger. But if only half a man—like Buck Harkness, there—shouts 'Lynch him ! lynch him !' you're afraid to back down—afraid you'll be found out to be what you are—cowards—and so you raise a yell, and hang yourselves on to that half-a-man's coat-tail, and come raging up here, swearing what big things you're going to do. The pitifulest thing out is a mob; that's what an army is—a mob ; they don't fight with courage that's born in them, but with courage that's borrowed from their mass and from their officers. But a mob without any man at the head of it is beneath pitifulness. ... If any real lynching's going to be done it will be done in the dark, Southern fashion ; and when they come they'll bring their masks, and fetch a man. along. Now leave—and take your half-a-man with you." Such a mob is fickle and never accomplishes anything. The mob which batters down the Bastille and the mob which destroys Lovejoy's printing press (we admire the one and hiss the other), all mobs which do anything memorable are the reverse of fickle. They are characterized by tenacity and singleness of purpose. Though some of the members lack conviction and are moved by crowd contagion and love of adventure, yet the coherent central mass is composed of persons with definite desires and intentions which coalesce in an aggregate will. The mob which history remembers is persistent; it goes, by however wavering a route, continuously toward its object and does not break up, unless it is beaten by force, until the Bastille is down or the Abolitionist is murdered. "The howling mob of yesterday in silent awe returns And gathers up the martyr's dust into history's golden urns." These lines of Lowell, like much New England ethical poetry, have two faults ; they are not strikingly poetic and they are not true. The mob of yesterday never returns; it has done its admirable or dastardly work and has dissipated forever. The mob that gathers up the martyr's dust is a new mob. Some of the component individuals may have been members of the mob of yesterday, who have changed their opinions and are repentant of former deeds; but usually the mob of today is made up of a younger generation subject to ideas to which the mob of yesterday was an enemy or a stranger. The other day a statue of Wendell Phillips was unveiled on the Public Garden in Boston. A respectful crowd listened to the eulogies of veteran abolitionists and of men too young to have known Phillips. This crowd did not become a mob ; it had nothing to do but listen, applaud and depart. But if an old enemy of Phillips had jumped up and insulted his memory, it is likely enough that the crowd would have turned mob and made it hot for the speaker. As it was, a passive congregation of the admiring and the curious, it represented the attitude of today's mob toward Phillips. In the majority of its membership and in its sympathies it was a completely different entity from any of the kinds of mobs which Phillips defied and lashed with investive. Phillips faced three kinds of mobs, those opposed to Abolition, those opposed to woman suffrage and those opposed to organized labor. They had a curious characteristic—they wore silk hats. The pro-slavery mobs before the war were not recruited from the common people but from the merchants and other business persons of Boston who resented the disturbing hand which was laid upon their thriving trade. They were the Yankee stand-patters of the time, virtuous pillars of society. After the war Phillips met them and their descendants from a new platform. Having done his part in the abolition of black slavery he was not content, as were the other Abolitionists, to sit down and congratulate himself. He turned his attention to white wage-slavery. Aristocrat and capitalist, he led and served the new labor party. For this he was not subjected, I believe, to mob violence such as he had known before the war. The distinguished citizens whose interests he threatened in a new way did not storm his house or hoot him from the platform. They defeated him and his party by the peaceful methods of politics and only negatively mobbed him by ostracizing him from polite society. Probably they would have liked to lynch him ; their feelings are expressed in the sweet jest of one of them, who said that he was not going to Phillips's funeral but he heartily approved of it. One reason why Phillips's person was safe in the second great war of his life was that he had at his back a substantial mob, the growing labor unions which had begun to show their teeth and which could no longer with impunity be scattered by legislative act or armed force. The word "mob" has not outgrown the limitations in which it was conceived. It still carries the suggestion of disorderly lower classes bent on mischief and deserving the soldier's bullet. But the mob in fact is seen to be any assemblage of persons, of any class, united by any idea good or bad. All of us, you and I and the policeman, are actual or potential participants in some sort of mob activity. We belong to college mobs, class mobs, professional mobs, strike mobs, political party mobs, military mobs, even national mobs. When a nation is immersed in one idea, as Germany is said to be, it becomes a national mob. We admire a man who is so independent that he refuses to be gregarious with any flock whatsoever. At the same time we know that important ideas in history are driven through by active multitudes, and we know that some important movements in history have been made or assisted by crowds whose lack of formal, legalized organization places them within the narrow meaning of the word mob. The peasants who followed Wat Tyler and John Ball and the huddled group of patriots who collected on Lexington Common and refused to obey the command : "Disperse, ye rebels !" were nothing if not mobs. If we envisage the word in the arena of the actual, we behold it shaking off its garment of beggary, and we respond to the verse of the most vigorous of living American poets: "The Mob, the mightiest judge of all." Drawn by John Barber.     17 Nightmare of a Pure-Minded Censor after having reluctantly and purely as a matter of duty, attended a performance of the Russian Ballet Drawn by E. Gminska. The Joy of Living THE young man looked dreamily out of the car window at the ugly little frame houses scattered about over the sordid landscape. The car was passing through the outskirts of a suburban town. But the young man did not really see the houses or landscape; he saw only his own thoughts, and they were beautiful; therefore he smiled dreamily. He was thinking of a fair young girl with big, trusting eyes, and the little house he saw in his thoughts did not in any way resemble the houses before his eyes. He was an intelligent, ambitious young workingman and had read considerably. Presently a woman entered the car and sat beside the window in the double seat facing him; then another woman got on and sat beside the first woman. They were poor women, neatly dressed, and evidently were friends meeting, now, after a lengthy separation. "Well, of all things, Mame, how are you?" "I ain't very well.' Where you livin' now, Sally?" "We are livin' out to Greyburg now." "Where's that?" "It's out beyond Smithville." "Is it out as far as the cemetery?" "Sure! it's the last place God ever made. Are you still in Boontown?" "Yes, we ain't been away. What you been doin' since you left there, Sally?" The women's voices were level, monotonous, without color or emotion. First woman: "We been travelin' round. We had to follow 'round where there's work, you know. Jim's got steady work in Greyburg now. He has to get up at five o'clock every morning;—but we ain't complaining; it's good to have work." Second woman: "Sure! You got three little ones, now, haven't you?" First woman: "Yes; the oldest ain't seven yet; I wish't he was older." Second woman (sadly) : "Aw, no! don't wish his young life away." First woman: "We had so much trouble with him; he's been sick so much. I'll be glad when he gets past seven.   The girls are healthy." Second woman: "Well, that's good. You got it better than I have; three of my little ones have been sick. Little Harry had diphtheria and no sooner 'an he got well, the doctor said he must be operated on." First woman: "Ain't it awful! It's hard raisin' children—and you don't get no credit for it neither. Well, you know what sickness is, don't you?" Second woman: "Sure, I do! My husband was flat on his back from January to June." First woman: "Ain't that terrible! What was the matter with him?" Here the woman interrogated whispered mysteriously behind her hand. The other woman made a little surprised noise with her tongue against the roof of her mouth; they both nodded their heads knowingly. Second woman: "We lost the little house we was tryin' to buy: there was always the taxes and every three months nine dollars for water. You have to be puttin' out the money all the time, or be put out." First woman: "Sure! Have you seen Belle lately?" Second woman : "No, I ain't seen her, but she owes me a letter : I wrote her a month ago. First woman: "She shows age now." Second woman: "Does she?" First woman: "Yes, she's into her thirties now. But it's trouble shows worse than years; she didn't do well with her man and she has five children laid away.  Yes, she sure had it bad."   18 THE MASSES Second woman: "You'd a thought Stella wouldn't never a got married, seein' how bad her sister got it." First woman: "You'd think so, but you can't stop 'em once they get goin' about marriage." Second woman: "That's right. Now there's Bessie, she was havin' it pretty good for a few years but she got another baby." First woman: "Well, she was gettin' along in years; maybe she didn't get good care; I guess that's what killed her." Second woman: "Sure." Here the two women looked furtively about, whispered behind their hands and shook their heads knowingly. Second woman: "But Bessie's two oldest girls are keepin' company now." First woman: "No, are they? Anybody I know? (A real glow of interest came into the woman's eyes.) Second woman: "Yes, Minnie's fellow is Jim Burns." First woman:  "You don't say!   Jim's a good fel- low." Second woman: "Sure! Jim's a good fellow. But he has had it bad, too, takin' care of his brother's family. And then the old grandmother came on his hands:—he never did no kickin' neither." First woman: "How can he be keepin' company if he has all them to keep?" Second woman: "His brother has got on his feet again, now. Jim is gettin' along in years; I guess he wants a woman of his own: Jim loves children. Yes, Jim's a good fellow." First woman: "Who is Mary keepin' company with?" Second woman: "He ain't much good—Phil Rogers—works in old man Snyder's grocery store. He won't make no livin' for her." First woman:  "Ain't that too bad!" Second woman: "Girls can't be choosin' and pickin' very long; there ain't many fellows in the village." First woman: "Sure!" The women were silent for a moment and looked vacantly out of the window.   They did not see the ugly little square houses with jig-saw trimmings, the flat untidy country, the billy-goats or the monstrous sign-boards; they had looked at these things all their lives and were no longer capable of seeing them. First woman: "Well, Mame, I change cars in a minute. I'm glad I seen you. Ain't it funny we met like this!" Second woman: "Ain't it! I'm glad I seen you, too, Sally. Are you goin' to stay up to Greyburg long?" First woman: "As long as the work lasts; it's good to be workin' now days." Second woman: "Sure! Well, my man has had it pretty good that way this year. Goodby." First woman: "Goodby." The young man, who had heard this conversation, still continued to look out of the window, but the dreamy expression had left his eyes and instead, a deep line contracted his brows. He saw the ugly houses, now, and the level, monotonous scene—as level and monotonous as the voices of the two women. Mabel Dwight. THE SOMBRERO—By Thomas H. Uzzell IT was a superb sombrero. Its gray nap soft as a senorita's cheek, its wide brim embroidered with silver lace, its high crown, its long tassels of bright green silk—the beady eyes of Benito sparkled with a desire as he stood before the window of old Don Sanchez's pawn shop. A yearning to own it seduced and tormented the ragged tortilla seller. No one who knows the Mexican peon will wonder that a mania of possesison seized Benito at sight of such a hat. Clothes were his gods ; hats his romance. And to wear a sombrero as sumptuous as that—the very thought became a grande passion. Forthwith Benito sold his little tortilla stand to the old hag Concha for eleven pesos, bought the sombrero and strutted down Calle Internacional, the main thoroughfare, of Nogales, bankrupt to the world, the happiest Mexican south of the Rio Grande. Like a character from Don Quixote, he promenaded through the Mexican half of the town. His gaunt brown ribs showed through rents in his dirty cotton shirt, his trousers (since he now had no coins to roll up in them) flapped about his bare feet purpled by the dust ; but the matchless sombrero crowned him with enviable distinction. His heart throbbed with childish pride as he watched the native population gape at him with wonder and despair. Benito's days of dawdling in the sun by the Frontier Flagstaff were over. No more bending over his sputtering earthern pan in clouds of alkali dust, no more persecution from thievish urchins and starving dogs, no more torturing envy of passing peon soldiers wearing sombreros resplendent with green and scarlet bands. After several hours of strutting, the peon, contented, fatigued, sauntered from force of habit into the Chapel of San Felice. He knelt in the gloom before a tawdry shrine of the Virgin, placed his sombrero tenderly beside him, and bowed his forehead to the cool flagging. He rose up, a beatific smile on his thin lips, and reached for his treasure. He winked his little eyes hard. His heart stopped beating. The sombrero was gone ! Enranged, Benito ran through the hot streets. His bare head made him a mark for ridicule. Children pursued him ; dogs barked at his flying heels ; insurrectos jeered him. "Miguel the soldier has it! Ahi, this way, that way!" tormented the spectators. Ah, that wicked Miguel ! He could not find the thief. The wondrous sombrero was gone.  Dios Santo! Alas, how was a poor peon to understand that justice had disappeared with the rurales and anarchy arrived with the the bandit insurrectos? What use to tell a tortilla seller that his precious hat, like everything else in Nogales south of Calle Internacional, was loot for the revolutionary "General" ? A volley of drunken laughter finally drew the hystercial Benito into the "Dream of Love" pulque shop. There his rage mounted as he saw the fat Miguel clapping silver pesos on the wet bar, pouring pulque down his throat and exulting over the theft and sale of the sombrero to the "General." "Pig ! Thief !" Benito screamed. He sprang upon the squat soldier, seized the machete from his belt and buried it in his skull. The guilty peon spent that night in the carcel. At noon the next day, still hatless, he shambled along the Mexican side of Calle Internacional on the way to his execution. Heat waves rose from the wooden sidewalks and from the tin roofs of the porches propped over the street. But half a foot of shade lay. in the middle of the street at the foot of the Frontier Flagstaff against which the ensigns of the two nations hung limp in the windless air. Benito did not smell the odor of goat steak and coffee wafted from fly-infested screen doors; his stumbling feet did not heed the rag time strains issuing from a dulceria; he did not see the solemn-faced vaqueros or the blue-shirted United States troopers expectorating from the piazza of Spindler's Emporium across "the line." Even if he had heard Big Sergeant McGee when he muttered, "Pore greaser, I'd like to see 'im slice up some more o' them damn bandits," he would not have understood. The loss of his sobrero was his one obsession. At Don Sanchez's pawn shop Benito paused. He gazed hungrily in the window at the leaning towers of straws and felts. When the guards prodded him, he writhed as though spitted upon the points of their bayonets. "Get on there, dog! Valgame!" grumbled the soldiers. Benito, unheeding, strove to enter the shop. The guards seized him and dragged him back. The prisoner, his Yaquis blood afire, resisted. He shoved one guard backward. The other grappled with him. Biting and squealing for help, they rolled in the dust within a few feet of the donkey rut which, in this town sprawling across our frontier, separates Mexican anarchy from Arizonan law and order. Vaqueros and negroes sprang to their feet and crowded about the combatants. One of them emptied a revolver into the torrid sky. A dog yelped. Pandemonium shattered the noon-day lethargy. The delighted negro soldiers clapped their hands and shouted, "Break away, hombre! Come to yo' Uncle Sammy !   Lordy, look a-that !" Benito sank his teeth into the Mexican's shoulder. Groaning with pain, the guard released his grip, and Benito, encouraged by the gesticulating negroes, scrambled across the rut and rolled over into Arizona. "Time's up, gents," drawled big Sergeant McGee, as he lifted the gasping peon to his feet. The angry Mexicans pressed to the center of the street, gestured wildly at the negro troopers and swore : "Gringo devils ! Give back that peon !" "You'll have to see Washin'ton about dat, amigos," replied the beaming Sergeant. "Hands off, dar! Can't you all see dis greaser's done emigrated?" Bewildered and breathless, Benito looked about for his hat. Over the bobbing heads of his frenzied countrymen he saw the tall insurrecto "General" marching proudly by wearing a tall, gray and green sombrero. Its silver embroidery glittered brightly in the sun. "Ahi, my sombrero!" Benito cried rapturously and leaped back across "the line" toward the guards from whom he had just escaped. One of them struck him on his bare head with the butt of his rifle; and Benito wilted helpless in their arms. 19 BROADWAY NIGHT—By John Reed HE stood on the corner of Broadway and Forty-second Street, a neat man with greyish side-whiskers, a placid mouth, benevolent spectacles perched on the tip of his nose, and the general air of a clergyman opposed to preparedness on humane grounds. But on the front of his high-crowned Derby hat was affixed a sheet labelled "Matrimonial News"; another hung down his chest; a third from his outstretched right arm, and he carried a pile of them on his left hand. And every little while his mouth fell mechanically open, and he intoned, in ministerial accents : "Buy the 'Matrimonial News.' If you want a wife or husband. Five cents a copy. Only a nickel for wedded bliss.   Only a half a dime for a lifetime of happiness." He said this without any expression whatever, beaming mildly on the passing throng. Floods of light—white, green, brazen yellow, garish red—beat upon him. Over his head a nine-foot kitten played with a monstrous spool of red thread. A gigantic eagle slowly flapped its wings. Gargantuan toothbrushes appeared like solemn portents in the sky. A green and red and blue and yellow Scotchman, tall as a house, danced a silent hornpipe. Two giants in underclothes boxed with gloves a yard across. Sparkling beer poured from bottles into glasses, topped with incandescent foam. Invisible fingers traced Household Words across the inky sky in letters of fire. And all between was ripples and whorls of colored flame. "If you want a wife or husband. Only a nickel for wedded bliss," came the brassy voice. He stood immovable, like a rock in a torrent. The theaters were just letting out. As a dynamited logjam moves down the river, a double stream of smoking, screaming motors filled Broadway, Seventh Avenue, Forty-second Street, rushing, halting, breaking free again. . . . An illuminated serpent of streetcars, blocked, clang-clanged. The sidewalks ran like Spring ice going out, grinding and hurried and packed close from bank to bank. Ferret-faced slim men, white-faced slim women, gleam of white shirt-fronts, silk hats, nodding flowery broad hats, silver veils over dark hair, hard little somber hats with a dab of vermilion, satin slippers, petticoat-edges, patent-leathers, rouge and enamel and patches. Voluptuous exciting perfumes. Whiffs of cigarette smoke caught up to gold radiance, bluely. Cafe and restaurant music scarcely heard, rythmical. Lights, sound, swift feverish pleasure. . . . First the flood came slowly, then full tide—furs richer than in Russia, silks than the Orient, jewels than Paris, faces and eyes and bodies the desire of the world—then the rapid ebb, and the street-walkers. "Five cents a copy.   Only half a dime for a lifetime of happiness." "Can you guarantee it?" said I. He turned upon me his calm and kindly gaze and took my nickel before answering. "Turn to page two," he bade me. "See that photo? Read. 'Beautiful young woman, twenty-eight years old, in perfect health, heiress to five hundred thousand dollars, desires correspondence with bachelor; object matrimony, if right party can be found.' Thousands have achieved felicity through these pages. If you are disappointed,"—he peered gravely over his glasses —"if you are disappointed, we give your nickel back." "Have you tried it yourself?" "No," he answered thoughtfully. "I will be frank with you. I have not." Here he interrupted himself to adjure the passing world: "Buy the 'Matrimonial News.'   If you want a wife or husband. . "I have not," he went on. "I am fifty-two years old, and my wife is dead this day five years ago. I have known all of life; so why should I try?" "Nonsense !" I exclaimed. "Nowadays life is not finished at fifty-two. Look at Walt Whitman and Susan B. Anthony." "I am not acquainted with the parties you mention," responded the Matrimonial Newsboy seriously. "But I tell you, young man, the time of the end of living depends upon whether or not you have lived. Now I have lived." Here he turned from me to bawl "Five cents a copy.   Only a nickel for wedded bliss.    .   . . "My parents were working people. My father was killed by a fly-wheel in the pump-house of the Central Park Reservoir. My mother died of consumption brought on by doing piece-work at home. I was errand-boy in a haberdashery-shop, bell-boy in a hotel, and then I drove a delivery-wagon for the Evening Journal until I was thrashed in a fight—-my constitution was poorly—and so I went to Night School at the Y. M. C. A. and became a clerk. I worked in several offices until finally I entered the Smith-Tellfair Company, Bankers and Brokers, 6 Broad Street. And there my life began." Methodical, unhurried, he again shouted the virtues of the "Matrimonial News." "At the age of twenty-seven, I fell in love, for the first time in my life; and in time we married. I shall not dwell upon our initial hardships, nor the birth of our first child, who soon after died—largely because our means did not permit us to dwell in a neighborhood where there was sufficient light and air for a sickly baby. "Afterward, however, things became more easy. I rose to be Chief Clerk at Smith-Tellfair's. By the time the second child was born—a girl— we had taken a small house at White Plains, for which I was gradually paying by the strictest economy in our living." Here he paused. "I have often wondered, after my experience, if thrift is really worth while. We might have had more pleasures in our life, and it would have all come to the same in the end." He seemed lost in meditation. Above, the nervous chaos of lights leaped in glory. Two women with white, high-heeled shoes passed, looking back over their shoulders at the furtive men.    My friend called his wares once more. "However. My little girl grew up. We had decided that she should learn the piano, and some day be a great musician with her name on an electric sign here." He waved his arm at Broadway. "When she was five years old, a son was born to me. He was to be a soldier—a general in the Army.   When she was six THE REAL SONG OF HATE Drawn by H. Rosse. years old, she died. The trouble was in the Town sewer-pipes—the contractors who did the work were corrupt, and so there was an epidemic of typhoid. "She died, I say—Myrtle did. After that my wife was never quite the same. Unfortunately soon afterward she was going to have another baby. We knew that her condition wouldn't permit it, and tried our best to find some means of prevention. I've heard there were things—but we did not know them, and the doctor would do nothing. The child was born dead.   My wife did not survive it. "That left me and little Herbert—who was to be a general, you remember. It was about this time that young Mr. Tellfair succeeded his father at the head of the business; he was just out of college, with ideas about efficiency and office reorganization. And he discharged me first, for my hair was already white. . . I then persuaded the Building and Loan Association to suspend my payments on the house for six months, while I procured another situation. Herbert was fourteen. It was extremely important that he remain in school, in order to prepare for the West Point examinations—for there he was to go. "It was impossible for me to find another place as clerk, though I searched the city everywhere. I finally became night watchman in a paint and leather house near the financial district. Of course the salary was less than half what I had been earning. My payments on the house resumed, but I was unable to meet them. So of course I lost it. "I brought Herbert with me to the city. He went to the Public School. And when he was sixteen, just twelve months ago, my little Herbert died of scarlet fever. Shortly afterward, I stumbled upon this employment, which yields a comfortable living." He ceased, and turning again to the passersby, wildly called upon them to "Buy the 'Matrimonial News.' Only a nickel for wedded bliss. Half a dime for a lifetime of felicity." The glaring names, the vast excited conflagrations, the incandescent legs of kicking girls,—all the lights that bedeck the facades of theatres—went out one by one. The imitation jewelry shops switched off their show-window illuminations, for wives and fiancees had gone home, and kept women, actresses and great cocottes were tangoing to champagne in dazzling cabarets. Domestic Science and Personal Hygiene still rioted across the sky. But Broadway was dimmer, quieter, and the fantastic girls parading by ones, by twos, with alert, ranging eyes, moved alluringly from light to shadow. In the obscurity men lurked ; and around corners. They went along the street, with coat-collars pulled up and hats pulled down, devouring the women with hard eyes ; their mouths were dry, and they shivered with fever and the excitement of the chase. "Here. Gimme one," said a voice like rusty iron. A fat woman in a wide, short skirt, high-heeled grey shoes laced up the back, a pink hat the size of a button, held out a nickel in pudgy fingers gloved in dirty white. From behind, at a distance of three blocks in a dark street, you might have thought her young. But close at hand her hair had silver threads among the bleached, and there were white dead lumps of flesh under all that artificial red,—hollows and wrinkles. "Good evening, madam," said my friend, with a courtly lift of his hat. "I trust I find you well. How is business tonight?" "It ain't what it used to be when I first done Broadway," responded the lady, shaking her head. "Pikers and charity boys nowadays—that's what it is. A couple of fresh guys got funny down by Shanley's— asked me to supper. God, what do you know about that?   They was kidding me, it toined out.   I been as swell places in my time as any goil in town. The idea ! I met a fella up on Forty-fifth Street, and he says, 'Where'll we go?' And I says, 'I know a place over on Seventh Avenoo.' 'Seventh !' says he. 'Seven's my unlucky number. Good night!' and he beat it. The idea !" Here she shook with good-natured mirth. Presently I entered her horizon. "Who's your young friend, Bill?" said she. "Interdooce us." She dropped her voice : "Say, honey, want some fun ? No ?" She yawned, revealing gold teeth. "O well, it's time for bed anyhow.   I'll go home and pound my ear off." "Looking for a husband?" I asked, pointing to the "Matrimonial News." "The idea ! Say, did you ever know a goil that wasn't? If you got any nice friend with a million dollars, you leave word with Bill here. He sees me every night." "But you only buy the 'Matrimonial News' Saturday nights," said Bill. "To read Sundays," she replied. "I get a real rest Sundays. I don't do no business on the Lord's day— never have." She proudly tossed her head. "Never have, no matter how broke I was. I was brought up strict, and I got religious scruples." . . . She was gone, swaying her enormous hips. The "Matrimonial News" agent folded up his papers. "It's bed for me too, young man," said he. "So good-night. As for you, I suppose you'll go helling about with drink and women." He nodded half-sadly. "Well, go your ways. I'm past blaming anyone for anything." I wandered down the feverish street, checkered with light and shade, crowned with necklaces and pendants and lavallieres and sunbursts of light, littered with rags and papers, torn up for Subway construction, patrolled by the pickets of womankind. One tall, thin girl who walked ahead of me I watched. Her face was deadly pale, and her lips like blood. Three times I saw her speak to men—three times edge into their paths, and with a hawk-like tilt of her head, murmur to them from the corner of her month. I quickened my pace and passed her, and as I drew abreast she looked at me, coldly, a fierce invitation. "Hello!" said I, slowing down. But she stopped suddenly, looked at me hatefully, a stranger, and drew herself up. "To whom do you think you're talking to !" she answered, in a harsh voice. "This," said I, "is what they call Natural Selection." The next one was not so difficult. Around the corner on Thirty-seventh Street she stood, and seemed to be waiting for me. We came together like magnet and steel, and clasped hands. "Let's go somewheres and get a drink," said she. She was robust and young, eager, red and black to look at. No one could dance like her, in the restaurant we went to. Everyone turned to watch her—the blank-faced, insolent waiters, the flat-chested men biting cigars, the gay and discontented women who sat there as if it had all been created to set them off. In her black straw hat with the blue feather, her slightly shabby brown tweed suit, she blew into the soft warmth, gold, mirrors, hysterical ragtime of the place like a lawless wind. We sat against the wall, watching the flush of faces, the whiteness of slim shoulders, hearing the too loud laughter, smelling cigarette smoke and the odor that is like the taste of too much champagne. Two orchestras brayed, drummed and banged alternately. A dance for the guests—then professional dancers and singers, hitching spasmodically, bawling flatly meaningless words to swift rhythm. Then the lights went out, all except the spot on the performers, and in the drunken dark we kissed hotly. Flash ! Lights on again, burst of hard hilarity, whirl of shouting words, words, words, rush of partners to the dance floor, orchestra crashing syncopated breathless idiocy, bodies swaying and jerking in wild unison. Her name was Mae; she wrote it with her address and telephone number on a card, and gave references to South African diplomats who had enjoyed her charms, if I wanted recommendations. . . . Mae never read the newspapers, and was only vaguely conscious that there was a war. Yet how she knew Broadway between Thirty-third and Fiftieth Streets ! How perfectly she was mistress of her world ! She came from Galveston, Texas, she said—boasted that her mother was a Spaniard, and hesitatingly admitted that her father was a gypsy. She was ashamed of that, and hardly ever told anyone. "But he wasn't one of these here kind of gypsies that go like tramps along the road and steal things," added Mae, asserting the respectability of her parentage.   "No.   He came of a very fine gypsy family." . . . This mad inconsequentiality, this magnificent lack of purpose is what I love about the city. Why do you insist that there must be reason for life? SHORE LEAVE Drawn by John Barber. IN THE SUBWAY THE pale lipped workers do not move me so As these complacent seekers after joy. They never come to grips with anything; Their soft hands have not touched the rough of life That brings  raw blood to the surface.   They have felt No stabbing lust for beauty or bold sin. Warm furred and decent, smiling so dreamlessly, They hurt my heart; their eyes, so unafraid, Fill me with terror.  God! they know it not, But they are wistful,—earth's most wistful ones! The thin, dark workers, burned as though with fire, Swaying in pallid sleep and pinched with want, Are not so pitiful, so stark as these. Florence Ripley Mastin. THE MASSES 20 THE MASSES 21 TRUCE We lay on  the couch  by the  window, almost asleep; Watching the snow. She on my breast, a lovely and luminous heap, With her head drooping low. Except for one singing candle's flame, And our drowsy whispers, there was no stir in the air. And, as she smiled and snuggled closer there, The Dusk crept up and flowed into the room. Softly, with reverent hand, it touched her hair That, like a soft brown flower, seemed to bloom In the deep lilac gloom. Kindly it came And laid its blurring fingers on the sharp edges of things; On books and chairs and figured coverings And all once clear and delicately wrought. Then, almost hastily, As though with a last, merciful thought, It covered, with its hand, the sharp, white square That stood out in the corner where The evening paper had been flung— Blotting the screaming type that leaped and sung; Hushed by no horror or shame..... The brutal head-lines faded; and the room Grew softer in the gloom. She and I on the couch by the window, watching the snow; She  half-asleep   on  my  breast,   and  her fingers tangled in mine. And still in the room, the uncertain and slow Twilight paused with its purple half-shadows, half-shine, Then stopped—as if seeing her it could go No further, but stood in a trembling glow, Like a pilgrim stumbling upon a shrine.   . . Quiet—a reverent and unspoken psalm. Quiet—as deep-toned as a distant temple-bell Spreading its measured calm. Even the streets felt the beneficent balm— The shops were golden niches, bright With squares of cheerful light. The people passed, wrapped in a genial spell; Transfigured by the screening snow that fell Like vast compassionate wings, Hiding the black world and all sharp-edged things. Quiet—ineffable and complete.   . . Except, far down the street, A murmur jarred against the hush, and then A newsboys' treble, thin and dying out: "Extra—War News Extra.   .    .   All about—" And silence once again. Closer the skies were drawn, closer the street; And stars began to breathe again and men rejoice, While Beauty rose up to defeat That boy's high voice, With its echo and threat of a world unreal; Too terrible to reveal.   . . And her fingers tightened in mine and she opened her eyes; And the laugh of our child rang out, and a sharp rift broke in the skies. And the clouds, like white banners of Truce hung gently above, With a promise of rest and release.   . . And the world, like a soft-breasted mother, was an intimate heaven of love, And a pillow of peace. Louis Untermeyer. THE FATHER GIVE me a drink, Joe.   The kid's dead and I'm all of a tremble: Look at my hand. How could I stay in the flat—him laying there with his little white face, and the old woman crying and blaming it all on me. He was six years old and big enough and I sent him out for a pint one night.   The old woman kicked but I had my way. He came back snivelling, said he had slipped, and I lammed him good for spilling the beer. He's been sick ever since—the damned doctors said it was his spine. With the old woman fussing over him and giving me hell till I hated to come in the house. And he died tonight.....Let's have another one, Joe. I can't go home—him laying there with his little white face and the old woman crying and blaming it all on me. Fred R. Ashfield. WANTED IDLE his anvil stands, His fire cold; Tools as they left his hands Apron unrolled. A piece half made, Dropped when he died. On whom is laid To do the thing he tried? Skill he ha, but more : Not alone in iron he wrought. Gripping our inmost core He shaped and bent our thought. With eye that sees the end, Who then the man— What comrade, brother, friend Will finish what he began. R. P. I. Drawn by Mell Daniell. A SONG OF HATE TO THE MASSES—which I detest.    Listen, for a moment to my song of hate!   For twenty years I had lived a life of comfortable,  Christian,  contentment,  and then I  began to -read your monthly. It is blasphemous, immoral, outrageous. I find that it is deliberately opposed to all that is Christian and comfortable and contented, and what is worse it seems to have no sense of moral responsibility whatever. It just kicks around in a red shirt with armfuls of incendiary convictions showing no compunction for the nicely brought up people who have every means for leading a peaceful happy existence and after reading a few numbers of The Masses have to face the dreadful fact that they are revolutionists. Thus it was with me; the cream puff sort of life I was enjoying turned suddenly into an explosive bomb. I have become intolerant and scrappy where before I was harmless and refined. And it is all so unpleasant! Before reading The Masses I had always considered Socialism one of my most broadminded and intelligent fads, thoroughly enjoying it as such, but when it turned into the channels of the practical it became a trial. I now can only buy my clothes at the shops where I know they are union-made and exhort my friends to do the same until they become annoyed. I find that shopping along this straight and narrow path is intolerable as one has the dual problem of supporting the unions and being a well-dressed woman. And then another thing. Ever since the war began I have attended twice a week a class composed of young friends of mine where we made Red Cross supplies for the French soldiers. It was really a most exclusive and gossipy affair and it was so refreshing to think of all the good we were doing. Then I chanced upon a small article in one of last year's Masses where all Red Cross work is shown with obnoxious clearness to do nothing in the world but render war a more highly efficient organism. Formerly I had labored heart and soul in the attempt to help, however little, those wounded heroes, helpless victims of an evil system. But I had never realized that the evil system itself is being nourished and strengthened daily by thousands of good women who roll bandages and make fracture pillows and dozens of other hospital devices as I did. Really, you know people who are inclined by temperament to live up to their convictions read The Masses at a great risk, for it is essentially a conviction breeding paper. And then Art Young is enough to beguile anyone into looking over the reading matter and the reading matter is usually sufficient to drive anyone into buying next month's issue, so we poor little rich people are left defenseless before your onslaught and I don't believe that you feet a bit of Christian sympathy for us. I have told you of two specific trials which you have brought directly upon me and besides these many heated family arguments and infinite number of mental strikes and a general feeling of atmospheric misfit. But with the same impulse which makes one bite down en an aching tooth I subscribed some time ago for myself and herewith enclose fifteen dollars for the purpose of bringing your "torch of light and freedom" into the homes of fifteen other comfortable Christian and contented families. The list of names and addresses is to be kept hidden in the darkest pigeon hole of the subscription office. I picked them out more or less at random from our much used bible, the social register. They are all people whom it is "desirable to know," and they all have religion, limousines and pet dogs. They believe that the only thing the poor need is as much charity as they can reasonably afford and enough Christian resignation to fill up the deficit. The ladies won't even look at some of the illustrations and their virginal digestions will be upset for days by your frank discussions of Birth Control. They may even pray, in a red cushioned pew, for your Godless souls. After all it is much easier for us to believe our ministers and our aldermen than it is to believe you—so I have a presentiment that a few numbers of "The Masses" will be returned unopened, but I also have a presentiment that some of those people on the list will lose their peace of mind during the coming years, and, of course, to all good revolutionists, peace of mind is the most contemptible thing in the world. I wish to Heaven I could afford the whole four hundred! Doesn't it arouse one's sporting blood to think of launching that sixty horse power, bomb-throwing, explosive little paper of yours at the heart of "fifteen skeletons in armor"—people so encased with layer after layer of religion and politics against the possible onslaught of a new idea, that it is rare one ever penetrates the fortifications. Do try and be particularly vicious during the coming year! 'If nothing else happens at least the minds of these people which run along for weeks on end in the nice smooth rut of upper-class existence will take a little skid on the first of every month. I dislike you, Masses, because you are uncomfortable, but God bless you nevertheless for trying so hard to adjust all the wrongs of the world and to abolish all the sins of man. It is really to us you are speaking, who (as Mr. Eastman would say) are so hopelessly out of love with nature and the real— everyone of us about as useful to the progress of the human race as a gardenia in the overalls of a day laborer. As  I  am  still  mortally afraid  of being  recognized  as an apostate, I remain merely, A Scared Revolutionist. THE MASSES. 22 LETTERS A Distinction I MAY not always like what you print—God forbid—but I always like you. Because you are keeping the spark of decent revolt alive. I do not know whether I am paid up or not, but I enclose my small check. Perhaps you might like to know that a young university student working hard for her life and learning in a Western college writes me that you are  "the one thing she cannot do without." (Dr.)  Dorothea Moore. Cambridge, Mass. Costly Luxuries THE MASSES seems to me to have a predilection for long hair and a flowing red tie—a predilection that is picturesque, and an amiable weakness, at worst, in a mere Bohemian; but it is distinctly reprehensible in a revolutionist. In the former, weakness is a failing; in the latter a vice. When you publish cartoons, poems and articles that strike at some old superstition or evil—such as militarism, anthropomorphism, Christianity or Capitalism—or establish some new beauty or truth, confusion to your enemies! When, however, you publish things that are mere bits of self-expression and seeming attempts to mystify the reader—well, it is a delightful luxury for both of us; but it does not advance the cause of revolution very far. As it is, you are the best magazine there is. And it is a veritable intellectual, artistic and spiritual adventure to read you. But compared to what you might become, if you would only leave off admiring your dauntless and graceful revolutionary  attitude—! E. Ralph Cheney. University  of Pennsylvania. Inconvenience I HAVE for some time been accustomed to securing my copy at the subway news-stand, but since Ward and Gow, those pious guardians of the community's morals, those modern vestal virgins who would keep alive the flame of reverence and spirituality, have censored Masses, I find it more convenient to subscribe. L. Dean Pearson. Union Theological Seminary, N. Y. C. Beer RECENTLY had trial subscriptions sent to a friend and myself. I will not continue as I see a Beer "ad" on last cover page. I see no reason why you should seek the Beer Trust money and have your readers drink this adulterated chemicalized concoction.   Discontinue and I will continue. A Sympathizer. Courage WHEN a periodical has the courage in the face of a storming protest from the community at large relative to its contents, to continue to publish according to its own ideals and its own conception of what is moral and what is not, then it's about time that such a publication receive support. Henry Savine Cheniff. Coney Island, N. Y. Curiosity I HAVE heard very much about your magazine in Europe, but I could never buy a copy of it while there. i read it for the first time last Saturday, when i bought a copy from a 42nd street newsstand. It interests me very much. Herewith enclosed please find twelve cents in stamps, for which please send me the January issue containing the now famous "Ballad." Jos. Bourgeois. Garwood, N. J. A Compliment WHEN I was in college Billy Phelps used to tell us that when Burton was writing his 'Anatomy of Melancholy," he used to leave his study when his brain was thoroughly tired and go down in the dead of night to the fish market at Billingsgate, I believe, and listen to the fish wives curse each other. It was the only relaxation that the gentleman ever took, I am told. That is sometimes the way I feel when i somewhat inadvertently bump into some of the rough stuff in The Masses. Whether that is a compliment or not, I leave to you, but I am for you strong. W. K. Stewart. Louisville, Ky. Christian I'M not a regular reader of The Masses, but I have the cartoons "Learning the Steps," and "It's a Great Country," pinned up on the wall for preparers to enjoy when they come in to see me. "Learning the Steps" seems to me one of the finest pictures you have ever printed. But that's only one of three or four things I want to say. Another is that I am one of that large minority* of your readers who are churchgoers and church members, and that I thought your Christmas ballad beautiful and such as Jesus, were he miraculously born or otherwise, would not disapprove. I haven't seen anything in your columns yet that I think Jesus would dislike on any other grounds than (perhaps) these, namely that flouts and scorns are not very efficient, however delightsome to the flouter and scorner. But when I think how you are standing up for the very ideas of Jesus in regard to war, I remember the inasmuch remarks in the Sermon on the Mount and feel that while The Masses lives, Christianity has one husky champion! There's one item of which, however, I wish you'd take note, in passing, and that's the way the ministers (hereabouts at any rate) have used their influence in behalf of Patrick Quinlan. One Bishop at least, and ministers here of the Episcopal, Dutch Reformed and Presbyterian churches, have promptly and gladly joined in the appeal for what measure of belated justice can now be restored to Mr. Quinlan. I mention these three denominations from personal knowledge; but a comrade active in the work of the petition, who, I'm sure, is not a churchman of any description, said at our branch meeting last Sunday, "The clergy came out strong for Quinlan." Fraternally, Sarah N. Cleghorn. E. Orange, N. J. *If no more! "Politics (Say the Antis) Is Too Serious a Business for Women" "How long would the opponents of this resolution have the women wait?" he asked. "Oh, about 5,000 years," interrupted Assemblyman O'Hare of Queens. Assemblyman Welch, who comes from William Barnes's Albany district, said that the resolution was "nothing more or less than an attempt to heckle the voters." Laughter at the joke had just subsided when Assemblyman Pratt of Wyoming, who always makes a good speech and often a witty one, arose and in loud tones began: "If  at  first  you   don't  succeed—" As if by prearrangement the whole Assembly joined in: "Try, try again." i submit this press-pearl from the reverend and (ha, ha!) revered N. Y. Times, for its pith and pungency. The Times, like Assemblyman Pratt, always makes a good appearance and often a funny one. l. u. Birth Control In the South THE farm population of the South is much interested in the question of birth control, even more than the urban population. The average farmer's family in the South is considerably larger than the city family, and the women of the South are beginning to cry out against the continuous child-bearing that is forced upon them by Bourbon traditions. The economic side of child-bearing in the rural districts of the South can be understood in the light of the questions that are asked when a renter applies to a landlord for a place. The first question is, "How many mules have you?" And the second is, "How many kids?" Other things being equal, a man who has a family of eight or ten children always secures a rented farm when in competition with a man who has from two to six children. Accordingly it is not surprising that early marriage is the rule in the rural districts. In my travels over Texas and Oklahoma I have met not less than 100 girls who were brides at from 13 to 14 years of age. I can send you photographs of families of from 12 to 18 children from one mother. In the light of these facts, you can see how necessary it is to attend to birth conrol in Dixie land, where they raise cotton that is largely picked by tiny fingers fresh from the cradle. T. a. Hickey. The Rebel, Hallettsville, Tex. The Negro Your propaganda against lynching neither began nor ended with the lynching of Leo Frank. How can you ever expect to conciliate the "Bourbon" South if you allow such naked literature as "The Brute," a story which appeared in a recent issue, to find its way into your columns? Why do you continue to do these things? Surely you do not suppose that my poor race can be of any material aid to you. John h. Owens. Chicago, Ill. Stop PLEASE cancel my subscription to "The Masses," this cancellation to take place immediately. Herbert B. Shonk. Scarsdale, N. Y. Why PLEASE discontinue my subscription to The Masses. Too  much pacifism. A. G. Ingalls. N. Y. C. No Room KINDLY discontinue sending us The Masses with the March issue. Our subscription has run out and I do not care to renew it. Without in any way opposing whatever policy may be in the editor's mind, you will yet allow me to say that we have no room in our house for the magazine as at present edited. Perhaps it is our fault that we have been unable to find what you are after. Faithfully, Robert Davis. Englewood, N. J. Left-Handed I CAN'T imagine what I could have done to have The  Masses wished on me, and have refused to take the last two copies from the post office. I note what you say about making The Masses better as well as bigger and stronger, and I wish you God-speed in making it better, for it is never too late to mend, and the desire for a better magazine shows an awakening conscience. J. N. Lovell. Coaticook, Me. Family Reasons MY object in subscribing a week or so ago to The Masses was to encourage, to that little extent, a journalistic effort to propagate progressive and radical ideas in political, social and religious matters; but a very short trial of your paper suggests to me that it gives an unnecessarily large and undue prominence to the advertisement of sex literature—to such an extent that I do not care to continue receiving the paper. At any rate the other members of my family so strongly object to this particular feature of your paper that I must ask you to kindly discontinue sending it. I suppose you have a policy, and know what you are doing, but in my particular case it cannot work, and so I have to part with you, with regret, but with esteem. T. R. R. Pittsburg, Pa. Comparisons CONTINUE with you for another year? Well, I hope so. Can't get along without you. Simply hunger for The Masses. Of course, there are some drawings, etc., that seem to mean nothing in my young life—that I cannot understand, but that doesn't make me like The Masses less, any more than it would make me love my husband less because there are some traits I cannot quite understand. Verne E. Sheridan. N. Y. C. Fun, Beauty and Truth Last night while I was reading, my Masses just arrived. It came over me that it must be almost as hard not to hear from those who believe in you and love you for your work as to be flooded with reproaches and criticisms from those who fail to get the point. The whole story of what The Masses seems to me to be doing is told in the "Ballad" and the reactions that you have been receiving. Realities unclouded by traditions and superstitions and beautiful in their truth on the one hand and on the other the mass of people who cling to their half-truths and are not willing to acknowledge their partial view. It is amazing that you can keep so bravely and joyously at it, that is the blessed humor that fills the true radical with such human understanding and enduring power. For the fun, the beauty, the truth that The Masses sends out to us who sometimes lose patience trying to penetrate the fog that most of us live in, for all that and much more that you mean in the way of refreshment and inspiration, please accept the love and loyalty of one of your constant and appreciative readers. Sincerely yours, Ella Westcott. Jamaica Plains, Mass. THE MASSES 23 Arrested for Criminal Libel by the Associated Press— Expelled from Columbia University Library and Book Store— Ejected from the Subway and Elevated   stands   of New York-Suppressed by the Magazine Distributing Company in Boston— Quashed by the United News Co. of Philadelphia— Kicked Out of Canada by the Government— Canada The Masses Next THE LATEST Drawn by Arthur Young. MASSES BOOK SHOP Continued from page 3. The Plays of Oscar Wilde contained in one beautiful volume of 672 pages. Contains Lady Windermere's Fan, A Woman of No Importance, The Importance of Being Earnest, An Ideal Husband, Vera, or The Nihilist, Duchess of Padua, Salome. This new series will contain complete works in single volumes in clear, readable type. Price for the Wilde volume, $1.38, postpaid. Poems, by G. K. Chesterton. His verse, no less than his prose, contains delicious humor and deep philosophy.  $1.25 net. Goethe's "Faust." Translated by Anna Swanswick, LL.D. Introduction, etc., by Prof. Karl Breul. Bohn Library.   Price 40c. postpaid. Manhattan, by Charles Hanson Towne. Frontispiece by Thomas Fogarty. $1.00 net. No poem of recent years was hailed with so unanimous a chorus of praise as greeted this song of New York. William Dean Howells, Richard Le-Gallienne, Edwin Markham, Lloyd Osbourne and Gertrude Atherton are some of those who have hailed it as a notable piece of work. SOCIOLOGY Socialism and the War, by Louis B. Boudin, author of "The Theoretical System of Karl Marx." It is the first book of its kind published in this or any other country. Price, $1._ The Economics of Liberty, by Prof. John Beverly Robinson. An Anarchist's views.   Price, 50c. Political Thought: From Herbert Spencer to the Present Day, by Ernest Barker, Oxford. 55c. The Negro, by W. E. Burghardt Du Bois, author of "Souls of Black Folks," etc. "At once authoritative, scholarly, and sympathetic, and so interesting."—The Living Age. 55c. "SOCIALISM IN AMERICA" Reviewed by Helen Marot AS I finished John Macy's book "Socialism in America," I found myself hoping that I might live through the next quarter of a century. It was the free and friendly spirit in which the material is handled that affected me. There has been a sterility in the interchange of revolutionary thought. This book seems to presage a new human sweetness in the movement, without a loss of the stern values of economic interpretation. It is indeed out of the care for hard fact that this sweetness and generosity seems to come. It seems to come when there is more care for the truth about Socialism than about making converts. The author, a member of the Socialist Party, says that his book "is not a come-to-Socialism tract," "that the outsider may step in and then step out again." He is as interested in stating the limitations of Socialism as he is in pointing out the strongholds. "The substance of Socialism," he says, "is a practical matter, a 'business proposition.' Modern writers on the subject have been pleased to call their Socialism 'scientific' ; indeed, like most of their contemporaries, they have overworked the word 'scientific,' which for fifty years has had a eulogistic connotation. They have won the double distinction of being rebuked by their enemies for their dreamy idealism and for their sordid materialism, and they can afford to chuckle at the contradiction. They have been idealistic in that they have labored ... to bring about a better state of society. They have been scientific in that they have tried to deal sympathetically with matters of fact. The Socialist idea is most acceptable, most sensible, when it is reduced to its lowest terms." Mr. Macy has prejudices, like the rest of us. In a few places they appear in his book. For instance, he says that it is safe to bet that whenever these four gentlemen, Messrs. Berger, Spargo, Hilquit and Hunter, agree in combating an idea, that particular idea is a good one. We are all familiar with this sort of generalization which is at best an irrelevant slam.   It may now and then Continued on page 24, second column. The Story of Canada Blackie, by Anna P. L. Field. Introduction by Thomas Mott Osborne. A truly wonderul as well as a wonderfully true story is this.   Net, $1.00. Anthracite: An Instance of Natural-Resource Monopoly, by Scott Nearing, Ph.D. Dr. Nearing uses the private ownership of the anthracite coal fields to show the way in which consumers and workers may expect to fare at the hands of other monopolies of natural resources. $1.00 net. Socialism in Theory and Practice, by Morris Hillquit. Former price $1.50, now 56c. Why the Capitalist? by Frederick Haller, LL.B. In this book a lawyer throws down the gauntlet to the defenders of capitalism. The book is a brief in refutation of the doctrines prevailing in Conventional Political Economy.   Send $1.00. Socialism in America, by John Macy. A vivid and interesting description of Socialist principles and tactics from the revolutionary point of view.   Price, $1 net. Feminism, by Mr. and Mrs. John Martin. A criticism of the Woman Movement from the point of view of the two sexes.  $1.50 net. Social Freedom, by Elsie Clews Parsons, author of "The Family," "The Old-Fashioned Woman," "Fear and Conventionality," etc.  $1.00 net. An Introduction to the Study of Sociology, by Professor Edward Cary Hayes, University of Illinois. The latest, most up-to-date volume in its field.  710 pages.  Send $2.65. Within Prison Walls, by Thomas Mott Osborne. A human document of humor and pathos and of unusual revelations. A volume every person should read.   $1.62 by mail. The Future of Democracy, by Ç. M. Hyndman. $1 net. Essays: Social-democracy and the war; Nationalism and peace; Class-state socialism; The reorganization of English trade; The armed nation; Marxism and the future. Marxian Socialism and Religion, by John Spargo.   $1 net. Socialism. Debaters' Handbook Series. Compiled by E. C. Robbins. Price $1 net. Women as World-Builders, by Floyd Dell. "An exhilarating book, truly young with the strength and daring of youth," says Chicago Tribune. Send 55 cents. Are Women People? A collection of clever woman suffrage verses. The best since Mrs. Gilman. Geo H. Doran Co.   65 cents net. A Survey of the Woman Problem, by Rosa Mayreder. A profound study of the whole field, to which the author devoted fifteen years. $1.60, postpaid. Economics of Liberty, by John Beverly Robinson. Proudhon in tabloid form.  50 cents postpaid. Socialized Germany, by Frederic C. Howe. A book that foreshadows the future.  $1.50 net. Income, by Scott Nearing. An examination of the returns for services rendered and from property owned in the United States. This book is one of the reasons why Prof. Nearing was forced to leave University of Penna.   Price $1.25. The New Womanhood, by Winifred Harper Cooley. Indispensable popular studies ; a sane exposition on Feminism by a noted writer. Price, $1.00. Woman and Labor, by Olive Schreiner. "A heart-stirring book, conceived and brought forth with prophetic ardor."—Currrent Literature. $1.35, postpaid. SAVE A SOUL You know someone who has mental lockjaw. The Masses is a positive cure for rigidity. Send in a dollar and Save a Soul Continued on page 24. 24 MASSES BOOK SHOP Continued from page 23. EDUCATION Schools of Tomorrow, by John Dewey and Evelyn Dewey. Illustrated. Send $1.60. The Montessori Manual, by Dorothy Canfield Fisher. Shows how the mother or teacher may apply Dr. Montessori's principles in a practical way.  Send $1.35. How to Know Your Child, by Miriam Finn Scott. Price, $1.25 net. A clear, concise and lucid book for parents. Aristotle and Ancient Educational Ideals, by Thomas Davidson. $1.00. Rousseau and Education According to Nature, by Thomas Davidson. $1.00. Psychology and Parenthood, by H. Addington Bruce.  Send $1.35. Mothers and Children, by Dorothy Canfield Fisher. Second edition. Author of "A Montesorri Mother." A book to help in the most complicated and important enterprise— the rearing of children.   Send $1.35. The Kindergarten and the Montessori Method, by Martha MacLear. It is written from the viewpoint of a teacher of the kindergarten and a close student of Montessori. $1.00 net. _ SCIENCE AND ART Selections from the Scottish Philosophy of Common Sense. Edited by G. A. Johnston, M.A., Lecturer in Philosophy at Glasgow University. Consists of extracts from the works of the chief representatives of the Scottish Philosophy of Common Sense. Most of the selections are metaphysical or psychological, but ethical doctrines have not been neglected. $1.35. Psychology: The Study of Behaviour, by William McDougall. 55c. Anthropology, by R. R. Marett. 55c. The Problems of Philosophy, by Bertrand Russell, Cambridge. 55c. A-B-C of Electricity—William H. Meadowcroft. A book for any age.   Cloth, 50 cents net. Ancient Society, Morgan.  The classic  on Pre-Historic Man. Cloth, $1.50. The Evolution of Man, Boelsche. Darwinism up to date, in simple language, with complete proof. Illustrated, cloth, 50c. Savage Survivals, a new illustrated work by J. Howard Moore, author of "The Law of Biogenesis." $1.00. SEX Sex, by J. A. Thomson and P. Geddes. 55c. Sexual Knowledge, by Winfield Scott Hall, Ph.D. (Leipzig), M.D. (Leipzig). Sexual knowledge in plain and simple language; for the instruction of young men and young women, young wives and young husbands.   $1 net. The Sexual Life, by C. W. Malchow, M.D. Third edition. Price, $3. Sold only to physicians, dentists, lawyers, clergymen, also students of sociology. Natural Laws of Sexual Life, by Anton Nystrom, M.D., Stockholm, Sweden. Translated by Carl Sandzen, M.D.  Price, $2. Continued from page 23, second column. enliven conversation, but we can discard it with advantage. I suppose that every one who has tried to be honest in forming opinions, has sometime or other found himself in alliance with people with whom he is temperamentally out of sympathy. I once discovered—an extreme case—that I was opposing a measure that was also being opposed by the National Manufacturers' Association, the most obnoxious organization in the country, an organization that exists to keep alive what to me is most detestable. But as I had arrived at my position on the particular measure in a rational way I could not repudiate it on the irrelevant ground that for reasons of its own the Manufacturers' Association was in opposition too. I would like to challenge another statement of the author. He says that the dues of the I. W. W. are low, that the purpose of the organization is to enable the poorest workers to belong. That is true, but he goes further and asserts that the I. W. W. has not accumulated a treasury because it wants to avoid corruption. I think that the I. W. W. leaders realize that an organization, like its members, will die if it depends for sustenance on spiritual exaltation alone. But these are not the things that impress one about the book. Its courage and right-mindedness make one forget its occasional lapses. A desire to be rid of dogma, of threadbare phrases, a new thirst, intensified by the war in Europe, for reality, is giving character to the present time. It is because John Macy's little book, "Socialism in America," reflects this desire that I hope it will be widely read. Its brief chapters on "The Economic Classes," "Some American History," "The Socialist Party," are chiefly valuable on that account. But his chapters on "Socialism and the War," and "Internationalism and Militarism," treated with a frankness which is very grateful, are of immediate interest. The first chapter, "Socialists and the War," is a clear, synoptical analysis of the present confusion among Socialists. My quarrel with the book is that this synopsis, so well done, is only a chapter. The author's treatment of militarism has nothing to do with the abstractions about peace or even brotherhood. It should be remembered, he says, that an army however enlisted (i. e., a citizen army or otherwise) "is always subject to the command of the governing class"; that a worker in uniform is subjected to a discipline which is bad for the working-class corner of his soul. In speaking of patriotism he reminds us that our country does not belong to the people who live in it, but to a part of the people only. The crime of nationalistic Socialists against true Socialism is not that they did not prevent the war, but that they did not to the limit of their strength try to prevent it. If the Socialists of this country and all countries are to avoid committing a similar crime in the future, they must at once cleanse themselves of the disease of nationalism, and its concomitant, parliamentarism. This does not mean that they should refrain from politics, but that on all political issues they should take the anti-national position." The above seems to be a statement of fact rather than a possible program— "at once cleanse themselves of the disease of nationalism." As the author pointed out in an earlier chapter, the opinion of American Socialists expressed since the war in Europe began, gives little promise that our action in this country under pressure of instinctive forces and government commands would differ materially from the action of the comrades of Europe. But wherever we are, the important thing is to know where that is. John Macy's book will help in making the discovery. Helen Marot. Here is a letter to our Book Store from Dr. Lydia Allen DeVilbiss, Director of the Child Hygiene Division, Kansas. "i want to tell you how much i appreciate your promptness in filling orders. i can recommend you most heartily to the thousands of physicians, teachers and others who want to obtain late books promptly." What Every Girl Should Know, by Margaret Sanger.   Send 55 cents. "Herself," by Dr. E. B. Lowry. Contains full, precise and straightforward information on sexual hygiene and every question of importance to women concerning their physical nature.   Send $1.10. Sex Problems in Worry and Work, by William Lee Howard, M.D. 4th edition. Discoveries of tremendons importance to the welfare of race and individual are here set forth for the first time—the most important book in a decade.  $1.00 net. Man and Woman, by Dr. Havelock Ellis, the foremost authority on sexual characteristics. A new (5th) edition.   Send $1.60. The Limitation of Offspring by the Prevention of Pregnancy, by Dr. Robinson.   Send $1.00. Sexual Life of Woman, by Dr. E. Heinrich Kisch (Prague). An epitome of the subject. Sold only to physicians, jurists,  clergymen and educators. $5.00. Krafft-Ebing's Psychopathia Sexualis. Only authorized English translation of 12th German Edition by F. J. Rebman. Price, $4.35. Special thin paper edition, $1.60. Sold only to physicians, jurists, clergymen and educators. Love's Coming-of-Age, by Edward Carpenter. The truth about Sex, told frankly, boldly, wisely, charmingly. Price, $1.00. What Every Mother Should Know, by Margaret Sanger.  Send 30 cents. Practical Eugenics, by Dr. Wm. J. Robinson.   50 cents. The Sexual Question, by Prof. August Forel (Zurich). A scientific, psychological, hygienic, legal and sociological work for the cultured classes. By Europe's foremost nerve specialist. Medical edition $5.50. Positively the same book, cheaper binding, now $1.60. Sexual Life of Our Time, by Prof. Ivan Bloch.   Price, $5 net. Love, by Dr. Bernard S. Talmey. A Treatise on the Science of Sex Attraction. For the use of physicians, lawyers, sociologists and writers on the subject.   Price $4. Stories of Love and Life, by Dr. Wm. J. Robinson. $1. Sex Morality, by Dr. Wm. J. Robinson. $1. The Crime of Silence, by Dr. Orison Swett Marden. Written for those who do not know. "An ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure."   Price, $1.00. Diseases of Men, by Bernarr Macfadden. Self-diagnosis and self-treatment for the diseases of men wih simple home remedies.   Price, $1. Determination of Sex, by Dr. L. Don-Doncaster. Cambridge University Press. $2.15. HEALTH Eat and Be Well, by Eugene Christian. Dr. Christian is probably the greatest food expert in America todav. There are curative menus for about 90% of human illnesses. $1.00. Breathe and Be Well, by Wm. Lee Howard, M.D.   By mail, $1.10. The Art of Living Long, by Louis Cornaro.   New edition.  $2.00 net. Colon Hygiene, by Dr. John Harvey Kellog, Supt. of Battle Creek Sanitarium. $2.00 postpaid. A book for the cure of Indigestion and kindred disorders without drugs or surgery. "Neurasthenia" or Nervous Exhaustion, by Dr. J. H. Kellog. New, revised edition in non-technical language by the well-known health authority.   $2.00 postpaid. Constipation: How to Fight It, by Dr. J. H. Kellog.  $1.50 postpaid. Health—Beauty—Sexuality, by Bernarr Macfadden and Marion Malcolm. Plain advice to girls that will be found invaluable as they grow from girlhood into womanhood. Price, $1. Old Age: Its Cause and Prevention, by Sanford Bennett, "the man who grew young at seventy." A remarkable book by a remarkable man, $1.50, postpaid. Vitality Supreme, by Bernarrd Macfadden. Efficiency in health. Price, $1·_ The  Family  Health, by  Dr.   Myer Solis-Cohen of the College of Physicians of Philadelphia. $1. The Care of the Child, by Mrs. Burton Chance. $1. Physical Culture for Babies, by Margaret and Bernarr Macfadden. Detailed information for the care and physical development of babies from birth to childhood.   Price, $1.00. HISTORY Social Forces in American History, by A. M. Simons. An economic interpretation of American history, describing the various classes which have ruled and functioned from time to time. $1.50. An Economic Interpretation of the Constitution, by Prof. Charles A. Beard.   $2.25, postpaid. The Russian Empire of To-day and Yesterday, by Nevin O. Winter. The country and its peoples and a review of its history and a survey of its social, political and economic conditions.   Send $3.25. A History of Freedom of Thought, by J. B. Bury, M.A., LL.D. 55c. GENERAL On Being Human, by Woodrow Wilson. 50 cents net. Leather, $1.00 net. Child and Country. By Will Levington Comfort. Will Comfort's home-making on the shores of Lake Erie. Out-of-doors, and freedom, rose culture and child culture. A book to love.   Send $1.35· Continued on page 25. THE MASSES   25    MASSES BOOK SHOP Continued from page 24. Geraldine Farrar, by Herself. The intimate life story of an American girl, whose magic art and fascinating personality have made her the idol of two continents. 42 illusrtations.  $2.00 net. Under the Apple Trees, by John Burroughs. The wide variety of topics touched upon—biology, philosophy, and literature, California nature and the winter birds of Georgia—give it a wide appeal. $1.15 net. Riverside edition, $1.50 net.   (Ready in May.) Julia Ward Howe, by Laura E. Richards and Maud Howe Elliott. In this complete and authoritative biography, Mrs. Howe's daughters have told the story of her life with grace and charm. Illustrated. 2 vols.   $4.00 net. Shelley, Godwin, and Their Circle, by H. N. Brailsford. 55c. Anarchist Literature of All Kinds, from Emma Goldman, 20 E. 120th St., New York City. Send 10c. for a copy of Anarchism and Mother Earth Magazine. An Outline of Russian Literature, by Maurice Baring, author of "With the Russians in Manchuria." "Extremely fascinating and based on intimate and sympathetic knowledge." —Chicago Tribune.. 55c. The Cry for Justice, an anthology of the literature of social protest, edited by Upton Sinclair. Introduction by Jack Lodon. Contains the writings of philosophers, poets, novelists, social reformers, and others who have voiced the struggle against social injustice, selected from twenty-five languages, covering a period of five thousand years.   32 illustrations.   $2 net. The Soliloquy of a Hermit, by Theodore Francis Powys.   Price, $1. The Healing of Nations and the Hidden Sources of Their Sstrife, by Edward Carpenter.   $1 net. Ventures in Worlds, by Marian Cox. Six extraordinary essays dealing with themes of universal interest. Musical Culture, Incestuous Marriage, Nervous Humanity, The Man-Made Woman of Japan, A Cup of Tea in Japan, Mr. Grundy and Eve's Dress.   Price $1.25 net. Enjoyment of Poetry, by Max Eastman. By  mail $1.35. War—What For? by George R. Kirkpatrick. $1. Affirmations, by Havelock Ellis. A discussion of some of the fundamental questions of life and morality as expressed in the literature of Nietzsche, Zola, Huysmans, Casanova and St. Francis of Assisi. Send $1.85 Nietzsche, by Dr. George Brandes. A study by "The Discoverer of Nietzsche," imported.   Send $1.40. My Childhood, by Maxim Gorky. Send $2.15. Tells the story of the life of the famous Russian novelist from his earliest recollection to the age of seventeen. How It Feels to be the Husband of a Suffragette, by "Him." Illustrated by Mary Wilson Preston. Price, 50c. ; postage, 5c. Revelations of an International Spy, by I. T. T. Lincoln. This former Liberal member of Parliament, and a native of Hungary, recently escaped and was captured by U. S. Secret Service.   Send $1.60. Why War? by Fredk. C. Howe. The latest book by the Commissioner of Immigration, who says: "Wars are made by privileged interests." $1.50 net. Barbarous Mexico, by John Kenneth Turner. Gives 340 pages of Facts and Suppressed Information and tells why "the capitalists want intervention."   Price $1.50. How to Grow Vegetables, by Allen French. Pub. by Macmillan. Send us 55c. How to Keep Hens for Profit, by C. S. Valentine. A valuable book. Pub. by Macmillan.   Our price 55c. Ferdinand Lassalle, by George Brandes.   Price $1.25. Maurice Maeterlinck, by Una Taylor. A Critical Study.   $2 net. Poe's Essays and Stories. With introduction by Hardress O'Grady. Bohn Library. 40c. A-B-C of Housekeeping, by Christine Terhune Herrick.   50c. net. A-B-C of Gardening, by Eben Å. Rexford.   50c. net. Russia's Gift to the World, by J. W. Mackail.   New edition.   50c. net. Diplomacy of the Great War, by Arthur Bullard. Author of "Comrade Yetta." "Visions   and   Revisions."   by John Cowper Powys. A book of essays on great literature. The New York Times said "It is too brilliant, that is the trouble."   300 pp., $2.00 net. Morwitz' American Dictionary of the German  and   English Languages, 1300 pages, bound in buckram or 1/2 leather, red edges, bindings assorted. $1.50. Caspar's Technical Dictionary, English-German and German-English. Ornamental cloth.  $1.00. Morwitz' American Dictionary of the German and English Languages, 1300 pages, and Caspar's Technical Dictionary, English-German and German-English. 290 pages. The two neatly bound in one volume, 1590 pages in all, buckram. $2.00. Davidis' German National Cookery for American Kitchens. Illustrated edition. Ornamental cloth. 563 pages.   $1.25 retail. The Soul of Woman, An Interpretation of the Philosophy of Feminism, by Paul Jordan Smith, English Department, University of California. Price $1.00 postpaid. Chicago Poems, by Carl Sandberg. $1.30 net. Distinguished by its trenchant note of social criticism order. Carl Sandberg wrote the and by its vision of a better social famous "Billy Sunday" poem in The Masses. The Socialism of Today, edited by William English Walling, Jessie Wallace Hugham, J. G. Phelps Stokes, Harry W. Laidler, and other members of the Intercollegiate Socialist Society. About 500 pages. $1.50 net. Business—A Profession, by Louis D. Brandeis. An absorbing, vital, constructive work. It is the great text book of business ethics.   Net $2.00. ANY SUGGESTION WELCOMED Our friends with ideas for boosting The Masses' circulation should not hesitate to send in their suggestions. An original magazine requires original ideas. Thanks WAR CARTOONS BY 24 pages of cartoons made on battlefields of Europe by America's leading cartoonist. Printed on beautiful cream deckle-edged paper with cafe au lait cover. A POWERFUL ANTI-WAR ARGUMENT that brings home the true story of THE GREAT WAR Single Copies.......................25c Postpaid Orders for fifty...........$10.00 Express Prepaid Orders for one hundred. . . .$17.50 Express Prepaid Cash with order from THE NEW YORK CALL 444 Pearl Street, New York FREE The following books will be sent free for only five new subscriptions to The Masses. The  Famous  Masterpieces of Literature By Bliss Perry Eight (8) Volumes Each author is not only a figure; he is a personality. Lincoln, Webster, Carlyle and Thackeray are instances. Bliss Perry's introductions are sympathetic, explanatory and short. They inspire familiarity with the text and friendship with the author. The subjects are truly representative, and they are not annotated. A sale of well over a quarter of a million copies indicates the approval of the public. Each set is in a card board box. The volumes have attractive frontispieces, gold tops and are bound in a dark red cloth, with cover decorations in gold. Or The Masterpieces   of English Poetry Edited by Henry van Dyke Six (6) Volumes Edition de Luxe.  The six volumes, 2,000 pages, cover— Ballads Old and New Idylls and Stories in Verse Lyrics Odes, Sonnets and Epigrams Descriptive and Reflective Verse Elegies and Hymns Or Masterpieces of Wit and Humor Edited by Thomas L, Masson Six (6) Volumes There are twelve hundred pages in the six attractive volumes. This set is edited by Thomas L. Masson, editor of Life. It includes the best of such men as Bill Nye, James Whitcomb Riley, Artemus Ward, Edward Everett Hale, Eugene Field, Oliver Wendell Holmes, Bret Harte, Sol. Smith, Mark Twain, Simeon Ford and many others of equal prominence. Or Dante's Divine Comedy, Four (4) Volumes Or Cervante's Don Quixote, Four (4) Volumes Or Poe's Works, Five (5) Volumes Or Pepy's Diary, Four (4) Volumes We have obtained several hundred sets of these beautiful books, and it is understood this offer holds good so long as the supply lasts. Send in your subscriptions in sets of five to The Masses Circulation Department. Sample copies of The Masses will gladly be mailed to any address for prospective subscriptions. The Masses $1.00 A YEAR   26 THE MASSES To Local Secretaries If you want free literature for distribution Write to the BUSINESS MANAGER OF THE MASSES "I LIKE YOU" "The Masses should be encouraged by all who love and are not afraid of the truth in this world of so much cant and lying and scheming. It is a good tonic." Writes J. M. C. of Collingswood, N. J. The Disease of Charity Bolton Hall, well-known writer on social questions, has written a booklet that challenges the efficacy of charity work. He admits that with poverty, sickness and misery all about, we cannot let men suffer and die without doing something. But he is not sure that we are doing the right thing. "The Disease of Charity" is inspiring, thoughtful and constructive. A complimentary copy of this booklet will be mailed to every reader of this paper who sends a trial subscription (only 25c for 13 weeks) to The Public, a journal of fundamental democracy. Referring to The Public, Brand Whitlock wrote from Belgium: In the midst of all the horrors of the world it is the one thing I know of—aside from one's own conscience—and the  democratic principle down deep in our heart—by which to correct one's reckoning. It is a compass—never sensational—always calm and pointing in the same direction. The Public-Ellsworth Bldg.-Chicago The Masses and The Public for One Year $1.75 "A SOUND BODY IS THE PRODUCT OF A SOUND MIND" This is Bernard Shaw's way of saying that persons with intelligent, sane minds give thought and time to the care of their bodies. PHYSICAL CULTURE stands for higher ideals of health and physical development. It shows how these ideals can be realized by most individuals here and now. Physical Culture is a magazine that has opinions—but does not distort facts to bolster fads. It deals with facts and with theories, but does not hold to theories when the facts belie them. It is a teacher in its field—but a teacher that is teachable. Physical Culture is liberal and intellectually hospitable. It does not deal with physical health in the narrow sense of hygiene but in the broadest way discusses also the social factors that tend to maintain or to destroy sound minds and sound bodies. HAVELOCK ELLIS writing to Physical Culture's Editor, has said of it: "I can assure you that I view the American edition of Physical Culture with much interest and admiration, as a vigorous and enlightened effort to instruct as well as interest the general public in the wider and higher aspects of health cultivation." Physical Culture is for men and women who think—it may help them to think more and better. Physical Culture has something to say, something not said elsewhere, and says that something well. Phyiscal Culture is a magazine that should appeal to the readers of "The Masses." We will send Physical Culture for one year (regularly $1.50) in combination with the book "Old Age—Its Cause and Prevention" (regular price, including postage, $1.50) for only $2.00 "Old Age—Its Cause and Prevention" is a book for men and women, young or old, written by Sanford Bennet, the Man Who Grew Young at Seventy, who tells in this book how he did it. PHYSICAL CULTURE PUB. CO. 4625 Flatiron Bldg., New York WOMEN As Fighters—Artists—Lovers. Read about them in Floyd Dell's book. "Women as World Builders." 66 cents, postpaid. The Masses Book Store, 83 West 14th St., New York City. "SONGS of LOVE and REBELLION" By Covington Hall, Being a collection of Ms finest poems on Revolution, Love and Miscellaneous Subjects. Finely bound in paper. Single copies 50c; three volumes for $1.00; ten for $2.50. Postage prepaid. MASSES BOOK STORE 83 West 14th Street,     New York. SOCIALISM AND WAR By LOUIS B. BOUDIN Author of "The Theoretical System of Karl Marx",   "Government by Judiciary", Etc. This book is an eminently successful attempt at a Socialist interpretation of the great war. It is the first book of its kind published in this or any other country. It includes a discussion of the general problems of Socialism and War, Nationalism and Internationalism. Price, One Dollar THE MASSES BOOK STORE 33 West 14th Street, New York SOCIALISM Compiled by E. C. Robbins. A Handbook containing nearly 200 carefully selected references to some of the best Socialistic writings; divided into Utopians, Christian, Marxian, Progressive, etc. Indispensable to well-informed people. $1. Published by The H. W. Wilson Co. Sold by The Masses Book Store, Anthology of Magazine Verse FOR 1915 and Year Book of American Poetry Edited by WILLIAM STANLEY BRAITHWAITE. Price $1.50 CONTAINS The one hundred distinctive poems of the year selected by William Stanley Braithwaite. A critical summary of fifty notable volumes of poetry of the year. A summary of the contents of the notable volumes of the year dealing with poets, poetry, and the art of poetry, together with a list of articles and essays on the same subjects. The Titles and Authors of every poem in twenty of the most important magazines. WHAT BOOKS DO YOU WANT? The Masses will supply you with any book obtainable in this country or England. Patronize our mail order book store and thereby help us publish our magazine. What books do you want? THE MOSHER BOOKS Books in Belles Lettres Issued in Choice and Limited Editions Printed on a size of Van Gelder paper made for this edition only. Specially designed head-bands and tail-pieces. The regular edition done up in decorated flexible Japan vellum covers—originated by Mr. Mosher—with silk markers, parchment wrappers, gold seals and slide cases. Each edition is limited to 925 copies and the type distributed. Bound in the following styles: Japan vellum covers, flexible, with turned down fore-edges......$1.25 net Old-style blue paper boards, white back and label ..............1.50 net Flexible leather, smooth, dark olive color, gilt tops .............1.75 net Japan vellum edition (numbered).............................. 2.50 net ALSO GIVEN FOR SUBSCRIPTION TO THE MASSES RUBAIYAT OF OMAR KHAYYAM, rendered into English verse by Edward Fitzgerald, AUCASSIN AND NICOLETE, done into English by Andrew Lang. MODERN LOVE AND OTHER POEMS, by George Meredith. SONGS OF INNOCENCE, from the works of William Blake. HOUSE OF POMEGRANATES, by Oscar Wilde. SHROPSHIRE LAD, by A. E. Housman, AND FORTY ADDITIONAL TITLES. Write for Special Catalogue THE MASSES BOOK STORE, 33 W. 14th St., New York BOOKS  BY  DR.  WILLIAM  J. ROBINSON SEXUAL IMPOTENCE W.J.ROBISON $3.00 TREATMENT OF GONORRHEA $2.50 THE LIMITATI0N OF OFFSPRING ROBINSON $1.00 NEVER-TOLD TALES $1.00 STORIES OF LOVE AND LIFE ROBINSON $1.00 practical eugenics — Robinson $0.50 SEXUAL problems OF TO-DAY ROBINSON $2.00 SEX MORALITY ROBINSON $1.00 Offered through The Masses Book Store ONLY TEN LEFT Bound Volumes of THE MASSES For 1915 Price $2.00, F. O. B. New York All the Previous Volumes Have Been Sold Out The N. Y. Evening Post calls this: 'The Uncle Tom of a prison servitude.' The Story of Canada Blackie By ANNE P. L. FIELD Introduction by THOMAS MOTT OSBORNE $1.00 net Can you grow young at 70 ? Read how Sanford Bennett did it. OLD AGE—ITS CAUSE AND PREVENTION By Sanford Bennett Price $1.50 Postpaid One new subscription to The Masses and the book together for $1.75 a most remarkable book of practical benefit by a most remarkable man. Sold by The Masses Book Store THE SEXUAL QUESTION by Prof. August Forel of Zurich, Switzerland, the world-famous scientist. Written in terms of the average reader and comprehending the whole sex subject. Recommended by Max Eastman, the editor of The Masses. It is being widely read in America and used by physicians, lawyers, clergymen, educators, writers, advanced scientists, social workers. Price now $1.60 Also "Psychopathia Sexualis," by Krafft-Ebing, now $1.60. The Masses Book Store, 33 W. 14th St., Í. Y 30 Cents Postpaid THE CHILDREN'S ENCYCLOPEDIA Why do we dream? What is thunder? What makes the rainbow? Why do sea-shells "roar"? Why are the lips red? Why have fish fins? Why have we two eyes? "Armed with this little manual, which is admirably indexed, and profusely illustrated, one could face the most inquisitive stranger, or even the infant son with perfect equanimity." — San Francisco Chronicle. THE MASSES BOOK STORE 33 West 14th St., New York PROUDHON IN TABLOID FORM ECONOMICS OF LIBERTY by Prof. John Beverley Robinson A compact epitome of the voluminous writings of Pierre Joseph Proudhon on economic propositions, condensed to a handy pocket edition of 116 pages, three tables and a diagram. Fifty cents For sale by "The Masses Book Store,"  postage prepaid. Books You Should Have THE SEXUAL LIFE Embracing the natural sexual impulse, normal sexual habits, and propagation, together with sexual physiology and hygiene. By C W. MALCHOW. M.D. Third edition, 6x9 inches, 318 pages.   Price, $3.00. (Sold only to members of the medical and dental professions, to lawyers, clergymen, also recognized students of sociology). NATURAL LAWS OF SEXUAL LIFE Embracing medico-sociological researches. By ANTON NYSTROM, M.D., Stockholm, Sweden. Translated by Carl Sandzen, M.D. 260 pages, 6x9 inches......Price, $2.00. CAUSES AND CURES OF CRIME A popular study of Criminology from the bio-social viewpoint By THOMAS SPEED MOSBY, former Pardon Attorney State of Missouri, Member American Institute of Criminal Law and Criminology, etc. 356 pages, with 100 original illustrations. Price, $2.00. SUGGESTIVE THERAPEUTICS, APPLIED HYPNOTISM AND PSYCHIC SCIENCE A manual of practical psychotherapy and hypnotism. By HENRY S. MUNRO, M.D., Omaha, Nebraska. 410 pp. 6x9 inches, frontispiece. Third Edition..........Price, $4.50. The C. V. Mosby Company, Publishers 801-807 Metropolitan Building St. Louis, U. S. A. SOLD BY THE MASSES BOOK STORE, S3 WEST 14TH ST., NEW YORK. SEX PROBLEMS in WORRY and WORK By Wm. Lee Howard, M. D. A frank and simple statement of the causes of worry and distress among men and women, and the best methods to pursue to secure permanent relief. A revelation of the tremendous problems in sex physiology and psychology, embodying the very latest discoveries and conclusions of modern medical science. Undeniably a book that you should read at your earliest opportunity, to remove some of your own perplexities and to help you save the members of your family from needless fears. CHAPTERS 1. Worry and the Primitive Forces of Nature. 2. Is Chastity Consistent with Health? 3. The Worry over the Fear of becoming Impotent. 4. The Sexual Problem of the Neurasthenic. 6. Why you Worry over Unknown Fears. 6. Interna1 Sex Forces and their Effect upon Efficiency. 7. How Emotions—Fear, Anger, Love, Jealousy—Cause Injury to Bodily Health. 8. Character and Sexuality. By the Same Author. Facts for the Married Plain Facts on Sex Hygiene Confidential Chats with Boys Confidential Chats With Girls Breathe and Be Well Each, Cloth Bound $1.00 net Send for detailed circular giving full information EDWARD J. CLODE, 156 Fifth Ave., New York A New and Unique Achievement in Decorative Art for the Home. MEDALLIONS OF "THE IMMORTALS" Made of Corinthian Bronze, solidly riveted to handsome walnut and hardwood panels, with special brass hangers enclosed, ready for fastening on wall. Guaranteed by the Kathodian Bronze Works Bryant. Tennyson. Burns. Voltaire. Byron. Walt Whitman Darwin. Whittier. Dickens. Beethoven. Goethe. Chopin. Holmes. Liszt. Hugo. Mendelssohn. Longfellow. Mozart. Lowell. Schubert. Mark Twain. Wagner. Milton. Weber. Poe. Grant. Schiller. Jefferson. Shakespeare Lincoln. 7 inches in diameter, on panel 91/2xl2 inches, $3.00 4 inches in diameter, on panel 61/2x81/2 inches, $1.00 Offered through The Masses at 25% off or for subscriptions. Sent to any part of the U. S. Money cheerfully refunded if not satisfied. Remit by Check, Draft, Express or Money Order, or Cash by registered letter. JOHN MACY, Has Written a Daring Invigorating Book on Socialism in America William English Walling, Author of "Socialism As It Is," writes: "I am amazed that Mr. Macy has been able to cover all the most important points, and yet—in spite of the very great condensation this necessitates— has succeeded in making a book every page of which is interesting. I am convinced that there is no other writer in this country who could have made such a brilliant success of this difficult task." Just Out—Net $1.00 Published by Doubleday, Page and Co. Masses Book Store World's Masterpieces Bound in Leather SET OF 30 VOLUMES BOOK  RACK FREE $5.00 The most unusual book bargain ever offered. Books of this quality never sold before for less than fifty cents each. The large quantities in which these books are manufactured enables us to offer these classics, bound in genuine sheep skin, with a free book rack as pictured in the above cut, for only $5.25 a set of thirty volumes. Fifteen titles (your selection) with a book rack sent post free for $3.00. Emerson's Essays Arabian Nights Kipling's Stories Barrack Room Ballads 50 Best Poems of America 60 Best Poems of England Rubaiyat Ballad  of Reading Gaol Pelleas by Maeterlinck Bear Hunt—Tolstoy Dreams—Olive Schreiner Doll's House—Ibsen Stories by De Maupassant Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde Sonnets from the Portuguese Murders in the Rue Morgue Christmas Carol Rip Van Winkle Sherlock Holmes Speeches—Lincoln Alice in Wonderland Child's Garden of Verses Comtesse de Geran—Dumas Shakespeare—Sonnets Hamlet King Lear Macbeth Merchant of Venice Romeo and Juliet Julius Caesar Single titles sent post-free for twenty five cents THE LITTLE LEATHER LIBRARY THE  MASSES  BOOK STORE 33 West 14th Street, New York City. Dangerous Indigestion Indigestion and Constipation are such common ills, they cause so much needless pain and suffering, and result in so many serious diseases, that Dr. John Harvey Kellogg has written a book telling how to prevent and relieve these dangerous disorders. The greatest living authority on diet and digestion here gives you the results of his forty years' experience as Superintendent of the Battle Creek Sanitarium, where he has studied and successfully treated thousands of cases of indigestion and resulting ills. "COLON HYGIENE" is a book of facts—not theories—a book which tells you how to preserve health and strength by natural methods. Dr. Kellogg tells you how to follow natural methods to keep fit—without drugs of any kind. Published by The Good Health Pub. Co. Send $2 to The Masses Book Store. Book may be returned if unsatisfactory on examination. BUSINESS-APR0FESSI0N BY Louis D. Brandeis He is popularly called "the people's lawyer." He is the champion of fair play in business —fairness to everybody—big and little. Read his great chapters on Trusts, Efficiency, Railroad Monopoly, Savings Bank Insurance, Organized Labor, Cut Prices, and all the other splendid chapters in BUSINESS—A PROFESSION. An absorbing, vital, constructive work; it is the great text book of business ethics. 327 Pages Net $2.0 SMALL, MAYNARD and CO. Publishers BOSTON SCIRE QUOD SCIENDVM WHY WAR By Frederic C. Howe "Wars are not made by peoples. . . . Wars are made by irresponsible monarchs, by ruling aristocracies, by foreign ministers, and by diplomats. Wars are made by privileged interests, by financiers, by commercial groups seeking private profit. "Wars are made behind closed doors." From "Why War" by Frederic C. Howe. $1.50 Net SOCIALIZED GERMANY By Frederic C. Howe "A timely, most interesting, most valuable book. Interesting because it treats of its subject in a readable way with great clarity of thought and admirable restraint in expression ; it is valuable because it is a guide to the future, the future that begins when war ceases and for which we should prepare now; it is timely because it delineates the German peril to the United States." —Boston Transcript. $1.50 Net CHARLES SCRIBNER'S SONS THE SOCIALISM OF TO-DAY Edited by William English Walling, Jessie Wallace Hughan, J. G. Phelps Stokes, Harry W. Laidler, and other members of a committee of the Intercollegiate Socialist Society. 12mo, about 5.00 pages, $1.50 net. With this new collection of several hundred documents, a source book of Socialism, the whole treatment of the subject of Socialism passes into a new and more scientific phase. While the editors are for the most part members of the movement, thoroughly familiar with its internal history and organization, they have adopted a purely scientific attitude. It aims to include all important questions that have been touched upon in recent years by any of the world's leading Socialist Parties. Very few Socialists even, are familiar with more than a small part of its contents. It covers all the leading countries from Russia and China to Australia and the Argentine Republic (though half of the volume is given, naturally, to Germany, Great Britain, and the United States). CHICAGO POEMS By CARL SANDBURG. 12mo. $1.30 net. In his ability to concentrate a whole story or picture or character within the compass of a few lines, Mr. Sandburg's work compares  favorably with the best achievements of the recent successful American poets. It is, however, distinguished by its trenchant note of social criticism and by its vision of a better social order. HENRY HOLT and COMPANY The Book of the Hour BARBAROUS MEXICO By JOHN KENNETH TURNER MEXICO is the TREASURE HOUSE of the WORLD. It leads in the production of SILVER, comes second in the mining of COPPER, third in the OIL industry, and fourth in the richness of its GOLD MINES—but the people are crushed under the IRON HEEL of the rich. A COLONEL IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY writes: "I have been surprised, shocked and horrified by reading Barbarous Mexico. I will not stop to tell you my feelings on the subject of Mr. Turner's REVELATIONS. * * * I am very anxious to have the PRESIDENT READ IT. The conditions depicted by Mr. Turner should be corrected by the American people, and this cannot be done until the people know the facts. If I can help in any way I would much like to do so." An American newspaper man in Mexico writes us: "The American CAPITALISTS want INTERVENTION before the European war is over.   Can you guess the reason why?" 340 pages of FACTS and SUPPRESSED INFORMATION. Fully illustrated, bound in blue and gold. $1.50 prepaid. Order your copy to-day—as they are going fast. Charles H. Kerr and Co. 345 East Ohio Street Chicago An International War Series ABOVE THE BATTLE: By Romain Rolland. An eloquent appeal to the youth of the world to declare a strike against war.   Cloth $1.00. JUSTICE IN WAR TIME: An appeal to intellectuals. By Hon. Bertrand Russell, Trinity College, Cambridge, England. Pp. 300. Cloth $1.00, paper 50 cents. CARLYLE AND THE WAR: By Marshall Kelly of London, England.   Pp. 260   Cloth $1.00. GERMANY MISJUDGED: An appeal to international good will. By Roland Hugins, Cornell University.  Pp.155.  Cloth $1.00. BELGIUM AND GERMANY: A neutral Dutch view of the war. By Dr. J. H. Labberton, translated from the Dutch by William Ellery Leonard. Pp. 115. Cloth $1.00. NEUTRALITY: A sarcastic review of the American Press and the part it plays in the great war. By S. Ivor Stephen.  Cloth $1.00, paper 50 cents. Open Court Publishing Co. Chicago [pgbrk]