The Crisis THE CRISIS l5 cts. a Copy JUNE 1920 $ 1.50 a Year Why a Branch of the N. A. A. C. P. in Your Community Ten years ago the N. A. A. C. P. was in its infancy. To-day it is a powerful, aggressive and militant working force for full citizenship rights for the American Negro. But, a chain is no stronger than its weakest link. The strength of the N. A. A. C. P. chain is in its 325 branches and over 90,000 members in 43 states. The weakness of the N. A. A. C. P. chain is in the fact that it has not yet reached every Negro in America. The Negro who wants to be able to vote in any state, to have educational opportunities for his children, justice in the courts, and to abolish lynching and discrimination of every kind, can secure these rights only through a strong, well-supported organization which never sleeps and is always on the job. If you have no N. A. A. C. P. branch in your community, write to-day for information on how to organize a Branch of the N. A. A. C. P. in your community, to The National Association for the Advancement of Colored People 70 FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK, N. Y. National Officers Executive Officers President Chairman of the Board MOORFIELD STOREY MARY WHITE OVINGTON SecretaryVice-Presidents JOHN R. SHILLADY ARCHIBALD H. GRIMKE REV. JOHN HAYNES HOLMES Treasurer J. E. SPINGARN ARTHUR B. SPINGARN Director of Publications and Research OSWALD GARRISON VILLARD BISHOP JOHN HURST DR. w. E. B. DUBOIS JAMES WELDON JOHNSON, Field Secretary WILLIAM PICKENS, Associate Field Secretary WALTER F. WHITE. Assistant Secretary THE CRISIS A RECORD OF THE DARKER RACES PUBLISHED MONTHLY AND COPYRIGHTED BY THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE, AT 70 FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK CITY. CON DUCTED BY W. E. BURGHARDT DU BOIS; JESSIE REDMON FAUSET, LITERARY EDITOR; AUGUSTUS GRANVILLE DILL, BUSINESS MANAGER. Vol. 20-No. 2 JUNE, 1920 Whole No. 116 PICTURES Page COVER. DRAWING. By Lucile Rogers and Hilda Wilkinson DUNBAR. From the Bronze Bust by May Howard Jackson 75 TH E TANG O ARTIST. From the Painting by George Luks 81 A LABOR MEETING IN THE PANAMA CANAL ZONE 85 MEN OF THE MONTH 91-92 ARTICLES UNPUBLISHED LETTERS OF PAUL LAURENCE DUNBAR TO A FRIEND 73 SEA-WINDS . A Poem. Winifred Virginia Jordan 76 O N TH E FIELDS O F FRANCE . A One-Act Play. The late Joseph Seamon Cotter, Jr 77 NEW LITERATURE ON THE NEGRO. Jessie Fauset 78 AMERICAN DEMOCRACY IN THE PANAMA CANAL ZONE. I. Harvey T. Patterson; II. Thomas C. Saint S3 YOUT H PASSES. A Poem. Lillian B. Witten 97 DEPARTMENTS OPINION * 63 NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE 1:7 MEN OF THE MONTH 90 THE LOOKING GLASS 94 TH E HORIZON 98 THE JULY CRISIS The July CRISIS will be our Annual Education Number. The August CRISIS is Vacation Number. The October CRISIS is Hornet Number. Send us pictures. FIFTEEN CENTS A COPY; ONE DOLLAR AND A HALF A YEAR FOREIGN SUBSCRIPTIONS TWENTY-FIVE CENTS EXTRA RENEWALS: The date of expiration of each subscription is printed on the wrapper. When the subscription is clue, a blue renewal blank is enclosed. CHANGE OF ADDRESS: The address of a subscriber can be changed as often as desired. In ordering a change of address, both the old and the new address must be given. Two weeks' notice is required. MANUSCRIPTS rind drawings relating to colored people are desired. They must be accom panied by return postage. If found unavailable they will be returned. Entered as second class matter November 2, 1910, at the post office at New York, New York, under the Act of March 3, 1879. 66 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER National Training School DURHAM, NORTH CAROLINA A School for the Training of Colored Young Men and Women for Service Though it is young in history, the Institution feels a just pride in the work thus far accomplished, for its graduates are already filling many responsible positions, thus demonstrating the aim of the school to train men and women for useful citizenship. DEPARTMENTS ALREADY ESTABLISHED The Grammar School The Teacher Training Department The Academy The Divinity School The School of Arts and Sciences The Commercial Department The Department of Music The Department of Home Economics The Department of Social Service* TERM OPENS SEPTEMBER 21, 1920 For further information and Catalog, address President James E. Shepard, Durham, North Carolina 1888 1920 The Cheyney Training School for Teachers St. Paul Normal and CHEYNEY, PENNA. Courses include the regular academic and professional subjects and special departments in domestic art, domestic science, manual Industrial School training and agriculture. Board and tuition $125. Next regular term begins Wednesday, September 15, 1920. Summer school for LAWRENCEVILLE, VA. teachers in active service, beginning July 1. Board and tuition for the month $20.00. For Thirty -Third Session further particulars and catalog write Leslie Pinckney Hill, Principal, Cheney, Fenna. BEGINS SEPTEMBER 28, 1920 COURSES Primary, Grammar School, Normal, Industrial Graduates receive State High KNOXVILLE COLLEGE School Certificate which will admit to Standard Normal Best Moral and Spiritual Environment. Schools and Colleges Splendid Intellectual Atmosphere. Noted for Honest and Thorough Work. SUMMER SCHOOL FOR TEACHERS Institution offers full courses in the folEXTENSIVE TRADE COURSES lowing departments: College, Normal, High School, Grammar School, Domestic Science, Athletic Training, Football, Baseball, Tennis, Etc. Nurse Training and Industrial. FULL COURSE IN MILITARY TRAINING Beautiful Situation. Healthful Location. Good water, steam heat, electric lights, natural drainage, splendid dormitories. Ex For Catalog and Further Information address penses very reasonable. Begins September 15, 1920. Rev. James S. Russell, D. D., For catalog and other information address Principal PRESIDENT. J. KELLY GIFFEN Knoxville, Tenn. LAWRENCEVILLE, VA, THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Atlanta University Is beautifully located In the City of Atlanta. Ga. Th . courses of study include Hig h School, Normal School and College. with Manual training and domestic science. Among the teachers are graduates of Tale, Harvard, Dartmouth and Wellesley. Fifty years of successful work have been completed. Students soma from all parts of the south. Graduates are almost universally successful. For farther Information address President EDWARD T. WARE ATLANTA, OA. The Alumni of Lincoln University are raising $50,000 for ALMA MATER Lincoln trains for leadership and success. Address: President John B. Rendall, D. D. Lincoln University- Chester County, Pa. 1870 1920 CLARK UNIVERSITY ATLANTA, GEORGIA Beautiful campus overlooking the city. Comfortable buildings with modem conveniences; talented faculty; rigorous, religious atmosphere; excellent library and laboratories; co-educational; athletics. Admission only by application. Courses of Study: Domestic Science, Public Speaking, Musio; Pre-Academy. Seventh and Eighth Grades. Academy or High School, four years with diploma. Pre-Medical, two years above academy. Normal, two years above academy with diploma College, four years with A B degree. 51st year opens September 15, 1920 Expenses, $15.00 per month will cover all necessary expenses, HARRY ANDREWS KING, President The Florida Agricultural and Mechanical College Offers courses leading to certificates, diplomas and degrees. Nathan B. Young, President Tallahassee, Florida Atlanta University Studies of the Negro Problems 20 Monographs Sold Separately Address ATLANTA UNIVERSITY CONFERENCE ATLANTA UNIVERSITY :: ATLANTA, GA. MOREHOUSE COLLEGE (Formerly Atlanta Baptist College). ATLANTA, GA College, Academy, Divinity School An institution famous within recent years for its emphasis on all sides of manly development—the only institution in the far South devoted solely to the education of Negro young men. Graduates given high ranking by greatest northern universities. Debating, Y. M. C. A., athletics, all live features. For information, address JOHN HOPE, President. FISK UNIVERSITY NASHVILLE, TENN. Founded 1866 Thorough Literary, Scientific, Educational, Musical and Social Science Courses. Pioneer in Negro music. Special study in Negro life. Ideal and sanitary buildings and grounds. Well-equipped Science building. Christian home life. High standard of independent manhood and womanhood. For literature, etc., write FAYETTE AVERY McKENZIE, President DIDDLE UNIVERSITY CHARLOTTE, N. C. Biddle University, operated under the auspices of the Northern Presbyterian Church, has four Departments—High School, Arts and Sciences Theological and Industrial. The completion of a Grammar School course is the requirement for entrance to the first veer of the High School. The School of Arts and Sciences offers two courses, of study, the Classical and the Scientific, in the scientific, German l i substituted for Greek or Latin. The entrance requirement for the Freshman Clans Is 15 units of High School work. The Theological Department offers two courses, each consisting of three years. The first Is purely English, Greek and Hebrew are taught In the others. Al l students in the High School Dept. are required to take trades In the Industrial Dept. For further Information, address President H. L. MoCrorty, Charlotte, N. C. Morris Brown University Atlanta, Ga. Co-Educational The largest institution of learning in the South owned and controlled by Negroes. Faculty of specialists, trained in some of the best universities in the North and in the South. Noted for high standard of scholarship; industrial emphasis and positive Chris tian influence.* Well equipped dormitories; sane athletics under faculty supervision. Expenses reasonable. Location central and healthful. Departments: Theology, College Preparatory, Normal, Commercial, Musical, Domestic Science, Nurse Training. Sewing, Printing and Tailoring. First Semester begins September, 1920. For further information address W. A. FOUNTAIN, President BISHOP J. S. FLIPPER. Chairman Trustee Board THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Wiley University Marshall, Texas Recognized as a college of first class by Texas, Louisiana, Arkansas and Oklahoma State Boards of Education. Harvard, Boston University. University of Illinois and University of Chicago represented on its faculty. One hundred twenty-seven in College Department, session 1919-1920. Several new buildings, steam heated and electric lighted. M . W. DOGAN, President Talledega College Talledega, Alabama Founded in 1867 for the Education of Negro Leaders Beautiful and Healthful location. Literary, Scientific, Educational, So cial Service, Theological, Musical, Business Administration, Journalism, Nurse Training Courses. High Standards of Christian Man hood and Womanhood. For further information address F. A. SUMNER, President The Agricultural &amp; Technical College of North Carolina Maintained by the State and Federal Government For males only. Practical and Strong Courses by the following Departments: Agricultural, Mechanical, Academic, Teacher Training, and Military. Summer School for teachers of both sexes begins June 21, and continues six weeks. Write today for catalog. JAS. B. DUDLEY, President, Greensboro, N. C. WILBERFORCE UNIVERSITY SUMMER SCHOOL WILBERFORCE OHIO Seventh Annual Session, June 21 to July 31, 1920 Location ideal; faculty large; dormitory room ample, teaching facilities the best. Special lectures; model school for observation and practice; fees and expenses reasonable. Credit in regular session given for work done in the summer; all courses standard. Courses offered—professional, normal, collegiate and high school. For further particulars write GILBERT H. JONES, Box 44 Director Summer School, W.	 S. SCARBOROUGH. President of the University. COLEMAN COLLEGE GIBSLAND, LA. Supported by Baptist State Woman's Home Mission Society of Chicago and Boston and A. B. H. Society of New York. Students from six different states. Graduates exempted on first grade by Louisiana, Arkansas and Oklahoma. O. L. COLEMAN, President ST. MARY'S SCHOOL An Episcopal boarding school for girls, under the direction of the sisters of St. Mary. Address: TH E SISTER-IN-CHARGE, 6138 Germantown Avenue, Philadelphia, Pa. Berean Manual Training and Industrial School Spring Term Opened April 6th, 1920 Are you looking for Training in good-paying Trades? JOIN BEREAN. Are you looking for special coaching in academic studies? JOIN BEREAN . Are you looking for sympathetic instruc tion in elementary studies? JOIN BEREAN . Evening Classes. Moderate Tuition Fees. Painstaking Teachers. Write or Call on the Principal, MATTHEW ANDERSON 1926 South College Avenue, Philadelphia, Pa. Opposite Girard College Hartshorn Memorial College Richmond, Va. A separate school for higher education of girls Thirty seven years of success Offers superior advantages College, Normal, Academic, Junior and Music courses Expenses moderate Send for catalog to the President Educational Institutions continued on page 103 Mention THE CRISIS. THE CRISIS Vol. 20. No. 2 JUNE, 1920 Whole No. 116 OPINION of W. E. B. DuBois PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATES marriage between the white andWE have asked 17 men menNegro races. tioned for the presidency "Section I: Be it enacted by the what their attitude is on Legislature of the State of 1. Lynching Mississippi that any person publishing or 2. "Jim Crow" cars circulating printed, typewritten or 3. Disfranchisement written matter urging or presenting 4. Haiti for public acceptance or general in5. National aid to Negro common formation, arguments or suggestions schools in favor of social equality or of inter6. Colored army officers marriage between whites and7. Segregation in the civil service. Negroes, shall be guilty of a misdeSenator Poindexter has replied that meanor and subject to a fine of not he is "in favor of maintaining the exceeding five hundred dollars or im, legal rights and opportunities of all prisonment not exceeding six months our citizens, regardless of color or or both fine and imprisonment in the condition". discretion of the court. Senator Harding replied that he "Section II: That this act take efwould stand on the party platform, fect and be in force from and after and General Wood, replying only to its passage." statements of his reported attitude toOne of our agents in Mississippi is ward colored army officers, says: the Reverend E. R. Franklin of"The reports concerning colored offiJackson. He is, according to one of the cers are not true. Most of this propabest known citizens of the state, "a ganda is enemy propaganda." splendid type of the upstanding conFourteen gentlemen have announced by servative young Negro of the South. their silence that they have no conHe has been preaching and teaching victions or policy toward the greatest school for a number of years, and in social problem facing America. We every place has been well liked by will forget these gentlemen neither in the white people." our prayers nor in our votes. On Sunday, April 18, Mr. Franklin MISSISSIPPI was on a Yazoo and Mississippi ON March 25, 1920, the follow-Valley train going from Jackson to lowing law was passed' by Tchula, where he was to settle the estate of the Mississippi Legislature: a deceased sister. He had a few copies "An act to make it a misof TH E CRISIS with him containing demeanor to print or publish or cirthe article by William Pickens on our culate printed or published appeals or soldiers in France. He had let one presentations of arguments or sugor two passengers have copies. "Soon gestions favoring social equality or after he had let these passengers have 70 THE the copies, the conductor came up and asked to see a copy also, which he handed him. "He says that he thought no more of it until upon his arrival in Tchula, he was met at the station by a mob who threw guns in his face and began to beat him; that after the mob had beaten him most severely, some having a rope crying 'lynch him', the counsel of one certain man in the crowd to only whip him, but not to kill him, prevailed. "And when this mob got through with him, they ordered him to get on up the railroad track out of town or they would kill him ; so he then began in his weakened, dazed condition, as best he could, to get up the road. This was about dusk, and he had not gotten far before he looked around and saw either the same or another mob coming after him. And Tchula being practically in a swamp and about wholly surrounded by high water at that time, he slid from the railroad track down into the swamp and stood in the thickets and in water above his waist, with his overcoat thrown over his head to camouflage himself as nearly as possible as an old tree snag. "Later, in the thick of darkness, he eased out of the water into the field, and sat there for the remainder of the night with his overcoat still thrown over his head, camouflaged as a stump. "The mob came in great numbers and threw flashlights and whooped and howled like demons for quite a while but never detected him. Later a terrible rain storm came up and they had to disperse for the night. He remained in his camouflaged state, under this awful downpour and thunder storm all night; and at day break the next morning, crawled back to the railroad track, and there met a white man whom he told what had happened, and asked this white man to CRISIS assist him to an officer that he might seek protection. "This man took him back to Tchula and there they went to the justice of the peace and told him what had happened. Thereupon, the justice of the peace had an affidavit sworn out against him." On the strength of this affidavit and without trial or indictment he was forthwith sentenced to a fine of $400 and five months on the county chain gang. His bail was placed at $1000 and in less than 30 minutes colored friends in Jackson subscribed $2,500. "We then employed a lawyer here to go to Tchula and tender the bond, whereupon a crowd of three hundred men met the lawyer soon after his arrival in Tchula and threatened to mob him if he dared represent Franklin ; and the justice of the peace who declined the bond, (though it had been properly certified to by the sheriff and thereby proven valid as required by the law), told the lawyer that Franklin would be lynched if released and that his only salvation would be to permit him to work out the sentence." The N. A. A. C. P. then wired the Governor and received from the act ing Lieutenant-Governor, H. H. Casteel, a reply, saying: "The mildness of his sentence was because of his ignorance. If the editors of this sheet would visit Mississippi we would make an example of them that would be a lasting benefit to the colored people of the South and would not soon be forgotten." Another telegram was despatched and efforts made to get other lawyers. Governor Russell replied saying, April 26: "I am not advised about the facts of the case but I am sure that the people of the state will see that the law is enforced and every right guaranteed under the law to any citi zen is respected; however, let me add OPINION that I am sure this party got out very light, if I am properly advised, and that the law has been vindicated by the punishment he has received. "Let me also add that I fully in dorse the telegram of Acting Governor Casteel, and when this man or any man comes into the state or into any state and advocates social equality and intermarriage of the Negro race with the white race he is doing that which should be condemned by both races alike." On April 27 Franklin was released on bond and arrived in Jackson, April 28. He will be tried at Lexington, Miss., at the next term of the circuit court in the fall. ARKANSAS IN the March number of TH E CRISIS we paused in order to let Bishop Conner, President J. M. Cox and President Joseph A . Booker of Arkansas explain to the colored people why they wished Robert L. Hill, accused of "fomenting insurrection", returned to Arkansas from Kansas for trial. These gentlemen have sent us a reply which we cannot publish in full because of its length but which gives five reasons for their action: 1. "We felt obliged in the final analysis to register ourselves on the side of law and order." 2. "We felt obliged to stand with the chief executive of the state who had reposed in us so much confidence as to make us some of his closest advisers." 3. "We felt and still feel that Hill was not so great a criminal as he was painted and that a fair trial would justify us in our belief and in our course." 4. "We felt that his living testimony would throw very great light upon the trials of the men then in the State Prison, twelve in the death cell and seventy-five on the convict farm working out long and short terms. 5. "We had the assurance from Governor Brough that Hill would have ample protection and a fair trial." We regret to say that these reasons seem to us ludicrously inadequate. We are unable to see how any honest upstanding black man in the face of the awful things that happened in Arkansas in the last year, could for a moment publicly express his trust either in the Governor of the state or in the course of law. And we strongly suspect that because Governor Brough had put upon these men the factitious honor of sitting in his "Commission on Race Relations" they have been blind to the fact that if the commission meant anything, it meant that it was an organ for the discovery of the truth and that it was the business of these colored men not to lie to the white people of Arkansas, but to tell them frankly and fairly that the murder of the Johnson Brothers, the murder of 25 or 50 peons, and the sentencing of 100 others to death and imprisonment, was a thing so horrible that they absolutely refused to consent to bringing other Negroes to trial until those Negroes had got something like justice. These gentlemen further seek to justify themselves by pointing out the fact that six Negroes have got new trials. They know perfectly well that this result was brought about by forces outside the state of Arkansas. We would like to ask too if Messrs. Conner, Cox and Booker regard it as a singular honor to sit upon a race commission with a white man who lived in open concubinage with a colored woman, is father of a colored child, and in 1910 was indicted at Hot Springs for attempted rape upon another colored girl and escaped trial only by sailing for Europe If these THE 72 gentleman or anybody else in Arkansas would like the name of this person TH E CRISIS can furnish not only the name but proper affidavits. We fail to see the honor attending membership on a race commission made up even in part of men of this stamp. A RESIGNATION THE CRISIS notes with deep regret the resignation of Mr. John R. Shillady, Secretary of the N. A. A. C. P. for two years. To the Chairman and the Board of Directors: I herewith tender my resignation as Secretary of the Association, to take effect at the convenience of the Board. It would be agreeable to me to terminate my connection with the Association on April 30 or May 15, or on any date that would suit the Board's convenience. My reasons for such are personal. Moreover, I am less confident than heretofore of the speedy success of the Association's full program and of the probability of overcoming within a reasonable period the forces opposed to Negro equality by the means and methods which are within the Association's power to employ. It has been a pleasure to serve with the members of the Board in a common service. I am deeply grateful for the unqualified support with which I have been favored and for the fine spirit of team play which has prevailed between the other members of the executive and clerical staffs and myself. I value no less the friendships and deep affections which have grown up on my part for the men and women with whom I have been so intimately associated. I shall ever hold them all, members of the Board, my fellow-workers, and the branch officers and members, in the highest esteem. CRISIS What has been done has been done with gladness. Whatever progress has been made has been due to the fine spirit of co-operation among the staff, their loyalty to the work and the devotion of the branches to the common cause. Sincerely yours, JOHN R. SHILLADY, Secretary. THE CHILDREN'S NUMBER PARENTS keep writing us to ask if we are to have a Children's Number this year. To be sure we are and because of the popularity of that number we are to have not one number but twelve numbers,—a children's number for each month. This Children's Number of TH E CRISIS is called the Brownies' Book and if you haven't seen it you have something to look forward to. Send us the kiddies' pictures and stories and wants. They will all appear in the Brownies' Book. PAPER THE stringency in the paper market is so acute that TH E CRISIS has been reluctantly compelled to take radical precautions. First, in the last two months we have limited our edition to the absolute demands of subscribers and the very best of our agents. This month we are compelled to take a further step of reducing our reading matter to forty-eight pages in order to avoid any contingency of finding ourselves in mid summer absolutely without paper. We trust that this extraordinary shortage of paper will pass within a month or so and that we can return to our regular size. May we not ask the sympathy of our friends and readers? UNPUBLISHED LETTERS OF PAUL LAURENCE DUNBAR TO A FRIEND London, W. C, 15th March, '97. MY Dear Sir:—As usual, preoccupation and a positively lazy mood compelled me to let your letters go too long unanswered. But since reaching here my mind has been so busy taking in new sights and new experiences that it found little time for other efforts. I thank you for Mr. Allen's note and shall be pleased to keep it. I am so glad also that you too can see and appreciate the utter hollowness of the most of American book criticism. It makes me smile and it makes me sneer. (I write the last word with some misgiving lest you should think, with good reason, it was swear.) One critic says a thing and the rest hasten to say the same thing, in many instances using the identical words. I see now very clearly that Mr. Howells has done me irrevocable harm in the dictum he laid down regarding my dialect verse. I am afraid that it will even influence English criticism, although what notices I have had here have shown a different trend. Yo u will be pleased to know that I have placed my book with Messrs. Chapman and Hall who will soon publish it. But the returns from it here will be small unless it sells largely. A t present I do not feel very sanguine of a reading success here though I have had most excellent notices from the press and the Savage Club has dined me with much enthusiasm. I am not tired of writing, but I am tired of trying to sell, and running about acting as a curiosity. But enough of my griefs. I know that you are acquainted with London and so there is nothing I can tell you about this great dingy hive. One thing, I can work here, because the constant gloom and frequent rains well accord with my mood. Away up in my high room, where my manager has seen fit to place me, with a glimpse of gray sky and grimy back walls,—a prospect no brighter than my own,—I know how Thomas Chatterton felt and feel as he did, only less brave and decisive. New York, 8/7/1897. My Dear Dr.: I am still in the "impression" business for the sake of my financial health and the satisfaction of the yellow journals. I am much better than when I visited you Sunday but am standing the heat very poorly as I have little or no strength. This rush for London impressions seems to me a very disgusting thing and I am only sorry that I am not in a position to resist the demands made upon me. A golden eagle is a great corrector of the artistic sense. I have again been to order Fitzgerald's "Omar Khayyam", but did not succeed in getting it. Have also just purchased 'The Damnation of Theron Ware" which my novel is said to very closely resemble. Have not yet however had time to dip into it. That and D'Annunzio's "Triumph of Death" will be my next reading. Have you yet read the latter? It is beastly, almost, but wonderfully striking. It is decadent and that of course spells sale. When one is just over the first flush of youthful enthusiasm and beyond the first glow of youthful dreaming, how sordid and cynical and commercial we grow. It reminds me of a very devilish devil, consciously contemplating: "What a devil of a devil I am!" But I think it is the condition of the atmosphere that has made me think about devils; perhaps over in Jersey your thoughts are soaring. Mine are not. Washington, D. C , Oct. 2nd, 1898. My Dear Dr. F : I am sending you herewith a copy of "The Uncalled", which at last sees the light in book form. Even now, though I have revised and revised it, there are many things about it that I would change if I had the chance. You spoke in one of your letters about my wife's inspiring one of my poems. She inspired not only that, but is responsible for this whole novel,—a responsibility of doubtful creditability, no doubt. I still stagnate here among books on medicine and natural science, in what I have come to believe the most God-forsaken and unliterary town in America. I hate Washington very cordially and evidently it returns the compliment, for my health is continually poor here. TH E CRISIS I am about finishing up the copy for a new volume of verses, after which I shall go to work in real earnest on my novel which will deal with the educated class of my own people. I am in love with literature and wish I could give my whole time to reading and writing, but, alas one must eat, and so I plod along making the thing that is really first in my heart, a secondary matter in my life. I shall be glad to hear from you when you have time. Washington, D. C, Nov. 7th, 1900. My Dear Dr. F : Mine is so truant a disposition that it is hard for one to keep his finger upon me. I am here today and gone—yesterday. I doubt if you have known for some time where I am located. But the above address will tell you, I am here again. Of course I tried to resume reading and am in consequence a reluctant invalid. There is such a charm, though, about just lazing around in a locality that one really likes, that I do not feel very deeply my enforced idleness. Enforced idleness is good. I have been idle for just about four hours, and this after finishing a 40,000 word novel and several short stories and bits of verse since the middle of September. Do I not deserve to be lazy and to be allowed to read Van Dyke's "Fisherman's Luck", which I am now enjoying to the full? What a charming writer he is, how easy and graceful and humorous. I wonder if it is as easy writing as it seems. I don't believe. I have no doubt but that some of those lilting, musical sentences of his were carved out with deep travail. You may look for a copy of my new book "The Love of Landry" within a week or maybe less time. It seems almost a sacrilege to mention my slight and altogether inadequate story just after "Fisherman's Luck", but we cannot all be Homers though we all may nod. I am going to give myself a little vacation for a while right here at home. I shall smoke, and read, and play cards, and make night (and day as well) hideous with my violin. How long this will last it is hard to tell, for it takes only a short time for the bee of unrest to sting me into activity. Will you remember me kindly to your family, please? Washington, D. C , Sept. 20th, 1901. My Dear Dr. F : It does seem strange to be sending a letter to you at Swiftwater, but you are liking it better there I hope. The very name to me is suggestive of a delightful rural locality with a stream and the possibility of playing Isaac Walton beside its banks. Maybe it's nothing of the kind. One can never count on anything in this inconsistent country. I have been fishing down on the Chesapeake at intervals this summer and have caught many fish and much malaria, the quality of both being above reproach. I am glad to have you say nice things about "The Fanatics". Yo u do not know how my hopes were planted in that book and it has utterly disappointed me. Like that right wrist of yours, which I hope is better now, it went very lame upon me and, know ing it as the best thing I have done, dis couragement has taken hold upon me. There are many other things against me now to keep my cheerfulness in check. Mrs. Dunbar was injured at the President's funeral, brutally struck by a policeman in the surging crowd. I returned the same day after having a nice big hemorrhage on the train. M y literary reaction continues and altogether I am in a blue funk. Dayton, Ohio, September 30th, 1904. Dear Dr. F : Long silence does not mean neglect, It only means That we may trust to friendship to reflect On the betweens. This is an apology. Dayton, Ohio, Oct. 21st, 1904. My Dear Dr. F ; You have turned my little poem very cleverly upon me. I insist that I meant it for an apology, and you, with the physician's subtle mind, have ferreted out a rebuke. It was nothing of the kind because I know I was entirely at fault, but it is so good to hear from you again that whether it was an apology or a rebuke it has at least done me a great service. I have indeed been very ill and am glad to be here at home where good nursing and 1872 Paul Laurence Dunbar 1906 DUNBAR From the bronze bust by May Howard Jackson, unveiled in the Dunbar High School, Washington, D, C. TH E CRISIS good air ought to do me good, but I fear that I am not going to be allowed a chance to stay, as the doctors are crying California, California, even as before they cried Colorado. Mother joins me in very warm regards to you. Dayton, 0., Dec. 15th, 1905. Dear Dr. F : Of course you must have known the reason that I have not answered your letter before this. I confess that I was not in a very cheerful mood and the mood has not yet come, but I must drop you a line to let you know just what a bit of good-fornothingness I am. M y life consists in going to bed at the beginning of the month and staying there, with very brief intervals of half an hour or so, until the beginning of the next month. This repeated over ad libitum and you have my total existence. Of course there are some friends who come in, and some books that occasionally I get to read, but usually I am studying the pattern of the ceiling until I could make a very clever sketch of it from memory without the trouble of learning to draw. I was very glad to have this word from you. It seems to put me in touch with the world again, although you say that you are up in the mountains away from the world. Yo u are nearer to it than I. It is the proximity of the heart and mind, rather than physical nearness, that counts. I hope that, you and all the family are still very well, and I trust that you will keep your health, a thing which ought to be taught in our schools if ever a branch needed teaching. I am not going to be entirely cheerless now. I had a visit from Mrs. Eugene Field this week and later she sent me her own picture of the poet which has been her companion for years. Besides that, John Cecil Clay was good enough to send me an exquisite book of his, "The Lover's Mother Goose". So you see m y cup runneth over. Ad d to this the expectation of an answer to this letter and I can defy a few more nights of pain and days of loneli ness. Dayton, 0., Dec. 30th, 1905. My Dear Dr. F : Al l greetings of the season to you and your family. An d thanks for the presents which I prize very highly. Your counterfeit presentment makes me feel almost as if you were here. But will you please ask Mrs. F. where she got the card with my writing on it, "Howdy, Honey, Howdy", because it is my writing. I am burning with curiosity. You have spent a pleasant holiday sea son, I know. Ho w could you help it in the Arcadia you have found for yourself? If you do not write much poetry as the days go on I shall come to be greatly dis appointed in you. Do you ever hear from the erratic scribe, Mr. Cowan? I used to come across some thing of his now and then but have not now for a long while. I, too, am lying fallow. I believe my soil has become greatly impoverished, and it will take a good many more rains and snows to put anything into it worth com ing out in blossom. But my greatest help will be the knowledge that my friends keep in touch with me, and now and then a line like an electric spark flashes from one to the other and I am new again and un afraid. Write me when you have leisure, and believe me, with all gratitude to you and Mrs. F . SEA WINDS WINIFRED VIRGINIA JORDAN I AM weary for the winds that blow, Oh, how can I find contentment when The winds that blow from sea; The thirst that burns my heart The long, slow stretch of land and hills Is wearying for sea-winds and But snare and smother me! Of sea-winds is a part? ON THE FIELDS OF FRANCE A ONE ACT PLAY TH E LATE JOSEPH SEAMON COTTER, JR. Persons Represented A White American Officer A Colored American Officer Time—Present Place—Battlefield of Northern France (Curtain rises on White American Officer and Colored American Officer, both mortally wounded.) WHIT E OFFICER (Rises on elbow an sees someone across field. Speaks slowly as if in pain)—I say there, my good fellow, have you a drop of water to spare? The Boches have about done for me, I fear. COLORED OFFICER (Turns over)—Who calls? WHIT E OFFICER (Sees that he is a fellowofficer)—It is I, a fellow-officer, my friend. A shell has gone through my body and the fever has parched my lips. Have you a drop to spare? COLORED OFFICER (Speaks in catches)—I am—about done for—myself. They've got me—through the lung. I've enough water —to moisten our—lips about as long—as either of—us will be here. (They dray themselves across toward each other. They get close enough to touch hands, COLORED OFFICER hands his canteen to WHIT E OFFICER, who moistens his lips and hands it back.) WHIT E OFFICER—That is much better, my friend. I have been lying here for several hours, it seems, waiting for someone. We went over the Boches' trenches in a bombing squad and they got me coming hack. COLORED OFFICER—I was range-finding— and the snipers—got me. I have been dragging—myself towards our trenches—for an hour or so. I got this—far and decided to —stop and close my eyes—and wait for the —end here. It won't be—far off anywhere. (WHITE OFFICER'S strength begins to fail and he slips back, COLORED OFFICER takes his hand and he raises himself up with an effort and speaks.) WHIT E OFFICER—I thought I was gone then. My strength is going fast. Hold my hand. It won't feel so lonesome dying way over here in France. COLORED OFFICER (Takes his hand)—I feel much better—myself. After all—it isn't so hard—to die when—you are dying—for Liberty. WHIT E OFFICER—Do you feel that way too? I've often wondered how your people felt. We've treated you so bally mean over home that I've wondered if you could feel that way. I've been as guilty as the rest, maybe more so than some. But that was yesterday.— What is that I see? (Rises with unbelievable strength and points toward the heavens.) Do you see it? It is a white-haired figure clad in the Old Continentals, standing there within the gates of heaven. And he is beckoning for me. It is Washington. COLORED OFFICER—(Speaks excitedly and rapidly.) I see him, I see him. And who is that beside him with his swarthy chest bare and torn? It is Attucks—Crispus Attucks, and he beckons to me.' (He gasps for breath, fatigued with his rapid talk.) WHIT E OFFICER—They stand hand in hand. And there is Lee. He beckons to me. Those serried hosts behind him,—they're Forrest and his men. They call to me to join them. COLORED OFFICER—(Speaks slowly now, gasping for breath all the while.) And there is—Carney with the Old Flag—still in the air. And back of—him, those swarthy—hosts, they're Shaw—and his black— heroes. An d they—beckon to me. WHIT E OFFICER—(Slips back on elbow.) They stand hand in hand over there and we die hand in hand here on the fields of France. Wh y couldn't we have lived like this at home? They beckon to us, to you and to me. It is one country she will some day be, in truth as well as in spirit—the country of Washington and Attucks, (speaks slowly and painfully) of Lee and Carney. The country of the whites and the country of the blacks. Our country! WHITE OFFICER AND COLORED OFFICER— (together) America! (They fall back hand in hand as their life blood ebbs away.) NEW LITERATURE ON THE NEGRO JESSIE FAUSET Romulus Coucou. By Paul Reboux. Ernest Flammarion. Paris, France. Unwritten History. By Bishop L. J. Coppin. The A. M. E. Book Concern, Philadelphia, Pa. The Negro Trail Blazers of California. By Delilah L. Beasley. Los Angeles, Cal. The Man Next Door. By Algernon Brashear Jackson, M.D. The Neaula Publishing Company, Philadelphia, Pa. The Sword of Nemesis. By R. Archer Tracy, M.D. The Neale Publishing Company, New York. The Immediate Jewel of His Soul. By Herman Dreer. The St. Louis Argus Publishing Company, St. Louis, Mo. The Shadow. By Mary White Ovington. Harcourt, Brace and Howe, New York. Darkwater. By W. E. Burghardt DuBois. Harcourt, Brace and Howe, New York. THAT the Negro has come into Literature to stay is evidenced by the increasing number of books issued each year in which the Negro, or his condition, forms the main discussion. It is impossible adequately to take up the great matters of the day—economics, social welfare, labor, the whole question of national readjustment of post-war times,—without including his shadowed but persistent figure. The books which we have listed here fall easily into two classes, one in which the Negro is seen among his own distinct activities, and the other in which he moves in contradistinction to the whites with whom he shares his home in America. It is interesting to note the incongruities which arise from taking two sets of facts, in themselves absolutely true to reality, and mingling them into an inharmonious jumble. This is the sort of thing done by Paul Reboux in his amazingly inconsistent book Romulus Coucou. M . Reboux is, I suspect, trying to make clear two pictures, the reaction of the early African immigrant to occidental civilization, and the intolerance of the white American with regard to his black compatriot. Briefly the story concerns the picturesque Coucou family of New Orleans which numbers among its members one Romulus Coucou, whose mother (Madame Coucou) is black, but whose father was white. Romulus is described as being a decided cut above his half relatives, including his step-father and his own mother. He is a druggist's clerk with every prospect of advance, and although his life in the home of his stepfather who runs a laundry, does not apparently irk him, he aspires undoubtedly to something higher. He chances to spy one day at the theatre a young French girl, Jacqueline Beliard, with whom he falls violently in love. Thence all his misfortunes. He contrives to meet her, wins her affection and holds it too despite his admission of black blood. She becomes his fiancee— she has not been long enough in America to realize what all this entails. Romulus makes an honorable request of the girl's brother for his sister's hand, is spurned, takes to cocaine and whiskey, loses his position, wanders off to Jamaica to assist a for lorn revolutionist, returns and finds Jacqueline the wife of a white American. Consumed by love and jealousy he persists in a course of debasement and debauchery, and finally, to assist in a performance of voodoo rites, kidnaps Jacqueline's baby so that there may be white human blood at the orgy. A t the last moment, overwhelmed with remorse, he returns the child unharmed to the garden of its stricken parents' home. Concealed he watches Jacqueline rush toward her child thus miraculously restored, sees her about to faint, and darting forth catches her in his arms. A t this moment he is discovered, his motives misinterpreted and he meets the popular American death for Negroes. The story is told with a delicately malicious style and with absolutely no attempt at exposition. It is pure narrative and description and one finishes it without the least idea where M . Reboux "gets off at". His inconsistencies are amazing. Thus Romulus shown on the cover picture, supposedly with M . Reboux' consent, as a creature with overhanging thick lips, bulbous chin, broad retreating nose, and a very tiny, but undeniable pigtail peeping from his hat-brim, is described by the author as being NEW LITERATURE 79 ""one of those men who through the influence of his white blood, possessed beautiful eyes, well-matched (harmonieux) features, a mouth and nose of the European type, a clear, creamy skin, and delicately modelled limbs. His hair alone proclaimed his race." It is the possession of equally frizzy hair on the part of Jacqueline which first calls his attention to her. One thinks that perhaps she too has a drop of dark blood, but this mystery is never explained. Romulus in writing to Jacqueline displays an intimate knowledge of Plutarch and Voltaire. His style is very elevated. When he pleads his suit before Jacqueline's brother he says, "I speak French, as you see . . . English too naturally, a little Italian and Spanish. M. Beauge has helped me with my literature." Does it seem that such a man could be induced to assist at the practice of voodooism, even supposing that such rites are carried on in New Orleans in these days? The times are evidently of today, for M . Reboux speaks once of "German propaganda". Yet in the very next breath, on the very next line he speaks of "old Negroes still unoriented to America's customs, nursing in the depths of their hearts an agony of homesickness for the jungles of the Congo"! A remarkable atavism there! With the same malice he says of Jacqueline's sister-in-law, "Her native pride filled her with an indulgent scorn with respect to Mother Europe and induced her to believe that the products of the United States are always the finest, the most beautiful, the most extraordinary in the entire world. In a word she was an American." Just at the end his delicate malice becomes terrific irony. "What's the trouble?" asks one. "They're burning a Negro," is the reply. "Oh, yes, it's New Year's Day," shrugs the first. The book, as far as I know, has not yet been translated, but it is written in language simple enough for the most casual student of French. InUnwritten History, Bishop Levi J. Coppin deals with his own life in an account which when one comes to think of it is more wonderful than any fairy tale that ever was written. For his is the story of a man who though actually free-born was none the less under the influence of slavery conditions, and yet-rose to a Bishopric. The book is written in a pleasant, discursive style which makes the too frequent bad spelling passed over by some careless proof reader, all the more lamentable. Incidentally Bishop Coppin touches on the history of that amazing institution, the A . M . E . Church. He says: "One of the things connected with the history of our people, not generally known or considered, and which seems mysterious even to those who consider it, is the fact that in 1866, one year after the surrender, the A . M . E . Church was fifty years old in its organic form, and seventy-nine years old counting from the date, 1787, when the revolt against segregation at St. George took place. Just how this handful of people, without" social, political and civil prestige; poor and unlearned, and hemmed in from every side by slavery, and the spirit and influence of slavery, could organize and maintain itself so long and so well, is, indeed, a mystery. One would not imagine, until his attention is called to the fact, that at the dawn of freedom, there was a regularly organized religious denomination; with Bishops, a Book Repository, a weekly newspaper, hymn book and discipline and a church school, and with seven annual conferences operating in different states, as follows: the New England States, New York, Pennsylvania, Maryland, Ohio, Indiana and Missouri." Unwritten History will have more than an ordinary interest, I suspect, for colored Philadelphians, since in it the Bishop pays tribute to Mrs. Fanny Jackson Coppin of I. C. Y. fame. Tracing as it does the author's career from the condition of a poor boy through that of storekeeper, teacher, minister, journalist and Bishop in the field of South Africa, this narrative is bound to prove an inspiration to the youth of any nation. Miss Delilah L. Beasley has adopted an interesting and unusual method in her remarkable volume The Negro Trail-Blazers of California. First she shows through indisputable evidence that a Negro was in the original party which left Spain in 1526 in "an exploring overland expedition from Florida to the Pacific coast". Then from this point she gives an account of Negro pioneers in all forward movements in California down to the Great War. Miss Beas TH E CRISIS ley's book is a compilation showing much painstaking research, since she supplies sources and statistics for almost every statement of importance. Of course its greatest value lies in its contribution to our far too little knowledge of Negro explorers. Cabeza de Vaca, a Spanish explorer and historian of the early 16th century, gives the names of those who after nine years of exploring were fortunate enough to reach the Pacific coast. He says: "An d now that I have given an account of the ship, it may be well to record also who those are and where from, whom it pleased God to rescue from all those dangers and hardships. The first is: Alonzo de Castillo Maldonado, a native of Salamanca. The second is Andrew Dorantes, born of Benjar, but a resident of Gilraleon. The third is Alvar Nuez Cabeza de Vaca, son of Frances de Vera and grandson of Pedro de Vera, who conquered the Canary Islands. The fourth is Estevanico, an Arab Negro from Azamore on the Atlantic Coast of Morocco." The book is profusely illustrated. In a discussion somewhat too sententious and insufficiently constructive Dr. A. B. Jackson does in his Man Next Door emphasize three very important factors in the Negro's development. It is impossible to overlook the vast influence which the Negro Church exerts over its members. Here is really the forcing-house of three-fourths of the race's leaders. "While the church is not a commercial institution—" he says, "as a matter of self preservation it is beginning to develop a veiled and crafty acumen, which if carefully noted reveals a generalship more erudite than it is usually credited with. Virtually it is saying today: 'We are specialists, we are teaching religion, we appreciate our grasp upon the people, yet if other worthy interests desire a clientele we shall gladly help you.'" Dr. Jackson defines well the Negro's love of learning when he writes, "His desire for education is no mere fanciful hysteria, but the expression of a determination to earn a place in a world that demands intelligence". The most significant passage in this book is one in which the need of race consciousness and first aids to its attainment are stressed. The author continues: "The hopes of evolving a distinctive racial culture which will in turn give birth to a fine sense of race consciousness, lies in the education of the young by educators who experience and express an exalted perception of racial patriotism. Every Negro teacher should know and with a supreme patriotic pleasure feel the urge to teach the true history of ancient Africa and the part black men have played in giving culture and civilization to our world. Every Negro school should have a supplementary graded course for carrying this message of hope to the minds of black boys and girls. Every Negro college should have a chair devoted to the history of black men." The Sword of Nemesis by R. Archer Tracy, and The Immediate Jewel of His Soul by Herman Dreer, do not by any means represent the highest type of novel. They are too long drawn out, the language is often stilted and the plot in each instance shows some improbabilities. The Sword of Nemesis is a tale of mystery, murder and love in the West Indies. The Immediate Jewel of His Soul treats of the adventures both in social reform and in love of a young Negro minister in a small southern town. But in spite of their shortcomings both these books are of some value, in as much as they mark—in the first-named book particularly,—the launching of an essay by' Negro writers into the realm of pure romantic fiction. This is a relief when one considers that nearly all writing on the part of colored Americans seeks to set forth propaganda. Dr. Tracy and Mr. Dreer have both contrived to establish a colored background against which an occasional white figure moves. The reverse of this is too often the case in stories about colored people. Most colored Americans and a good many white know of cases where people with a strain of Negro blood have gone over to the white world. But the really white girl who for some reason has been consigned to the black world and then comes back to the white, presents a new' aspect. In Miss Ovington's Shadow Hertha Ogilvie has been placed among colored people to hide her mother's disgrace. She grows up with these people, loves them genuinely and when the indisputable evidence comes that she is white, hates to leave them. But according THE TANGO ARTIST. FROM THE PAINTING BY GEORGE LUKS "The portrait has caused endless comment . . We have a lot to learn in our polyglot country." 81 TH E CRISIS to the code of her town she must. She comes to New York, to get away, as much as anything else, from her torturing love for Lee Merryvale, a young white man, who had been attracted to her while she was colored, but whose motives based on our queer color codes could not be honorable. Her life in New York and Brooklyn is interesting and varied. She learns something of the Labor Problem—discussed at somewhat too great length—and still more of America's persistent prejudice toward her Negro citizens. Hertha often longs for the sheer human kindness of her foster relatives, but for a long time she is glad that she belongs to the white world. Then comes the crash. Her foster brother Tom, colored of course, crosses her path. A t her behest he comes to see her, meets her by accident in a Brooklyn park, and of course speaks to her. Hertha's unworthy lover, Dick Brown, resents this; an assault which bids fair to become a lynching ensues. But Hertha saves the day by pretending that she is colored and that Tom is her brother. Dick Brown turns away in disgust. Hertha gets Tom to a hospital and afterwards to their first home in Georgia, glad to return to that humble but sincere haven. However. Lee Merryvale is still there. It seems he has never ceased to love her, or she him. And the two are left evidently about to embark on the great romance. Miss Ovington has written with much insight. Hertha is a fine, sensitive character, with a keen sense of gratitude. Kathleen the Irish woman, is splendid and so also is the dimly-portrayed Ellen, Hertha's foster sister, who in my mind is the most typical figure of latter day colored people in the book. The possibilities which open up to Hertha, and the change of attitude toward her on the part of her white neighbors, when she finds that she too is white, is very illuminating. But the really important effect of the story is to leave one keenly alive to the need of a new set of values. What are the things that really count,—pride of race, prestige, or loyalty and kindness? Hertha grows to dread the change which seems to be coming over her. Her contact with her own people had played havoc with her best principles. "The white world's phantoms were clouding her spirit, turning her affectionate gratitude into shrinking fear. They were standing between her and a past that she loved." She senses the silliness of the whole color question. What was it all about? Clearly only an aspect of mind. "How glad I am to be white," she thinks once. "An d yet how queer it is to be glad, for I've always been just the same." An d again "Looking into Tom's face, his good face with its serious forehead, its kindly mouth, she believed that even Dick, were he there, must cease his nasty screeching about niggers and see that boys were boys, black or white, and that here was a young American of whom to be proud". But finally "I'm tired of the white world", she cries desperately. Well, she comes into her own at last. Colored readers, I am inclined to think, will wince a bit at the thought that Hertha, when white, is willing to marry Lee Merryvale, who certainly would not have married her as long as he thought she was colored. But perhaps this is an extension of the double standard. An d then too in her readjustment of her own values, Hertha may have stumbled across the necessity for the eternal compromise between ideals and things as they are. In Darkwater Dr. DuBois has bestowed on the world a triple gift. He has made the most significant single contribution to the "Negro Problem" of the age; he has added to the storehouse of outstanding and noble literature; and he has served as a mouthpiece and inspiration for the oppressed peoples of both hemispheres. Indeed so much has been said about this book both in the newspapers and magazines and in these pages that the only excuse for further mention could be some attempt to explain the reaction to it of the people whom Dr. DuBois represents. The psychology of the hunted, the hurt, the broken, the oppressed, is a hard thing to get at. It is obscured sometimes by fear, sometimes by pride. Dr. DuBois with a fearlessness and a pride too real to fear pity or misinterpretation gives the world an account of what millions of people suffer, not because they are black, but because of the construction which a dominant white world has put on that color. An d as he writes dark people become free; they put away false shame, they are glad that they have instincts which permit them to feel, to pity, to sicken before ruthlessness and cruelty. They realize new rights and priv THE PANAMA CANAL ZONE ileges and the blessings of the power of choice. This terrible, grasping, raging white world of which Dr. DuBois too truly writes,—is it then the tremendous, glorious thing with the marvellous ideals of which they learn in the mixed schools and col leges of America, where all teachers and all precepts are white? In this darker world which they inhabit, there is ignorance and poverty and misery, but at least there are not hands dripping with another people's blood, hearts filled with hypocrisy, homes gorgeously outfitted but reared over the graves of helpless slaves. An d so though they dare not become complacent, these dark folk are suddenly content to be black. With the contentment comes fresh knowledge of fundamentals, a glimpse of possibilities. When a dark man comes to realize that much of the world's injustice toward him is based on an attitude, not on a verity, he begins to vision hope. In the chapter called "The Souls of White Folk",—which together with the "Damnation of Women" and the "Litany of Atlanta" are the favorites for colored readers,—in this chapter Dr. DuBois says: "The degrading of men by men is as old as mankind and the invention of no one race or people. Ever have men striven to conceive of their victims as different from the victors, endlessly different, in soul and blood, strength and cunning, race and lineage. It has been left, however, to Europe and to modern days to discover the eternal world-wide mark of meanness,— color!" So after all there is nothing really in the theory that color means inferiority, it is merely a convenient assumption. But assumptions, attitudes are variable, things which may be changed. And so the dark world falls a-thinking. Thinking what? Dr. DuBois answers with only too prophetic frankness. "It is thinking that as wild and awful as this shameful war was, it is nothing to compare with that fight for freedom which black and brown and yellow men must and will make unless their oppression and humiliation and insult at the hands of the White World cease. The Dark World is going to submit to its present treatment just as long as it must and not one moment longer." Finally colored people like to think that this book is indicative. After all Dr. DuBois is theirs. The genius which he evinces is, of course, not racial but individual, as all genius must be. But the training, the breadth of outlook, the ability to marshall facts and to interpret them, the exercise of judgment, the wide range of treatment as shown in the use of both poetry and prose, lastly the large patience—these are qualities which men are not born with; they are the prizes offered by life and so are among the attainable; and a colored man has attained them. "Here are the things for which we shall strive," cries colored America. AMERICAN DEMOCRACY IN THE PANAMA CANAL ZONE I—HARVEY T. PATTERSON II—THOMAS C. SAINT I TO go to France with the American -*- Arm y and see the inside workings of Anti-Negro propaganda was an interesting experience. To notice how odious to the Frenchmen were the white American's attempts to exclude us from any social contact with the lovable and liberty loving people of the country was quite gratifying. But all this undemocratic behavior of white Americans overseas was not studied—it was crude, as in the case of the old French woman who believed a Yank soldier who told her that Negroes have tails like monkeys, and it was not systematically carried on, although on the whole rather general. For wherever there were white and black soldiers, there too would be an attempt at segregation and exclusion from all social life. But to see how the dominating whites use method and even diplomacy on the Canal Zone in this awful anti-black schema is something to make one wonder just what is meant by American ideals and democracy. TH E CRISIS The general system of segregation and limitation of opportunities for the Negroes on the Canal Zona is best understood through an explanation of the "Gold and Silver Employees"—another way of saying-white and colored employees. On the Canal Zone an employee is either a "Gold Employee", making more than $75 per month, or a 'Silver Employee", making less than $75 per month. It is the rule that no one not an American citizen will be offered work as a "Gold Employee". The "Silver Employees" are naturally in the majority since the Canal was built and is being kept up mainly by West Indians. There are separate stores, separate post-office windows, jim-crow railway coaches and waiting-rooms for "Silver Employees". Why, it is worse than the South as far as these things go—there is no lynching yet, however. Al l this segregation is rather cleverly camouflaged by the phrase "For Silver Employees". So through the whole scheme of things on the Canal Zone this word "silver" means black. There is a Silver City for Silver Employees. One hears of silver ice cream sold at the Silver Y. M. C. A. Of course, instead of being black ice cream, the ice cream is only of an inferior grade and does not cost as much as the gold ice cream. Silver means black or inferior according to American practices. Housing conditions are wretched among the Silver employees. In Cristobal the congested conditions are indescribable—very often a family or six or eight is forced to occupy cne room. Imagine the terrible state of morals resulting from such an existence. The East Side of New York on the hottest summer night cannot be compared with the Negro quarters at Cristobal on the Canal Zone. The reason for all these wretched living conditions is low wages, and wages are low because a black man cannot make more than $75 per month. Canal Zone laborers make less very often on the Zone in a month than United States laborers make in a week. Now, the West Indian on the Canal Zone can do and is doing the same class of work that the American white is doing. On the Canal Zone I know black men who sit at desks beside white men and do the same work. What do they receive? The white man from $100 to $125 per month—the West Indian $75 or less. Very often a West Indian doing clerical work with a long and good record is discharged to make room for some white ne'er-do-well. When he complains to authorities he is often told: "Well, we'll give you a job as foreman over a gang in the shops. No matter what class of work you're doing you can't make any more than $75 per month." That's industrial democracy, is it not? It may be asked: "Why don't the West Indians organize themselves into labor unions?" They do organize, but there are two reasons for these labor unions not being able to accomplish much. A spirit of hatred has been kindled among the Islanders and the spark has been fanned and sheltered by this wretched system of suggestion borrowed from Great Britain. The white Britisher tells the Jamaican that because some Caucasian blood flows through his veins he is better than the Trinidadian. The Barbadian has been taught that because he is more nearly of pure Negro blood he is better than the mixed people of Jamaica. So from a natural impulse America, learning the lesson from her mother country, keeps the West Indians from getting together. Always a Barbadian is put over a gang in which Jamaicans are in the majority as foremen, and vise versa, so thus they go—ever fighting—ever hating each other. The Barbadian hates the Jamaican, the Trinidadian hates the Barbadian and the Jamaican hates them all. So by deliberately creating discord among the men, the government keens them from organizing unions for the betterment of conditions. There is still another reason for the unions having failed: The government refuses to let the few organizations which have been formed meet in the government buildings, and every building on the Canal Zone is a government building. Besides, representatives of the American Federation of Labor with perfect passports have been refused entrance to the Canal Zone— the people are actually oppressed. The. most shameful part of this suppression of the darker races is that the Canal is in a Republic formed of darker people. Very often have I heard a white American soldier or sailor call a dark-skinned Panamanian a "nigger". And very often have I seen this A LABOR MEETING OF "SILVER EMPLOYEES" IN THE PANAMA CANAL ZONE 86 THE same white pick himself up from some gutter. The Panamanian is unable to understand race prejudice. He recognizes only caste distinction because his is European, not American, civilization. An American Army Officer of high rank made the statement to a United States Senator in 1919 that the whole race of Panama are moral degenerates and in the whole City of Panama there was a very small number of decent women. He said their immorality was caused by the mixture of blood. ' But the arrogant American does not respect the customs of the country in regard to women. Whenever a white American insults a woman of the better class, one usually finds him dead in some alley sooner or later. Three years is the penalty for murder in Panama. But heavens, el gringo respects no dark-skinned woman and the Panamanians hate him for that and other reasons. The Republic of Panama is being controlled by the United States Government. Troops, according to the treaty, may take over the country at any time authorities see fit. Panama has been made to do away with the little army and there remains only a small force of National Police. In fact, what the United States does not control in Panama is not worth while. It is said that the revolt and withdrawal of Panama from Columbia was staged by American capital. So why should Panama love Americans when they have played her false? Imagine the young Republic under the protection of the great United States, and learning American ideals and American principles, so that Panama might build up a strong democratic government. Then look at conditions existing there—look at the domination under which the little Republic is actually, although gradually, being crushed. II The colored or alien employees of the Panama Canal and the Panama Railroad Company are comprised mostly of colored British West Indians. These people constitute the laboring class, and about two p.nd one-half per cent, are employed in clerical positions. The term by which they are known is "Silver Employees". To give you an idea of this class of labor, in the month of January, 1919, there was a total of 18,191 in the service, as against 3,000 "Gold Employees"—a difference of 15,191. CRISIS Youwill readily see that the "Silver Employees" constitute the bulk of labor. The question is, why are not the "Silver Employees" paid at least seventy-five per cent, or an adequate part of the compensa tions paid "Gold Employees"? The reply would be, because they are aliens and are not entitled to the same compensations and privileges as the American Citizens or "Gold Employees". Notwithstanding the fact that they are not American Citizens, and can not expect to receive the same compensa tions and privileges, it is nevertheless true that they have to pay the same prices fox- foodstuffs, clothing, etc., at the commissar ies, which are under the management of the Panama Canal Government. They very often receive inferior articles for the value of their money, and in addition to this, they have to pay a monthly rental for govern ment quarters in which the majority of them live, the maximum charge of which is $7.50 (U. S. C.) per month. For the records and information of the Association, I hand you herewith Circular No. 666-11 covering "Rates of Pay, Silver Roll", dated November 18, 1918. As you will note from this circular the maximum salary of the silver employee is only $75 (U. S. C.) per month. Just for comparison I will say that the minimum entrance salary of the gold employee is sometimes this rate and he gradually receives increases until he attains salaries of $175, $200 and even $300 (U. S. C.) per month. There are very few colored American citizens employed by the Panama Canal Government, and they receive nearly all the privileges enjoyed by the white American citizens, but they do not receive the same compensation. On the whole they are discriminated against and are treated just as the British colored West Indians. It would seem strange that for the past 14 years the silver employee has not been granted any sick leave or vacation with compensation. It is only recently that the government has realized the importance of this privilege, and has issued a circular granting sick leave; copy of which circular (Circular No. 602-18—Sick Leave for Alien Employees—dated December 19, 1918) is attached hereto for the information and records of the Association. This circular is totally inadequate when compared with that of the gold employee, who receives full compensation for any time lost. National Association for the Advancement of Colored-People. THE VALUE OF THE N. A. A. C. P. WILLIAM PICKENS A PEOPLE in the situation of the colored people of the United States have special need of a strong national organization. In the first place, they constitute a handicapped minority of the population, and as they do not control the press, they face a prejudiced public opinion. They do not control the finances of the country. As one-tenth of the population, they could not control these agencies even if they received impartial treatment from the majority race. In fact, if there were no race prejudice and no disposition to hinder colored people because of their color, the handicap of poverty and inexperience would still make organization imperative. As the case stands, there is no hope for the Negro without organization. When they speak, they must speak in numbers in order to be heard,—for they are a minority. If they are unorganized or disorganized, they are helpless and hopeless. Recently in Worcester, Massachusetts, something happened which made many of the colored people decide that it would be best to have a branch of the N. A. A. C. P. A colored school girl was arbitrarily denied the privileges of the swimming pool. A few thoroughly respectable colored men went down to complain. They were doctors, ministers and lawyers. But they had no strength but their own. The official to whom they complained knew that they as a group were unorganized, with no power behind them. He spoke to them in this wise: "You colored men are perfectly right,—but the colored people are not behind you. You people are not organized; you have no one to help you, and you cannot help me. You are respectable men, but you speak only for yourselves." These colored men saw the point. Booker Washington said in a public address, that it made no difference what job a white politician got, he was always looking for a better one. This Worcester official could not help a people who had no organized power to help themselves, or to help him. The colored people of Worcester decided to organize a branch of the N. A. A. C. P. There are many local organizations among colored people, but none of them can take the place of or supply the need of a national organization. When the fight begins on colored people in any locality, especially in those communities most given to prejudice, it is plain that the hands of the officers of merely local organizations of the disadvantaged race, are tied. As long as there is prejudice against any group, this will be so. For example, what could a merely local organization of colored people in Arkansas have done to expose the lies about that alleged Negro "insurrection", or to successfully fight Arkansas' efforts to imprison and execute colored men for acts of self-defense? It is evident that in a crisis like that, the situation must be handled by some organization that has its roots elsewhere than merely in Arkansas. Even the Arkansas branches of the Association were more or less paralyzed in those terrible weeks, but the Association as a whole could live on and fight on, because it had the roots of its life in the nation,—in California, in New York and in Georgia,—and not merely in Arkansas. Again, the Association has its greatest security for attaining results in that it is a co-operative effort of both white and colored people for common justice. And strangely enough, this characteristic, which is its greatest virtue, is the basis of adverse criticism from some people. No organization of either race alone will ever be able to settle an inter-racial difficulty, or to protect and carry out a program for both races. And every "race problem" concerns more than one race. The only way in which one race alone can settle the matter is by exterminating the other race,—and even then it will not find itself able to act alone, till the extermination is complete. THE CRISIS The N. A. A. C. P. has become the great est authority on the race question in America. It has gathered the facts, arranged them systematically and filed them. When it states a proposition or makes a charge, it is prepared to "back it up". Al l cases af fecting the Negro, and especially his rela tion to other races, are referred to the offi cers at headquarters. The Association could not handle all these cases if it had millions of dollars for endowment. Its Board is kept busy sorting out those cases which involve the "color line", and upon which the destiny of the colored American as a group must hinge. There are many cases of individual injustice which rack the heart, but which cannot be touched: for the resources of the organization must be spent where the common interest is at stake. Through the genius of its editor, the Association has built up the greatest organ of expression on racial and color prejudice to be found anywhere on earth,— THE CRISIS. About ten years ago the real enemy and the traitor were unanimous that TH E CRISIS represented nothing and nobody but a "few high brows" and "radicals"; but now the enemy of the Negro race gives it more in tense attention than anybody else gives it. The Association did more than any other power in the world to advance and defend the Negro soldier in the great war and will write the authoritative and reliable record of his achievements. It destroyed the greatest evil in Negro disfranchisement,—the "Grandfather Clause". It removed the most threatening barrier to the property rights of colored folk,—the segregation law. And it has exposed the greatest barbarity enacted against colored people in recent times,—the Arkansas massacre. The Association put Arkansas on the defensive by proving that there was no "Negro insurrection" attempted or thought of, and that the Negroes were proceeding according to law to remedy most grievous wrongs and violations of the Thirteenth Amendment. They were even using white lawyers and white people to formulate the rules of their procedure. What was it worth to the colored people of the United States that this lie should be nailed? We cannot state it in terms of mere money. The Negro might have been shot, oppressed and practically enslaved in large sections of the South if this lie had stood. These accomplishments alone merit all the devotion and support of the colored American, both the man of the masses and the leader. There ought to be half a million colored men and women who would unite with the Association without any urging,—and be members, even if they could not do more. They would lend their spiritual and financial strength to their own salvation. These people could pay for memberships of from one dollar to ten dollars each, and would create a power that would be respected throughout the whole world. When a black face appeared anywhere among civilized men, it would have a new meaning. A WOMAN'S WORK THE Hartford Branch of the N . A. A. C. P. under the able leadership of its president, Mr. William Service Bell, vigorously attacked the problem of the southern migrant when Hartford, like so many other northern cities at the United States' entrance into the war, received its influx of colored workers from the South. One Negro there was in Hartford, and some were found to echo his opinion, who declared that he wanted every newcomer deported; but the Hartford Branch, appreciating as every N. A. A. C. P. member must appreciate, the conditions from which the migrants escaped, welcomed those who had come North and endeavored to see that their hope to improve their condition was fulfilled. It was among the women in the tobacco factories or warehouses, that Hartford's most interesting work was done. White women in great numbers left the tobacco industry to get more money at munitions works, and their places were filled by colored women from the South, many of them uneducated and wholly unfamiliar with their new conditions. That these colored workers were being defrauded of their just wage was soon evident from the stories they told at an N. A. A. C. P. meeting to which they were invited; but to understand exactly their condition, Mrs. Mary Town-send Seymour, Vice-president of the Branch, herself donned working clothes, entered the factory and for a time worked at tobacco stripping and stemming. The stories that had been brought to her by the women, she found were all too true. N. A. A. C. P. There was no regularity regarding payment. Payment was made in such fashion that no one could tell how much she could make a week. One woman, a widow of a soldier with four children, made $3.90; another $1.62; another as low as 40 cents. They were worked irregularly and cheated in many little ways. The weighing was often unfair, the foreman taking advantage of the fact that most of his employees could not read the scales. But those who could read them were unable to get proper pay for their work, the foremen either making all manner of fun of the one who protested, successfully jollying her, or driving her to anger so that she left. Then, again, the tobacco would be weighed dry when the proper price was for tobacco weighed wet. It was evident to Mrs. Seymour as she worked by the side of these newcomers, wholly unversed in their tasks, that they needed the protection of organization. Having verified the stories related to her and having secured others of her own, Mrs. Seymour urged upon the women organization in a union. Then came a storm of opposition from outside. This was a radical step and there was much talking and preaching against it. But a union was formed with sixty paid-up members. It then asked and received admission to the International and now has three members, among them Mrs. Seymour, seated in the Central Labor Union body composed of delegates from every labor union in Hartford The fact that there are very few women in the Central Union makes the position of the colored women all the more impressive. They have an uphill task, hundreds outside fail to co-operate; but they are holding to their organization and hope eventually to bring the bulk of their fellow workers into the body. "Not a month goes by", Mrs. Seymour writes, "that I have not taken TH E CRISIS and read some article to the Central Labor Union, sometimes racial, sometimes on labor. In the strike that is on now in one of the largest steel plants in the city, the newspapers tried to make the matter purely a racial affair. I took it up at the Central Labor meeting and asked why the Negro helpers were not in the union. I heard the same old itory, that they had been asked and wouldn't join. I told them by all means they should use every effort to have them join and then read to the body Dr. Du Bois' (more power to him) article on 'Dives, Mob and Scab Limited'. It was listened to attentively and sunk in. After the meeting the Managing Editor of the Labor Standard asked me if I would lend him that copy of TH E CRISIS; he thought every laboring man, black or white, should read it and think. Shortly after this he wrote a wonderful editorial on the Negro and Labor for his paper in which among other things he said: 'We ought to give their case our whole-hearted support on its merits, for there is not another country which covers its oppressions of a subject-people with such rottenly hypocritical pretensions of democracy and fair play, as do we when we sit idly by while our colored sisters and brothers are disfranchised in defiance of law; lynched without even an opportunity to prove their innocence; segregated in Jim Crow cars; forced to live in the worst slums; sent to inferior schools; and in general compelled to live a life to suit the convenience of their white masters. " 'If the workers of this country would only come to a full realization of the fact that the oppression of the colored people is largely, if not wholly, based on economic causes, which are responsible for their own miserable lot, they might feel disposed to treat their colored co-workers with more consideration.' "It is wonderful to work among these colored women; they are so eager to learn, so anxious for guidance—that is, if they see that you are really their friend." We wish all power to the Hartford Branch. May it continue to do such able, lasting work. THE HILL EXTRADITION CASE IN the April CRISIS (p. 323) the Association reported that it was awaiting the decision of Governor Allen of Kansas in regard to the request of Governor Brough of Arkansas that Hill be extradited. Upon request of "counsel for the N. A. A. C. P. Governor Allen refused to grant the extradition. At the time Governor Allen made no formal statement of his reasons for denying Hill's extradition to Arkansas. THE CRISIS Later, after Governor Brough had expressed his disapproval of Governor Allen's action, taking advantage of the opportunity afforded by a lynching at Mulberry, Kansas, on April 19, to twit Governor Allen with this lynching, the latter gave the following reply: "I did not refuse the extradition of Hill through any fear that he might be lynched, but through fear of that equally unfortunate thing, that he might be tried by racial passion and bitterness. The immoderate messages I have received from Arkansas before the hearing and the tirades since the hearing, convince me that the temper of that community made it impossible for' anyone to guarantee a fair trial." CLEVELAND CONFERENCE PLEDGES SINC E the publication in the December, 1919, and April, 1920, CRISIS of payments on account of pledges' made at the Tenth Annual Conference of the Association in Cleveland, June, 1919, additional payments have been received as follows: BRANCHES Detroit, Mich $250.00 San Antonio, Tex 200.00 *Colorado Springs, Colo 100.00 Jacksonville, Fl a 100.00 Omaha, Neb 100.00 Rochester, N . Y 80.00 Flint, Mich 50.00 Grand Rapids, Mich 50.00 Indianapolis, Ind 50.00 Charleston, W. Va 50.00 —tittle Rock, Ark 23.20 Braadock, Pa 20.00 * Through an error, in the December, 1919, issue San Diego, Cal., was given credit for $100 paid by the Colorado Springs Branch. San Diego made no pledge at the Cleveland Conference and has made no payment. THE CALDWELL CASE ON April 19 last the United States Su preme Court affirmed the death sentence meted out to Sergeant Edgar C. Caldwell by the Alabama Courts by denying the contention of counsel for the N. A. A. C. P. and of the solicitor general of the United States, amicus curiae, that the State courts were without jurisdiction to try Caldwell, a soldier. TH E CRISIS for January, March and April, 1920, described Caldwell's thorough-going legal defense by the N . A . A . C. P. through all the courts up to the court of last resort. The only hope of saving Caldwell's life now lies in executive clemency. The Alabama branches and National Headquarters have appealed to Governor Kilby to commute the sentence to a term of imprisonment. The Association acknowledges with appreciation the receipt of $359.15 in response to the editorial in the March CRISIS asking for funds to fight Caldwell's case. The National Office expended $944 in Caldwell's behalf, the Anniston-Hobson City branch, $550, and other Alabama branches, $195. Men of the Month. BISHOP CHARLES SPENCER SMITH, a native of Canada, was born March 16, 1852. When seventeen years of age he migrated to Kentucky where he became a teacher under the auspices of the Freedmen's Bureau. At Jackson, Miss., in 1871 he was licensed to preach and founded eleven years later the Sunday School Union of the A. M. E. Church; he was a delegate to the second, third and fourth Ecumenic".! Methodist Conferences which met at Washington, D. C; London, England; and Toronto, Canada. In 1874 he was elected a mem ber of the House of Representatives of the Legislature of Alabama and in 1900 a Bishop of the A. M. E. Church. He served as delegate to the first Colored Men's Convention which assembled at Frankfort, Ky., in 1871; he was an alternate delegate from Illinois to the National Republican Convention, 1884; a commissioner from Illinois to the Negro Department of the Cotton States Exposition, New Orleans, La., 1885. He has traveled in West and Southwest Africa and the Congo, the West Indies, Cuba and Venezuela, and made fifty-five sea voyages in twenty-six years, beginning with 1894. Bishop Smith has the following degrees: CHARLES 8, GILPIN IN DRINKWATER'S "ABRAHAM LINCOLN," IN CHARACTER AND OUT. THE LATE G. T. CARTER, JR. BISHOP C. S. SMITH THE LATE DR. CABANESS 91 92 TH E CRISIS M.D., Meharry Medical College, Nashville, Tenn., 1880; D.D., Victoria University, Toronto, Canada, 1911; LL.D., Wilberforce University, Wilberforce, Ohio, 1913. He is the author of an illustrated bound volume, "Glimpses of Africa, West and Southwest Coast", and has published numerous pamphlets. His only son, Charles S. Smith, Jr., an alumnus of Oberlin College, was a First Lieutenant in the 325th Field Signal Battalion, Ninety-second Division, A. E. F. In November, 1919, Bishop Smith celebrated fifty years of public service. He still remains an outspoken defender of the rights of the Negro. IN the early nineties, Charles S. Gilpin started in theatrical work as a variety entertainer in Richmond, Va.; subsequently deavored to make the most of every opportunity". GEORGE THOMAS CARTER, JR., of Boston, Mass., served overseas with the 325th Field Signal Battalion as an expert radio operator. When the United States entered the war he enlisted, leaving his studies at the Boston Latin School, He went into training at Camp Sherman, Chillicothe, Ohio, and rose from a private to a sergeant, first-class. In France he was given detached service with the 184th Brigade, having charge of the telephone and wireless centres and serving in the Vosges, Argonne and Marbache sectors. After Sergeant Carter's discharge from the army he pursued his studies in electricity, but in January of this year he died, at the age of twenty-one. The late Mrs. J. H. Long The lata Mr. Fitzgerald and Mrs. Fitzgerald The late Jefferson H. Long he joined the Canadian Jubilee Singers, the Williams and Walker Company, Gus Hill's Original Smart-Set Company and the Pekin Stock Company. He entered vaudeville and later carried a company of his own to the colored Lafayette Theatre in New York City, and started the production of Broadway shows. He is now acting in John Drinkwater's play "Abraham Lincoln", with white fellow actors, and his part is one of the best characterizations in this remarkable play. Mr. Gilpin tells us that he has "followed no particular line or character, but has en- FOR the past thirty years the late Dr. George Williamson Cabaness was a practicing physician in Washington, D. C. He was educated at Virginia Union University and the Howard University Medical School, and pursued post graduate work at Bellevue Hospital, New York City, and in Paris and London. During the war he served as a Y. M. C. A. worker at Ft. Des Moines and Camp Meade for twenty-five months and was a most valued influence for good. He was a life member of the International Congress on Tuberculosis, a member of the board of directors of the As MEN OF THE MONTH sociation for the Prevention of Tuberculosis of the District of Columbia, a member of the executive board and ex-president of the National Medical Association, treasurer and ex-president of the Medico-Chirurgical Society, a director of the 12th Street Branch of the Y. M. C. A. and of the Alley Improvement Association. He was a Mason and an Odd Fellow and a deacon of Berean Baptist Church. Dr. Cabaness was born in Halifax County, Virginia, in 1857. He leaves an estate of $50,000 with his wife as executrix. THE late Robert George Fitzgerald was born in 1840 at New Castle County, Del. He was among the early graduates of Lincoln University. In 1864, at the age of twenty-three, he joined the 5th Massachusetts Volunteer Regiment. During his three years in the service of the Union Army he was wounded in the head; the bullet remained over his right eye and caused him eventually to become totally blind. He also served in the United States Navy. In 1869 Mr. Fitzgerald married Miss Cornelia Smith and they became the parents of six children. Mr. Fitzgerald opened a school for colored children at Hillsboro, N . C , and persuaded his parents to buy a farm of 168 acres, known as University Station. He entered the brick business, from which he retired in 1906 and spent the remainder of his life in his home at Durham. The Fitzgerald family is one of the best known in the South. JEFFERSON H. LONG was the only col ored Congressman from the state of Georgia. He took his seat February 24, 1871, and served during the 41st Congress. He and his family were residents of Macon, Ga., where his widow survived him until June, 1917. One of their daughters married Henry A. Rucker of Atlanta, who for many years was United States Revenue Collector of that district. SENIORS, BROOKLYN, N. Y., GIRLS' HIGH SCHOOL Principal and teachers "suggested" that, these girls absent themselves from the Class Promenade. They appealed to the Superintendent of Schools who ordered invitations extended to them. They attended with their escorts and everybody had a happy time. THE Looking Glass LITERATURE WITTER BYNNER in The Freeman: 0 for an end of fences, O for an opening of the earth Free from the rich, Free from the poor, For flowers And for men! But that can only come When you shall know, And be glad to know, That I am as good as you, That you are as good as I, And that in proving otherwise By fence-posts, By soldiers, There is no heroism And no proof. We have received the A. M. E. Review edited by the Rev. Reverdy C. Ransom; Teaching English to the Foreign Born; The Child and the Kindergarten; Motion Pictures and Motion Picture Equipment, by F. W. Reynolds and Carl Anderson; Utilization of Net Income,	 by Harrison S. Smalley. * * * Miss Jane Olcott sends us The Work of Colored Women, a compilation of the records of colored Y. W. C. A. workers during the war. The book is issued by the Colored Work Committee War Work Council of the National Board of the Y. W. C. A., and contains much inspiring and valuable information. In the foreword the chairman of the Colored Work Committee says: "If we hold to our ideal that the Association must be a force for the development and training of leadership among young-colored women, we must be ready to provide adequately, through scholarship and adapted training courses, a sufficient number of leaders to answer the most essential needs of an enlarging work. We must be loyal to the idea of our 'working together' policy and be willing to experiment in the working out of a fair and right 'working together' method that shall satisfy reason and justifyboth races."  all Association members of ECHOES OF THE N.A.A.C.P. THE Nashville, Tenn., Banner says of the recent publication on lynching, an "Appeal to the Conscience of the Civilized World", issued by the N. A. A. C. P.: Such publications as this association makes and scatters over the world must necessarily do the South great harm. The impression they make of conditions in this section is of course much beyond the truth but the lynchings do take place, and that fact admitted, it is impossible to make the world at large know that the South is not lawless and cruel. That indictment is going to stand against us until we stop the lynchings and uphold the law. For our own welfare and good name we must put an end to these practices. . . . It is an incontrovertible postulate that you can't create respect for the law by its overthrow, and what the southern white people above all things need to do is to have the law thoroughly respected by all classes. The South must get rid of this lynching practice. It is a terrible stigma that is bringing us to disgrace. It has no valid excuse and it is impossible for us to explain in any manner that will redound to our credit. A correspondent in Louisiana recently in noting some of the irritating work in small matters this New York society for the advancement of colored people has done, said: "There would be no Negro lynchings in the South if Negroes would, not assault white women or kill white officers who seek to arrest them for misdemeanors." That may be in large degree true, but assured legal punishment will do more to suppress such crimes than lynching does, without creating race antagonism or producing the evil advertisement and demoralizing effect of the lynchings. * * * The Minneapolis, Minn., Tribune says in this connection: We still have a Negro problem. We have made some progress in solving it, but we have yet a long way to go before it is satisfactorily disposed of. The solution of this problem rests chiefly upon the South. Of the 84 lynchings in 1919, 78 were colored and six whites, including two Mexicans, and of the 78 all were murdered in southern states except the Negro victim of the Omaha riots. The barbarity exhibited in this manner, the lynchings often being attended by indescribable tortures, can find no justification in a land supposed to be governed by law. Many of the offenses charged are very trifling and in some cases there was no offense at all, but whether prompted by a minor offense or by a horrible crime, these lawless acts of themselves constitute a serious menace against the law and substitute for constituted authority a savagery of the most brutal character. 94 THE LOOKING GLASS The Winnipeg, Manitoba, Telegram scores: A photograph is given purporting to be the scene at the burning of William Brown, a Negro, at Omaha, Nebraska, on September 28 last. It is revolting. Some forty to fifty persons are shown in the photo, all except one gloating on the struggling form to be seen almost prostrate amid the burning planks and flames. The exception is a young man in civilian attire but wearing a trench coat. The only woman in the scene is less than three feet from the writhing Negro. She is laughing into the camera. One man with an iron bar is arousing the flames. A man in overalls is raising a plank so as to bring the fire nearer in under the Negro's back. Al l the figures to be seen are well dressed. Their faces are clearly discernible; no effort is made to blur their recognition. The picture is loathsome. . . . The people who stand gloating around the writhing figure of a burning Negro, bound to a pyre, are not fit for entry into a League of Nations. They are not worthy to associate with that northern element of their nation which is known to Canadians, but which fails to do its manifest duty so long-as it lends connivance to such inhumanities by decreeing that God, man and the law shall so be defied. LO! THE POOR DEMOCRAT! A CORRESPONDENT in Jacksonville, Fla., writes of the increase in colored registration: This revival of the Negro's interest in becoming registered and paying his poll-tax began last May when the Grand Lodge Knights of Pythias passed a resolution prohibiting any member from entering the lodge room of any lodge in the state of Florida after January 1, 1920, until he had registered and paid his poll taxes. The Knights of Pythias has a membership of fifteen thousand men of voting age. It is a question in my mind whether this resolution could have been enforced had any member objected in the courts but no one objected, hence the other fraternities followed suit and as a result we have a heavy registration of Negro voters which has already had a telling effect on the attitude of white men toward the Negro. I am hoping for the best in the national election but I am very anxious for a better condition at home. * * * ' The correspondent sends us a clipping from a local newspaper instancing the "telling effect": The Democrats of Duval County should register and pay their poll taxes without delay. For years there has been a great deal of talk of Negro domination but it was insincere. For many years the Negro has been no factor whatever in Florida politics and those who used him as a scare for political purposes did it only as an appeal to passion and prejudice. But do you remember the old fable about the man who kept on crying "wolf" when there was no wolf in sight? He kept it up until everybody ceased to pay any attention to him and then the wolf came and everybody was unprepared. There has been so much talk about the Negro that everybody has quit paying any attention to it but now we have the word of our county officials that the Negro has reappeared in politics. Bj the latest report we received, three times as many Negroes as white men had qualified for participation in the next election and while we have no idea that any such proportion prevails now, we are sure that the Republicans have organized the Negro vote and will try with it to secure control of Jacksonville and Duval County. There are nearly as many Negroes as white men in this city and county and as they are all natives of the United States they can qualify to vote while quite a number of the white men of voting age are foreign born and not naturalized. We have no fear that the Negroes will capture the government of the state but there is grave danger that they will get control in a number of counties in which they are in the majority and in this county the population of the two races is about equal. They will all vote the Republican ticket because they are not permitted to participate in the selection of Democratic candidates. We think a Negro Democrat should be permitted in a Democratic primary and if he were permitted the race would divide, but he is not permitted to take part and so the Negro vote will be solidly Republican, not because it was solidly Republican thirty years ago but because the Democrats keep Negroes out of the Democratic primaries and thereby tell them that their votes are not wanted. But there is a danger and it can be met only by an interest on the part of the white Democratic voters that will prompt them all to qualify as soon as possible. Don't delay for it is probable that so many will wait until the last minute that hundreds will be unable to qualify. CONTRASTS IN San Augustine, Texas, a Negro was charged with killing a white man. The Atlanta Constitution says: The Negro was captured yesterday at 4.30 p. m. He was quickly indicted by a special grand jury and a trial jury immediately sworn in. A night session was held in the county courthouse and the Negro sentenced to death. A t 11 o'clock today, 2,000 persons viewed the hanging of Price in the public square. * * * According to the Raleigh, N . C , News and Observer, a Miss Outlaw, a fifteen-year96 THE old white girl of Goldsboro, testified that three white men, Farmer, Matthis and Hopewell, carried her into the woods and criminally assaulted her. The statement continues: After deliberating upon the case for only a few minutes, the jury filed into the court room and rendered a verdict of not guilty. . . . Judge Bond informed the jury that he was sorely disappointed with their verdict: "If I had sat on the jury," declared Judge Bond, "I could never have found such a verdict as you rendered, and if you found it impossible to render a verdict of guilty in this case, then you should stop prosecuting Negroes for shooting craps and stop lynching Negroes for committing rape." * * * Miss Jane Addams of Hull House calls attention in the Chicago Tribune to instances of legal discrimination. Speaking on Americanization she says: The Department of Justice, which arrested approximately 4,000 men in the early days of January, 1920, in what the New Republic described as an attempt to deport a political party, had at the same time failed to arrest men guilty of the "overt act." . . . Our own state's attorney, who had made numerous arrests on January 1, had never caused to be arrested or indicted a single person connected with the throwing of twenty bombs in Chicago during the last eight months, bombs which had been planted in order to destroy the homes of colored people or of white men who had rented houses to colored people. ENGLISH RULE IN AFRICA THE African Telegraph gives an account of a lawsuit in Nigeria in which one Captain Fitzpatrick brought action against John Eldred Taylor, a West African jour nalist, to clear himself of the latter's charge of having ordered the flogging of two black women. Captain Fitzpatrick was acquitted but the verdict carried a rider which in itself was worth the time and expense of the suit. The Telegraph describes both plaintiff and defendant: Captain Fitzpatrick, who invoked the aid of the law to clear his good name, denied on oath all knowledge of the sentence in question, and that the jury believed him was proved by their verdict. He is a tall, good- looking, broad-shouldered man, with fair hair and military moustache. In the box he gave an emphatic denial to the story that he was responsible for the flogging, "i f they were flogged," of the two women. He doubt ed if flogging- took place, and had never seen women flopped in Nigeria. . . . The defendant, Mr. John Eldred Taylor, who described himself in a letter to the plain CRISIS tiff, which was read in court, as a descendant of kings, and one who considered himself of the Nigerian royal blood, also occupied the witness-box. He is a well-dressed young man, of good appearance, and as he faced the judge and jury, looked typical of Africa. With folded arms, he never moved while an swering the questioners. While the letter was being read, accusing Captain Fitzpatrick of various charges, Mr. Justice Bray in tervened to ask him, in a kindly way, why he did not send a copy to the Governor- General. He was the person to investigate the charges—it was the code of the country, and why did he not send a copy of the letter to the Secretary of State for the Colonies? With deep feeling, in a voice that could be heard all over the court, Mr. Taylor said that they had been trying to get the Colonial Office to act for years. * * * The Westminster Gazette says: In awarding damages to Captain Fitzpatrick, against whom an order for the flog ging in Nigeria of two black women had been alleged, the jury appended to its ver dict a rider that "if flogging of women is still practiced steps should be taken to put a stop to it." We do not question the jus tice of the verdict, which was supported by the evidence given, but we hope that the authorities concerned will give full atten tion to the expression of opinion from the jury. There is no doubt that women were flogged. The question the jury decided was one of responsibility. If these sentences of flogging continue, as it would appear they do, it should be the business of some authority to see that they are ended. It is no answer to say that they are a native custom. That is one of the customs that we expect to disappear when British rule is in force. The Star, another English paper, feels that the real victory is the defendant's: We congratulate Mr. Taylor, the West African journalist, that he has at least been able to make the brutal flogging of native women under British rule in Nigeria impossible. It will be necessary for the Colonial Office at last to do something to put an end to the state of things described by the witnesses who gave evidence at the Law Courts this week—if only to reassure the natives of Togoland and the Cameroons, whom we have just delivered from German brutality and oppression. It would, indeed, be awkward if the native races of Nigeria were to appeal to the Supreme Council of the League of Nations to declare whether the public flogging of women in' the market places for such offenses as trespass is part of the machinery which Christianity and civilization ought to tolerate in their country. No one can doubt that these cruelties have gone on in Nigeria under the British flag. Captain Fitzpatrick has satisfied a special jury that he YOUTH PASSES knew nothing about it, and he is to be congratulated on recovering damages. But the defendant's victory will have more permanent and public consequences. * * * South Africa has sent a deputation to London to ask the British Government to take up the case of the native population with the Union Government. The Workers' Dreadnought, London, says: The South African deputation has interviewed Colonel Amery, the Under Secretary of State for the Colonies, but he has replied that the Imperial Government cannot interfere in the internal affairs of the self-governing dominions. The deputation replied that the British Government had put the color bar into the South African Constitution, and that the British Government must take it out. But the British Government refuses to budge. . . . The Trade Unions have also a color bar, and refuse to admit the natives; they also successfully insist that employers shall discriminate against the natives, and refuse them any skilled work. . .\ . Some of the natives feel a deep resentment. "Here is the British Government," they say, "that is always interfering in other countries, and cannot interfere to do justice in its own Dominions." . . . Some of the natives are beginning to wonder whether, after all, there is a very great difference between the Boers and the British. They reflect that if the Boers were to get their independence the black man would find it easier to deal with them than with the mighty militarism of Britain. Even fifteen years ago, they say, the position of the natives was more hopeful than now. Any organized movement amongst them then, however small, would gain results. Now, their white conquerors have nothing to fear from them; the aeroplane and the machine gun have rendered the white man supreme. THE NEGRO PRESS SPEAKS O N TH E The Baltimore, Md., Twice- REPUBLICAN A-Week Herald says: NOMINEE Mr. John J. Parker in adOF N. C. dressing the convention in Greensboro, N . C , which nominated him, said:. "The Negro is no longer a political factor. He does not desire the ballot and the Republican party of North Carolina does not desire him to participate in the political life of the state." Who constituted Mr. Parker the spokesman of the Negro in North Carolina or the United States? When he states that the Negro does not desire the ballot he says what is absolutely untrue and exhibits the glaring ignorance in which southern white men grope concerning the Negro, and their mental incapacity to intelligently grasp any matters affecting his status other than a beast of burden, an animal of daily toil. Mr. Parker cannot conceive of Negroes having hopes, aspirations, ambitions, the same as white men. . . . There is no politician South or North who deserves more to be despised than the Lily White Republican who wears the livery of Republicanism but whose heart is cankered with the most infamous and damnable principles of race hate and race suppression of the Democratic party. . . . It is the religious duty, as never before, of the Negroes of North Carolina to endeavor to qualify under the suffrage laws of North Carolina and vote against Parker. The St. Luke Herald, Richmond, Va., speaking of a O N NEGRO proposed Negro migration EMIGRATION to Europe, declares: TO EUROPE The larger question involved is the irrepressible fact that all of our finer factors are vitally needed at home. There is too much social work to be done among our people here in this country for any ot us to give Europe more than a passing thought in this connection. The great mass must be watched over and be given the care and the instruction that will enable it the better to meet successfully the larger responsibilities of citizenship making their. insistent demands on the spirit of our intelligence in these days. And then it is downright cowardice to even think about self-social comfort when this bigger duty is staring us in the face. YOUTH PASSES LILLIAN B. WITTEN QOM E grimy little newsboys One of them had a brother ^ Got in the car with me, Who outrivalled everyone. And each one had a hockey-stick, And all the old men's faces, And each was filled with glee. Around me in the train, They jostled one another, Gazed on the wide green spaces Told tales of prowess done; Of their boyhood's joy again. THE HORIZON COMPILED BY MADELINE G. ALLISON . MUSIC AND ART WILEY University Chorus Choir, directed by Norten E. Dennis, presented at its third annual concert Gounod's oratorio "The Redemption". A t previous concerts Gaul's "Holy City" and Rossini's "Stabat Mater" were rendered. d Vincent's oratorio "The Prodigal Son" has been sung at Washington and Baltimore by a chorus of 85 Negroes under the direction of Roy W. Tibbs of Howard University. 0 The choir of Shiloh Baptist Church, Philadelphia, Pa., has presented Rossini's "Stabat Mater" under the direction of W. F. Hopter, organist and choirmaster. This church has a five manual organ which cost $10,000. The Rev. A. R. Robinson is pastor. C Among four one-act dramas presented by the Playcrafters of Los Angeles, Cal., was "Caught" by Eloise Bibb Thompson, a colored woman. d Helen Hagan, the colored prize student of the Department of Music at Yale University, has given a piano recital at Kimball Hall, Chicago. A critic for the Daily Tribune says: "Her playing is marked by no small degree of refinement and individual taste. She clearly thinks for herself and has the musical feel for phrase and expression. Her technique is abundant and 'in the main clean and exact." C Harry T. Burleigh was presented by the Robert Curtis Ogden Association, composed of colored employees of the Wanamaker Store in Philadelphia, Pa., at its annual concert. A band rendered music under the direction of Mr. J. L. Grinnel and there was a chorus of 80 voices. C The Sophoclean Dramatic Club at Hampton Institute has given a Greek drama, "Philoctetes", before an audience of 1500 white and colored people. The work of the chorus was under the leadership of Ulysses S. Elam. In the John Armstrong Chaloner concours at the National Academy of Design, New York City, a painting from the nude by Albert A. Smith, a Negro, won first prize. C Lorenzo Harris, sculptor, has completed a bronze plaque of the late Madam Walker, presented by her agents as a tribute to her memory. It will be unveiled at the New York colored Y. W. C. A., 179 West 137th Street, June 13. The public is invited. C The S. Coleridge-Taylor Oratorio Chorus of 125 singers and Biddle University Orchestra of 18 pieces have rendered a program at the City Auditorium, Charlotte, N. C. There was an audience of over 3000. C R. Nathaniel Dett has won the $100 Francis Boott prize at Harvard College for a chorus without accompaniment entitled 'Don't Be Weary, Traveller". C At Columbia University, New York City, students of synthetic play producing and acting have appeared in a lecture demonstration of "The King's Progress" by Mrs. Maxwell Armfield. Among participants was Mrs. Dora Cole Norman. INDUSTRY THE Colored Grocery Company, Inc., is doing business at Murfreesboro, Tenn. Mr. Preston Scales is president. C Mr. I. A. Thomas, a Negro at Richmond, Ind., has been an employee of the Pennsylvania Railroad Company for 40 years. He was recently promoted from checker at the freight house to the position of watchman. C Colored railway men have been granted salary increases amounting to $12,525 monthly and back pay amounting to over $125,000. C The colored printing firm of Murray Bros, in Washington, D. C , has purchased a 2-story building on You Street for its business and for the "Murray Casino". This transaction involved nearly $50,000 and was handled through the office of John W. Lewis, president of the Cc^red Industrial Savings Bank. C Two representative Negroes were among bidders at the Astor real estate auction THE HORIZON sale in New York City,—Harry H . Pace and W. C. Handy. ft Oil has been discovered on land owned at Conrow, Texas, by the Rev. William H . Pickens of Mobile, Ala., and David S. Pickens, hoseman in Engine Company No. 11, Philadelphia, Pa. They have been offered $150,000 for 10 acres, which they will sell, holding 30 acres. ft Mr. A. F. Herndon, a Negro in Atlanta, Ga., has purchased the remaining 150 feet on Auburn Avenue and Butler Street for $40,000, making him the owner of the block which is worth $100,000. ft Negroes at Norfolk, Va., have chartered the Consolidated Fuel and Ice Corporation, a $50,000 enterprise. A site has been arranged for on the Norfolk and Western Railway. Dr. S. I. Moore is president. ft The Colored Empire Savings and Loan Company, with an authorized capital of $100,000, is operating at Cleveland, Ohio, with Mr. H. E. Murrell, president, and H. S. Chauncey, cashier. It will pay interest at 5'A. A building has been purchased at a cost of $10,000 and on the opening day $3,000 was taken in on deposit. SOCIAL PROGRESS IN the diamond medal athletic meet in New York City, held at the 22nd Regiment Armory and witnessed by over 3,000 people, Pete White, a Negro, won the main event. ft Among the winners of a $100 first prize in the Limerick Contest being conducted by a New York City daily newspaper is a Negro, Harvey E . Hamilton. ft Perry W. Howard and W. L. Moon, colored attorneys at Jackson, Miss., have won their case for the release of Dock Halloway whom a planter put in chains for running away. The attorneys induced the United States authorities to place the planter under arrest on a charge of peonage. ft The Colored Orphan Asylum at River-dale, N . Y., has issued its 83rd annual report. During these years the institution has cared for 5,854 children. ft In Chicago, 111., residences of Negroes are still being bombed. The N. A. A. C. P. has wired the Governor and the Mayor to take action against race friction; the Race Relations Committee has held a meeting, at which 65 women's clubs representing a mem bership of 19,240 were represented, and appointed an Inter-racial Co-operative Com mittee; the Chicago Church Federation is forming a delegation to visit officials. C Mrs. Eliza D. Fletcher, a colored woman at Annapolis, Md., has been appointed parole officer of the Juvenile Court. C Messrs. E. C. Brown, Beresford Gale, Charles Bowie and Walter W. H. Casselle were Negro members of the Philadelphia Chamber of Commerce who attended a luncheon at the Bellevue Stratford in honor of Prince Casimir Lubomirski, Ambassador from Poland to the United States. ft Ashby Jackson, a colored fireman at Wheeling, W. Va., has been promoted to the position of Desk Sergeant at Headquarters. ft Clarence E. Henry, a Negro aeronautic mechanic employed by the Standard Ai r Craft Company at Elizabeth, N . J., has constructed a miniature airplane, De Haviland Four Fighting Model, which was awarded first prize in an exhibition. The machine consists of 1,017 parts and weighs 1 pound, 7 ounces. Its construction covered a period of 4 months. C Mrs. A. P. Camphor, widow of the late Bishop Camphor, has gone to Liberia for an indefinite period to introduce new educational and religious ideals among the Americo-Africans and natives. She is working under the auspices of the M. E. Church. Her position is that of Educational Secretary and she will handle $60,000 a year. Mrs. Camphor was entertained on Friday, April 30, the eve ;./ her departure, at dinner at Rose's Hotel, New York, by Mrs. Helen Curtis, widow of the late James Curtis, former United States Minister to Liberia. On this occasion several speeches were made by women all of whom had either been to Africa or had some special knowledge of African affairs. ft In a photoplay contest conducted by the Springfield, Ohio, Morning Sun, in which over 200 white people participated, the first prize was won by a. Negro, Dwight Scott. The "Curse of Gold" is the title of his story. ft According to A. K. Leonard, president of the Western Mutual Fire Insurance Company of Texas, Negroes of San Antonio have four patrolmen, three detectives, five deputy sheriffs, two deputy constables, a bailiff to the Grand Jury, a juvenile officer, several special policemen and two election judges. They use all the city parks and vote in all city and county elections. 100 THE NATIONAL FEDERATION OF WOMEN'S CLUBS MRS. CHARLOTTE HAWKINS BROWN , President of the Federation of Colored Women's Clubs in North Carolina, has addressed the North Carolina Federation of White Women's Clubs. Resolutions condemning lynching and mob violence in the state and asking for legislative help in caring for colored delinquents were accepted by the body. GMary B. Talbert, president of the National Association of Colored Women, has been chosen one of ten delegates to the International Council of Women, which will convene September 8-16 at Christiania, Norway. G Club women of Los Angeles, Cal., are conducting The Old Folks Home, The Sojourner Truth Home and the Day Nursery. Doctors Vada and J. A. Somerville are leading workers in the day nursery. C A t Oakland, Cal., club women have established a home for aged colored women and a day nursery and orphanage. FRATERNITIES THE August 30, 1919, issue of the London Freeman contains a picture and obituary of J. B. Luke, a Negro, Past Master of a lodge in Sierra Leone. C There are 31 lodges of colored Masons in New York, with 1,556 members. They have correspondence with 34 Negro Grand Lodges in the United States and with Haiti, Liberia and Canada. The Grand Master is David W. Parker; Grand Secretary, Arthur A. Schomburg. C The Fraternal Building Association, with a capital of $50,000, has been orga nized at South Bend, Ind. They will erect a three-story building for lodge purposes. Mr. Charles Bell is president. (I The Grand United Order of Odd Fellows is the one colored organization that boasts an unbroken history without division for 75 years. It looks as though the split has now come. The Morris faction and the Noel-Davis faction have gone before a Pennsylvania court and the court decided •ifter a jury trial that the Noel-Davis officials were the rightful grand officers of the Grand United Order of Odd Fellows. Appeal has been taken to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania. CRISIS NATIONAL URBAN LEAGUE THE Detroit Urban League was in strumental last month in placing one woman worker on the City Recreation Committee, another with the Girls' Protective League and a third with the Public Welfare Commission, all lucrative positions and giving opportunity for improving living-conditions among Detroit's Negro population. John C. Dancy is the executive secretary. C Lemuel Foster, Executive Secretary of the Atlanta Urban League, has been requested by the police court to handle the cases of juvenile and adult delinquency. This will be done in part through the League's "Big Brother" department which is already in operation with sixteen "Big Brothers", each of whom has at least one "Little Brother". OMatthew W. Bullock, Executive Secretary of the Boston Urban League, recently delivered two lectures on Race Relations at Wellesley. The college furnished ten students to assist the League in its hous ing survey of Boston. G The New York Urban League in its pro gram of making new openings for colored workers sent out a questionnaire to one hundred and eleven firms employing more than five hundred persons. Some gratify ing results are coming from this as well as from the personal interview method used by the League: Ten women shoe vampers at $35 per week have been asked for by one firm; a call for 1,000 colored men for the street cleaning department was the re sult of the League's request for work for colored men in the department. The call was turned over to the State Employment Office. G William N . Ashby, Executive Secretary of the New Jersey Urban League, secured the appointment of Miss Ida Long as nurse in the Department of Child Hygiene of Newark. This is the third such appointment secured through the League. THE CHURCH ST. James colored Presbyterian Church in New York City has purchased a larger edifice in Harlem, with seating capacity of 1,500. During last year $10,000 was raised; the enrollment of the church is 1,081. The Rev. F. M . Hyder is pastor. G Mrs. M. E. Jackson of Wilmington, Del., THE HORIZON is the first colored woman delegate to the General Convention of the Methodist Episcopal Church. C Trinity Baptist Church in Baltimore, Md., has purchased the edifice of St. Paul's Lutheran Church for $40,000. The Rev. James R. L. Diggs is pastor. C Rev. W. L. Cash, pastor of First Congregational Church, Savannah, Ga., has been transferred to the pastorate of First Congregational Church at Chattanooga, Tenn. Rev. Cash became pastor of the former church 15 years ago, and was trained at Fisk and Oberlin. G Rev. Francis J. Grimke, pastor of Fifteenth Street Presbyterian Church, Washington, D. C, has been elected one of three ministerial commissioners to the General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church. John E. Smith, an elder in this church, was elected one of three lay commissioners. This presbytery is composed of thirty-three churches, only two of which are colored. C On April 6 at Mother Bethel Church, Philadelphia, Dr. R. R. Wright, Jr., burned the mortgage of the Book Concern of the A. M. E. Church which has been in debt since 1894. Bishop Evans Tyree presided. G Abyssinian Baptist Church in New York City has purchased property 100 x 150 feet in Harlem, where an edifice and community house are to be erected, to cost $200,000. The pastor of this church is the Rev. A . Clayton Powell. C St. Andrews Episcopal Church, Cleveland, Ohio, has become self-sustaining. In its recent "every member" canvass $4,500 was pledged for current expenses and benevolences. A pipe organ has been purchased at a cost of $3,000 and a memorial to the late rector, Rev. Wellington Paxton, has been installed at a cost of $1,500. The Rev. W. B. Suthern is the present incumbent. POLITICS REPUBLICANS of the Twelfth Congressional District in St. Louis, Mo., have elected the Rev. Samuel Moseley, a Negro, as a delegate to the National Convention. C In Atlanta, Ga., Republicans have split into Wood and Lowden factions and elected rival delegations, each of which will seek to gain admission to the National Convention. Henry Lincoln Johnson, B. J. Davis, and J. H . Watson are Negro members of the Lowden faction; Dr. O. P. Washington and H . A . Rucker are Negro members of the Wood forces. G At New Orleans, La., six white and six colored men have been elected delegates to the National Republican Convention. Walter Cohn, colored, is chairman. WAR THE commander of the colored 167th Field Artillery Brigade, Brigadier-General Sherburne, has been decorated by the French government. G Major M . T. Dean, who was in charge of the 317th Ammunition Train, A. E. F., has been appointed by the War Department as Military Instructor of cadet organizations of colored schools in Washington, D. C. THE GHETTO IN their protest against discrimination in education, representative Negroes in Baltimore, Md., have appeared before the Senate Committee and presented the fact that illiteracy among whites is 3 per cent., while among Negroes i f is 23 per cent. C Seventy-five colored ministers attending a meeting of the Inter-Church World Movement in New Orleans, La., were refused permission to sit with white ministers. The Rev. W. W. Alexander in answer to a protest from the Rev. W. Scott Chinn said: "For the present the traditional custom of the South will prevail. You must remain in your own section." More than half of the colored delegates withdrew from the meeting. G Belle Fourche, South Dakota, is a place where Negroes and Chinese are not permitted to live. C Jerome Kidder from Nashville, Tenn., makes the statement that at least half the Negro teachers in public schools of the South, have themselves an education of lens than six elementary grades. The majority of these teachers are paid an average of $22.48 a month. C At Columbia, S. C , Bryan Butler, white, was shot down by Albert Wilson, colored, to whom he remarked, "Niggers should let white people get on the car first." G The faculty of women teachers at Chatham, Va., Episcopal Institute, a white institution, graduates of northern colleges, has resigned because of the refusal of the Rev. 102 TH E CRISIS C. O. Pruden to allow a eulogy of Harriet Beecher Stowe. CRIME SIX Negroes convicted of murder in con nection with the insurrection at Elaine have been denied new trials by the Arkansas Supreme Court; the remaining six have been granted new trials on the ground that the jury had erred in not specifying the degree of murder of which it found them guilty. ft Stanford Clay, a Negro held for assault at Texarkana, Texas, established a perfect alibi and physicians' testimony reveals the fact that the six-year-old white girl in the case has not been assaulted. Clay was dismissed. ft At Waycross, Ga., a white Southerner passing through the Jim-Crow section of a northbound railway train threw a lighted cigarette into the lap of a colored woman; when her husband spoke in protest he was shot to death and left at a station. No attempt was made to arrest the white murderer. ft The following lynchings have taken place since our last record: Laurens, S. C, April 8, James Steward; injuring three men in a fight. Pittsburgh, Kansas, April 20, unidentified Negro; alleged assault. EDUCATION FRANCIS BOWLES won the prize cup and Edward P. Simms received honorable mention in a class song competition at Rindge Technical School, Cambridge, Mass. They are both colored. Over 100 songs were submitted. ft The eighth annual summer school for teachers will be conducted at Fort Valley High and Industrial School, Fort Valley, Ga., June 1 to July 2. Fourteen instructors will be employed. ft The will of the late Dr. George W. Cabaness, a Negro of Washington, D. C, leaves $2,000 to Howard University for a scholarship in its medical department and $1,000 to Virginia Union University. ft Bishop Guerry has purchased 250 acres in Sumter County, S. C, for St. Mark's Industrial School. The American Church Institute for Negroes has promised to raise $75,000 for the school, and Dr. James Dillard of the Jeanes Fund will pay the salary for an expert farmer. ft The appropriation for the colored State College at Orangeburg, S. C , when added to the annual revenue from the Federal Government, exceeds $150,000. A building program, covering a period of five years, includes the erection of an auditorium, academic building, agricultural hall, hospital and a memorial building for colored soldiers. The annual summer school for teachers will begin June 28. Mr. R. S. Wilkinson is president cf the institution. C E. II. Sothern and Julia Marlowe, dramatists, rendered prograr.-.s at Howard University and the Dunbar High School during their stay in Washington, D. C. Dr. Nicholas Murray Butler, president of Columbia University, and William Pickens, Associate Secretary of the N. A. A. C. P., have delivered addresses at Howard University. C Through efforts of the Georgia Association for the Advancement of Education Among Negroes, the State has taken over the Albany Bible and Manual Training Institute; the appropriation to 2 state schools has been increased; and an appropriation of $2,500 has been made for summer school work. Expenses of the organization, in-eluding traveling expenses of a Field Secretary, are met by contributions from individuals and fraternal and religious organizations. The annual .meeting will be held in Macon, June 24-25. Mr. H. A. Hunt is president. PERSONAL HOMER JOHNSON of Chanute, Kan., a volunteer in the 803rd Infantry and a clarinet player in the Headquarters Band of the A. E. F., was a graduate of Chanute High School, taking first prize in delivery in a class of forty-one, tying for first prize in thought, and winning $35 in prizes on commencement day. He died of pneumonia while serving in France. C Mrs. Marion E. Tolbert, for more than 30 years a colored public school teacher, is dead at Savannah, Ga. ft Mrs. Annie Kelly has celebrated her 103rd birthday. She lives in Paris, Ky.; and has living, 1 son, 1 daughter, 4 grandchildren, 12 greatgrandchildren andgreat - great - grand - Mrs. Annie Kelly child. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER "JUST THE PLACE FOR YOUR GIRL" Daytona Normal and Industrial Institute for Negro Girls, Daytona, Fla. Beautiful location, ideal borne life, fine, modern equipment. Courses include Kindergarten, Primary, Grammar, High, Normal, Vocational. Nurse Training at McLeod Hospital a specialty. Terms reasonable. Send for Catalog. MARY McLEOD BETHUNE, --Principal Bell Phone Spruce 1924 30-Day System Postion Derrick Shorthand School Childs' Building 1435 Chestnut Street PHILADELPHIA, PA. Only School of its Kind in America ENROLL WOW for SUMMER COURSE including: shorthand, touch typewriting, bookkeeping and advanced method of office . training. M . G. DERRICK . Principal and Manager. The Lincoln Hospital and Home TRAINING SCHOOL FOR NURSES in the city of New York offers to young colored women a three years' course of instruction in nursing. Capacity of hospital—420 beds. Post Graduate Course of six months to graduates of accredited schools. For information apply to: Superintendent of Nurses Lincoln Hospital and Home New York, N.Y. HALE INFIRMARY AND NURSE TRAINING SCHOOL 325 Lake Street, Montgomery, Ala. Offers to High School graduates and young women of higher education and good moral character, between the ages of 18 and 35, a three years' course in the profession of nursing. For further information apply to the Superintendent enclosing a stamp. TH E STENOGRAPHERS' INSTITUTE 1227 S. 17th St.. Philadelphia, Pa. PHONOGRAPHY TYPEWRITING BOOKKEEPING Special three-month Classes In Ecnn Pitman Phonography and Practical Bookkeeping organizing June 1st, for Grammar School students. High School students. Public School teachers and others. Matriculate for typewriting at any time—individual attention—a practical and efficient system, EDWARD T. DUNCAN, Pres. STATE UNIVERSITY, Louisville, Ky. Founded 1879. The only Institution In the State baring for Its object Collegiate, Ministerial. Medical, and Ijcgal training for Colored citizens in Kentucky. Special training in Insurance, Social Service, Nursing and Hospital Work. Normal. Commercial. Music, Domestic Science, Missionary training class. Evening classes, correspondence course. Degrees offered. President C . H . Parrish WANTED Bright young lady as Private Secretary anil Stenographer. For further information write the Royal Fraternal Association, P. O. Box 371, Charlotte, X . C. The Colored Teachers' Bureau Will Help You Get a Better Paying Position. REGISTER NOW REASONABLE TERMS Address: Colored Teachers' Bureau Box 22, Wilberforce, 0. MOTHERS FIT YOUR DAUGHTERS FOR LIFE Now is the Time to "STUDY" the School to which you are going to send your daughters next Fall. THIS INSTITUTION IS DEEPLY CHRISTIAN It Permits No Shabby Work ant Tolerates No Loose' Habits SIXTH GRADE THROUGH TEE NORMAL Together With &gt; VOCATIONAL TRAINING MUSIC ATHLETICS Our AI M is to turn out well-rounded women, trained in intellect and Disciplined in self-reliance THE TRAINING SCHOOL GIRL GOES BACK TO HER COMMUNITY PREPARED TO HELP LIFT THE STANDARDS OF LIVING. REQUIREMENTS: Sound in Health and Moral Character Not UNDER FIFTEEN Years of Age ABOVE the FIFTH GRADE Good record in institution formerly attended, SEND FOR CATALOG NATIONAL TRAINING SCHOOL FOR WOMEN AND GIRLS Miss Nannie H . Burroughs, President Lincoln Heights Washington, D. 0. 104 	THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 1 Newton Cyril A. Crichlow CRICHLOW &amp; BRAITHWAlTE Braithwaite EXPERT SHORTHAND REPORTERS Verbatim Reports of CONVENTIONS, CONFERENCES, INVESTIGATIONS, HEARINGS, LE C TUBES. SERMONS, etc. Engagements accepted anywhere in the United States Teachers of Stenography and Typewriting at North Harlem Community House, 200 'West 139th Street, New York, if. Y. Correspondence Courses to all parts of the world. _ , . I 1128 Morningside „ „ , „ „ New 2297 Seventh Avenue Telephones , (5837 Audubon	 York, N. Y. THE CURSE OF RACE PREJUDICE By James F. Morton, Jr., A. M. One book which yon cannot afford to be without. YOUNG WOMAN All the arguments on the subject and an arsenal of overwhelming facts. It is thorough without being tedious. Every colored family and every white HERE IS YOUR CHANCE friend of justice needs it and will enjoy it. Price 25c. Send order at once to GOOD	 POSITIONS-GOOD SALARIES JAMES F. MORTON, JR., 211 West 138th Street New York, N. Y. Answer the Call for Social Workers and Enter the World's Greatest Field for Service For a Selected List of Books bearing on Efficient, Earnest, Constructive Leaders are the Negro Problem write The CRISIS. in DEMAND We Train for Christian Leadership—The 100 FINE CALLING CARDS 60 CTS. Only Kind of Leadership That Will Stand Neatly printed with your name and address-the Test in the Most fashionable styles and sizes for ladies or gentlemen. Your card represents you, there fore only the best quality should be used. Department open to those who have had. at Business and Professional Cards least, one year of training in a good High furnished in several styles appropriate for School. 	any business or profession at the following prices: 100 for So cents, 250 for $1.50, 500 for $2.35. NEW DAY. Get	 Ready For Service Below are a few styles of our lettering: The World Needs YOU SEND FOR CATALOG NATIONAL TRAINING SCHOOL Mrs. George K. Franklin Mrs. John W. Andrews FOR WOMEN AND GIRLS Mrs. Clifford RoyLandford Miss Christina Mae VanDyke Miss Nannie H . Burroughs, President MR. FREDERICK A. HARRINGTON Lincoln Heights. Washington, D. C. AGENTS WANTED Good pay can be earned taking orders for our cards. Pleasant, dignified and profitable spare time work. There is a big demand everywhere for Calling and Business Cards and you will have no trouble in getting orEDGAR P. BENJAMIN ders. No experience necessary as we furnish ATTORNEY AND COUNSELLOR -AT -LAW instructions with outfit. Al l orders filled promptly and sent prepaid. Write now for Tel. 5437 Fort Hill Cable Address, Epben 34 School Street Boston, Mass. samples and asents' terms. Telephone Connection The HOUSE OF CH0WNING, Indianapolis, Ind. TWO GREAT BOOKS for $2.50 NO LIBRARY COMPLETE WITHOUT THEM (1)	 The History of the Negro Race and Negro Soldiers in the Spanish-American War, Dating Back to Egypt and the Pharoas—4i'0 pages, 50 illustrations. (Retails alone for $1.25.) Was adopted as a textbook by North Carolina State Board of Education. (2)	 The Pictorial History of the Negro in the Great World War, giving a brilliant historical sketch, a description of battle scenes by Colonel Haywood, of the Fighting Fifteenth New York, Capt. Marshall. Sergeant Step toe, Ralph Tyler and others, with 150 excellent pictures of officers and men and war views. i Sells alone for $2.00.) Just Think, only $2.50 for these two great books. Agents wanted everywhere, large commissions paid ADDRESS* E. A. JOHNSON, 17 West 132nd Street, New York, N.Y- THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Neither the mailed fist nor resolutions will cure the present state of unrest. Hut the everyday practice of the business Golden Rule—"To live ami let live"—by all individuals, associations and corporations engaged in business, will do much toward restoring confidence and contentment to the public. The Southern Aid Society of Va.. Inc., did not raise its rates of premiums during the war period—nor since. It did not reduce the benefits to its members by any form of evasion. It did not withdraw its Unmatched Policy of Full Coverage and Life Time Protection to its members— and as a result of this liberal treatment to its members, the Southern Aid Society lias now the good will of all its members and enjoys a larger patronage in its field of operation than ever before. Thousands of contented members are constantly expressing themselves like the following:— An Eminent Physician and Surgeon Writes 267 W. Main St., Charlottesville, Va., May 6th, 1920. TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN:— It is my pleasure to state that I have been engaged in the practice of medicine in this city for about sixteen years. Having had ample opportunity to observe the great Southern Aid Society in action, noting their prompt payments and excellent business procedure, I take pride in recommending them as Above Them All . (Signed) Geo. R. Ferguson, M.D . Paid Claim After 3 Days Membership Anderson Ave., Danville, Va., May 10th, 1920. TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN:— This is to certify that my husband, Sam Watkins, was a member of the Southern Aid Society, receiving his policy on Monday, died on Wednesday, and I received his Death Claim on the following Monday. He had paid the Society only 00 cents dues, and I received $28.75. I wish to say that the Southern Aid Society is the best company I know for the prompt payment of both sick and death claims. Wishing you continued success, I am. Very truly yours, (Signed) (Mrs.) Lizzie Watkins. Weekly Benefits Each Week for 4 Years Prominent Physician Certifies to Fact 1607 Taylor St., Lynchburg, Va., April 3, 1920. TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN:— I, Laura Jackson, of 1607 Taylor St., Lynchburg, Ya., carry a policy. No. 62573, Premium 35 cents a week, with the Southern Aid Society of Va., was taken sick March 1, 1916, and have received my weekly benefits every week up to and including April 3, 1920. I recommend the Southern Ai d Society to be prompt in their payments, and can say truthfully that they carry a perpetual paying policy. I have received during my illness the amount of $710.93. (Signed) Laura Jackson, (Witness) Irene Jackson. This is to certify that the above statement is correct and that I have filed certificates each week during Mrs. Laura Jackson's illness. (Signed) J. A. Brown, M.D. No insurable person in Virginia should be without the Superior Policy issued by the— Southern Aid Society of Va., Inc. Home Office: 527 N. Second Street Richmond, Va. District Offices and Agencies thruout the State. Policy provides protection against Sickness, Accidents and Death—All for One Premium. , A. D. PRICE—Pres. • V.. I..JORDAN'—Sec. W. A.JORDAN—Ass't Sec. 106 	THE CRISIS ADVERTISER LUL A ROBINSON-JONES Soprano Available for Concerts Telephone 6393 Morningside 174 W. 136th Street New York, N. Y. Cleota J. Collins Lyric Soprano ''Judging from the appearance of a large number of music lovers, her sweet lyric voice held them spellbound. She was applauded again and again after each number."— Boston Chronicle. Address: 156 HAMILTON AVENUE, COLUMBUS, OHIO WILLIAM H. RICHARDSON, - Baritone 'One of ilie agreeable features of his singing was his distinct enunciation." Philip Hale in The Boston Herald ADDRESS: 170 WA1NUT AVENUE ROXBURY. MASS. Clarence Cameron White Violinist Recitals, Concerts, Instruction Studio: 616 Columbus Avenue Boston, Mass. E. ALDAMA JACKSON Graduate of Institute of Musical Art Organist-Director of Music of St. Marks M . E. Church; Concert Accompanist; Piano. Voice, Theory, Instruction, Conducting, Coaching. Harmony taught from beginning to completion. Private or correspondence. &lt; leothius system. Studio: 185 W. 135th St., New York, N. Y. Telephone Morning?ide ] 70S. Important Notice The increased cost of ndver'islng and I he trebled cost of raw ma u rial compel us to raise the price of our busts or close our studio. Busts of Booker T. Washington. Fred Douglass. Paul Laurence Dunbar. Bishop Richard Allen. $2.00 each Four busts, $7.00 Agents irrite for neic ternis at oner. THE ISAAC HATHAWAY ART COMPANY 718 S. Hickory St., Pine Bluff, Ark. SONGS That the Whole Country Is Whistling! "I'VE COME BAi'K TO YOU." wonderful ballad. "CA N YOU FORGET," being featured by leading stage artists. '•SHELL SHOCK SHAKE, " on U. S. piano records. •'1\ A GARDEX. " sentimental ballad, "YOU	 Silt- KNOW IloW TO STRUT YOUR STUFF," jazz melody. •'" eeiits per copy, or will mail the five numbers to YOU for only $1. Address Hell Fighters 369th Band, 170 W. 135Ui St.. New York, N. Y, The Greater Invincible Concert Co. Additional Members High Class Entertainers EDMONIA MACKEY, Coloratura Soprano CAULYNE MOSELY, Soprano and Reader T. W. LANGSTON, Violinist and Baritone Soloist Churches Schools Lodges Y. M. C. A.'S For dates andterms write: 1910 E. 24th Street, Kansas City, Mo. They Played For The Crowned Heads ofEurope— They Are Now Playing For You ! HELL FIGHTERS 360TH BAND, IXC. HELL FIGHTERS 369TH ORCHESTRA Composed of the same musicians that made this band the sensation of Europe during the "WORLD WAR." ENGAGEMENTS SOLICITED Lieut. F. Eugene Mikell, Conductor Jos. W. Grev. Mgr. W. Woodruff Chisum, Secretary 17r, West lSfith Street, New York. N. Y. WANTED WANTED Live Agents At Once To Sell DUDLEY'S FAMOUS AUTO POLISH for furniture, pianos, church pews, hardwood floors and hundreds of other things that have a varnished surface. Makes them look like new. Agents can make $50.00 to $75.00 per week selling Dudley's Polish to furniture dealers, drug stores, hardware stores, churches, housekeepers, automobile stores, paint stores and grocery stores. Special Offer: For 90 days we will ship to all new agents $10.00 worth of Dudley's Polish for $5.00. Take advantage of this special offer at once. Dudley &amp; Porter Manufacturing Co. 116 South Main St., Muskogee, Okla. NOTICE WANTED I Burlap sacks Books and magazines Old cotton or woolen rags s&lt;-rap iron and old rop* dirty or clean Beeswax, beef and horse hides Rubber boots and shoes Sheep relts Old automobile tires Ginseng and Golden Seal Copper and brass Please do not sh'p stolen goods or railroad good's WRITE TODAY FOR PRICE LIST t. H. HADDOCK Box 268. Barnesville. Ohio A MONEY GETTER because it is A CROWD GETTER. Churches and Clubs looking for a play that will afford an evening of Side-Splitting Fun, should have The Slabtown Convention An entertainment In one act: lull of wit and good humor. Scores of churches have cleared from One to Two Hundred Dollars in One Night. PRICE , 50c. MISS NANNIE H. BURROUGHS. Author Lincoln Heights, Washington. D.-. r Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER HERE IS YOUR OPPORTUNITY TO SECURE A WOODVILLE COUNTRY ESTATE CONSISTING OF 10 OR 20 ACRES OR MORE FOR ONLY PER ACRE $32 50 VERY EASY TERMS Special advertising discounts to those who act quickly Free Lot With Each 10-Acre Tract! We have only a limited number of Woodville estates for sale, making quick action necessary. People from all over the country will want these estates, which means that they will all be sold within a short time. Get yours before it's too late. Send for booklet containing full details. IT'S FREE. Address THE SWAN-ARENSON REALTY &amp; DEVELOPMENT CO. 19 SOUTH LA SALLE STREET CHICAGO, ILL. THE SWAN-ARENSON REALTY &amp; DEVELOPMENT CO., CHICAGO, ILL. Date 192 GENTLEMEN:—Pleas e send me full particulars about your Woodville offer without any obligation to me. Name Address. Town State.. . C-6-20 Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER HOTEL DALE Hotel Dale, Philadelphia, Pa. (already built) The Hotel Dale Company, Inc., of Philadelphia, have issued 10,000 shares of its Capital Stock for sale, for remodelling and equipping the newly purchased hotel on Broad St., Philadelphia, for our Race. Excellent dividends are expected from this much needed hostelry based on the facts that an average of a thousand colored people pass through Philadelphia every day, and it is estimated that $2,000 and more is spent in white restaurants by us daily. The Hotel Dale is in the very heart of the city, and within walking distance of all the shops, theatres and railway stations. The shares are now selling at $10.00 each, cash or deferred payments. A few shares of this stock purchased NO W may not only mean financial gain to yourself, but will insure self-respect and contentment to your children's children. The leading business and professional men of Philadelphia are the promoters of this great Race movement. $1.00 will start you off! SUBSCRIBE TODAY For full information write: BERESFORD GALE, Fiscal Agent HOTEL DALE COMPANY, Inc. 1201 Spruce Street, (Room 506) PHILADELPHIA, PA. Reliable agents wanted. Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Can We Help You Make Money? READ WHAT WE SAY The Greatest Opportunity offered the Negroes of America To Increase their Earning Power To Enter into a Dignified Calling Ti Help Their Fellow Man THE NATIONAL BENEFIT LIFE INSURANCE CO. Assets over $500,000.00 WASHINGTON, D. C. Issuing Ordinary and Industrial Insurance at their best has A Position Open for You If you are an energetic young man or woman in search of a field of unlimited opportunities—here is a profession that will yield you a large income. Write Today for Your Position We need 20 Managers, 15 Assistants, 150 Special Men. 325 Inspectors, 600 General Agents, 25 Stenographers. Don't long for Opportunity. Grasp it. The National Benefit Life Insurance Co "Protection for the Negro." Dept. A, 609 F St., N. W. Washington, D. C. statement of the Ownership, Management, &lt; Circulation, etc, required by tho Act of Congress of August 24, 1912, or the CRISIS, published monthly at 70 Firth Ave., Now York, N. Y., for April 1, 1820. stato of New York, ) County of New York, J Before me. a Notary Public In and for tho state and county aforesaid, personally appeared Augustus Gran ville Dill, who, havliiK been duly sworn according to law, duiJitscs and ways ibat ho Is the iiu»ine*» Manager of tho CRISI S and thai the follow.ng In. to the bent of his knowledge and belief, a true statement of the ownership, management, etc.. of tho aforesaid publica tion for tho date shown in the above caption, required by tho Act of August 24, ID 11!, embodied In section 44:), Postal Laws and Regulations: Publisher. Tho National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, 70 Fifth Ave, New York, N. V. Editor. \V. EL Burghardt DuBols, 70 Fifth Ave., New York, N. Y. Managing Editor, W. E. Burghardt DuBuls, 70 Fifth Ave., New York, N . Y . Business Manager, Augustus Granville Dill, 70 Fifth Ave., New York, N . Y. Owners, Tho National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, a corporation with no stock; membership, 80,000. Moorfleld Storey. President. John R Sbiliady, Secretary; Major Joel K. Spingaru, Treasurer; Mary White Ovington, Chairman of Board of Direc tors. Known bondholders, mortgagees and other security holders owning or holding 1 per cent, or more of total . amount of bonds, mortgages, or other securities: None. AUGUSTUS GRANVILLE DILL. Business Manager. Sworn to and subscribed before me this 1st day of April, 1920. Frederick W. Spahn. Notary Public, Bronx County. Certificate filed in X. Y. County. Bronx County Clerk's No. 34. Register —0—. New York County Clerk's No. 3fi3, Register 1434. My commission expires March 30, 1921. Beautify The Skin—Glorify The Hair ing and Soothing Amron Skin Soap Is Nature's Best Ai d In Promoting, Bright, Clear Skin and in bringing renewed Vigor and Youthfulness to the Hair. AMRON SKIN SOAP is composed 99 per cent of Vegetable Oils, principally of OILS of the COCOANUT. It provides an Instant thi:k, rich, creamy lather In either hard or warm water. It is adora b 1y Cleansing, Exquisitely Fragrant and of Guaranteed Purity. It Is intensely Heal- Amron Skin SOAP Humania Hair to the Tenderest Skin. AMRON SKIN SOAP is the most satisfactory of all SHA.MPOO Soaps, and because of its instant LATHERING and CLEANSIN G qualities one cake of AMRON SKIN SOAP will last qui to as Ion ft m two cakes of ither kinds, For your SKIN'S sake- huy a cakf of AMRON SKIN SOAP — todnf. Twcnty-flve cen's tho cake. 1 dozen cakes for $2.2."i. Send for our Profusely I I I u r • tratcd Catalog con tainlng a full ami complete line of every Useful Toillette Requisite. HUMANIA HAIR &amp; SPECIALTY MFG. CO. and Speciality M F G. CO 23 DUANE STREET NEW YORK, New York. USA .  N. Y Mention The Crisis. ' N EW YORK, U ,S,A. ^ THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Plant of The E. A. WELTERS' TOOTH POWDER CO., Inc. To Be Erected In Baltimore, Md. The Largest and Only Tooth Powder Manufacturing Corporation Owned end Controlled by Negroes in the United States THE E. A. WELTERS' TOOTH POWDER COMPANY, which incorporated five years ago with a capitalization of $5,000.00, with stock sold at $10.00 per share, is now a Corporation capitalized at $100,000.00 with "no shares for sale at any price," yet—it is understood that a small number of shares have been donated by some of the larger stock holders for certain Dentists and Druggists, whose names have already been listed, and will be called on personally in the near future by the President of the Company. The Dentists and Druggists who will be solicited, were selected by the Directors of the Company because of their progressiveness and the great advertising value that their connection will mean in the distribution of this exceptional Dentifrice to the Race throughout the United States. The E. A. WELTERS' TOOTH POWDER CO., Inc. 410 Broad St., Jacksonville, Fla. Badges, Banners, Lodge Regalia LUC DORSINVILLE &amp; CO. MANUFACTURERS' AGENTS For all Lodge and Church Societies IMPORTERS AND EXPORTERS PORT AU PRINCE, HAITI CENTRAL REGALIA CO. EXPORT: IMPORT: JOS. L. JONES, Pre.. COFFEE FLOUR N. R Cor. 8th and Plum Sit., Cincinnati, Ohio COCOA SOAP CASTOR BEANS HARDWARE LINGNUMVITAE "MAHOGAN Y DRY GOODS Telephonm, Baring 1794 LOG WOOD COTTON FABRICS COTTON FURNITURE ISADORE MARTIN COCOANUT PAINTS Colored American business men desiring to trans act business between Haiti and the United States of America, are cordially invited to communi Real Estate and Insurance cate with us. Notary Public Mortgages 6 North 42nd Street, Philadelphia, Pa. Extraordinary Special Offer DARKWATER the new book by Dr W. E . B. DuBois $2.00 THE ADVOCATE THE CRISIS ROBERT J. NELSON, Editor and Publisher 800 French Street Wilmington, Delaware one year's subscription 1,50 THE ONLY RACE PAPER IN DELAWARE 10 Pages We cover Delaware, the Eastern. Shore of Maryland and 3.50 Southeastern Pennsylvania Like a Blanket. . . A n Intensive Circulation. . 2U.500 People read TH E SPECIAL ADVOCATE EACH WEEK. If ordered together $3.00 If you have any proposition that appeals to the Race and Address ' ou want it to reach v'rgin territory, advertise in The Advocate. Send for a sampie copy and see the high grade class of THE CRISIS advertisers who use our advertising columns. 70 Fifth Avenue. New York, N. Y. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER FASHION BOOK MAILED UPON REQUEST Real Human Hair All our wigs are hand made and •tried; to order, from maker to wearer. WIGS, Transformations, switches, and Braids and all other articles of hair goods. No. 604-Pn« 510.50 We carry the largest selection of Hair Dressers' Tools. The celebrated Mme. Baum's Preparations which makei the) skin velvetlike, the hair liLklike-. Mme.Baum'sMail Order House P. O. BO X 145, Penn.	 Terminal Station, New York, N\ Y. When writing, mention this paper. Learn Our System - Use Our Goods AND See Yourself Not as You Are—But as You Would Like to Be Manufacturers and Importers of HAWAIIAN BEAUTY PREPARATIONS for Men and Women Hair Beautifter $1.00 Vanishing Cream.. $0.50 Dressing Oil 50 Face Powder 75 Shampoo 50 Rouge 50 Hair Tonic 1.00 Toilet Water 1.00 Face Cream 50 Tetter and Eczema Ointment 50 For Sale at all Drug Stores and first class Beauty Parlors. By m a i 1—postage extra.) Agents Wa7ited. HAWAIIAN PRODUCTS CO., Dept. B., 3147 Calumet Ave., Chicago, 111. HOTEL DALE CAPE MAY, N. J. Comfort and Elegance without Extravagance This Magnificent Hotel, Located in the Heart of the Most Beautiful Seashore Resort in the World, is replete with every modern improvement, superlative in construction, appointments, service and refined patronage. Orchestra daily, parage, bath houses, tennis, etc., on premises. Special attention given to ladies and children. Send for booklet. E. W. DALE, Owner SPECIAL The CRISIS one year - $1.50 The BROWNIES' BOOK one year - 1.50 One year's subscription to each if ordered together ---- $2.50 SPEND YOUR VACATION AT Beautiful Idlewild The most wonderfully Ideal spot where young and old cast aside for the time all the cares and worries of their strenuous, nerve-racking routine Uvea and romp and play once more as children and enjoy to the full nature In all her wondrous glory. The waters of the lake and surrounding trout streams are fairly teeming with game fish of the hcst varieties. Do you enjoy bathing, boating, fishing, hunting! Do you enjoy roaming through the woods picking wild flowers and wild berries? Do you want a place to go where you can build up your health, vitality, energy and business efficiencyT Do you enjoy mingling with the active, thinking, progressive people of the day—people who do things Do you believe In progress and do you want to have a part in one of the most progressive move-/ menta of the time! Surely I Then you will be Interested in. and want to own a lot of your own In Beautiful Idlewlld, Michigan. If you act at once you can se cure a beautiful lot fox only $35. #0 each; i $6.00 cash; $1.00 per week. When your r payments are completed tne lot will be transferred to you by an absolute warranty deed with abstract show ing clear title. Good live energetic ' agents wanted / Idle wild Resort Company 1110 Hartford Bldg So. Dearborn St. Chicago,HI. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Kelly Miller's Authentic History of Negro in World War A new and greatly improved history JUST OFF THE PRESS 200 Pictures Price only $2.75 750 Pages 16 Color Plates Size 6'/2 x inches, 750 Pages As we have fought for the rights of mankind and for the future peace and security of the world, the people want to he correctly and fully informed of the facts concerning OUR heroes—and this is THE BOOK they are looking for. The Only History That Will Fully Satisfy The American Colored People This Book appeals to the Colored People. They are eager to buy it. Why? Because it is the only War Book published that thrillingly, graphically, yet faithfully describes the wonderful part the Colored Soldier has taken in the World War and is absolutely fair to the Negro. It relates to the world how 300,000 Negroes crossed the North Atlantic, braving the terrors of the Submarine Peril, to battle for Democracy against the bloodthirsty hordes of a war mad Lord of the House of Hohenzollern. More than fifty pages of the Book devoted to the ACHIEVEMENTS OF THE NEGRO IN THE AMERICA N NAVY—Guarding the Trans-Atlantic Route to France—Battling the Submarine Peril—The Best Sailors in any Navy in the World—Making a Navy in Three Months from Negro Stevedores and Laborers—Wonderful Accomplishments of Our Negro Yeomen and Yeowomen. AGENTS WANTED—Millions of these books will be sold, BIG MONEY is being made by our sales people. Will you join us in the distribution of good helpful race hooks! Then send 25 cents for agents canvassing outfit. Write to AUSTIN JENKINS CO. No. 523 9th Street Washington, D. C. STATEST. STYLES - TO - MEASURE At Agent's Inside Wholesale Prices New Fall and Winter Sample Book Now Ready Bigger Sample* More Fabric* SENT FREE Additional Style* WitkIMidWLolefJePrice»toAgenU e Style* and Sample* to please every taste, to look well on every age and build. Greater cash profits to agents AMAZING Even if you don't want to be our Agent in your spare CASH PROFITS time, be sure to get our new FREE offer and learn how •rebelnamade In we save you one-half on your own clothes. ttedciubtfui • TAILORING AGENTS—Be tare to write and AGENCY get our new deal with Bigger Profits, TAILORING Better Attention and Prompt Shipments. BUSINESS Why Don't YOU KNICKERBOCKER TAILORING CO. Get Into the game? DePt290. Chicago. ILL I Want That New SampieBoox YOU BET phase sendit to me FREE and PREPAID. Hereismy address Name R.F.D.... Box Postofficc ... Street ft No State Fill in name and address plainly—and mail AT ONCE If you can't be our Agent In span time, pi—SB bona Mil* to tome ambitious follow Knickerbocker Tailoring Co., Dept. 290, Chicago, I1L NILE QUEEN FOR HAIR AND SKIN The preparations used by Cleopatra, The NIL E QUEEN , were of the same fine quality as those your druggist or beauty shop offers you today. Send for free descriptive Beauty Book. KASHMIR CHEMICAL CO. NEW KASHMIR BLDG. 3423 Indiana Ave. CHICAGO, ILL.