The Crisis THE CHRISTMAS CRISIS in The D STAR E c of Ethiopia E M 1915 B APAGEANT E R • PAGEANT NUMBER • TEN CENTS A COPY m m PUBLISHER'S CHAT Q |ft The January number will celebrate the New Year by carrying on its cover a reproduction of Roseland's noted picture " To the Highest Bidder." The February number will be the long awaited New Orleans Number — perhaps the most complete and interesting of our special numbers. An announcement of our dainty Christmas card is in the present number. Be sure and read it. No 1916 home will be complete without a CRISIS Calendar. Only twenty-five cents. Limited edition. Order early. A Selected List of Books These prices do not include postage. Postage extra. HAZEL. (Mary White Ovington) $1.00 THE AUTOBIOGRAPHY OF AN EX-COLORED MAN . (Anonymous) 1.20 NORRIS WRIGHT CUNEY. (Maud Cuney Hare) 1.50 A NARRATIVE OF THE NEGRO. (Leila Amos Pendleton) 1.50 SOULS OF BLACK FOLK. (W. E. B. Du Bois) 1.25 THE WHITE MAN'S BURDEN. (T. Shirby Hodge) 1.00 RACE ADJUSTMENT. (Kelly Miller) 2.00 HISTORY OF THE NEGRO. (B. G. Brawley) 1.25 HALF A MAN . (Mary White Ovington) 1.00 AFTERMATH OF SLAVERY. (William Sinclair) 1.50 JOHN BROWN. (W. E. B. DU Bois) 1.25 NEGRO IN AMERICAN HISTORY. (J. W. Cromwell) 1.25 PRINCE HALL AND HIS FOLLOWERS. (George W. Crawford) 1.00 LIBERIA. (Frederick Starr) 1.00 TH E NEGRO. (W. E. B. DU Bois) 50 THE EDUCATION OF THE NEGRO PRIOR TO 1861. (Carter G. Woodson ) 2.00 FACTS OF RECONSTRUCTION. (John R. Lynch) 1.50 STORY OF THE NEGRO. 2 Volumes. (Booker T. Washington) 3.00 MASTERPIECES OF NEGRO ELOQUENCE. (Alice Moore Dunbar. Editor) 2.50 POEMS OF PAUL LAURENCE DUNBAR 2.00 AFRO-AMERICAN FOLKSONGS. (H. E. Krehbiel) 2.00 OUT OF THE HOUSE OF BONDAGE. ( Kellv Miller) 1.50 Address THE CRISIS, 70 Fifth Avenue, New York Mention THE CRISIS Edition 36,000 THE CRISIS A RECORD OF THE DARKER RACES PUBLISHED; MONTHLY BY THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE. AT 70 FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK CITY Conducted by W. E. BURGHARDT DU BOIS AUGUSTUS GRANVILLE DILL, Business Manager Contents Copyrighted, 1915, by the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People Contents for December, 1915 PICTURES COVER. Painting. By Richard L. Brown Page ST. ERASMUS AND ST. MAURITIUS 60 THE COLORED KNITTING MILL, OCALA, FLORIDA 63 MEN OF THE MONTH , 68, 69 THE LATE BOOKER T. WASHINGTON 82 FROM THE PAGEANT, "The Star of Ethiopia" 90 THE LOCAL PAGEANT COMMITTEE, WASHINGTON, D. C. 94 ARTICLES FETTERED LIBERTY. A Poem By Esther A. Yates 66 THE DOUBLE XMAS GIFT 83 THE "JIM-CROW " CAR. An N. A. A. C. P. Investigation. By T. Montgomery Gregory 87 "THE STAR OF ETHIOPIA." By W. E. B. DuBois 90 UNCLE JAKE'S CHRISTMAS. A Story By "Jonathan Cover" 95 DEPARTMENTS ALONG THE COLOR LINE 59 MEN OF THE MONTH 67 OPINIONS 71 EDITORIAL 79 NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE 85 TEN CENTS A COPY; ONE DOLLAR A YEAR FOREIGN SUBSCRIPTIONS TWENTY-FIVE CENTS EXTRA RENEWALS: When a subscription blank is attached to this page a renewal of your subscription is desired. The date of the expiration of your subscription will be found on the wrapper. CHANGE OF ADDRESS: The address of a subscriber can be changed as often as desired. In ordering a change of address, both the old and the new address must be given. Two weeks' notice is required. MANUSCRIPTS and drawings relating to colored people are desired. They must be accompanied by return postage. If found unavailable they will be returned. Entered as Second-class Matter in the Post Office at New York, N. Y. 56 THE CRISIS Atlanta University Is beautifully located in the City of Atlanta, Ga. The courses of study include High School. Normal School and College, with manual training and domestic science. Among the teachers are graduates of Yale, Harvard, Dartmouth and Wellesley. Forty-six years of successful work have been completed. Students come from all parts of the South. Graduates are almost universally successful For further information address President EDWARD T. WARE ATLANTA, OA. Knoxville College Beautiful Situation. Healthful Location. The Best Moral and Spiritual Environment. A Splendid Intellectual Atmosphere. Noted for Honest and Thorough Work. Offers full courses in the following departments: College, Normal, High School, Grammar School and industrial. Good water, steam heat, electric lights, good drainage. Expenses very reasonable. Opportunity for self-help. Fall Term Began September, 1915 For information address PRESIDENT R. W. MCGRANAHAN KNOXVILLE, TENN. THE AGRICULTURAL and TECHNICAL COLLEGE of North Carolina (Formerly the A. &amp; M. College) The 22d annual session began September 1, 1915. Board, lodging and tuition $8 .00 per month. Four year courses leading to trade certifi cates. Four year college courses leading to degrees of Bachelor of Science in Agriculture and Bachelor of Science in Mechanics. FOR CATALOG OR further information Address President Dudley, A. &amp; T. College GREENSBORO, N. C. Mention ADVERTISER MOREHOUSE COLLEGE (Formerly Atlanta Baptist College) ATLANTA, GA College, Academy, Divinity School An institution famous within recent years for its emphasis on all sides of manly development—the only institution in the far South devoted solely to the education of Negro young men. Graduates given high ranking by greatest northern universities. Debating, Y. M. C. A., athletics, all live features. For information address JOHN HOPE, President WILEY UNIVERSITY MARSHALL, TEXAS Recognized as a college of the First Class by Texas and Louisiana State Boards of Education. Harvard, Yale and Columbia represented on its faculty; students gath ered from ten different states. Strongest Music Department in the West M. W. DOGAN, President FISK UNIVERSITY NASHVILLE, TENN. Founded 1866 Thorough Literary, Scientific, Educational, Musical and Social Science Courses. Pioneer in Negro music. Special study in Negro life. Ideal and sanitary buildings and grounds. Well-equipped Science building. Christian home life. High standard of independent manhood and womanhood. For literature, etc., write FAYETTE AVERY McKENZIE, President BEREAN MANUAL TRAINING AND INDUSTRIAL SCHOOL SOUTH COLLEGE AVENUE, PHILADELPHIA, PA. FALL TERM AND Seventeenth Year Opened Tuesday, October 5th, 1915 DOMESTIC Art, Industrial Art, Commercial, MUSIC AND English. Excellent opportunity for SMALL GROUPS AND specialized classes. Age, sex OR PREVIOUS training NO BAR TO entrance if ap plicant HAS GOOD character. Helpfulness our object. Efficiency our aim. Evening session: Write now. MATTHEW ANDERSON, Principal 1926 South College Avenue Philadelphia, Pa THE CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER The National Religious Training School "I cordially commend the school's interest and needs to all who believe in the Negro race and in our obligation to help promote its intellectual, moral and religious uplift." REV. DR. CHARLES H. PARKHURST, New York City. IT IS MORE THAN A MERE SCHOOL IT IS A COMMUNITY OF SERVICE AND UPLIFT Its influence is destined to be felt in all sections of the country in improved Negro community life wherever our trained workers locate. Settlement workers, missionaries for home and foreign mission fields, Y. M. C. A. and Y. W. C. A. secretaries and district nurses receive a comprehensive grasp of their studies under a Wellesley graduate and experienced co-workers and actual every-day practice through the school's SOCIAL SERVICE DEPARTMENT. W e aim also to create a better qualified ministry. Industrial training, advanced literary branches, business school. Thirty-two acres; ten modern buildings; healthful location. We can accommodate a few more earnest, ambitious students. Communities requiring social workers should write us. For catalog and detailed information address: PRESIDENT JAMES E. SHEPARD National Religious Training School Durham, N. C. The school has no endowment fund and must raise a yearly maintenance fund of $15,000 for running expenses. Won't you help us this year? The Cheyney Training School for Teachers CHEYNEY, PENNSYLVANIA Under the management of the Society of Friends. Beautifully located, healthful, well appointed, and within easy reach of a great variety of educational institutions, public and private, extending from West Chester to Philadelphia; representing a wide range of educational problems and practice. This school offers to young colored men and women who have a reasonable secondary school preparation, and who earnestly desire to become teachers, carefully graded courses in academic work, domestic science, domestic art, manual crafts and agriculture. For teachers of experience and intending teachers it offers also a six weeks' summer-school course during the months of July and August. Tuition is free. Board, lodging, heat, light and laundry privileges are offered for nine months for $100. The charge for the same during the summer-school course is $15. Write for particulars to LESLIE PINCKNEY HILL, Principal Mention THE CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER ST. MARY'S SCHOOL An Episcopal boarding school for girls, under the direction of the Sisters of St. Mary. Address: THE SISTER-IN-CHARGE 609 N. 43d St. W . Philadelphia, Pa. E. ALDAMA JACKSON Graduate Institute of Musical Art, Organist and Director of Music St. Mark's M. E. Church Teacher of Theory and Piano Theory course embraces elementary and advanced Harmony or Counterpoint. Private or Class Work Studio : 30 W. 132d STREET, NEW YORK CITY Statement of the Ownership, Management, Etc., required by the Act of August 24. 1912, of TH E CRISIS Published monthly at 70 Fifth Avenue, New York N.	 Y., for October 1, 1915. Editor: W. E. Burghardt DuBois, 70 Fifth Avenue, New York City. Managing Editor: W. E. Burghardt DuBois, 70 Fifth Avenue, New York City, Business Manager: Augustus Granville Dill, 70 Fifth Avenue, New York City. Publisher: The National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, 70 Fifth Avenue, New York City. Owners: The National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, a corporation with no stock. Moor field Story, President. May Childs Nerney, Secretary. Joel E. Spingarn, Chairman Board of Directors. Oswald Garrison Villard, Treasurer. Known bondholders, mortgagees and other security holders, holding 1 per cent or more of total amount of bonds, mortgages or other securities: None. A. G. DILL, Business Manager. Sworn to and subscribed before me this 27th day of September, 1915. EDWARD J. BREDEN, Notary Public. Kings County No. 101, New York County No. 113, New York Register No. 6233. near Washington, D. LINCOLN, MD„ C , on "the finest and best constructed electric Tailroad in the world." Special: A large lot, 50 by 150, a house to be built on it according to plans specified in the contract, 3 pear trees, 3 apple trees, 3 peach trees, 15 chickens, 1 pig, firewood for two years, free grazing for cow or horse, all for a total of $750; payable $5 down and $5 per month, without interest. Sample house now ©ccupied by C. B. Fulton. THE LINCOLN LAND AND IMPROVEMENT COMPANY 1403 New York Ave. Washington, D. C. OF INTEREST TO VOCALISTS Tone-Placing and Voice Development, With Sup plement Co-ordinating with Original Chapters Highly recommended and endorsed by well known Choral and Musical Societies, Directors, Vocal Teachers and Musical Publications, as evidenced by the following extracts selected at random from those who kuow: Pedro T. Tinsley of Chicago is the first of the vocal teachers to realize the possibilities of Tone-Placing and Vowel Values (Study) as applied to music, and will soon be reaping his reward in the knowledge that he is helping thousands to a thorough musical education where he previously helped but hundreds. THE MUSIC TRADES. I highly endorse your Book Tone-Placing and Voice-Development as being in a class by itself. This is my fourth order and will be able to use quite a number of additional copies very soon. G. W. WILLIAMS, B.M.A., 1214 Pease Ave., Houston, Texas. "Dear Mr. Tinsley: "I take great pleasure in commending your very useful and succinctly written book on 'Tone-Placing and Voice-Development.' Your own appreciation of the psychology of singing and the fundamental principles of the art you have cleverly reduced to a simple system. Cordially yours, "Father WILLIAM J. FINN, C. S. P., Director Paulist Choristers of Chicago." From "Musical Courier," N. Y.: "A very practical little book is 'Tone-Placing and Voice-Development,' by Pedro T. Tinsley. It contains some very excellent material and vocal exercises, and should be in the hands of all vocal students." From "Music News," Chicago, Ill.: "Accordingly this 'Practical Method of Singing' is a most concise and practical little manual, containing many valuable vocal exercises. It cannot fail to be helpful to all ambitious vocal students." PRICE $1.00 Address the publisher: Pedro T. Tinsley, 6448 Drexel Ave., Chicago, Ill., or Clayton F. Summy, 64 E. Van Buren St., or Lyon &amp; Healy, Adams and Wabash Ave., Chicago, Ill. The Crisis Calendar for 1916 will be a small encyclopedia of the Negro Race in America cents Order Early Daisy, of Lincoln, Md. Mention TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS Vol. 11 -No . 2 DECEMBER, 1915 Whole No. 62 Along Color Line the MUSIC AND ART f~\ One of the most interesting occur rences in the literary and musical world is the coming production at the Metropolitan Opera House, New York City, of Enrique Granados' Spanish opera "Goyescas." The words of the original opera are by Fernando Periquet but the English version translated from the Spanish has been done by James Weldon Johnson, the well known colored American. It is of peculiar significance that the greatest opera house in America in producing one of the newest and most striking operas should turn to an American Negro for an adequate English version. Both Mr. Johnson and Mr. Gatti-Casazza are to be congratulated. C Miss Rachel Lenoir Walker, soprano, of Cleveland, Ohio, whose artistry gives great pleasure, gave a recital on October 22nd, at Mt. Carmel Baptist Church, Washington, D. C. C On September 29th at the City Auditorium of Houston, Texas, an All-Negro Composers Night was given under the direction of Carl R. Diton. The united choirs of Houston were accompanied by R. Jones. The composers represented were Vodery, Johnson, Dett, Williams, Diton, Charlton and Burleigh. The concert was given by the Art and well known for his interest in folk-music. C Miss Ethel Richardson, pianist, of New York, was heard in a recital at the Zoar M. E. Church, Philadelphia, Pa., late in September. Miss Richardson gave numbers by Beethoven, Schutt, Debussy, Coleridge-Taylor and Liszt. C Mr. Joseph H. Douglass, violinist, gave a recital on October 18th at Abraham Lincoln Centre, Chicago, Ill. He was accompanied by Mrs. Douglass. C Mr. Clarence Cameron White, violinist, was given a warm reception at his recital on October 12th, at Institutional Church, Chicago, Ill. He was assisted by Mrs. Gertrude Towson, soprano and Miss Mattie B. Miller, pianist. The accompanists were Walter E. Gossett and T. Theodore Taylor. Mr. White played his "Negro Chant" for the first time in public. On October 25th, at Indianapolis, Ind., Mr. White was presented by the Sisters of Charity State Hospital Association. C A new "Adoration of the Magi" in which the artist has the courage to place the figure of a black king, is that of the painting by John Duncan, shown at the Royal Scottish Academy Exhibition. The picture is reproduced in the August International Studio. Charity Club for the Drinking Fountain Fund for Colored Schools. C An interesting item on the program offered by Percy Grainger at his recital in Boston, Mass., on October 24th, at Symphony Hall, was his "Tribute to Foster," in which appears the old song "De Camptown Races." Mr. Grainger, a pianist of international reputation, is ([ An unusual treatment of the subject "The Virgin and Infant Jesus," is found in Francois Fouquet's like-named painting which is found at the Antwerp Museum. The symbolic painting is given with a background of many beautiful angel faces, black of skin as well as white. The artist is of the Sixteenth Century—the transition period foretell TH E CRISIS ing the influence of the Italian Renais sance. ([ Mrs. Maud Cuney Hare, pianist-lecturer, of Boston, Mass., assisted by Mr. William H. Richardson, baritone, is filling engagements before women's clubs in the State of Massachusetts, under the management of the Eastern Bureau of Boston and Syracuse, N. Y. The season was begun early in October by an appearance before the Stoneham Woman's Club, one of the largest white clubs in the State of Massachusetts, and the program is commented upon at length by the Stoneham Independent. Mrs. Hare and Mr. Richardson begin a southeastern concert tour in February, but return to Boston in early March, for other engagements booked by their man agement. Later in theconcert tour is arrangedwest. d "Mephisto" says in Musical America, in reference to Philadelphia's censoring of Geraldine Farrar's "Carmen" — "Let this supervision be made from a broad-minded and intelligent standpoint so that it may be supported by public opinion. Tbere are scenes in the great film play 'The Birth of a Nation,' passed by these very Philadelphia censors which are an incitement to the lascivious. Such are far more dangerous to public morality than Geraldine Farrar's artistic realism." C Elsie Singmaster, well known for her tales of Pennsylvania Dutch life, has written a sympathetic story of an old colored man which she calls "The Ishmaelite." C Claude L. Boykin has on exhibition at the Copley Gallery, Boston, an excellent portrait of Frank Sanborn, the abo season, another  for the north litionist. He is now at work on a picture showing the fall of Antwerp. ([ The music of the Pageant in Washington, D. C. was greatly helped by the singing of the "Pageant chorus." This chorus was gotten together at short notice and its nucleus was the National Federation of Choirs and Musicians which has been organized by Mr. Wellington A. Adams. Mr. Adams is director of the choir of the First Baptist Church and his organization aims to federate choirs, bands and orchestras both in Washington and elsewhere. Mr. Adams deserves great credit for his work. C Persons who have any doubts as to the Negro origin of the Foster melodies should consult the exhibit of his editions of these songs in the Congressional Library. "Old Folks at Home" is de- ST. ERASMUS AND ST. MAURITIUS After the painting by Gruenewald at Munich ALONG THE COLOR LINE scribed by its author as an "Ethiopian melody," and on the edition of "Old Kentucky Home" is the legend "Foster's Plantation Melodies." £55 SOCIAL UPLIFT MR. RICHARD NEWMAN of Wheeling, West Virginia, won twenty-five dollars for the best paper on treatment for gas in the stomach. The prize was given by the Medical Journal of New York City. C The Colored American Review, which aims to serve the colored business men of Harlem, has been started in New York City. Cyril Briggs is editor. C The Negro branch of the New Orleans Public Library was dedicated recently. It is one of the largest in the South. C W . E. Easton, of Los Angeles, California, has been appointed sub-custodian of the capitol at Sacramento. C Dr. W. H. Pickett has been appointed to the staff of the City Hospital, Louisville, Kentucky. He starts work in the out-patient department. C Daniel Ferguson, of Columbus, Ohio, has been chosen class orator for the class of 1916, at Ohio State University. This is the first time that a colored man ever was elected to a class honor in this institution. C Christopher Painter, of Brooklyn, New York, has willed ten thousand dollars to Tuskegee Institute to be used for rural education. C Friends of Miss Nannie Burroughs, of Washington, D. C , have presented her with an automobile. C Julius Rosenwald, of Chicago, has given twenty-five thousand dollars for a colored Young Men's Christian Association building in Cincinnati, Ohio. C The Eighth Annual Convention of the Alpha Phi Alpha Fraternity will be held at the seat of the Omicron Chapter, University of Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh, Pa., during the week of the 27th of December, 1915. C The Supreme Lodge Entertainment Committee of the Knights of Pythias of Ohio have issued a very interesting report of their financial activities. They collected in all $9,329 and expended in their entertainment of visiting Pythians $9,077 including $2,650 which was to redeem loans advanced by different lodges of the State. They have a balance of $252 in the treasury. This was a business-like, and successful enterprise. C The colored "Official Herald" of the San Francisco Exposition tells this story of the way in which he got his position. "Through Mayor James Rolph, Jr.,requested an opportunity to show my ability without any compensation. The Exposition Officials thought they might take a chance and I was sent to Oregon on my first trip. I polished up my trumpet, obtained a glaring banner, had a white flannel suit and a military cap made, and started for Portland. "When I took my stand in the center of the main street of Portland and began making all the noise I could on my brass trumpet, the Chief of Police was soon on my trail, traffic was tied up, and very quickly I was the center of a rea' jam. I obeyed the orders of the police LO stop the noise and accompanied the police to the station, but not until I had been snapped by the Portland newspaper photographers. "I felt pretty good the next morning when I loomed up on the pages of the Portland papers as the 'Herald of the Panama-Pacific International Exposition that blocked Portland's traffic' " He got the job. C Rabbi Rudolph I. Coffee has removed from Pittsburgh to Chicago. The colored people of Pittsburgh presented him with an address, "In view of his liberal ideas on manhood, his efforts for civic betterment, and his untiring zeal in the endeavor to accomplish for each and every man the rights of liberty, happiness, and equality before the law." C Former Governor Lee Cruse of Oklahoma asserts that Negro disfranchisement is against moral law and that he has no fear of "Negro domination." EDUCATION THE colored people of Dayton, Ohio, are seeking to do away with the separate colored schools in that city. C The three prizes offered at the Chicago-Lincoln Exposition for embroidery THE CRISIS THE PROPOSED COLORED HIGH were won by pupils in schools conducted by the Catholic Church. ([ The Ogden Memorial Committee plans to build an auditorium at Hampton Institute to the memory of the late Robert C. Ogden, who worked long for education in the South. Major R. R. Moten and Booker T. Washington are on the committee along with several prominent white men. C Fitting exercises were held at the inauguration of the new president of Fisk University, Fayette Avery McKenzie. Governor Brumbaugh of Pennsylvania, was one of the speakers. ([ Mr. O. A. Pierce, of Columbus, Ohio, has issued an interesting little primer called the " A B C of Color." It has the alphabet and colored children pictured. ([ Morgan College is inaugurating twenty-eight college courses of instruction for teachers during the coming year. They include courses in education, mathematics, modern languages, sociology, history, English and physical science. These courses will be conducted late in the afternoon and on Saturdays. ECONOMICS COLORE D employees of the Hamil ton Club, Paterson, New Jersey, have been discharged and Germans, who have been interned at Hoboken, New Jersey, have been put in their places. C Tuskegee Institute has started a co operative experiment on a tract nearby, known as Baldwin Farms. Farms and SCHOOL, KNOXVILLE, TENNESSEE implements are to be sold to graduates of the school at very low rates. ([ Bartow F. Powell of Georgia is said to own ten thousand acres. H e has raised as high as a thousand bales of cotton in one year. C Dewey Green, a lad of Tulsa, Oklahoma, took first prize last year in the Pig Club, and second prize this year in the Corn Club. (L C. R. Patterson and Sons of Greenfield, Ohio, who have made buggies for a number of years, now plan to build automobiles. ([ The Ocala Knitting and Manufacturing Company is a corporation organized by colored men of Ocala, Florida, and is, incidentally, the only knitting mill run by people of any race in the whole state. Mr. George Giles, a colored man, is the president and the stock is owned chiefly by colored people although white people have also invested. The Ocala Evening Star, a white paper, says: "The Star considers the opening of this factory in Ocala and the business that will grow out of it to be one of the best works done in the city in many a day and the far reaching effects of the plans that Giles has in his head are yet undreamed of by our people." PERSONAL GOVERNOR WHITMAN of New York, has appointed Charles Anderson, former internal revenue collec THE COLORED KNITTING MILL, OCALA, FLORIDA THE CRISIS tor, Supervising Agent of the State Agricultural Department. C James L. Curtis, a practising attorney of New York, has been appointed by President Wilson, Minister to Liberia. C The widow of the late Bishop Henry Turner is dead. C Thomas J. Bell, former secretary of the Colored Y. M. C. A., New York City, has accepted a call to the secretaryship of the Y. M. C. A. in Denver, Colorado. C J. H. Smiley, managing editor of the Chicago Defender, is dead. C At a recent sale of the Adrian Joline collection in New York City, James Drake paid thirty-nine dollars for a letter written in 1860 by Victor Hugo, to Henry Marquard. Hugo says "Since John Brown's execution America can no longer be called virgin. She has now her crime." He likens the place of Brown's death to Golgotha. C The death of Mr. Woodson, formerly of North Carolina, is reported from Brussels. At the time of his death he had been for a number of years stage director of a well known theatre in the Belgian capital. C Edith S. Palmer of Philadelphia died last July at the age of twenty-two. She won the Cornell scholarship at the Girls" High School of Philadelphia in 1911 and studied there and at the University o f Pennsylvania. She was a girl of great promise. C Mrs. P. A. Jordan of 1050 West Hickory Street, Jackson, Mississippi, asks for news of her husband, Dr. R. B. Jordan, who disappeared last June and is thought to hav e met with some serious accident. C Bishop and Mrs. John L. Hurst of Baltimore have been celebrating the twenty-fifth their wedding. Numerous guests and piles of silver greeted the couple. The Bishop, who is a Haitian, is one of die strongest leaders of the African M. E. Church. His wife was born in South Carolina and is an active church worker. They have one son, Benoni Price Hurst, who is studying medicine at Harvard. CHURCH AT the sixty-ninth annual session of ^ the American Missionary Association in New Haven, Connecticut, reports were handed in by workers in the mission field among the Negroes, Hawaiians, and Indians. Booker T. Washington spoke at the evening meeting in Woolsey Hall. This proved to be the last public speech of Mr. Washington. C Plymouth Congregational Church , Brooklyn, New York, held a meeting in honor of Henry Ward Beecher. The Fisk Jubilee Chorus sang and an appeal was made for Talladega College. C Ground has been broken for a colored Catholic Church at Alexandria, Virginia. CThe Salvation Army is training colored field workers at its headquarters in New York. C The Pittsburgh Conference of the Methodist Episcopal Church voted in favor of Negro bishops to tak e charge of the work among their people. FOREIGN It is said that the English government has decided to accept the services o f colored Africans. If so the contingent which leaves South Africa will be known as the Cape Corps, a name which carries fine memories in South anniversarv of Africa. The THE HON. JAMES L. CURTIS ALONG THE COLOR LINE BISHOP JOHN L. HURST colored people are eager to help in Europe. C Major Charles Young has been con ducting a school for cadets in Liberia, Africa. Several young men, some of great promise, have already been grad uated. C French Colonial authorities at Dakar, West Africa, have admitted some Liberian youths to their scientific and technical schools. ([ Mrs. Young, the wife of Major Charles Young, U. S. A., has arrived in the United States from France with her two children. She will live at Wilber-force. ([ James G. B. Lee of Brooklyn, New York, a promising young civil engineer, died lately at Monrovia. He was just about to return to America after several years' work for the Liberian government. ([ Keir Hardie, the militant Socialist member of Parliament, who died lately in England, was a staunch friend of the Hindoos. ([ Ernest Chauvet, a Haitian editor, is now in this country, trying to promote a better understanding between America and Haiti. ([ The newly elected president of Liberia College, Liberia, Africa, is the MRS. JOHN L. HURST Honorable J. J. Dossen, a former vice president of the republic. ([ A Turco, to whom had been entrusted a safe, holding 50,000 francs, was cut off from his regiment in France by a force of Germans. His regiment had moved on but after three days he reached it, and delivered the safe to his colonel. For this he has been enrolled in the Legion of Honor. ([ Dr. Ernest Lyon, Liberian consul to the United States, has appointed Isaac W . Gillespie of Baltimore, Maryland, and William Roundtree of Xenia, Ohio, to positions in the constabulary of Liberia. ([ All of the thirteen Americans in the French Foreign Legion were killed in one of the recent engagements in France. Among them was Bob Scanlon, a former colored prize fighter. C Major W. F. York has succeeded Major Wilson Ballard in command of the Frontier Force in Liberia. GHETTO " R EVEREND LEWIS C. SHEAFE, with his congregation, have withdrawn from the Seventh Day Adventist Church, in Los Angeles, California, because of its expressed unchristian attitude toward the colored members. ([ Colored men have been driven from THE CRISIS Jennings, an oil town in Oklahoma, by the white residents of the place. ([ Oklahoma is trying to find a way to evade the recent ruling of the Supreme Court, which reaffirmed the right of Negroes to the franchise. ([ The Republican Convention in Louisiana would not accept the colored delegates who came. They explained to the men that the party would put up no candidate of its own, but would very likely support the Progressive candidate. C A little girl's doll carriage needed repairing ; accordingly a message was sent to Santa Claus to send and have it fixed. The mother arranged for an upholsterer to take the vehicle and he sent his colored employee a few days before Christmas to get the toy while the mother was out. When the mother returned the little girl greeted her heartily. "Oh! mother, Santa Claus sent for the doll carriage, and say, mother, he's got a colored man working for him!" ([ The colored people of St. Paul, Minn., have succeeded in having passed an ordinance forbidding the exhibition of picture plays which tend to create race prejudice, incite riot, etc. CRIME A MAN , supposed to have murdered A. H. Cage of Clarksdale, Mississippi, was lynched there by the mob. ([ Joe de Berry was executed in the public square in Murphysboro, Illinois. Three thousand people looked on at the hanging. C A policeman in Atlanta, Georgia, shot and killed a ten year old boy. He did this because the child did not stop when called. FETTERED LIBERTY By ESTHER A. YATES To come so near, and yet not touch the goal! To sight Its gleaming bars, like some pale pilgrim soulHails light, After the weary night. To feel unbounded joy! My efforts crowned At last! Then strive to leap, and find my feet are bound, And fast; My short-lived freedom past! To see my fond hopes crumble as do things In dreams; My skin a burden that should serve as wings! It seems The earth with passion teems! To live with books, to teach my eager brain To act, And every noble power and gift.to train With tact-Then meet this time-worn fact: That prejudicial bars rise everywhere. My race, My barrier. For this my soul must bear Disgrace, And opposition face. How long shall I restrain the hot life-tide Whose flow With just resentment surges? Must I bide This blow? And this? And this? And fearful hide? And cringing terror show? Or shall I let the prejudice of years Go by, With outward passiveness, and inward tears, And die? Or leave unsatisfied my fears, Nor even question why? And this is freedom? This is liberty? The place Where justice reigns? "Home of the brave and free"? Look! Trace The deepened furrows of servility Upon a burdened race! Jehovah, burn into our faith's weak ray Thy might. We crave but half a chance to blaze a way To light, To dawn, from racial night. God of a trampled race! We must, we dare Be free! Free, that we may be men! We leave our fare With Thee. If only in the battle's wear and tear, Thou'll lead our host through fog or noon-day glare To freedom ! Liberty! MEN MONTH A LAW- Josiah T. Settle, who recently YER died at Memphis, Tennessee, was a well-known lawyer in that city for many years. He was born in East Tennessee, educated in Ohio and finally at Oberlin College. He took his law course at Howard University and began work in Mississippi during Recon struction times. In 1885 he came to Memphis where he was Assistant Prose cuting Attorney for Shelby County for a time. Afterward he became well-known as a general practitioner and was con nected with many movements for social uplift. m A The Reverend John Lewis MINISTER Dart died recently at Char leston, South Carolina, at the age of sixty-one. He was born in Char leston and educated at Atlanta Univer sity and Xewton Theological Seminary. He served as a preacher in the Baptist Church for many years and recently has been editor of the Southern Reporter of Charleston. He was a man of earnest ness and courage. m AN IN- George Powers of Xenia, Ohio, VENTOR is an inventor of note. He is a blacksmith by trade and taught for a while at Wilberforce University. Recently he has patented a machine for the manufacture of automobile wheels which the Hinkle Manufacturing Company of Xenia, Ohio, are about to put on the market. Experts say that there is no mechanical appliance that equals the work of this new machine. Mr. Powers has also a new aeroplane under construction. A BUSI- Benjamin Franklin Cooper NESS MAN of Buxton, Iowa was for many years before his death one of the most prominent and successful business men in the town. He was born in Missouri fifty-one years ago, educated in the public schools of Iowa and began work in a saw-mill. He finally took up the drug business and established a drug store in Buxton. At the time of his death he owned considerable real estate including several dwelling houses and a 420-acre farm. A LEGIS- The Honorable David A. Cori-LATOR naldi, member of the Legisla tive Council of the Island of Jamaica, was born in 1834. On leaving school he became a watchmaker and eventually also published a paper. In 1895 Mr. Corinaldi was elected to the Legislative Council and has retained his seat ever since, being justly considered the Father of the House. In June 1910 his constituents presented him with an address- and a purse of three hundred dollars. AN UNDER- James C. Thomas, Sr., was TAKER born in Texas in 1863, and came to New York twenty-five years ago. He at first worked as porter and waiter and then as steward. Along with his work he took up the study of undertaking and in 1897 opened an establishment. He was one of the first colored undertakers of the city, but being well-trained early gained the confidence of the public. Mr. Thomas' establishment is now located in 134th Street in a four story white brick building with reception rooms, offices, chapel, show-room, morgue and work room. m A SOCIAL Mrs. Mary E. Alston, who WORKER died recently in Providence, Rhode Island, had an envi able record in social work. She was a prime mover in the New Century Club TH E CRISIS B. F. COOPER D. A. CORINALDI B. J. CHURCHILL J. C. THOMAS M. C. B. MASON J. L. DART L. L. POLLARD MEN OF THE MONTH E. E. HALL MRS. M. E. ALSTON H. E. BURRIS J. T. SETTLE J. H. GARNER GEORGE POWERS T. W. HENDERSON 70 THE CRISIS which maintains a working girls' home; she was for eight years treasurer of the Clover Leaf Club, which provides coal for aged colored women; she was a member of the Old Ladies' Home Social Club and active in the Rhode Island Union for Colored Women's Clubs and in the Household of Ruth. For six years she was a caterer for the Rhode Island Exchange for Women's Work. On the very day of her death she acted as chairman of a committee to entertain the inmates of the Home for Aged Colored Women. She is.greatly missed in Providence. A MAIL Recently the postmaster and CARRIER employees of the Post Office at Rock Island, Illinois, joined in celebrating twenty-five years services of W . E. Burris as letter carrier. Mr. Burris is the only colored man among sixty-four employees of the office, and has won the respect and friendship of all of his fellows. He is a Mason of high standing and was instrumental in building the Masonic Home for old men, women and orphans while grandmaster of the Illinois lodge. The home is worth $9,000, owns five acres of land and is without incumbrances. Mr. Burris was born in 1855 in Arkansas and was a barber until appointed to the Post Office in 1890. m AN Leslie L. Pollard who died ATHLETE last year in New York City was a young athlete of un usual promise. He was born in Chicago and was a graduate of Dartmouth of the class of 1911. After graduation he took up work in Chicago and kept up his interest in athletics. His work in football made him one of the best known colored players in the country and he was picked by Walter Camp for the honor roll of the All American team. AN IN- Joseph H. Garner, one of the SURANCE best-known Negro insurance AGENT men in South Carolina, died recently, at the age of forty-five. Mr. Garner was at one time a Pullman porter and in 1905 took up insurance work in Columbia, South Carolina, for the North Carolina Mutual and Provident Association. Under his energy the work grew and he was made manager for the state. A Thomas Wellington Hender-PREACHER son was born in North Caro lina in 1896. He was educated at Oberlin and held during his life some of the largest charges in the African M. E. connection. For four years he was business manager of the church and travelled extensively. He retired last year after fifty years of active service as minister. He died in June and was buried from "Mother Bethel," Philadelphia, in the presence of a great concourse of people. m AMASON Last Mar Churchillin Newch Mr. Be was given Bedford,njamin J. a banquet  Massachu setts, in honor of his fortieth anniversary as a mason. Mr. Churchill was born in Virginia in 1847 and came to New Bedford in 1868. In 1870 he entered the employ of Woo d &amp; Brightman, plumbers and steam fitters, where he still continues. He became a master mason in 1875 and is an active member of the Hood Chapter Order of the Eastern Star, Number 20. m A CHURCH The late M. C. B. Mason was OFFICER born in Louisiana and died recently in Baltimore, Md., at the age of fifty-six. He was for twenty years secretary of the Freed-man's Aid and Southern Educational Society, one of the highest positions ever held by a colored man in the Methodist Episcopal Church. A POST- Elbert R. Hall has been made MASTER postmaster of the Iowa State Capitol Building. He was born in Missouri, educated in the public schools and has acted as stenographer at Tuskegee Institute and for Senator Cummins. He is also a reporter for the leading Des Moines Daily. Opinions THE COLORED VOTE COM E remarkable echoes of the Negro vote in the last election are coming to us. S. B. Parks, writing to the Phila delphia North American, declares that the Negroes defeated Woman Suffrage in New Jersey and says: "Perhaps New Jersey may yet see a great light and come to appreciate the determination of the southern states at all costs to maintain white supremacy." Threats from the women of disfran chisement, "Jim Crow" cars and indus trial exclusion have followed, but Frank M. McNeal, writing to the Trenton Times, defends his race: "As for myself I would hesitate in voting for any party whose ideals and political affiliations are so intricate and delicate that they fear to declare, in any stage of their campaign, that they favored equal opportunity in earning an honest and independent living. "If you will aid us in our struggle for a fair deal during the next seven years, I will venture to say if it was our vote that defeated the amendment in the last election, it will be our vote that will give it the same majority then. "If it was put to a vote whether or not the Negro workman should have the same opportunity as other men the 'No' would have a larger majority than the Antis received last Tuesday. "Let every American who has one spark of manhood in him hold the memories of the brave men that fought and died for the cause of the Union and freedom as the sacred gifts that could be handed down to a generation of that unfortunate age. "But -the equal rights that they gave their lives for, in regards the Negro, has come to be only by word and citizenship an empty name. If the slain Lincoln could see the equal rights and citizenship that we have today he would turn to the American flag and hide his honest face in its folds with shame and disgust, for the flag is the only thing that bears the least resemblance of the original." The Trenton, N. J., Times-Advertiser says editorially: "The attempt to unload on the Ne groes the odium of defeating Woman Suffrage, has not gone unchallenged. Several tart denials have been printed and incidentally the public have discov ered that the accused race is not without some able controversialists in its ranks." In the South the matter of Woman Suffrage is continually bringing up the whole suffrage question. The New Or leans Item has this rather remarkable confession: "As a matter of practical fact, educational and property qualifications for voting in the southern states, which to a great degree have eliminated the male Negro voter, would operate also against the enfranchisement of any large number of female Negro voters. In Louisiana, for example, the white illiteracy is only 14 per cent of the white population, while the colored illiteracy is 48 per cent of the total colored population. Few Negro men are found to pay poll-taxes and keep their receipts for two years. It is not likely that any larger proportion of the Negro women will meet this requirement. Those who do will be among the educated, intelligent, thrifty women of their race, who, in every community, are winning the respect of their white neighbors by earning their living by honest work bringing up their families as decently as they can. Southern white men and women will not grudge these the ballot. W e all know many a decent colored woman who would make a better 'qualified elector,' if intelligence and conscientiousness were the qualifications, than scores of white men who throng the polls at election day, and sell their votes for a drink. "No, the South is not going to get excited over the bugaboo of a revival of the race question, dragged into the 72 THE Woman Suffrage issue. Only in the minds of politicians, conjured up for po litical ends, does this bugaboo still linger. And we have, nowadays, women as well as men politicians—even in the yet un enfranchised South." The letter of Emmett J. Baxter in the Columbia, S. C , State is most encourag ing. "As a reader of your paper and a white man, please allow me to make some comment on an article which ap peared in your paper on the 28th of last month under the heading, 'Manning Stands for White Rule.' "The writer does not know how grave the situation in Beaufort is, nor does he know whether there is any gravity in the situation at all, but he is simply taking the statements of the governor at their face value. "What seems to be uppermost in the mind of the governor is Negro domination, which has long ago ceased to be even a respectable ghost. "It is impossible for one to reconcile the principles of political philosophy with the governor's idea of white rule in South Carolina for all time. John Stuart Mill, in his work, entitled 'Utilitarianism, Liberty and Representative Government,' says: 'Men desire the ballot not for the purpose of governing, but to prevent their being misgoverned.' "It is also one of the basic principles of political philosophy that all honest, intelligent and taxpaying citizens have a moral as well as legal right to participate in the government under which they live, supporting a political party, establishing a new party or bolting from a party according to the dictates of their consciences. Time was when the ignorant and in many cases vicious Negro was used as the tool of the unscrupulous white man in carrying out his selfish ends, but we, the great white race of South Carolina, may as well face the fact that the intellectual, moral and financial status of the Negro is far above what it was 30 or more years ago. "The educated and conservative leaders of the Negro race would never countenance such a move as an attempt at political domination. Indeed, such a rash undertaking would be crushed in its incipiency. What we should realize CRISIS is that in the future we shall have to cooperate with the honest, intelligent and taxpaying Negro in working out the true destiny of South Carolina. The governor remarked that the Negro's place is not at the ballot box; so far as that is concerned, many white men should have no place at the ballot box, at least until they are duly qualified. "There are thousands of Negroes in the State of South Carolina duly qualified to vote, and thousands more are preparing themselves for the same purpose. Let us not deceive ourselves. Let us face facts. The idea of the white man being the best friend of the honest, intelligent and taxpaying Negro only when he (the Negro) refrains from entering politics is a great joke. Was there ever a government or political party so paternal as to grant a race of citizens their full rights and at the same time bar them from the polls? W e think not. "According to that line of reasoning, how would the constituents of the Democratic party in South Carolina like to withdraw from politics and allow their interests to be looked after by the Republican party ? "Fellow citizens, a new era is dawning upon us. If our professed Christianity, our education and our labors for the betterment of humanity are to accomplish anything we must be just to our fellowmen regardless of color or condition." The dilemma of the northern Negro voter continues to perplex him. The Rochester, N. Y., Herald says: "On the day that a local clergyman of color announced his return to the Republican party, he having strayed into other political grazing grounds in the wake of the Bull Moose, the Republicans of the State of Louisiana were holding a convention to eliminate the Negro from politics in that state. "According to a dispatch from New Orleans 'the delegates met in a hotel inaccessible to Negroes and organized a state central committee composed of white committeemen elected to serve terms of four years. Tw o widely known Negro lawyers, both formerly members of the central committee, were placed in nomination from two local districts, but were defeated overwhelmingly.' "This would seem to contradict the OPINIONS assertion of the person of color that the Negro had nothing to expect from the Democratic party—that the Republican party was his true friend, and his only one. Playing fast and loose is likely to lose him the confidence of both." Mayor Thompson of Chicago has been defending his course: "I know that in some quarters I have been criticized severely," says Mayor Thompson, "for appointing a few representative Negro citizens to positions of honor and trust and dignity. I am glad to take the full responsibility and the honor for making every one of these appointments, and I want to ask my critics to be as manly and to come out in the open light of day with such un-American sentiments. "My reasons for making such appointments were threefold: "1. Because the person appointed was qualified for the position. "2. Because in the name of humanity it is my duty to do what I can to elevate rather than degrade any class of American citizens. "3. Because I am under obligation to this people for their continued friendship and confidence while I have been in this community. "Criticisms such as those are un-American, and have no place in this land of freedom and opportunity. If inquiry were made concerning the nativity of these critics it would probably be found that a number of them had come, or their immediate ancestors had come, to this country to escape tyranny and oppression in some foreign land and find opportunity in this land of the free, and, having found it, would shut the door in the faces of others. "It comes with mighty poor grace from that white man or any of his descendants to say to the colored man, 'You haven't any right here which I should respect.' "It is easy to understand the attitude of our own citizens of southern ancestry who feel obliged to denounce the Negro in order to justify the questionable acts of their forefathers, but such sentiments are entirely inexcusable when spoken by the children of oppression from any place in the wide world." THE SUNNY SOUTH HP THE deliberate mistreatment of Ne groes in the South is bringing its inevitable puzzles. The New York Evening Post says: "An interesting correspondence has been going on between the Governors of Pennsylvania and South Carolina. It concerns a Negro accused of murder, whose extradition is asked by the southern State. Gov. Brumbaugh has been courtesy itself, but has wanted to assure himself that the accused would have a fair trial. He does not forget that his own state has been disgraced by outbreaks of the mob, but he has felt a certain responsibility upon the point nevertheless. The Columbia State, in reviewing the correspondence, makes no attempt to palliate the lynchings that have occurred, but pleads that they have been exceptional." In Bessemer, Ala., the continued mistreatment of colored people by the police has brought public investigation. The Bessemer Weekly says: "To what extent charges made by the grand jury of abuses practiced by city officials of Bessemer against Negro prisoners this writer does not know. But the picture drawn by charges of beatings inflicted, of property confiscated and of general mistreatment of ignorant and unprotected blacks closely parallels the hideous picture of the Hell Hole of Calcutta, and constitutes a blot upon the record of this boasted section of civilization. "That many Negroes are ignorant is no fault of theirs; that many are vicious is but a natural tendency of the human race, both white and black. Yet the Negro must ever be regarded as a producer, especially in this southland of ours. Remove him from the industrial fields of the South, and the loss would fall heavily upon capital and progress would be retarded. "It is thought that the Bessemer case is not the only one that should be ventilated and punishment follow. The fee system has long oppressed the Negro, and many are the victims of injustice at the hands of official oppressors. The strong hand of the law should be invoked to protect the oppressed, and in THE CRISIS telligence and morality should demand fairness for blacks and for whites alike. "Is it not probable that such abuses as those alleged against Bessemer officials cause criminal Negroes to so often shoot and kill deputy sheriffs and policemen while in the discharge of their duties in making arrests?" A bit of correspondence in the Miami, Fla., Herald shows the methods of race segregation there: "The only reason today that no Negroes are living on Sixth street, west of Avenue I, is because the citizens on Sixth street put their faith in shot guns. And the reason Negroes are living today on Fifth street and every other street north of Sixth is because the citizens put their faith in petitions to the city council. These petitions have heretofore all been ignored. Now, however, when action is practically forced upon them the city council according to the gentleman who constituted himself their spokesman intended to do a little encroaching themselves. "They propose to take in territory that has never yet been occupied by Negroes and force white people from their homes. "Citizens of Miami! do you propose to stand.for that?" The Melting Pot, a radical St. Louis publication, is waking up to southern matters and thus comments on the Frank case: "He was a Jew—they were Christians —all Christians. "Not a Freethinker was among the mob. "The Jews nineteen hundred and odd years ago had killed one of the Christians' gods. "For this all Jews are accursed. "They are more to be hated than even the poor blacks. "The blacks are cursed because their ancestor, Ham, had made fun of his father, Noah, when the old man got drunk and took off all his clothes. "But the 'dirty' Jews are godkillers. "Both Jews and blacks deserve neither justice nor mercy from white Christians. They are to be hanged, or burned, on suspicion. And Leo Frank was a Jew. "That was enough for the Georgia mob. They threatened the judge and "jury—warned them not to render any verdict except guilty. "Besides, the Georgia mob had never before had an opportunity to torture and hang a Jew. "Negroes could be taken out and lynched any old time. "Nobody ever interfered." Mr. W. D. Howells, in the October Harper's, voices new thoughts of the growing gloom of southern Negroes. Theoretically, the southern colored man is always laughing and happy, but as Mr. Howells saw them their presence "is of an almost unbroken gloom." "T o the city which so much took my liking their color gave a cast of very loathed, yet pitied, melancholy. If they had gone about in any barbaric brightness of rags, any vivid touch of scarlet or crimson or orange, they might even have given some cheer to the street life, but their taste seemed to be for the gloomier dyes. If the garments had holes in them, and flapped in tatters here and there, it was probably not by personal or racial preference; the like happens with the poor everywhere. I have found the destitute in New York as unbeautiful and even as unpicturesque as the segregated in Charleston; poverty is always unlovely; let me be as fair as this to the bygone conditions ending in the poverty one sees in the South. If I speak here of the rude wooden balcony overhanging the pavement of a certain Charleston street where men, women and children used to stand and be bidden off at auction by the buyers underneath it is not to twit the present with the past in a city apparently unconscious of it. But in my impressions of that city my black fellow-creatures persist, a dreary cloud; their freedom was not animated by the smile, much less the light laughter one expects of them; only once did they show any noticeable interest in life, and that was when they stood in a crowd at one side of the street, strictly segregated from the white crowd on the other side, but equally following with it the events of the great fight in Havana between the pugilistic champions of their race and ours, as the bulletins reported them." OPINIONS Of course, as to the real colored world, North and South, Mr. Howells knows absolutely nothing, and what is sadder, makes no effort to know. m THE GIFTS OF ETHIOPIA FREDERIC J. HASKIN, writing in *• the Atlanta, Ga., Journal, is telling the white South some unknown truths. "Today, the 10,000,000 Negroes of the country are planning to celebrate their half-century of freedom by a number of public expositions and pageants which will demonstrate their advance in educa tion, power, wealth and honor. Within the past two generations some Negro has arrived at distinction in nearly every branch of science and art. "Because the pageant has become ac cepted as the best means of conveying truth, and at the same time developing dramatic and artistic tendencies, the Ne groes are planning to hold one of these affairs in each of the larger cities during the coming year. These pageants have been arranged under the auspices of the Horizon Guild of New York. The pur pose is to stimulate the pride of the col ored people in historical progress of their race, and to develop their natural dramatic talent. It is not a money-mak ing venture. Its work is somewhat sim ilar in scope to that of the Drama League of America, except that it is con fined entirely to the interpretation of the highest ideals of Negro life. "Its first pageant, 'The Star of Ethiopia,' has already been successfully presented in New York and Washington. It is a production of artistic and musical value which includes over 1,000 persons in its drama. This portrays the history of the colored race from the time men were equal in the stone age, through the glories of the Ethiopian empire, through slavery and freedom, and up to its present development in science, art and education." Drury Underwood, writing in the Chicago Herald, says: "The origin of ragtime is referred to periodically by musicians as something probably African, but beyond analysis. Wherein they are partly right and wholly wrong. Ragtime is African—no probably about it—and the analysis is simple, leading facts considered. . "Real ragtime on the piano, played in such a manner that it cannot be put in notes, is the contribution of the gradu ated Negro banjo player who cannot read music. "On the banjo there is a short string which is not fretted and which, conse quently, is played open with the thumb. It is frequently referred to as 'the thumb string.' The colored performer, strum ming in his own cajoling way, likes to throw in a note at random and his thumb ranges over for this effect. When he takes up the piano the desire for the same effect dominates him, being almost second nature, and he reaches for the open banjo string note with his little finger. "Meanwhile he is keeping mechanical ly perfect time with his left hand. The hurdle with the right hand little finger throws the tune off its stride, resulting in syncopation. He is playing two dif ferent times at once." The New Haven, Conn., Register, speaking of Mr. B. T. Washington's appearance before the National Congregation Council, says that the audience "sat in a sort of awe at the feet of a man who, once a slave and sold as property, has developed into a leader, a master of a race, a maker of new empire." It continues: "And one should not forget that the Negro race represents more than mere indomitable will. The complement of Booker Washington, the complement of the messages of the speakers in all these American Missionary Association national gatherings, is always a group of the finest and sweetest singers from the finest university America has for the Negro. Never did Fisk University send a better group than was heard here yesterday. They gave music such as sounds the deeps of the soul. It is no freak of nature that the Negro can so translate soul into sound. It is a subtle proof of the artistic, the ideal, the inherently noble, the triumphantly immortal side of him." The Ohio State Journal speaks of the "superb sense of rythm which is the peculiar possession of the Negro race," and shows how it was evidenced in the Pythian parade. THE CRISIS "Whether in the latest rag or in the wave of pathos in 'Annie Laurie' or their band's fine and reverent playing of 'My Country 'Tis of Thee,' the supple bodies and the quick feet seemed always a part of the music. "Again, for the millionth time, we wished that this great talent of theirs were more extensively utilized for the stage than it is today. One of our greatest comedians is a colored man, and there are many other notable colored entertainers besides the few colored musical companies now touring the country. But they are all few compared to the numbers of the race and the great amount of talent that it surely contains. No doubt, there are any number of wonderful singers, comedians, and dancers among them, needing only to be developed and exploited. The development of this talent would confer a two-fold benefit upon the race; for one of its greatest needs at present is more colored theatres. There is a need for one in Columbus, a well conducted theatre for colored people, where they could be sure of finding clean entertainment." Mr. John E. Milholland has recently been reminding us that certain smug phrases of our democracy have an Ethiopian origin: "I found myself wondering who first said: 'Proclaim liberty throughout the land and unto all the inhabitants thereof.' I thought it was an utterance of Jefferson. I began to trace it to its beginnings. I found I had to go back and back—Jefferson had written it, but he had cribbed it from here—Leviticus, 25: 10:— " 'And ye shall hallow the fiftieth year, and proclaim liberty throughout all the land unto all the inhabitants thereof.' "Who was it then? Why, the Ethiopian priest of Midian, Moses' fatherin-law, Jethro. "There you have it. There you have the genesis of every democracy that the world has seen. There you have the germ of one of the great ideas that have influenced the human race. And you've got to trace it right back to that old Ethiopian priest whose daughter Moses took unto himself as wife." THE SLANDEROUS FILM ISCUSSION of "The Birth of a Nation" still continues. The Knickerbocker Press, Albany, N. Y., calls it editorially: " A movie that lies." The Rev. D. C. Milner, writing to the Chicago Evening Post, says: " A riot is reported in Philadelphia, caused by the exhibition of 'The Birth of a Nation.' A number of colored peo ple were arrested. When the intense feeling of the Negroes against this most slanderous caricature of their people is considered, it is remarkable that there have not been many riots." The Independent, of Elizabeth City, N.	 C , a white paper, says: " 'The Birth of a Nation' is a cruel slander of a weak and helpless race. It is a cowardly attack upon a people who are not strong enough to hit back. It is unfortunate that the mighty genius of D. W . Griffiths, the producer of the picture, has not been employed to better purpose. "The Negroes throughout the South will oppose Dixon's picture in vain. Their opposition will not stop the showing of the picture and will but serve to advertise it the more heavily and make it a greater issue. M y advice to the Negro is let the picture alone. The Negro has at his command today a better way to combat the pernicious influences of Dixon and his kind; a better way to make friends for the black race. The Negro in the United States today has money and talent and leadership. I would suggest that the Negroes use their money, talent and leadership in putting before the world in picture drama, poetry, music and pageant their claims to the white man's tolerance and respect. The Negro has a history of which he need not be ashamed; but he will wait a long, long time for white men to write this history in all fairness for the consumption of the great white public. White historians as a rule even avoid so important a historical fact as the discovery of iron. It is given only to a few students here and there to know that civilization probably owes its very existence to the black man. The foundation and frame work of our civilization is wrought of iron. The Negro was the OPINIONS first worker in iron while Europeans yet were wielding their primitive clubs of stone. Four hundred years ago the Negro in Africa was as far advanced morally and intellectually as the mass of his white brethren on the continent of Europe. And then a white man's commerce and a white man's religion stepped in and the black man made no further advances. It is a wonderful story the Negro has to tell, and it is a sad, sad story. It will not be a bad thing after all, if 'The Birth of a Nation' jolts the Negro into a campaign of counter publicity that will give America so many interesting facts of Negro history. I suspect 'The Birth of a Nation' is already having something of that effect; 1,000 Negroes will produce a spectacular pageant of Ethiopia in Washington the week of October 10th. Similar pageants will be staged in other cities." Judge Webb, of New Haven, in denying his power to stop the production of the film in that city went out of his way to say that if he were "an official with the duty of issuing permits or licenses and to withhold permits and licenses for such exhibitions as I deemed to be prejudicial to public morals and prejudicial to the well-being of the community, and possibly violations of the law relating to indecent, sacrilegious and obscene performances and exhibitions, I should very probably, as I feel about the situation at the present time, be very strongly disposed to withhold any permit. "My personal conclusion is that the exhibition is pernicious; that it tends to an evil direction. It is, of course, a wonderful exhibition of the genius and ingenuity of this modern method of exhibition by film pictures, but the whole underlying motif of the exhibition is one of emphasizing and perhaps exaggerating the vices and brutal characteristics alleged to affect and characterize the colored race generally, at least at a certain period of our history which is not now even very remote—perhaps a century ago. "I personally reprobate the exhibition as having, on the whole, a very unfortunate influence and possibly the effects may be far more reaching than we can at present anticipate." BLEEDING HAITI WE have received the following res ' olutions from the Council of Discipline of the Order of Lawyers, Port-au-Prince, Haiti: Meeting of September 23rd, 1915 Were present: The President of the Order, Cauvin; Emmanuel Rampy, W . Michel, S. Jean-Louis and Victor Cauvin. The meeting was called to order at 11 o'clock a. m. The president read before the Council a letter received from the Minister of Justice, dated September 21st, 1915, No. 1013, inviting the Order to a Te Deum which will be sung at the Cathedral, on Sunday, the 26th inst., and to a reception that will follow at the National Palace, to celebrate the election of Mr. Sudre Dartiguenave to the First Magistracy of the Republic. On motion of the president, and after discussion, the Council unanimously de cides : 1. That in sign of protest against the American occupation; against the outrage committed against the Republic and against the Convention introduced into the two Houses of the Legislative Body by the Government, the President of the Order and the Members of the Council will not be present at the ceremonies on Sunday. 2. That the President of the Order will send a certified copy of these minutes to the Minister of Justice, as an answer to his letter. 3. That, in order to bring the above decision to the knowledge of the Order, the Secretary shall send a copy of these minutes to the papers for publication. Given at the Palace of Justice of the Civil Court of Port-au-Prince, on the day, month and year aforementioned. (Signed) : F. L. Cauvin, S. Jn. Louis, W . Michel, Emm. Rampy and Victor Cauvin. The Elizabeth City, N. C , Independent says: "The recent troubles in Haiti seem to . have been patched up to the satisfaction of folks in the United States, but they are only patched up, after all. There will be other uprisings in Haiti and other Haitian high officials will be assassinated. This is bound to be so because 7S THE CRISIS THE HAITIAN LAWYERS' white men have declared that the Negro is incapable of self government and the white man is not going to do anything to disprove his argument. White men have been at the bottom of much of the deviltry in Haiti and will continue to foment trouble there. "Haiti, the largest, except Cuba, of the West Indian group of islands, represents the earliest effort of the Negro race to establish a Republican form of government. There were Negro sailors with Columbus when he first set foot in the New World, on this same island of Haiti. Negroes were among the first settlers of this island. And here the black men have attempted to establish a Republic of black men and demonstrate the ability of the black race to govern itself if left to itself. But the very same forces that bring about rebellions and rioting in the mining districts of West Virginia, Michigan and Colorado; the same forces that bring about the insurrection of armies of laborers in the textile and garment trades of New York and in the manufacturing centers of Pennsylvania and New Jersey; these very same forces have made trouble in the Negro Republic and will continue to make trouble. The inside facts about Haiti at the pres COUNCIL OF DISCIPLINE ent time would make interesting reading, another bloody chapter in the book of 'Business is Business.' "Americans should be kind to Haiti. America owes a lasting debt to the black men of this West Indian Republic. It was Haiti that raised up Toussaint L'Ouverture, a soldier and a statesman who was big enough and brave enough and resourceful enough to drive back Napoleon Bonaparte at a time when that imperial personification of force and power was tempted to push his conquests into the Western Hemisphere. Toussaint L'Ouverture, a full blooded Negro, raised up an army of Haitians to fight for the emancipation of Haitian slaves; with this army he gave 25,000 of Napoleon's soldiers such a hot reception that the French were finally glad indeed to dispose of their American possessions to the United States, for a mere song. If Napoleon's armies had not stopped at Haiti something more than a hundred years ago, the history and geography of the United States might have been altogether different from what it is today. In unbiased histories the name of Toussaint L'Ouverture will rank with the names of Moses, Cromwell, Washington and Lincoln." EDITORIAL THE ELECTIONS •	 IN the general results of last month's elections there is not much to interest the American Negro but there are several significant points. First, the Vote for Woman Suffrage: There is no doubt of the decisive part which the Negro vote played in New Jersey and in Pennsylvania. In New Jersey, as the Philadelphia North American says: "The Negro vote defeated the Woman Suffrage amendment in New Jersey. This assertion is made without qualification by suffrage workers and others who have studied the returns of last Tuesday's balloting." On the other hand, in Pennsylvania with its 50,000 Negro voters the woman's cause must have gained a very large proportion of this vote. What made the difference between New Jersey and Pennsylvania ? The answer is simple. Pennsylvania took special pains to educate Negro voters on Woman Suffrage. New Jersey did practically nothing. What other result could you expect? A very excellent lesson was taught the Republican party in New York City. In spite of desperate efforts of politicians to gerrymander Harlem the Negro has a large vote in the 21st and 31st assembly districts. In each one of these the colored people put up candidates. In the 31st district Mr. John M. Royal polled 878 votes against 760 for the Republican candidate allowing the Democratic candidate to win by a minority vote. This puts the proposition squarely up to the Republican party in Harlem: If the Negro voter stands firm and the Republicans want to win them they must win with a Negro candidate. BENSON WILL BENSON is dead. He was a lovable man— handsome as a god in smooth bronze beauty. His eyes were the eyes of	 a zealot, burning with the glow of other worlds. Possibly you were bored with him for he had but one theme, one speech, one thought—Kowaliga. Twenty years I have known him—seeing him come and go. W e have walked at midnight, talked at dawn and watched the dying glow of a score of sunsets. He was my friend and I was his and although we had little chance to work together and often disagreed in detail and fact, we had one great agreement— Kowaliga. Kowaliga was no perfect thing—it was a dream, inconsistent, illogical, but fine, big of vision and of the stuff that remakes worlds. They say Benson failed at Kowaliga. I do not know. I was but the far-off onlooker who only heard. But I heard Benson. Then came the great Tragedy of his life, the great Denial. In the presence of Death questions of merit and blame boot little. Suffice it to remember that for his cause he made the Supreme Sacrifice of Death. None can do more. 80 THE CRISIS They will bury erence to the prohi m I trust a t clamation of the Kowaliga. All the southern-born adlong years the miral, who is now solemn pines shall ruling that island sough above him. as conqueror. This All the long years proclamation con-the voices of little tains certain black children shall smoot h promises make his silence of benevolent sweet. And May guardianship in God have mercy Haiti with no inon his soul and on tention to interfere mine. with the political To that bowed integrity in Haiti. figure, golden -Recently, however, faced and frail, the veil of the who sits beside his State Department grav e : Greeting, has been partially THE LATE W. E. BENSON Poor Sister, and withdrawn and indim gladness: Henceforth and forever-quirers are now told by letter over the more there shall be no more partings— signature of A. A. Adee, the second asno hurryings to and fro, no whisper of sistant secretary of State: "In reply to worry and pain; now at last he rests; he your request for a statement of our puris yours and yours alone and you twain poses in Haiti, the Department begs to shall never more be parted. inform you that it has refrained, for the time being, from making public any statement regarding its policy in Haiti." HAITI AT first, inquiries at the W e notice, too, that a southern white White House concerning man has been appointed American the intentions of the minister to Haiti. His name is Blanch-United States in Haiti ard and we believe that he is from were appeased by ref-Louisiana. We would like to know if KOWALIGA EDITORIAL this Blanchard is related to the Blanchard who signed the following advertisement in the Shreveport, La., Times, January 10, 1908. "To THE COLORED CITIZENS OF THE PARISH OF CADDO" "We notice at a meeting of the colored citizens at the Antioch Baptist Church a few evenings ago, that they passed resolutions endorsing the prohibition movement in the parish of Caddo, and have pledged themselves to aid in the moral wave, which they claim is now sweeping the country. So far we have no objection, but we wish to say to the colored voters of Caddo parish that the present prohibition contest is a white man's fight, and that they must not take part in it. We have had various offers of assistance from the colored voters for the anti-prohibition cause, and our answer to them has been that they should not attempt to vote in the coming election on January 14th. "W e do this in all kindness to the colored man, believing that he should not attempt to obtrude himself in this fight, which is purely a contest between the white citizens of this parish. We do it because of the memory which we have of the dark days of Reconstruction when one race was arrayed against the other, and when no man's life was safe in the state of Louisiana. W e do not wish to appear dictatorial in this matter, but we are determined that this question shall be settled by the intelligent white voters of the parish of Caddo, and our colored friends may resolute as much as they please, but we warn them now, once and for all, that they must not attempt to vote either for one side or the other. W e do not believe in Negro domination on either side of this question, and while we are sure that more colored people would vote for prohibition, yet as white men, believing in the rule of the Caucasian, we cannot tolerate their interference in this election. Respectfully submitted. "J. D. WILKINSON, "ASIITON BLANCHARD, "ANDREW QUERBES, "For Citizens' Committee." It will be remembered that the parish •of Caddo has lynched more Negroes than any single county in the United States. THE DOUGLASS HOME THE widow of Frederick Douglass provided in her will that the home on Cedar Hill, District of Columbia, where Mr. Douglass spent his last days, should be kept as a memorial in honor of this great man. At her death it was discovered that there was a mortgage of $5,500 on this property. Sometime ago a campaign was started to pay off this mortage but there is still due a balance of $4,000. Strenuous effort must be made to pay this balance which is due in a short time, otherwise the property will go to the white heirs of Mrs. Douglass. The estate is valued at $52,000 and consists of fourteen acres in perhaps the best location in the whole city of Washington. Is it not possible to have a great concerted effort to save the Douglass home ? Persons interested in this matter are invited to correspond with the president of the Frederick Douglass Memorial and Historical Association, the Honorable A. H. Grimke, 1415 Corcoran Street, Washington, D. C. What greater shame could be conceived than that the shrine of the greatest of Negro Americans should be lost to his race through the carlessness or parsimony of his people. Are there not 4,000 of us who could give a dollar each ? Or perhaps better, 40,000 of our children to come forward each with a dime? 82 THE CRISIS BOOKER T. WASHINGTON THE death of Mr. Wash ington marks an epoch in the history of America. He was the greatest Negro leader since Frederick Doug lass, and the most distinguished man, white or black, who has come out of the South since the Civil War. His fame was international and his influence far-reaching. Of the good that he a c c omplished there can be no doubt: he directed the attention of the Negro race in America to the pressing necessity of economic development ; he emphasized tech-n i c a 1 education and he did much to pave the way fo r an understanding between the white and darker races. On the other hand there can be no doubt of Mr. Washington's mistakes and short comings : he never adequately grasped the growing bond of politics and industry; he did not understand the deeper foundations of human training and his basis of better understanding between white and black was founded on caste. W e may then generously and with deep earnestness lay on the grave of Booker T. Washington testimony of our thankfulness for his undoubted help in the accumulation of Negro land and property, his establishment of Tuskegee and spreading of industrial education and his compelling of the white south to at least think of the Negro as a possible man. On the other hand, in stern justice, we must lay on the soul of this man, a heavy responsibility for the consummation of Negro disfranchisement, the decline of the Negro college and public school and the firmer establishment of color caste in this land. What is done is done. This is no fit time for recrimination or complaint. Gravely and with bowed head let us receive what this great figure gave of good, silently rejecting all else. Firmly and unfalteringly let the Negro race in America, in bleeding Hayti an d throughout the world close ranks and march steadily on, determined as never before to work and save and endure, but never to swerve from their great goal: the right to vote, the right to know, and the right to stand as men among men throughout the world. It is rumored that Mr. Washington's successor at Tuskegee will be Robert Russa Moton, Commandant of Cadets at Hampton. If this proves true Major Moton will enter on his new duties with the sympathy and good will of his many friends both black and white. THE DOUBLE XMAS GIFT Zhc Double $ mas (3tft CHRISTMAS is just 'round the corner. That means the annual problem of gifts. W e cannot give much—all the world is poor this year. But let us give sensibly. Away with cheap Jim Cracks forgotten in a day. Here is a cheap but valuable Xmas gift: The CRISIS. It costs but a dollar. It is not one present. It is twelve presents. Twelve times a year it will say gently to Friend and Loved One: "I am the spirit of Xmas and Fellowship. I live not once, but the whole year through!" The CRISIS is a Double Gift. It brings Information and Pleasure. It also helps to settle a great Human Problem. Have you never felt that you would like to do rather than talk ? A gift of the CRISIS is a deed, It is a far reaching deed. We have printed a CRISIS The Crisis, 70 Fifth Avenue, New York city Please send me Xmas card for new subscribers to the Crisis On it is our Xmas baby. She's a wee bit Washington lassie but of course CRISIS custom forbids her name. TH E CRISIS W e have printed this baby face on a fine heavy card in two tints and to this we have added words like this: Merrie be your Xmas and Happy your New Year Each month shall bring you The CRISIS To give you Joy and Thought and make you Remember Here you may write your name or simply "A Friend." What will these cards cost ? Nothing. They are free to all. How many may we send you ? How may you use them ? Easily. Get a new reader for The CRISIS. The CRISIS needs readers—but more of that anon. First and foremost: The People of the United States need to read The CRISIS. The curse and cause of the Negro Problem is ignorance. THEY do not realize ; WE do not KNOW. Knowledge, knowledge! the Truth, the Truth! Who then should read The CRISIS next year? Your white friend who does not understand Your white enemy who does not feel Your colored neighbor who does not know it Your colored neighbor who forgets to buy it School boys and school girls Father and mother, hard at work Grandma beside the fire Gather in friend and foe Give us 25,000 NEW CRISIS readers in 1916. We'll do our part—will you ? We must have 50,000 sub 50,000 scribers to The CRISIS. The CRISIS has been successful; but its success is great only when measured by race magazines which have failed. Measured by great American magazines with their circulations of 100,000 to * a million, we are weak and small. The Crisis, 70 Fifth Avenue, New York city Please send me Xmas Twelve million people should have at card for new subscribers to the Crisis least one great national periodical with a circulation of 100,000. Let us take the first step in 1916. Will you help? Then fill out this blank and mail it to us now. Assn people for Advancement the colored National "THE BIRTH OF A NATION" THE Birth of a Nation" has • reached England, appearing in the Scala Theatre, London, the first of October. The Anti-Slavery and Aborigines Protection Society in September wrote to the Official Board of Film Censors making inquiry as to the film. In reply the President of the Board stated that the film had been submitted to the examining body and passed. The Secretary of the Society writes us that "the play involves a gross misrepresentation of the Negro character and is calculated to stir up bad feeling against them. Consequently, we much deplore its being shown especially at a time when the colored races of our Empire are doing so much to help us in the Great War crisis." The Secretary of the Association has spent some time in Columbus, Ohio, where a determined effort was made by the business interests of the photo-play to secure endorsements from colored people. It was represented that with certain eliminations the play would be acceptable. The advent of the Secretary with her intimate knowledge of the many battles that have been fought about this question was most fortunate and resulted in the colored people of Columbus repudiating any compromise and also any compromisers. The Governor of the State has assured our representative that the play will never appear in Ohio while he is in office. Word comes to us from St. Paul that the Mayor and the Council failed to ask the opinion of any Negro regarding the production of "The Birth of a Nation," and the film was produced on October 23. In a week's time, however, the St. Paul Branch and its friends had secured the elimination of all of the "Gus" scene from the time the Cameron girl leaves the house for the spring until her brother finds her at the foot of the cliff; and all of the Lynch-Elsie Stoneman scene from the time Lynch proposes marriage to the return of Stoneman. Our correspondent, Mr. J. H. Sherwood, writes, "W e feel that the forceful demonstration which was made will assure us respectful hearing from the Council on any protested subject in the future." While the Boston Branch was unable to prevent the production of "The Birth of a Nation" in Boston, its vigorous and untiring battle against the picture bore fruit throughout the State. Springfield, West Springfield, and Lawrence, have refused to have the picture shown even in the tattered form in which it ran in Boston. Boston has furnished us with invaluable literature. Its three pamphlets, "Fighting a Vicious Film," "Why the Negro was Enfranchised," and "The English Leaflet," were sent to the sixty-three branches, locals and college chapters of the Association, to the masters of two hundred and sixty-seven High Schools in the Commonwealth, as well as to the Mayors of the cities and larger towns. This literature has also been circulated from the Association office to all parts of the United States. The Secretary of the Branch, Mr. Butler R. Wilson, addressed a letter to the Secretary of State of each State asking that a copy of the bill of each State regulating photo-plays and theatrical exhibitions be forwarded to the Branch. Answers were received from all the States. It is impossible to overestimate the importance of such alertness on the part of Massachusetts, and we cannot too seriously impress upon other states the need of continued and determined action. Our fight is not yet over. The play is . leaving the cities and going into the smaller towns where its influence may be greater than in the larger cities. The most astonishing cutting of the film has taken place in New Haven. The 86 THE battle against "The Birth of a Nation" was conducted in that city by Mr. George W . Crawford, a member of the Board of Directors of the National Association. When it was learned that the play was to be produced an injunction was sought, and Judge Webb gave a decision which may be found under Opinion. As a result of this decision the New Haven Committee were able to interest the Mayor in censoring the play. At a private exhibition before the Mayor and the Committee, the play was cut more than it has been anywhere that it has yet been exhibited. The following will give an idea of the eliminations made: 1. The so-called "smell" incident. 2. The library scene between Stoneman and Lydia Brown. 3. Many of the offensive scenes between Stoneman and Lynch. 4. Every incident relating to "Gus" including the chase, the trial and the execution, although the girl was seen flying from someone and leaping to her death. 5. The entire scene depicting the attempt of Lynch to force Stoneman's daughter into marriage. 6. The offensive incidents in the Legislature. To make sure that none of these scenes slip in on later nights, Mr. Crawford has secured a pass to every performance. m MEETINGS MRS. BUTLER R. WILSON of Boston has given her services to the Association, speaking three times during the past month in Wilmington, Del., three times in Trenton, N. J., once in Orange where Dr. Spingarn also represented us, and once in New York. Under the supervision of Mrs. E. E. Gray of the Membership Committee a successful meeting was held October 7 in the Nazarene Congregational Church, Brooklyn. M BRANCHES THE Baltimore Branch has held two •*• mass meetings, one on November 2, at Ames M. E. Church with Mrs. Emma Truxson and Dr. H. S. McCard CRISIS as speakers, and the other on November 4 at Water's Chapel with Prof. William Pickens as the speaker. A lecture on "Hygiene," the first of a series arranged by the Chairman of the Educational Committee of the Des Moines Branch, was given by Dr. Thomas F. Duhigg on October 20. Miss Caroline M. Dexter addressed a meeting of the Harrisburg Branch October 19. On October 12 the Northern California Branch held a mass meeting, to arouse interest in the prize contest. The Pittsburgh Branch held an interesting meeting in October at which it was decided to enter the membership contest. Shreveport, La., reports an important Branch meeting in October at C. M. E. Temple at which a lecture was delivered by the Rev. James A. Bray. In Tacoma, on November 4, Senator Wesley L. Jones gave a talk with stereopticon views under the auspices of the Branch. §a NOMINATIONS FOR THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS HP H E nominating committee, consist ing of Mrs. Florence Kelley, Mr. George W. Cook, and Dr. V. Morton Jones, appointed by the chairman of the board of directors in accordance with Article VIII. of the Constitution, has submitted the following list of nominations for members of the board of directors of the N. A. A. C. P. for the term expiring January, 1919: Mr. George W . Crawford, New Haven. Bishop John Hurst, Baltimore Mr. Paul Kennaday, New York. Mr. Joseph P. Loud, Boston. Dr. William A. Sinclair, Philadelphia. Mr. Arthur B. Spingarn, New York. Mr. Charles H. Studm, New York. Miss Lillian D. Wald, New York. Pev. G. R. Waller, Springfield, Mass. Mr. Butler R. Wilson, Boston. All of these nominees are now serving on the board, with the exception of Bishop Hurst, who suceeds Mrs. Max Morgenthau, Jr. The nominating committee reluctantly acceded to the request of Mrs. Morgenthau that she be allowed to withdraw from the board, as the pres N. A. A. C. P sure of her other engagements made it impossible for her to serve. These ten nominees will come up for election at the annual meeting in January. THE ANNUAL MEETING THE annual meeting, for the election of ten directors, and the transaction of other business, will be held in New York City on Monday, January 3, 1916, at 2:30 P. M. The place of meeting will be announced in the next issue of TH E CRISIS. This meeting will be followed by an important Conference on February 11th and a large Mass Meeting on February 12th, the latter to be held in the enormous auditorium of Carnegie Hall, New York. On this occasion the Spingarn Medal will be awarded, and some of the most eminent speakers in the country will deliver addresses. Every member of the N. A. A. C. P. should plan to be in New York on February 11th and 12th, and should attend these two meetings without fail. Full details will be given in the January CRISIS, but it may be said in advance that one of the most notable programs in the history of the N. A. A. C. P. is assured. THE "JIM CROW" CAR AN N. A. A. C. P. INVESTIGATION By T. MONTGOMERY GREGORY ON Saturday evening, August 28, 1915, a group of respectable Negroes boarded train Number 10 of the Augusta-Southern railroad at Wrens and Spread, Ga., for Augusta. Numbered in this group were some of the leading and most respected men and women of Augusta and Athens. Several of them were ministers with members of their families returning from a religious gathering. They had paid first class fares and should have received first class accommodations and decent treatment, yet they were forced to board a rickety wooden coach, containing dilapidated seats, a rusty stove, and layers of coal dust and dried sputum. There were not a sufficient number of seats, for half of the coach was partitioned off for white smokers. At one end of this "Jim Crow" pen was one filthy toilet for the use of both men and women. These cattle-car conditions were sufficiently humiliating to these colored citizens of Georgia, but their cup was not yet full. Soon the conductor, who was occupying much needed space in the car, began to smoke and expectorate, even going so far as to puff his tobacco fumes into the faces of the ladies in front of him. In emulation of his example one or two other men lighted cigarettes or cigars, filling the coach with fetid smoke. One of the passengers, a well known pastor of Augusta, remonstrated with the conductor against this nuisance, and was insulted in harsh and coarse language by that official. Thus without redress of any kind, these men with their wives and daughters were compelled to continue their ride to Augusta amid conditions that can scarcely be duplicated in any other civilized country—conditions which should arouse the resentment and indignation of every self-respecting American citizen, white or black. Fearing lest this authentic account of the experiences of these persons might be exceptional, I boarded train Number 9 on the same road, leaving Augusta at 7.20 on the morning of Tuesday, August 31, 1915, for Tennilie. I found the same antiquated wooden coach with the seats caving in, and the car generally disorderly and dirty. The white coach in the rear was also wooden, but it was in much better condition. There were in the "Crow" coach with me three neatly dressed Negro girls and an elderly woman. The doors of the car were kept open constantly while the white men in the smoker and the train hands made the car a lounging room and thoroughfare. THE CRISIS It was not long before the rough-looking conductor cocked himself into the most comfortable double seat and lighted a cigarette. While his fumes were filling the coach, the Southern Express baggage man sat in an adjoining seat and lighted his cigarette. In a moment a hulky, bearded white Georgian farmer came out of the white smoker and mingled his nauseating pipe fumes with those of the officials of the road. At punctuated intervals this insulting trio would expectorate wherever their fancy might direct them. My shame and anger were, however, to be put to a greater test. One of the young girls went into the dirty toilet, the door of which was without a fastener of any kind. Shortly afterwards the baggage-man violently opened the door of the toilet and entered, withdrawing only after he had gotten well into the interior. Whether he attempted to enter the closet with the knowledge of the girl's presence there, I have no way of knowing. It is unnecessary. The hard fact is that he did enter it, that he had no right to enter a closet that was provided for colored men and women. These are actual, recent experiences of a few members of our race. Yet thousands of others all over the vast Southland are enduring similar hardships and injustices. I open my presentation of the conditions of travel for Negroes in the South with these incidents to show what is possible under the present system there. I do not hold that all conditions are as bad as these, although they are common enough, especially on the local lines. This so-called "Jim Crow" car system is a disgrace and a blot of shame to this nation. W e believe that when these authoritative facts and conditions are impartially and unemotionally presented to the American people and to the officials of the Federal government, that they will see to it that our people are treated on the public carriers as human beings and not as cattle. W e are not contending against the system of separate accommodations as practiced by these roads, although such a practice is in violation of every principle of American democracy and justice. W e accept it for the present as a necessary evil. But we do maintain that the laws requiring equal accommodations for both races be upheld and enforced to the last jot and tittle of the law. In order to secure an accurate and dependable report on the "Jim Crow" car system, the N. A. A. C. P. sent me during the months of August and September to investigate the leading roads operating in the Black Belt, from South Carolina to Louisiana. The facts here set forth are the result of that investigation. An itinerary of the trip together with a list of roads investigated may be found in the November issue of THE CRISIS. Do the Negroes then, although they have separate accommodations, receive the same accommodations and service as white passengers? That they do not is seen in the physical condition of the colored coaches, in the toilet facilities, in the treatment accorded to colored passengers by the train officials, the lack of any accommodation for long-distance or night travel, and in the nature of the reservations for Negroes in the railroad stations. T o sample these conditions one need not penetrate the Black Belt. You have only to board a train in the magnificent Union Station in Washington, the capital of the nation. Take any road going South, the Seaboard, the Atlantic Coast Line, or the Southern, and you will meet with some of the unfair phases of the "Jim Crow" car system, although the Southern road can always be depended upon to show the worst side of it. In a trip to Richmond from Washington via the Southern, I found half of a coach—the other half being used for baggage—divided again into halves, these latter compartments providing congested accommodations for the colored passengers. One division was used for a smoker and into the other small divi sion were jammed enough passengers to fill a regular coach. Some few of the roads have made slight attempts to better these distressing conditions, but one may travel over the entire network of the Southern without finding any material improvement. Take the line from Chattanooga to Bristol, a stretch of road frequented by a superior N. A. A. C. P. class of Negroes, such as the students of Knoxville College, professional men, etc. I boarded train Number 42 leaving Chattanooga at 10.45 A. M. There were crowded into a third of an antedeluvian coach twenty Knoxville students, ten Baptist preachers on their way to conference, and several other passengers. One-third of the coach was used for baggage and another third for a smoker. So congested was the regular passenger section that most of the male passengers were crowded into the two-seated smoker. The cushions of the faded plush seats were saturated with coal dust. On the other hand, the whites had an entire coach for a smoker and more modern day coaches that were clean and tidy. There was in the colored coach one toilet in the forward left hand corner of the coach that was used by both men and women. Near the colored smoking compartment was another toilet which was used by the white men of the adjoining car. When I asked why these white men preferred to use the "Jim Crow" toilet, I was informed that the manners or chivalry or something of the sort, would not permit a Southern gentleman to enter a closet which was situated in the sight of Southern ladies ! And yet . The lines of the Southern between Atlanta and Birmingham, Selma and Meridian, were found to be only slightly different from those already noted. In some cases the coaches may be of more modern construction, but always there is the filth and unsanitary conditions ; always the disgraceful toilet facilities. The other roads in some cases provide somewhat more decent accommodations on their main lines. The Seaboard may be cited as one of the more favorable roads. Yet take the conditions even there. I left Washington on train Number 1 for Columbia, South Carolina. The "Jim Crow" section was the rear portion of the baggage car and it was divided into the usual passenger and smoking sections. There was a toilet in each of these sections, so that one might suppose that the accommodations were satisfactory. Yet, as I shall show later, there were evils here of another kind that nullified the more favorable aspects of the cars. The Atlantic Coast Line falls into the same class as the Seaboard, unless it is that its colored coaches are kept in a dirtier condition. The Louisville and Nashville and the Central of Georgia are providing on their fliers accommodations superior to those of other roads, thus showing what can be done. One experience of mine on the "Seminole" Limited of the Central of Georgia will show that even at best the lot of the Negro traveller is a bitter one. I was riding in the really excellent section reserved for "colored," when about three o'clock in the morning the conductor informed me that I would have to go into what was the white section, as the colored section was to be changed into a white smoker. The signs "white" and "colored" were never changed, so that for several hours I was designated as "white" and about a dozen whites as "colored." My point is that I was forced out of a decent coach into the nastiest and filthiest box that I have ever ridden in. Sputum was everywhere, disgusting insects were creeping over the seats and floor and the rancid odor has scarcely yet left my nostrils. That experience occurred on one of the most favorable trains in the South! It should be added that only one toilet is provided on any of these trains. There are a number of lines radiating from New Orleans, such as the Queen and Crescent, the Louisville and Nashville, the Texas and Pacific, the Yazoo and Mississippi Valley, and the Illinois Central. A citizens' committee, composed of such sterling citizens of New Orleans as the Rev. Mr. Dunn, has investigated conditions on most of these roads and has filed futile protests—except in the case of the Louisville and Nashville which is remedying some of its abuses—with the officers of these roads. Women have told me that they would prefer to pass through hell-fire than to endure some of -the inconveniences and indignities to be found on such lines as the Texas Pacific. (To be continued) O THE QUEEN OF SHEBA ETHIOPIA CANDACE OF MEROE (Miss Adella Parks) (Miss Eleanor Curtis) (Miss Gregoria Fraser) From the Pageant: "The Star of Ethiopia" "THE STAR OF ETHIOPIA" gg By W. E. B. DU BOIS I WROT E it four years ago. I called it, or rather it called itself by various names. Finally it decided to be called "The Star of Ethiopia." I acquiesced. My friends looked upon it with lack-luster eye. I did not blame them. The more I read it myself the more it seemed wanting. And yet as I turned over my rejected manuscripts this always bobbed up with a certain insistence, a kind of "Why not try me" tone. Its first resurrection came in 1913 when we were celebrating, in New York, Emancipation. What a task that was! I have been through a good many laborious jobs and had to bear on many occasions accusations difficult to rest under, but without doubt the New York Emancipation Exposition was the worst of all my experiences. Such an avalanche of altogether unmerited and absurd attacks it had never been my fortune to experience. CHARLES BURROUGHS Director of Dramatic Action Yet through it all one thing became clearer—the Pageant must be tried. W e must attempt, at least, this one new thing in the dead level of uninteresting exhibitions. W e had our ups and downs with it. It was difficult to get hold of the people; it was more difficult to keep them. There were curious little wranglings and bickerings and none of us will forget that dress rehearsal. If there had been any reasonably convenient method of escape the Pageant would never have seen the light of day. And then it came—four exhibitions, singular in their striking beauty, and above all in the grip they took upon men. Literally, thousands besieged our doors and the sight of the thing continually made the tears arise. After these audiences aggregating 14,000, I said: the Pageant is the thing. This is what the people want and long for. This is the gown and paraphernalia in which the message of education and reasonable race pride can deck itself. And yet a year went by and another year. I had upon me somehow the fear of doing. When one has done a thing and done it MRS. DORA COLE NORMAN Director of Dancing TH E CRISIS MRS. HELEN CURTIS Mistress of the Robes fairly well it seems like tempting fate to try it again. And then, after all, there was no money. There was war and there was trouble. So another year passed, and then with a start I felt that I was letting something go that was really worth while—letting it die because of certain moral cowardice and so I girded myself and looked around the world and hit upon Washington at once the most promising and the most difficult of places; the largest Negro city in the northern hemisphere and yet for that very reason exceedinglv hard to reach and interest with a new and untried thing. The few that came out to the preliminary meetings listened with interest. They even showed enthusiasm at times and they promised cooperation and they kept their word. I had the whole matter carefully planned but I early found that the best laid plans needed a curious personal joining together on the part of the one who has the vision of what he wants and cannot adequately tell it. I remember that Friday when I opened the office. The .beautiful sign which Richard Brown had painted was going up and I was helping boost it. A good friend came by and looked at me. There was pity way down in his soul. "Are you still encouraged?" he asked. His question was a revelation. The whole city doubted. A thousand actors, gowned and trained in three weeks? "Impossible!" said the city. Nevertheless they worked loyally. My helpers came to town on the dot. Mr. Burroughs, with his deliberate genius and unwavering faith; Mrs. Norman with her great mastery of men—or rather of women—an'd Mrs. Curtis who came almost concealed under thousands of yards of cloth. Already in the field was the tireless Mrs. Glenn and eventually came Mr. Davidson. Richard Brown had long been working. So we started and our troubles started with us. The School Board was slow but when it moved it moved generously. The rehearsals hitched and for interminable days we had a hundred people where we needed a thousand. The music went awry and it seemed an absolutely impossible task properly to advertise the thing we were doing and get the mass of the people to know and to think about it. RICHARD L. BROWN Director of Scenery and Properties THE STAR OF ETHIOPIA And then the weathe r—oh ! the weather! The pains of hell gat hold upon me and the terrors of the damned during that week of cold, drizzly weather that preceded the week of our entertainment. I was at the very nadir of my faith, and wondered rather helplessly why it was I could never let well enough alone, but was always pushing out into some frontier of wilderness endeavoring to do the impossible. Then (by what miracle who knows), came three nights, each more perfect than the other and sandwiched in be tween rains. Some said God did it and I am not disposed to dispute. But the money. The way the funds rained through my fingers was quite unbelievable. I saw ahead of me the most shocking bankruptcy, the most unbelievable extravagance. Everything seemed to be costing just twice as much as it should. Final hitches came on the very end of our endeavor. The music looked dubious ; the regulations of the ball field seemed about to interfere with even our walking firmly on the grass; the electric lighting got into inextricable tangles. The tickets were late. The costumes were later and the properties latest of all. New expenses kept cropping up, THE LEADER OF THE and finally, when art the city inspector dropped around very late one evening and casually remarked that ha might have to hold up the whole thing because a few red lights were missing, it seemed as though the cup of misfortune was full. Then it was as it always is in things of this sort. Suddenly a great new spirit seemed born. The Thing that you have exorcized becomes a living, mighty, moving spirit. It sweeps on and you hang DAVIDSON trembling to its Publicity skirts. Nothing can Wonderfully, irrestop it. It is. It will You feel sistably the dream comes true no exaltation, you feel no personal merit. It is not yours. It is its own. You have simply called it, and it comes. I shall never forget that last night. Six thousand human faces looked down from the shifting blaze of lights and on the field the shimmering streams of colors came and went, silently, miracuously save for the great cloud of music that hovered over them and enveloped them. It was no mere picture: it was reality. The Herald cried, "People of Washington arise, and go. The Play is done." And yet the play was not done. Some things are quite too beautiful ever to be finished. So I walked hom e alone and knew the joys of HANDMAIDENS OF God. THE LOCAL PAGEANT COMMITTEE, WASHINGTON, D. C. From Left to Right Top Row: Messrs. Goins, Edmondson, Terrell, Craig and Walker. Middle Row: Messrs. Singleton and Brown, Mrs. Glenn. Chief Marshall; Messrs. Hilyer, Burroughs and Scurlock. Bottom Row: Mr. Hewkins, Miss Clifford, Mr. Du Bois, Mrs. Terrell and Mr. Hershaw, the President of the Board. UNCLE JAKE'S CHRISTMAS gg By "JONATHAN COVER" "M y how times is changed" • said Uncle Jake, stretching his hands over the coals as if chilled by his brief survey of the wintry scene without; "there's as much difference twixt Christmas now an' as it uster be as dere is twixt er mud turtle an' er real live March hare. Christmas Eve in dem days we'd be settin roun er big log fire, de ole an de young togeder, wid ash cakes on de harth an er big bucket er cider in de corner, laughin' an tellin' tales. Den when de clock strike twelve de fiddle would be goin' an' sech dancin' as you nebber see. Ali, dem wuz days sure ez you born. We'd win' up when mornin come goin' here an' dere givin' greetin' to de many fren's an' den we'd make er break ter git back into de white folks house so ez dey wouldn' know we'd been out all night. "But I nebber kin forgit de las' Christmas my po' Mary wuz here. Mary wuz er mighty good woman, an' I knowed I warn't goin' ter git no mo' like her, so I's nebber tried. But Mary nebber knowed nothin' erbout savin'; she an' money wuz sure to part company no sooner den dey could git outer do's togeder. "Hows'ever, dat Christmas I's goin' ter tell yer 'bout, I had ben cook at de ole 'Merican house in Wilmin'ton fer er good many years an' de waiters uster han' me er nickle or a dime 'casion'ly fer payin' partic'lar 'tention to dere orders' an' dey 'sposed I'd spend dem fer beer, 'cause cooks is mighty fond er dere beer, but I knowed what side my bread wuz buttered on, an' I sez, sez I, dere might come er hard time one or dese days an' ez my wages wuz reg'lar an' plenty, I jes got de carpenter ter fix me er little foot square box wid er hole in de top, an' I made sinkers fer all de little nickles an 'de dimes. I put dat box way back in de corner o' de pot closet an' ebery night when nobody wuz erbout I'd drag it out fum 'mongs' de pots an' de pans an' drap in my little beer money. "Ez I of'en sez no body don' know whats goin' ter happen an' er man wid er fam'ly ought ter try ter fix fer de onexpectit. So I keeps on workin' an' chinkin' in, thinkin' ter myself how 'sprised Mary'd be ef she jes could git er peep inter dat foot square box; but I wouldn' let on nothin to her. Well ez I sed befo', nobody don' know whats in de breeze fer em no way, an after slippin' erlong like er well greased drivin' wheel fer erbout fo' years, I run plump up ergainst er brick wall an' fin' myse'f all of er suddint outer work. De manager come ter see dat de house wuz runnin' at er loss an' he close down widout er bit er warnin'. "Dere we wuz, an' de aggravatin'est part wuz dat we'd jes moved inter er bigger house wid mo' rent ter pay. " 'Cose I didn' feel so desp'rit bad myse'f coz I knowed where de little foot square box wuz, an' I knowed it wuz mighty near full; any ways nuf ter keep us goin' till I got anoder job; but po' Mary, she wuz cert'ny de mos' cut up woman I ever see. "When Christmas mornin' come, we called de chilern togeder fer fam'ly prayers an' when I hear Mary's voice all er trimble like, I knowed she were uncommon worked up, an' sech er prayer I's nebber heared 'fore ner since. De words jes sputtered out like er sizzin cracker an' when she slowed up er little an' got down off her high horse de sweat wuz stan'in out on her nose an' for' ed like de bead on er glass er good licker. "Well we set down ter breakfus an' after helpin' de chillern I see Mary push de plate fum her an' look kin'er sot and stern erbout de mouf, an' when little Tommy says 'Why don't you eat Mamma?' it wuz too much fer her an' de tears jes bust out er her eyes in er study stream. "I had jes took er bite or co'n pone, an' when I see Mary in dat fix I got sorter choked in de throat an' I jumped up an' run fer dat foot square box an' unscrewed de top an' fetched it back an' sot it in her lap. "Well chilern. I nebber seen sech er transferation fore ner sence, laffin wid de tears chasin' down her cheeks an lookin jes like de Sun breakin' tru de clouds on er rainy day." THE CRISIS ADVERTISER How Will You Die? Have you ever wondered in what manner death will come to you? Many times you have attended the funeral of a relative or a friend and sometime you have thought "Poor John, it is a pity he was taken away so soon". You knew he was not ready. You knew that he should have lived many years longer and that these years would have been years of usefulness and production. Maybe John was married and there were the widow and the children. He was your friend and you knew something about his affairs. You knew how he was struggling to get ahead ; that he was deeply in debt, but that his prospects were bright and if he lived and kept his health he would make good and come out alright. He was apparently strong and well and had prospects of a long life. What a shock it was to you to learn of his death. He was not to blame for his untimely death. His was the fate of so many men under modern conditions. The accident which took John's life might just as easily have involved you. While you were thinking of John did you stop to think of your own life? How will you die? During the past year, we have paid claims for the following causes of death: Run over by automobile; Typhoid Fever; Killed on Street Car; Gun shot wound; Kicked by horse; Drowned; Fell out of tree; Stuck nail in foot; Pneumonia, never sick before; Acute Indigestion; Burned to death; Dropped dead after preaching; Fell down stairs; Took wrong medicine; Ran after Street Car—fell dead; Horse ran away. These are only a few actual cases taken from our files. Suppose your turn came in any of these SUDDE N ways; your family would feel a great deal better to know that you had left something toward their maintenance and support in the form of a STANDARD LIFE POLICY. There is no telling just how you or I will die. SAFETY FIRST! Take that Please sen me Insurance TODAY me with particulars about insurance. STANDARD LIFE INSURANCE CO. Amount $. 200 Auburn Avenue, ATLANTA, GEORGIA Sex Age Capital Fully Paid --$100,000.00 Weight. .. . OVER TW O MILLION INSURANCE IN FORCE Occupation. Issues Policies from $250.00 to $5,000.00 Name Address. . . . HEMAN E. PERRY, President HARRY H. PACE, Secretary (C. Dec. 1915) Mention TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 97 "THE BEAUTY" High class picture in natural colors, of the most beautiful colored girl in America. Size 11 x 14, heavily mounted $1.00. Framed $2.00. "A Study in Brown" and "The Girl and the Parrot," our two nudes in brownskin, modest and beautiful, were the sensation of the recent Half Century Expo sition, held in Chicago. Price, size 16 x 20, framed $5.00, 11x14, framed $2.00. Sales are tremendous. Reproductions free. Our Celebrity Series: Finest pictures ever published of Douglas, Washington, Dunbar, Attucks, L'Overture, Tanner, Greener, Langston, Bruce, Phillis Wheatley, Sojourner Truth, John R. Lynch, DuBois and Coleridge Tavlor, size 11 x 14, heavily mounted, 50c. each, 6 for $2.25, 12 for $4.00. Framed in high class frames, gold or Circassian Walnut, $1.40. Booker T. Washington writes, "They should be in every colored home." Orders promptly filled. We guarantee to return money if purchaser is not pleased. AGENTS WANTED EVERYWHERE. DOUGLAS SPECIALTIES CO. Dept. K. 3548 Vernon Ave.. Chicago, Ill. HAZEL The Story of a Little Colored Girl by Mary White Ovington Author of "Half A Man" This charming story, which has given pleasure to hundreds of children—and to grown-ups as well—is an appropriate Christmas gift. Well printed and beautifully bound in red and gold. Price $1.00 Postage extra We want good, live agents to handle this book and are offering especially advantageous terms for the same. Address THE CRISIS 70 Fifth Avenue New York The Poems of Phillis Wheatley the early Negro poetess collected by RICHARD R. WRIGHT, JR., and CHARLOTTE CROGMAN WRIGHT and arranged in an attractive volume suitable for a Xmas gift. Price, One Dollar TH E CRISIS 70 Fifth Avenue :; :: :: New York. SPECIAL OFFER. A year's subscription to THE CRISIS will be given to anyone sending in at one time five paid-up yearly subscriptions to THE CRISIS. The offer holds good until midnight of December 31, 1915. A MOMENT OF REST OIL PAINTINGS make highly valued presents. W e are now offering you an opportunity to secure either sepia Photogravure or hand painted reproductions in oil color of "A Moment of Rest" and "Still Life" (BEE ILLUSTRATION) which, in a collection of over 200 paintings and drawings exhibited at the Lincoln Exposition held in Chicago, were awarded the Highest Honors in figure painting and still life, respectively, and won recognition in the Art columns of the Chicago Herald of August 29th and the Tribune of September 12 th, 1915. Attractively arranged on a mat 10"x 13" in size, they are suitable for framing for the home or for schools, clubs, etc. Prices: Photogravure, 25c. Hand Painted in Oil Colors, $2.00 By mail six cents additional. Special Terms to Agents. For Sale by the Artist, W. M. FARROW 6117 South Racine Avenue Chicago, Illinois THE CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER THE NEGRO AND HIS PROBLEMS New catalogue on request. For twenty years the Neale publications have been famous throughout the civilized world. Among them are books of history, bi ography, reminiscence, science, essays, politics, travel, fiction, poetry, religion, juvenile' and pure literature. T o this great library of literature important works frequently are being added. Our new catalogue will be sent postpaid on request. She Trod," "Where Animals Talk," "In an Elephant Fourth Thousand. In his "Autobiography of Sev The Facts of Reconstruction. By JOHN R. LYNCH. Corral, and Other Tales of West African Experienty years," the late Senator George F. Hoar of ences," and "My Ogowe." One of his more imMassachusetts says: "Perhaps, on the whole,'the ablest portant works is the translation of the Bible into the of the colored men who served with me in Congress Benga language of West Equatorial Africai But by was John R. Lynch of Mississippi." Lynch was made far his greatest achievement in literature, and the temporary chairman of the Republican National Con culmination of his varied literary activities, is this vention of 1SS4, and presided over that convention volume, "My Ogowe," which the publishers hold to during the whole of the first day and a part of the be the most important work of the sort yet published. second. He was nominated as temporary chairman It comprises more than 700 pages of text and 50 full-by Henry Cabot Lodge, and his nomination was sec page illustrations. Large octavo. $3.25 by mail. onded by Theodore Roosevelt and George William Curtis. After his term in Congress, Lynch served as The Black Man's Burden. By WILLIA M H. HOLTZ-Fourth Auditor of the Treasury. In this his first CLAW, Principal of the Utica Normal and Industrial book, written with extraordinary force and with unInstitute for the Training of Colored Young Men and usual clarity, he boldly justifies Reconstruction. $1.65 Young Women, Utica, Miss. With an introduction by mail. by Booker T. Washington. Illustrated. Third Thousand. $1.60 by mail. Chicago Tribune: "This book is perhaps the most important contribution which has been made by any Rochester Democrat and Chronicle: "In both subpolitical writer during recent years to the political ject and literary treatment Mr. Holtzclaw's book is a literature of the reconstruction era." monument to his race." Boston Globe: "An interesting contribution to the New Orleans Times-Picayune: "It is an interesthistory of American politics." ing study in Negro achievement and should be an inspiration to the young men and the young women of Racial Adjustments in the Methodist Episcopal that race." Church. By JOHN H. REED, D.D., K.C. With an introduction by Adna B. Leonard, D.D., LL.D. Boston Herald: "The book will stir the sympa$1.60 by mail. thetic emotions of its readers as his story stirred Bostonians when he told it here several years ago. Christian Recorder, Philadelphia: "The author is The story of this devoted young man is of intense an American Negro who has spent eight years in interest, not only as an account of great accomplishLiberia under the missionary society of the M. E. ment despite apparently overwhelming obstacles and Church. The book comes in at this time with more repeated discouragements, but as giving a close view than ordinary interest, for during this year most of of the character of the colored people of the far the lay colleges and conferences of the M. E. Church South, their shortcomings, their inherent virtues, and will discuss the subject of racial adjustment, espetheir ambitions." cially that relating to Bishops for races and languages. The book is filled with splendid idealism, and preTroy Record: "Mr. Holtzclaw is one of those sents a fine argument, which in this day of comprosplendid Negro leaders upon whom the hope of his mises for the present exigencies may not be heeded." race depends." My Ogowe. By ROBERT HAMILL NASSAU, M.D., Redder Blood. By WILLIAM M. ASHBY. The Negro S.T.D. For forty-five years a resident of Africa, in America has produced but little imaginative work pioneer and explorer. Dr. Nassau has contributed other than poetry. He has told his story by other largely to both science and literature. While in mediums, which seemed to him, perhaps, better than Africa he sent large ethnological collections to the fiction. Whether right or wrong in this view, unUniversity of Pennsylvania and to Princeton, and doubtedly the time is now ripe for Negro prose fic was the first to send a carcass of a gorilla to the tion, by Negroes, to be written in the English lanUnited States, and he supplied the only perfect goguage, and not the jargon known as Negro dialect. rilla brains to be examined by anatomists up to 1891, Mr. Ashby, a Yale man, is a Negro, and "Redder He is a member of various scientific bodies, includBlood" is a novel of his race, and of the present ing the Archeological Society of the University of time. Moreover, it is a story told for the sake of Pennsylvania, the National Geographical Society, the the story, and is not a treatise under disguise. The Pennsylvania Society of Scientific Research. Among novel is one of great merit, as a novel, and there his published works are "Crowned in Palmland," are situations in it that reach the acme of legitimate "Mawedo," "Fetishism in West Africa," "The Path dramatic intensity. $1.00 by mail. Wm . E. Chancellor, Ph. D., author of "The United States," in ten volumes; formerly lecturer in Johns Hopkins University and in the University of Chicago; formerly Superintendent of Public Schools in the District of Columbia- "The Neale Publishing Company today represents high-water mark in America for its historical works. Upon its list are to be found the best books upon each and every side of the common issues of our public life. Such is the authority of the list con sidered as an entirety as to lend lustre to each separate title, creating a presump tion in its favor. or r Order through 440 Fourth Avenue 70 Fifth Avenue THE NEALE PUBLISHING CO., or THE CRISIS, New York City New York City, Mention THE CIISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 99 THE NEGRO AND HIS PROBLEMS A prominent southern white educator in a letter to the publishers says: "Your policy of absolute fairness with regard to the Negro question, along with your sympathy for the South, make me wish to co-operate with you as far as possible." Says a prominent western colored educator to with the justice of your house. I see your great work in behalf of the Negro Negro Culture in West Africa. By GEORGE W. ELLIS, K.C.. F.R.G.S.; recently, and for eight years. Secretary of the United States Legation in Liberia; author of "Liberia in the Political Psychology of West Africa," "Islam As a Factor in West African Culture," "Dynamic Factors in the Liberian Situation," and other works. Profusely illustrated. $2.1 5 by mail. Pittsburgh Sun: "In this thorough study of Negro social conditions in Africa lies a revelation for those to whom the African Negro has meant only the savage. Here is revealed a social system, a religious tradition, a craftsmanship, and, most astonishing of all, a written language other than primitive. Especially interesting are the maxims and the fables translated from the Vai tongue, with their picturesque simplicity and ingenious wisdom." Boston Transcript: "In this study Mr. Ellis has given us an excellent and valuable contribution to the history of the Negro race." DR. ROBERT E. PARK in the Chicago Tribune: "In an introduction which he has written to Mr. Ellis's volume, Prof. Starr, who is an authority on West Africa, describes the Vai as 'a vigorous, energetic, enterprising' people, and he adds that 'no people of the west coast of Africa can better be taken as typical and showing what the African can do, either when (left to himself, or affected by outside influences.' This defines the peculiar interest of this volume. It tells us what a minute and isolated Negro people have done with the slight cultural resources that were at their command." The Negro Races: Vol. II. East and South Africans, with a Full Account of the Slave Trade. By JEROME DOWD. This is the second volume of Professor Dowd's series entitled "The Negro Races," and is devoted to the Negroes of both East an 1 South Africa, with a full account of the slave trade. The first volume of the series, "West Africans," was published several years ago. The third volume, "The Negroes of America," is now in the course of preparation. Professor Dowd, who is at the head of the Department of Sociology and Economics, University of Oklahoma, perhaps is the highest authority on the aspects of the Negro races of which he writes. Of the first volume Professor W. I. Thomas, of the University of Chicago, said: "I am greatly pleased with it. I think you have gone at the matter in an admirable fashion." Said Professor T. F. Jameson, Director, Carnegie Institute: "I can see especially the need of such systematic accounts of the sociology of the African." Professor Paul S. Reinsch, of the University of Wisconsin, wrote: "I have read it with great interest." The price of each volume of the series is $2.50 ; by mail, $2.65. the publishers: "I am deeply impressed often, and he never tires of speaking of in literature." Race Adjustment: Essays on the Negro in America. By KELLY MILLER, Dean of the College of Arts and Sciences and Professor of Mathematics, Howard University. Third edition. $2.1 5 by mail. Dallas News: "The author is a cultured man, a forceful and most pleasing writer, interesting from the first sentence of the first chapter to the close of the book." Chicago News: "The book is written with great ability, in English quite free from fault, and its logic is fairly inexorable. New York Evening Post: "As admirable for its calmness and good temper as for its thoroughness and skill." Independent: "There is no book which more fully and correctly represents the wishes and demands for equal recognition in civil and political rights than this volume." Out of the House of Bondage. By KELLY MILLER, Dean of the College of Arts and Sciences, Howard University. $1.65 by maiL Boston Transcript: "Written in a clear and decisive style, with a comprehensive and convincing command of the subject. He neither denounces nor condemns; he analyzes and constructs possibilities upon the fundamental basis of human nature. No man of his race has so sure a power of pruning the fallacies with passionless intellectual severity from the pernicious arguments of the prejudiced demagogues." Detroit Times: "Kelly Miller has the soul of an artist and an idealist. We cannot but be carried away with a splendid fervor for our Negro brother after reading Prof. Miller's book. It is as big as all outdoors and aims at a readjustment on the highest principles." New Orleans Times-Picayune: "Those who are interested in the study of the Negro cannot ignore this volume. With many of its conclusions we can by no means agree, but it points in favor of a revised judgment on certain questions connected with the position or achievements of his race." Race Orthodoxy in the South. By THOMAS PEARCE BAILEY. For many years Professor Bailey has studied southern social problems, particularly with respect to the relations of the Caucasian and the Negro races. He has held professorships in the University of California, the University of Chicago, and the University of Mississippi, and he now holds a professorship in the University of the South. Although a southerner, now engaged in educational work in the South, he has lived ten years in the North, and he has studied the Negro and his problems of every section of the United States. $2.15 by mail. Gen. Randolph K. Evans, U. S. A., Commanding the Department of the East, with headquarters at Governor's Island: "I appreciate the value of your work for American literature in general, and especially what you have done as a military missionary in publishing books, which many other publishers would have rejected, with a view to increasing military comprehension among our people,—tin important part of governmental knowledge in regard to which a great majority of our people sit in outer darkness and blissful ignorance." Order through Fourth Avenue 70 Fifth Avenue THE NEALE PUBLISHING CO., 440or THE CRISIS,  York City New York City New Mention THE CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Atlanta University Studies of the Negro Problems 18 Monographs Sold Separately Address ATLANTA UNIVERSITY CONFERENCE ATLANTA UNIVERSITY :: ATLANTA. GA. The Curse of Race Prejudice By James F. Morton, Jr., A. M. An aggressive exposure by an Anglo-Saxon champion of equal rights. Startling facts and crushing arguments. Fascinating reading. A necessity for clear understanding and up-to-date propaganda. Belongs in the library of every friend of social justice. Price 25 cents. Send order to JAMES F. MORTON, JR. 211 West 138th Street -:- New York, N. Y. "GLEANINGS FROM DIXIE-LAND" Ten poems by EFFIE T. BATTLE, A.M. "Mrs. Battle has an individual gift of melody." —Springfield Republican. "You owe it to your race to publish your poems in book form."—Editor, Southwestern Christian Advocate. "Verses are smooth, graceful, high-minded and clear, reverent to all truth, appreciative of all beauty and true inspiration."—George W. Cable. PRICE 25 CENTS. ADDRESS: OKOLONA INDUSTRIAL SCHOOL, Okolona, Miss. $25.00 PER WEEK may be made in commissions by parties handling "History of Negro Soldiers in Spanish-American War" combined with "History of the Negro Race." 400 pages, 50 illustrations. Price $1.25 net. Address: E. A. JOHNSON 154 Nassau Street NEW YORK Diet and Indigestion, Constipation, and the.more serious ills they lead to, cause so much needless pain and suffering, that Dr. John Harvey Kellogg has written a book, telling how such disorders may be avoided. Dr. Kellogg is the greatest living authority on diet and digestion. For nearly forty years, he has been Superintendent of the Battle Creek Sanitarium, where he has had opportunity to observe, treat and prescribe tor thousands of cases. What Dr. Kellogg tells you, therefore, is the result of experience. He deals with facts—not theory. His new book is called "Colon YOUNG'S BOOK EXCHANGE (GEORGE YOUNG) Novel Souvenir Post Cards Colored Authors and Books on Race Problems a Specialty. 13 5 W . 135TH STREET NEW YORK CITY The Negro in American History by JOHN W. CROMWELL Secretary American Negro Academy 296 pp., 35 chapters, 17 full page illustrations, full index and bibliography Price, $1.25; by mail, $1.40 Liberal commission to agents. Address: J. W. CROMWELL 1439 Swann Street Washington, D. C. , Latest Books by the Great Negro Preacher and Novelist, Dr. Thos. 11. B. Walker. The Unknown Man (Tom Dixo n answered) ; Bebbly, the Victorious Preacher, the Pastors' friend) ; The Presidents of Liberia. $1.00 will bring either of the books to you or send 50c and get all, and pay 50c monthly, until $3.00 has been paid, or send $1.50 with order for all three of these great books and save $1.50. Write today. NEGRO PRESS, 1150 Darwin St., Jacksonville, Fla. Christmas Present for the little folks. The A. B. C. of COLOR. Every child wants one since it is illustrated thruout with pictures of Negro children. This will be one of the means of creating that race pride which should exist. Single copies 15c. Liberal commission to agents. Address: O. A. Pierce &amp; Co., 224 W. Frambes Ave., Columbus, Ohio. See inside front cover for other books of great value Digestion Hygiene" and, in it, he tells you of digestive disorders, their causes and natural methods for their relief you may apply in your own home. Nearly 400 pages, with many illustrations, diet tables and instructions for exercise, rest and sleep. The regular price of this book in board covers is $2 but, to give the work widespread distribution, Dr. Kellogg permits an edition in library paper covers to sell for only $1. Order today. You take no risk. If not entirely satisfied, return book at once for prompt refund. Send order to— GOOD HEALTH PUBLISHING CO., 9412 W. Main St., Battle Creek, Mich. Mention TH E CRISIS 101 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER REGALIA A Race Enterprise Manufacturing Badges, Banners and Supplies for all Fraternal and Church Societies. Catalog upon request. CENTRAL REGALIA CO. Jos. L. Jones, Pros. N. E. Corner 8th and Plum Streets. Cincinnati. Ohio Geeee, 9 Men. Big Entertainer 163parlor trickes Games, 310 Jokes and Riddles, 73 Toasts, 16 Card Tricks, 4 Comic Recitations.3 Monologues,Check era. Chess, Dominoes, Fox and Morris. All 10 CENTS POST PAID. J. C. DORN, 709 So. Dearborn Street, Dept. 75. Chicago, Ill. WANTED : Position as stenographer by young man with excellent references. Willing, painstaking; moderate salary. "H. F. V." R. F. D. 6, Box 25-A, Taylor, Texas. Start a Mail Order Business and Make Money You can operate in your own home during spare time. The parcel post has opened up the doors of opportunity to YOU . Others are making $20 to $500 a week. Wh y can't you? By our method you can start with $5 and up. W e offer you thirty live, money-making mail order plans. You can make 95 cents profit of every dollar order. W e furnish circulars, printed matter and place your advertising at lowest rates. Send 10 cents for complete outfit. Do it today—Now! MAIL DEALERS WHOLESALE HOUSE 517 Dearborn Street Chicago, Ill. The new efficiency era calls TEACHERS for the modern way of selecting teachers, through a live agency that furnishes the connecting medium in a business way, saves time of school officials, relieves teachers of the embarrassment of job hunting and covers the whole country. W e have had calls for teachers from Alabama, Arkansas, Delaware, District of Columbia, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky, Maryland, Mississippi, Missouri, North Carolina, Oklahoma, Rhode Island, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia and West Virginia. Our list of teachers covers even a wider territory. THE MUTUAL TEACHERS' AGENCY 1403 New York Avenue Washington, D. C. THE NATIONAL TEACHERS' AGENCY Through us school authorities, without expense or delay, get into communication with the strongest and most carefully investigated teachers in all lines. Teachers who seek positions or advancement should register with us and avail themselves of our expert service. Prompt and courteous attention to correspondence. B. F. BOWLES, MANAGER, 2739 CONVERSE AVENUE EAST ST. LOUIS, ILL. SOUTHERN COLORED EVANSartpianos and Players at Wholesale! Free Trial Direct from mv factory to you. To introduce our Profit-Sharinjg plan, w e offer one in each locality at the rock-bottom, wholesale price—putting $20 0 In Your Pocket Artistic designs, exclusive features, scientifically built, producing wonderful tonal effects— the Acme of Perfection. UNLIMITED GUARANTEE backed by Three Million Capital. FREIGHT CHARGES ALLOWED. Easy payments—no interest—no extras. Stool and Scarf—Two Years' Course Piano Instructions Write Today, Be the First Free Story &amp;Clark Piano F. O. Evans Will You Introduce These Styles For Us. If You Get Your Suit FREE Here we go again. break ing all records, for new, nobby, ahead-of-the-time styles. Be thefirst in your town to wear a suit that is ahead of the time. Earn it while you wrar it;wesendthe suit complete; you can make big money too; there is $50 to $100 a Week in it for yon. Drop on a postal for cloth; k-tt Low you caa get Your Suit FREE Don't wait. Don't delav. Write right away. A postal will do. We send everythingtheday your request is received. We pay express1 on everything. Get bisy. simply send us a posetal with your name and address on it ParagonTailoring Co. Dept. 126 1 CHICAGO Wear Next Season's TEACHERS' AGENCY Formerly TEXAS COLORED TEACHERS' AGENCY 1025 Boll Street, DALLAS, TEXAS Recommends teachers to Colleges, Universities, School Boards and School Authorities. Write for information. R. O. GOTHARD, Manager Mention THE CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER LET US SHOW YOU HOW TO GET You LEGAL DIRECTORY Next Suit . „. Telephones: /Central 104-W \ Mai T u 61 n HARRY E. DAVIS FREE ATTORNEY-AT-LAW NOTARY PUBLIC 1607 Williamson Building Cleveland, Ohio Office L . D . Telephone 3297 Market Residence L . D. Telephone 5277-M Market GEORGE A. DOUGLAS COUNSELLOR-AT-LAW Rooms 613-614, Metropolitan Building 113 Market St., Cor. Washington, Newark, N. J. General Practice Notary Public WILLIAM R. MORRIS ATTORNEY AND COUNSELLOR-AT-LAW 1020 Metropolitan Life Building Minneapolis Minn. BROWN S. SMITH ATTORNEY-AT-LAW Offices: Suite 802 Sykes Block Near Third and Hennepin Minneapolis Minn. GEORGE W. MITCHELL ATTORNEY-AT-LAW 908 Walnut Street Philadelphia Pa. Tel. 5437 Fort Hill Cable Address, Epben EDGAR P. BENJAMIN ATTORNEY AND COUNSELLOR-AT-LAW 34 School Street Boston, Mass. Telephone Connection W. Ashbie Hawkins George W. F. McMechen HAWKINS &amp; McMECHEN ATTORNEYS-AT-LAW 21 East Saratoga Street Baltimore, Md. PERSONAL CARDS Telephone 5277 Morningside DR. GERTRUDE E. CURTIS SURGEON DENTIST 188 W. 135th Street New York City J. E. ORMES ACCOUNTANT Audits System! Business information by mail. Open for engagements July and August Box 25f Wilberforce University Wilberforce, O. AGENTS WANTED FOR W . T. McKissick &amp; Co's FAMOUS 90 DAYS TREATMENTS No. 1, No. 2 and No. 3 FOR SCALP, HAIR AND SKIN P. O. Box 102, WILMINGTON, DEL. Mention MADE TO YOUR MEASURE) Do yon want this swell suit? Want it for nothing Without a penny's cost? $30 to $40 would not buy a better one. Simply wear it, tell your friends where you got it—and Make$10to$15aDay taking their orders. It is dead easy. Yo u never saw a nobbier suit or a more stunning pattern. cut in Strictly Tango style (3 months ahead of the times). Your choice of 60 patterns and a dozen styles to choose from. Drop us a postal card for heavy pattern book, inside information about styles, self-measuring blanks, etc.-etc. DON'T WAIT. Everything FREE. Suit Delivered FREE Get ahead of other fellow. — Write this minute. Postal will do it. AMENICAN WOOLEN MILLS CO. Dept. 1251 CHICAGO FOOTWEAR FIT TO WEAR— B y Mail Fred Douglass Shoe for Men Phlllis Wheatley Shoe for Women Write for Catalog Mail Order Department FRED DOUGLASS SHOE CO., Newport, R. I. $2000 in 5 Weeks! Made by one Robinson salesman. You—yourself— can positively make $60 and expenses every week. I want men like you, hustling, energetic, ambitious fellows, anxious to make money, who are willing to work with me. Not for me, but with me. I want you to advertise, sell, and appoint local agents for the biggest, most sensational seller in 50 years—the ROBINSON FOLDING BATH TUB. Here's an absolutely new invention that has taken the entire country by storm. Nothing else like it. Gives every home a modern upto-date bathroom to any part of the house. No plumbing, no waterworks needed. Folds in small roll, handy as an umbrella. Self-emptying and positively unleak* able. Absolutely guaranteed for 10 years. Hustlers, east, north, west, south,—coining money. Orders, orders, everywhere. Badly wanted, eagerly bought, for remember, fully 70% of homes have no bathrooms. Immense profits for you. Two sales a day means $300 a month. Here's proof—real proof. Rev. Otto Schulze, Mo., got $1,600. Burkholder, Mont., orders $1,072 in seventeen days. Hamlinton, of Wyoming, made $60 first two days. Hundreds like that. Pleasant, permanent, fascinating work. This is not idle talk. Make me prove it. Write a postcard. Let me write you a long letter. Then decide. No experience needed, no capital. Your credit is good if you mean business. But you must be ambitious, you must want to make money. That's all. Write a postcard now. I want to pay you sixty dollars every week. H. S. ROBINSON, PREST., THE ROBINSON CABINET MFG. CO. 1578 Factories Building. Toledo, Ohio Canadian Address: Walkerville, Ont. TH E CRISIS Attention, Masons! A New Book of Interest to You Prince Hall and His Followers A carefully argued defense of the legitimacy of Negro Masonry in the United States, with notes and documents, by GEORGE W. CRAWFORD, 32° A graduate of Tuskegee, Talladega and Yale, formerly clerk of the Probate Court of New Haven and now a practicing lawyer there. Mr. Crawford is one of the best informed Masons in the country. COMMENTS From James F. Rikards, 33°, Most Puissant Sovereign Grand Commander, A. &amp; A. Scottish Rite: " 'Prince Hall and His Followers,' written by a scholarly Afro-American, presents to the Masonic world a treatise on the legitimacy of Negro Masonry that should be in the hands of every Mason seeking for Truth. The information contained in the chapter devoted to Prince Hall is alone worth to the young Mason the price of the book. Brother Crawford's ea6y and pleasing style creates in the reader a desire to complete the volume before putting the book out of his hands." From Henry A. Spencer, 33°, Grand Master and Grand Commander of Knights Templar of New York : "The book fills a long-felt want among intelligent Masons of our Race. To know that we are right, and to substantiate that fact by intelligent research and logical statements, is worth more to us than what the other fellow may say. This is what Brother Crawford's book does; and it should be in the hands of every Mason of our Race." From Jose H. Sherwood, 33°, Past Grand Master of Minnesota and Deputy Imperial Potentate of Shriners : "A very strong brief, letting forth plainly the legitimacy of Prince Hall Masonry, and, as well, a stern call to all Negroes to assume full pride in the happy possession of a Rite which can show such clear proofs of its contentions." From William H. Grimshaw, 33°, Past Grand Master of the District of Columbia and author of "A History of Colored Freemasonry": "I have read with great pleasure 'Prince Hall and HII Followers.' The book is well written, containing clear and convincing diction. The impartial accuracy with which the facts are marshalled makes the book a very valuable asset to Masons." Price One Dollar. Postage Extra. ORDER NOW AGENTS WANTED TH E CRISIS 70 Fifth Avenue :: New York A New Book by Dr. Du Bois THE NEGRO By W. E. BURGHARDT DU BOIS, author of "Souls of Black Folk," "Quest of the Silver Fleece," "Select Bibliography of the Negro American," etc. This is the authentic romance of the black man. It is a history of him at once scholarly, earnest and eloquent. He is considered from the earliest times, and the thread of his fascinating story is followed in Africa, America, and wherever else it has appeared. To look at the Negro against the background of his history is to see him in a light fairer than that in which most Americans have seen him. 256 Pages—3 Maps—Cloth Bound At the low price of 5 0 cents net—By mail 5 6 cents Dr. Du Bois's new book is the latest addition to a remarkable series of low-priced new books with which everybody should be come acquainted. THE HOME UNIVERSITY LIBRARY 94 volumes now ready Published by HENRY HOLT &amp; COMPANY, 34 West 33d Street, New York Is made up of new books by leading authorities. The editors are Professors GILBERT MURRAY, H. A. L. FISHER, W. T. BREWSTER and J. ARTHUR THOMSON. Cloth bound, good paper, clear type, 25 6 pages per ftf J-volume. Each complete and sold separately --50c. Net Postage extra "A growing wonder of enterprise and sound judgment. Each volume, entirely new, is furnished by an acknowledged expert; is brief enough and plain enough to be readable or even fascinating, scientific enough to be a condensed authority —and at the nominal price of 50 cents."—Hartford Courant. SOME SELECTED EARLIER VOLUMES: EVOLUTION By J. A. Thomson LATIN AMERICA By W. R. Shepherd THE FRENCH REVOLUTION VICTORIAN LITERATURE By Hilaire Belloc By G. K. Chesterton ROME By W. Warde Fowler GERMANY OF TODAY PROBLEMS OF PHILOSOPHY By Charles Tower By Bertrand Russell EURIPIDES AND HIS AGE NAPOLEON By H. A. L. Fisher By Gilbert Murray THE CIVIL WAR By F. L. Paxson UNEMPLOYMENT By A. C. Pigou Order through the publishers or through The CRISIS, 70 Fifth Avenue, New York