The Egoist , made Polished the 1st and 15th of each month. The Egoist AN   INDIVIDUALIST   REVIEW. Formerly the NEW FREEWOMAN. No. 12    Vol. I. MONDAY, JUNE 15th,  1914. Sixpence. Assistant  RICHARD ALDINGTON. Editors : LEONARD A. COMPTON-RICKETT. Editor: DORA MARSDEN. B.A. CONTENTS. Some Recent French Poems. 221 By Richard Aldington. Views and Comments. 223 Old Art and New Laughter. 227 By John Cournos. Allied Artists' Association. 227 By Henri Gaudier-Brzcska. Passing Paris.     229 By Saint Fiacre. Serial Story—A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man.   By James Joyce. 231 Wyndham Lewis,     By Ezra   Pound. 233 Revelations. 234 New  Books  on Art.    By   235 Huntly Carter. Correspondence. 236 Imagists. Justifications of Established Customs. Miss Pankhurst on Blindness. For my "Better" the Codfish. " Diplomacy " and a Pamphlet. The W. S. P. U. Treatment of Suffragettes.   Futurism. SOME RECENT FRENCH POEMS. By Richard Aldington. THE French continue to write poetry, to criticise it, and what is almost more astonishing, to read it, in spite of the apathy of the British public. I do not wish to be unjust to any unknown persons, but I believe I am right in saying that practically the only men in England who have sufficiently omnivorous habits to read all the modern French poetry published are Mr. F. S. Flint and Mr. John Gould Fletcher. Whenever I meet Mr. Flint I say to him, " Well, I've read the latest thing from Paris you told me about the other day," and he says, " My dear child, did I tell you to read that old-fashioned book? However, I'm afraid I can't stop now, because I have six new Fantaisiste authors, two volumes of Apollinaire and thirty-two other books by representatives of sixteen different schools to review by Saturday." You see, there is a great deal of poetry written in Paris nowadays. I am afraid I haven't Mr. Flint's amazing energy, so that the knowledge I have of these new poets is somewhat scrappy and is practically all derived from the reviews they are kind enough to send me. I wish they would send me more (French poets, please notice). It is thus impossible for me to pretend to write critically on the subject; the best I can do is to reproduce certain of the poems printed this year which have interested me. At the head I set this extremely fine poem by M. Luc Durtain. Tonneins. Arc-boutant pouce et index aux tempes, Une enorme proximite de main : La paume, pareille a une voute Semble molle comme un nuage, Avec creux, pentes, reflets bleus et rouges. —Au-dessus, trou : le ciel. —Au-dessous, l'herbe. —Et tout cela porte Par mon poilu avant-bras, colonne Qui plonge dans la terre universelle. J'ecarte un peu la main : comme elle change! Un digital fantome s'etire Quintuple hors de cinq autres et memes doigts Qui eux offrent Ceci de sur : qu'ils sont opaques. Je Tecarte encore, et la pose dans l'herbe Ma puissance de droite, tres concrete, Complete, simple. Au-dessus, entre les epis, D'une demi-lieue de toits la ville domine la Garonne. Plus haut, l'abime Informe d'une grande profondeur. Je me regarde des pieds au sternum et me vois Demesure, car je forme Tout l'horizon anterieur du monde: Rien que mon pantalon raye de noir Boit le fieuve entier. Vais-je, debout, La ville m'atteignant au flanc, Marcher geant   .   .   .  puis me sentir soudain (c'est justice) Diminue au premier regard d'homme? Ou bien, Ici, tel le nouveau-n^ venerable, Resterai—je noue par l'ombilic a un dieu? Luc Durtain. (From " Les Bandeaux d'Or," Jan., 1914.) I had an argument about this poem with a sculptor whose work might be called Post-Impressionist and is always called Cubist and is really neither. Really I have no idea what M. Durtain labels himself, or if he labels himself at all. He is certainly "modern"—like my sculptor—but none of the usual words seem to fit. But at any rate he has made an original poem out of a commonplace incident of real life. M. Durtain's book "Kong Harald" was reviewed last December in the "Mercure de France." Beyond that I know nothing whatever about him. M. Guy-Charles Cros is a Fantaisiste—I think I am right in saying that, though I don't remember - where I read it.   He published some poems in the February number of the "Mercure de France." Une Tristesse de Canape. Une tristesse de canapé embrume élégamment mon âme. —Je reprendrai un peu de thé à la prière de la dame. Mais, Dieu, pourquoi ces creux propos, pourquoi ces caquetages rares? On serait si bien au repos parmi ces bleus coussins épars. Et que veut-elle absolument que je lui mente avec tendresse? —Nous serons, tout a l'heure, amants si le désir trop fort t'oppresse. . . . Mais tais-toi encore un moment. Sur Les Quais. Grise la rue  et les maisons; la Seine roule un flot de boue. Que fais-je ici? Pourquoi, d'ailleurs, vouloir changer? Ah, je serais plus mal ailleurs. Mieux vaut rentrer. Les gens qui passent sont-ils plus gais? Ils n'ont pas l'air de s'amuser. —Dis donc, et toi? Guy-Charles Cros. (From " Mercure de France," Feb., 1914.) There is indeed a pleasant "fantasy" in his poems. M. Cros has admirably filled the gap left in French literature by the retirement of M. Laurent Tailhard. M. Cros is the poet of irony. He is slightly the poet of ennuie. He is probably a great man. From "Fantasy" to "Paroxysm"—truly a large bound—from gaiety and ironic carelessness to serious Whitmanisms on the subject of locomotion, labour and the new century. M. Beauduin is not without power, and in France he has succeeded in attracting a great deal of attention. Personally I dislike the length of his poems. I hate reading more than sixty lines of poetry on one theme. That is why I relish M. Cros' little pieces. L'Ame du Siècle Neuf. Tout le siècle immense se dresse Rouge de travail et d'ivresse. C'est l'aube d'une ère de feu Où tout l'humain s'érige et pressent Dieu. Lutte, lutte sans trêve. Le rêve fou s'ajoute au rêve, L'espoir naît des autres espoirs, Et le monde qui veut monter et non déchoie Hors du chaos et du difforme, Violemment déjà dresse sa face énorme. Quelque chose gronde et flamboie; Et tes murs, O Paris, s'ouvrent pour le passage Des siècles de science et des siècles de joie Des nouveaux ages.   &amp;c. Nicholas Beauduin. (From " La Vie des Lettres," April, 1914.) M. Beauduin has succeeded in rendering something of his age—but has he done it "in terms of the age"? I have had some little difficulty in selecting from poems to represent M. André Spire, whose works are the adornment of the "Effort Libre." M. Spire is one of the most invigorating of the writers of young France. Here are two admirable little impressionist pieces by him. Ligurie. Bleu de Prusse, Avec des moutons, La mer fuit devant le vent Sous les nimbus qui galopent. Dans le clos, sous les orangers, Les poules, en troupe, picorent ; Le chat joue dans les artichauts. Le barbet entre, gentil, gentil. Le chat se rase, les poules fuient ; La fillette pose sa pioche, Jette des pierres, tape dans les mains, Et gallope derrière le chien Qui derrière les poules galope. Provence. Le chant du coq, La grande respiration de la mer Et le ciel plein d'étoiles. Eh bien ! chante, poète ! Tu joins les mains. Tu pries ! Toi aussi ! Et qui donc? Quel dieu, parmi les dieux? Mais non, tu ne pries pas. Tu admire.   Tu pleures. Andre Spire. (From the " Effort Libre," May, 1914.) I have looked unavailingly for a poem to represent M. Georges Duhamel, M. Charles Vildrac and M. Romains. There seems to be none—at least in the reviews I have—which are not either too long or not quite worthy of their authors. One of M. Romains* novels has just been translated into English ; M. Duhamel and M. Vildrac are becoming slightly known in England. They will readily forgive my not quoting them, I am sure, so that I can give space to other lesser known poets. M. P.-J. Jouve has a very interesting personality. He renders a mood exactly and effectively, as witness this quotation from Paix de  Vivre. Des chaleurs gonflent.   Paix. Rien ne démentira la clarté d'être. Rien ne fuira.   Tout est donné Et contenu dans la limpidité humaine. Que trille un oiseau précis ! Qu'il soit midi ! Qu'un enfant courant Me fasse trembler d'air ! Que les confins du ciel Eclatent douloureux ! Il n'est plus d'anxieuse joie Qui soit perdue dans le vent. Il n'est plus de jeunes yeux Qui soient dénudés d'amour. Dans les glissements de la rue, Dans les repos vieux des toits, Dans la croissance de l'arbre, Et jusqu'en ces visages perdus, Se révèle en même temps Une grace sans paroles, Premier message de Dieu Qui ne voudra plus mourir ! P--J* Jouve. (From "Les Bandeaux d'Or," June, 1913.) It is a matter of regret to me that I have no copies of "Les Soirées de Paris" by me at the present moment. From what I can hear this review, edited by M. Guillaume Apollinaire, is one of the most up-to-date and interesting of the French journals. Happily one or two of the other revues quote from "Les Soirées de Paris." I take this poem from the notes in the March number of "Le Gay Scavior." La Tombe d'Henri Rousseau. Gentil Rousseau tu nous entends Nous te saluons Delaunay sa femme Monsieur Queval et moi Laisse passer nos bagages en franchise à la porte du ciel Nous t'apporterons des pinceaux, des couleurs, des toiles Afin que tes loisirs sacrés dans la lumière réelle Tu les consacres à peindre comme tu tiras mon portrait En face des étoiles Guillaume Apollinaire. (From "Les Soirées de Paris"?) It will be observed that M. Apollinaire has decided to dispense with punctuation, except in certain places. The result is rather pleasing, as witness this poem quoted by the "Mercure de France." ROTSOGE. Pour M. Ch. Ton  visage  écarlate  ton  biplan   transformable  en hydroplan Ta maison ronde où il nugt un hareng saur Il me faut la clef des paupières Hereuscment que nous avons vu M. Panodo Et nous sommes tranquilles de ce côté-là Qu'est-ce que tu vois mon vieux M.D. 90 ou 324 un homme en l'air, un veau qui regarde à travers le ventre de sa mère.   &amp;c. Guillaume Apollinaire. (From "Les Soirées de Paris," April 15, 1914.) The same number of this revue contains a poem called "Journal" by M. Blaise Cendras. I wish there were space to quote this remarkable piece of writing as well as the poem of M. Max Jacob of which I give the last few lines. Les souverains d'Angleterre Se rendent au Rialto Plus tard se félicitèrent D'avoir vu entre deux trains Le printemps à Aix-les-Bains. Je préfère au Rialto Mon logement rue Rataud, Je régale d'un air de danse Sur la flûte ou sur l'alto, Je le dis sans outre-cuidance, Mes voisins des hôpitaux Et les colliers de jais que sont les hirondelles. Max Jacob. (From "Les Soirées de Paris.") I regret that the typographical resources of The Egoist do not permit me to include any of the simultaneous poems of M. Barzun, M. Voirol and M. Divoire. These works may be studied in their journal,  "Poème et Drame." By way of conclusion I ask pardon of all those French poets whose works I have omitted to mention in this short anthology. If they will send me their revues I will try and repair the omissions in some future number. VIEWS AND COMMENTS. LONG years ago—five perhaps—there existed in Manchester a colony of suffragettes, real ones, faithful of the faithful, who sped to do Mrs. Pankhurst's will before she had well breathed  it forth.   And at the very kernel of the community was a tiny group which in its intimate moments and as an unholy joke called itself the S.O.S.   They were Sick of Suffrage, and meant nothing more than a scarce-whispered    weariness   at    the   interminable reiteration of threadbare arguments and probably a definite wearying of the unending donkey-work of the gutter and pavement.    As a joke it was considered quite enormous : but the element which gave it all the humour it possessed was that it was true, and by as much as it was true of the "true soldiers in the cause" in that springtime of the "movement" it can be safely gauged how much it was and has been true of those suffragists who reluctantly made themselves suffragists afresh because of all that "these brave women are suffering for the Cause."   If ever a generation were fed on seeming good food which refused to go down it is this female one which has had the "principle of the suffrage" thrust upon it as an urgent issue. The fact of the matter is that the modern suffrage "movement" has been only nominally concerned with suffrage : a fact doubly unfortunate for suffrage. Not only does the genuine impulse in the direction of a certain "something" fail to derive its force from the suffrage, but by filling a false position in the "Cause" the suffrage becomes embarrassed by an attention which is really fired by something else. By a bad misnomer the suffrage finds itself in the unenviable position of a makeshift thrust forward to fill the gap made by the non-appearance of a celebrity. Which explains how Mrs. Pankhurst has, unwittingly, led tens of thousands of women out on a wild-goose chase. She organised so exhilarating a hunt that the value of the quarry was taken for granted.   That the hunt was everything and the spoil next to nothing—the "good fight which justifies any cause" —unfortunately did not dawn upon her or them. The "suffragists on principle" whose interests in their principles was quickened with life only by Mrs. Pankhurst's "good fight," the "constitutionals," were left with the shell from which Mrs. Pankhurst's host had withdrawn the nut. These last were wisely "rejoicing by the way," leaving to the suffragists on principle the straining towards "an end" to be enjoyed when won. That Mrs. Pankhurst had struck her rich vein by accident and was only vaguely aware of what constituted her good fortune is of course amply shown by almost everything she has said, and likewise by most of what she has done in her personal relations with  her own devoted host.    She was as much deceived by  her  rallying-cry  of  Suffrage as  any constitutionalist   who   hastened  reluctantly  to  the "Cause" to claim her vested interest in it and challenge   Mrs.   Pankhurst's   large   utterances   in speaking in its name.    Moreover, it was the "vote" she wanted—not the "good fight."   The vote was necessary to her if she was to make herself count among the crowd of Labour-politicians, all scrambling to make themselves a position of importance out of the rich mud of politics.    Her lack of a vote placed so heavy a handicap on her that she was unable to make distances with men who were hopelessly her inferiors as politicians.   Mrs. Pankhurst was and is a politician.   All her interests are political as are Miss Pankhurst's.   But alongside only very ordinary intelligence she possesses a biting, enduring aggressive  temper—a  rare  feature  among  public women.   Miss Christabel Pankhurst's dramatic first arrest and  subsequent stupid  imprisonment (Miss Pankhurst is an enigma : no one knows what she is: she has lived in the public eye for eight years, she is setting well towards forty and has been known to express only two candid opinions :  one on Mr. Asquith and one on the White Slave Traffic.   One watches with interest for the third,) drew to them crowds of women too intelligent to be politicians : but  too  little  politicians to be a  match  for  the Pankhursts.   They combined like natural affinities. All women who thought at all considered their proposals seriously : the majority were prepared to give them support. Thereupon, the Pankhursts selected from the best available, what was necessary and then pre-themselves to be exclusive, since Mrs.  Pankhurst had her political axe to grind.   She required at the outset, for the sake of backing, women with money and with some capacity : when she had obtained these she drew the limiting line which would keep out women with accepted followings and too much ability : that is unless they came with ashes in their hair, repentance in one hand and passivity in the other. Then on the principle of the Eastern potentate who illustrated   the   practice  of  good  government   by lopping off the heads of all the stalks of grain which grew higher than the rest, she by one means or another rid her group of all its members unlikely by virtue of personality, conspicuous ability, or undocile temper,   to  prove   ilexible  material  in  the  great cause.   The gaps thus made she filled up with units of stock size.   These readjustments of course took time but there resulted no harm from that, for before the talented  or the conspicuous had  shown sufficient signs of restiveness to make it wiser to clear them oft", they were tractable enough to allow their talents to be exploited.   Thus all was grist to the mill and the "great cause" went marching on. As one learns from that mournful and monotonous institution,   the  suffrage-speech,   Mrs.   Pankhurst's nominal movement is not the first woman-suffrage movement.    There existed one before which fortunately fizzled out, and it is mainly those associated with this former genuinely-suffrage venture and their connections who remain the non-Pankhurst suffragists.   Their holding aloof is due partly to the fact that having questioned Mrs. Pankhurst's authority to speak in the name of the Suffrage movement, they roused that lady's implacable ire, and as we have   said   they   could   make   their   entry   into her ranks only  in abject terms.     On the other hand their policy of separation is partly explained by the feeling that they might very well regard the suffrage propaganda as a sort of vested interest of their own, and that if show and interest were to be made out of it, they might as well endeavour to share in the credit.    Hence they become as little willing to sink the goodwill of their tradition in Mrs. Pankhurst's organisation as Mrs. Pankhurst is willing to allow them to share in the authority over hers.    Two camps therefore—old and new, "constitutionals" and "militants," the former saddled with a white-elephant in the shape of worn-out un-trutsworthy, specious tricked-out arguments in favour of the "principle of woman-suffrage," who can rouse no feeling, but are given a respectful hearing from the people among whom conviction bites no sharper. And they can do nothing to help themselves.   They are afraid to try anything beyond the most superficial of arguments for fear of being entangled in the entire theory of Representative Government.   It is a sheer accident which the suffragists can merely deplore without being able to alter, that all the high hopes set a century ago upon the working of the Representative System should be finally petering out just as a few ardent women are waking up to the fact that the system exists and that they are not in it.   On the level of intelligence at which the suffragists tell their sad story they can get no effective opposition : their audience are not capable of thinking out just the right refutation of the plausibilities : on the other hand they cannot attract any mental force, and as for the crude emotional force, that goes straight past them to the militants.   Their least little sparkle is secured only when they manage to manœuvre themselves within the shine of their rivals' halos: a dubious manœuvre since they can never be quite sure in which regions these halos will shine as halos, and where as false lights. Moreover, they stand in danger of being warned off rudely, as Mrs. Pankhurst's band feels always that they are reaping unearned advantage: that their waste-land of dead suffrage propaganda has become valuable only through the fact that it lies adjacent to the centre of an interest with the creation of which their suffrage-principle has had nothing to do. This is the reason why for all suffragists who do not begin and end with, simply "the vote and Mrs. Pankhurst" there is a never-ending fluctuation. The suffrage argument, taken neat, is hopeless : broken-down beyond hope of putting together.   All that it can   hope  for   is   to   be   towed   along  the   track behind some interest which gets its supplies from another  source.    The commonest  way  is  to get behind the militant organisation : the societies which are non-militant but which are friendly to the militants are all of this order.   They are innumerable : their motives are identical : pledged to support a boring subject, they gravitate naturally towards the only visible halo, the only point at which interest seethes. They flirt with the militants—if they are only on good terms enough : the Actresses' Society, the New Constitutional, the "Fellowship," the Freedom League, the   Church   League,   the   Conservative   Women's League, and the rest.   The traditional society, Mrs. Fawcett's, is not sufficiently friendly : it therefore is left to make a different shift for itself.   It pledges itself to give the pious sniff and denounce the ways and works of its rival : that doesn't carry it far : then, it makes alliance with a very curious party : the   very   people   to   grapple   with   whom   Mrs. Pankhurst was inspired to make her bold bid for the vote : the party which by its ways and works has unconsciously added the last touch to the farce of representative government : the Parliamentary Labour Party. This makes a doleful combination and it is small wonder that they arc constantly on the look-out for "ideas" to stiffen things up a little.   The constitutionals would like to be, if they dared be, the "intellectual" party : unfortunately strict suffrage and intellect will not lie down together.    Their experience with the "White Slave" business will do something to teach them how wise was Mrs. Pankhurst in the early days when she directed all argumentation to be strictly  on  the vote,  and  nothing but the vote. "Give us the vote, never mind why, or we'll burn your house down if you don't "—that is the only safe argument intellectually speaking.   Deviate into this notion or into that, no matter what, and a watchful opponent will catch you out.     It was what happened when certain official English "constitutionals" were sufficiently ill-advised as to have truck with such a journal as the former "Freewoman."   Mrs. Humphry Ward promptly caught them out.   But for our own compunction at their woeful case, we might have enabled her to lay their twists and subterfuges barer than she managed to do by her unassisted observation.   Apparently, judging by our correspondence columns, a precisely similar episode is now being enacted in America.   If suffragists will accept our well-meant advice, they will postpone their thinking until they  feel less deeply  pledged  to their suffrage opinions.   The two together can only end in difficulties—for them.   They must be prepared to leave the one and cleave to the other : it is the price they pay for loyalty to be content to say as in the jingle "we want, we want, we want the vote," with as little as possible about " why " and " what for," We might here reply to the American correspondent who asks for a statement as to where the "Free-woman" (now the Egoist) stands in relation to woman-suffrage. Replying on impulse, we would say "Nowhere," since the suffrage is wholly a matter of indifference. We should, for instance, hear of the existence, of a Party Compact to withhold votes from women for an indefinite period with the same absence of feeling with which we should hear that the measure was to be put through next week. That as regards the "principle." As for the genesis and development of the Free-woman-Egoist : the 'Freewoman' marked the term of an emotion : the militant suffrage enthusiasm. It was a seeking for the seat of the illusion which is all-powerful while heat is in it : but which becomes quite ludicrously patent with a lowering of temperature. The zest there is in a good fight when one is in the mind for it explains something, but not, one felt, everything. There must be something besides the joy of a good fight to explain why men and women set out hot-headed after first one hunt and then another : the long list of good "Causes." The first clue led in the direction of the hypnotic words, the words saturated with the associations of the zeal of centuries for other—causes : Morality, Freedom, Right, Justice. The source of illusion lay perhaps in a misinterpretation of these : therefore re-interpret and illusion will vanish in "True Reality."   So! However, the closer scrutiny which re-interpretation of these words demanded promptly revealed that it was not re-interpretation they required : they had received interpretations enough and to spare : what was required was a comprehension of their nature and function and the confusing of intelligence to which their use led. The exposition of "The New Morality" turned into a study of the words Morality and Moral; the New Freedom, into an inquiry as to what one meant by being "Free." Far from being erratic the development of the Freewoman-Egoist has been in one unbroken line : a line of inquiry which has gnawed its way straight through difficulties where the "faithful," the "loyal" would have broken down or turned back. It is not a "new" morality which is required, but an understanding of the "moral" in order to put it in its proper place. (It is to be remarked that when the journal was gibbeting existent "morals" and proposing a new-set, it was called "immoral"—and was dearly beloved of the suffragists. When it limited itself to explaining what everyone means by "moral," and left both existent and new morality to find what status they were able, the cry of "immorality" ceased : and the love of the suffragists ceased with it. For the change was going to rob them of their thunder and at the same time burst their halos of self-conscious virtue.) Moral conduct, it became clear, was nothing more than the habitual conduct of the great majority : sometimes, hurtful habitual conduct, sometimes beneficial : requiring to be varied with time, person and place : above all it is varied by the intelligence of the person. The habit intensifies only for the unintelligent : and it is the dead weight of the latter's support which secures it respect. An intelligent man resists the habit and holds himself ready and alert for readjustment. To call him "moral," is to class him with the herd: to call him immoral, is to prejudge him : it may just suit him to fall in with the custom. Both descriptions for him are idle terms, indicating a silly and useless division, like water-drinkers and not. It is no use, since we all drink water at times, because it suits us, or it just happens. An intelligent man is moral and immoral in the same way. The "New Freedom" goes the way of the "New Morality." The term Freedom (foolishly objectivised, like Morality, Rights, and the rest), the term apart, an unswerving inquiry dissolved the glamour which hung about being "free." When we say "One is free to do" . . . whatever one may have in mind, we mean "One has the power to do" . . . such and such. We cannot be " freer " than we have power to be. So-called freedom is entirely a matter of power and popular speech about being free is merely confusion. To be aware of the confusion is a first step towards acquiring that which is essential—power. It prevents one wasting energy and breath claiming to be "free": that one needs to claim and cannot act as such, proves the absurdity of the claim. Such claimants are, in fact, asking for protection, i.e. that others should forego the exercise of their power in order to give them an appearance of power. Claims are the reproaches of the powerless : whines for protection. All the suffragists' "claims" are of this order, and it was to disentangle the journal from association with these and with the long list of whines, Free Speech, Free Love, Free Assembly and what-not, that "Freewoman" became Egoist, which title is a sign hung out above the seat of authority : the centre of power : the self. One has the "freedom" if one has the "power," and the measure of one's power is one's own concern. We must not leave the subject of suffrage without reference to militant affairs, since the periodic agitation which the press works up in the public mind is just now at its height.    The newspapers skilfully agitate the question as to which side appeal shall be made : and should both sides fail to respond, what shall be done.   We think it should be clear by this that it is waste of breath appealing to the militants themselves : as—by the way—it is idle to talk of the work   of   destruction   being   perpetrated   by   paid persons.   There would be just as much pertinence in saving that Mr. McKenna or the judges who convict the women are paid to do their jobs.   Nor is much likely to be done by attacking the society's funds. The newspapers could do far more by ignoring the whole subject : a procedure which would necessitate the spending of funds on forms of publicity now freely provided them by their censors.   To think that it will is to commit the childish error of under-rating an opponent.    To be sure, the Pankhursts are not sincerely trying to get a vote : but then they are quite sincere in trying at all costs to make something else secure : they are backing their prestige—their own policy because it is their own, quite apart from suffrage considerations,  exactly as a  man would shout on the horse on which he had put his money without regard to the racing merits of its rivals. In this they are so deeply sincere that they are able to give an air of sincerity to all they say and do : and it gives the explanation why strictly they cannot be accounted charlatans, although in the name of one thing they acquire and use up support which was given them on considerations quite other.   And as it is hopeless to appeal to the Pankhursts it is hopeless to appeal to any of their followers while the glamour of following is on them.     It has to be realised that after full deduction has been made for sensational appeals upon minds confused by swollen rhetoric  the  suffragettes  are  enjoying  themselves tremendously, and this in spite of the physical strain and horror and weariness.   Militancy has, in fact, in the emotional life of those upon whom it 'takes firm hold answered a want in the lives of woman which is all the more insistent because it is but rarely put into words.    Unless exceptional ability has opened up unusual avenues of interest, or unless they chance to be  under the  influence of  some  other  satisfying emotion, women are haunted with the vague realisation that they do not count much otherwise than passively : they feel non-responsible and unnecessary save as accessories.   Moreover, usually they are burdened with more undirected emotion than they can well carry—vague emotion continuously suppressed until it acquires the energy of a tightly-wound spring : and there is no prospect of securing its release save upon the initiative of some hypothetical person whose appearance even in imagination is still to make.   To young women, educated perhaps not much, but still more than the scope of their activities seems to have any call for, to young women of this sort, and there are thousands, pleasant, emotional, untrained and untried, the Pankhurst call comes, having in it almost the sound of the inevitable "Thou art the young woman."    Here is a sphere where she can count: action as simple as a child's with the ready flattery of the great leaders to put her easily among the line of the great. From Sappho to Jeanne d 'Arc or Jesus Christ—anywhere she chooses she becomes one with them. From being nobody among very ordinary somebodies she feels she has become a person among those who count :   name in  papers,  a celebrity :   government solemnly discussing how by stretching its powers to the utmost it can deal with her : a problem.   Secrecy, glamous, action, a cause, big phrases, leaders, she has carved out a niche for herself in the scheme of things.   And no more suppressed emotion.   Emotion stretches   itself   out   to   the   utmost :   there   is the  abandonment :  the  breaking  of  conventions : the   stretching   out   to   one's   full   height :   the touch of the "O Altitudo."     A very jolly time surely.    Far from being paid to live it, it is worth being paid lor.    The physical distress is an undercurrent : not wholly felt.   It will be felt later, when the emotion has died down, but neither the determination nor the endurance will fail, as long as the emotion   lasts.      It   is   plain,   therefore,   that the suffragettes cannot, neither leaders and followers, be appealed to.    We can take it for granted they are going to continue to the bitter end.   As an object of appeal there remains the government.   It is true that as far as the general public is concerned the pressure upon the government has never been so weak.   The government's stubbornness in this matter in former times has often seemed inexplicable : it is for the present, at least, quite explicable.   The women it is felt have tried bounce  unsuccessfully,   and it is a human commonplace that the reaction when bounce miscarries is always stubborn and unyielding.   Still, the  government   has   to   keep  in   view   the   fact that the public temper is very fickle.    That it is favourable to them to-day is no guarantee that it will be so to-morrow even should they follow the very course for which to-day it clamours.   And it is not easy for the government suddenly to become harsh when it has from its own point of view shown itself hitherto very sensitive.    It should have remained inflexible from the beginning if the cry "the law must be maintained" was to have any force.   The present Home Secretary inherits the results of Mr. Herbert Gladstone's "flexible" policy in 1909.   Otherwise it would have been easy considering the present state of public opinion to take the "heroic" course advised, i.e.  to let the sentences run their usual course : throwing the responsibility for what may happen on those who cause it to happen.  Moreover, in clamouring for a change of treatment of suffragists the public makes the mistake of imagining that there is only one question under consideration, whereas there are two.   First there is the question of punishment used as a deterrent and second there is the question as to what course can be expected to minimise the probability of further damage.   Now as a means of inflicting hardship the "Cat-and-Mouse" Act is certainly far better than the ordinary action of the law : for instance being subjected to resisted forcible feeding means greater suffering than being allowed to die if one really wants to.    By first setting the prisoners free and then again imprisoning them after a brief interval is very deadly simply because it is a wearing-down process and proportionately hard to bear.   It also tends to depress onlookers, whereas a death or two would make all the supporters of the "victims" feel that they were bound in honour and consistency "to do something" in order to make the tragic events appear less futile.    The "Cat-and-Mouse" Act is, as we have pointed out before, very good government indeed, well calculated with its waiting policy, depressing action and punitive features to break the strongest spirits.   As regards the prevention of further misdemeanours—the notion which is actually agitating the public mind—no government, an'd no act of any government, can prevent them. Government   rests   upon   an   assumption   that   it possesses    the   assent    of   the   governed,    and the    suffragettes    have    realised    so    much    of political reality as to be aware of that.   Against the  recalcitrant individual,  government  can  only defend  itself.     The power of government is built up from the acquiescence of the governed : which is why a people whining against its government presents so absurd a spectacle.   If a person is determined to do as he likes in a certain anti-lawful way,  the government is powerless to stop him.   It can only kill him, a fact which the government well knows. The disturbing element in this present situation is that it doesn't want to be connected with the killing of these women—for entirely sentimental reasons.   It is no good saying that it would treat men quite differently.   Of course it would.   It would treat them as men, but how can it treat women as men when they are women?   Men would,  in fact, never put themselves in a like position unless they knew that strong public feeling would be with them : they would never rely upon a kindly regard for their beautiful eyes to save them from the legal consequences of their acts.    Sir Edward Carson does not rely upon being soulful and of tender build when he defies the government.   But the women do.   It is, shall we say, humorous, that the crucial point about which the women have made their defiance of man-made laws turn should be just this ancient womanly one.   The hunger-strike is a gamble—heavy stakes laid on the certitude of men's chivalry towards woman.   That is why it is so strong a card.    Even if, in a fit of exasperated temper, it should happen to fail them just   now,    it   will   have   to   be   brought   into play   in   the   long   run   when   things   have   been allowed   to   get   a   few   degrees   worse.     Well then,  what?    It requires some spokesmen of the Order of Masculine Chivalry who realises the lie of the case to give the cue for action.   The person at whom the  Fates obviously are pointing is Mrs. Humphry Ward.    The rôle of the great Duke of Wellington is obviously destined for her : to advise a course which she distrusts and dislikes to put an end to a state of affairs which she dislikes and fears still more.   Her creed rests on the maintenance of men's Chivalry towards women with, in addition, the acknowledgment in deed and word of a reciprocal attitude in women towards men to make it possible. There now exists therefore a unique opportunity of offering to the world a perfect working model.   The anti-suffragist leader's most virulent opponents have in "Deeds not Words" actually hung the thread of their lives upon men's chivalry.   They have, as Mrs. Ward declared they would, by their failure to adopt the reciprocal womanly attitude, made the working of chivalry almost impossible.   The loss of their lives would merely demonstrate what can already be foreseen : the point at which exasperation brings chivalry to the breaking-point.    They have put themselves into the delicate and painful position of drawing too largely upon the fund of interested kindness, and someone would do well to extricate them : the someone by preference : a woman.   Mrs. Ward has her opportunity : that in consideration of the larger ideal of which her opposition to woman Suffrage is but a part,   she  waives  the  claims  which   the  present strength of those considerations has given the predominance   and   beseeches   the   government   anti-suffragists to combine with the government suffragists to put through without delay a non-contentious measure which will confer on these women the parliamentary vote.   If the womanly woman is returning, it would be fitting that her triumphal re-entry should be made in her best rôle :  the subtle, courteous, persuasive, kind.   Why not? NOTE TO READERS. After this issue of The Egoist my work in connection with the journal will be limited to that of contributing editor merely. The paragraphs which have appeared under the heading "Views and Comments" will be contributed by me as hitherto and with the next issue I hope to begin a series of articles on the "Philosophic Basis of Egoism." The paper will be edited by Miss Harriet Shaw Weaver, to whom in future editorial correspondence should be addressed at Oakley House, Bloomsbury Street, London, W.C. Dora Marsden. Old Art and New Laughter. THIS is a gay world, which does not mean to go to the dogs so long as it can go to art exhibitions. Do not jump to any conclusion, Reader of "The Times," if this happens to strike your eye, ror I do not mean what you mean.   On the contrary. I know that you had decided to spend your shilling yesterday—it seems like yesterday, though it is actually a year ago—at the Post-Impressionist exhibition at the Grafton Gallery, instead of spending it—as was your original intention—to see a farce at the music hall. I know you split your sides—vve should have been glad if it had been your he-id—before the works of Matisse, Picasso, Derain and Herbin, but you did'nt know that you had laughed at the joke before you had come to the point. For the point of the joke was to be seen the other day at a private view of an exhibition of academic masterpieces in the same gallery—the gallery which should be called "The Laughing" instead of "The Grafton." It was the opening of the twenty-fourth annual exhibition of the Royal Society of Portrait Painters. And the incredible thing was the number of laughing parties who had come to enjoy the show. Yes, people had come to laugh at the Royal Society of P.P.s. The solemnity which covered the walls was fit rather for tears than laughter. But there it was : people did come to laugh and with them came the man who went to deride the earlier show—and this time he laughed louder than ever. And all about the place one could hear criticism and semi-critical remarks, rather like these. A young man with American shoulders joined a girl standing before a portrait catalogued, "The Late Duke of Argyll, K.G., K.T., G.C.M.G., G.C.V.O." "It's a good one-man show," said the young man, apparently returning from a ramble through the galleries. "Do you mean one man painted all these things?" "Well, I don't say one man mightn't have painted 'em—there isn't much difference between 'em—but the man I mean has only one picture here an' it makes 'em all look like plugged dimes beside a twenty-dollar gold piece." I followed the American to a little dark room—the darkest and smallest and least conspicuous in the place—where almost by itself hung a picture by Alfred A. Woolmark. The picture is hung in the dark because it is called "In the Sun."   How did it get inside the R.S. of P.P.s.? In another part of the gallery a group stood in front of a superb example of "pastist" portraiture—John Collier's picture of three dogs, to say nothing of the man. A dispute arose as to whether Collier could possibly have painted such a masterpiece entirely by hand and entirely by himself. One of the party suggested that the painter only painted the dogs' legs and hired someone else—any likely person—to do the rest. "No," was the weary reply of the wearied critic, "no, Collier doesn't need to do that—he can paint as badly as anybody himself." And then I left. John Cournos. Allied Artists' Association Ltd. Holland Park Hall. By Henri Gaudier-Brzeska. IAM in a perilous position. I am on the year's staff of the association, an exhibitor and the personal friend of many artists who show their works. In some quarters I am supposed to write an official whitewashing account ; many readers will accuse me of self-adulation and praising of a sect—for all these people I have the greatest contempt. Sculpture. I specially begin with this virile art. The critics as a whole ignore it—place it always last—excusing themselves by the kind sentence : "It is not lack of good-will but lack of space which prevents me from," etc. etc. They also prate endlessly about sculpture being separated from her mother art : Architecture—poor child ! If they had not lost their manhood they would find that sculpture and architecture are one and the same art. On many occasions sculptors have erected buildings to place their statues. On many occasions artists like Epstein, Brancusi and myself would easily build palaces in harmony with their statuary. The architecture that would result would be quite original, new, primordial. A professional critic's mind cannot see beyond vile revivals of Greco-Roman and Gothic styles. A professional critic when organising a provincial exhibition catalogues the "group in red alabaster" of one man as the "group in white marble" of another—it proves their omniscience. The sculpture I admire is the work of master craftsmen. Every inch of the surface is won at the point of the chisel—every stroke of the hammer is a physical and a mental effort. No more arbitrary translations of a design in any material. They are fully aware of the different qualities and possibilities of woods, stones, and metals. Epstein, whom I consider the foremost in the small number of good sculptors in Europe, lays particular stress on this. Brancusi's greatest pride is his consciousness of being an accomplished workman. Unfortunately Epstein, who has been a constant exhibitor at the A.A.A. is absent this year. A work in marble by Brancusi is catalogued, but up to the present it has not arrived. It is a great pity, for I intended to dwell at length on the merits of this statue. The number of people who are at all furthering their sculptural expression is thus reduced to Zadkin and myself. Zadkin is contributing two works in wood—another in stone. I prefer the wooden head. We have here a composition of masses moving in three concentric directions. To be especially admired is the contrast of the deeply undercut hair mass to the undulated surface of the shoulders. This head would be a masterpiece were it not a little spoilt by a very sweet expression. The technique is beautiful—a quality of surface which is seldom seen in wood. The other wood "composition" is far less satisfactory—it is also sentimental, which spoils the general effect. We get in the stone group "Holy Family" the same heads again—in two instances but in very low relief—half the group is thus tinged with insipidity. A corner of it is well cut and very serene. On the whole Zadkin is pulled between a very flowing, individual conception of form—which some artists call "lack of form"—and which has the power of emanating great life—and a very strong liking for pretty melancholy—which bores me. Gaudier-Brzeska. I have on show "a boy with a coney" which has been referred to in these columns as an echo of the bronze animals of the Chow dynasty. It is better than they. They had, it is true, a maturity brought by continuous rotundities—my statuette has more monumental concentration—a result of the use of flat and round surfaces. To be appreciated is the relation between the mass of the rabbit and the right arm with that of the rest. The next is a bird. Unfortunately I now see that had the planes of the wings been convex and the forepart thicker the design would have gained in buoyancy and stateli-ness. The design in alabaster creates an emotion of distinguished melancholy. The design in green marble one of intense reptile life. The doorknocker is an instance of an abstract design serving to amplify the value of an object as such.   No more cupids riding mermaids, garlands, curtains—stuck anywhere ! The technique is unusual ; the object is not cast but carved direct out of solid brass. The forms gain in sharpness and rigidity. The rest of the sculpture is an agglomeration of Rodin-Maillol mixture and valueless academism—with here and there someone trying to be naughty: curled nubilities and discreet slits. Painting. Lewis's most important work had not arrived when I wrote this. I propose to write another article dealing with it and Brancusi's statue if it comes. Wyndham Lewis has made enormous progress in his painting. The two small abstractions " Night Attack" and "Signalling" are such very complete individual expressions that no praise is sufficient to adequately point out their qualities. These are designs of wilful, limited shapes contained in a whole in motion—and this acquired with the simplest means—ochres and blacks. Lewis's abstractions are of a decided type and their composition is so successful that I feel right in seeing in them the start of a new evolution in painting. Wadsworth is well represented by a "short flight": a composition of cool tones marvellously embodied in revolving surfaces and masses. His bigger picture, No. 113, gives more pleasure on account of the warmer pigments used and the construction: growing in a corner and balanced at the other by a short mass. Phelan Gibb is hung next to Wadsworth, which makes its poor amorphism and lack of design appear the more. A really poor kind of abstraction half-way between Kandinsky and Picasso of the early stages. Kandinsky presents an "improvisation," a "picture with yellow colouring," and a third, No. 1559. I have been told that he is a very great painter, that his lack of construction is a magnificent quality, that he has hit something very new. Alas, I also know all his twaddle "of the spiritual in art." I agree that these colours—set free, so to speak—have an effect of mirth. This is a very slight emotion nevertheless. My temperament does not allow of formless, vague assertions, "all what is not like me is evil"; so is Kandinsky. A. de Souza Cardoso comes nearer to my feelings. He has as much colour as Kandinsky and of a richer kind in his "musicien de nuit." Whereas Kandinsky always uses the same palette—at least in his works here—Cardoso tones it down to a perfection in his "jardinier," a jewel of warm blues agitated in a fresh motion. Karl Hagedorn offers the worst instance of feelingless abstraction—no emotions; no art. Nevinson, a futurist painter. It is impressionism using false weapons. The emotions are of a superficial character, merging on the vulgar in the "syncopation"—union jacks, lace stockings and other tommy rot. The coloured relief is at least free from this banality —yet there are ciphers and letters—and though the whole is in good movement I do not appreciate it. People like Miss Dismorr, Miss Saunders and Miss Jones are well worth encouraging in their endeavours towards the new light. With them stops the revolutionary spirit of the exhibition. Before dealing with the rest of the paintings I make a digression among applied art.   The Rebel art. centre has a stand. The Omega Shops have the lounge. The Rebel stand is in unity. A desire to employ the most vigorous forms of decoration fills it with fans, scarves, boxes and a table, which are the finest of these objects I have seen. The spirit in the lounge is one of subtlety. I admire the black and white carpet—the inlaid tables and trays, the pottery. The chairs, the cushions and especially a screen with two natural swans and the hangings of patched work irritate me—there is too much prettiness. Happily the Rebel stand shows that the new painting is capable of great strength and manliness in decoration. Though I am not wholly in sympathy with the other painters, I feel it my duty to point out that the rest of the hall is shared by two sections—one composed of able, convinced men admiring natural forms only—and the other of poor academic imitators whose efforts cannot be classified as art even. There is a transitional body—men starting from nature and getting on the verge of the abstract. WoLMARK. His two negroes handling carpets make a fine composition. The not so violent colours as usual, the good workmanship, and intensified drawing make of it his best work so far. His smaller "negro" of duller tones yet, is also very successful. Wolmark argues that his representation helps to receive the emotion purported by the design. This is a difficult question—it must be candidly said that this form of art can co-exist with absolute abstraction and fill one with pleasure. Miss Rowley Leggett in her reclining woman shares apparently the same view. Her colours are fresh and transparent, and as the expression, the human interest at large is very secondary to the composition I like it very much. Horace Brodzky sends an able "still life" and a "portrait"—the colours are very warm but here I feel the representation to have become the primary quality. A fault of which I accuse the painter is of preferring harsh contrast.   A quality I find is his great frankness. Miss Hammett cares much about representation. It is very interesting to see a portrait of Zadkin, the wood-carver. In this work there are great technical qualities of paste and drawing—more amplified in the other portrait—where carefully chosen blacks and violets create a very distinguished effect. I see from the qualities of the "women composition" that the affinities of this artist are coming nearer to a preference for abstract design. Mme. R. Finch has a good portrait. The greens and reds are finely tempered by the qualities of the face. I recognise here a greater talent than I have ever met in a woman artist. The "Reginald" unhappily does not rank so high as this masterly little head. Then come the artists more or less closely bound with the Camden Town Group. Mme. Karlowska has a good picture—a happy composition of figures in a half-circle—figures of secondary importance to the composition—and a great relief with it, the absence of pink atmosphere. Bevan has "horses"—also an original composition—crossing the surface of the picture at an angle with two contrary movements balanced by a globular crowd.   I believe greater enjoyment would be derived from its colours and arrangement had Bevan done away with the notion that he saw horses and men. Gilman works very solidly. His "Norwegian Scene" has a fine construction. The colours are fresh, the effect very natural and spontaneous, the technique accomplished. GlNNER possesses very much the same qualities in his works —his manner of working Ts not so loose—he loses by it in spontaneity ; he gains in completeness. I am very sorry to say that I don't agree with these two painters' ideas of realism—and grieved to see no hope for them. Passing Paris. THE subject being frequently prominent in these columns I may perhaps be allowed to somewhat overstep the boundaries of my province by quoting that short-worded and model historian Montesquieu—model because he criticised, besides recording—on favouritism and the distribution of wealth in democratic states. True it is that Montesquieu is of the dead past and the people who are frightened to look back for fear of being turned into pillars of salt if they do so may resent his authority in questions of moment—though to meet with a modernist's approval it is only necessary to go back far enough. But those who think that what was wisdom yesterday is so also to-day—though that which may appear wisdom to-day may prove to be folly to-morrow—those who do not believe in time, change, progress except in quite a relative and limited sense, may consider the following passages as pertinent in 1914 as they were when written in 1734: "The tyranny of a prince no more exposes a state to ruin than a republic's indifference to the general welfare. The advantage of a free state is that its revenues are better administered, but when they are not the advantage of a free state is that there is no favouritism : but when such is not the case and that, instead of the friends and relatives of the prince, the fortunes have to be assured of the friends and relatives of all who take part in the government, everything is lost ; here laws will be eluded with more danger than they are violated by a prince, who, being the state's first citizen, has most interest in its preservation. ... In the state governed by a prince, divisions are easily overcome, because he holds a coercive power over the two parties ; but they are more lasting in a republic, because the evil usually affects the very power which might cure them." "What is called unity in a political body is a very equivocal thing ; the right one would be an harmonious unity through which all parts, however opposed to each other they might appear, contribute to the general good—as dissonances in music contribute to general harmony. There may be unity in a state when there seems to be only disorder; that is to say a harmony resulting in happiness, which is the only peace. It would be as with the different parts of the world, eternally bound to each other by the action of these and the re-action of those." When the form of a government has been long established and that things have assumed a certain character, it is nearly always advisable to leave them as they are, because the often complex and unknown reasons to which the state owes its perpetration hitherto will ensure its further maintenance : but if the entire system is changed it is only possible to remedy in theory the disadvantages presented while others are left which alone practise can ascertain." No one more swiftly than Montesqiueu discerned the moral to be learnt from a lesson or expressed it in more striking and laconic terms. Thus this passage epitomising the cause of the Romans' victory over the Carthaginians : "In Rome, which was governed by laws, the people left the direction of the affairs of state to the senate. But in Carthage, which was governed with abuses, the people wanted to do all itself. Carthage, which fought with its riches against Roman poverty, was, for this very reason, at a disadvantage : to gold and silver comes an end, but virtue, tenacity, strength and poverty are inexhaustible." In an article in the "Journal"—whose faits divers must be a terrible incitement to crime—M. Urbain Gohier, one of the most useful journalists in France to-day, deplores the ever-increasing cost of criminal legislature and the wilful apathy of the government with regard to the spread of alcoholism—the main cause of degeneration in France and its colonies. Certain it is that twenty years ago the working-classes of France were a sober people. To-day most distinctly they are not. This the most superficial observer can see for himself without reference to the appalling statistics. Last month Mlle. Léontine Zanta was the first woman in France to take her degree as doctor in philosophy, while just before her, Mile. Duportat was the first to be named doctoresse ès lettres. Mlle. Zanta graduated with a remarkable study on the Renascence of Stoicism in the 16th century and commentaries on the French translation of Epictetus published in 1567 by André de Rivaudeau, while Mile. Duportat was successful with a thesis on the history of art. In "Le Temps Présent" M. Georges Le Cardonnel has the courag'e to assign his proper rank to M. Paul Claudel, one of those unfortunate martyrs we were speaking about the other day who are killed by admiration before their death—the earliest period at which admiration ought to be distributed without reserve.   For everyone bows down in worship before the author of "L'Echange," recently produced at the Theatre du Vieux Colombier, and other estimable works.   He has become the emblem of literary respectability—a banner round which rally people with the most diverse creeds and ambitions.    Even those who cater for the "boulevard" now admire him because, no doubt, he does not compete with their particular line of trade, thus they appear to march with the times and "genuine" literature. Then there are "the cunning who sing in all choirs and howl  with all wolves";  again,   politics  and religion, each and together, contribute to the favour enjoyed by M. Claudel.   There are those, also, who seem to be mystically affected and fall into a kind of ecstatic trance as soon as his name is pronounced. Others, instanced by M. Le Cardonnel, try to justify, in Claudel's works, their own errors and abortions, their own  incomprehension  of  French genius—all such who think that genius commences with the horror of symmetry and reserve, and are enthusiasts not of the qualities presented by this writer but of the features which are odious to those whose criticism is free from other than purely artistic motives, who will not admit that the fact a work is like nothing that ever preceded it is not in itself a virtue, since all great works are precisely reminiscences of something which they renew and continue.   "A great French work," writes M. Le Cardonnel, "appeals to all the ancestors we have in us and who also claim satisfaction ;   and   it  is  only  when  they  are  that  we shall be satisfied.   The French of 1914 are not the fruit  of  spontaneous  generation."     A  play  like "L'Echange"  "appeals,  perhaps,  to the  intelligence, demanding, as it does, an effort to discover the symbol hidden under the verbal flow   .   .  .  but not for a single moment does it arouse disinterested pleasure or give aesthetic gratification," For a reason difficult to discern—though a guess may be ventured—the French reviews generally allow more  space  to  criticism  of  the  drama  than  to that of the other arts.   It is a problem because the stage seems to any intelligent and practical mind an almost obsolete art.   To this, however, few people will agree though all admit that it is in as bad a way commercially as it is artistically.   Never has the theatre been more superfluous, never has such a pother been made round it.   New playhouses are opened daily, whole newspapers and magazines are devoted to theatrical enterprise and altogether a kind of wild and entirely vain activity surges about its atmosphere. The stage provides the best career for women and one of the best for men.   Only playwrights and the raison d'être of the theatre are lacking to make it prosperous.    We thought there was a public but this, too, we are informed, is found wanting. Nothing can drag people to the theatre any longer except a free ticket.   Writing about M. Antoine's departure from the bankrupt Odéon, M. Le Cardonnel says—also in "Le Temps Présent"—the Paris public takes no interest in any efforts whatever, made to edify or entertain it, save those of boxers.   His comparison between the failures in the theatrical world and those in the publishing trade may interest readers who think everything is always more satisfactory abroad than at home.    The causes are the same, but the consequences differ in this sense that the failure to revive the dramatic art does not prevent playwrights from making fortunes at the cost of managers and shareholders while in the sphere of books the slump affects   alone   authors—publishers   thrive.     M. Le Cardonnel attributes the dramatic inertia to misleading because interested press criticism and the absence of an élite.     The plain fact that there are more theatres and  actors than are wanted  is probably nearer the truth.   M. Le Cardonnel says himself that the main reason of the theatre is to present powerful foreshortenings   of   synthetical,   typical   character. This answers a puzzling question, namely the object of the theatre after the invention of the printing-machine and spread of democratised education, while it defines the limitations of dramatic art confirming the theory that demands are made on it beyond the scope of its possibilities or purpose. While the drama is, it appears, at its lowest ebb, not for years has there been such a drought in literary productions of any value. Mr. Baptiste von Helmholtz, in his despair with English writers, would fall back upon French books, meanwhile the best the French publishers can do, apparently, is to give us reprints of classics and translations after English authors. One of the finest in the former class is Rousseau's "Confessions" (to which have been joined the "Rêveries d'un Promeneur Solitaire") after the autograph MS. at Geneva accompanied by the variations shown by the MS. preserved in the library of the Paris Chamber of Deputies, edited with notes by Ad. van Bever (Georges Crès et Cie., publishers; 1ofr. 50). This, as the preface informs us, is the very first edition in absolute conformity with the original MS., all previous editions having either been incorrect reproductions of the MS. given by Thérèse Le Vasseur to the Convention or singular mixtures of the two, the latter and the one at Geneva. The Petitain edition, hitherto considered the best, contains mistakes and (intentional) omissions. "When one recalls," writes M. van Bever, "how ill Rousseau's memory has been served by those in whom he had placed his trust, by those who professed to revere his name, one would fain conclude that this man, who has been held up as persecuted and mad, was, in reality, the victim of an inexorable fate. The written word, when not even the actual facts, proves that, after having been deceived by his friends, misunderstood or basely criticised by the adversaries of his opinions, the betrayal of his admirers was also to be his lot." The exquisitely printed letter-press is accompanied by reproductions after beautiful old prints, while a complete index of bibliography and nomenclature, together with M. van Bever's numerous scholarly notes, make of this publication—which is in a handy, portable size—not only a work of art but a standard work of reference. "Jean et Louise," the innocent title of a book by a peasant called Antonin Duserre, discovered by Mme. Marguerite Audoux, and which first saw the light of day in an English version by the translator of "Marie-Claire," has only just been published in its original language by the firm of Calmann-Lévy. It is not necessary to read this book to know what it is like—which does not mean it is worthless. "Le Séducteur" (Fayard) is Mme. Gérard d'Houville's fourth and last novel. The daughter of José Maria de Hérédia and wife of Henri de Régnier continues to write as she should and her preface to this story of life in Cuba in the fifties is very promising. The rest of it is not as good as were her earlier novels—written for the love—or the fun—of writing, but this being written for the sake of filling a saleable volume, it is distinctly inferior to "L'Inconstante," "Le Temps d'Aimer," and "Esclave." A gentle, pliable creature, not caring to battle with the more harassing phases of life—and in this hers resemble the dilletantesque tastes of her husband—Mme. d'Honville is charming when puerile, tender and amorous. These are not very substantial qualities with which to feed a number of novels, consequently she is soon exhausted and has to resort to padding. But there are some pretty and less fatigued pages of which this is among the freshest : "Tout de suite, c'étaient des sentiers de fleurs qui conduisaient à la montagne, mais on ne voyait pas encore leurs couleurs et on ne sentait pas encore leurs parfums ; un léger brouillard, léger comme le voile de Silvina, flottait sur les plaines allongées, haleine de cette heure unique, car le ciel est toujours sans nuages. Cette vapeur de l'aube, fraîche, à peine humide et mollement suspendue comme les mouvants hamacs des esprits aériens, s'élève peu à peu en ondulant au-dessus de la terre endormie et semble, ainsi, les rideaux flottants dont se protège encore son matinal repos. Dans l'enveloppement des écharpes brumeuses, les arbres se dégagent des limbes de l'aube; une sorte de frissonnement circule en frémissant de la terre aux racines et des herbes aux insectes, et monte des végétaux jusqu'aux oiseaux. Le brouillard infini devient d'un blanc vivant, puis tout rose, d'un rose de coquillage, de pétale, ou de pied de déesse; vision fugitive et dont les yeux des hommes ont à peine les temps de s'éblouir. Puis il ne se dissipe pas, ce brouillard : il n'est plus. . . . D'un seul trait, le soleil l'a bu, d'une aspiration si intense et si subite qu'on n'a pu le voir se déchirer ni s'évanouir. Et le soleil est là, invincible, dans tout son épanouissement enflammé, gigantesque et divine fleur des tropiques célestes. Il rayonne et resplendit dans le ciel entièrement rose. L'horizon embrasé est un vaste champ de roses....La terre rafraîchie est jeune comme aux premiers jours du monde, et la nature heureuse s'étire et ressuscite, dans l'allégresse, dans la lumière et dans un océan d'odeurs." And a number of humorous or sensitive touches like these : "Je veux, criat-il, que Dieu me la rende. "Ne blasphème pas, Panchito bien-aimé ; ne blasphème pas ; incline toi devant les volontés du Christ. "Mais il a la Sainte Vierge," balbutiait l'enfant dans une crise de larmes amères ; "qu'avait il besoin de Mamita, ma Mamita à moi; à Panchito, qui suis seul, tout seul, tout seul !" "Sa main encore si petite, était ouverte, la paume en l'air, sur la dentelle. Il semblait attendre ainsi, dans son sommeil confiant et doux, que la destinée lui apportât confin son aumône et mît, clans cette petite main, ouverte, la consolation et l'apaisement, a défaut du bonheur unique qu'elle lui avait repris si tôt et si avarement." On the whole,  nothing to compromise a good literary reputation and little that will add to it. Saint Fiacre. A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man. By James Joyce. IT was towards the close of his first term in the college when he was in number six. His sensitive nature was still smarting under the lashes of an undivined and squalid way of life. His soul was still disquieted and cast down by the dull phenomenon of Dublin. He had emerged from a two years' spell of reverie to find himself in the midst of a new scene, every event and figure of which affected him intimately, disheartened him or allured and whether alluring or disheartening filled him always with unrest and bitter thoughts. All the leisure which his school life left him was passed in the company of subversive writers, whose gibes and violence of speech set up a ferment in his brain before they passed out of it into his crude writings. The essay was for him the chief labour of his week and every Tuesday, as he marched from home to the school, he read his fate in the incidents of the way, pitting himself against some figure ahead of him and quickening his pace to outstrip it before a certain goal was reached or planting his steps scrupulously in the spaces of the patchwork of the pathway and telling himself that he would be first and not first in the weekly essay. On a certain Tuesday the course of his triumphs was rudely broken. Mr. Tate, the English master, pointed his finger at him and said bluntly : —This fellow has heresy in his essay. A hush fell on the class. Mr. Tate did not break it but dug with his hand between his thighs while his heavily starched linen creaked about his neck and wrists. Stephen did not look up. It was a raw spring morning and his eyes were still smarting and weak. He was conscious of failure and of detection, of the squalor of his own mind and home, and felt against his neck the raw edge of his turned and jagged collar. A short loud laugh from Mr. Tate set the class more at ease. —Perhaps you didn't know that, he said. —Where? asked Stephen. Mr. Tate withdrew his delving hand and spread out the essay. —Here. It's about the Creator and the soul. Rrm . . . rrm . . . rrm. . . . Ah! without a possibility of ever approaching nearer. That's heresy. Stephen murmured : —I meant without a possibility of ever reaching. It was a submission and Mr. Tate, appeased, folded up the essay and passed it across to him, saying : —O . . . Ah ! ever reaching. That's another story. But the class was not so soon appeased. Though nobody spoke to him of the affair after class he could feel about him a vague general malignant joy. A few nights after this public chiding he was walking with a letter along the Drumcondra Road when he heard a voice cry : —Halt ! He turned and saw three boys of his own class coming towards him in the dusk. It was Heron who had called out and, as he marched forward between his two attendants, he cleft the air before him with a thin cane, in time to their steps. Boland, his friend, marched beside him, a large grin on his face, while Nash came on a few steps behind, blowing from the pace and wagging his great red head. As soon as the boys had turned into Clonliffe Road together they began to speak about books and writers, saying what books they were reading and how many books there were in their fathers' bookcases at home. Stephen listened to them in some wonderment for Boland was the dunce and Nash the idler of the class. In fact after some talk about their favourite writers Nash declared for Captain Marryat who, he said, was the greatest writer. —Fudge! said Heron.   Ask Dedalus.   Who is the greatest writer, Dedalus? Stephen noted the mockery in the question and said : —Of prose do you mean? —Yes. —Newman, I think. —Is it Cardinal Newman? asked Boland. —Yes, answered Stephen. The grin broadened on Nash's freckled face as he turned to Stephen and said : —And do you like Cardinal Newman, Dedalus? —O many say that Newman has the best prose style, Heron said to the other two in explanation ; of course he's not a poet. —And who  is  the  best  poet,   Heron?  asked Boland. —Lord Tennyson, of course, answered Heron. —O, yes, Lord Tennyson, said Nash.   We have all his poetry at home in a book. At this Stephen forgot the silent vows he had been making and burst out : —Tennyson a poet !   Why, he's only a rhymster ! —O, get out ! said Heron.   Everyone knows that Tennyson is the greatest poet. —And who do you think is the greatest poet? asked Boland, nudging his neighbour. —Byron, of course, answered Stephen. Heron gave the lead and all three joined in a scornful laugh. —What are you laughing at? asked Stephen. —You, said Heron. Byron the greatest poet! He's only a poet for uneducated people. He must be a fine poet ! said Boland. —You may keep your mouth shut, said Stephen, turning on him boldly. All you know about poetry is what you wrote up on the slates in the yard and were going to be sent to the loft for. Boland, in fact, was said to have written on the slates in the yard a couplet about a classmate of his who often rode home from the college on a pony : As Tyson was riding into fcrusalem He fell and hurt his Alec Kafoozelum. This thrust put the two lieutenants to silence but Heron went on : —In any case Byron was a heretic and immoral too. —I don't care what he was, cried Stephen hotly. —You care whether he was a heretic or not? said Nash. —What do you know about it? shouted Stephen. You never read a line of anything in your life except a trans or Boland either. —I know that Byron was a bad man, said Boland. —Here, catch hold of this heretic, Heron called out. In a moment Stephen was a prisoner. —Tate made you buck up the other day, Heron went on, about the heresy in your essay. —I'll tell him to-morrow, said Boland. —Will you? said Stephen. You'd be afraid to open your lips. —Afraid? —Ay.   Afraid of your life. —Behave yourself ! cried Heron, cutting at Stephen's legs with his cane. It was the signal for their onset. Nash pinioned his arms behind while Boland seized a long cabbage stump which was lying in the gutter. Struggling and kicking under the cuts of the cane and the blows of the knotty stump Stephen was borne back against a barbed wire fence. —Admit that Byron was no good. —No. —Admit. —No. —Admit. —No.   No. At last after a fury of plunges he wrenched himself free. His tormentors set off towards Jones's Road, laughing and jeering at him, while he, half blinded with tears, clenching his fists madly and sobbing. While he was still repeating the Confiteor amid the indulgent laughter of his hearers and while the scenes of that malignant episode were still passing sharply and swiftly before his mind he wondered why he bore no malice now to those who had tormented him. He had not forgotten a whit of their cowardice and cruelty but the memory of it called forth no anger from him. All the descriptions of fierce love and hatred which he had met in books had seemed to him therefore unreal. Even that night as he stumbled homewards along Jones's Road he had felt that some power was divesting him of that sudden-woven anger as easily as a fruit is divested of its soft ripe peel. He remained standing with his two companions at the end of the shed listening idly to their talk or to the bursts of applause in the theatre. She was sitting there among the others perhaps waiting for him to appear. He tried to recall her appearance but could not. He could remember only that she had worn a shawl about her head like a cowl and that her dark eyes had invited and unnerved him. He wondered had he been in her thoughts or she had been in his. Then in the dark and unseen by the other two, he rested the tips of the fingers of one hand upon the palm of the other hand, scarcely touching it lightly. But the pressure of her fingers had been lighter and steadier : and suddenly the memory of their touch traversed his brain and body like an invisible wave. A boy came towards them, running along under the shed.   He was excited and breathless. —O, Dedalus, he cried, Doyle is in a great bake about you. You're to go in at once and get dressed for the play.   Hurry up, you better. —He's coming now, said Heron to the messenger with a haughty drawl, when he wants to. The boy turned to Heron and repeated : —But Doyle is in an awful bake. —Will you tell Doyle with my best compliments that I damned his eyes? answered Heron. —Well, I must go now, said Stephen, who cared little for such points of honour. —I wouldn't, said Heron, damn me if I would. That's no way to send for one of the senior boys. In a bake, indeed ! I think it's quite enough that you're taking a part in his bally old play. This spirit of quarrelsome comradeship which he had observed lately in his rival had not seduced Stephen from his habits of quiet obedience.   He mistrusted the turbulence and doubted the sincerity of such  comradeship which  seemed  to him  a  sorry anticipation of manhood.    The question of honour here raised was, like all such questions, trivial to him.    While his mind had been pursuing its intangible phantoms and turning in irresolution from such pursuit he had heard about him the constant voices of his father and of his masters, urging him to be a gentleman above all things and urging him to be a good Catholic above all things.   These voices had now come to be hollow-sounding in his ears.   When the  gymnasium  had  been  opened  he had  heard another voice urging him to be strong and manly and healthy and when the movement towards national revival  had begun  to be  felt  in  the  college yet another voice had bidden him be true to his country and help to raise up her language and tradition.   In the profane world, as he foresaw a worldly voice would bid him raise up his father's fallen state by his labours and,  meanwhile, the voice of his school-comrades urged him to be a decent fellow, to shield others from blame or to beg them off and to do his best to get free days for the school.   And it was the din of all these hollow-sounding voices that made him halt irresolutely in the pursuit of phantoms.    He gave them ear only for a time but he was happy only when he was far from them, beyond their call, alone or in the company of phantasmal comrades. In the vestry a plump fresh-faced Jesuit and an elderly man, in shabby blue clothes, were dabbling in a case of paints and chalks. The boys who had been painted walked about or stood still awkwardly, touching their faces in a gingerly fashion with their furtive fingertips. In the middle of the vestry a young Jesuit, who was then on a visit to the college, stood rocking himself rhythmically from the tips of his toes to his heels and back again, his hands thrust well forward into his side pockets. His small head set off with glossy red curls and his newly shaven face agreed well with the spotless decency of his soutane and with his spotless shoes. As he watched this swaying form and tried to read for himself the legend of the priest's mocking smile there came into Stephen's memory a saying which he had heard from his father before he had been sent to Clongowes, that you could always tell a Jesuit by the style of his clothes. At the same moment he thought he saw a likeness between his father's mind and that of this smiling well-dressed priest : and he was aware of some desecration of the priest's office or of the vestry itself, whose silence was now routed by loud talk and joking and its air pungent with the smells of the gasjets and the grease. While his forehead was being wrinkled and his jaws painted black and blue by the elderly man he listened distractedly to the voice of the plump young Jesuit which bade him speak up and make his points clearly. He could hear the band playing The Lily of Killarney and knew that in a few moments the curtain would go up. He felt no stage fright but the thought of the part he had to play humiliated him. A remembrance of some of his lines made a sudden flush rise to his painted cheeks. He saw her serious alluring eyes watching him from among the audience and their image at once swept away his scruples, leaving his will compact. Another nature seemed to have been lent him : the infection of the excitement and youth about him entered into and transformed his moody mistrustfulness. For one rare moment he seemed to be clothed in the real apparel of boyhood : and, as he stood in the wings among the other players, he shared the common mirth amid which the drop scene was hauled upwards by two able-bodied priests with violent jerks and all awry. A few moments after he found himself on the stage amid the garish gas and the dim scenery, acting before the innumerable faces of the void. It surprised him to see that the play which he had known at rehearsals for a disjointed lifeless thing had suddenly assumed a life of its own. It seemed now to play itself, he and his fellow actors aiding it with their parts. When the curtain fell on the last scene he heard the void filled with applause and, through a rift in a side scene, saw the simple body before which he had acted magically deformed, the void of faces breaking at all points and falling asunder into busy groups. He left the stage quickly and rid himself of his mummery and passed out through the chapel into the college garden. Now that the play was over his nerves cried for some further adventure. He hurried onwards as if to overtake it.    The doors of the theatre were all open and the audience had emptied out. On the lines which he had fancied the moorings of an ark a few lanterns swung in the night breeze, flickering cheerlessly. He mounted the steps from the garden in haste, eager that some prey should not elude him, and forced his way through the crowd in the hall and past the two Jesuits who stood watching the exodus and bowing and shaking hands with the visitors. He pushed onward nervously, feigning a still greater haste, and faintly conscious of the smiles and stares and nudges which his powdered head left in its wake. When he came out on the steps he saw his family waiting for him at the first lamp. In a glance he noted that every figure of the group was familiar and ran down the steps angrily. —I have to leave a message down in George's Street, he said to his father quickly. I'll be home after you. Without waiting for his father's questions he ran across the road and began to walk at breakneck speed down the hill. He hardly knew where he was walking. Pride and hope and desire like crushed herbs in his heart sent up vapours of maddening incense before the eyes of his mind. He strode down the hill amid the tumult of sudden-risen vapours of wounded pride and fallen hope and baffled desire. They streamed upwards before his anguished eyes in dense and maddening fumes and passed away above him till at last the air was clear and cold again. A film still veiled his eyes but they burned no longer. A power, akin to that which had often made anger or resentment fall from him brought his steps to rest. He stood still and gazed up at the sombre porch of the morgue and from that to the dark cobbled laneway at its side. He saw the word Lotis on the wall of the lane and breathed slowly the rank heavy air. —That is horse piss and rotted straw, he thought. It is a good odour to breathe. It will calm my heart. My heart is quite calm now.   I will go back. [To be continued.) Wyndham Lewis. MR. WYNDHAM LEWIS is one of the greatest masters of design yet born in the occident. Mr. Lewis has in his "Timon" gathered together his age, or at least our age, our generation, the youth-spirit, or what you will, that moves in the men who are now between their twenty-fifth and thirty-fifth years. It is no easy matter to express the Zeitgeist nor even immediately to comprehend it when we find it laid forth before us in word or in diagram. The "man in the street" cannot be expected to understand the "Timon" at first sight. Damn the man in the street, once and for all, damn the man in the street who is only in the street because he hasn't intelligence enough to be let in to anywhere else, and who does not in the least respect himself for being in the street, any more than an artist would respect himself for being hung in the Royal Academy. But the man whose profoundest needs cannot be satisfied by Collier or by Mr. Sargent's society pretties, the man who has some sort of hunger for life, some restlessness for a meaning, is willing to spend six months, any six months, in a wilderness of doubt if he may thereby come to some deeper understanding ; to some emotion more intense than his own ; to some handling of life more competent than his own fumbling about the surface. So it is amply worth while taking half a year to get at the "Timon," fumbling about, looking at Matisse and Cezanne and Picasso, and Gauguin and Kandinski, and spoiling sheet after sheet of paper in learning just how difficult it is to bring forth a new unit of design. As there is poetry which is creation and not merely a spreading of Keatsian decoration over different but similar surfaces, so is there design which is creation and not merely applying the formula of Manet to different vistas. So one throws these two accompanying blocks at the spectator. The flying harp and the tom-cat or whatever it is. One throws them with the same confidence and with the same indifference that Giotto sent back his circle to the pope or whoever it was who wanted a sample of workmanship. Maestria is evident in small works as in great ones. If you cannot see the control and skill and power in these two designs, God help you. "But what are they?" "What is it?" etc. When Ruskin was telling Oxford and the wives of the Oxford dons about the effects that could only be got with the pallet-knife, Pater was learning "that all the arts approach the conditions of music." It is therefore to be expected that lovers of mediocrity will object to any art that attains to the conditions of music. The rabble and the bureaucracy have built a god in their own image and that god is Mediocrity. The great mass of mankind are mediocre, that is axiomatic, it is a definition of the word mediocre. The race is however divided into disproportionate segments : those who worship their own belly-buttons and those who do not. There are some of us who do not need to be told that it is a nasty thing to marry off a young girl to a diseased old gentleman whom she dislikes, and who therefore have no need, no profound spiritual need of Mr. Collier's presentation of that fact. If a man have gathered the force of his generation or of his clan, if he has in his "Timon" expressed the sullen fury of intelligence baffled, shut in by the entrenched  forces of stupidity,  if he have made "Timon" a type emotion and delivered it in lines and masses and planes, it is proper that we should respect him in a way that we do not respect men blaring out truisms or doing an endless embroidery of sentiment. In Mr. Lewis' work one finds not a commentator but a protagonist. He is a man at war. He has, in superlative degree, a sense of responsibility and of certitude. He does not declare gaily that the intelligence can exist without aid of the body. He declares sombrely, if you will, but indubitably that the intelligent god is incarnate in the universe, in struggle with the endless inertia. Our life has not the pageantry of Waterloo to give us a send-off for the beginning of a new "Chartreuse de Parme." This is no cause for complaint. From the beginning of the world there has been the traditional struggle, the struggle of Voltaire, of Stendhal and of Flaubert, the struggle of driving the shaft of intelligence into the dull mass of mankind. I daresay one's own art seems always the hardest. One feels that Mr. Lewis has expressed this struggle. One feels that in literature it is almost impossible to express it for our generation. One has such trivial symbols arrayed against one, there is only "The Times" and all that it implies, and the "Century Magazine" and its likes and all that they imply, and the host of other periodicals and the states of mind represented in them. It is so hard to arrange one's mass and opposition. Labour and anarchy can find their opponents in "capital" and "government." Rut the mind aching for something that it can honour under the name of "civilisation," the mind, seeing that state afar off but clearly, can only flap about pettishly striking at the host of trivial substitutes presented to it. One's very contentions are all in the nature of hurricanes in the traditional teapot. The really vigorous mind might erect "The Times," which is of no importance, into a symbol of the state of mind which "The Times" represents, which is a loathsome state of mind, a malebolge of obtusencss. And having done so, some aesthete left over from the nineties would rebuke one for one's lack of aloofness. I have heard people accuse Mr. Lewis of lack of aloofness, yet Mr. Lewis has been for a decade one of the most silent men in London. Whenever a man finds the accepted media of an art insufficient or unsuitable for expressing his particular content, and having found them inadequate develops new media of his own he is accused of "trying to attract attention" by strangeness. Any man who uses a means of expression which Lord Haldane cannot understand must naturally be trying to appeal to Lord Haldane's particular mentality. I have also read in some reputable journal that one shouldn't use irony in England, because it wouldn't be understood. Therefore I will not use irony, I will say quite squarely and openly that Mr. Lewis is a great artist. I suppose that I am writing for the few people who no longer expect one to argue about cubism and expressionism. I suppose that everyone save Sir Claude Philips has ceased to take Picasso as a joke. I sit here at my typewriter with two little black designs on the wall before me ; they give me pleasure. I have here also the design out of "Timon," marked act III., and a Japanese print which is curiously cubist. Plenty of people admire the latter and I am at a loss to know why they cannot admire the former. I have also another "full-sheet" black and white design out of the "Timon," the one with the big circular arrow, and that seems to me the strongest of them all, the one that has most moved me to this rhapsody. I think if anyone asked me what I mean—not what I mean by any particular statement, but what / mean, I could point to that design and say "That is what I mean" with more satisfaction than I could point to any other expression of complex intense emotion. I mean that Mr. Lewis has got into his work something which I recognise as the voice of my own age, an age which has not come into its own, which is different from any other age which has yet expressed itself intensely. We are not les jeunes of "The thirties" nor of "the nineties" nor of any other decade save our own.   And we have in Mr. Lewis our most articulate voice.   And we will sweep out the past century as surely as Attila swept across Europe.   We can therefore be content to live in our own corner, and to await to be pleased by the deaths of survivors of an age which we detest.    That is not, I suppose, a courteous remark but it is a quite true one.   Whatever energy may have been in the Victorian age,  and whatever may have been the virtues of distinct individuals who reached towards ours, it is certain that the voice of Victorianism is now only the meowing of understrappers and subeditors and survivors and that one need not profoundly mind it.   It is an annoyance to see waterlogged minds in administrative positions, but it is no more than an annoyance.   It is a bore that the present members of the Royal Academy cannot go with their works to Buenos Aires and New Zealand, aid that space and air should be occupied by the remnants of divers aesthetic movements.   We who are not yet thirty or forty are ineffably bored by these anomalies.   There is no reason why we should not say so, or why we should not deride young men who still prowl among the marcescent remains.   All of this boredom and derision and so on, being quite distinct from the very sincere respect we feel for any man of ourselves who brings great art to the world, and very distinct also from the respect which we feel for great artists who expressed the life of their times in the past.     This is not futurism.     The futurists are evidently ignorant of tradition.   They have learned from their grandfathers that such and such things were done in 1850 and they conclude that 1850 was all "the past."   We do not desire to cut ourselves off from the past.   We do not desire to cut ourselves off from great art of any period, we only demand a recognition of contemporary great art, which cannot possibly be just like the great art of any other period. At no time in the world has great art been exactly like the great art of any other time. A belief that great art will always be like the art of 1850 is Pastism," a belief that great art will always be like the art of 1911 is "futurism." One hopes that one is not afflicted by either of these diseases. One hopes that one likes Confucius, and that one has faith in a sort of germinal perfect. It is one of the hardest things in the world to say anything sensible about works of art at all. Mr. Lewis has said what there was to say. He has expressed great things in the "Timon." He has presented cool beauty in his later "Portrait of a typical English Woman." There is no doubt whatsoever about his mastery over his craft. One can only stand by and say "Credo," and the cursed thing is that one cannot make even the statement of one's belief in the form one would like to make it. One can't "get the punch" into one's article, because of "the pressure of time," from the sheer and damnable fact that if "I," in the present case, take time to go back and rewrite this article in the way, or in approximately the way, it should be written, it means a shortage in my accounts. Ezra Pound. Revelations. "Poetry in Germany has a very ancient history."—Times Literary Supplement. "Tennyson's art and craft for long forbade Mr. Catty ' new effort.' " (One column to Mr. Catty.) —Times Literary Supplement. "Poets, like Pierrots, indeed, in the days of their youth should think no longer than a minute at a time, at any rate while with pen in hand."—Times Literary Supplement. "An Englishman, even if at times he can mouth the formulas of democracy, tends to accept the assurances of the highly born and still has a sneaking belief that what he reads in a newspaper must be true." —Times Literary Supplement. " Fortunately, however, it is not necessary to decide what a lyric is or is not in order to appreciate it or to judge it ; and although Mr. Lees has not, we think, led off very well, the rest of his volume contains a sound and workmanlike account of the principal German lyrical poets and of their work." Model of sentence construction from—Times Literary Supplement. "These are only spots in the sun."—Times Literary Supplement. "There is one consolation in the prospective German empire in Mesopotamia—which might have been an English one if General Francis Chesney's Euphrates scheme had been adopted eighty years ago—and that is that archaeological exploration is sure to be liberally encouraged." Example of fluidity from—Times Literary Supplement. "Labour should be less dangerous and more democratic than a monopoly controlled by a section of Capital." —Times Literary Supplement. Coming on. "It has been said that doctors when they write well write very well ; and Dr. Raymond Crawfurd writes very well." (Fine opening, but why not begin with the words "Dr. Raymond," &amp;c.?) "Dr. Crawfurd stops at 1800." Excellent! "The Prophet himself knew the allurement of the desert, the thirst for the camel's milk, and warned his followers that this  'passion for milk will lead you to abandon the centres of reunion and to return to nomad existence.' " —Times Literary Supplement. "Russian letters have regained their pristine purity." —Times Literary Supplement. "Besides being,' as the title indicates, an attempt to prove the transcendent merits of orthodoxy, it is really a comprehensive review of all the great works on religion, a digest of all the great systems of philosophy and an exhaustive analysis of the human soul." —Times Literary Supplement. "For too many people the cooking of breakfast in the early morning is peevish work."—Times Literary Supplement. "The whole book, in truth, is like an essay on the good will of the human family, a sort of study that goes to prove how real goodness is inherent in most people, which is an agreeable theme in itself, all the more to be commended because it is carried out with a certain graceful acceptance of the Dickens tradition." —Times Literary Supplement. "One shudders slightly to read such phrases as 'we are no mopes, I hope,' or 'they became simply round-headed,' or to imagine a woman exclaiming 'Don't you understand that I am entirely through with you' to a man who has told her that "he no longer loves her."—Times Literary Supplement. "Lucille is a heroine worthy of love."—Literary Criticism in The Times. "He sees that this question of Church versus Dissent is one of the great problems of the day."—Times Literary Supplement. "The book is worthy of its publishers."—Times Literary Supplement. "THE BROAD HIGHWAY." Times Literary Supplement advt. (? or confession). New Books on Art. IF evidence is needed to prove the seriousness of the renewed inquiry into the origin, nature and meaning of Art, it may be found in more than one book of recent publication. We know that the motive-power behind the inquiry is propelled forth from the artist himself. It lies in his unrest, in his reassertion of a right to free inquiry in a world of experience created by a renewed faith. Whether this spiritual faith has been derived from the failure of science, the discovery by philosophy of the highest Reality, or is the answer to the appeal to the artist's own inner experience, does not matter here. But it is worthy of special observation that the inquiry born of this faith is distinguished from all other inquiries, pretending to Art-inspiration, by increasing insight, and enlarging views requisite to keep alive this faith in the mind of the artist. So in befitting detail and by a series of stimulating answers to the eternal questions that ask so loud and persistently for true answers it urges home the point of the present position, that the kingdom of Art is a spiritual one. Unless we be spiritually minded we shall in no case enter therein. Accordingly to the questions, What is Art? What is the essential form that secures the continuity of Art? What is the Artist? it replies, (1) Soul, which all human beings have in common each after his own individuality. (2) The result of tangible mobile intuitions of the activities of Soul. (3) Simply a self-subsisting soul providing the key to its own mysteries. Readers who accept these answers will turn with interest   to   "The   Art   of   Spiritual   Harmony" (Constable) by Wassily Kandinsky, one of the leaders of a Munich group of "painters, poets, musicians, dramatists, critics, all working to the same end—the expression of the soul of nature and humanity." This book not only makes a remarkable contribution to the said inquiry, but denotes the wonderful change of attitude of the advanced artist towards art.   It consists of two parts.   In the short explicit trans-later's introduction Mr.  Michael T.  Sadler posits Kandinsky   as   the   logical   development   of   "the spiritual and technical tendencies of one great branch of Post-Impressionism," namely, Gauguin's, just as Picasso is that of another branch, Cezanne's.   Both have achieved the "final abandonment of all representative intention."    In the succeeding 100 pages Kandinsky expounds his "philosophy," confesses his faith, and posits himself   as   an   arch   primitive-symbolist carrying on the Byzantine-Giotto-Gauguin primitive symbolist tradition.    By tradition he means something founded on emotional continuity and not a long chain of outward forms.   Thus it is plain that his faith though old in its nature is new in what it implies to moderns.   If it tells Kandinsky that Art is the same thing which  has kept  artists going throughout time, it is above good and evil, timeless, permanent and eternal, to him it also means that Art passes through the world as a flux of spirit and its essential forms are those which fix the continuity of the flux.   Aware of this implication, he is able to distinguish the one non-representative class of artist from the other, the Naturalists from the Symbolists, those that subsist partly on themselves and partly on Nature and seek to harmonise their feelings with outward forms, from those that are self-subsisting and seek to express an inner or spiritual harmony. And he is able to find his own place and purpose with the latter.   As a spiritual harmonist he aims to keep himself pure from the material world, to illuminate only his inner feelings, to reveal the magic music of an infinite universe of sound in symbolical colour.   I have not space to examine his analysis of colour and his unwise attempt to formulate a common language of form and colour.   For my present purpose it will be sufficient if I only show that Kandinsky has written a book which readers must accept as containing the most daring and revolutionary among present-day aesthetic theories of spiritual import. Three plates show Kandinsky drawing- towards a conception of painting- as sound-form. Mr. Clive Bell's "Art" (Chatto &amp; Windus) also contributes materially to the inquiry.   Apparently the book incarnates the big emotion of the first London Post-Impressionist exhibition whose interest is now completely   overshadowed   by   Neo-Realism,   Neo-Cubism and other recent growths.   Mr. Bell felt this emotion and straightway started in quest of an experience to explain it.   Thus he came to formulate two hypotheses—aesthetic and metaphysical. His aesthetic guess is, a work of art is the result of a primitive desire   to   satisfy   an   "aesthetic   emotion."     An "aesthetic emotion"  is produced by  "significant form" (meaning Plato's essential form).   Therefore a work of art is the expression of "significant form." So  in   turn   a  work   of  art  provokes   "aesthetic emotion."   These facts he proceeds to trace in works of art from the earliest period to the latest.   In consequence the postulate of his whole book is that art is "significant form."   It is easy to see where Mr. Bell agrees with and differs from Kandinsky.    The latter is aware of a double chain of tradition an occasional link of which appears to view.   He divides the chain and places one part, the Symbolist, up in heaven  and  the  other,   the   Naturalist,   festooned between heaven and earth.   Mr. Bell sees only the Naturalist claim and reveals the primitive-symbolists, the Byzantine Mosaicists and Cézanne alike laying hold on if at the highest points of its "slopes." Kandinsky considers Art as spirit.   Mr. Bell, on the other hand, considers it as frame or form; unlike Kandinsky he does not try to determine what spirit is not—namely it is not Nature—or he would understand that spirit is not to be confused with the repre-sentable forms of Nature.   The fault of his provocative book is that it does not fully discover the eternal stream of grace nor reveal the artist with the stream in  his  heart  invoking aesthetic experience  in  its profoundest forms. It represents Art as a provocative agent external to man and not as a power seated in the human soul. A difference of method is observable when Mr. Haldane Macfall conducts the inquiry. It is the same question which he sets out to ask but he answers it not the same. So we find a fine animation sweeping through his sumptuous and redoubtable book "The Splendid Wayfaring" (Simpkin, Marshall) and a Meredithian air of gallantry ; for the author is engaged in the great adventure. There is Art to be rescued and the dragon to be slain is fettering convention. Apparently in writing his book Mr. Macfall has been moved by the question, What is it that blossoms into a work of Art? To him it is not form, significant or other, but something different. In his search for a "root" he goes to "Life." By "Life" he means a universal force which is always seeking to translate itself into its human equivalents. In his first chapter he traces this force sweeping from stage to stage till finally it reaches its height in man. Then as soon as man is superior to all other animals Art arises ; for Art is necessary to man as a means of communicating sensation. Listen to this, "Art is our sensed means of communion with our fellows." But surely a "sensed means of communion" is not peculiar to man and therefore Art, as Mr. Macfall defines it, must be common to the whole animal and vegetable kingdom. However the thing of capital importance in Mr. Macfall's book is his conflict with the dragon which he pursues both in the studio and theatre. The conflict is well known for Mr. Macfall was one of the first of the moderns to pierce the dragon in its vulnerable part. I have only space left to state as briefly as possible the intentions of the following publications and writers. Mr. Victor Branford's "Interpretations and Forecasts" (.Duckworth) is an able exposition of a conception of human sociology by one to who^e great ability the sociological movement in England owes if net its inception at least its initial organisation. Three papers reveal the author "In the Theatre" setting forth ideas and ideals such as the Greeks and Middle-Agers beheld in their visions. It is noticeable that the Sociological Society of which Mr. Branford was once hon. secretary has not discovered the theatre as yet. The Sociological Review continues to draw from the fleeting facts of sociological politics and not from those permanent to the soul. With the April number the "Mask" completes its sixth year. Without the considerable aid of this loyal six-year-old it is safe to say that Mr. Gordon Craig and the Art of the Theatre in Europe would scarcely be attempting their high flight to-day. In "The Play of the Future" (French, 6d.) Mr. Sydney Grundy vigorously criticises Master John Palmer's "The Theatre of the Future." It is difficult to understand why Mr. Grundy wastes his pages on a book obviously designed to present a picture of a mid-Victorian clown burying' himself beneath the manure of gross ignorance. Mr. Reginald W. Kauffman discusses "The Drama and Morality" in the May " Forum." He avows his belief that it is the duty of the drama to dip its silk in dirty drabs. The discussion "Do Miracles Happen" (The Christian Commonwealth Co.) which arose out of Mr. G. K. Chesterton's piece of cosmism "Magic" (Martin Seeker) seeks to establish the distinct character of a miracle, and to impress the conviction that a miracle is a person who knows what a miracle is. For this distinction both Popes and Pagans contend—unsuccessfully. Huntly Carter. Correspondence. Note to Correspondents.—While quite willing to publish letters under noms de plume, we make it a condition of ¦publication that the name and address of each correspondent should be supplied to the Editor.—Ed. IMAGISTS. To the Editor, The Egoist. Madam, My muse bids me submit the following to your correspondence column. It should be noted that there is no record of verse libre having been applied before to the art of letter-writing. While the " Daily Mail " is going into the question of flies, let us here turn and consider The Mice. In the world's cupboard The scamper of little feet, A new sound. O busy, sharp-teethed mice Nibbling your anxious bellies full, Fear not : The Cat was belled long since By mice of a bolder generation ! Nay rather beware the tightness of your own tummies, Little mice, Since already you have eaten the Greek Anthology And now your glistening white teeth Gnaw the fat tomes of Chinese Wisdom. What would you do with the Lute of Jadr, O little mice? This is indeed a dainty luncheon, O little mice, O Imagists ! Paris. Horace Holley. THE JUSTIFICATIONS OF ESTABLISHED CUSTOMS. To tht Editor, The Egoist. Madam, Behold a logician hath arisen amongst us !   You cannot deny me a little space to sing his praises and worship before him? In the very first paragraph this profuse genius shows us his dazzling skill : One relative of his, living in Edinburgh, thought a politician a man of pleasure because he loved skating ; another relative, also living in Edinburgh, thought it wrong to laugh. Conclusion : People in Edinburgh have "immense seriousness of   ... mind on ethical questions." R. R. W. apparently lives in Edinburgh.', all Edinburgh people have an ethical type of mind : quite to be expected that R. R. W. will be of an ethical type of mind. Who but Mr. R. B. Kerr could have thought of that, now ! Wiio but he would have taken the trouble to give us so uncalled-for an exhibition of his skill! And it is no fluke, Madam.   He can do it again : Cannibalism is an old institution—abolished. Burning of witches   ,,      ,,      —     ,, Slavery ,,      ,,      —     ,, All old institutions will be abolished. Chastity is an  old institution :  all old  institutions  will  be abolished.-.Chastity will be abolished. Isn't it just delightful ! And again : Old Testament ancients didn't restrain themselves : Walpole &amp; Co. didn't restrain themselves.-."No ordinarily constituted man ever dreams of restraining himself in such matters" (though he seems, in my humble opinion, to spoil this example of his art by adding, "unless there is strong pressure to make him do so"). But Mr. Kerr is not only a logician : he is also a wit of no mean order. Just mark the graceful humour of his inference from my statement, in his second paragraph ! It really deserves to  rank  with  the  famous  question  regarding  the Contract Theory of the Slate : What was the date of the Contract? But in case any shallow reader should mistake wit for argument, I should like to point out that Mr. Kerr cleverly shows in the last sentence of that paragraph that he is only joking, and that his interpretation of my words (like that implied in asking for the date of the contract) is just a piece of nonsense. But, Madam, my conscience pricks me for asking so much space to express my admiration. I must draw myself up—most unwillingly—and get to business ; for though I hope I have done justice to Mr. Kerr, I can't see what his "logic" and wit has got to do with R. R. W. in the correspondence evidently referred to, which is concerned only with common sense as applied to sexual morality. Mr. Kerr's position with regard to that seems to be as follows : The traditional restrictions on sexual intercourse apply, and have applied, only to women—men have never restrained themselves. Women now are finding that chastity is not a glory but a badge of servitude ; and it, like the Chinese pigtail, is doomed to speedy extinction—without necessity for argument. Mr. Kerr's statement about men is nothing short of astounding, though even in ethical Edinburgh they are more licentious than they care to admit. Needless to say he anything but proves his assertion. The fact that he can recommend for study the attitude of Walpole &amp; Co. on such matters, is proof that their lack of restraint was the exception, not the rule. History takes no account of what no one thinks worthy of note. I am sorry I do not know the Old Testament well enough to estimate even the truth of Mr. Kerr's insinuations about it.   Perhaps he would like to be more particular and explicit? On the other hand, how does Mr. Kerr explain the laws against prostitution, which I believe exist? Men evidently want prostitutes ; and yet, in a State in which women have not the vote, they are unlawful. Again, has Mr. Kerr found that men make no secret of their amours? Poor Mr. Harpur wants to win a reputation for daring by publishing broad hints about his, and it would be unkind to say he is not even as shameless as most or all other men. But if the rules of sexual restraint do not apply to men, why this reticence? But Mr. Kerr himself admits that men have restrained themselves : "Nearly all men who have ever restrained themselves have done so from religious fear." But religious fear is even now very widespread. Of course, the notion of Hell could bring only a superior smile on the face of so bold and intelligent a man as Mr. Kerr ; but when he has enjoyed that, would he condescend to explain how it came about that Hell should have been threatened for lack of restraint? I should so like to meet the practical joker who has pestered so many generations of men by making them think they would go to Hell if they did not restrain themselves. If it is only a joke, it is really on« of the tip-top ones—poor Origen even castrated himself over it, did he? But how on earth did the joker manage to take everyone in? (Whether there is a Hell or not is, of course, immaterial.) It seems to me that it will be generally admitted that men as well as women were included in the restrictions which that select committee of far-away ancients imposed on sexual intercourse. It is my contention that, until we know why they imposed these, and why they were obeyed ; and until we know whether the same reasons apply to-day or not, we shall be fools to throw them overboard—or try to ; for it is my belief that just as we thought we had got them completely over the gunwale, we should find that it was we who were in the sea. Concerning the necessity for argument, one can easily imagine the contempt Mr. Kerr would feel and show for the religious bigot—the man who said he just believed. It seems to me that in this sentence : "We live in an irreverent age which pours scorn on these institutions without even inquiring why the 'far-away ancients' thought to establish them," Mr. Kerr shows a more perfect type of bigotry than ever did the religious fanatic. The latter has, at least, usually the reason of tradition behind him—what he believes has stood the test of time more or less : Mr. Kerr will not have even so much reason in life! How terribly "intellectual" we are getting ! But, Madam, without contradicting Lecky, I would point out to Mr. Kerr that man does nothing—establishes nothing, abolishes nothing—without having his reasons, good or bad, explicit or implicit, for doing so. The arguments against witch-burning may have become so obvious as not to need expression ; same for cannibalism. In the case of slavery the argument did become explicit ; the arguments against murder are so obvious that that institution is not questioned ; whether we are to continue to forbid stealing or not is being argued out by the Socialists and their opponents. There have been reasons in every case : there must be for retaining or abolishing restraint in sexual matters. The great advantage of making the argument explicit is that its value becomes apparent : it is obvious in this correspondence that the flashy "intellectuals" who would abolish this institution have not a single decent argument to prop them up—have the shamelessness to pride themselves on the fact. It is the disease of the would-be rationalist. Shallow-minded people obey moral rules so long as they believe there is a HpII and a God to put them into H, if they don't. Then comes the great day when they borrow from some scientist a partially understood doubt as to whether God and Hell exist at all—and became "free." It never occurs to them then to wonder why men ever believed that certain particular actions were forbidden on pain of Hell. They remain, essentially, what they were, bigots; but they strut about now as scoffing "intellectuals." Morality was to be observed to dodge Hell : there being no Hell, there is no need to be moral. But they do not like even to admit they ever believed in so childish a bogey as the "everlasting bonfire," so they become extremely "broad-minded" and boast of not even bothering to have any reasons for throwing morality to.the winds. However, the candle will not fail to burn, when these rash, silly little insects get into the flame. I hope Mr. Harpur will see that his brilliant suggestion for the reason of the rules against sexual licence, viz., our distrust of pleasure, is no answer at all. The point is, why do we distrust pleasure—when we do : I believe human beings seek nothing else. Does it not strike Mr. Harpur as odd that we should distrust pleasures? I hope, now, that my position will be quite clear. I am not, as Mr. Harpur seems to think, contending for external control of what may be an individual's concern without harming others : I am an uncompromising individualist, even in morals. But that does not debar me from pointing out the mistakes of others any more than it debarred the Porters and H. S. C. from pointing out what they thought mistakes in our moral code. As I should be grateful to those who warned me when they saw me on a dangerous track : as it gives me pain to see or think of others in pain, I must warn others whom I see going a road I think leads to ruin and sorrow. As to the wisdom or folly of sexual licence, I have all along contended that I am not competent to decide. I am defending the general position that traditional morality is not to be disregarded safely just because we become "intellectual." When it is proved to my satisfaction that sexual licence will not harm me, then, I am natural enough to feel, I shall enjoy myself in this way, without ostentation and without shame, as I would go to a theatre ; but to prove that is no easy matter, and, in any case, is the business, not of these gaudy nuts of the mental world, but of trustworthy, serious scientists. R. R. W. MISS PANKHURST ON BLINDNESS. To the Editor The Egoist. Madam, In "The Suffragette" of May 1st Miss Christabel Pankhurst says :—"Mr. F. Richardson Cross, one of the representatives of the Royal College of Surgeons, spoke of the large part played by venereal diseases in causing blindness. He gave as an example an examination conducted at a school for the blind, which showed that blindness was due to ophthalmia neonatorum (which is due to gonorrhoea) in 47 cases out of 102." The number of persons made blind by gonorrhoea is one of the great subjects of social purity speakers all over the world. It is one of their trump cards against "vice." Let us therefore inquire what that trump card is worth. The first important 'question to ask is, not how many blind people are made blind by gonorrhoea, but how many blind people there are in the world at all. I find from the United States Census of 1900 that 1 person in every 1173 is either totally or partially blind. (The statistics of 1910 are not yet available.) If we take the percentage given by Mr. Cross, it therefore appears that 1 person out of 2545 is either totally or partially blind as a result of gonorrhoea. Mr. Cross, however, is manifestly an enthusiast, and such persons are never to be trusted. More level-headed persons give much lower estimates. If Mr. Cross had been a wise man, he would have given the average experience of a number of schools for the blind, instead of confining his evidence to what was discovered at one school for the blind. The results would not have suited him so well, however. He might, for instance, have quoted from New York Institute for the Blind, at which 1 in every 3 persons is blind from gonorrhoea, according to an article by Helen Keller in the "Ladies' Home Journal" for January, 1909. Other places would have suited him even less. A few weeks ago I wrote to the Principal of a Canadian School for the Blind for information on this subject, and received answer as follows : "The persons who are born blind are few in number, but about 22 per cent, of our pupils are classified under ophthalmia neonatorum, or infantile blindness, which can be prevented by proper and prompt treatment. I have no time to compile statistical tables, but from our oculist's book for 1913 I take enough to give you an idea. There are 57 boys, of whom 15 are classified as blind from birth, but of these 15 only 5 arc totally blind." I find that all doctors are agreed that ophthalmia neonatorum can easily be prevented in every case by medical care. In the above article Helen Keller says that the children "can be saved by the simplest prophylctic care." All that is needed is to wash the eyes of the infant with a solution of nitrate of silver on the second day. We thus find that there is a calamity which, owing to medical negligence, sometimes befalls an infant. According to enthusiasts, this calamity falls upon 1 infant in every 2545, but calmer persons, like Helen Keller, think it happens to only 1 infant in every 3519. It is certainly deplorable that even that number of people should suffer from such a misfortune, but well-balanced persons usually give the greater part of their attention to more widespread forms of suffering. It is admitted, even by Mr. Chamberlain, that more than one person in every four suffers from hunger. Many persons in every hundred are attacked by cancer, consumption, and other hateful diseases. Three or four persons in every hundred are sent to gaol, while about half on one per cent, go mad. In view of these melancholy facts, one cannot help feeling that the persons who make such a terrific fuss about the blindness from gonorrhoea of 1 person in every 3519 are either not very level-headed or are animated by some motive other than pure philanthropy. Kelowna. R. B. Kerr. FOR MY "BETTER," THE CODFISH. To the Editor, The Egoist. In his last pharisaical and abusive letter Mr. Carter now practically accuses me of having invited argument with him. Indeed 1 have condescended to nothing of the sort, for argument is, in my opinion, a shocking waste of time and energy, unless, as Goethe held, we restrict our discussions to those who are in agreement with us. Mr. Carter attacked me and I quite naturally, since you asked me, replied. To such unmixed nonsense as his question whether I believe M. de Segonzac to be a photographer no answer seemed imperative, but, since he wants one, all I can, of course, retort, is : that "I do not," whatever interest this silly assertion may have, adding a recommendation to Mr. Carter, since he is fond of advising me, to keep a watch on his own infirmities before supposing any in others, and now "Let him talk," as Poe's Dupin said, "let him discourse," for "it will ease his conscience. I am satisfied with having defeated him in his own castle. Nevertheless, that he failed in the solution of this mystery is by no means that matter for wonder which he supposes it, for in truth, our friend the Prefect [alias Mr. Carter] is somewhat too cunning to be profound. [The italics are mine.] In his wisdom is no stamen. It is all head and no body, like the pictures of the Goddess Laverna,—or at best, all head and shoulders, like a codfish. But he is a good creature after all. I like him especially for one master-stroke of cant. I mean the way he has ' de nier ce qui est, et d'expliquer ce qui n'est pas.' ".* Muriel Czolkowska. Nouvelle Héloise." " DIPLOMACY " AND A PAMPHLET. To the Editor, The Egoist. Possibly the writer of enclosed letter will have sent you a copy of this contribution which she makes in the "New York Tribune" of yesterday's date. Many erroneous ideas as to the policy of The Egoist are current here. If you could find space to make a statement as to the line of development which has made The Freewoman into The Egoist it would be most helpful to your readers and admirers on this side of the Atlantic. Hartford, Conn. M. E. M. Dyson. Morality and Suffrage. The Radical Views of Dora Marsden have nothing to do with the Case. To the Editor of The Tribune. Sir,—Through the length and breadth of the country, even at the Congressional hearing in Washington and the legislative hearings in the different States, the anti-suffragists have brought up and made impressive use of a pamphlet known as " Bondwomen," written by Dora Marsden, an English journalist, and published by the National American Woman Suffrage Association. The pamphlet has also been used in an open letter to clergymen with which the anti-suffragists have tried to frighten our spiritual teachers into believing that woman suffrage is synonymous with license and immorality. If they would freely hand out the whole of this pamphlet not very much harm would be done, and no very much good, either. But the passage which they select and take from its context merely states that the writer is not, here and now, considering the question of the position of the father, either in relation to the state or to the family ; she is writing to women, telling them to bestir themselves, to be fine and free and independent ; to stop being human poultices. Everybody knows that it is comparatively easy to take a sentence out of its context and make it sound extremely damaging. Few are the authors and few are the speeches to which this could not be done. The Bible, Shakespeare, Goethe—indeed, any of the classics, could be put to the same harmful use. It is a favourite joke of the anti-suffragists to pretend that the suffragists support all Miss Marsden's views and later developments. If they did they would not be suffragists, for Miss Marsden scorns all causes and all reformers. Her first magazine, The Freewoman, had a short and stormy life. After . . been dead some months a meeting was called in London to revive it. It was suggested that the name of the new magazine should be The New Freewoman. Miss Marsden made it abundantly clear that the purpose of the magazine was the "excogitation of the soul" of the editor, and she has now much more suitably named the magazine The Egoist. In this review frequent bitter attacks on the suffragists are made. The psychology of the use of this pamphlet is extremely interesting. In every age, with every race, those who work for reform meet with unthinking resistance from the vast mas», who decide most matters by habit or "feeling." Always and everywhere the more intelligent of the reactionaries make use of the fears of the many and give out that the new step forward is against the religion and against the morality of the day. This is exactly what the anti-suffragists are trying to do in the use of the suggestion that there is a connection between loose morality and the suffrage movement. Some of them really believe that this is the case, but others are merely teasing. I am sorry for the anti-suffragists. They are in the position of people who have to make excuses for not carrying through a measure of simple justice.   They don't like suffrage—that's all there is to it—but if they will only be patient with themselves they will get over their uncomfortable feelings, just as an enlarging experience makes us all drop the prejudices gained from our locality and family. Surely the American public has too much sense to be misled into believing that there is any connection between the views of an erratic and little known London paper and the suffrage leaders in this country. With equal validity the suffragists might claim that since The Egoist, The New Age and other "advanced" papers attack woman suffrage, there is an alliance between them and the anti-suffragists, whereas the truth is that these organs of opinion do not belong to either camp. Cannot the controversy range round the merits of the question ? New York. Eva Ward. [Some fifteen months ago, at a meeting held in London to consider the resumption of the publication The Freewoman—which journal had a short time previously suspended publication owing to the financial failure of the publishing house which owned it—a lady in the gathering rose to make a suggestion. The gist of her proposal was that should the publication be continued it should abandon the name Free-woman, her reason being that under a new name it would have a better chance of being introduced into the common-room of women's colleges. There is need for accuracy and at this date there is difficulty in remembering the precise college mentioned : but Newnham we think was the actual one. (We are open to correction as to this detail.) For reasons which we need not go into here it was not advisable at that time to abandon the association with the name Free-woman even to make an invasion into haunts where English female innocence foregathers : but this is not quite our point. The point is that upon inquiry later as to the name of the speaker we were informed it was Miss Eva Ward—we assume the lady who writes to the Editor of "The Tribune." Upon a cursory reading of the above letter the impression the reader is calculated to receive is that the pamphlet "The Bondwoman" is an expression of a later development of Freewoman opinion, which somehow has come to be published by a suffrage organisation but with which they are not in agreement. Now the fact is that while Miss Ward as a suffragist was devising ways and means to thrust the Free-woman upon the impressionable young women in England, at a time when that journal had run a career of eleven months, and had been attacked by the Press, in the Pulpit, by members of the aristocracy, suffragists and anti-suffragists, the pamphlet "The Bondwoman" was the very first article which came from the present writer's pen ; and the first article in the first issue of The Freewoman. Moreover, when the right to publish the article was sought by an American suffragist, The Freewoman was many months old and was in tone and temper more pronounced than when "The Bondwoman" was written. It was not secured in ignorance of The Free-woman's temper, but in full knowledge of it, and with many expressions—and exceedingly generous ones—of admiration for the paper as a whole : the pamphlet itself being edited for the press by an official of the American Suffrage Society. We realise, of course, that suffragists have to defend a very mixed argument with very observant anti-suffragists and that they must often find themselves hard pressed to maintain their case, and that naturally their first impulse will be to strain facts to the extent to which they will give. We realise, moreover, that while the suffragists were attracted to The Freewoman by its intelligence and energy they must be nonplussed when its opponents confront them with its frankness and openness. Nontheless we must point out that it was the American suffragists themselves who asked for the was the American suffragists themselves who asked as a favour for the rights to publish "The Bondwoman," which were given them : and we may add that whatever profits it but let them be straightforward enough to accept the consequences of their own acts : if the consequences prove the act unwise, it is simple enough to acknowledge that a mistake has been made ; but we find it offensive to attempt to create confusion by what is practically a suggestion of something not true. Perhaps the author is an English suffragist, which explains matters somewhat—this sort of thing being, we should say from our own personal experience of English suffragist practice—quite a speciality of the English tradition. American suffragists have been greatly influenced by the English "movement" but we can still hope that they will not feel it necessary to imitate it in its more unsavoury details, such as the winking at misleading contributions, suggestions and comments in the public press. If the correspondent who forwards to us the above letter will refer to the current "Views and Comments" she will probably find her query as to The Egoist's line of development sufficiently answered.—Ed.] THE W.S.P.U. To the Editor The Egoist. I have read in The Egoist of May 15th inst. your most interesting review of Lady Constance Lytton's book "Prisons and Prisoners," in which you refer to the former leaders of the W. S. &amp; P. U. as a selfish trio. I know nothing personally about the leaders of the militants and I only want to know something about them and their Union because I am a keen suffragist and read "The Suffragette" regularly, from which paper, however, I can hardly expect to gather the information which I desire. It has always seemed to me a very great pity that Mrs. Dcspard and others in 1907 and Mr. and Mrs. Pethick Lawrence in 1912 should have withdrawn from the Union.     At those dates, however, I was not interested in the movement, so I do not know the real reasons for these withdrawals, nor indeed have   I   been   able   to  discover   the   cause  of   Miss   Sylvia Pankhurst's retirement from the Union early this year, since the Union she has formed does not seem to differ from the W. S. &amp; P. U.   The daily papers gave such vague and conflicting reasons for her withdrawal.   I have always thought that probably with a little more tact and a more conciliatory spirit these divisions might have been avoided.    Of course I am unable to judge, but I should have thought that by remaining united, more would have been gained.   There are at present so many militant societies which differ from each other only in a matter of degree of militancy and not in principle.   There are already three different weekly Suffrage papers which are all more or less militant, and I believe that there is shortly to be a fourth.   If all the militants united, they would only need one-paper which could represent the different views of all and that paper would have far more influence than that of all those now published  put  together.    In  the  same  way,  one  big  Union would be far more powerful than half a dozen smaller ones. What is the position of the Men's Political Union to the W. S. &amp; P. U.  At present the relations of these two Unions seem to me to be rather puzzling. Is it true that Mrs. and Miss Christabel Pankhurst are the sole leaders of the W. S. &amp; P. U. ? If so, what arc the positions of Mrs. Drummond and Miss Annie Kenney and other prominent militants? Is militancy really guided by the leaders or does the Union depend more on its members as a whole than on a few individuals? Again, if it depends on a few women, it seems to me that though they may be very selfish and unconciliatory they must be exceedingly clever to be able to keep their Union from falling to pieces. If the Union's strength depends on the leaders, who are they? Are they members of the trio you mention and do they govern the policy of the Union without consulting their members? Again, do they consult the M.P.U.? Trusting that you will be so good as to let me have a few particulars about this Union. London. "Interested." [(1) We are totally unacquainted with the affairs of the Men's Political Union. (2) Mrs. Drummond and Miss Kenney are as far as personal acquaintance with them enables us to judge, "good sorts" who find it as pleasant as it is easy to do as they are told. (3) Our correspondent may be able to get an estimation of our opinion on the questions he raises by turning to the current "Views and Comments."—Ed.] TREATMENT OF SUFFRAGETTES. To the Editor, The Egoist. Madam, The militants have a grievance and think if they burn, mutilate, and destroy sufficient property belonging to those people who do not hold similar views, their grievance will be removed. Their opponents—and the general public—have a grievance too : they object to their possessions being wilfully destroyed. In warfare, one cannot complain if both sides use the same brand of ammunition. Ts it not reasonable to suppose the "non-militant" grievance would be removed if similar treatment were given to properties belonging to militants—and all who support militancy by money, influence or speech ? Perhaps a speedier way to test the efficacy of the question would be to apply the militants' suggestions in other spheres. Not long ago Mrs. Pankhurst solemnly informed her audience that she did not advocate "killing people" but asserted that the best way to get what is wanted is to make the powers that be uncomfortable until one's purpose is accomplished. Suppose the servant problem is tackled in this way. Let the dissatisfied cooks in the militant ladies' menage try this telling device, and put a pinch of something in the soup or in the morning cup of coffee—not, of course, to "kill people" but to make "the powers that be" uncomfortable. Surely it is a poor rule that won't work two ways ! ! Of course these are only suggestions—given with a mind open to conviction. London, W. Rosa Dartle. P.S.—Of course the "non-militant arson squad" would require special literature to leave behind so that a lenient judge could give sentence accordingly—which sentence could be evaded by the usual methods of kicking, screaming, sulking, refusing food, &amp;c.—R. D. FUTURISM. To the Editor The Egoist. Madam, To read or hear the praises of oneself or one's friends is always pleasant. There are forms of praise, however, which are so compounded with innuendo as to be most embarrassing. One may find oneself, for instance, so praised as to make it appear that one's opinions coincide with those of the person who praises, in which case one finds oneself in the difficult position of disclaiming the laudation or of even slightly resenting it. There are certain artists in England who do not belong to the Royal Academy nor to any of the passéist groups, and who do not on that account agree with the futurism of Sig. Marinetti. An assumption of such agreement either by Sig. Marinetti or by his followers is an impertinence. We, the undersigned, whose ideals were mentioned or implied, or who might by the opinion of others be implicated, beg to dissociate ourselves from the "futurist" manifesto which appeared in the pages of the "Observer" of Sunday, June 7. (Signed) Richard Aldington. David Bomberg. Frederick Etchells. Edward Wads worth. Ezra Pound. Lawrence Atkinson. Gaudier Brzeska. Cuthbert Hamilton. W. Roberts. Wvndham Lewis. Footnote.—The direction of the Rebel Art Centre wishes to state that the use of their address by Sig. Marinetti and Mr. Nevinson was unauthorised. Rebel Art Centre. 38, Great Ormond Street, Queen's Square, W.C. EDITORIAL. Letters, &amp;c, intended for the Editor should be addressed to Oakley House, Bloomsburv Street, London, W.C. PUBLICATION. All business communications relative to the publication of The Egoist should be addressed, and all cheques, postal and money orders, &amp;c, made payable to The New Freewoman, Ltd., Oakley House, Bloomsbury Street, London, W.C, and should be crossed " Parr's Bank," Bloomsbury Branch." Terms of Subscription.—Yearly, 14/- (U.S.A. 3 dollars 50 cents); Six Months, 7/- (U.S.A., 1 dollar 75 cents); Three Months, 3/6 (U.S.A., 90 cents). Single Copies 7d., post free to any address in the Postal Union. ADVERTISEMENTS. All orders, letters, &amp;c., concerning advertisements should be addressed to the Advertisement Manager, The Egoist, Oakley House, Bloomsbury Street, London, W.C. The Egoist Subscription Form. TERMS OF SUBSCRIPTION.—Yearly, 14/-(U.S.A., 3 dollars 50 cents); Six Months, 7/-(U.S.A., 1 dollar 75 cents); Three Months, 3/6 (U.S.A., 90 cents). Single Copies 7d., post free to any address in the Postal Union. Orders should be sent to Miss Harriet Siiaw Weaver, Oakley House, Bloomsbury Street, London, W.C. All Cheques, Money Orders, and Postal Orders should be crossed "Parr's Bank, Bloomsbury Branch," and made payable to The New Freewoman, Ltd. THE DRAMA 736 Marquette Building, Chicago. A Quarterly Devoted to the Development of a Wide and Intelligent Interest in Drama. EACH ISSUE OF THE DRAMA Contains a translation of a complete play. These plays, which are not otherwise accessible in English, represent especially the leading dramatist of the continent. Chosen as they are from various countries and from many schools they give one an introduction to the most significant features of modern dramatic art. Plays by Giacosa, Donnay, Gillette, Andrevev, and Tagore have appeared recently.   The impending numbers will contain work of Goldoni, Curel and Wiidenbrush. In addition to the play and discussion of the works of its author, articles on all phases of drama keep the reader well informed. Modern stagecraft, new types of theater building, organizations for drama reform," little theater " movements, pageantry, the history of the drama, and all pertinent subjects receive attention. Significent books on dramaturgy and other drama publications of especial value are regularly and sincerely reviewed. From time to time the developments of the year in foreign art centers are considered. In no way other than through The Drama can one so conveniently and attractively continue his drama education and recreation. Single copies seventy-five cents. Yearly subscription, three dollars. Printed by Robert Johnson and Co., Ltd., 28, Tulketh Street, Southport, and published by the Proprietors. The New Freewoman, Ltd.,   at Oakley House, Bloomsbury Street, London, W.C.