The Crisis , made The CRISIS Children's Number OCTOBER, 1922 FIFTEEN CENTS A COPY ##Another Lighthouse to Help Chart Negro Business into The Right Channel. The Southern Aid Society's New Modern 3 story and basement building located at 106 and 106A South Ave., Petersburg, Va. Petersburg's first colored bank and its leading professional and business interests now have modern quarters within which to display their talents and wares. The Society's District Office is located on 3rd floor. In addition to providing a superior policy of protection to its policyholders— the Society renders a threefold service to the race: It gives employment to hundreds of young women and men—It provides ready cash to its policyholders in times of sickness, accident and death—It provides, in the largest cities in its field of operation, modern office facilities to the colored professional and business interests. It is indeed a Servant of the People. SOUTHERN AID SOCIETY OF VIRGINIA, INC. Home Office: 527 N. Second Street, RICHMOND, VA. District Offices and Agencies in Virginia and the District of Columbia J. T. CARTER, Pres, and Gen'l Counsel B. L. JORDAN, Secty. W. A. JORDAN, Asst. Secty. ##THE CRISIS A  RECORD  OF  THE   DARKER RACES PUBLISHED MONTHLY AND COPYRIGHTED BY THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOE THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE, AT 70 FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK CITY. CONDUCTED BY W. E. BURGHARDT DU BOIS; JESSIE REDMON FAUSET, LITERARY EDITOR; AUGUSTUS GRANVILLE DILL, BUSINESS MANAGER. Vol. 24   No. 6 OCTOBER, 1922 Whole No. 144 Page COVER Photograph of Valdora Turner. OPINION The Children, Marriage, Birth, Infancy, Childhood, Education, The End of It All ............................................... 247 THE YELLOW TREE.   A Story.   De Reath Byrd Busey............... 253 THE THIRTEENTH BIENNIAL OF THE N. A. C. W.   Illustrated....... 257 NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE.................................................. 261 BRONZE LEGACY, Effie Lee Newsome; MOTHERHOOD, Georgia Douglas Johnson. Poems............................................. 265 A DECADE OF STUDENT Y. M. C. A. WORK. Illustrated.. C H. Tobias. 265 SONG FOR A BANJO DANCE.  A Poem.  Langston Hughes............ 267 THE HORIZON.   Illustrated....................................... 268 THE LOOKING GLASS.......................................... 273 THE CRISIS FOR NOVEMBER The November CRISIS will contain an article on Leroy Bundy and the finances of the Universal Negro Improvement Association and a study of the business development of the colored people ot Columbus, Ohio. FIFTEEN CENTS A COPY; ONE DOLLAR AND A HALF A YEAR FOREIGN  SUBSCRIPTION  TWENTY-FIVE  CENTS EXTRA RENEWALS: The date of expiration of each subscription is printed on the wrapper. When the subscription is due, a blue renewal blank is enclosed. CHANGE OF ADDRESS: The address of a subscriber can be changed as often as desired. In ordering a change of address, both the old and the new address must be given. Two weeks' notice is required. MANUSCRIPTS and drawings relating to colored people are desired. They must be accompanied by return postage.    If found unavailable they will be returned. Entered as second class matter November 2, 1910, at the post office at New York, New York, under the Act of March 3, 1879. ##244 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER National Training School DURHAM, NORTH CAROLINA A School for the Training of Colored Young Men and Women for Service Though it is young in history, the Institution feels a just pride in the work thus far accomplished, for its graduates are already filling many responsible positions, thus demonstrating the aim of the school to train men and women for useful citizenship. DEPARTMENTS ALREADY ESTABLISHED The Grammar School The Academy The School of Arts and Sciences The Department of Music The Teacher Training Department The Divinity School The Commercial Department The Department of Home Economics The Department of Social Service For farther information and Catalog, address President James E. Shepard, Durham. North Carolina STATE OF NEW JERSEY Manual Training and Industrial School FOR COLORED YOUTH BORDENTOWN, N. J. A high Institution for the training of colored youth. Excellent equipment, thorough Instruction, wholesome surroundings.   Academic training for all Student. Courut In carpentry, agriculture aid trades ter baye, Including auto repairing. Coursée la domestic science and domestic art 1er girls. A new trades building, thoroughly equipped. New   girls'   dormitory   thoroughly   aid modernly equipped. Terms reasonable. Fer  Information address W. R. VALENTINE, Principal Wiley University Marshall, Texas Recognized as a college of first class by Texas, Louisiana, Arkansas and Oklahoma State Boards of Education. Harvard, Boston University. University of Illinois and University of Chicago represented on its faculty. One hundred twenty-seven in College Department, session 1010-1920. Several new buildings, steam heated and electric lighted. M. W. DOGAN, President LINCOLN UNIVERSITY Pioneer in Collegiate and Theological Education Lincoln Men are Leaders in the various professions in Forty States. The College is ranked in Class I. by the American Medical Association. Address: Joka H. Eandall, D.D., Llnoola ualTWiity, Ckactei County, Penna. The Cheyney Training School for Teachers Cheyney, Pa. A Pennsylvania State Normal School offering. In addition to the regular Normal Course of two years, professional three year courses In Home Economics and Shop Work. A diploma from any of these courses makes a graduate eligible to teach In the public schools of Pennsylvania. A three-year High School Course Is offered to all who have completed the eighth grammer grade. Next term began September 20, 1922. For further particulars and catalog, write Leslie Pinckney Hill, Principal Cheyney, Pa. Mention The Crisis ##THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 345 Atlanta University Is beautifully located in the City of Atlanta, Ga. The courses of study include High School, Normal School and College. Special emphasis is laid upon the training of teachers. Students come from all parts of the South. Graduates have a tine record for successful work. For further information address President Edward T. Ware Atlanta, Ga. KNOXVILLE COLLEGE Beautiful Situation.   Healthful Location. Best Moral and Spiritual Environment. Splendid Intellectual Atmosphere. Noted for Honest and Thorough Work. Institution offers courses in the following departments. College, Normal, High School, Grammar School, Domestic Science, Nurse Training and Industrial. Expenses very reasonable. Fall Term began Wednesday, Sept. 13, 1922. For catalog and other information address PRESIDENT J. KELLY G1FFEN Knoxville, Tenn. Founded 1870 CLARK UNIVERSITY ATLANTA. GEORGIA Over 100 acres of beautiful campus. Twelve buildings with new $150,000 administration building with modern chapel, gymnasium and laboratories ready for use in September. Strong faculty—Religious atmosphere—Athletics—Co-educational. Admission only by application. RE-ARRANGED COURSES OF STUDY Junior High School—7th and 8th Grades and 1st and 2nd years' High School Courses, with certificate. Junior College—3rd and 4th Year High School with Freshman and Sophomore years of College work, with Diploma. College—Four years above High School, or two years above Junior College Course, with degree of A.B. Domestic Science—Commerce—Normal— Pre-medlcal Course 54th year of nine months opened September 20, 1922. $150.00 per year pays tuition, hoard room and laundry. _HARRY ANDREWS KING. President The Florida Agricultural and Mechanical College Offers courses leading to certificates, diplomas and degrees. Nathan B. Young, President Tallahasee, Florida SIMMONS UNIVERSITY, Louisville, Ky. Founded 187». The only Institution In the State having for it, object Collegiate, Ministerial. Medical, and Legal training far Colored citizens in Kentucky. Special training In Insurance, Social Berrlea, Naraing and Hospital Work. Normal. Commercial, Mailt Domeftls Science. Missionary training elaea. Evening classes, correspondence course.     Degrees offered President C. H. Parrleh MOREHOUSE COLLEGE (Formerly Atlanta Baptist College) ATLANTA, GA. College, Academy, Divinity School An institution famous within recent years for its emphasis on all sides of manly development—the only institution in the far South devoted solely to the education of Negro young men. Graduates given high ranking by greatest northern universities. Debating, Y. M. C. A., athletics, all live features. For information, address. JOHN HOPE, President. FISK UNIVERSITY NASHVILLE, TENN. Founded 1866 Thorough Literary, Scientific, Educational, Musical and Social Science Courses. Pioneer in Negro music.   Special study in Negro life. Ideal and sanitary buildings and grounds Well-equipped Science building. Christian home life. High standard of independent manhood and womanhood.   For literature, etc., write FAYETTE AVERY MCKENZIE, President BIDDLE UNIVERSITY CHARLOTTE. N. C. Biddle University, operated under the suspices of the Northern Presbyterian Church, has four Departments—High School, Arts and Sciences, Theological and Industrial. The completion of a Gramm ax School course is the requirement for entrance to the first year of the High School. The School of Arts and Sciences offers two courses of study, the Classical and the Scientific. In the scientific, German is substituted for Greek or Latin. The entrance requirement for the Freshman Class is 15 units of High School work. The Theological Department offers two coursée, each consisting of three years. The first is purely English, Greek and Hebrew are taught In the others. AH students in the High School Dept. are required to take trades in the Industrial Dept. For further Information, address President H. L. MeCrerey, Charlotte, N. C. Morris Brown University Atlanta, Ga. Co-Educational The largest institution of learning in the South owned and controlled by Negroes. Faculty of specialists, trained in some of the best universities in the North and in the South. Noted for high standard of scholarship; industrial emphasis and positive Christion influence. Well equipped dormitories; sane athletics under faculty supervision. Expenses reasonable.    Location central and healthful. Departments: Theology, College, High School, Normal, Commercial, Musical, Domestic Science, Sewing, Printing and Tailoring. For further information address JOHN H. LEWIS. President BISHOP J. S. FLIPPER. Chairman Truste« Board Mention The Crisis. ##346 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Howard University Washington. D. C. Founded by GENERAL O. O. HOWARD J. STANLEY DURKEE, A.M., Ph.D., D.D., President EMMETT J. SCOTT, A.M., LL.D., Secretary-Treasurer COLLEGIATE AND PROFESSIONAL SCHOOLS REGISTRATION Autumn Quarter.. Friday, Sept. 29, and Saturday, Sept. 30, 1922 Winter Quarter......................Tuesday, January 2, 1923 Spring Quarter.....................Saturday, March 17, 1923 FOR CATALOG AND INFORMATION WRITE F. D. WILKINSON, Registrar HOWARD UNIVERSITY WASHINGTON, D. C. Founded 1899 Incorporated 1901 BEREAN Manual Training and Industrial School (Non-Sectarian) S. College Ave. and N. 19th St. Philadelphia, Pa. Fall Term Opening Tuesday, October 3rd, 1922. DAY AND NIGHT SESSIONS Write for Bulletin to the Principal MATTHEW ANDERSON, D.D. 1926 S. College Avenue, Philadelphia, Fa. The Colored Teachers' Bureau Will Help Yon Get a Better Paying Position. Register NOW     Reasonable TERMS Address: Colored Teachers' Bureau Box 22, Wilberforce, 0. The Lincoln Hospital and Home TRAINING SCHOOL FOR NURSES in the city of New York offers to young colored women a three years' course of instruction in nursing. Capacity of hospital—420 beds. Post Graduate Course of six months to graduates of accredited schools. For information apply to: Superintendent of Nurses Lincoln Hospital and Home New York, N.Y. Talladega College Talladega, Alabama Founded in 1S67 for the Education of Negro Leaders Beautiful and Healthful Location. Literary, Scientific, Educational, Social Service, Theological, Musical, Business Administration, Journalism, Nurse Training Courses. High Standards of Christian Manhood and Womanhood. For further information address F. A. SUMNER, President ROGER WILLIAMS UNIVERSITY NASHVILLE, TENNESSEE Founded 1866 Location Ideal It offers courses in the Liberal Arts, Normal, Academic and Musical departments. For further information write SAMUEL A.  OWEN, President COLEMAN COLLEGE GIBSLAND, LA. Supported ay Baptist State Woman'! Home Mission Society of Chicago and Bolton and A. B. S. Society of Now York. Student» from lix différant states. Graduates exempted on first grade by Louisiana, Arkansas and Oklahoma. O. L. COLEMAN, frttidtnt ST. MARY'S SCHOOL An Episcopal boarding- school fox girls, under the direction of the sisters of St. Vary. Address: TEX SISTER-IN-CHARGE, 61SS Germantown Avenue, Philadelphia, Pa. "JUST THE PLACE FOR YOUR GIRL" Daytona Normal and Industrial Institute for Negro Girls, Daytona, Fla. Beautiful location, ideal home life, fine, modern equipment. Courses include Kindergarten, Primary, Grammar, High, Normal, Vocational. Nurse Training at McLeod Hospital a specialty.   Terms reasonable. Send for Catalog. MARY McLEOD BETHUNF, - - Principal. Mention The Crisis ##THE CRISIS Vol. 24.  No. 6 OCTOBER, 1922 Whole No. 144 Opinion of W. E. B. Du Bois THE CHILDREN THE Children's Number of The Crisis brings many thoughts. We remember, first—in sadness—The Brownies' Book, which was a monthly children's number but which failed for lack of support—not by fault of the children, bless you, no ! They wanted and want and need it. But grown-ups are unbelievably stupid ! Grown-ups think of little children as "cunning," "pretty," "cute" and "amusing." The new mother dresses them up like living dolls, in ribbons, frills and furbelows, and with many a "Don't get dirty," "Keep out of the mud," "Be careful," "Naughty, naughty," she proceeds to impress it upon One-year-old that the chief end of man is to be an impossible prig. Our jails are full of children who once were unbelievably cunning. Thus with over-dressing and "showing off," our children are spoiled. This is particularly the case with groups like American Negroes of the better class who are striving to improve their condition and push their children up and on. Their very anxieties make them either neglect or misconceive their children. Looking back on their own narrow, sordid, unlovely infancy, they proceed to dose their children with endless candy, toys and kissings, or, if they themselves were spoiled children of a "second generation," they ruin their own offspring with unlimited freedom and indulgence. It is, indeed, hard to be stern, cold and practical with the Flesh of your Flesh whom you are rearing for a sneering, cruel world. It is hard to guide them where you yourself are unguided. These are the reasons why we spoil our babies. It is a frantic prevision of ill as much as thoughtlessness. Yet we know that children are the only real Progress, the sole Hope, the sure Victory over Evil. Properly reared and trained and there is no Problem or Wrong that we cannot withstand. MARRIAGE AMONG colored people, especially the advancing groups, marriage and birth are still slightly improper subjects which cannot be discussed with plain sense. The world has left us behind in this respect and we must needs rapidly catch up. Here is a man and a woman. The natural and righteous cry of their bodies calls for marriage to propagate, preserve and improve mankind. But there are difficulties. First, as to ideals : the man—an educated Negro American of 1922—is himself a spoiled child. He has been catered to and petted by a mother. Coming up with small means, the family purse has been drained for his benefit. He has helped in his own support, but his work has brought him into contact with the luxury of the white rich ; he has seen gluttony and tasteless splendor ; futile women gorgeously gowned; royal homes, with yachts and automobiles. What does he think of marriage?  He conceives 247 ##248 THE CRISIS of it as a very expensive indulgence, and for the enthroning of One Woman—which woman is to be His, and of him, and for him? And that woman must be not simply as someone has said, "A cross between a butterfly and a setting hen," but in addition, thinking of his own mother, he conceives his wife also as a trained, efficient Upper Servant, who can cook, serve, wash, clean, market and nurse ; she must also be able to dance, play the piano, talk on politics and literature, entertain with daintiness, play tennis and drive an automobile. To increase the complication the modern young colored woman has her own ideas and ideals. Her husband must have money and good looks. He must be a college graduate, a professional man, or at least a business man ; hardly a mechanic, and certainly never a menial servant. He must have, ready for delivery on the wedding day : a well-furnished home in a good neighborhood, a servant or a day's worker, a car and a reputation that brings his picture to the pages of leading colored weeklies. The result of all this theory is trouble. The best dancers are seldom the best cooks, and those who keep up with literature have little leisure to keep up with bad children. If a man's wife is chiefly for exhibition and entertainment, she cannot be expected to be an efficient business manager of a home, and mother, nurse and teacher of children. And, too, young men of marriageable age are not apt to be at once handsome, educated, talented, rich and well-known. Something must be sacrificed; the educated and talented must wait long if not always for wealth; the rich may come handicapped by a servile position and no education; while the handsome—well, fools are often handsome. All these are of course types of a small but significant class. Down through the mass of laborers and servants we meet every human variation ; men too poor, too undisciplined, too selfish to marry; women too ignorant, too lonely, too unfortunate to marry. Thus, practically, marriage must be a compromise and if the compromise is based on common sense and reasonable effort, it becomes the center of real resurrection and remaking of the world. If it fails, then it should be dissolved—quietly and decisively in the divorce court. Any doctrine of marriage that conceives a quarrelling, unhappy, sordid and compulsory union of man, woman and children as better than peace and work even with poverty, is fundamentally wrong. BIRTH YESTERDAY I saw a young man and woman and their three children. And I was told : Four of their children are dead. I said: "That is a crime! It is not simply a misfortune—it is a deliberate crime which deserves condign punishment." No woman can bear seven children in ten years and preserve her own health and theirs. No man who asks or permits this deserves to be a husband or father. Birth control is science and sense applied to the bringing of children into the world, and of all who need it we Negroes are first. We in America are becoming sharply divided into the mass who have endless children and the class who through long postponement of marriage have few or none. The first result is a terrible infant mortality: of every 10,000 colored children born 1,356 die in the first year, while only 821 die among whites. The second result is the senseless putting off of marriage until middle life because of the fear that ##Mary  J. McKinney, Hartford, Conn. Leone E. Boyle, Baltimore, Md. Virginia R. Spottswood, New Haven, Conn, Wilfred B. Bozeman, Jr. Pine Bluff, Ark. Kermit McAllister, Mobile, Ala. Arthur Ellerson, Newark, N. J. Lucille E. Clark, Charleston,  W. Va. George T. Whitten, Jr., Wilmington, Del. Prince L. Edwoods, Jr. Manassas, Va. Sarah E. Thompson, Indianapolis, Ind. Hazel M. Ayers, Boynton, Okla. Robert W. Reagin, Selma, Ala. Harry W. Jackson, Paterson, N. J. Cary B. Lewis, Jr., Chicago, 111. Audrey C. Ackerley, Springfield, Mass. Harry W. Kingslow, Williamson, W. Va. 249## 250 THE CRISIS marriage must necessarily mean many children. Parents owe their children, first of all, health and strength. Few women can bear more than two or three children and retain strength for the other interests of life. And there are other interests for women as for men and only reactionary barbarians deny this. Even this small number of children should come into the world at intervals which will allow for the physical, economic and spiritual recovery of the parents. Housework is still a desperately hard and exacting occupation. It can and should be simplified and lightened by the laundry, the bakery, the restaurant, and the vacuum cleaner; but with all that it remains a job calling for strength, time and training. Social intercourse, which is largely in the hands of wives, is a matter of thought, effort and delicate adjustment. The education of children in the home calls for intelligence, study and leisure. To add to all this the physical pain and strain of child birth is to give a woman as much as she can possibly endure once in three, four or five years. INFANCY THERE is much in the theory that the infant child is a higher vegetable, to be fed, aired, cleaned and let alone. At the same time the little miraculous, marvellously unfolding mind is there and the home training that does not begin at least as late as the cradle, is losing precious time. Yet of the babies pictured this month in our columns, how many are being carefully, systematically educated, and how many are being regarded as negligible playthings whose "education" will begin at five or six? Five or six is already too late to learn thoroughly a thousand things: the value of tears and laughter; regular meals and  regular sleep; sitting, standing, walking; cleanliness, patience and sacrifice; self-assertion and love—all these are cradle lessons. If they are untaught, how hard, how nearly impossible, is the task of the public school. How easily a teacher could paint a home after following the child one day in the kindergarten. CHILDHOOD OF the meaning of a child there are many and singularly different ideas. Some regard a child as a bond slave, born to obey immediately and without reflection or question ; some regard a child as an automaton which absorbs advice and replies with action; some look upon a child as an Item of Expense until he can work and earn; some think of children as a kind of personal adornment of the parents, bringing them praise for beauty when young, for smartness when older, and for high distinction in wealth or brains when grown. Meantime few people think of the child as Itself—as an Individual with the right and ability to feel, think and act ; a being thirsty to know, curious to investigate, eager to experiment. Many folk while not knowing or dreaming these things at first, discover them later in some tense moment when father and "baby" face each other—grim, tense, angry; and father says, "You shall not!" and baby says, "I will!" The education of parents dates usually from some such soul-revealing moment. Blockheads who cannot learn usually try forthwith to beat the "stubbornness" out of the child by blows. If they succeed, they kill the spirit of the little man and leave little which the world needs. If they fail, they leave determination, without love or reverence. Others learn. They realize with a start: Here is Somebody Else. I must inform, I must teach, I must ##The Morrison Children, Charleston, S. C. Robert Cobb, Jr., John and Elizabeth, Jefferson City, Mo. Jennelsie  and  Austeile Waiden, Atlanta, Ga. Saphronia, Arta and Lucille Thompson, Charlotte, N. C. Nathaniel,  Eunice,  Helen and Wil Ham Walker, Selma, Ala. W. L. Waiden, Jr., and Otto V., Jacksonville, Fla. Linnie and Ruth Redmond, Jackson, Miss. William, Joseph and Richard Burton, Gary, Ind. Eva  May  and Ernest  Brown, Jr., Springfield, Ohio 251 ##252 THE CRISIS persuade, I must direct. But if they are honest they soon learn that in a duel between two human wills even though one is four and the other forty, there is information to be imparted on both sides; and that youth can teach age some things; and that persuasion is a game that two can play ; and that Experience, great as it is, is not all. Many people begin with trying to teach and persuade and end by commanding in anger, "instant" obedience, leaving the child with a tremendous and never-to-be-forgotten sense of being wronged and cheated. Only God's Few take this dialogue between Age and Childhood seriously and give to it as much time and money and study and thought as they give to their clothes and houses and horses.  And some give more. EDUCATION THERE is a widespread feeling that a school is a machine. You insert a child at 9 a.m. and extract it at 4 p.m., improved and standardized with parts of Grade IV, first term. In truth, school is a desperate duel between new souls and old to pass on facts and methods and dreams from a dying world to a world in birth pains without letting either teacher or taught lose for a moment faith and interest. It is hard work. Often, most often, it is a futile failure. It is never wholly a success without the painstaking help of the parent. Yet I know Negroes, thousands of them, who never visit the schools where their children go; who do not know the teachers or what they teach or what they are supposed to teach; who do not consult the authorities on matters of discipline—do not know who or what is in control of the schools or how much money is needed or received. Oh, we have our excuses! The teachers do not want us around. They do not welcome co-operation. Colored patrons especially may invite insult or laughter. All true in some cases. Yet the best schools and the best teachers pray for and welcome the continuous and intelligent co-operation of parents. And the worst schools need it and must be made to realize their need. There has been much recent discussion among Negroes as to the merits of mixed and segregated schools. It is said that our children are neglected in mixed schools. "Let us have our own schools. How else can we explain the host of colored High School graduates in Washington, and the few in Philadelphia?" Easily. In Washington, colored parents are intensely interested in their schools and have for years followed and watched and criticized them. In Philadelphia, the colored people have evinced no active interest save in colored schools and there is no colored High School. Save the great principle of democracy and equal opportunity and fight segregation by wealth, class or race or color, not by yielding to it but by watching, visiting and voting in all school matters, organizing parents and children and bringing every out-side aid and influence to co-operate with teachers and authorities. In the North with mixed schools unless colored patrons take intelligent, continuous and organized interest in the schools which their children attend, the children will be neglected, treated unjustly, discouraged and balked of their natural self-expression and ambition. Do not allow this. Supervise your children's schools. In the South unless the patrons know and visit the schools and keep up continuous, intelligent agitation, the teachers will be sycophants, the studies designed to make servant girls, and the funds stolen by the white trustees. ##THE YELLOW TREE 253 THE END OF IT ALL YES, marriage is sacrifice, child bearing is pain, and education is eternal vigilance. But the end of it all is Progress. Without marriage there can be today no properly guarded childhood. In the United States 1,256 Negro children out of each 10,000 born are illegitimate. Poor, little, innocent waifs, homeless and half-cared for. Without child-bearing families there can be few future workers and torch-bearers. Without education we grope in eternal darkness like cats gayly and ignorantly chasing their tails. But with children brought with thought and foresight into intelligent family circles and trained by parents, teachers, friends and society, we have Eternal Progress and Eternal Life. Against these, no barriers stand; to them no Problem is insoluble. PRINCE ARTHUR MOMOLU, Monrovia, Liberia THE YELLOW TREE A Story DeReath Byrd Busey PLUM Street is a firm believer in "signs". It is not an ordinary street—not even physically, for it begins at Ludlow, stops on Clark where the trolley passes, picks itself up a half block south on Clark and rushes across the railroad straight uphill to the Fair Grounds. In the early nineties it was the thoroughfare for the "'southend", but Jasper Hunley, who bought Lester Snyder's house at public auction, proved to be a "fair" Negro. Then the Exodus! In 1919 Negroes had been in undisputed possession for twenty years. Like the colors of their faces, the houses vary. There is Jasper Hunley's big brown house with built-in china cabinet and bookcases, hardwood floors and overstuffed furniture. On either side of him in white houses live the Reverend Burns and Police man Jenkins in a little less state, with portable furniture sparsely upholstered, and carpets. Across the street lives Mother Stewart and Reverend Gordon in plain barefaced houses with scarred pine furniture. At the close of the January day, Mary Hunley sat watching at her window for Eva Lou's home-coming from the office. Again she recalled vividly the June day she had sat with bed-ridden Mother Stewart while Lucy went to market. She had been sitting at the second story window feasting her eyes upon her hardwon home across the street—a big house in a big yard with flowers and young trees in spring garb. The roses were beginning to open. She had smiled contentedly as her eyes lingered on each bush and shrub but a puzzled frown crossed her brow as she noticed her youngest maple had yellowed. She wondered if worms were at its root. She turned her eyes to gaze down at the Reverend Mr. Gordon, who pulled his broad brimmed hat further over his eyes, squared himself on his bare board bench in the corner of the yard and sank into a revery. Unpainted palings enclosed the tiny grass-less yard about his unpainted weather-stained house, distinguished from its neighbors only by a bright blue screen door. The Reverend, tall, broad, his brown face grow, ing darker with age, had lived on Plum street ever since he had been called from the janitorship of the Mecklin Building to the pastorate of the St. Luke's Baptist Church. He had come to be the oracle of the street. His dreams were respectfully broken by the greetings of returning marketers. Mary ##254 THE CRISIS ALICE V. STROTHER, Latrobe, Pa. MARIE,   GLADYS   and   LLOYD THOMAS, New Wfflard, Tex. ANNA  M. BRADLEY, Detroit, Mich. SAMUEL A. OWEN, JR., Nashville, Tenn. listened idly until Lucy stopped for a conversation. They spoke of the movies and the man there to whom the whole town was flocking for advance information on the future. Lucy thought his amazing replies all a trick.   Mr. Gordon concurred. "Yet," he said, "the Lawd do give wah-nin' of things t'come t'them that believes, Miss Lucy. Ah'm not a-tall supstitious but when ah gits a sign ah knows it." "Yassuh," Lucy nodded. "Las' yeah," he continued, "ah says to Mrs. Reveren' Burns that somebody in that house on the cornuh o' Clark would die 'fore spring come agin. She laffed. In Feb'uary the oldest boy died o' consumption. The new leaves on d'tree in d'front yahd turned yeller. When a tree does that, Miss Lucy, death comes in the fam'ly fore a yeah is gone." He paused portentously. Mary Hunley leaned unsteadily closer to the window. He spoke solemnly as he pointed his long finger. "That tree yonde' in Jasper Hunley's yahd turned yeller las' night. This is June, Miss Lucy. The Lawd do give wahnin's to them as believes." Mary Hunley never knew how she got home. She only knew the Lord had sent her warning. She had always believed in signs—and the few times she had ignored them they had told truth with a vengeance. When but a girl a circus fortune-teller had drawn a picture of her future husband who should bring money and influence. When Jasper Hunley, carpenter, came a-wooing, his likeness to the picture made the match. She never really loved him, but he was her Fate so they married. The first year of her marriage she dreamed three nights that they had moved into a big brown house. When Lester Snyder went bankrupt—Jasper bought the house. They moved in and their neighbors moved out. Racial gregariousness was stronger than economy, so houses went for a song. Enough of them came to Jasper to make him potential potentate of Plum street. But Jasper was slow, not given to show, and contented to be hired. Mary came to realize that he would only bring the money. She must make the influence. She had received diploma and inspiration from one of those Southern Missionary Schools for colored youth, and she had thoroughly imbibed "money and knowledge will solve the race problem." In ##THE YELLOW TREE 255 ten years she had made Jasper a contractor. She read, she joined "culture clubs", she spoke to embroidery clubs on suffrage when it was a much ridiculed subject, she managed Jasper's business, drew up his contracts, and still found time to keep Eva Lou the best dressed child in Plum street school. On Plum street as in some other Negro communities color of skin is a determining factor in social position. Mary had cared for that. Jasper was fair and she became fair. From the days of buttermilk and lemon juice to these of scientific "complexion beautifier" she kept watch on herself and Eva Lou. When Eva Lou came back from school in Washington she was whiter and more fashionable than ever; the street wondered, envied, resented. Gradually Mary grew to feel that the glory of her ambition would come through her daughter. She centered all her love and energies upon Eva Lou—the promise and fulfillment of her life. Occasionally she thought Eva Lou indiscreet in bringing city fashions among small town people, yet she trusted her to have learned on her expensive trips what the great world does. Eva Lou and a few kindred spirits who had ventured far afield—to Chicago and Washington, Boston and New York—had established a clique of those who wore Harper's Bazaar clothes unadulterated, smoked cigarettes in semi-privacy, and played from house to house. Plum street's scandalized gossip joyfully reported by Lucy she ascribed to envy. Lucy, black and buxom, hated Eva Lou's lithe pallor. Mary smiled. Only those in high places are envied. That June morning as she sat at Mother Stewart's window, she had breathed a sigh of relief. At last, she could relax. Jasper was a thirty-third degree Mason and Eva Lou was engaged to Sargeant Hawkins of Washington. Then Gordon's prophecy smashed in upon her soul. For one panic stricken hour she was filled with terror. But the qualities that had fought for her family for twenty-five years came to her rescue. She knew the prophecy was of Eva Lou. And she who had believed implicitly and fearfully set out to give that yellow tree the lie. She shuddered with dread but she would not retract. "If I tell Babe," she reasoned, "wor'y will make her sick. I'll just have to fight it out alone." T.   T.   ANNIE THOMPSON, New York City BERYL E. and EUGENE C. THORNHILL, JR., New Orleans, La. THOMAS L. LOWRIE, JR., Miami, Fla. LOUISE,   IDA,   CLEMENTINE   and EVELYN RICHARDSON, Jefferson City, Mo. ##256 THE CRISIS January was here now. Never a winter before had Eva Lou been so plagued with good advice and flannels. At first she had listened civilly but unheedingly. Finally she firmly refused both. She wore as many as she needed.  As for spats and rubbers— "Well, I'll say not. Pumps ah the thing this wintuh. An' what if I do cough! Ev'rybody's got a cold this weathuh. You have yuhself." Daily tears did not move her. Fear and a hacking cough were breaking the splendid courage of Mary. Plum street, informed by Lucy, waited the prophecy's fulfillment in sympathetic certainty. Down the street Mary saw Dr. Dancey's car come slowly rolling. She had heard him say flu and pneumonia were rampant again. Suppose Eva should get either! She could not recover. That yellow tree would win and life come crashing to her feet. "I'll just have to take care of myself and get rid o' this grip I have—" Dr. Dancey was stopping at her door and helping Eva Lou alight. * "O Babe!" Mary cried as she dragged her unwilling body to the door and snatched it open. "Babe, are you sick? Are y'sick?" Dr. Dancey tried to quiet her. Eva Lou had an attack of grip—nothing more. A hot bath, hot drink, and long night's sleep would set her right. Mary knew he lied. Grip did not make you look as Babe did. Mary knew for days that the aching limbs and throbbing head she had were signs of grip. When she asked Babe she said she just felt weak. After Jasper and Eva Lou were asleep, Mary lay in bed and racked her fevered brain for means to thwart the threatening evil. Ah—the sure solution shone clear before her. Her tortured mind felt free and calm. A smile of cunning triumph crept over her face. She eased out of bed, slipped on her flannelette kimono and bedroom slippers. She crept in to look at Babe. She stared, then stooped and kissed the girl's hot lips. Sweet little Babe! Mother would save her. She raised her head and smiled in calm defiance across the sleeping girl at the shrouded figure of the waiting Death Angel near the window. Not yet would it get her ! She smiled with cunning triumph again at the silent figure. Why didn't it move? She knew. It was sorry. It had come in vain. Down the back stairs and into Jasper's tool room she floated. All pain had left her. Her thinking was clear and her body light as air. As she bent over the tool box she chuckled. She had never felt so certain of success since the day she married Jasper. Softly she drew out the bright, keen saw. In the kitchen she stopped for salt to sprinkle on the ice. She might slip. She floated around the house and to the youngest maple. Carefully she anointed its ice covered trunk and limbs with salt. Every crackle of the melting ice brought joy to her heart. When she felt a bare wet space on the tree she began sawing— haltingly, unrhythmically. Over and over she whispered exultantly. "The yellow tree lied! The yellow tree lied!" Once she stopped to wonder why she was not cold, but she was so light and warm it seemed a waste of time. Not even her feet were cold. The saw was almost through the tree. She raised herself to gloat over its fall. But it was not a tree. It was that same Angel of Death. The laugh froze in her throat. His face was uncovered and he was smiling. He swayed toward her once —twice. Suppose he should rush over her and get Babe anyway! She laughed now— sweet, carefree. She still would win. She would hold him—if it were forever. The Angel swayed again and fell into her outstretched arms. They held each other. Early in the morning slow moving Jasper found her there on the ice with the tree over her. They buried her yesterday. Eva Lou wore white mourning. Lucy, voicing the query of Plum street, asked Reverend Gordon why the yellow tree took the wrong one. CHARLES P. WARREN, Chicago, 111. ##THE 13th BIENNIAL OF THE N.A.C.W. Jessie Fauset MY attendance on the thirteenth biennial session of the National Association of Colored Women left me tingling, one might almost say, bristling, with impressions. There were so many different angles from which to receive them. And as this was my first visit to such a convention and also my first trip south of Washington, I was peculiarly susceptible. Picture a group of women with a nucleus of 456 delegates, constantly being enlarged by visitors and interested spectators and you have the first idea of the convention which met during the week of August 6, in Richmond, Va. There were literally all sorts of colored women there—black, white, brown, tall and short, portly and slender. Most of them registered a high average of intelligence and a striking knowledge of parliamentary law. Some represented the highest grade of mentality. All were alert, thoughtful and interested. The president of the N. A. C. W. is Miss Hallie Q. Brown, of Wilberforce, Ohio. In a comprehensive opening address she laid special stress on the relation of the N. A. C. W. to woman suffrage. "This organization", she declared, "should be the schoolmistress to teach proper use of the ballot; to teach us to study situations and conditions that we may vote wisely for our best interests; and that those who have the ballot may help those denied this right; to this end we have organized everywhere civic clubs to combat indifference, ignorance, and exploitation of the Negro woman's vote." The evening sessions were thrown open to the public at large, and several remarkable and enlightening addresses were delivered. But the real work of the association was done in the days which were filled with business. The constitution was completely revised and an election of officers held. The list of officers follows: President, Miss Hallie Q. Brown, Wilberforce University, Ohio ; Vice-President-at-large, Mrs. Mary McLeod Bethune, Daytona, Fla. ; Chairman, Executive Board, Mrs. Sallie W. Stewart, Evansville, Ind.; First Recording Secretary, Mrs. Jane Porter Barrett, Peake, Va.; Second Recording Secretary, Mrs. W. P. B. Williams, Tuskegee, Ala. ; Corresponding Secretary, Mrs. Daisy Lampkin, Pittsburgh, Pa.; Treasurer, Mrs. C. R. McDowell, Hannibal, Mo. Of course all this was purely routine business. The purpose of the organization showed itself in the activities of the departmental workers of the N. A. C. W. who by demonstration, discussion, lectures, delivery of papers presented their special interests to the audience. Many of these departmental leaders had secured the services of men and women who had made a special study of some peculiar activity and who were able therefore to speak with authority. Thus Mrs. Louisa J. Ross, of New Orleans, spoke on home hygiene; Mr. Eugene Kinckle Jones of the National Urban League on organized charity; Mr. Forrester B. Washington of Detroit on mechanical training for boys and girls; Mrs. J. E. Ship, registered Spencer corsetiere of Jackson, Miss., on correct posture for health ; Miss Jessie Fauset on the development of modern Negro poetry; Mr. Montgomery Gregory on the needs of Negro scenarios for the theatre. The departments whose work was presented were those of needlework, fine arts. MISS HALLIE Q. BROWN 257 ##258 THE CRISIS forestry, social science, associated charities, juvenile court, eugenics, home economics, literature, lynching, defense, health and hygiene, neighborhood union, colored business women, industry, scholarship, peace and foreign relations, moral standards and citizenship. At evening meetings Mr. James Weldon Johnson and Mr. Walter F. White, of the N. A. A. C. P., spoke with precision and passion on the anti-lynching bill; Mr. N. D. Brascher, editor of the Associated Negro Press, discussed "The Press and Publicity for Club Workers"; Mrs Margaret Peck Hill of Baltimore, spoke of the work of the W. C. T. U. against the evils of tobacco and liquor; Mrs. F. R. Givens, of Louisville, Ky., Mrs. Casely Hayford of Sierra Leone, and Miss Jessie Fauset, spoke on Africa. The latter interpreted the meaning of the Pan-African Congress; Mrs. Givens recounted the experiences gained recently on her six months' tour of West Africa; and Mrs. Hayford in native costume gave her hearers information at first hand about the needs of African women. The audience responded to her with a generous gift of $154 for the school which she plans to start on her return to Africa in October. The political note was again sounded at the final evening meeting by Mrs. Dodson of Iowa, who represented the National Woman's Republican League, and by Mrs. Isabella Kendig-Gill, of the National Woman's Party, who stressed the economic, property and parental rights of women. Thus much for the mere outline of the convention. Now to impressions, to the intangible something which the stranger brings away from such a gathering. First, Richmond excels in hospitality. Under the leadership of Mrs. Ora Brown Stokes, kindliness, courtesy, helpfulness were lavished on the delegates. Most of the meetings of the convention were held in the Ebenezer Baptist Church, whose pastor is the Rev. Mr. Stokes. At the opening of the sessions the Richmond club women presented a remarkable program, "Richmond Night", in the City Auditorium. Addresses of welcome were made by the Mayor, the Secretary of the Governor and the Adjutant-General; by the State President of Clubs, Mrs. Jane Porter Barret; by the President of Religious Organizations, Mrs. Margaret R. Johnson, and by Mrs. Maggie C. Walker, for the City Federation of Clubs; the Richmond Choral, under Madam Savella Briggs, and the Sabbath Glee Club delighted the vast audience with most wonderful choruses of classical anthems and spirituals. On Thursday, August 10, the entire delegation was feted by the women of the First Baptist Church, a singularly beautiful structure. The guests were received in the lecture room of the church which, by the aid of palms and flowers, had been converted into an attractive reception hall. Mrs. W. T. Johnson was chairman of this committee. On Friday night Mrs. Mary L. Carter presided at a general reception given at the Council of Colored Women's Building. It would be hard to decide which of these three ceremonies of welcome was the most attractive. Each vied with the other in brilliance and cordiality. Secondly, out of the mass of routine and speech-making one caught glimpses of the immense activities which the N. A. C. W. has set in motion. The real reason for the revision of the constitution lay in the need for expansion to meet the work of these remarkable women who are engaged in every conceivable movement destined to benefit womanhood and childhood. To be concrete, in Alabama and Oklahoma, for example, these club women have bought farms, put up buildings and have turned them into reformatories for. colored delinquents. So successful have they been that these states have taken over these institutions. Elsewhere they have built old folks' homes and orphanages and have opened playgrounds. They have been demonstrators of practical methods in dressmaking and housekeeping. They support community centres and help maintain their local branches of the N. A. C. W. The women of Ohio and Kentucky specialize in giving scholarships and expend thousands of dollars in this way annually. When the National Convention was held in 1920, at Tuskegee, it instituted plans which this biennial completed, for the founding of a thousand dollar scholarship in memory of Mr. Washington. This year the N. A. C. W. completed the redemption of the Frederick Douglass Memorial which consisted in clearing of debt the old Douglass homestead at Cedar Hill and in making it an historical shrine. Mrs. Mary B. Talbert of Buffalo is the president for life of the Douglass Memorial and Historical Association and her work in this connection deserves a chapter to itself.## DEDICATION OF  'THE DOUGLASS HOME" AUG 12th 1922 Scurlock, Photo THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF COLORED WOMEN DEDICATES   THE   HOME OF FREDERICK DOUGLASS AS AN HISTORIC SHRINE ##260 THE CRISIS The final action of this convention of the N. A. C. W. was the appointment of an anti-lynching delegation representing the 14 pivotal states of the fall campaign, who waited on Senator Shortbridge and President Harding on Monday, August 14, 1922. At this meeting Miss Brown said in part: In the name of the National Association of Colored Women and in behalf of all of the colored women in the country, we urge the Senate to pass promptly the Dyer Anti-Lynching Bill, which is now before this body. We urge it as women because in the last 35 years 83 women have been lynched. We urge it as American citizens because in the same period the 1,472 lynchings that have taken place shame our country before the civilized world. We urge it as voters because the Republican party in its platform (adopted in Chicago in 1920) pledged itself to take steps to abolish this iniquity. President Harding made the recommendation to Congress in his first message to take steps "to wipe the stain of barbaric lynching from the banner of a free and orderly representative democracy" and the Republican party now in power can carry out these pledges. Thirdly, the National Association of Colored Women has its hand in all possible activities concerning colored people, from the welfare of the smallest dark orphan in Texas to the fate of the Anti-Lynching Bill in the Senate.   It is a great and far-reaching organization with immense possibilities. It has its faults, it is true. At this convention, my first and so my most clearly defined, I saw too much bickering, too many personal, petty, needless jealousies, too many antagonisms insufficiently veiled, not enough appreciation of the fact that one person or one club or one faction cannot have all the honor; that many must help in order that one may rise, and that the glory of the one rising is not one whit greater than the glory of those who support. There was a great deal to discourage, even to dismay, the young or new club aspirant. But with all this there was much more to encourage and inspire. These women have their eyes fixed on an ideal—Service to Mankind—and nothing can hold them back from it. Already they have learned the first principles of co-operation. There was no dissension so prolonged or so emphatic that it could not finally yield to compromise. The sincerity, the determination, the forthrightness of womanhood are in this N. A. C. W. and that quality which makes women so much more than men realize that the practical good is in the last analysis the thing to be secured. These women have proved that they are determined, above all else, to secure it. ANTI-LYNCHING DELEGATION TO PRESIDENT HARDING, AUGUST 14, 1922 (First row, left to right) Mrs. Ida Brown, New Jersey; Miss Mary B. Jackson, Rhode Island; Mrs. Ida W. Barnett, Illinois; Mrs. Mary Parrish, Kentucky; Miss Hallie Q. Brown, Ohio; Mrs. Minnie Scott, Ohio; Mrs. Cora Home, New York; Mrs. Estelle Davis, Ohio; Mrs. E. G. Rose, Delaware (Second row) Mrs. Lethia Fleming, Ohio; Mrs. Ida Postles, Michigan; Mrs. Pearl Winters, California; Mrs. Myrtle F. Cook, Missouri; Mrs. C. Chiles, Kansas; Mrs. Ruth Bennett, Pennsylvania. ##National Association for the Advancement of Colored People THE DYER BILL WE take two forward steps of deep importance : 1. The American Bar Association, the most influential group of lawyers in the land, has endorsed and urged Federal action against lynching. 2. On Wednesday, August 30, after five days' work by the Secretary in Washington, the Steering Committee of the United States Senate met and placed the Dyer Anti-Lynching Bill on the program of legislative measures to be brought up at the present session. One of the means used by the N. A. A. C. P. to impress upon the Senate the urgent necessity of the immediate passage of the Bill was the securing of interested persons who would undertake to have introduced and passed in the various state Republican conventions resolutions endorsing the Dyer Bill and urging its immediate passage by the Senate. Already encouraging results have been reported. In Indiana Mr. Gilchrist Stewart of New York was instrumental in securing such a resolution which said: "We urge and favor the immediate passage by the United States Senate of the Dyer Bill, already passed by the House of Representatives, making lynching and burning a Federal crime." In Colorado Mr. George W. Gross, President of the Denver Branch of the N. A. A. C. P., secured the passage of a resolution by the Colorado State Republican Convention, which stated: "We urge the Senate of the United States to pass without delay the Dyer Ani-Lynching Bill." On August 15, through Mr. T. G Nutter, President of the Charleston Branch of the N. A. A. C. P., and member of the West Virginia State Legislature, a resolution was passed by the West Virginia State Republican Convention declaring: "We urge the Congress of the United States to pass, without delay, the Dyer Anti-Lynching Bill." Through the efforts of Mr. Harry E. Davis of Cleveland, Congressman Simeon D. Fess and others of the Ohio State Republican Convention on August 23 passed a resolution urging "immediate passage of the Dyer Bill". One of the most encouraging steps was the action of the American Bar Association at its meeting in San Francisco on August 10, when it urged upon the Congress the passage of a Federal law against lynching. At its meeting in 1921 the American Bar Association appointed a Committee on Law Enforcement composed of Mr. W. B. Swaney, of Chattanooga, Tenn., chairman; ex-Governor Charles S. Whitman of New York; Mr. Wade H. Ellis of Washington, former assistant to the United States Attorney General; Judge Marcus Kavanagh of Chicago; and Mr. Charles W. Farnham of St. Paul. This committee held hearings at various points, the most important of them being in Washington in March, in Chicago in April, and in New York in June. The N. A. A. C. P. was invited to have a representative appear at these hearings and Mr. Johnson did appear at Washing ton and Chicago. On each of these occasions Mr. Johnson presented the facts regarding the danger of lynching to the American government, the failure of certain states to check lynchings or punish lynchers, and the urgent necessity of Federal legislation It is felt that the strong endorsement of Federal anti-lynching legislation by the American Bar Association, composed as il is of the most eminent and influential lawyers in the country, including men like William Howard Taft, Chief Justice of the United States Supreme Court, Charles Evans Hughes, Secretary of State; Moorfield Storey and others, was largely due to the work of Mr. Johnson. With previous endorsements of the Dyer Bill and of Federal anti-lynching legislation, including the Attorney-General of the United States, the Judiciary Committees of the House of Rep resentatives and the Senate, 19 justices of state supreme and superior courts, and many other eminent jurists, the legal opinion of 261 ##262 THE CRISIS the country on the score of the constitutionality of the Dyer Bill is so overwhelmingly favorable that there can be no longer any cause for refusal to act on that ground by any member of the Senate. Another important and encouraging step was the statement of President Harding to the Congress on August 18 when, in discussing the rail strike, he confessed the impotence of the government to protect the lives of aliens or to take any part in suppressing the disorders incident upon the coal strike. While he did not specifically mention the Dyer Bill by name, he urged the passage of Federal legislation to end mob outlawry. In part, President Harding in asking the passage of a bill now pending designed to protect aliens in their treaty rights, said: The matter has been before Congress on many previous occasions. President Tyler in his first annual message advised Congress that inasmuch as "the Government is charged with the maintenance of peace and the preservation of amicable relations with the nations of the earth, it ought to possess without question all the reasonable and proper means of maintaining the one and preserving the other." President Harrison asked for the same bestowal of jurisdiction. . . President McKinley, dealing with a like problem in 1899, asked the conferring upon Federal courts jurisdiction in that class of international cases where the ultimate responsibility of the Federal Government may be involved. President Roosevelt uttered a like request to Congress in 1906, and President Taft pointed out the defect in the present Federal jurisdiction when he made his inaugural address in 1909.   .   . . My renewal of this oft-made recommendation is impelled by a pitiable sense of Federal impotence to deal with the shocking crime at Herrin, 111., which so recently shamed and horrified the country.   .   . . Had it happened in any other land than our own, and the wrath of righteous justice were not effectively expressed, we should have pitied the civilization that would tolerate and sorrow for the Government unwilling or unable to mete out just punishment.   .   . . It is deplorable that there are or can be American communities where even there are citizens, not to speak of public officials, who believe mob warfare is admissable to cure any situation. It is terrorizing to know that such madness may be directed against men merely for choosing to accept lawful employment. I wish the Federal Government to be able to put an end to such crimes against civilization and punish those who sanction them. At the present writing the Tariff Bill, which for four months has been pending before the Senate, has been passed. Legislation on the bonus is next to be taken up and from all present indications will be passed within a fortnight. The Anti-Lynching Bill is to be taken up at the conclusion of the debate on the bonus measure. The National Office has recently polled the Senate and it is a source of great gratification to the National Office, and will be to all friends of the Dyer Bill, to know that we already have a definite majority assured in the Senate and that the Dyer Bill is sure of passage whenever it is brought to a vote. Every possible effort is being put forth to impress upon the Senate the necessity of passing this measure before the November elections.   Splendid meetings have been held throughout   the   State   of Massachusetts where Senator Lodge, Republican Leader of the Senate, is seeking re-nomination by the Republican Party.    The most notable of these meetings have been held at Springfield, Worcester and New Bedford. The Springfield meeting was held at the City Auditorium and the principal speakers were Congressman Dyer; Mr. Gillett of Massachusetts, Speaker of the House; and Mr. Johnson.    Wide newspaper publicity was given to this and other meetings and in addition the facts of the Bill and the need for Federal legislation against lynching have been furnished upon numerous occasions to every newspaper in the State of Massachusetts.  The results have been most encouraging, and sentiment in the State of Massachusetts has been aroused to the point that Mr. Lodge has been shown definitely that the Dyer Bill must pass if he wishes to secure the votes of a considerable element of voters, both white and colored, who are in favor of the measure. It would not be fitting to end this discussion of the steps which have been taken on the Dyer Bill without paying tribute to the many organizations, both colored and white, which have passed strong resolutions endorsing the bill and the splendid work of the colored press which has done so much to arouse public sentiment in favor of the measure. There appeared on August 21 a despatch in the New York Evening Post stating that after passing the Tariff Bill on August 19, the Senate would take up on the 23rd the Bonus Bill and that all indications pointed ##John H. Un thank, New York City Miriam J. Paterson, Atlanta, Ga. Sarah L. Byrd, Athens, Ga. R. Janniere, Erie, Pa. Harold Tabbs, Chicago, III. James Merchant, Chicago, 111. Thelma Frilot, Olizier, La. Dorothy V. Clark, Washington, D. C. Julian W. Dempsey, Stamford, Conn. Emma T. Sangster, Uniontown, Ala. Charles W. McNeill, Bartow, Fla. Herman A. Schwecke, St.   Augustine, Fla. Cecil James, Jr., St. Louis, Mo. Edith McCritty, Liberia, West Africa Doretha Branic, New York City George  W. Hodges, Rome, Ga. 263 ##264 THE CRISIS to the passage of that measure within ten days. The same despatch also stated that a conference was planned for the week of the 20th between the President and the leaders of both Houses of the Congress to determine on the legislative program for the remainder of the session of Congress. The National Office has realized and maintained from the beginning that the most certain way to secure passage of the Dyer Bill would be to have a vote taken in the Senate prior to the November elections, while Senators seeking re-election would be more inclined to heed the wishes of colored voters. When the despatch mentioned above was read, the National Office immediately set to work. First, a telegram which later was given to the press, was sent to President Harding. It read: We have been advised that there is to be held this week a conference between the leaders of the Senate and the President to agree upon the legislative program for the remainder of this session. With the Tariff Bill out of the way and an early vote expected on the bonus measure, the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People with 423 branches and 100,000 members respectfully urges that you use your power and influence towards securing consideration of the Dyer Anti-Lynching Bill immediately after consideration of the Bonus Bill. Mob violence and the lynching of American citizens is continuing and urgent public sentiment demands the immediate passage of legislation which will give the Federal Government authority to end mob outrages as pointed out by you in your address to the Congress on August 18. It is necessary to protect the lives of aliens through Federal authority but is it not equally important to say the least, that the lives of American citizens be protected from mobs as well? At the same time telegrams were sent to 25 of the largest branches located in strategic political centers advising them of the situation and urging that they send telegrams to their Senators, get other organizations and individuals to do the same, and to get in touch with all nearby towns and have them send such messages, that individual members of the Senate might know that it was incumbent upon them to see that action was taken on the Dyer Bill at this session of Congress. , DEFEAT OF CONGRESSMEN F0LL0WING the declarations made by colored voters and by the N. A. A. C. P. during the debate in the House of Representatives on the Dyer Anti-Lynching Bill, determined efforts are being put forth in a number of states to defeat Congressmen who voted against the Bill. These statements served notice upon the various Congressmen from states in which the Negro vote played an important part and wherever Negroes voted, declaring in unequivocal tones that these Congressmen could not expect the support of Negro voters if they voted against the Dyer Bill. The clearest cut issue is in the State of Michigan. Congressman Patrick J. Kelley of the Sixth Michigan Congressional District alone of all the Congressmen from that state voted against the Dyer Bill. Mr. Kelley attempted to justify his action on the ground that he had personal doubts as to the constitutionality of the measure, although the Attorney-General of the United States and the House Judiciary Committtee had declared the Bill constitutional. Mr. Kelley is a candidate for the Republican senatorial nomination in Michigan against the present incumbent, Senator Charles E. Townsend. The National Office has urged upon several occasions, through its 16 branches in that state, that Mr. Kelley be defeated. Senator Townsend has come out unequivocally for the Bill and is working to have it brought to a vote in the Senate at an early date. In taking this action the Association emphasized as strongly as possible that colored voters should not consider this as a narrow, partisan, political issue, but as a clear cut test by which they could determine who were the friends of anti-lynching legislation and the cause of law and order above that of the mob. Similar action has been taken in the case of Congressman R. Wayne Parker, representing the Ninth Congressional District of New Jersey, who also was the sole Congressman from his state to vote against the Bill. The National Office has impressed upon its Orange and Newark Branches, which are both in the Ninth Congressional District, to exert their utmost efforts to defeat Mr. Parker. As in the case of Mr. Kelley, the National Office has emphasized that Negroes can no longer blindly follow any political party but must vote independently for those candidates who have shown by their records that they are opposed to mob violence and are willing to do what they can to check it. Strong letters were written to Republican ##STUDENT Y. M. C. A. WORK 265 leaders in the Senate setting forth the urgent necessity of consideration of and vote upon the Bill at this session of the Senate. For the information of colored voters, we give again the names of those members of the House of Representatives who voted against the Dyer Bill when it was passed in January. Keep this list before you, circulate it among colored voters and white as well, if any of these men come from your districts and are seeking re-election at your hands! Republican Congressmen who voted against the Dyer Anti-Lynching Bill: CALIFORNIA OKLAHOMA Henry E. Barbour Manuel Herrick Charles F.  Curry Alice M. Robertson John I. Nolan OREGON DELAWARE Nicholas  J. Sinnott Caleb  R. Layton PENNSYLVANIA IDAHO Evan J. Jones Burton L. French TENNESSEE MAINE Joe Brown Ira G. Hersey Wynne F. Clouse MASSACHUSETTS VIRGINIA Robert Luce C. Bascomb Slemp MICHIGAN WISCONSIN Patrick h. Kelley William  H. Staffed NEW JERSEY Richard   Wayne Parker THE BRONZE LEGACY (To a Brown Boy) Effie Lee Newsome 'Tis a noble gift to be brown, all brown, Like the strongest things that make up this earth, Like the mountains grave and grand, Even like the very land, Even like the trunks of trees— Even oaks, to be like these! God builds His strength in bronze. To be brown like thrush and lark! Like the subtle wren so dark! Nay, the king of beasts wears brown ; Eagles are of this same hue. I thank God, then, I am brown. Brown has mighty things to do. MOTHERHOOD Georgia Douglass Johnson DON'T knock on my door, little child, I cannot let you in; You know not what a world this is, Of cruelty and sin. Wait in the still eternity Until I come to you. The world is cruel, cruel, child, I cannot let you through. Don't knock at my heart, little one, I cannot bear the pain Of turning deaf ears to your call, Time and time again. You do not know the monster men Inhabiting the earth. Be still, be still, my precious child, I cannot give you birth. A DECADE OF STUDENT Y. M. G. A. WORK C. H. Tobias TEN years ago William Alpheus Hunton, assisted by David D. Jones and the writer, conducted the first colored student conference of the Young Men's Christian Associations at King's Mountain, N. C. Of course student conferences had been held before that time, but they were small weekend gatherings largely inspirational in character because there was little time for a serious effort at training. This was the first attempt to run a standard ten-day conference after the plan of the conference for Eastern college students at Northfield, Mass. Twenty-nine schools and colleges were represented. Since that time the conference has met annually with the exception of the year 1914, when a convention of students was held in Atlanta, Ga. The purposes of this annual gathering of students are: 1. To bring students of the different schools and colleges together in discussion, council and prayer. 2. To establish points of contact between student delegates and Christian leaders. ##266 THE CRISIS LEADERS  OF  FIRST  Y.  M.  C.  A.   CONFERENCE   FOR  SOUTHWEST,  COLEMAN COLLEGE GIBSLAND, LA. 3. To promote systematic instruction that is designed: (a) to bring the delegates face to face with the moral and religious problems in our schools and in the world of affairs; (b) to strengthen their faith in the power of Jesus Christ to save individuals and the social order; (c) to guide them in the choice of a life calling; and (d) to increase their knowledge and efficient use of the principles and methods of Christian work employed by the Young Men's Christian Associations. Attendance  at the  conference has increased from year to year until it is now nearly three times as large as it was in the beginning in spite of the fact that an additional conference has been established for the students of the Southwest. As the conference has grown, so the local associations have increased its numbers and effectiveness for service, and the group of colored associations as a whole has gained in prestige and power with the national and international movements of which it is a part. It may be interesting to point out a few illustrations of this growth. At the 1913 session of the World's Student Christian Federation held at Lake Mohonk, N. Y., there were thirteen colored delegates in attendance. They were in every sense a real part of this great cosmopolitan conference. The Christian Student Convention held in Atlanta in 1914 brought together 880 delegates and leaders from all parts of the country to consider the claims of unselfish service at home and abroad.   Many men AT A RECENT Y. M. C. A. CONFERENCE, COLEMAN COLLEGE, GIBSLAND, LA. ##SONG FOR A BANJO DANCE 267 now prominent in the work of the church and affiliated organizations made their life-work decisions in that convention. It was there that Max Yergan publicly announced his decision to devote his life to Christian service, a decision which afterwards led him to render war service in India, Africa and Europe, and led him only recently to return to Africa to initiate Y. M. C. A. work among the natives. There were approximately 300 Negro representatives at the Student Volunteer Convention held at Des Moines, Iowa, two years ago, and this, in spite of the fact that practically no outlet for missionary enthusiasm on the part of Negro volunteers is offered by most of the great mission boards. During the war colored students subscribed more than $64,000 to the Christian student relief funds. Because of the interest shown by colored students in relief work, the writer was appointed a member of a special commission that was sent to Europe last summer to make a survey of the relief work in the university centres of Central Europe. At the recent session of the World's Student Christian Federation in Peking, China, Prof. Willis J. King of Gammon Theological Seminary represented the colored students of America. Prof. King has been made a member of the Executive Committee of the Federation. There are two colored members of the National Student Council, an organization consisting of two representatives from the field council of each student conference area that advise with the International Committee in shaping policies and programs of work among students. Prof. J. W. Barco, of Union University, and Mr. Walter W. Goens, of Howard University, are the colored members of this council. Reference has been made to a conference for the students of the Southwest. It should be said that this conference under the direction of Mr. William C. Craver, secretary cf the Southwestern Student Area, has just held its first regular session at Gibsland, La., with representatives from forty schools and colleges. A tenth anniversary of the King's Mountain Conference has just been held at which time there was a memorial service in honor of William A. Hunton, the founder. Also due recognition was given to the services rendered by David D. Jones, Max Yergan, Alexander L. Jackson and Mordecai W. Johnson, all of whom served as student secretaries during the past ten years and are now in other fields of labor. In this brief outline of the work of the student Y. M. C. A. the references have been mainly to outward evidences of progress. Important as these are, they do not compare with the unseen spiritual forces that from time to time have found expression in recovered moral balance in the lives of men, in the fixing of ideals, in the discovery of aptitudes leading to life work decisions and in many other ways that cannot be recorded. SONG FOR A BANJO DANCE Langston Hughes SHAKE your brown feet, honey, Shake your brown feet, chil', Shake your brown feet, honey, Shake 'em swift and wil'— Get way back, honey, Do that low-down step. Get on over, darling, Now! Step out With your left. Shake your brown feet, honey, Shake 'em, honey chil'. Sun's going down this evening— Might never rise no mo'. The sun's going down this very night— Might never rise no mo'— So dance with swift feet, honey, (The banjo's sobbing low), Dance with swift feet, honey— Might never dance no mo'. Shake your brown feet, Liza, Shake 'em, Liza, chil', Shake your brown feet, Liza, (The music's soft and wil'). Shake your brown feet, Liza, (The banjo's sobbing low), The sun's going down this very night— Might never rise no mo'.## The Horizon COMPILED      BY    MADELINE      G.  ALLISON . G A Father and Son Banquet has been held in Monrovia, Cal., under the auspices of the Y. M. C. A. Questions relating to the boy's responsibility to his father, his church and his school were discussed. • There were 5,000 people present at the spelling match for pupils of the public schools at Detroit, Mich. On the stage were George Nurse, colored, and Justine Pearsall, white, competing for first honors. When the word "peace", the opposite of war, was given to Justine she spelled the wrong word twice and was given a third opportunity to spell it correctly. Then George was given "Hawaii". He began with capital "H", then he stopped and started over and forgot to use the capital, but he spelled the word correctly; however, he was disqualified for this and the little white girl was acclaimed champion amidst great applause from the crowd, most of whom were white. Out of 140 contestants, 8 colored pupils were prize winners, among them Lucile Nuttall, with George Nurse as champion de facto. • The Playground Basketball Team of Hamilton Grammar School, San Francisco, Cal., is the holder of 3 city championships in volleyball and basketball. The players are Daisy Pera, Assyrian, captain; Lois Williamson, East Indian; Lois Davis, colored American; Henrietta Padilla, Mexican; Netti Drolich, Austrian; Gladys Schultz, white American; Adelina Yaeger, white American; Shizu Saki, Japanese; Hana Suzuki, Japanese. • "Baby Brother" has 7 brothers and 2 sisters and is an uncle! When he was 5 weeks old he was introduced to the stage for the purpose of reconciling a wife and a husband. Since then his picture has appeared in the movies and on advertising bulletins and slides. He lives in Memphis, Tenn., and is the son of Mr. and Mrs. Carter. • At the second annual Children's Carnival and Spring Festival held in Brooklyn, N. Y., the program included the minuet, Spanish, Scottish, Russian and ballet dances by pupils of Miss Grace Giles. • The eighth biennial conference of Grand Chapters of the Order of Eastern Star has been held in Washington, D. C. The conference is composed of 29 Grand Chapters in America and one in the Dominion of Canada, and represents a membership of 100,000, with a half-million dollars in their combined treasuries. As part of its important business the conference passed a resolution endorsing the Dyer Anti-Lynching Bill and urging its immediate passage by the Senate. Mrs. S. Joe Brown, of POSTERS DISTRIBUTED BY CHILD WELFARE ASSOCIATION, AT TO FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK CITY 268 ##AT THE FATHER AND SON BANQUET LUCILE NUTTALL GEORGE NURSE PLAYGROUND   BASKETBALL TEAM "BABY BROTHER" AT THE CHILDREN'S CARNIVAL 269 ##270 THE CRISIS Des Moines, Iowa, was elected International Worthy Matron. At the next conference, which will be held in Pittsburgh in 1924, it is expected that representatives from Africa and the Isles of the Sea will be in attendance. • Into Africa has been introduced the boy and girl scouts movement. Our photograph shows a scout troop of native children of Sierra Leone who posed for a picture before starting on a hike. The elected leaders are enthroned in true king and queen fashion, attended by the chief counsel in silk high hat, and by members of their juvenile court. • The Henry Street Settlement in New York City has a branch known as Lincoln House. The activities are in charge of Miss Lillian D. Wald, a widely known white social worker. • The Girls' Work Department of the Y. W. C. A. in Dayton, Ohio, has held a vocational conference. Among features considered in the occupations presented were the time and expense for training, physical qualifications, natural aptitude, salary and opportunities for advancement. • Hattie E. Hammond, a 15-year-old colored student at Wiley High School, Terre Haute, Ind., wrote the prize story for the year. Her subject was "The Lost Strain". During her school career she has lost only one and one-half days by absence, and her grades have kept above the average. Miss Hammond is also a pianist and a violinist. • Among recipients of the annual scholarship awards to the John Herron Art School in Indianapolis, is George William Guess, a Negro youth of Jefferson County, Indiana. • Thomas M. Dexter, a Negro in Marion County, Indiana, has been named to succeed the late Henry Abrains, white, as Republican candidate for the legislature. In the primaries election, Mr. Dexter lost nomination by 177 votes. In this county there are 15,000 Negro voters. • The annual meeting of the National Urban League will be held in Pittsburgh, Pa., October 18-20. • Musical America of July 15 contains an article, "Texas Library Sheds Light on Early Spanish Music"; the August number of the Musical Observer publishes "Africa in Song". Both articles are written by Mrs. Maud Cuney Hare. • Irene Elizabeth Graham has been awarded the degree of Master of Music at the Chicago Musical College. Moses Boguslawski was her instructor for the piano, and Felix Borowski in composition. • Because of continued ill health, Edward T. Ware has resigned the presidency of Atlanta University. Mr. Ware has been connected with the school for 25 years, serving as president for 15 years. He has been made President Emeritus and elected a regular trustee and president of the board. Until a new president is elected Dr. M. W. Adams will serve as acting president. • William Harris, a Negro, played first violin with the University of California summer session orchestra. Sascha Jacobinoff was the conductor, and several works of Negro composers were rendered. • Andrea Razaf and Hughie Woolford, two Negroes in New York City, were engaged by Hurtig and Seamon to write the scores for the "Social Maids", "Step On It", the "Greenwich Village Revue" and the "Bowery Burlesque". • According to the Metropolitan Life Insurance Company, there has been considerable improvement among Negroes during the past decade in death rates from tuberculosis, pneumonia, heart disease, Bright's disease, malaria, typhoid fever and pellagra. • Lucile Spence has received the Phi Beta Kappa Key at Hunter College, New York. She is a member of the class of February, '23. • A film to counteract the impression created in America by German stories of the "Black Horror" of the Rhine is in preparation at the Pathe Studio, near Paris. It will be sent to America. General Archinard, president of the Committee for Black Troops, a semi-official organization, is in charge of the production. • At the 18th annual session of the National Association of Teachers in Colored Schools, Dr. John A. Gregg, president of Wilberforce University, was elected president. Sixteen other officers, including 7 women, were installed. The meeting next year will convene at Tuskegee Institute. • Eugene Edgar Page has been discovered in Sacramento, Cal., as a poet and composer. His composition "Thinking" was sung recently by Mrs. Fred O'Neil, with Mr. Page as accompanist. • George W. Goodman, of Hartford, Conn., was graduated in June from high school as class orator. He played in 3 sports and was classed as one of the best half-backs ##AFRICAN SCOUTS PLAY-STREET IN FRONT OF LINCOLN HOUSE AT THE VOCATIONAL CONFERENCE 271 ##272 THE CRISIS George W. Goodman Countee P. Cullen Mary  P. Pierre Blanche Emanuel in the state; he was a member of the all-state interscholastic eleven for 3 years. He was also selected to represent his school in a state oratorical contest and out of 15 competitors he was one of 3 prize winners; in the annual Batterson Prize Debate, his team won the affirmative side of the question, "Resolved, That the Philippine Islands Be Granted Their Independence by the United States". He is the first Negro student to be appointed through competition to the editorial board of the school paper. One of the largest boys' clubs in the school, averaging 400 members, had Mr. Goodman as its secretary. • Countee P. Cullen is the premier poet of New York's score of high schools. In 1918 he entered DeWitt Clinton High School where, during his first term, his instructor urged the boys to try their hand at writing verse. Cullen tried and thought no more of it. Later the teacher left the school and went West. A year later Cullen chanced upon a Western magazine in which he read an article on poetry by his former teacher and, what interested him most, his poem. It was then that he decided to write poetry. His poem "I Have a Rendezvous With Life" was awarded first prize in a contest held under the auspices of the Empire Federation of Women's Clubs; "In Memory of Lincoln" captured second prize in the contest conducted by the Sorosis Club. He demonstrated his ability as a speaker by winning the Douglas Fairbanks oratorical contest, and as a journalist by working his way to the editorship of the Clinton News, the high school weekly. He was, while in High School, an officer of the Inter-High School Poetry Society, chairman of the help classes at DeWitt, leader of the Arista, vice-president of the senior class, First Lieutenant of the Dotey Squad and a member of the Clinton Club. He is now a freshman at New York University. • Mary P. Pierre is a student at the New Jersey Institute of Music. She has been awarded a diamond medal for having passed examinations and tests with 100 percent. Miss Pierre was born in Washington, D. C, in 1905, her father being Dr. Samuel M. Pierre. She attended the public school and began the study of music at the age of eight, from Miss Teatley; later from Miss M. Gordon, and finally at the New Jersey Institute. She is studying piano, organ and violin and after her graduation next June she will undoubtedly become a soloist on each of these instruments. • In the poetry contest conducted by Public School No. 69, in New York City, Blanche Emanuel won the five dollar gold prize. One of her poems was published in the graduation number of the Wadleigh High School magazine. Miss Emanuel is the winner of a scholarship offered by the Kappa Gamma Kappa sorority. • The following lynchings have taken place since our last record: Hot Springs, Ark., August 1, Gilbert Harris; fatally wounding white man Holton, Ga., August 1, John Glover; murder Swansboro, N. C, August 6, Bayner Blackwell; ringleader in assault Lambert, Miss., August 23, John Steelman ;, assault on white woman Bossier Parish, La., August 30, Thomas Rivers; assault on white woman. ##The Looking Glass LITERATURE ROBERT LOUIS STEVENSON, in a "Child's Garden of Verses": A child should always say what's true, And do as he is told to do; And behave mannerly at table, At least as far as he is able. *   * * We have received "The Negro in Masonic Literature", a compilation by Harry A. Williamson, Past Deputy Grand Master and Historian of the Order of Masons. This is a unique and valuable piece of work. The "Rising Temper of the East", by Frazier Hunt, deals with the personal experiences of the author in Australia, Korea, Japan, China, India, Egypt, the Philippines, Haiti and Mexico. Mr. Hunt, after describing British rule in India, turns to the Philippines which he speaks of as "Our Little India".   The Literary Review says: The book is a valuable one, despite the fact that it omits probably the most vital feature of the entire situation. Mr. Hunt is seemingly surprised that all these countries should be on the point of revolt. There is nothing surprising about it. You cannot have a Chinese graduate from an American college and then go back to his country and back to the rice paddies without talking. He explains to his fellows that there is something more to life than living in mud huts and paying tribute to a people they never saw. He arouses them to a more intelligent view of life, and an infusion of intelligence will shake mere troglodytes out of their lethargy and set them going. Mexican peons, Philippine taos, Indian ryots, Egyptian fellaheen, Siberian peasants, Chinese coolies, and Haitian habitants will ail some day ride in automobiles or do whatever else connotes twentieth century civilization. But they will not overthrow Western civilization as soon as they shall have arrived. They cannot. Nor will they wish to. They will need us as customers in the world trade. THE PRESS AND "BACK TO AFRICA" NEW YORK press comment on the Garvey   propaganda   makes Jnteresting reading,   Charles C. Lawton writes in the New York Sun: I understand that Marcus Garvey is a West Indiana subject of Great Britain, and in no way empowered to speak for 12,000,000 native born Americans. To my mind, nothing could be more tragic than any attempt to carry out such a plan, which only a theorist could conceive. Perhaps those whose "interest in the Negro" impels them to readily approve such a gigantic movement have never stopped to consider seriously the real meaning of Mr. Garvey's plan. It not only involves the deportation, as it were, of 12,000,000 Negroes from the United States, but also implies the evacuation of Africa by all whites who now reside there. Your correspondent also refers to America as "a white man's country". Such an assertion can be nothing but evidence of an amazing ignorance of American history as well as of the Bible. History teaches us that this country rightfully belongs to the Indian, in which event we have just as much right here as any one. *   * * The New York Call considers the slogan "America, a white man's country" a serious commentary on the pride and intelligence^of her black citizens: Garvey, according to accounts, accepts the Ku Klux Klan idea that the United States is the work of white men and that it belongs to the whites. As a matter of fact, it belongs to only a small portion of white owners. But for Garvey to concede this point to the Ku Klux Klan is to admit that the Negro, despite all his labors for 300 years .in this country, is not entitled to any share in the country which he has helped to build. The South itself rests upon the sweat, toil and agony of 300 years of Negro labor. Garvey is said to concede to the Ku Klux Klan its program of political ostracism and economic suppression of the Negro. He claims nothing for his race in American history and agrees that it should either accent the Ku Klux American program or his African program. Stay and be mudsills or get out and go to Africa. Thus two fundamentally antagonistic points of view are reconciled to the satisfaction of the two parties concerned. The question is whether the great mass of intelligent Negroes will concede that all their labors in the days of slavery and the later period of "freedom" justify the view that they are not entitled to share in the fruits of American progress just the same as every other human being. That concession, it seems to us, would be the most humiliating one that Negroes could make.   .   . . 273 ##274 THE CRISIS We do not believe that any such program can long survive among intelligent members of the Negro race, and we are certain that the working class section of it will not accept it in any great numbers. The New York Telegraph considers the author of the "African Empire" scheme, fit subject for a psychiatrist.   It declares: The individual, black or white, intelligent or dull, who even suggests cutting a large section of the earth up into duchies and founding a new state upon the aristocratic class concept, may not be a dangerous lunatic, but he certainly is in no sense a person to be trusted with the lives and for tunes of others. Africa is no undiscovered country. Its population already is mainly black, and there is no more reason why the destiny of the people should be placed in the hands of men of their own color from America or the Western Hemisphere than there is why they, because of respect for ancestors, should dictate the future of the cotton-field hands of the Southern States. The growth of democracy is the most notable political development of the last century; but it is not a democracy that Garvey purposes to establish in Africa. It is an empire. We must, compliment him for one thing. He does not dream on a small scale. But he dreams, and he dreams a dream that never can come true. * * * The New York Sun declares sensibly: The American Negro has not the slightest desire to go to Africa. Furthermore, in all the millions of square miles in Africa there is today no place ready for him. . . . Neither the intelligent, prosperous colored resident of Harlem, nor the field worker of Mississippi has any serious desire to go "back to Africa". It is no more a home land to him than Greenland would be. He has rooted more deeply in America than some of our more recent comers from Europe. Neither can he be coaxed. Some of his race may express sympathy with the idea, but when it comes to practice even these might hesitate. . . . There is no labor shortage in the Congo, no immediate room for any twelve or fifteen million immigrants. Even a million, if hastily transported thither, would meet with the initial hardships of immigrants everywhere, starvation and disease. * * * The Sun finishes with a comment on and a quotation from a modern author: In his new novel, the hero of which is a colored man, Mr. Irvin Cobb gives an accurate diagnosis of the case. In a scene where the proposed emigration is under discussion at a Negro meeting, one of the characters is asked why he is willing to go to Africa, to which he replies: "Who, me?" says 'Lisses. "You got me wrong! I ain't aimin' to remove myself nowhars. I is mos' comfor'ble whar I is at. No suh, whut I aims to do is to 'tach myse'f to the collector's office yere at home an' handle the money'dues." * * * We should call that a remarkably apt quotation. THE REAL "LAND OF THE FREE" TAR, MANOLL DE OLIVIERA LIMA, of Brazil, in speaking of social and racial problems of his country showed indirectly that the South American Republic was genuinely a land of liberty. The Boston Herald reports his speech at the Institute of Politics held in Williamstown, Mass.: After describing the early settlements of Brazil, Dr. Lima dwelt on the singular freedom of the country from religious differences. He said : "Brazil has always been a most tolerant country in religious matters, yet not an irreligious one. She gave the best proof of that tolerance when the church was separated from the state at the downfall of the empire. In order to maintain in activity such orders as the Benedictines, the Holy See called for European monks— Belgian and German—as the number of Brazilian novices was practically none. "The people saw with anger the patrimony of the Benedictines transferred to the management of foreign hands—but the courts decided that the transfer of property on such terms was perfectly legal and the government upheld the courts against mob riots. All hostility ceased and both religion and country profited by it." * * * There is no race problem in Brazil, says Dr. Lima: "Owing to her economical conditions as an agricultural country and to other circumstances and the total lack of organization of her aboriginal element Brazil had to import African slaves to a greater extent than any Spanish-American colony, and the result was that her black population was larger than any other in South America. Racial equality did not, however, become absolute with emancipation. There exists prejudice enough, especially among distinguished families, against miscegenation, but this last is freely practised among the people, in general, with the result that not only there is no race question in Brazil, conflicts or even controversies over the matter being, so to say, unknown, but that Negroes are rapidly disappearing, merging into the white population. "No Negroes are any longer imported and the white population increases all the time. Before the war, the number of colonists who landed in Brazil every year amounted to ##Maurice T. Lewis, Houston, Tex. Campbell Children, Tuskegee, Ala. Thomas Brumfield, Jr., Nashville, Tenn. Frances A. Chisutm, New  York City Selby Brownlee, Oakland, Cal. H. C. Dugas, Jr., Augusta, Ga. Vivian A. Talbert, Detroit, Mich. Fleming H. Powell, McAlester, Okla. 275 Helen and Henry Barley, McAlester, Okla. Pete,  Carle  and  Irving  White ; Jimita Evans, Leo and John Jones, Lexington, Va. Lillian   and   Charles   Sharp, Jr. Atlanta, Ga. Doris Foster, Atlanta, Ga. ##276 THE CRISIS 100,000 and more. The population amounts, according to the last census, to 30,635,605, of which the sixth part (probably more) is reputed colored. The census itself is not bothered with this distinction because the tendency of the people is to pass for white. The Brazilian solution of the racial question of the colored race, at least, is certainly wiser, more promising and above all more humane than any other solution which operates through separation or segregation." DUTY OF THE BLACK RADICAL CLAUDE McKAY believes that the test of radicalism is the genuine acceptance of the Negro in the class struggle. He writes in the Liberator, with which he has since severed his connection: Being a Negro, I think, it is my proud birthright to put the case of the Negro proletarian, to the best of my ability, before the white members of the movement to which I belong. For the problem of the darker races is a rigid test of radicalism. To some radicals it might seem more terrible to face than the barricades. But this racial question may be eventually the monkey wrench thrown into the machinery of American revolutionary struggle. "The Negro radical wants more than anything else to find in the working class movement a revolutionary attitude towards Negroes different from the sympathetic interest of bourgeois philanthropists and capitalist politicians. And if this difference is not practically demonstrated, Negro leaders can hardly go to the ignorant black masses and show them why they should organize and work by the standard of the white workers. Karl Marx's economic theories are hard to digest, and Negroes, like many other lazy-minded workers, may find it easier to put their faith in the gospel of that other Jew, Jesus. The Negroes might remain, in the United States of America, a solid army, twelve million strong, a reactionary mass, men, women and children. They might remain a reactionary fact, distrustful of the revolutionary activities of the white working class. They might remain the tool of the ruling class, to be used effectively, as in the past against radical labor. And in that event the black workers will suffer—the white workers will lose— the ruling class will win. And so it is not only the birthright of the Negro radical to educate the black worker, but it is also his duty to interpret him to the uninformed white radical who is prone to accept the colorful fiction rather than the stark reality of the Negro's struggle for full social and economic freedom. Where the white radical is quite sharp in detecting every bourgeois trap, however carefully hidden, that is set for the white worker, he very often loses his keen perceptions when he approaches the Negro question, and sometimes falls into the trap. And by his blunder he not only aids the bourgeoisie, but also the ultra-nationalist Negro leaders who, in their insistent appeal to the race prejudice of black against white, declare that no class of white people will ever understand the black race. NOTES ON LIBERIA  POSSIBLE financial relations between the United States and Liberia have stimulated our interest in the little republic. Henry F. Downing, former U. S. Consul at St. Paul de Loanda, tells us something about it in the Clyde, N. Y., Times: In the matter of natural resources, Liberia is far richer than any other land of similar size in West Africa. Her forests are full of mahogany, teak, ebony and other valuable hard woods, also woods suitable for conversion into commercial lumber. Rubber abounds in many varieties. Palm oil trees grow wild. This kind of tree could be cultivated for exceedingly large cash returns. Her forests are full of game, her rivers, lagoons and bays teem with many kinds of fish. In fact, Liberia's undeveloped wealth is immense. Native unskilled labor is plentiful and cheap. It lacks the quality of continuity, but that fault could easily be cured. Monrovia, the capital of Liberia, is situated at the mouth of the Mesurado River, a sluggish lagoon connected with the beautiful St. Paul's River by Stockton Creek, so named after an American naval officer who served the Republic well in an hour cf her great distress. The city has about 2500 civilized inhabitants, made up of Americo-Liberians, West Indians and absorbed natives. It contains several churches—Methodist, Baptist, Episcopal, etc.; also several schools, all doing excellent work. Many of the private residences are quite imposing in appearance, and very comfortable with numerous airy large rooms, distributed over two capacious floors, surrounded by wide verandas protected from the sun by green ventilator blinds. The streets are broad, and they run at right angles with each other alone and at the two sides of a long, undulating hill, which begins at the jungle-edged inferior ward line of the city, and ends at the base of an abrupt ascent which pushes its rocky nose into the Atlantic Ocean, and which on its height contains a small fort and a somewhat ancient lighthouse. On one of its sides the city descends steeply to its only business thoroughfare, called "The Waterside", containing the Custom House, the Post Office and the warehouses of foreign and Americo-Liberian merchants. On its other side, the city declines gently and lengthily to a stretch of ocean-edged sand, called the Long Beach, where Monrovia's elite are wont to assemble after the heated hours of the day. (Continued on page 285)## THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 277 The Whole World is Reading It ! The Novel by the Negro Author CROWNED WITH THE PRIX GONCOURT BATOUALA By RENE MARAN Selling 8,000 copies a day in France A sensational success in every country in which it has appeared BATOUALA is the Iliad of the African Negro. But it is the Iliad of a people who live in our own day. N. Y. Times—"An astounding book.'1 Living Age—"A tale so strange, so powerful, so unusual, that there is small difficulty in seeing why the ten members of the Academic Goncourt awarded it their prize. ' George U. Cloud in St. Louis Argus—"There arises occasionally an epochal literary work and René Maran, full-blooded African Negro, has given the world a piece of literature which will be read 500 years from now-" Baltimore Evening Sun—"The force, the tremendous force and power of its simplicity hammers upon one's mind like the beat of the tom-tom which sounds throughout the text and one realizes where its genius lies." N. Y. Tribune—"The book lives mightily.   BATOUALA itself is superb.   A strange exotic work." Negro World—"BATOUALA will go down in history and rest alongside the epics of all time." N. Y. Herald—"A masterpiece.   In M. Maran the Negro race has at last a writer and poet of a high order.   His book is unqualifiedly the greatest intellectual or artistic achievement of his race thus far." H. Wilson Harris in London Daily News—"When a novel of Negro life, written by a full-blooded Negro, gains the distinction of the Goncourt Prize; when it appears with a label indicating that 8,000 copies are being sold daily; when it is made the subject of an interpellation in the Chamber and of heavy rebukes in the Temps—then it may reasonably be a.ssumed that the book is something out of the ordinary.    And so it is.*1 The Crisis—"The fan slat or has achieved a result almost as starkly simple and magnificent as the original." $1.75 AT ALL BOOKSELLERS THOMAS SELTZER, 5 West 50th Street, New York, N.Y. Mention The Crisis ##278 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Hampton Institute Hampton, Virginia Founded in 1868 by General Armstrong to train selected colored youth who should go out to teach and lead their people. In 1878 Indians were first admitted. Hampton stands for "a sound body, a trained capacity, and an unselfish outlook on life." Hampton is an industrial village: 1,100 acres; 140 buildings;. 850 boarding students, 500 day pupils in practice-school; 600 summer-school students; 200 teachers and workers. Hampton has over 2,000 graduates and 8,000 former students; also numerous outgrowths, including Tuskegee, founded by Booker T. Washington. Hampton offers courses in four schools of normal and collegiate grade—Agricultural, Business, Home-Economics, Normal— and in two schools of secondary grade— Academy and Trade (11 four-year courses). Hampton needs annual scholarships at $100 each and endowed scholarships at $2,500 each; also $135,000 annually above regular income. JAMES E. GREGG, Principal FRANK K. ROGERS, Treasurer ROBERT HUNGERFORD NORMAL AND INDUSTRIAL SCHOOL Incorporated (Non-Sectarian) Eatonville, Florida, The Only Incorporated Negro Town in Florida.  AN IDEAL HOME FOR YOUR   BOY  AND  GIRL.    Near Maitland, Florida, which is our Railroad, Telegraph and Express Station.    Summer School Began July 3rd; Regular Fall Term Begins October 5th, 1922;  DAY AND  NIGHT SESSIONS. Courses include Grammar, Normal and Vocational.    Terms  reasonable.    Send  for further information. S. G. BAKER, D.D. Principal VIRGINIA UNION UNIVERSITY RICHMOND, VIRGINIA is offering young men an excellent opportunity to secure a liberal education along a variety of lines. Every effort is made to stimulate a full, well-rounded development. High school, college and professional courses are offered. The faculty is strong, the rates are reasonable. For further information address The President Young Man! Young Woman! Do    You    Want a Trade? Do You Want To Be a Chauffeur? Do You Want a Business Education ? Do You Want a High School Education ? Do You Want To Be a Milliner? Do You Want To Be a Farmer ? Do You Want To Be a Nurse? Enter DOWNINGTOWN INDUSTRIAL and AGRICULTURAL SCHOOL OPENED SEPT. 21, 1922 Re-fitted, New Equipment, New Aims, New Management, Ideal Situation, Healthy Location. Courses  in  College  Preparation,  Business Training, Agriculture,  Home  Economics, Blacksmithing, Automobile Operation and Care, Building Trades. Write DR. J. H. N. WARING, Principal, DOWNINGTOWN. PA. 1882 LANE COLLEGE 1922 Jackson, Tennessee A growing College with a splendid history and a bright future. It offers modern courses in Collegiate, Theological, Musical, College Preparatory, Teachers Training, Home Economics, Agricultural and Pre-Medical subjects. Several   vocational   courses   are   also taught. Proper standards of conduct as well as scholarship are maintained. Registrations of students are now being made for the next session. Well equipped laboratories, dormitories with modern conveniences and facilities under positive Christian influences are supported. For further information address J. F. LANE, President, Jackson, Tennessee. St. Philip's Normal   and   Industrial School San Antonio, Texas. (FOR GIRLS) Normal. Academic, Junior and Music Courses. Teachers' Training, Domestic Sciences and Arts, Dressmaking, Ladies' Tailoring, Shorthand,  Typewriting,  Bookeeping and Spanish. Boarding facilities. Ideal location. Faculty from leading Universities Write for Bulletin. Artemisia Bowden, Principal PAINE COLLEGE at AUGUSTA, GEORGIA offers Courses in HIGH SCHOOL NORMAL (college grade) HOME  ECONOMICS  (college grade) PRE-MEDICAL COLLEGE (A.B., B.S., B.S. in Edu-THEOLOGY (B.Th.) cation) For further information address RAY S. TOMLIN, Acting President PAINE COLLEGE AUGUSTA. GA. Mention The Crisis ##THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 279 MEHARRY   MEDICAL COLLEGE with departments of Medicine, Dentistry and Pharmacy and a Nurse Training School ALL DEPARTMENTS  RECENTLY REORGANIZED Two years (Class One) college work required for admission to the study of medicine. Graduation from a four years' High School or Normal School required for admission to the departments of dentistry and pharmacy and nurse training.    For catalog and application blank address John J. Mullowney, M.D., President of Meharry Medical College, Nashville, Tenn. EVERY GIRL SHOULD LEARN A TRADE It is better than a life insurance. It pays while you live. It puts dollars into your pocket. It Makes You Independent Give your daughter a trade in a school that has high standards, and you put her on a safe road to success in life. Our literary and vocational courses are so correlated as to develop strong character, alert minds and skilled nands. COURSES OFFERED: LITERARY—Sixth grade through a standard Normal. PROFESSIONAL AND VOCATIONAL COURSES—Business, Domestic Science and Arts, Dressmaking, Tailoring, Millinery, Music, Social Service, Laundering, Home Crafts and Beauty Culture. REQUIREMENTS FOR ADMISSION: 1. Not below Sixth Grade. 2. Not under fifteen years of age. 3. Certificates    from    Doctor,    Dentist and School last attended. SEND FOR CATALOG THE NATIONAL TRAINING SCHOOL FOR WOMEN AND GIRLS MISS NANNIE H. BURROUGHS, President Lincoln Heights      Washington, D. C. THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA COLLEGE OF OSTEOPATHY INCORPORATED 1826 9th St., N. W., Washington, D. C. A professional school devoted to the training of worthy colored men and women to become proficient Osteopathic Physicians. A thorough course of study leading to the degree of DOCTOR OF OSTEOPATHY. T. THEO. PARKER, D.O., Oph. D., President. KINDERGARTEN DEPARTMENT ATLANTA UNIVERSITY In full operation since 1912 Professional course of two years Address Kindergarten Department Atlanta University Atlanta, Ga. ARMSTRONG CORRESPONDENCE COLLEGE Announces COURSES BY MAIL Our system enables you to study at home at small cost. Our system is so simple that anyone can get our courses by means of our simplified text book digests. Our school is for the masses, not the classes. We offer courses in: Business Common School sub- Education jects Collegiate subjects Journalism High School subjects      Civil Service Commerce Insurance Stenography Banking, etc. If you don't see what you want, write.   If it can be given by mail, we give it. Send for catalog.   Write to-day. We  want Agents.    Why not be a State or District Agent?   We pay a handsome commission on every course sold. Agents Wanted.   Write for terms. BYRON K. ARMSTRONG, M.A. (Columbia) Director WESTFIELD, INDIANA A RACE COLLEGE FOR RACE PEOPLE TRAINING SCHOOL FOR COLORED WOMEN NURSES in connection with Harlem Hospital, New York City, offers a two years and six months' course of instruction to colored women who meet the educational requirement of the New York State law and who desire to enter the nursing profession. Full maintenance and text books are furnished. Also an allowance of twenty dollars a month. The comprehensive service of the Hospital and the new Residence, with its complete equipment of class rooms and lecture hall, afford unusual facilities for theoretical and practical instruction. For further information apply to— General Superintendent of Training Schools, BELLEVUE HOSPITAL, NEW YORK, N. Y. LEARN MECHANICAL DENTISTRY This highly trained Professional and Profitable Trade taught in a very short time by expert instructors BIG SALARIES, SHORT HOURS, EASY WORK. Salaries range from $25.00 to $125.00 per week.   BIG DEMAND FOR GRADUATE MECHANICAL DENTISTS.   Earn while learning.   Easy Payment Plan. Write for particulars. PHILADELPHIA SCHOOL OF MECHANICAL DENTISTRY 1143 SOUTH 19TH STREET Dept. A. PHILADELPHIA, PA. Mention The Crisis ##280 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER THE NEGRO IN OUR HISTORY By Dr. CARTER GODWIN WOODSON $2.15 by mail Published in June, this book has already been adopted as a textbook for schools conducting courses in History and Sociology. The following desirable features make it the most useful book on the Negro: It contains 20 chapters, 126 illustrations, references for future study  and important documents in the appendix. It is well-thought-out, logically developed,  tersely written   and beautifully illustrated. It has a logical arrangement, accurate citations, a vigorous style   and positive statements to avoid ambiguity and inspire clear thinking. It shows an admirable balance between the economic and the political, between the purely narrative and the material. It analyzes and discusses every phase of Negro life and history without the bias of many writers on social problems. It is the only textbook on  the Negro written from  the point of view of the student and in conformity with the requirements of the schoolroom. There is no better volume to recommend either to the man in the street or to the serious student. THE ASSOCIATED PUBLISHERS, INC. 1216 You Street, N. W. Washington, D. C Edward Waters College JACKSONVILLE, FLORIDA An Ideal Christian Home School In the Heart of Beautiful Florida For students unable to stand the rigors of a Northern winter. Grammar School, Junior High School, Senior High School, Normal School, School of Theology, Music, Commercial Courses, Manual Training, Domestic Science and Art, Band, Military training for men, Physical education for women. JOHN C. WRIGHT, President; BISHOP JOHN HURST, Chairman,  Board of Trustees. WALDEN COLLEGE Large New  Beautiful  Site.    College  organized to suit advanced standards and to do well what is undertaken. COURSES—Junior College, emphasizing two years' standard college work above approved high school; Ans Course; Science or  Pie-Medical;  Teachers Training. High   School;   Music;   Home   Economics;   Practice School: Seventh Grade; Eighth Grade; Kindergarten. Fifty-sixth session begins October 3rd.    For Information address T. R. Davis, President, Walden College, Nashville, Tetin. The Negro in American History Its value indicated in public and secondary school libraries as an introduction to the study of American History from the American Negro viewpoint. 284 pages, 32 chapters, 17 full page illustrations. Index and bibliography other features. Price $2.00; postage prepaid $2.15; sent on receipt of net price. Order through any bookseller; C. O. D. or postage remittance. For further information address the author. JOHN   W. CROMWELL 1439 Swann St., Washington,  D. C. KELLEY'S A little monthly magazine devoted principally to Art and Literature. Subscription Price $1.50  per year SAMPLE COPIES FREE KELLEY'S MAGAZINE 2289 7th Avenue      New York, N. Y. STUDENTS We would like to secure the services of students during the school term to act as agents —taking subscriptions and selling single copies of The CRISIS Liberal commission is offered Address: A. G. DILL 70 FIFTH AVENUE NEW YORK, N. Y. SHORT COURSES Typewriting .........3 months Bookkeeping .........3 months Primer of shorthand___3 months Efficiency Course—Pitman shorthand, typewriting and hook-keeping—11 months.   Fall term opens October 2nd. DUNCAN'S BUSINESS SCHOOL 1227  South  17th St. Philadelphia, Pa. Mention The Crisis ##THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 281 Cleota Collins, Lyric Soprano "She combines an excellent voice with artistic finish of the most mature kind. Her singing prored aa charming as anything the concert programs will offer this season."—Detroit Daily Newt. _ GEORGE LACY, Manager, 116 Hamilton Avenue Columbus. Ohio CHESTER A. SMITH Baritone Concerts and Recitals For terms and dates, address 67 MOUNTFORT STREET, BOSTON, MASS A MONEY GETTER because at is A CROWD GETTER Churches and Clubs looking for a play that will afford an evening of Side-Splitting Fun, should have The Slabtown Convention An entertainment in one act; full of wit and good humor. Scores of churches have cleared from One to Two hundred Dollars in One Night. Price. 50s. MISS  NANNIE  H.   BURROUGHS, Author Lincoln Heights Washington  D. C. Is there a CRISIS agent in your community? If not, will you recommend some energetic and reliable person who will serve us in your locality? Our terms to agents are liberal. Cable Address: "DOMAR" Codes, A.B.C. 5th Edition. Established 1914 COTTMAN and CO., Inc. IMPORTERS, EXPORTERS and DEVELOPERS 101 WEST 135th ST. Corner Lenox Avenue NEW YORK, N. Y. U. S. A. Importers of Hides, Skins, Rubber, Cocoa, Cocoanuts, Limes, Lime Juices, Plantains, Eddoes, Pigeon Peas, Mangoes, Ginger, Cassia Fistula, Spices, Etc. Exporters of American Foodstuffs, Flour, Meal, Meats, Vegetables; also General Merchandise. Bonded produce department—Handling Southern and Western produce in carload lots. Merchandise forwarded for individuals and firms to the West Indies, South America, Europe and Africa. Commercial agents wanted in the United States and abroad. P. S.—We cannot handle small shipments of vegetables.   Car lots only. BERESFORD  GALE CORPORATION FINANCIERS,  BROKERS AND GENERAL AGENTS Large  and  growing  enterprises   desiring  connections,   expansion   or   correspondents  are cordially invited  to  transact  their  business  thru  our  nationally known organization. Gale Building, 413 S. Broad Street, PHILADELPHIA, PA. Your Gold Tooth Polished Your White Teeth Bleached By Using Dr. WELTERS' Antiseptic —TOOTH POWDER— Absolutely Free From Grit and Acid And Prevents Decay Ask your druggist.   If he hasn't got it, ask him to order it for you.   Send 27 Cents in Stamps for a full size package. The E. A. Welters' Tooth Powder Co., Inc. 410 BROAD ST. JACKSONVILLE, FLA. Agents and Distributors Wanted Extra Large Profit Guaranteed The Largest and Only Tooth Powder Manufacturing Corporation Owned and Controlled by Negroes in the United Stales Not an Ordinary Dentifrice but a Scientific Preparation Specially Prepared for Polishing "GOLD" in the Mouth. "BLEACHING" the Teeth, Healing and Hardening Bleeding Gums. Mention The Crisis ##282 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER TO THE INVESTING PUBLIC How much money have you lost during the past five years in your endeavors to secure an investment with your savings that would give you a fair return and a safe security? If we are able to show you an investment where there is security of principal and interest with the practical certainty that the investment will double itself in value and which can be converted into cash without difficulty will you not be interested?   Of course, you will. We have prepared for distribution a booklet describing the Black Swan Phonograph Company which has been organized for the purpose of increasing the output of Black Swan Records, Black Swan Needles and the "Swanola" talking machine, introduced and manufactured by the Pace Phonograph Corporation. This company is the first Race organization to manufacture on a large scale a nationally advertised and sold Product for which there has been a steady demand. It now controls a large and well equipped factory devoted exclusively to the manufacture of its own goods. This issue of stock is for the purpose of completing payment on this factory and the further growth and expansion of the business. With money flowing freely, as it is beginning to do, an investment in BLACK SWAN PHONOGRAPH COMPANY PREFERRED appears to us to be a most desirable form of safe investment with full promise of large increase in value. This is the time to get in on a money making proposition. If you want a safe investment at a conservative, sure rate of interest buy five shares of Black Swan Preferred for $575.00 and get a certain return of 6% on each share and an agreement that the stock will be redeemed at $600.00, plus 6% dividends in three years. Or if you prefer to buy five shares of Common Stock at $300.00 and grow up with the company into a lifetime of dividends and the practical certainty that your investment will double in value in five years. We shall be glad to send you our booklet fully describing this issue of stock. Send us, without obligation on your part, your name and address and we will send you full particulars. If you are not in position to pay all cash, we can arrange terms that will be attractive to you. The Board of Directors has positively limited the amount of stock that can be sold at this time.   Therefore, we want you to act quickly. Very truly yours, HARRY H. PACE, PRESIDENT, 2289 Seventh Ave., New York, N. Y. Mention The Crisis## THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 283 National Capital Book of Etiquette Combined with Floyd's Flowers or Stories for Colored People A book absolutely in a class by itself. Interesting, instructive, handsomely illustrated. Wonderful pictures of Washington's prominent colored society leaders on the street; at the theatre; at church; in the home; at receptions, balls, parties, weddings, dinners, etc., etc. The illustrations are so perfect and natural that the well-bred, correctly clothed men and women almost speak to you. Learn how to dress and conduct yourself on any and all occasions; correct dress for men and women; suggestions in colors and materials for the ladies; hints as to footwear, hats, appropriate combinations, etc., for both sexes. What to serve guests for breakfast, lunch or dinner. How to converse intelligently; how to know when to talk and when to remain silent; how to make friends and gain popularity. A book that will help the most prominent member of society or the most humble. Illustrating  Table Manners Agents Wanted We are looking for 1,000 hustlers, men and women. Our offer will pay you positively $4 to $9 per day. Such an opportunity comes but once in a lifetime. AGENT'S SAMPLES showing specimen pages and the pictures and covers of book will be mailed to you for 25 cents. A Book you will want—Must have in your home—a most excellent gift. 100 pages of pleasing pictures taken from best photographs. A BIG BOOK, containing over 500 pages. The people are much pleased with this new publication and are sending thousands of orders to us. We send by insured parcel post; return your money if not perfectly satisfied. Price ONLY $2.50.   Write today. Dear Friend:- Are you energetic and enterprising, are you interested in the development of the colored people? Are you interested in seeing members of the race buy and read good "books, "become self-educated and enterprising citizens?   Is your income perfectly satisfactory, or would you like to make 50cts to $1.00 per hour for a little extra time put in for us in your community? Have you given the race problems any thought? Are you a thinker?   Please pause a moment and consider the GOOD YOU MAY DO by selling our publications, NATIONAL CAPITAL BOOK OP ETIQUETTE, PROGRESS OP COLORED PEOPLE, DUNBAR'S POEMS, KELLY MILLER'S WAR HISTORY, EMMET SCOTT'S WAR HISTORY, DUBOIS'S DARKWATER, FLOYD'S PLOWERS and other special books on the race and our full line of bibles and religious books. School teachers and students should give this proposition their careful attention.   $4 to $10 per day can be easily made by working for us during vacation. Yours truly, Austin Jenkins Co., #523 Ninth St. N. W., Washington, D. C. Send for catalog of 160 books. Mention The Crisis ##284 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER ARE YOU PREPARED FOR THE FUTURE ? ARE YOU MAKING INVESTMENTS THAT WILL HELP YOU ON THE ROAD TO FINANCIAL INDEPENDENCE? OPPORTUNITY IS CALLING YOUR ATTENTION TO ORCHARDVILLE Where, if you act soon enough, you can secure ideal BUILDING LOTS for only $35 ON VERY EASY TERMS. $3.00 DOWN AND $1.50 A MONTH. NO INTEREST. CLEAR TITLE. EACH LOT SOLD UNDER MONEY-BACK GUARANTEE Real Estate is the foundation of all wealth. You have heard that said many times and you know it to be true. You know how people have made large sums of money out of Real Estate investments and you know that most of those people bought at THE EIGHT TIME. That is an important factor. People from all parts of the country are buying Orchardville lots because they know that they have an excellent opportunity to earn BIG PROFITS on their investment. They know that when a place is developed in the way Orchardville is being improved, the property there should INCREASE IN VALUE CONSID-EHABLT. That is why they are buying their lots now, while the price is low. You can do likewise, if you wish. Space here is too limited to cover all the details of this attractive offer, but we would like to have yon know all about Orchardville and the opportunities It offers you. If you will write your name and address on the coupon below and send it to us promptly, we will gladly send you full particulars without ob-ligation on your part. The stamp on your en-velope is all it will cost you. Perhaps this is the very opportunity you have been waiting for.   Who knows? In view of the increasing demand for these lots, we suggest that you send the coupon without delay. ARENSON REALTY DEVELOPMENT CORP. 19 S. La Salle Street CHICAGO, ILL ¦WRITE PLAINLY Arenson Realty Dev'pt Corp. Chicago, 111. Gentlemen: I am interested in your Orchardville offer and would be glad to receive full particulars, without obligation on my part. Name....................................... Address ..................................... Town and State.............................. CRI-10-22-35 Mention The Crisis ##THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 285 (Continued from page 276) VINDICATION LESLIE'S WEEKLY carried, not long ago, an article on color prejudice among colored people. In a later issue of the same weekly, William Pickens replies to this charge sanely and ably: We do not need to prove to American Negroes that no such rigid color lines are drawn within the group as are drawn against the group by the Anglo-Saxon. The color mania within the group is mostly individual finicalness and the local peculiarity due to historical conditions. But this has been passing out, even in New Orleans and in Charleston (S. C), where a three-cornered race problem came nearest to developing. To say that any considerable group of Negro Americans are more interested in color than are white people, is not only a false statement, but it tends to offer the white race an excuse for its own terrible color-mania against the whole colored group. The "seven" colors which the author of the article mentions are not only not "distinct" lines among colored people, but they are just merely the creation of the vaudeville stage, the pool room and the gay-hearted, and a splendid exhibition of the incessant Negro humor. But the greatest mistake of all is that of the half-truth, for 'which a white person, as an outsider, might be excused, but which any intelligent American Negro can easily understand. The American Negro is accused of being without group pride. This illusion is derived from the fact that he is not a bigot about his color and features. And for good reason he is not: because he has all the colors and features within his group. Physically the colored American represents the most cosmopolitan group of humans in the world. If he is to boast of his features, of which one must he boast? How can a group with every color known to nature, say: "I am proud of my color"?   Of which "color"? Agents Earn $60 a Week 5000 Agents Wanted Quick Sales Big Profits Photo   Cuff  Buttons.   Photo   Lockets,   Breast   Pins, Watch Charms. Photo Medallions and Novelties. We copy from any photo you send us.    Negro Post Cards Calendars,   Pictures.  Books.   Negro   Dolls  and   many other novelties.   Free Catalog. BELL   MFG. CO. Box 103 Jamaica,  N. Y. SEASHORE LOTS 50 x 150 $200.00 Upward EASY TERMS Positively the prettiest cottage and bungalow sites in the suburbs of Atlantic City on the Pleasantville, Atlantic City Million Dollar Boulevard opposite Douglass Park. Advance to builders, use of additional space for garden free. For further particulars and prospectus, write, crescent corporation WM. B. SOUTHERN, Pres. Suite 404-5-6, Odd Fellows Building 12th and Spruce Streets PHILADELPHIA, PA. RELIABLE AGENTS WANTED DON'T GAMBLE! If you are afraid of oil and other speculative investment propositions and prefer SAFETY OF INVESTED CAPITOL plus reasonable profits, we have an ideal investment opportunity in a well established and seasoned, nationally known film corporation that shows wonderful indications of substantial profits. Our illustrated booklet No. 678 explains in detail.   Send for a copy.   Its FREE! Southern California Investment Co. 1154 Central Ave.,      Los Angeles, Calif. $$ FREE—$$ FREE—$$ FREE Wanted—2500 men and women who will use their spare time to make BIG MONEY, or go into business for themselves; $3 to $5 per day and up to a hustler. Wo will furnish you the goods to start with FREE. All «e ask is that you pay the postage. Our lino Is a sure repeater and fast seller. HURRY. HURRY I HURRY! Do not delay, but write to-day. DIXIE SALES AGENCY, 3161 S. State St., CHICAGO, ILL. YOTJ CAN BANK BY MAIL FIRST STANDARD BANK Louisville, Ky. Capital and Surplus (Paid) $110,000.00 Wilson Lovett, President "At Last We Have It" Just what you've been waiting for.   Don't  let  his picture die out of your memory. Have his picture put on a Hand Tainted Army and Navy, American Legion Placque with the Flander Popples In BEAUTIFUL COLORS. Something you can always keep. Send ua his photograph, which will be returned unharmed. GUARANTEED LIKENESS or MONEY BACK. $2.75 THE TALBERT PRESS and NOVELTY CO. 299 Walnut Street Buffalo. N. Y. BILLIE ELLIS, Branch Mgr. 623  North  9th St., Fort Smith. Ark. Mention The Crisis ##286 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Agents Wanted In Every Town and Locality. GOOD PAY Catalog Free THE EAST INDIA TOILET GOODS MFG. CO. 316 N. Central       Dept. B OKLAHOMA CITY, OKLAHOMA Men's Sweater bargain $5.00 Value $2.49 NOW This extra fine quality heavy weight men's sweater is now offered at less than -pre-war prices. Send No Money i Send your name and address, giving size and color wanted.  We will send you sweater by mail postage paid. On delivery pay mailman our low bargain price of $2.49. Your money back if not pleased. Sweater is made of high grade yarn, large shawl collar, two knitted-in-pock-ets. Colors — Gray or Blue. Sizes--32 to 46. Good for either men or women. Why pay more for a sweater when you can get this guaranteed bargain for only $2.49. STATE WHETHER YOU WANT MEN'S OR WOMEN'S SWEATER. Order by Number     i91 C57. HOWARD LUX CO., dept. JS1 Cleveland, o Tailoring Salesmen Make $75.00 a week selling our strictly All-Wool, Made-to-Measure Suits at $26.50. You collect profits in advance and keep them. We supply finest Selling Outfit in America. Many exclusive money-making features. Tailoring, raincoat and side-line men, part or full time, get in touch with us immediately. GOODWEAR, Chicago, Inc. Dept. 170 843 W. Adams St., Chicago, III. WANTED Agents for THE CRISIS, Dignified Work 70 Fifth Avenue. New York Palm-Oil Health Products Palm Oil-Lemon (Neechina) , 50c. The Vey women of Liberia are celebrated for their beautiful skins, without blemish, firm and smooth as velvet. They secure this result by using "Neechina,'* which, translated, means Palm Oil —Lemon. It bleaches, beautifies, cleanses, heals, prevents and heals sunburn, helps the body to resist cold and heat. It is an ideal skin food. Palm Oil-Rubo, 50c. A soothing application, producing immediately a delightful sense of "comfort and warmth, and profound relief from the aches and pains of congestion and colds on chest, rheumatic and neuralgic pains, lumbago, backache, stiff neck, throat affections, neuritis, sore joints and muscles, sprains, etc. Palm Oil Hair Pomade, 50c. A perfect hair dressing for beautifying, strengthening and promoting the growth of hair. Removes dandruff and stops itching of the scalp. Makes the hair soft, luxurious and glossy. Especially useful for making dry, brittle or stubborn hair soft, pliable and easy to comb. PALM OIL HEALTH PRODUCTS CO. 2543 Eighth Ave.     New York, N. Y. Mail Orders must be accompanied by price in postage stamps, Money Order or cash. No extra  charge for mailing. To prove oar unbeatable values anc_ get your steady trade, will make 3-piece I euit consisting of coat, panta and vest* to your measure for only $13.45. Style} shown in the picture or any one of 185 style combinations to select from. Absolute satisfaction guaran te ed or everynennyback—quick. NO EXTRA CHARGES You pay just what we say, not one penny of extras for anything. We even pay all postage and express. You save one-half—like before the war. Earn $60 Cash Weekly You can take orders easy for these clothes in Bp are time and make $3000 a year and up at borne. Friends and neighbors buy on sight. Young Fred Green made SEND NO CASH $174.50inseventeendays. OL"U "U bHan- New samples show latest styles ana 80 real cloth samples. Buy at inside Wholesale prices. Write now for Big Free Outfit, g WASHINGTON TAILORING CO. Wholesale Tailors Oept.K-317 Chicago FREE BIG SAMPLES Badges, Banners, Lodge Regalia For all Lodge and Church Societies CENTRAL REGALIA CO. JOS. L. JONES, Pnw. 641 W. 9th St Cincinnati, Ohio Mention The Crisis ##A Selected List of Books Dealing with the Negro Problem These prices do not include postage. Postage extra. Two Colored Women with the American Expeditionary Forces.   (Hunton and Johnson) ..................... $2.50 The Heart of a Woman and Other Poems.  (Georgia Douglas Johnson) ........................................... 1.50 The Soul of John Brown.   (Stephen Graham) ........... 2.00 A Narrative of the Negro.   (Leila Amos Pendleton) ...... 1.50 Souls of Black Folk.  (W. E. B. DuBois)................. 2.00 A Century of Negro Migration.   (Carter G. Woodson) ____ 1.10 The Curse of Race Prejudice. (James F. Morton)...........25 History of the Negro. (Benjamin Brawley).............. 2.00 The Negro Migrant in Pittsburgh. (Abraham Epstein)... .50 Granny Maumee and Other Plays for a Negro Theatre. (RidgeJy Torrence) ................................. 1.75 Half a Man.   (Mary White Ovington).................... 1.20 Unsung Heroes.   (Elizabeth Ross Haynes)................ 2.50 The Shadow. (Mary White Ovington).................... 2.00 John Brown.   (W. E. B. DuBois)........................ 2.00 Negro in American History.   (J. W. Cromwell)........... 2.00 Prince Hall and His Followers.   (George W. Crawford).. 1.00 The Voice of the Negro.  (Robert T. Kerlin).............. 2.50 The Negro.  (W. E. B. Du Bois)...........................90 The Education of the Negro Prior to 1861.   (Carter G. Woodson) ....................................... 2.00 The Negro Faces America.  (Herbert J. Seligmann)........ 1.75 Darkwater.   (W. E. B. DuBois)......................... 2.25 Poems of Paul Laurence Dunbar........................ 2.50 Afro-American Folksongs.   (H. E. Krehbiel) ............ 2.00 Booker T. Washington.    (Emmett J. Scott and Lyman Beecher Stowe)..................................... 2.50 A Social History of the American Negro. (Benjamin Brawley) ......................................... 4.00 The Negro in Literature and Art.   (Benjamin Brawley).. 1.50 FIFTY Years and Other Poems.   (James Weldon Johnson).. 1.50 The History of the Negro Church. (Carter G. Woodson).. 2.15 The Upward Path. (Pritchard and Ovington)............ 1.35 Fifty Years in the Gospel Ministry.   (T. G. Steward)... 2.70 Harlem Shadows.   (Claude McKay)...................... 1.35 The Book of American Negro Poetry.  (James Weldon Johnson)............................................... 1.75 American Civilization and the Negro.   (C. V. Roman)---- 3.00 The Negro in Our History. (Carter G. Woodson)............ 2.00 Address: THE CRISIS, : : 70 Fifth Avenue, New York, N. Y ##FOR BETTER BABIES Much talk now-a-days about better babies. Why shouldn't there be? Innocent little angels as they are need all the attention, talk and effort possible to make them larger, stronger, healthier and generally better babies than their imperfect, anaemic and healthless little brothers of yesteryear. After baby arrives many simple everyday precautions can be taken to insure his infant and future health. Most beneficial, important and pleasing to babies are the following: A DAILY BATH— With Madam C. J. Walker's Vegetable   Oil Antiseptic Soap. A pure, non-irritating, lathering-in-the-hardest-of-water Soap, it cleanses and soothes baby's tender skin like few equals. 15 Cents per Single Bar FREQUENT POWDERING— With Madam C. J. Walker's Floral Cluster Talcum A pleasingly soft talcum powder, safe, pure, delicately perfumed and designed to prevent chafe and infant irritations. A Quarter per Large Tin Note— Free samples of these Better Baby Preparations will be sent to mothers on request. Write BETTER BABIES DEPT. THE MADAM C. J. WALKER MFG. CO., INC. 640 N. WEST ST. INDIANAPOLIS, IND. ##