The Freewoman , made The Freewoman A weekly feminist review No. 10. Vol. I. THURSDAY, JANUARY 25, 1912  Threepence Registered at G.P.O. as a Newspaper. Joint Editors: DORA MARSDEN, B.A.  MARY GAWTHORPE contents 1. A Plea or Psychology. ... 181 2. Notes of the Week  ......183 3. "Seeing, They Shall See Not."—II. By B. L.......185 4. The Prevention  of Venereal Diseases. By E. S. P. Haynes 186 5. The Tyranny of Home. By Edith A.  Browne......187 6. Uranians.—II. By Harry J. Birnstingl .........189 7.  Correspondence... ... ... 190 8. Anarchy in Art. By Selwyn Weston .........193 9.  Freewomen and the Birth-Rate. —IV. By C. V. Drysdale 194 10. An Expensive Wife. By  B. A. S..........196 11. Song of a Night. By J.G. Fletcher .........199 A PLEA FOR  PSYCHOLOGY. THE most important task for humanity in the onward progression of the  life-trail lies in the sphere of Psychology. Subjective material is asking to be  treated objectively—that is, mind-manifestations demand to be looked at, that  their features may be recorded faithfully. Life can make no steady progress until  this work is done. Knowledge of the outer physical world seems to have little, if  any, effect as a power exerted to develop the human soul. In spite of our  infinitely expanded body of objective knowledge, human consciousness is little  finer or more powerful than it was two thousand years ago. Many doubt, indeed, if  it is equally fine, equally powerful, or equally great. This dead halt in human  progress can only be accounted for in the light of the fact that humanity has  taken such little trouble to know itself. Knowledge of everything else has been  eagerly welcomed, but knowledge of self has been shunned. It is true that to-day  we have a science of psychology in its infancy; but the young thing has appeared  a weakling. It has suffered from the fact that its very life depends upon the two  rarest of human qualities—Truth and Courage. Psychology is the Intimate Science,  and its first demand upon the student is that he should tell the intimate truth  about himself. That is why the psychologist student has so often failed. He has  not had the moral courage for it. Any alive adult knows that he has merely to  begin the tale of his own inner life and impulses for some long-eared, moralising  ignoramus to start up and cover him with moral obliquity. How many men or women  dare tell their mental story to their most trusted friend? How many, indeed, dare  recite the story to their own inmost soul? Barely one. Forty years ago, a young  Russian girl of twelve, an aristocrat, artist, and genius, began a daily record of  the events of her life and the intimate emotions of her own soul. She carried the  record on until ten days before her death, which came when she was twenty-four.  She has left one of the most wonderful documents in the world. Never has there  been so fierce a light turned upon the agonised writhings of the creative soul;  never such a revelation of the price which Art demands before she consents to  dwell with the Artist. The sudden afflatus, the sudden depression, the jealousy,  envy, mistrust, the doubt of self, and the passionate belief in self-—all is  there. The agony of one who knows he has been given a message to tell and is  failing to decipher his scroll; the fear that he shall not be reckoned among  those who have messages—nothing of that side is omitted. We could almost fawn on  this young girl, out of sheer gratitude that she has told what so many would never  have dared tell. But even in the Diary of Marie Bashkirtseff the key is never  turned in certain locked doors of passion. The passion for Art she is unashamed of; but of the other passions, which lived riotously alongside this, she tells  almost nothing. She begins to open out a little from the age of twelve onwards  until she is fifteen. At fifteen, some small conventional indecorum fills her with  such convulsions of self-abasement that when an utter silence follows it is clear  what has happened. She has done what so many women do. (Young girls have a real  passion for "goodness," we know from intimate acquaintance; that is why they are  like white fire—(those who have vitality enough to be anything.) She has closed  down the shutters of that part of the mind, and turned the key in the lock. But  she has not strangled the writhing serpent inside. Unless we understand that she  has done this, from the age of fifteen onwards, the record becomes unintelligible.  The strain on her health, which ended in her early death, the unintelligible  agonies, the restlessness, can only be accounted for in this way. Little wonder  that the diary has been an unfailing source for parodies, and 182 THE FREEWOMAN January 25, 1912 for scoffings of the more contemptible sort.  Had Marie Bashkirtseff lived till she was thirty, her belief in herself would have  compelled her to raise those shutters and take stock of her mental situation for  herself. As things were, the story of the emotional life of a healthy, virile,  vitalised woman still belongs to those books which remain to be written, as do  thousands of other records beside. We believe that in this sphere the novel is  going to rediscover itself—the novel and the autobiography. So we shall rid the  novel of the brainless obsession which leads men and women to spin their stifling  yarns about the primitive cycle of emotions which lead to physical sexual  intercourse. New backgrounds and more and more hectic phrasings; but the inane  babblings are the same—the Before, During, and After. The novelists are suffering  from mental paralysis. What Humanity, then, halts for is a chart of emotional  mind. When we know what emotion is, we shall better know what it is for. Emotion  is the power-house which energises all human action. It is, therefore, pitiable  and disastrous that we should know infinitely less of its nature and  potentialities than we know of those of electricity, or even of lately discovered  radium. We know neither what it is, nor how to guide it. It is left as unstudied  and untended as a weed. Indeed, except for the few cases where a rule-of-thumb  method of discovery has tested it as virtuous, it is considered as baleful as a  noxious weed. Even those serious scientists who have set out to discover its  qualities—the German psychologists—(have set out with the fatal predisposition to  consider all "irregular" passion (that is, all save the limited form connected  with domesticity) as pathological. Their very terminology is misleading. Their  terminology has prejudiced the values before they have touched their material. By  what standard of scientific truth do they presume to label unusual emotional  manifestations of mind as pathological before they have given these a chance to  show their nature? We believe that the incomprehensible welter of "unnatural"  forms of passion, incest, and the like, is due to a fundamental misconception as  to the nature of passion, a misconception which leads to results as disastrous as  would a haphazard daily use of electricity with no understanding of the laws of  its capacity for being guided. We have a belief that, given sufficient emotional  data, we shall find that all passion is one, whether passion of man for woman,  mother for child, friend for friend, devotee for faith, follower for cause—they  are all one, in kind and essence. Manifestation, inevitably necessary, takes the  form which the circumstance suggests as convenient. Let us get rid of the false  notion that passion can exist without expression. It cannot; though the forms  expression takes are as multiform as those of matter, and are as easily  convertible one into another. The persistent and mistaken emphasis which is put  upon the connection between passion and sexual intercourse is partially due to the  limitations of human intelligence, and partly, also, due to the inculcated moral  which has been encouraged by those in authority, which has thought it necessary to  explain and justify passion by making it synonymous with reproduction of the race.  The only relation which the reproduction of the race has with passion is that of a  by-product. Passion is an end in itself, or, rather, it finds its end in the  development of the individual. Passion is psychic union. Its method of  communication is vibrant intimacy, and in such intimacy it realises itself and  finds its pleasure. In passion one travels long leagues into the consciousness of  another, and, having travelled, it must be left to do what to itself seems good  with the outer temple of the mind, which is the body. We believe that those who  seek to elevate an incidental physical act on to a "higher plane," or who seek to  browbeat it on to a lower, are wasting their forces endeavouring to regulate an  occurrence which is too incidental in its nature to justify such a concentration  of attention. We think that many reformers, and particularly women, are striving  at the wrong end. Sexual intercourse is very far from being the culmination of  passion, because it is so far from being the culmination of intimacy. Human  intimacy can only be psychic. Otherwise, we are intimate with a chance individual  crushed against us in a crowd. Could we only switch attention off sexual  intercourse, and direct it towards the springs of emotion which are behind every  kind of emotional expression, then we should indeed be dealing with fundamentals.  For only when we reach out to fundamentals in emotion shall we be able to  postulate anything worth while about it, and formulate laws for its increase and  guidance. We are now in need of reliable data as to the emotional impulses of  "normal" and "abnormal" people, from the beginning of their lives to the end. We  require a chart of the emotions rich enough in number and variety to enable us to  pick out their general features. We need to get rid of our preconceptions as to  the association of moral obliquity with particular manifestations of emotion. We  need a robuster courage in the face of truth and a greater faith in our own  natures and in the scheme of creation. Creation cannot have toiled upward from  primal chaos only to faint back appalled and overcome by our bodily sores and  excesses. The solution of our human difficulties must be sought in the heart of  the difficulties themselves. When Tennyson, pondering the secret of human destiny,  soliloquised to the flower in the crannied wall, "If I knew what you were, root  and all, and all in all, I should know what God and Man are," he appealed to that  which was powerless to answer. Man has the power; what he lacks is the courage,  the desire, and the clarity to set to the task. When he does so, thoroughly and  truthfully, the superhuman man, which is the spiritual man, will begin to be dimly  revealed. This will be the "spiritual man" which supersedes man, and which, in  differing phrase, we call the Christ, the Messiah, the One who is to come; and it  is the same impulse which in the Amoeba tended upwards towards man which now sits  in the secret recesses of the human mind and says, "Be truthful; Be truthful;  have courage and be truthful." Note.—" The New Morality" articles will be  continued as leaders under specific titles.—Ed. January 25, 1912 THE FREEWOMAN 183 NOTES OF THE WEEK. THE flutter over the Referendum still continues. Indeed, the  debate is getting quite brisk. The Spectator has got as far as showing just what  mistakes we should avoid in drawing up the voting papers, showing us, in fact,  just how the thing is going to be done. The Spectator does not seem to take into  any account the fact that much that the Spectator itself stands for will be "done  for" with the Referendum's advent, and one can only admire the disinterestedness  of the Spectator. We have already pointed out that the only question to which the  application of the Referendum would be obviously foolish would be in the case of  an Electoral Reform Bill, and that this would be so even when the Referendum  became the normal method of testing the opinions of the people. This consideration  apart, we believe in the Referendum. We believe in it because we realise that the  representative system has broken down. The representatives are mere "nithings."  The very mention that they should be allowed to show any effectual power of  initiative is pounced upon as a subversion of Parliamentary tradition. The very  fact which has given rise to this recent consideration of the Referendum is  nothing other than the fact that an important measure like Woman's Suffrage should  be brought forward on the initiative of a private member, and should rest for its  decision upon the voting strength which the popularity of the measure might secure  without the "nudge" being given by the Party Whip. The Conservative Press, the  Liberal Press, the hopeful young party of Women-Politicians, have all joined in  the parrot cries, "Unheard of," "Unconstitutional," "Impossible "—all of which  merely show that everyone believes that Parliamentary representatives are of no  account, and that nothing has or should have weight outside the bidding of the  close Cabinet Directorate. We do not like directorates—not even humane and  successful ones, if ever such have been heard of. We prefer the Referendum. We  think we should get on faster. It is easy to learn what the people want, but how  to get it for them is another pair of shoes. The Referendum may be the solution.  Suppose, the Referendum being law, a requisition for its exercise upon any  particular measure should be valid if the requisition were backed by (say) a  million voters' signatures. Then we could get ahead. The organised miners could  almost manage to validity the requisition from among themselves, and could make a  demand for a Referendum concerning the Nationalisation of Mines. The railway men  could do the same with the railways, and so on throughout all the great public  services. Each question would be fought out on its merits, and not confused with a  dozen other and alien issues, as every issue is at a general election. So we  should proceed merrily. We very much fear that the politicians know too much of  the possible developments of the Referendum to risk their jobs supporting it. It  would be too much like politics in reality for the ease of mind of the  capitalists, the shareholders, and financiers, who "represent" the millions of the  workers. And after a while there would be little or no use for a Cabinet. Politics  would very soon cease to be a paying concern. It would be left to the men and  women, who would do the work for the love and glory of it. We therefore do not  think the Referendum is yet at hand. Still less do we think the present Government  are likely to countenance it—quite apart from Woman's Suffrage and quite apart  from the difficulties of their present situation. If that section of Women  Suffragists which was so anxious for someone or other to resign from the Liberal  Cabinet a few weeks ago still feels the same, there seems a possibility of their  being satisfied. They wanted the resignation of either Mr. Asquith or Mr. Lloyd  George. The resignation of either would, in their present circumstances, mean the  fall of the Government, with a very problematical chance of re-election at the  polls. Then a Conservative Government again, with Mr. Smith, Mr. Chamberlain, Lord  Curzon, Lord Cromer, and a few other valiant anti-feminists. What hope then of  Woman's Suffrage? Our only hope of Woman's Suffrage in the near future lies in the  power of the present Government to hold together. Anyone who tells women anything  else is talking arrant nonsense, which should not deceive a schoolgirl. Even the  resignation of Sir Edward Grey—a much less serious matter than the resignation of  either Mr. Asquith or Mr. Lloyd George—will try the staying powers of the  Government to the utmost. It will, too, remove a sincere supporter of Woman's Suffrage. Much prominence has been given during the last fortnight to the Young  Men's Christian Association, which is making a public appeal for a sum of  £100,000, and to which sum donations received have already turned into the second  half of its completion. We have no knowledge of the Young Men's Christian  Association, either direct or indirect, but the name of the Association strongly  reminds us of the Young Women's Christian Association—of which we have very direct  knowledge. In case the two organisations are one, we take this opportunity of  reminding heedless, simple-hearted donors that when they give money offerings to a  charitableemotional body, they lay up against themselves a moral obligation to  watch the expenditure of that body. As we have pointed out, we have no knowledge  whatever of the Y.M.C.A., and our knowledge of the Y.W.C.A. is limited to one only  of their residential houses for women, and to rumours as to other houses carried  into this one by girls who had lived in other Y.W.C.A.'s, and had regarded the one  of which we have knowledge as an escape from the irritating burden of prayers,  Bible-readings, and petty restrictions. Whatever may be the régime in force in the  Y.M.C.A., it is quite certain that in known cases of the Y.W.C.A. the residents,  while maintaining a profitable business venture, have to submit to a system of  harassing, irritating, and unnecessary rules, which amount to nothing short of an  unworthy tyranny—a tyranny which, far from being tolerated in an ordinary business  undertaking, would be considered too much of an impertinence to be thought of. We  were glad to notice that the Press gave publicity a few days ago to a typical case  of the religious intolerance of the meaner sort, as it worked itself out in a  Y.W.C.A. in Kent, where a girl was dismissed from the residential house for  presuming to travel to visit her parents on Sunday-travelling on Sunday evidently  being considered more harmful than the undisguised scoffing of the residents at  the stupid régime and the petty spirit behind it. For the dwellers in Y.W.C.A.'s  cannot be considered among the brands saved from the burning which sentimental  supporters fondly imagine them to be. Their terms are far too high for that class.  It is impossible to seek this sheltering arm thrown out by religious bodies on  much under a pound per week, for which sum and less, other commercial institutions  (unfortunately hopelessly inadequate in number) offer more comfort and 184 THE  FREEWOMAN January 25, 1912 better food. The girls who make use of the Y.W.C.A.'s  do so because they are in a good locality, usually central, and, owing to their  size, they present an outward appearance which is less depressing than the aspect  of cheap rooms in a mean street, and the cheap, large residential houses referred  to are always full. We believe the Y.W.C.A. houses can be run at a profit. It is  to be hoped that someone will inquire into the finances of these houses. By all  means let them continue to run at a profit, as we believe they do at present, but  let us have done with this impudent suggestion that they are carried on as  religious charities, for under cover of such impudent suggestions the residents  have to submit to the laying down of rules which are an affront to selfsupporting  and intelligent women, who are compelled to make use of them owing to the  inadequacy of the residential accommodation, which makes it impossible for women  to resent them as they deserve. Considerations of such a commercial, emotional  body as the Y.W.C.A. calls to mind a similar body—the Salvation Army. We notice  that the Charity Commissioners have so far modified their attitude towards the  Boxted affair, that they are offering to conduct an "Inquiry" into the cause for  summary evictions which the Army has carried out in regard to the tenants. Unless  very material evidence to the contrary is brought to light in the course of the  inquiry, the Salvation Army has been guilty of the sharp cruelty and callousness  which only a successful emotional organisation has the "face" to be guilty of. In  the commercial world pure and simple the struggle for the master hand is  recognised as a legitimate warfare, and both sides are prepared for it, or, if not  prepared, at least they are aware of it. But in the emotional, commercial  organisation, the organisation gets its weapons home before the other side is  aware that there is necessity for weapons at all. The soulful appeals which the  organisation makes in its emotional capacity call out the finer sensibilities of  their victims, and these finer sensibilities are laid bare ready for the knife. In  fact, the very knowledge that the organisation "leaders" have roused the emotions  of their victims, their followers, their adherents, seems to exert a subtle  fascination tempting them to operate. It is another instance of the perverted, but  very real, charm which cruelty can exert. The £100,000 for which the Y.M.C.A. are  asking reminds us of still another commercial, emotional organisation which asked  for and got £100,000, and is now asking for a quarter of a million, which it will  doubtless get in due course. We refer, of course, to the Women's Social and  Political Union. Here, too, the appeal is emotional. Here, too, the result is  money. Here, too, as in other cases, the management of the funds is a close  concern in the hands of two or three. These latter issue a generalised balance  sheet indeed, but answer no questions whatever as to financial management. Here,  again, honeyed phrases of sisterly love for the outside world; and for those  inside, a commercial hardness, a merciless driving, and an implacable unbending in  the face of financial results not up to expectation. Here, as in the Salvation  Army and the Booth family, the passion, enthusiasm, loyalty, work, energy which  has surmounted dangers, intellect poured out, money to the uttermost given—all  these things have been pooled in the interest of a common cause, and control of  the whole bagged by a close family group. As in the case of the Y.W.C.A., where,  if they do not like things, residents are merely told they may go; as in the  Salvation Army, men who have put hard toil into the land, unprepared to agree to  harsh conditions, are told to go, without having regard to the pooled energy; so  in the W.S.P.U. criticism against harsh conditions is met in the same way. Always  the same,—"If you do not like it, you can go." From the superficial point of view,  this is freedom; looked at more closely, it is merely the unscrupulous use of an  advantage of authority which the association as a whole has only accorded to the  "leaders," because of the convenience of having an executive on the spot, with  powers sufficient to deal with important issues boldly and at short notice; but  delegated chiefly on account of the belief of the association that the powers  delegated to the "leaders" will only be used in a spirit of humanity, in  accordance with the nature of the cause with which one and all are associated, and  which one and all have helped to build up. The most discreditable pages in history  and literature are those dealing with the unscrupulous use of power which a  passing convenience has enabled "leaders" to lay hold of, to use against those who  have equally helped to create that power. Many sacrifices and almost superhuman  efforts which are made and put forward on behalf of great causes of necessity  create powers which fall automatically to the credit of the organisations which  are built up round them. Now to return to our main text. People who give money and  services to emotional organisations on the ground of a general sympathetic  appreciation of the type of work done by the organisation are thereby morally  implicated in the task of learning the temper and tone in which the organisation  carries on its work. And in common sense they will surely understand that they are  not likely easily and on the surface to find out this real tone and temper. The  rôle in which they come into contact with "leaders" is the very one to which of  necessity only the best side—the show side—can be shown. They come with gifts in  both hands and arms overflowing. Time, money, service, sympathy, and prestige they  offer. The very gifts they bring decide the nature of their treatment. If such  donors are in earnest about the organisation's work they will get their  information from the inner side, from those who are in a position to know and feel  the temper of the organisation, because in regard to them, the chiefs have not  only to receive, but have to pay out. Very brave indeed is the music of the  distant drum. Do the chiefs "give out" in the same spirit as that in which they  appeal to others to give to them? If genuine inquirers want to know the real  nature of the Y.W.C.A., let them ask of the women who live in the houses, not of  those who send £50 to the funds. If they want to know the temper of the Salvation  Army, let them listen to those who work for them and are paid by them. If they  want to know the temper of the W.S.P.U., let them inquire of the long list of paid  workers who have at one time loyally served them, but who now no longer exist in  their ranks. Do not let them ask people with independent means who have given to  the funds, but who have not had to receive. In short, let the followers and casual  supporters of any emotional movement, in proportion to its size and success, watch  it. When the organisation is growing, and when it is poor, its very struggles keep  its integrity. But when it is a great success, when it is big and powerful, watch  it. Even as they love it, let them watch it. We very much regret the second part  of Mr. Philip Oyler's article on Education, which appeared in last week's issue,  was published without any signature. This was due to an oversight, which we much  regret.—Ed. January 25, 1912 THE FREEWOMAN 185 "Seeing, They Shall See Not." II. IN  my former article I touched upon certain matters which, as it seems to me, are  being ignored or wrongly handled in many of the "Reform" schools. One subject I  dealt with was that of Sex; another, the complexity of the process we call  Education, and I desire to enlarge a little further upon both these questions. In  this country we have made comparatively little study of Education in its widest  sense, or at all events of the principles which underlie. A few people are  studying psychology, and trying to apply it, it is true; but even those have only  gone a little way as compared with educationists of some other countries, while  the rank and file in the educational world do not even profess to know anything of  the matter. It has always been to me a matter of surprise that the education  process should be held a thing which can be quite easily and simply understood. No  one of any sense will maintain that a man can learn doctoring by simply being  "interested" in it, and proceeding to treat patients as best he may from scraps of  "commonsense" knowledge; he is expected to study thoroughly the principles of  medicine or surgery for a considerable period of time. The engineer must learn the  technique of his craft; he does not take up his profession in a moment as the  fancy moves him. Why is it, then, that the ridiculous notion still prevails in  regard to education that technical knowledge is of little importance, and that the  well-intentioned "sensible" person will be able to do all that is required with  efficiency? In somewhat earlier times we know that the "fool of the family" was  always dedicated to the teaching profession (if not already devoted to the  Church), since "anyone" could teach. We have progressed much since those days, but  still we find the great majority hold "any sensible man or woman" can teach, and  the vanguard of educationists even are far too prone to argue that the inspiring  personality is the only essential. Now, I recognise the profound need of inspiring  personalities in all educational work, but I desire to point out two things—first,  that the inspiring personality does not necessarily know, by nature, the best  methods by which to get into touch with the minds he seeks to reach, nor always  how to expend his own forces to the best advantage. Moreover, he may be  "inspiring" in certain directions, and yet prove ineffective in many others; he  may develop admirably certain qualities in personality, yet leave untouched many  others; his ignorance of physiology, of certain normal and abnormal tendencies in  human beings, may commit him to all kinds of errors, which cannot be wholly atoned  for by his own fineness. In any case, it is obvious that expert knowledge of  mental and physical and spiritual processes must add to the equipment of the  teacher, however inspiring a personality. Secondly, I would point out that the  majority of teachers—the majority of all us human beings— are not (perhaps a  future state will alter this, I know not) specially "inspiring" personalities. I  know no method by which one may acquire this much-to-be-desired kind of  personality; but at least every teacher may gain, by patient work and effort,  some understanding of the human minds he will deal with, some knowledge of what  actually does and can happen among human beings, and some power of entering into  communion with other minds. These things, I say, can be learnt to some extent, and  it is a shameful thing that any individual should be suffered to enter the  education profession without having set himself thus to learn. Those who have any  knowledge at all know well that in what is called "upper-class" education of this  country, training and knowledge of fundamental principles are scoffed at openly.  Eton and Harrow masters, University lecturers, expensive private-school teachers  laugh at the idea of training for teaching, and at psychology as "twaddle." All  they desire, all that is asked from them, is the power to pass all kinds of  "advanced" examinations which confer degrees, so that they have plenty of  book-knowledge to pour out. I do not think that the more advanced educationists  hold this view; they have, truly, realised that the giving out of facts is not  education, but I cannot find that they have grasped the necessity of exact  training for their work. It may well be answered here that the training of  teachers, as we know it to-day, is largely a sorry farce, and with that contention  I heartily agree. Perhaps the only way now to go forward would be to abolish  training and training colleges as now existent root and branch; but that is not  saying that training, the right kind, is not essential—indeed, the essential—for  the teacher's work. I find another rather large difficulty in connection with many  of the "Reform" schools. Their directors and heads are most frequently  personalities of exceptional nature, inspiring, idealistic, delightful, which is a  matter to rejoice over; but here comes a problem. Can these exceptional natures,  unless well trained in knowledge of mind, deal satisfactorily with the more  "ordinary" average minds under their care? I come to the conclusion that they  cannot, and thus we are faced with the problem which is the problem for  democracy—namely, how shall the leader keep in touch with his rank and file,  neither coercing them into what he desires for himself, nor failing to grasp and  interpret their desires and impulses? I am quite sure that sometimes the lofty  personalities do not really get at the children and young people they are  educating; perhaps they cannot realise all the commonplace tastes and desires,  the baser instincts of these others; perhaps they will not. However it may be, I  am convinced that this non-realisation or deliberate ignoring can only lead to  evil results, and this is seen most largely, most evilly, in connection with sex,  as I mentioned in my former article. The subject of sex-education and sex in  education is so enormous and so difficult that I can only touch upon two or three  of the most obvious points. As I have said above, one of the most serious  difficulties is this—that the advanced people who run "Reform" schools and  institutions frequently are such that they are left wholly, or very largely,  untouched by serious sex questions, consequently the matter is not of great  importance to them. Or perhaps these men and women will be people to whom sex has  come simply and beautifully in their lives, and they are disposed to think that it  comes equally beautifully and simply to all, or if it does 186 THE FREEWOMAN  January 25, 1912 not, there is something radically wrong in the others. Well, to  many of us sex does not come either simply or beautifully, and I hold that it is  the duty of the educator to recognise this at least, and to attempt to gain  knowledge wherewith to cope with painful or difficult sex manifestations. It is  the commonest thing in the world to find heads of schools treating a sex  difficulty when it does occur (usually it is only perceived long after occurrence)  as something to be quickly hushed up by punishing the children concerned in the  business as "immoral" or "pernicious" characters, who must be got out of an  otherwise perfect establishment. Then life goes on again as usual, until the next  "scandal" possibly occurs, and we witness a repetition of previous methods. Even  in co-education schools we often find a complete absence of any sane  sex-instruction, and the school goes on, sublimely trusting to luck.  Unfortunately, open scandals do not often occur, one could wish they would, if for  nothing else but that they would perforce drag the attention of educators and  parents to this whole matter; as a rule, however, things go on secretly, undreamt  of by those in authority, and the latter are indignant at the suggestion that  untoward happenings may be rife in their schools. But it is not only an ignorance  of what actually happens among men and women, boys and girls, that many of these  progressive educators evince; worse still, they do not seem to know at all what  they want, or perhaps I should say how to arrive at what they want. Take an  example. I know several advanced schools in which what is dubbed "sentimentalism"  is sternly repressed; those passionate friendships, so common in adolescence, of  girl for girl, boy for boy, or even of girl and boy for the teacher, are  "discouraged" to such a degree that all outward manifestation, at least, is  prevented. What is the reason for this? Is it to sterilise emotion and  sensibility? We know that it is not; that the same school which thus represses  is aiming at the development of sane, well-balanced beings, capable of emotion.  Yet I firmly believe that there is no hope of such products unless the emotions  may expend themselves throughout, and the legitimate channel for emotion in  adolescence is in the direction of adoration, such as I have mentioned above (with  guidance, possibly, at times). Without this we are likely to develop, and we are  developing, human beings who are warped either from lack of emotional capacity or  from a pent-up excess of it. Vitally relevant to the question I am considering is  the matter of the married and unmarried teacher. Here, still, the "Reform" school  is unprogressive; still we find the staffs of these schools, anyhow in the case  of the women, consisting almost wholly of the unmarried. This I believe to be  fundamentally wrong. The topic is a large one, and for the moment I have no space  to argue it out; but I will say that on the ground alone of superior wisdom  (which includes, but does not alone connote, "knowledge") the married teacher, man  and woman, is absolutely essential for any decent system of education. So far, it  may be said, my criticism is merely destructive; that is, of course, true, and  though I believe I have a few constructive ideas on this matter of education, I  should be the first to admit that I am only seeking about for better things, and  am rather in the position of knowing what I do not want than able to give out any  systematic views. But I hold that it is our bounden duty as thoughtful beings to  help one another to a better educational system, and from that point of view I  have written. B. L. The Prevention of Venereal Diseases. THE proposal of Ellen S.  Gaskell that no man should marry without presenting with his licence his clean  bill of health is an urgent necessity of to-day with reference to all diseases,  venereal or not. But a great deal more than this should be done, as every reader  of Mr. Havelock Ellis's sixth volume of "Studies in the Psychology of Sex" must  admit. It is a national disaster that, owing to the stupidity of the English  police regard to the earlier volumes of the series, these volumes cannot be  procured except from the F. A. Davis Company in Philadelphia. No work can deserve  closer attention from those who have either the leisure or rhetorical skill to  gain a position among the governing classes. Assuming that Mr. Lloyd George  seriously desires to improve the national health, he should not omit the volume  from his library. The cost to the British nation of venereal diseases is  £7,000,000 a year, and this excludes the ravages of such diseases on the  population at large. Yet the friendly societies (whose obscurantist notions on  medicine have been largely adopted by Mr. Lloyd George) decline to allow such  diseases to be the subject of insurance, and their criminal ignorance on a matter  of this kind has been but little modified by the National Insurance Act. It  appears that from five to twenty per cent. of the population in European countries  is syphilitic, while about fifteen per cent. of the syphilitic cases die from  causes directly or indirectly due to the disease. About thirty per cent. of the  blind in asylums owe their incapacity to their eyes being infected at birth by  gonorrhoea. It has been stated in the Lancet that in England seventy-five per  cent. of adult males have had gonorrhoea once, forty per cent. twice, and fifteen  per cent. three or more times. This disease, when communicated in its worst form  by husband to wife, has frequently been known either to kill the wife or to wreck  her health for ever. The evil is often aggravated by the endeavours of the husband  to conceal from his wife the disease from which she is suffering, and to prevent  her from getting proper medical treatment—the same sort of policy that the  friendly societies pursue. Mr. Havelock Ellis writes as follows of those who think  it immoral to do anything that might seem to involve indulgence to those who  suffer from such diseases":—"The progress of the race, the development of humanity. .. has consisted in the elimination of an attitude which it is an insult to  primitive peoples to term savage... ." The excuse given by these enemies of  their kind is that venereal diseases are "the result of voluntary action." But, as  Mr. Havelock Ellis points out, "all diseases are equally the involuntary result of  voluntary actions, such as the family poisoned by unwholesome food, the mother who  catches the disease of the child she is nursing," and so forth. Nor, of course,  can mothers or children be said, as a rule, to come within the classification of  "voluntary action." It is perhaps futile to reason with those who really regard  venereal disease as a "just visitation of God," even though it leads to the  disgraceful fact that in England, as apart from other countries, "the  communication of venereal disease by illicit intercourse is not an actionable  wrong, if the act of intercourse has been voluntary, even though there has been  wilful and intentional concealment of the disease." Criminal stupidity cannot be  abolished by Act of Parliament, but only by free and open discussion, so as to  create a climate of opinion in which criminal stupidity dies a natural death.  Discussion January 25, 1912 THE FREEWOMAN 187 in this country has merely spent  itself on measures like the "Contagious Diseases Acts"—statutes which apply only  to women, which cannot properly eradicate the evil, and which merely victimise the  prostitute, and, possibly, other women also. Other remedies must, of course, be  adopted. Compulsory notification is sometimes advocated, and this is often adopted  in other countries, such as Denmark, Sweden, and Norway, in conjunction with  gratuitous treatment of venereal diseases. Compulsory notification might in some  cases lead to a doctor not being consulted at all, but in any case Mr. Havelock  Ellis urges that "we must look on every person as accountable for the venereal  disease he or she transmits." Hygienic knowledge must also be spread among the  young, so as to protect not only themselves, but also future generations from  contamination. There was possibly some excuse for omitting to deal with such a  gigantic abomination when all disease was regarded as the result of sin. The  present attitude to venereal disease is only an atavistic relic of ancient and  evil superstitions. It has no justification of any kind for its existence. When  vast sums of money are being expended on fighting such diseases as cancer and  tuberculosis, it is a national crime that diseases, quite as common and probably  more avoidable, should be left to work their ravages undisturbed. "If preventible,  why not prevented ?" applies even more forcibly to venereal diseases than to  tuberculosis. Politicians will not help; doctors are helpless if no one will  cooperate with them. The present conspiracy of silence, which ought to be  denounced from the housetops, will prevail, as it has prevailed for centuries, if  women will not put a speedy end to it, and it is for women to begin the crusade.  They, at least, are the most obviously deserving and innocent victims,  particularly when their voteless condition hampers them from exerting the most  potent of all political influences. But they must be careful to eliminate  theological and obscurantist ideas from their campaign, which can only be won on  purely sanitary lines. If men were once assured that women would take this line,  and not merely inaugurate a duel between the sexes by introducing the wholly  irrelevant ideas of Puritans like John Knox into the question, both sexes could  combine with irresistible force in pursuit of their common end. Looking not only  at the present, but also far back on the past, one sees a shocking carnage of  poisoned lives, wrecked happiness, and hideous underground tragedies—a carnage  more criminal because more easily preventible than that of war itself. Every human  being alive to-day should be ashamed of dying without having done something to end  it, and the mere insistence on discussion and on removing the tabu is perhaps the  most useful service that can at present be performed in the cause. If such efforts  excite the opposition of those who call themselves religious, as has happened in  the past, then our opponents will have to face the prospect of being branded in  future as the worst foes of humanity, for—sooner or later—they will without doubt  be relegated to an impotent silence, and of them it will be said, as it was  written of the sacrifice by Agamemnon of his daughter :— "Tantum Religio potuit  suadere malorum." Every preventible birth of a syphilitic child, and every  preventible case of blindness at birth due to gonorrhoea, is a crime worse than  ordinary murder, and a State that does not strain every nerve to prevent such  crimes, is merely sacrificing vast numbers of its citizens on the altar of our  modern Moloch, the deity of prudery, superstition, and wilful ignorance. E. S. P.  HAYNES. The Tyranny of Home. "HOME, sweet home, there's no place like home.. ..  Thank goodness." In spite of the determined efforts of star artistes, street  singers, drawing-room warblers, and barrel organs to hand down from generation  unto generation the pretty sentiment of the ballad, the truth has out. To-day, all  sorts and conditions of people, men and women, old and young, married and single,  feel that home is the most utterly uncongenial place of abode imaginable. Some  have the courage to admit this openly, more seize any opportunity to talk  confidentially about their troubles to an avowed rebel, but unfortunately the  majority of victims are so cowed and demoralised by the tyranny of home life that  they consider it their duty to say nothing about their grievances, much less do  anything to free themselves from bondage. School themselves as they will, they  cannot help feeling at times that there is something radically wrong in that  sacred institution where they are treated as children, prisoners or slaves; but  so convinced are they by their upbringing that their own home is a sacred  institution, no matter how it is conducted, that they even suffer remorse for  their uncontrollable feelings. The tyranny of home exercises its baneful influence  through numerous despotic agents, and has power to affect every member of a family  who, for some reason, real or imaginary, is powerless to stand up against it.  About some of these agents and their work, we have already heard much in the past.  For instance, housekeeping troubles have, as we know, enhanced the popularity of  restaurants, clubs, and flats with a common dining-room. What weeping and wailing  there has been, over and over again, about the pity of allowing such innovations  to threaten home life; how weary we are of the case for the defence, based on the  dearth of domestic servants, owing to young girls of the lower classes preferring,  nowadays, to work at something which gives them their evenings free for  galavanting. True, there is a dearth of domestic servants, and I, for one, most  sincerely hope that the supply will continue to fall more and more below the  demand until the conditions of domestic service are revolutionised. It is absurd  beyond all argument to expect an employee to be on duty daily from 6 a.m. to 10 or  11 p.m. Servants have struck against the tyranny of home life—more power to their  elbow; and they have had the courage to make it clear why, as a class, they are  in revolt. But the dearth of domestic servants is much overexaggerated as a plea  for the breaking up of the home. By many people who had long been sick and tired  of home life, this labour trouble was eagerly seized upon as an excuse for the  cry, "In the name of freedom, we must do away with the home." Here I would take  the opportunity of stating very clearly that my object in attacking the home is  not to plead for the abolition of that institution, but to try to bring about a  revolution in family life. For I am convinced that no place of abode has the power  to give an individual such freedom as the home, that family life as a whole is  essentially more to be desired than communal life. Well do I know that before  anything like the ideal home I have in mind can become a common institution many a  drastic revolution in public opinion will have to be effected, and in the name of 188 THE FREEWOMAN January 25, 1912 freedom many a man and woman will have to be  courageous enough to give pain to people they love. But no advance can be made  towards the ideal, which is not to say the impossible, until a much larger number  of people can be induced to look the tyranny of home straight in the face. Under  present conditions, a man loafs about his club because his wife neglects the home; he lacks the courage to tell her that if she cannot, or will not, look after the  house, it would be much better for them both if they engaged a housekeeper.  Perhaps he cannot afford such an addition to the household staff; but even if it  occurs to him that his wife might earn the money to pay a housekeeper, he  dismisses the idea on the grounds that such a course would be infra dig.—what  would the neighbours say? If it came to the ears of people with whom he does  business that his wife was earning her living, how horrified they would be. Again,  a wife feels that she would so much rather go on with the work she was doing  before she was married than devote herself wholly and solely to domestic affairs.  But the prejudices of the labour market force many women to resign a business  appointment on marriage—the Government sets employers the example of dismissing  women employees in such circumstances, and every member of the Stock Exchange has  annually to sign a rule that his wife, if he has one, is not engaged in any kind  of business. In cases where the wife could get congenial work, the husband often  forces her to be a domestic drudge to her house and children, because of his  prejudiced notions that a married woman's only sphere of action should be the  home. Yet again, sons run away from home, daughters marry anyone to "get out of  it." But most of the people who keep away from home as much as possible, or "get  out of it" permanently, are doing little or nothing more to bring about home  reforms than are those who think it their duty to pretend that home is all it  should be to them. Yet see how the truants and deserters cherish the ideal of  home. The habitués of clubs and restaurants will tell you in confidence that they  are sick to death of their enforced habit of spending all their spare time in  public. How they wish they had a home to which they could ask their friends; a  home where they could pursue their pet hobby in peace. I am not thinking of the  unmarried "lonely souls," but of married people, men and women, who have a home,  but are driven from it by its tyrannical atmosphere caused by a hundred and one  absurd prejudices. Nor are runaway boys and discontented girls warned by their  experiences under the parental roof to avoid family life. They get married, so as  to have a home of their own, and the queer thing is that tyranny is soon working  havoc under their chosen roof. I myself know more than one boy who ran away from  the parental home because he resented its narrow-minded, tyrannical régime; as  married men, they are now quite as narrow-minded and despotic as were their  fathers. And I know several girls who married because they could not endure life  with father and mother; they are treating their husband and children in a very  similar way to that by which their own mother helped to make home unbearable. Lack of courage is certainly one reason why the victims of home life, who are  nevertheless devoted to home in the abstract, have done so little to bring about  reform; but an equally fundamental reason is their tendency to stop far short of  the root of the evil in tracing the causes of tyranny in the home. Ibsen, in "The  Doll's House," revealed one vital cause of tyranny in the home, with the result  that to-day quite a respectable number of men do not regard their wife as a mere  plaything. But the great demand is still for the "dolly" type of wife, who will  allow a man to play the despot as husband and father. Another far-reaching and  vital cause of tyranny in the home was most ably summarised in a recent issue of  THE FREEWOMAN, in the fourth instalment of "The New Morality": "When women come to  regard the 'kept' condition of the 'mother' and 'wife' with as much horror as they  regard the other 'kept' women, and sometimes children whom they keep religiously  outside the pale, or as they would regard a male lover who sold his 'love' for  board and lodgings, then—and never until—shall we have arrived at the point when  feminism will be sure of itself and its future." The "kept" mother does so much to  make home an undesirable place of abode. She is the woman who neglects her house,  so that there is no comfort in it for anybody. She it is who neglects her children  for the sake of futile pleasures, and alienates sympathy from those mothers who  are irked by being expected to play nursemaid, for the very sound reason that they  are better equipped for some other kind of work. And she it is who is always to  the fore in encouraging the prejudice that married women must not be wage-earners. Whilst I can see clearly how home suffers from the common desire of men to keep  women in bondage, and from the common desire of women to be "kept" at any  sacrifice, in my own opinion the most potent cause of the generally tyrannical  atmosphere of the home is the attitude of parents to their grown-up children,  particularly to the daughters of the house. Youths, I know, suffer from paternal  despotism, but when they go out into the world and begin to earn a living, mothers  are wont to believe that boys will be men, and help them accordingly, and public  opinion is in favour of their efforts and strategies to "win a latchkey." How  different is the general attitude to girls who go out to business. In all grades  of the middleclasses, it has become quite the respectable thing nowadays for girls  to take up some form of paying employment when they leave school. But they are  never encouraged to imagine that they earn their living—oh, dear, no, not even  when they are quite grown up in years, and are wholly self-supporting! Every  pay-day most of them have to hand over to mother or father their week's or month's  salary, less a minimum for travelling expenses and lunches. Some portion of their  own money is doled out to them for clothes, and for this they must gratefully say,  "Thank you." I, personally, know numbers of grown-up daughters who earn their  living, and yet are treated like infants. They are not allowed to read such and  such books, they are handicapped in their choice of friends, they must not "waste"  money (their own money, mark you) on going to the theatre, failing special  permission to stay out they must come straight home from business, and any letters  they receive must be shown to mother. We hear much about what women could do if  only they had economic freedom, and far be it from me to deny that women cannot  hope to get far without it. But the question is, what would the women who have not  got it do with it if they had it? For it is an undeniable fact that thousands of  the bondwomen of to-day are economically free. Any woman who is earning a pound a  week is in a position to think as she likes, and do as she likes— although not by  any means all she would like. For the sake of freedom, I have lived on less, and  counted any sacrifices cheap at the price. I have by no means exhausted the trials  and tribulations of women wage-earners who board and January 25, 1912 THE  FREEWOMAN 189 lodge at home. When they get home at night they are expected to lay  the tea, or set the supper, or put the little ones to bed, or to make themselves  useful in some domestic way. The competent ones in particular are imposed on, and  as, in penalty for their efficiency, they have probably already had to wrestle  with particularly exacting work during the day, it comes particularly hard on them  to be called upon to do this, that, and the other when they get home.  Incidentally, I am impelled to mention that quite apart from the question of  wage-earning, the inefficient and lazy members of a family help largely in making  home life very unpleasant. They are the first to resent discomfort, and the last  to move a finger to avoid it To come back to parents as despots, and this time the  interests of sons, as well as daughters, are involved. Parents are getting more  and more into the habit of utilising their children's earnings as a means towards  social advancement. Directly the children begin to contribute to the exchequer,  there is talk of moving into a bigger house. Mother is usually the culprit who is  specially anxious to do this. The new house is sure to be some shade too much  bigger for the combined income of father and children than was the old one in  proportion to father's earnings. The worry of keeping up appearances in a house  that is beyond a family's means leads to irritation that destroys harmony. When  will people learn that getting on in the world means moving from a house that is  just within their means to one that is below their means, not beyond them? In my  ideal of a home, every member of the family has some leisure hours daily, and when  all expenses have been met there is a margin of income for everyone to spend on  pleasure. Since all ideals vary with temperament, I will not enter more fully into  details of my own ideal of a home—suffice to say, I have realised it. But in the  name of freedom, the home as an institution certainly wants reforming, and I hope  the day is not far distant when everyone who is economically free to rebel against  the tyranny thereof, as it affects him or her, will rise in revolt. I take it that  the principal charge that will be brought against me for expressing such opinions  will be that of trying to set children against their parents. Well, I believe in  doing things thoroughly, so I will be an out and out criminal. I implore you, all  sons and daughters who are living at home and paying your way, actively to resent  having the command of "Children, obey your parents," hurled at you as an excuse  for bidding you submit to tyranny. Paste up in a prominent position the command,  "Ye fathers provoke not your children to wrath." You, too, have the authority of  the Bible on your side, and I would have you know that parents were bidden not to  play the tyrant before the duty of obedience was laid down for children. Edith A. Browne. Mrs. EDITH GARRUD cordially invites all readers of "THE  FREEWOMAN" to attend a demonstration of modern JU-JUTSU, On FRIDAY, JANUARY 26th,  at 8.15 p.m. the rooms, 9, ARGYLL place, regent street, west. Uranians. II. I DO not know upon what authority Dr. Whitby writes upon the  Uranian temperament, but apparently his right to do so is based upon the fact that  he is a "medical man," and it is this fact that renders him competent, but  according to Dr. Whitby, the competent people are the ones who should desist from  discussing these matters; therefore we are to presume either that he is not  competent, or that, despite his competency, he boldly overrides his prejudices. My  competency, let me state, is not based upon the fact that I have read Edward  Carpenter's book "The Intermediate Sex," nor upon the fact that other people have  proved the existence of Uranians, but from the fact that I myself know of their  existence. However, I am obliged to him for his article, more so since, in writing  it, I feel sure that he has been obliged to thrust aside his repugnance. If more  people would follow his example this subject would not be darkened by a mist of  ignorance and misconception, and only aired to satiate the pornographic craving of  certain depraved members of an advanced civilisation. Now, to start with, Dr.  Whitby compares Uranians with "imbeciles, dwarfs, and monstrosities."  "Monstrosities" is one of those ambiguous terms to which the precise meaning  intended by the writer and supplied by the reader do not coincide, and so we are  left with "dwarfs and imbeciles." Now, dwarfs are not, ipso facto, undesirable  people. A dwarf may be as efficient a member of a complex community such as ours  as anyone else; in a State composed wholly of prize-fighters, where sheer brutal  physical strength was an essential (if such a State can be imagined), a dwarf  would certainly be a useless member. But with regard to imbeciles, Dr. Whitby  seems to forget that an imbecile cannot be a desirable member of our community,  and, moreover, a percentage of imbeciles in a State points to an evil condition,  either as regards sin or ignorance, or both (and I presume that by dwarf Dr.  Whitby really means misshapen individuals, in which case they, too, would come  under this category), and we know from experience that when the condition improves  the percentage of imbeciles diminishes. But with regard to Uranians, we know  nothing of the kind, and if Uranians were the only outcome of such conditions,  then they would hardly form a justifiable reason for changing those conditions;  on the contrary, a Uranian can be, and is, precisely by reason of his abnormality  and aberrations, a useful member of our community. The Uranian, let us presume  (since science has thrown but little light on the subject), is the outcome of the  child inheriting qualities from both sexes, and not the outcome of sin or  ignorance. We have discovered how to guard against imbeciles, but we have not yet  discovered how to prevent the offspring of the two sexes inheriting what Dr.  Whitby considers incompatible qualities from both its parents. In my article,  however, I did not insinuate that sexual inversion was a sign of genius; if any  such absurd generalisation was to be deduced it was that genius is typical of  sexual inversion. I must confess I am absolutely capable of appreciating a sunset.  Words are implements by which 190 THE FREEWOMAN January 25, 191 to express  thought. I have not the least doubt but that Dr. Whitby has in his mind two vague  groups of qualities which he seeks to express by the terms "feminine" and  "effeminate," but he utterly fails to impart his delicate nuance to me, neither  does the dictionary throw a glimmer of light upon the subject; therefore it seems  that he has proved nothing by asserting that a man may be "feminine," but not  "effeminate," since the words have apparently an identical meaning. Similarly the  subtle distinction that a woman may be "mannish," but not "virile," is equally  valueless. Dr. Whitby remarks that there may be congenital cases of sex inversion,  and also he asserts that there may be cases arising from suggestion and  auto-suggestion; in saying this, he merely indorses a remark in my last article,  but I am only concerned with the congenital cases, which, I contend, are more  frequent than Dr. Whitby is willing to admit. With regard to the value of Edward  Carpenter's book, "The Intermediate Sex," to Uranians, I can only repeat that  which I have already stated; everything which helps people to understand  themselves, at the same time assists them to guard against their weaknesses, and  is therefore of good to mankind; and not only this, but the book assists them to  realise that they are not to be any more ashamed of their sex than Dr. Whitby is  of his. With the next remark I thoroughly agree. "Not what we are born really  signifies, but what we make of ourselves." The complexity of the characters of  many species of Intermediates is so very great that they are apt to gyrate upon a  point rent by their many proclivities, as it were, rather than start off down some  given line of action. Then, too, in the case of bi-sexuals, their passions are so  very great and many-sided that to thoroughly master them is indeed a victory. Now  to recapitulate. I see in Dr. Whitby's article the attitude of a man proud of his  virility and sex, possessing an ideal of womanhood—an ideal a little more advanced  than that demanded and produced in the Victorian era, since he allows the woman a  touch of the man— "mannishness"—likewise he allows the man a touch of the  woman—"femininity." But supposing the man gets a larger dose of "femininity" than  Dr. Whitby approves of, he then calls it "effeminacy"; or the woman a larger dose  of "mannishness" than he deems desirable, he calls it "virility." What is the  result? A homosexualist and a sophist. These people Dr. Whitby strongly  disapproves of, and I do not; but he approves of the mutual adoption of certain  qualities. Therefore Dr. Whitby and myself only differ in a matter of degree. He  has attached an arbitrary line to his "mannishness" and his "femininity," any  excess of which he denotes by two other words which have an identical meaning with  the first two, and classes with "dwarfs, imbeciles, and monstrosities." I have  attached no such arbitrary line, neither do I class "effeminate" men and "virile"  women with his trinity. I presume he will not dispute the fact that "dwarfs,  imbeciles, and monstrosities" are undesirable in a State, and symptoms of  ignorance and sin. But I declare that homosexualists and sophists are not  undesirables and I support this statement by the fact that genius has often come  from the ranks of Uranians, and, moreover, that Uranians, by reason of their dual  natures, which Dr. Whitby finds so deplorable, are especially suited to produce  pioneers and men and women of unusual intellect. Harry J. Birnstingl. Correspondence. To the Editors of The Freewoman. I regret that pressure of other  work prevents me contributing any article on the subject of the spread of venereal  disease, which is discussed by Ellen S. Gaskell in your issue of January 18th.  However, I feel compelled to make one or two observations upon that article. Your  contributor seems to be under the impression that men are the only culprits in  this very serious problem. That is not so. The reports of the Chief Constable of  Glasgow and unofficial calculations concerning prostitution in Glasgow and London  put the number of women earning a partial or sole living by prostitution at  between one in twelve to one in twenty. A considerable proportion of these women  marry in afterlife. Therefore your contributor would be treating this subject with  much more fairness if she had concluded by saying that "no man or woman should  marry without presenting with his licence his clean bill of health." This is the  more important, as Block and other writers have stated that women have a far  greater power of infecting men with these diseases than men have in regard to  women. I cannot associate myself with the general tone of your contributor towards  the persons who have the misfortune to be the victims of these venereal diseases.  One thing which should be broken down is the artificial horror and bated breath  with which syphilis and gonorrhoea are whispered about. They are diseases of  gravity like cancer and insanity. A person who has cancer is not regarded as a  quasi-criminal, and I cannot appreciate why men or women suffering from syphilis  should be regarded as pariahs. It is true that it is very infectious, and  transmissible from one generation to another. That is only a proof that many  perfectly innocent people may have the misfortune to catch it, or to inherit it.  The nature of human beings existed long before twentieth century "morality," and  will continue to exist, as it was created, subject to influences of climate, long  after present-day prurience has disappeared from society. The reason I have  written in this strain is this: It is useless attempting to get back to a healthy  view upon these questions if women will persist in regarding men as solely  responsible for the evils flowing from venereal disease. Take the case of  children. The fact that men alone can be prosecuted and sentenced to imprisonment  and penal servitude for sexual offences against children has led women reformers  to imagine that their own sex is free from the commission of these offences. The  only difference is that whereas a man can be prosecuted for misconducting himself  with children of either sex, women cannot be so prosecuted, as there is no law  dealing with such offences by women. Yet medical men, such as the late Dr. Lawson  Tait, in technical addresses, have often referred to the prevalence of such  offences among women and girls. I do not advocate that women should be punished  for these acts. I very much doubt, from some experience of the trials of such  cases on the assizes, the utility of. punishing men. The Incest Act was a  particularly iniquitous measure, in which were combined the maximum of prurience  and the maximum of injustice against both men and women guilty of incest, though  men, as is generally the case in enactments under the criminal law, will be the  greatest sufferers, unless and until this measure of prurient Nonconformity has  been repealed. C. H. NORMAN. ® 9andgt; 9andgt; To the Editors of The Freewoman. Surely Mr. C. F. Hunt is joking when he says that Karl Marx when he circulated the  Communist Manifesto in 184S was a single-taxer. Certainly his first proposal is  "the abolition of property in land and application of all rents of land to public  purposes," and his seventh is the "extension of factories and instruments of  production owned by the State; the bringing into cultivation of waste lands, and  the improvement of the soil generally in accordance with a common plan," and his  eighth is the use of conscription for industrial purposes—a proposal revived by  the late Professor James on the ground that it could be used to associate service  of the native land, and the heroic facing of danger by men acting under  discipline, with dangerous industrial occupations, such as mining, deep-sea  fishing, piloting, and so forth, instead of always with war. If Mr. Hunt assures  me this is the programme of a single-taxer (there is not a word about January 25,  1912 THE FREEWOMAN 191 special taxes on land in it) I must change my idea of  single-taxers. Of course, however, it is not a single-taxer's programme, but a  programme intended to lead on to revolution, since, as the preface by Engels says,  "a stage has been reached where the exploited and oppressed class—the workers —  cannot attain its emancipation from the sway of the exploiting and ruling  class—the propertied class—without at the same time and once and for all  emancipating society at large from all exploitation, oppression,  classdistinctions, and class-struggles." That I believe; but I give notice at  once that I do not guarantee I will accept every word written by Marx during a  life of propagandist effort as being entirely correct. Turning from Carl Marx's  pages to the observation of the world, ignorant as I am of its affairs, I have  heard of Coleman's mustard, Beecham's pills, and Rothschild's loans, and know that  Coleman, Beecham, and Rothschild are rich (in varying degrees, no doubt); yet  their wealth is based on mustard, pills, and money—not on land. Rent can be  extracted for the use of other commodities besides land; interest is rent on  money, or on means of production (or capital) purchased with money. I hate to see  the strong prey on the weak, whatever the traps are like that they use. The  Englishman who invests his money in Japan, China, and the Malay States does  nothing with brain or hand to produce the wealth that comes to him: why does not  Mr. Hunt object to this, if he objects to the evil of exploitation. Mr. Hunt has  written to you about moral rights: does he think the possibility of investment  morally justifiable? I do not. During the last twenty years the incomes derived  from business have increased far more than incomes from land. Land without a spade  is useless, and, in fact, capital in these days of large-scale production, when  the little man is nowhere, is almost as much actually under the control of the few  as land—I know there are a comparatively small number of shares in the hands of  little men and trade unions, but practically their power counts for nothing. The  land question diminishes in importance in a manufacturing country. As a matter of  fact, land can be manufactured in small quantities—look at Holland! Karl Marx in  that programme wanted waste lands cultivated and the soil improved, "in accordance  with a common plan," by which I suppose he meant for the benefit of some group of  people (or the nation) working on an organised plan. He evidently thought that  unemployment is not likely to disappear if supply and demand arc left to work by  chance and without any plan, with each man guided only by his immediate needs or  his cupidity. That is so, and arrangements must be made for the public welfare, so  that alterations and improvements in machinery and methods do not throw away the  value of workmen's acquired skill; so that production is deliberately arranged  with a view to consumption, and freed from the financial speculators who to-day  produce waves of trade fluctuation. Improvements in machinery ought to shorten  hours; the community must see that the two go together; competing profitseekers  will not. If sun-spots produce weather-cycles, and these trade-cycles (because of  the importance of agriculture in the world as a whole, and the influence of  weather on harvests and sales of harvests and the demand for harvesters), all the  more reason why unregulated cultivation or use of more land will not absorb the  unemployed. Allow me to quote an excellent summary of our view of things from  Challaye's "Syndicalisme révolutionnaire et syndicalisme réformiste": — "In  present-day society, two classes oppose each other: those who own without  working, the capitalists; those who work without owning, the working-class. 'On  one side, the thieves, the masters. On the other, the robbed, the servants.' The  rich can live an easy life, a life of leisure, of culture and liberty; for the  poor there is 'the hell of wage-earning.' The worker, when he looks for work  without finding it, is condemned to atrocious misery, to all the anguish of  unemployment. When he succeeds in getting work, he has to labour the whole day for  a wage so small that it does not give him either the material necessities of life,  nor a secure future, nor the possibility of attaining the highest joys of  intelligence and heart. No comfort; also no liberty. The worker is at the mercy  of the capitalist, or rather of the capitalists; theoretically considered free,  in reality he is the slave of those who own the land and the means of production,  obliged to work for them or to die of hunger. Between the modern wageearner and  the old slave or the mediaeval serf, no essential difference; the fate of the  wage-earner is even more precarious than that of the slave: the capitalist,  because he is not the owner of the workman, has not the interest that the  slave-owner has in not allowing his property to deteriorate.. .. How is capital  formed? By the amounts constantly deducted from the work produced by the workers: the workers create wealth, the capitalists keep most of it for themselves. The  power of the idle is made Gut of the misery of the producers. Thus 'the parasitic  minority' preys on 'the productive majority'; 'capital is the result of theft.'"  As Marx said, the capitalist gets rich not because of his own thrift, but because  of the thrift which he imposes on others. I apologise to G. E. M. for dealing out  matter that (as he, or she, truly says) is only "a somewhat incoherent collection  of commonplaces" to the Socialist. I do not do it in order to amuse myself or  anyone else, but to prepare a little, however ineffectively, for the construction  of a juster type of society—that being the great work of this age, in which it is  now so clear how unjust and thieving is the present system. Unfortunately, many  are till ignorant or indifferent. It is rather disheartening that so few women  seem to be really keenly interested in Socialism. Arthur D. Lewis. January 18th,  1912. ®andgt; 9andgt; ® To the Editors of The Freewoman. The fearless Radicalism  of The Freewoman can be compared only with that of the weekly paper started in  1881 in America by Moses Harman, a name mentioned in The Freewoman last week. Mr.  Harman's work continued for a quarter of a century, and its results will endure  many ages in the increasing liberty for woman. I think Mr. Sinclair slightly in  error in regard to the prison term served by Mr. Harman. As I remember it, his  sentence for the offence mentioned was five years, of which he served one year;  but he had previously served one year for similar "offence," or rather martyrdom.  Mr. Harman's sentence would have been much lighter had he shown penitence in court; but his bravery, defiance, and justification of his "crime" of truth-telling is  still the pride of the personal friends who survive him. On two points Mr.  Sinclair fails to represent the progressive people of the United States. First,  when he says: — "It is true that prostitutes are low people, and we don't care  very much what happens to them." Moses Harman would have pounced upon that  sentiment with all the power of denunciation he possessed. He would probably say:  How is that? MEN go down to bodily ruin, and none calls them "low." Are not  prostitutes human beings, and did not men wreck them and cast them out? Who is  competent to separate the "low" from the "high" in the moral or civic realm?  Secondly, that marriage of the young, if they remain sterile, by "scientific"  methods, is "the only way conceivable whereby prostitution can be ended." In the  absence of natural opportunity the wages of both the young husband and wife will  sink to the point of subsistence; but give all men and women natural opportunity  and natural wages (not "minimum" or any other sort of limited wages, but the full  product, without tribute to "unearned increment"), then all maternity will be  honourable, and never thought of as connected with "morals," or regulated by  compacts necessarily legal. Fathers and mothers with natural, or full, wages can  be trusted with children. At the same time, old legal forms will be  unobjectionable and harmless. Referring to the political forces on which  Suffragists can rely: All single-taxers and Socialists are Suffragists,  definitely committed to the doctrine by their platforms, being, in America, far in  advance of the trade unions in this regard. In the religious field, I understand  the ChristianScientists tend strongly towards equal suffrage, their literature  being tinged with this doctrine. Differences of dogma can be ignored, and is, in  America, where political co-operation is feasible. I am sorry to note a  reactionary tendency here, on the part of certain Suffragists, who denounce as  hypocrites the Suffragists who happen to be in power; and who seem in a frenzy of  fear lest these may not fall from power before certain pending economic changes,  which will affect unearned incomes, shall be completed. They dwell on the abject  condition of working women, assuming that voting, in the abstract, will somehow  prove a remedy, but prefer a measure of suffrage that will give the vote to  Conservative women only. In my opinion, equal suffrage must join hands with  economic reform, or be useless, for while wages remain so close to the line of  mere subsistence, manhood suffrage even is of value only as it preserves the  degree of democracy already gained. Chas. F. Hunt. 192 THE FREEWOMAN January 25,  1912 To the Editors of The Freewoman. I came across your paper for the first time  the other day (the issue of January nth), and was greatly interested, especially  in the various views expressed in the advanced Feminist articles. From the  writers' insistence upon sex and motherhood, one gathers the impression that in  their eyes these things are the supreme touchstone of the woman's movement, by  which the whole cause stands or falls. I found indignation expressed against the  "kept" wife, scorn of the "legitimate" mother, and a curious hint of possible "sex  hatred" in the confidently worded assertion that "if the last male disappeared off  the face of the earth, women would doubtless manage to continue the race without  male assistance!" ("The New Morality. IV.") But what strikes one most is the  shrill note of pain underlying all these vehement and pathetic outcries. And into  what does the cry resolve itself—this frenzied clamour for free love, this  language of revolt against sex tyranny as personified in the heraldic husband and,  more than all the rest, the declaration that in the new era women "will regard  themselves as being finally financially responsible for themselves and their  children." No sex hatred here, but rather a most piteous appeal to men. Why,  actually, when women find—as so many do perforce nowadays—that men either cannot  or will not marry and undertake the responsibilities of a wife and family, so  cruel is their need of love that they cry, "We will cost you nothing; our  children shall not be chargeable to you; only give us your love and make us  mothers." An amazing thing, full of pain and piteousness, that the poor souls  should want love and children so desperately as to grasp at them upon any  terms—upon no terms at all, in fact. "Unsexed? Unwomanly?" Surely the trouble is  all the other way, for if I read your correspondents aright, in heart-hunger and  heart-hunger alone lies the explanation of all the misery and unrest. A. H. T. January 18th, 1912. ®andgt; ® ®andgt; To the Editors of The Freewoman. May I have  space to criticise some of Mr. Upton Sinclair's assertions—not his conclusions,  for I agree "that it is no part of the right or duty of society to use force to  compel people to remain in the marriage relationship when it has become repugnant  to them," but the preliminary remarks he makes about religion and morals? He  assumes that "moral codes represent the efforts of men and women to adjust  themselves to the environment in which their life has to be lived." What if they  represent efforts to change the environment and perfect the men and women?  Religious tabus maintain their influence over men because men feel that life and  morals are not reasonable; and they are not. Self-sacrifice is not a calculation.  Was it right of the heretic to be burnt at the stake? if so, what practical  advantage could the heretic get out of it? Why does the mother starve herself to  feed her child? Right requires no more proof than beauty. The purposive,  intuitional, idealistic element cannot be left out of morals. Some of your  contributors are, perhaps, forgetting this. Real monogamic marriage, as we see it,  is bad; what about the ideal monogamic marriage? I defend it, just as I attack  the ideal competitive society with its "What I can get, I shall feel entitled  to—let the hindmost go to the devil." Arthur D. Lewis. January 20th, 1912. @ @ and To the Editors of The Freewoman. I have read Upton Sinclair's article on "Divorce"  in your January 18th number, and I regret to see such a low standard of ideals and  morals. I wonder if some of your women readers will feel as I do about it. Surely  the ideal should be that 1. Sex relationship and sex organs should be held  absolutely sacred to the production of children, and never be degraded to minister  to a lustful pleasure. 2. Both men and women should aspire to, and learn absolute  control of themselves and their desires, that if they did not want children, or  could not afford them, or were physically unfit, then they would abstain from  intercourse, and find the intimacy and pleasure of their lives on a higher plane.  I grant that the immediate results of the knowledge of artificial sterilisation is  apparently good, and seems to solve difficulties for many married people, but that  by no means proves it to be a right or moral course of conduct. I feel that the  people who preach this doctrine are merely closing a lesson book for people before  they have learnt their lesson, and have made easier the indulgence of uncontrolled  passions unfortunately outside the marriage circle as well as inside. Self-control  must be learnt some time, and neither in the case of drink or animal passions is  it any kindness to point out a way whereby a man may indulge and not take the  natural consequences. By all means work to get the law altered so that no woman  should be legally bound to give herself to a man except under the ideal conditions  I have named. Also let us give our best brains and work to shine a light on the  path that leads to self-control, and show that it is neither impracticable nor  unattainable. Some people already lead this higher form of married life. Let us  try to increase their numbers, but never lower the moral standard to regard sexual  indulgence as a necessity of life. January 22nd, 1912. (Mrs.) P. Sherwen. To the Editors of The Freewoman. May I, through your paper, be allowed  to express my sincere thanks to both correspondents who have commented on my  letter concerning "Defective Fatherhood" as being responsible for the involuntary,  and largely for the voluntary, prostitution of the country? By discussing all  sides we become all the better able to bring about reforms. Mrs. Brace blames the  mothers. Well, with all their shortcomings, I have tremendous sympathy with them;  it is really marvellous what they accomplish when we remember that they have had  "no real training for motherhood." It is just because the "physical mothers" and  the "mental mothers" (teachers) do so much and so well during the formative years  of children's lives, that it becomes "tragedy" on the part of the fathers not to  shoulder their responsibility regarding the labour, wages, and honour of their  daughters, which is clearly their duty, and ought to be their privilege as  parents. These two facts cannot be denied: — 1. That fathers take no active  interest in their daughters' work and pay. 2. That they maintain a law by which  children of sixteen can be ruined for life without redress. By omission in the  first, and commission in the second, the army of involuntary prostitutes is  recruited—while the voluntary must be the outcome of heredity from the fathers'  licence. What is urgently needed is legislation to insist that men be compulsorily  trained in "The duties and responsibilities of Husbandhood and Fatherhood." Then  we might begin to hope for better things. As to Mr. Birnstingl. I am truly obliged  to him for his candour in stating the man's point of view. It rather takes one's  breath away on realising that his points show that "humans" have sunk in sexual  matters infinitely "below the beasts." It is probably the unqualified licence in  marriage which causes so much of the discontent with marriage. It seems that it is  this very "married licence" which makes parents ashamed to discuss what ought to  be sacred matters with their children. If this be civilisation, we can easily  understand "race degeneracy," and the "decay of nations." The whole affair seems  pandering to sensuality. Is there to be no manly bracing of the will as there  would be over stealing, drinking, lying, gambling, but simply a weak yielding?  Surely, surely, this is not the tone for Britons, who reckon they have conquered  the whole world almost, but who own that they are absolute slaves to their own  sexual intemperance. If I take it aright, the mission of the Freewoman will be,  not for "licence" for herself, and yet "more licence" for men, but with a clear  understanding of sex, she will rescue the marvel of creation in the continuance of  the race from the plane of the present general sensuality to that of reverence. It  may be that she will bring about the ideal state of "true monogamy," which seems  to have been but rarely attained. The moral results by precept and example of the  Freewomen may be, "That they have tempered the human will for the conquest of  difficulties; they have furnished a school of manliness and self-conquest in the  midst of the slackness of the age," and prove that a great empire can only  continue so, by realising practically that "Selfknowledge, self-reverence,  self-control, these three alone, lead life to sovereign power." Jane Craig, L.L.A. © © ® To the Editors of The Freewoman. Will you please allow me to make a  correction? I learn that the women's wages at Huntley and Palmer's are not what I  stated them to be, namely, from 8s. to 13s. per week. I am told girls being at 4s.  6d., and their average is between 6s. 6d. and 7s. 6d., and the maximum is 13s. K.  D. Scott. January 25, 1912 THE FREEWOMAN 193 Anarchy in Art. THOSE purely superficial  deviations from the ordinary, in dress and manner, in speech and in gesture—the  dyeing of the hair green, by Baudelaire; the pink jacket of Gautier—so often  regarded as the sign of a vain and shallow nature, shall have a new significance  if we can but show that external peculiarities, so far from springing from no  deeper source than vanity (than which, indeed, no deeper could be found), bear  always some definite, traceable relation to essential qualities and temperamental  traits; and, further, that, in such case, they should be regarded as emblems of  revolt, of deep-rooted rebellion against creeds and customs. When, as no doubt  will happen one day, we shall have realised that man does not seek to express  ideas and emotions which are utterly foreign to his nature—that, himself a product  of Nature, he is powerless in the omnipresence of her laws to evince aught that is  not of her essence—we shall have attained to a higher plane of truth than we have  known hitherto. For to speak of a supernatural happening, in these days when  reputations have a more or less rational basis, were to induce disaster; yet  daily do we point to this woman or that man as unnatural beings, without knowing  that we place them thereby in the order of the supernatural, the mere belief in  which, if stated, would suffice to lose us our prestige. Let it be accepted that  man does nothing that is not of his very nature, and we shall see at once that  those who have displayed idiosyncrasies of dress and manner, have declared  themselves, ipso facto, rebels among men. And it matters nothing for our present  purpose whether they are conscious of their secession from the commonplace, since  the tendency was there, innate in them, and that (like stars) was not uncaused. It  is wrong to suppose that only those actions which may be referred to some  conscious motive are related to the profoundest springs of our being. Most often  our caprices and our impulses, and perhaps always our intuitions, are sprung from  that primal soil in us, whereof reason can teach us nothing. Especially in art do  we notice this; and it is seldom that an aesthetic creation contains, at its  inception, more than the germ of its final intention. Oscar Wilde has recorded  that some of his finest aphorisms were to him nothing but mere empty phrases when  he penned them, and it is to be doubted whether genius is ever conscious of more  than the approximate import of its own activities. The amazing self-revelation of  such men as Richard Wagner (though it were a mistake to class him) is altogether  extraordinary, significant of that incommensurable quality in art which makes it  so hard to define satisfactorily. If, as we have been told so often, it is the  chief aim of art to stimulate thought and to open up fresh channels of mind for  exploration, then Wagner failed as an artist. He was too complete, too conscious;  he was not content merely to ask new questions; he had an overweening impulse to  answer them. Not only did he point the way to unfilled fields of thought; he  would himself go with you to break the virgin sod, and become so engrossed in the  task that he would plough each field unaided, forgetful even of your presence, and  leave you to turn the barren headlands as best you might. If this was indeed so,  his art was purely didactic; but if, as we are inclined to think, art has for its  object to explore and express the significance which lies, for those who seek,  behind realities, then there can be no doubt that Wagner was the supreme artist.  Paradoxical though it seem, all vital art, while yet essentially original, is  evolutionary in nature, having its foundation in the numerous aesthetics of time  past. Art is itself the embodiment of all true progress, and the great artist is  he who, taking the important facts of the age that has produced him, so enhances  them that they become perceptible to the many. And what further need be said to  show how closely allied, if not actually merged, are Anarchy and Art? For none can  doubt that a grip of life's main issues is alone sufficient to incite men to  rebellion. It is not to be supposed that this aspect will have been grasped by  such as are acquainted solely with the art of this country; but it may be hoped,  with reason, that the increase of artistic intercourse between nations, and the  consequent overthrow of the national barriers, will conduce to a clearer  conception of that quintessential quality in art which we have chosen to call  revolt. In this matter the Continent has much to teach us, and, in particular,  Germany. It is not unlikely that if the true meaning of the many exquisite  pictures which appear weekly in Jugend (that brightest star among satirical  journals) were revealed to the Imperial authorities, many of the artists who now  delight us would speedily be silenced. Of these young men, so amazingly alive,  Julius Diez is perhaps the most virile. He has limned for us a night scene, in  which we see a sleeping city, spanned by a gigantic bridge. There are stars in the  sky, but from these our gaze is drawn to a grotesque figure that glooms upon the  bridge—a monstrous thing of human form, whose distended belly rises above the  parapet of the bridge, casting a vague, deep shade on all beneath. This is the  incubus upon our backs, who has grown fat with feeding on us, and in whose very  fatness we see deep meaning, lit by a ray of hope; for his attitude is a  strangely helpless one. He will not crash through the bridge, which is strong  enough. But as we gaze it seems that he grows so fat that his belly is gripped  between the bridge's parapets, and that he is able no longer to rise. Let it be  said (and it is rather more than a mere hypothesis) that nowhere is there such  scope for the expression of individual traits as in the arts. In painting and  sculpture, no less than in letters, he who breaks from the hard-packed hoofway to  tread a path aside is rightly accounted great; whereas if an artist display signs  of having patterned on the principles of some "school," or derived his technique  from a master whom he has not actually surpassed, his greatness is acclaimed with  reticence. The same may be said of music, without any of the qualifications that  might be urged against the other arts. The possibilities of music as a medium for  revolutionary propaganda are only restricted by our inability to comprehend its  more subtile import. We have already seen that all living art has its foundation  in a past age, but it is no less necessary to its vitality that its structure  shall be new. Let its roots probe deep into the forgotten past, and it will still  be dead if it has not a large measure of the spirit of its own age. Men who  reflect this spirit in their works are the stylists of their times; and not only  are there stylists in art, but also political and social stylists: men who, in  their own sphere, do not conform to general methods and ideals; who have found  that they are endowed with the ability to think, and have fostered their  capacities to the highest pitch; and who have not 194 THE FREEWOMAN January 25,  1912 feared to use that critical faculty with which all are gifted in a greater or  less degree. The keynote of art is individuality; and the essence of  individuality is revolt. George Meredith has shown that to lay bare emotions which  exist only in the ante-chambers of consciousness one must initiate a style, since  no existing type would serve. Meredith, in this, was an anarch, and if he did not  carry his standard of revolt into the very camps of the society he satirised, it  was because he preferred to be—or was, from temperamental necessity, impelled to  be—rather an anarch of art than a social rebel. Of modern artists whose work is to  be regarded as of some consequence in the scheme of things—in letters, in  painting, and in music—scarce one could be mentioned who has not shown a decided  tendency to break from prescribed forms of treatment. In England this is amply  shown by the paintings of Brangwyn and Simpson; the music of Elgar; the novels  of John Trevena, Maurice Hewlett, and George Moore; and the dramas of John  Galsworthy and Granville Barker. Whatever may be the particular aspects of art  to-day, it cannot be doubted that there is a general trend towards revolt. And  whatever may be urged in favour of the theory, that art has no aim but to express  the artist's individual view of life, we claim that this very fact, if such it be,  further establishes that the spirit of revolt is one the world over, regardless of  the forms its expression may assume; that the anarch of art is own brother to the  social or political rebel, and that their aim is one. Selwyn Weston. Freewomen and  the Birth-Rate. IV. WHEN writing my first article on this subject it was with no  intention of taking up the columns of The Freewoman with a discussion either upon  marriage and sex-relationship, or upon the economic doctrine of population. My  object was simply to call the attention of women who are working for greater  freedom—and Suffragists in particular—to the importance of this question, and to  show how it may be turned from its old function as the primary cause of their  enslavement to the greatest moral and economic power for their complete  enfranchisement. But, as I claimed at the outset, and as has been already  recognised by more than one of your correspondents, the population question so  fundamentally affects every department of human existence that I cannot profess  surprise at finding a large amount of your last issue taken up with communications  either directly or indirectly bearing upon it. Just as the mens sana must be based  upon the corpus sanum, so must all spiritual and intellectual uplifting wait upon  satisfactory economic conditions; and, as Mr. A. D. Lewis truly says, "these dull  questions of food and hours of labour are at present the most important  questions," especially to the would-be freewoman. I would like, therefore, to say  a little more on the economic question, but, before doing so, just a word or two  to the ladies who have written on the sex and marriage questions. Mrs. Leatham  again kindly supports the doctrine of Malthus, but, as I imagined, prefers the  "moral restraint" of Malthus himself rather than the preventive methods of the  neo-Malthusians. As I said in my last communication, this is a matter in which  women have every right to judge for themselves, and I freely admit that a  considerable proportion of women have acquired such a distaste for sexual life  under the existing regime that it is quite likely they will prefer such unions as  Mrs. Leatham indicates; and no one has any right to disapprove so long as they  fulfil any parental obligations they may take upon themselves. But Mrs. Leatham  quite recognises that if this were to take place on the large scale, it would  cause difficulties as regards men, and I am unable to see how the break-up of the  edifice of life-marriage she speaks of will remedy this state of affairs. If one  sex demands more than the other is willing to give, I cannot see any other remedy  than that of mutual concession, which can be equally applied either to temporary  or longenduring unions. But, despite my sympathy with her feelings, I have some  reason for hoping that Mrs. Leatham is mistaken, and that there is not any such  great difference between the sexes as would at first sight appear. Although not a  medical man, I have made it my business to get together the best evidence  available, and this tends to show that in both sexes there is normally a strong  desire for union, but that the physical and emotional repression imposed upon  girls leads to considerable functional and mental changes which may not only  produce illhealth but a strong distaste for all such matters. Moreover, the  horrible ideas concerning "impurity" and "sin" put forward by religion have told  chiefly upon women. But we are rapidly coming to more healthy and rational ideas  on this subject, and I imagine that Mrs. Leatham will not regret it if it is found  that, with freer conditions, men and women are really suited to each other, and  for long-enduring though unshackled partnerships. Let us be sure that there really  is any physiological reason for prolonged abstinence in women before we build our  social schemes in accordance with it. As to the native customs she quotes, I quite  appreciate their value, but would venture the opinion that if they could be traced  back to their source they would be found to be simply devices for limiting the  number of the children, and not for securing any advantage to the woman. Your  correspondent "Britomart" must have misunderstood me badly if she or he supposes I  think married women are already free. All I contend is that a tool has been  devised by which they can free themselves as they learn how to use it, and which  is helping to free them by mitigating the economic struggle. I am not, of course,  ignorant of the fact that at the present time the bulk of the limitation of  families is caused by men, whether at the wish of their wives or not. And I have a  sufficiently good opinion of my own sex to believe that the majority of them have  been and will be quite willing to co-operate with women in controlling the number  of children, provided that it does not involve a painful and physiologically  injurious abstinence.* At the same time, it may be said that one of the definite  advantages of prevention rather than continence is that it enables women to take  the matter into their own hands, and refuse to bear children when the husband is  intemperate or callous. This enables women to exercise their natural power of  eugenic selection, and I, for one, doubt whether any other is needed, except in  the case of the mentally afflicted. Of course, this seems cold comfort to the  advocates of "emancipation in a hurry" (to quote Mrs. Billington-Greig). To many  who feel the intolerable burden of the fetters, mere mitigation seems simply an  insult. The point, however, which * In saying this, I am perfectly aware that not  only is the injuriousness of such abstinence denied by theologians and idealists,  but also by more than one body of medical men. Time will show who is correct. January 25, 1912 THE FREEWOMAN 195 I have laboured to show is that these fetters  are not a mere mark of man's brutality to woman, but one of the manifestations of  the intrinsic brutality of nature to humanity which we have only recently learnt  how to overcome. Your correspondent says that women have not the only say in the  matter, and cannot have until they are economically independent. I say that women  will only become economically independent as the birth-rate falls, but that the  united interests of men, women, children, and the State really demand this  restriction, and it only needs more general recognition to be universally adopted.  Then, and then only, women will be able to be economically independent and to  impose such terms as regards marriage or other forms of union as they wish. Of  course, other efforts (such as divorce law reform, etc.) can be pushed on, but, in  my opinion, these will only succeed pari passu with the fall in the birth-rate.  Now I come to the economic question itself, and find that I have to deal with Mr.  A. D. Lewis and Mr. C. F. Hunt, as well as some remarks in the "Notes of the Week"  of the 4th inst. The former gentleman "fiercely asserts" that those who think that  single tax land legislation or a population question is at the root of them have  not studied sufficiently, and contends that what has to be attacked is the private  ownership of land and capital. The latter appears to be the single taxer  complained of, but is a Socialist of the Henry George school; while your  correspondent "Britomart" states that, after a long experience of Socialism, she  or he has found the population question shirked. I should have thought that these  gentlemen would have realised that it is hardly possible that anyone would write  with some degree of confidence in support of the population doctrine of Malthus  without having become acquainted with the much more attractive proposition of  State Socialism, and perhaps they may consider that a pretty thorough acquaintance  with the writings of Godwin, Marx, Bebel, Henry George, Kropotkine, G. B. Shaw and  the Fabians, Blatchford, Hyndman and Burrows, and sojourns among the Socialists of  Battersea and of Letchworth, form some preparation. After a most careful and  sympathetic consideration of the Socialistic position, I have been steadily forced  by the arguments of the Socialists themselves to recognise that the great bulk of  their doctrine rests upon a fundamental error, the belief in a bountiful Nature,  which is thwarted by the demon Capitalist, or that there would be plenty for all  if it were not for the greed of some who grab more than their share, and keep  others from getting a fair amount. Almost the only Socialist writer who is free  from this wholly false idea is Mr. Shaw, and I strongly recommend Socialist  opponents of the population doctrine to read the first Fabian essay on Economics,  in which he traces the evolution of our modern capitalistic system and its evils,  and at every stage of which he brings in the increase of population as the initial  cause. Again, in a number of the Fabian tracts reference is made to the population  difficulty, with the pious hope that since the comfortable classes have small  families (only since the Knowlton trial), amelioration of the conditions of the  poorer classes would lead to smaller families among them; thus implying that the  Socialistic remedy would fail unless the birth-rate were reduced.* Those who have  studied not only Socialistic but other economic literature, and, above all,  biology and chemistry, will realise that the human social system is only the  present stage of that biological * Karl Kautsky has also partially recognised the  Malthusian doctrine, while Achille Loria after resolutely denying it for years has  recently admitted its truth. evolution which has been going on since the first  appearance of life on earth, and the central feature of which has been the eternal  and unceasing struggle for existence due to the more rapid production of life than  food. Unless Socialists are prepared to upset the whole evolutionary theory of  Darwin and Haeckel, they must admit that the insufficiency of Nature is a fact as  regards the whole of the animal kingdom, and it is incumbent upon them to show  that their propositions recognise this fact and remove the cause which produces  it. I assert, not "fiercely," but with calm confidence, that the law of Malthus,  that uncontrolled population always tends to increase faster than subsistence, and  consequently continually presses against it, is as incontrovertible and  fundamental a law of sociology as the law of gravitation is of astronomy; that  all attempts to disprove it will only serve to establish it more thoroughly, and  that no propositions for social reform which conflict with it will be of any real  or lasting value. Mr. Hunt promulgates six questions, to which I will first give  categorical answers. 1. What food products can be named which increase less  rapidly than man increases in numbers? Answer.—Probably very few which could not  increase under favourable conditions much more rapidly than man (e.g., corn, fish,  etc.). 2. If none, then how can all food products increase less rapidly than man?  Answer.—Food products depend upon the quantity of nitrogen and other chemical  constituents present in the earth's crust. Therefore, there is a definite limit to  them even were there no men to consume them. (This is the answer to Henry George's  fallacies.) 3. Has anyone noticed a lack of food on the market? Answer.—Probably  not, if by this is meant an actual insufficiency to fill our shop windows, etc.  But it must be remembered that harvests are garnered once a year, and that the  apparent plenty is only part of the store which must be held over until the next  harvest. But there never is sufficient to feed all for the whole period, and the  adjustment is caused by the high prices which prevent the poor from getting their  share. If the prices were lower the whole of the food would be consumed some time  before the next supply became available. 4. If not, then the land in use furnishes  enough. Would not the much greater area of land held out of use yield a very large  surplus of food? Answer.—-In the first place, as has been just said, the land in  use does not furnish enough. This has been clearly shown by the statistical work  of M. G. Giroud,* who finds that the produce of the civilised world is only  sufficient to give an average ration, if evenly distributed, of two-thirds of that  required for physiological health. Secondly, a large portion of land, such as that  kept out of use in our own country could only be rendered continually fertile by  manuring, which would remove fertilising material from other already cultivated  tracts. (This is the answer to Kropotkine's assertions.) Thirdly, even if the  cultivation of unused land did increase the total food production, the change will  take time to bring about, and during that time the total population, if  uncontrolled, would increase far more rapidly than the total food. 5. Who has a  moral right to hold land out of use? Answer.—No one. If the advantage of the  community demands it, means may legitimately be taken to secure the distribution  of the land among those who will cultivate it. It is much better for the land to  be so distributed, but even in France, * "Population et Subsistances." (Paris:  Sleicher Frères.) 196 THE FREEWOMAN January 25, 1912 where this is the case, the  comfort of the peasantry has only been secured by a very low birth-rate. 6. What  was the first cost of land? and what made it so scarce and high priced? Answer.—-The first cost of land was nil. The cause of the scarcity of land was—no,  not private ownership—increase of population. I know that the answer expected of  me was land-grabbing, of which your correspondent will doubtless have had  experience in the United States, but land-grabbing is an effect, not a cause. It  is simply speculating on the law of population—on the knowledge that if you annex  a large piece of ground, even in a new country, the pressure of population will  shortly force others to come there and compete for your land. If population did  not increase, the landgrabber would be left in isolation, and he would leave off  grabbing. These answers are naturally far from complete, but I do not wish to take  up more space, and they will serve to show at least that there are answers to  statements even so apparently convincing and hitherto unchallenged as those of  Kropotkine. The chief part of his otherwise excellent book on "Fields, Factories,  and Workshops" is disfigured by his failure to recognise that the requisites of  agriculture are not only land and labour, but fertilising material, and that this  latter forms the real limit to subsistence. As the result of a challenge, I opened  a discussion a few months ago upon this subject before the Women's Freedom League,  giving five reasons for the contention that the food supply is and must be  insufficient for an unrestricted population, and not one objection was afterwards  made. I merely mention this to show that the population case is infinitely  stronger than is generally supposed, and in order to spare your readers the  details. In conclusion, I should like to make it clear that a realisation of the  absolute impregnability of the Malthusian doctrine does not make one unsympathetic  to the aims of Socialists or any other reformers, any more than a surgeon who  realises the necessity for a surgical operation becomes unsympathetic to all other  treatment. And I fully appreciate the feelings of those warm-hearted enthusiasts  who have been accustomed to hear of the Malthusian doctrine merely as a stern  monitor checking their enthusiasms, but leaving them without hope. But  neo-Malthusianism has from the first been founded upon a combination of human  sympathy with intellectual grasp of natural laws, and men and women can unite in  utilising all its wonderful possibilities as regards the moulding of the race and  of their own lives, while at the same time combining it with any other social  aspirations they may feel. C. V. DRYSDALE. THE FREEWOMAN notices and terms of subscription EDITORIAL Letters, etc., intended  for the Editor should be addressed: 9, John Street, Adelphi, London, w.c.  Telegrams to address below. PUBLICATION All business communications relative to  the publication of THE FREEWOMAN should be addressed, and all cheques, postal and  money orders, etc., made payable to the Publishers, STEPHEN SWIFT and co.. LTD..  10, John Street, Adelphi, London, w.c. Telegrams to "Lumenifer, London." Terms of  Subscription :—Yearly, 14s.; Six Months, 7s.; Three Months, 3s. 6d.; to any  address in the Postal Union. ADVERISEMENTS All orders, letters, etc., concerning  advertisements should be addressed to the Manager, THE FREEWOMAN, 9, John Street,  Adelphi, London, w.c. An Expensive Wife. I. IT was six o'clock a.m. on the river Menam at Bangkok. A  Siamese boat rowed by two men neared the King's Palace landing. They had been  coming down from Bangpa-in all night. The boat was pointed fore and aft, and had a  rounded cover of plaited fibre over the middle. A friendly steam launch had given  them a long tow until the tide turned, about 1.30 a.m. Since then they had rowed,  aided by the swift, strong currents of the tidal river. Each plied his big oar  like a gondolier, standing at his end of the boat, while in the middle, under the  cover, reposed a pile of huge prickly fruits. A strange, strong smell came from  them, filling the warm air as far as the river banks on either side, and possibly  giving joy to many a Siamese dreamer in a bamboo hut or floating house. A  European, awakened by the overpowering odour, might bury his face and groan in a  fresh fit of home-sickness. De gustibus non disputandum. It was still dark except  for the stars. Light glimmered in the east, however, and the sharpness of breaking  day was in the air. The river was already astir with big and little boats, and  lights here and there in the floating houses showed moving figures. The man in  front was the owner of the boat. He could almost see in the dark. And he could  defy the river spirits on such starry nights and with a companion. So he had saved  his cocoanut-oil lamp all the way down through the broad, empty river. Now they  were in Bangkok, and the traffic was increasing, so he lighted up to avoid  collisions. The flickering light of the Japanese match showed a pleasant-featured  Siamese, dressed merely in a loin-cloth, his brown skin streaming with  perspiration from neck to waist, although the December night was comparatively  cool. Bawm was a body-servant of Phra Teeam, who presided over the Siamese  arsenal. Intelligent and trustworthy, his master valued him so highly that during  the French war scare of 1893 Bawm had been twice sent on special secret service.  Once he had had a large sum of money on trust, not one tical of which was  afterwards missing. "I feel quite home-sick," said the man behind, gazing at the  dawn and suddenly shouting the sentiment at the back view of Bawm swaying as he  rowed his big oar. Against the faint light the tall tower of Wat Cheng showed  gloomy and giant-like. Bawm's companion was a Chiengmai man, and what there was in  the dim outline of the big temple to recall his northern home, Bawn did not  speculate on. he paddled on silently, then remarked, "I am thinking of home, too."  His thoughts were in his mother's floating house, and of the long sleep he would  have in a shady corner after eating plentifully of rice and "gapee" (fish-paste),  and the luscious morsels concealed within the prickles of the big prickly "durian"  fruits, six of which nearly filled the boat's end. These delights led him on to  thoughts of his young wife and child, who also lived with his mother. Brooey was  even more stimulating to thought than a "durian" fruit, and he paddled The International Suffrage Shop. a benefit performance, in aid of the funds,  will be given on Sunday, 28th January, at 8 p.m., including G. B. SHAW'S "the man  of destiny," MISS JEAN STERLING MACKINLAY IN OLD SONGS, and a new anti-armaments  play, "the coronation." All Seat must be booked before date. Prices'. 1/to £3 3 0,  from 15. ADAM STREET, STRAND. ALL PIT AND GALLERY TICKETS SOLD. January 25, 1912 THE FREEWOMAN 197 quicker, thinking of her soft, round form and  pretty cat-like ways. His little girl, too! She must have grown in the three  months he had been away. When he left she could almost walk alone, and had begun  to add ying (a) and chai (b) to the paw (c) and me (d)* of early babyhood. Why,  there she was, surely! That small black object on the floatinghouse ledge? Close  to the stove already alight under the rice-pot? No. That was a bigger child; and  as the boat touched and he sprang on to the house ledge, he recognised his small  half-brother. "Where is mother? And Brooey, and Dekh Ying (girlie)?" He crouched  beside the little boy, and quickened the blaze with a tattered palm-leaf fan. The  child looked stolidly pleased, and continued to stir the boiling rice. He was very  brown, rather dirty, and absolutely nude. "Mother's sleeping. She's tired out. And  Brooey's gone." A stunned pause. "And Dekh Ying's gone, too," he proceeded, as  Bawm got up and called his mother. It was now light on the river, but Bawm  stumbled in the back part of the floating house. All the little windows of attap  palm-fibre were still closely shut. First, he upset a large bowl of smooth green  ploo leaves done up in packets, then he banged into a water-jar. Finally, he got  down on all fours, and so felt his way gently to his mother's sleeping-mat. Not  even in his anxiety would he deliberately waken her. That would be wanton insult  to the spirit wandering in sleep away from the body, and it might be revenged. So  he crouched down beside her, and waited. Then he crept to the sidewindow of  plaited rushes, and, opening it, let in air and light on the sleeping woman. She  stirred and woke. The morning light showed a dark, haggard face, with large, soft  brown eyes and upright brush of black hair, still thick and ungrizzled. She was  dressed in panung and pahom as in the day, and she lay on the mat without any  covering. Her pillow was small, oblong, hard, and its covering, once, perhaps,  white, was brown, and polished with the dirt and wear of years. She showed no  surprise at seeing Bawm, but motioned him to hand her water for rinsing her mouth.  This over, she smiled wanly, showing teeth still sound and shining black. "Where  is Brooey ?" said the son. "I don't know. ... I don't, really," she repeated, as  her son looked hard at her. "She went to market as usual the day before yesterday. .. and she never came back." "Me!" said Bawm. "Didn't you go to look for her?"  "Looked everywhere. Spoke to everyone." "And Where's Dekh Ying ?" "Brooey took  Ying with her. I didn't know she was going to run away." "Buddho!. .. Run away!  Where to? How did you look for her?" "Have done all I can, son. Mè Saloong came  down from Pratoumtanee the day before yesterday, with her boat full of durian and  mamooang (mango) for the market. And she says "—a pause, during which she sniffed  loudly—then, "Have you brought any durian, my son? I think I smell it." "Of  course you smell it! I've got six beauties in the boat.. .. But, mother, what  does Mè Saloong say ?" "She says Brooey has gone with the lukchin (a),t the same  man who played with Dekh Ying at Paknam—do you remember? " "Buddho! Why does she  think Brooey has gone with him?" * (a) = girl. (b)=boy. (c) = father. (d) =  mother, +(a) = son of a Chinaman and a Siamese woman. Luk = son. Chin = Chinese. "The lukchin kept his boat close to hers all through market-time, and Mè Saloong  saw him give Brooey all his money. Then he took Dekh Ying into his boat, and went  up river, and Brooey followed. I am sorry," she added, as Bawm indulged in various  strong expressions. He quieted down after an extra strong expletive, and sat  thinking; then got up hastily, went to a small black-and-gilt box, and took from  it two clean panungs and a soiled white cotton jacket. He proceeded decorously and  simply to pass a clean panung round his waist, tying it in front, and letting the  soiled one slip to the ground. Then he twisted the surplus material in front into  a tight roll, passed it with one dexterous movement between the legs, and fastened  it behind into a metal belt. His mother watched gravely, getting up from her  mattress. "Where are you going?" she asked, as he thrust one arm into the cotton  jacket. "To Chiengrak.* I know where that lukchin lives. He works for the Nai  farang who makes the railway." He ran a coarse wooden comb through his hair. "I'm  going to catch them both." "But you haven't washed, or eaten rice." "Maï ben araï"  (no matter). "I must find them. This is a terrible loss," he continued, as he made  up a bundle of a few panungs, some of the packets rolled up in green leaf, and  several packs of small, oblong playing cards. "Nearly two catties+ I paid for  Brooey, besides work at Kim Ching's mill. And she's only eighteen now! I can't  afford another wife like that. And the child, too!" He was in the boat now, and  pushing off into the sunlight, already gleaming warm through the December mist.  "Come back soon," said his mother, speaking low and glancing round at the  neighbouring houses. "If you're not here when Phra Teeam wants you, you know he  will seize me." *A village twenty miles from Bangkok. + A catty is about 5. the "LADY" COMBINED KNIFE and SCISSORS SHARPENER Regd. 542,986. FOR EVERY HOME. Sharpens Carving and other Knives and Scissors. Simple to use. Will last a  Lifetime. Price 6 1/2 d. INSTRUCTIONS. Rest the Sharpener on the edge of the  table, place Knife alternatively in each end slot, and draw towards you, using  slight downwards pressure. For Scissors use the central slot. Scissors require  slightly more pressure. Sharpen each blade in turn. THE SHARPENING WHEEL IS MADE  OF THE FINEST HARDENED SHEFFIELD STEEL. The "Lady" Sharpener soon saves its cost.  ask your ironmonger for it. the national vendors' syndicate, 55, CHANCERY LANE,  LONDON, W.C. 198 THE FREEWOMAN January 25, 1912 "All right, mother." He was on his knees in  the boat, the paddle ready. "I'll come back if I can get Ying. Brooey may go with  the lukchin rather than you go to prison.. .. But it's a terrible waste of money  to lose an expensive wife like that. Me!. .. Nearly two catties!" II. It was about three weeks, Bawm's mother thought, since that morning he had left for  Chiengrak, and no news of him had she, except a rumour among the market-women that  the delinquents had fled north, into the deadly Dong Phya Yen,* and that Bawm was  pursuing them. Mooala plodded on and hoped he would come back. She had just  finished her morning bath in the river with her children when a woman, in large  basket-hat and gleaming green scarf across her brown breast, paddled up in a canoe  full of cocoanuts. "May I tie up here, Mè Mooala?" "Yes," said Mooala. "I'll leave  the boat here till to-morrow. I'm going into the palace to shave some of the royal  ladies." Sheltering small boats was Mooala's chief source of income. The river  banks at Bangkok are lined two or three deep with houses, some floating, others  perched high on piles, all very close together. The landings that communicate  directly with the roads are few, and, if not private property, are always  overcrowded, and usually the resort of thieves. Poor people, without boatmen or  other servants to take charge, usually leave their boats at some humble  mooring-place. A ticket hanging from the sloping roof of such a house says, "Djaut  reua ti ni" ("Boats can moor here"). Mooala jammed in as * Forest of the  "Fever-King," the malarious jungle through which the railway to Korat has pierced. Flannelette. If purchasers of this useful material for Underwear all the year  round would buy the best English make, which can be obtained from all leading  Drapers, they would avoid the risks they undoubtedly run with the inferior  qualities of Flannelette. Horrockses' Flannelettes (made by the manufacturers of  the celebrated Longcloths, Twills, and Sheetings) are the best. "HORROCKSES"  stamped on selvedge every five yards. Awarded the Certificate of The Incorporated  Institute of Hygiene. many as possible daily round her little house, charging two atts (about a  farthing) each. The visitor, having tied up her boat, lay on the floor in the  little verandah, and helped herself to Mooala's tea and to her own betel-nut. She  took a little netted bag of red silk from the loop made by fastening her panung at  the waist, and extracted from this and held out a very small silver coin. "That's  for last week," speaking with her mouth full of tobacco and betel-nut. "You  haven't paid me for a month, Mè Saloong," objected Mooala. Mè Saloong lay on one  haunch, resting on one arm, the legs tucked away together on the other side. She  hitched up her bright-coloured scarf as she spoke. "I'm very poor, got nothing. Mè  Mooala rich." "Not rich, Mè Saloong." "Mè Mooala's husband is free, and gets money  for his work." "True. He is a good husband, too. But he's been up at Raheng for  two years with the English company, and perhaps he will never come back to me. How  do I know?" She drew up her knees as she sat on the floor, clasped them with her  hands, and rested her chin on them. "Bawm, too, has gone," she continued. "I don't  know where he is. And "-—leaning towards Mè Saloong and whispering—" Phra Teeam  came back from Bang-pa-in last Monday." "I know," said Mè Saloong, standing up and  wiping the lime-paste from her lips with her third finger. "He'll catch you now.  He told Nai Wen that if Bawm didn't soon come back he would take you. Good-bye,"  she said suddenly, and without further ceremony she departed, passing on foot over  plank bridges from house to house, and so to the road. Mooala stayed at home all  that day. She was busy, tying and untying boats, securing reluctant coppers,  pounding nuts for curry, bathing in the river with the children. Once, in the  glaring heat, she lay still for a few minutes. She tried to think a way out of the  difficulty, but she soon wearied, and dozed off. She slept until wakened by a  Chinaman clamouring to tie-up. She had meant to steal out on the river later in  the evening and try to hear news of Bawm. But when night came there was full moon  in a cloudless sky, and even she could tell who was passing in every boat. Her  safety lay in keeping at home, for it wasn't likely Phra Teeam would try to catch  her there. She lay awake for hours that night, a thing she could not remember  doing before in her whole life, not even when her first husband was dying, or when  her two babies were drowned in the river. She now fancied horrors in every sound.  But, once asleep, not even the winning number yells of the lottery crier awoke  her. "Mè Mooala, Mè Mooala !" was the first sound she heard. It was then broad  day, and a small, oily, dark man stepped out of a covered boat. This was Nai Wen,  of whom Mè Saloong had spoken yesterday. He held out a letter. Mooala confessed  she could not read, whereon, with loud throat-clearing, he informed her that Bawm,  servant of Phra Teeam, had gone away without leave and stayed three weeks. He had  now returned to the arsenal, however. That Phra Teeam was very angry, and would  not believe his story about looking for his wife in the "Dong Phya Yen," and that  dreadful would be Bawm's punishment if she, his mother, did not come at once and  swear to the truth of January 25, 1912 THE FREEWOMAN 199 Bawm's excuse. The letter was signed Luang Tum  Di, for Phra Teeam. Bidding the small boy take care of the rice-pot, and  commending the boats to his elder sister, Mooala lost not a moment. She leaped  into Nai Wen's boat. Masses of floating weed (sawa), drifting down with the ebbing  tide, impeded the boat in its push up and across the strong current of the great  river. Mooala crouched, silent, patient, in the boat, her dark eyes fixed on the  shining buildings of the Arsenal on the other side of the river, for which the  boatmen were slowly making. As they neared it, she eagerly scanned the loungers on  the landing. "Where is my son?" she asked loudly, leaping on shore. "Ask Phra  Teeam," said one, scoffingly, while others jeered. "You won't see your son again.  He won't come back to save an old woman like you." "Mè!" Mooala stopped dead in  her rapid trot. "Is my son not here?" Roars of derisive laughter came from the  crowd. A sudden horrid suspicion made Mooala turn. The boat was already far out on  the river, and flying down with the tide. She could see Nai Wen grinning broadly  at her as he lay back, fanning himself, under the canopy. "That letter was a  lie—to catch me!" she exclaimed. She ought to have guessed as much, she thought,  as, quiet and unresisting, she followed the four soldiers, who now closed round  her, brandishing an order from Phra Teeam to arrest her as hostage for her runaway  son. From a fellow-prisoner in the dirty cage where she spent that night, she  learnt that Mè Saloong had been sent as a spy to her, and that she and Nai Wen had  made up this plan to catch her quietly. They were each to get two ticals for their  work. "The Luang has a good heart, and he dislikes getting people in their own  homes or on the river. They scream there. Here, they know it is no use, and they  go quietly," added her informant. "Yes, poor Mooala was quite quiet. She crouched  low, sleeping fitfully, hot in that den, though it was the cold season. There was  nothing to be done, and no one to help her. Fortunately they didn't put irons on  her. They had allowed her to send a message to her children at the floating house,  explaining, and bidding them take care of the boats. But she hoped and expected  nothing. Nor did she resent her fate, any more than a dog, beaten unjustly, will  turn on his master. On the third day she was promoted on parole to A book for married women. By DR. ALLINSON. The information contained in this  book ought to be known by every married woman, and it will not harm the unmarried  to read. The book is conveniently divided into twelve chapters. The first chapter  treats of the changes of puberty, or when a girl becomes a woman. The second  chapter treats of marriage from a doctor's standpoint; points out the best ages  for marriage, and who should have children and who not, and furnishes useful  information that one can ordinarily get only from an intelligent doctor. The third  chapter treats of the marriage of blood relations; and condemns such marriages as  a rule. Chapter four treats of the signs of pregnancy. The fifth chapter tells how  a woman should live during the pregnant state. The sixth chapter treats of mishaps  and how to avoid them. The seventh chapter treats of material impression?, and  shows that birth marks are not due to longings on the part of the mother, but  rather to her poor health. The eighth chapter teaches how to have easy  confinements. Certain people believe that women should bring forth in pain and  trouble, but the hygienic physician says that confinements can be made  comparatively easy if certain rules are obeyed; these rules are given. The ninth  chapter treats of the proper management of confinements until the baby is born.  The tenth chapter tells how to treat the mother until the is up and about again.  The eleventh chapter treats of sterility; gives the main causes of it, how these  may be overcome and children result. The last chapter treats of the "change," a  most important article for all women over forty. The book is full of useful  information, and no book is written which goes so thoroughly into matters relating  to married women. Some may think too much is told; such can scarcely be the case,  for knowledge is power and the means of attaining happiness. The book can be had  in an envelope from Dr. T. R. Allinson, 381, Room, 4, Spanish Place, Manchester  Square, London, W., in return for a Postal Order for 1s. 2d. work in the soldiers' kitchen, "since she had been so quiet." It was comparative  comfort to walk about and do something after the confined inaction. No plan of  escape occurred to her, and she was trusted completely not to leave the big  kitchen. Two sides of it were quite open to the air, and she could boil the rice  outside under the tamarind trees. She was busily stirring it, crouching on the  ground near the large pot, when she heard a confused clamour among the soldiers at  the landing-stage. Above it sounded a strange voice, half sobbing, from the river  bank. She knew that voice! It was one of the farang (European) ladies from  Arunapah. Who could have told her! But the voice died away among rapid  oar-splashings, and two soldiers came to jeer at the scene to Mooala. "Mem was in  a rage! and crying! and saying she would write to the King and ask him if it was  Siamese justice to lock up an innocent woman. She tried to see you, and we told  her farangs were never allowed to see prisoners. Then she wanted to see the Phra  himself!! But he had shut himself into the sentry-house, and wouldn't see her.  He heard every word, though! And isn't he trumpeting about like an elephant now!  Wanting to know if he, the descendant of a supreme king, is to be taught by a  white-faced female farang. He will teach her not to meddle again!" That day,  Mooala was taken back to the dirty prison-house, and heavy irons were put on her  ankles. She uttered no complaint. Not even when they told her that Bawm was  deliberately staying up country with Brooey, having got her away from the  "lukchin." He had been heard to boast, "My mother can go to prison for me. I won't  go back to be punished." "Why should he?" said Mooala, quietly. "A mother must go  to prison for her son if he wishes it." B. A. S. Song of a Night. One night I lay disgusted, sick at heart, Beside a sodden woman  of the street, Who snored, forgetful of the dreadful mart, Her outraged body, and  her blistered feet. I could not sleep. I lay awake all night Questioning newly  that old puzzle, life: While law and custom bridled passion's might, What hope  for me? Why longer keep the strife? And then a thought came to me, and thus  spake: "No one who loves can love for love alone; All, all know passion for some  other sake: Yea, love is bought and sold by every one. "The wives their bodies  barter for a ring, For husbands' care, or children's joy and glee. The husbands  seek to rid them of the sting Of passion, or they seek paternity. "So all sell  love for some low earthly gift. What matter, then, what you have sold it for? If  you should strive from earth your soul to lift, Soon must you fall back to the  earth once more. "Your hope is an illusion, sad and vain; Alike in essence  diamond and clod. Pure love is not: all things on earth have stain, Your soul and  hers are as the same to God." J. G. Fletcher. 200 THE FREEWOMAN January 25, 1912 NEW YEAR NOVELS. SIX SHILLINGS EACH. THE  WOMAN WITHOUT SIN By PHARALL SMITH Original and full of force, this novel,  containing as it does those elements of bigness so rare in these days, is a  refreshing change to the ordinary run of fiction. With a pen which is as powerful  as it is restrained, the writer attacks convention and upholds his own ideas of  freedom between the sexes. In this book the author has handled a difficult subject  with the utmost of delicacy consistent with perfect frankness. While telling his  story fearlessly, he does so without sensationalism. With nobility of manner and  passionate sincerity he relates one of the sordid tragedies common to our great  cities, but the story is told with such reserve and such impartiality that the  zeal of the sociologist is never allowed to destroy the delicacy of the artist. DAUGHTERS OF ISHMAEL By REGINALD WRIGHT KAUFFMAN With a Preface by JOHN MASEFIELD THE REVOKE OF JEAN RAYMOND By MAY FORD An interesting story of the psychological  development of the modern woman. The problem of marriage is presented at a new  angle, and treated with the touch of modernity. A character more interesting it  would be difficult to find. Never before have Germans, from a social standpoint,  been written about with so much insight, or their manners and habits described  with such delicious naivete and minute skill. IN A GERMAN PENSION By KATHERINE  MANSFIELD "Mr. Stephen Swift seems to be identifying himself with most of the  coming men and women of brain and intellect," —The Tatler commenting on "The  Freewoman." LOVE IN MANITOBA By A. WHARTON GILL The writer has opened a fresh  field of fiction, and has presented a striking picture of life in the Swedish  settlements of Western Canada. The author is intimately acquainted with the life  of these colonists, and has studied his characters on the spot, while his local  colour is in every way admirable. This is the second novel by the octogenarian  author. The vitality of the work is nothing less than wonderful, having regard to  the author's age. The BOSBURY PEOPLE By ARTHUR RANSOM "The motto adopted by  Stephen Swift and Co. is certainly being lived up to; their books really do  'compel,' and are obviously carefully chosen. Their list contains books which many  publishers would not have had the courage to publish—unconventional, daring,  outspoken and fearless. They are among books what the Little Theatre plays are  among the dead husks produced at popular theatres."—Academy. Send a Postcard for  "BOOKS THAT COMPEL," post free from STEPHEN SWIFT and co., ltd., 10, John Street,  Adelphi, London, W.C. Printed by Hazell, Watson and Viney, Ld., 4-8, Kirby Street,  Hatton Garden, London, E.C.; and Published weekly for the Proprietors at the  Office, 10, John Street, Adelphi, London, W.C.