The Freewoman , made Freewoman A WEEKLY FEMINIST REVIEW No. 21. Vol. I. THURSDAY, APRIL 11, 1912 Threepence Registered at g.p.o. as a Newspaper. Editor: DORA MARSDEN, B.A CONTENTS The New Prostitution. By C. H. Norman 401 Topics of the Week : Women and Labour 402 Two Plays by Tchekhof. By Rebecca West. 405 The Woman Offender: La Nostalgie de la Boue. By Donald Campbell 406 The Present State of the Suffrage Question. Male Reflections. By Francis Bickley 409 Abolition of Domestic Drudgery by Co-operative Housekeeping. By Alice Melvin 410 A New Name for a New Virtue By Horace Holley 412 Mine and Thine. By B. A. S. 412 Discussion Circles 415 The Final Scheme of Things and Miss Violet Markham. By Coralie M. Boord 416 London Orphan Asylum, Watford. An Appeal 416 Correspondence : Mr. Upton Sinclair's Reply to Critics 417 The Blackleg of Labour 417 A Reply to Mr. Lansbury 417 Endowment of Motherhood 418 Social Reform and Limitation of Population 418 Questions for Dr. Drysdale 419 A Y.W.C.A. Home 419 THE NEW PROSTITUTION. THE progress of a State can be tested by the variety, the novelty, and the virility of its ideals. The decay of a community may be seen in the nature, the prevalence, and the foulness of its vices. Nobility of spirit and fineness of conduct are unpopular qualities in present-day civilised society, because those who possess them are un-wittingly always shaming their lesser fellows. There is no more awful spectacle to men who have sold their honour than the man who has remained un-sullied. The virgin and the prostitute, be they male or female, represent two different orders in the world. The woman who sells her body, whether it be for a wealthy marriage, or for a sovereign to the passer-by, is a prostitute. The woman who gives herself for love is always a virgin. This article is not concerned with women prosti-tutes, but with the more terrible figure of the male prostitute. The true peril to the future of England was the rapid growth and serious consequences of this new prostitution. The ordinary name for the men who are following this loathsome calling is "journalist." That word has lost its honourable meaning. The journalist of last century has become the male prostitute of this century. This new branch of the ancient profession of prostitution must be cut clean from the English oak, ere the whole trunk is decayed by the spread of its pollution. Journalists of the dead century- Frederick Greenwood, John Delane, D. C. Lath-bury, Byrom Curtis, Hutton, Joseph Cowen, Laurence Oliphant, and many others—had a genuine comprehension of their duty to the public. They wrote what they thought, not what they were paid to think by a capitalist who could not think for himself. The present-day journalist sells his mind and his thoughts, which he is ready to change as the bidding goes up. He is like the pretty courtesan, who, being ogled by the jeunesse dorée who haunt the Empire, is trying to calculate who will pay the biggest fee for the hire of her body. The journalists of the past generation were, in the old sense—not the Act of Parliament definition which has made lawyers gentlemen by statute-— gentlemen. There are plenty of men in Fleet Street to-day, but there are few gentle-men. The failing of the past generation of journalists was their standard of personal integrity; it proved their ruin in the capitalisation of the Press. One can easily imagine their attitude towards their up-to-date brethren. A Kenealy would never have been admitted into their society. They would have shuddered at the sight of the successors on the Standard of Byrom Curtis. Davison Dalziel, Pear-son, Blumenfeld, and their gang would have been approached with that slight distaste which delicate-minded persons exhibit when they come unexpectedly upon a heap of manure. A Garvin would have been avoided as one flees from sewer-gas. Old Moses Levi, now Lord Burnham, and the Right Honourable Harry Lawson would have been regarded with the same contempt that the aristocrats of to-day look upon the " per cent." bounders who carry on usury under the names of Curzon, Douglas, Montagu, etc., etc. A Bentley, who might have been recognised on one side of Fleet Street, would have been disdained on his crossing to the other. The Harmsworth litter, from Northcliffe to the youngest cub, would have been subjected to personal insult. The hypocrisy of a George Cadbury would have sickened them. In other words, rather than accept the money of such men as the present-day newspaper proprietors, they would have died of starvation. They had a tradi-tion, and they adhered to it. Modern journalists have neither tradition nor decency. Like the drunkard, they vomit in public and then roll in their own vomit.  402 THE FREEWOMAN April 11, 1912 The modern journalist has been in this article compared to the prostitute. The prostitute is, in reality, on a higher plane. The prostitute runs the risk of those bodily diseases which accompany her own trade. True, she may communicate them to her clients; but that is their look out. The journa-list takes no such risk. He sells his lies and pockets his pay. He may incite the rich against the poor; but the syphilis of his mind is corrupting others, while he is comparatively free from its influence. His own falsehoods are known to his conscience. He may damn the reputations of others in the eyes of the world; but his anonymity is his protection from the tar and feathers. The prostitute trades in her body. The journa-list bargains for the price of his soul. Would a journalist foul a man who is working for the people? There are thousands who would do it for a couple of guineas. There are but a dozen who would refuse the dirty work. During the coal strike one has seen the claque of the mine-owners and capi-talists at work. The miners have been described as "thugs," as "blackmailers," as "work-shies," as "cheats who desire to get a full day's pay without doing a proper day's work." The men who wrote these things knew them to be false. The men who ordered them to be written knew they were organising a lying campaign. The drunkards in the Press Club waxed very wrath in their cups at the "selfish strike." Their efforts have not availed them; they have only placed themselves in peril. A vast body of the public is untouched by the mental syphilis circulated by the new prostitution. But the evil is hurtful to the social polity. Many persons are not yet enlightened to the extent of the foulness of modern journalism. Libertinism and lubricity of the Press have replaced the liberty of the Press. Yet this decade will mark the collapse of this evil power. The miners struck a fatal blow at the new prostitution in their manifesto on the Press. The Iagos of the Press were surprised in their assassin work. The miners are winning many things besides a minimum wage. That is why England is watching the struggle with a quiet confidence. The Minimum Wage Act is as severe a reverse for the capitalist and shareholding class as the Reform Bill was for the landed class. So these tools of the capitalist newspaper owners had better take heed. They will receive short shrift from the new influ-ences in the social organism. Their employers may soon discard them as useless. The middle classes are ceasing to trust newspapers which cannot warn them of gigantic social upheavals. The Press will be neglected, and the journalist will be on the streets, where he cannot compete with his feminine rival. Those who hold firmly to their faith in the destiny of their country are strengthened in their confidence by the rapid decline of the influence of the Press. A society must be very healthy which will so soon spew out this poison. Many things are crashing to the ground in these times of turmoil; and it does not require a very keen ear to detect the rumblings of the foundations of Carmelite House, Fleet Street, and Bouverie Street. A general strike, in which the daily papers could not be published, would bring the whole edifice toppling round the ears of the Harmsworth-Levi-Cadbury-Pearson gang That is a comforting reflection, because the day of such a strike is approaching rapidly. When it is come, and gone, there will be a good many unemployed journalists, and a purified England, as a result. Let the scribes beware ! C. H. Norman. TOPICS OF THE WEEK. Women and Labour. THE action of the Parliamentary Labour party during the strike should reopen the discus-sion regarding the relation of the member of Par-liament to his constituents, and the appointment of an independent commission to inquire into the Causes of Failure in the Representation of the Working Classes would make an invaluable pre-liminary to such a discussion. The question has never been thrashed out, though wiseacres have given their judgments in advance. Is the member of Parliament a Representative or is he a Dele-gate? That is a problem for democracy here and now. It is not a theoretic argument to be argued with an eye on the year 2500, but a practical ques-tion germane to this period of change, 1912 to 1950, let us say. It is commonly argued that to lower the status of a member of Parliament from that of a representative to that of a delegate would be to destroy the prestige and authority which appertain to the representative system. But we are not concerned with the preservation of the representative system. We are concerned to find a solution of the intrinsic difficulties of democracy itself—difficulties which cluster round the central difficulty of finding the means whereby the general will of the nation shall find expression. To this end the representative system has been used as a means, and it has most deplorably failed; and in proportion as greater numbers have been added to the electorate, the greater has been the failure, and the more careless to hide it have those in charge of the machine become. Mr. Asquith, Mr. Lloyd George, Mr. Churchill, and Mr. Redmond dare do as much openly to flout the will of the people to-day as in the seventeenth century cost a Strafford and Charles the First their heads, and James the Second his throne. The fiction of popular consent under which the so-called representative system masquerades in itself gives the excuse for and ultimate protection to this impudent bearing towards the public. Carrots for the donkey at election times are sufficient to induce the stupid animal to cast votes (precious instrument!) to justify further predatory incursions upon its rights. An English General Election is an elaborated piece of State roguery; a candidate at an election must be intellectually a charlatan; the psychology of his election address is a replica of that of the slim-fingered gentleman who indicates the beauty of the view while detaching one's watch. The entire business is farcical and fraudulent. We are not here saying that a representative system is an unrealisable dream. What we say is that at present it is a Utopian dream. It may be realisable when either or both of two conditions are realised: (1) when we have an educated and leisured populace; (2) when we can produce a thousand public-spirited men of wide conceptions, rising head and shoulders above their fellows, as Plato rose above his; who would be prepared to spend their energies not in the development of their own thought in the quietness of a study, but in the fretful service of persons of inferior capacity (a consideration of no mean importance, be it noted). At the present time neither of these conditions is realised. We are far enough away from the first, while our remoteness from the second is great  April 11, 1912 THE FREEWOMAN 403 enough to place its realisation in the realm of the fantastic. What we are attempting to do, however, at the present time is to endow a body of men who, on the whole, are of rather less than average intelligence with the powers to act as if possessed of the attributes of these ideal social guardians. A Mr. Stephen Walsh, for instance (we take him as a type, and not because he is better or worse than his fellows), whose business it is to represent the miners—to get his teeth into their demands and hold on to them till his teeth are dragged out, if need be—an honest, simple man, at a time of acute crisis for his clients, forgets them and the reason for his political existence to break out into pitiful inanities on the duties of citizenship. Something, undoubtedly, had addled this man's brains. It is not inherent naughtiness. We believe too much was laid upon him. He imagined he was expected to act as a statesman (forsooth!). The current belief that he was a representative rather than a delegate served to befog his simple intelligence. It did not occur to him that, had his constituents required a theoriser on social polity, they would have selected someone better fitted for the task. The sure, if clumsy, instinct of the electors was at work when they chose this working-man " representative " rather than the smart lawyer who was his rival at the last election. They vaguely expected he would act as a delegate; but because he, as others, was not so informed in plain terms he falls a victim to the dominating jargon of the " representative " theory, and betrays his constituents in the interests of the nation, as he thinks ! It is mainly on the consideration of the lowering of a " representative " status to that of mere delegation which is behind much of the opposition to the Referendum. To our mind, this is a further advantage of the system of the Referendum. What is the advantage of thrusting a " status " upon a body of men above that which their natural strength is able to maintain? Not an advantage, surely, but a national peril. Members of Parliament are like so many dry-rotted beams painted to look like iron. They fail the public in every reckoning. They will have revolution upon us before we get much further. And it is not their fault, poor souls. The community is to blame. It expects to make silk purses from sows' ears. It hopefully looks for the quart from the pint measure. It expects individuals, with hardly the brains and character to make a respectable delegate, to act as representative men—as statesmen. For half a century and more, this artificial inflation of value of Parliament, its members, and its actions, has been going on. It is a mild thing to say that it has resulted in an utter and national disappointment; and it is no exaggeration to say that it will continue to go on only at the risk of national disaster. If the nation is relying on these little tin statesman to deal with its most serious problems, it is going to neglect to deal with them itself. Let us take this strike as an instance. Had not the nation been relying on Parliament "doing something," it could have done something itself. In place of the impudently meaningless Minimum Wage Bill, which has taken up Parliamentary time for so long, an Act to inaugurate some form of Referendum, with full powers of initiation secured to the people, might, with incalculable results for good, have been put through. Had this been done, we should now be within sight of the State-appropriation of the mines, the railways, and steamships. The mass of the people are ahead of the " leaders " (those embodied conceptions of blight!), because they have no axe to grind. At present the " leaders " are holding the pass against the people. The problem for the people just now is how to get round, to elude, or force these same "leaders," whose interests are now all against them. Now that every politician—Labour men and all—steps into a good berth upon entering Parliament, the Parliamentary system becomes then vested interest. To preserve the system, to magnify its importance, to minimise the importance and efficacy of other systems, is all of a piece with the preservation of their bread and butter. Of necessity, they become suspect. It is the workers' business to see they are kept tied up at the end of a not very long string—delegates and not representatives, in short. If it be contended that no man of quality would submit to such tethering, it can be counter-contended that no man would, and that, as a matter of fact, hitherto men have not. Club debates at Westminster are not men's jobs, and men do not seek them. If, by chance, they wander in accidentally, or for the sake of experience, they get out, or rapidly lose caste. The powers of delegacy are as much as the usual member of Parliament can safely be entrusted to wield, and they are certainly as much as they have the capacity to wield. Now let us see what has happened in relation to the Conciliation Bill. The delegates at Westminster, being, by nature, incapable of statesmanship, are totally without bearings on the subject of women's enfranchisement. The men, their masters, having no very strong views on the subject, the delegates being given to understand they can go as they please in the matter, as they do. Hence they have been peculiarly open to conversion, perversion, reconversion, and so on, on the subject. By means of cajolery and flattery and " pressure," women have at one time secured a bigger majority in favour of their Bill than obtained in relation to any other Parliamentary measure. As whim and fancy took them, the members lent their support. Everything pointed to a whimsical victory for the women. But for the W.S.P.U. it would have been a victory. That society, however, had its organisation to save. Hence—to the bottom of the deep blue sea with victory. So round we start again! If the W.S.P.U. get their way, we shan't have votes for women this ten years. It is not to their interest to get it. With their policy, with its extraneous thrills; their society—a jolly social club; and their organisation, which is simplicity itself, they can get along for another decade very comfortably. It is people with work to do who feel the pinch. The real cause for regret at the failure of the Conciliation Bill is to be found in this: that the granting of the small measure of suffrage would have done much to remove the childish obsession of grown women as to the value and potentialities of the vote. In the more clamant of the suffrage ranks, thought is at a complete standstill. Shoddy sentimentalism, phrase-mongering, repetition of the most trite, banal, outworn arguments take the place of fresh up-digging of thought-soil, which we can and ought to expect from a fresh young movement if it is real and not merely poseful, if it is a movement come to birth in the fulness of its own time, and not a mere epidemic of conceit and inflated platitude. We begin to suspect that there has been far more heat than light abroad among Suffragists. " We want the vote, and we want it now," is what we used to say in stump-orator days. And that is about the position. A splendid show of spirit, and a brilliant show of temper! In the cartoon of last week's Votes for Women (The bathos of those cartoons! This week's! !) there was a young woman—the W.S.P.U.— shaking rotten apples off a tree. The rotten fruit represented the members of Parliament  404 THE FREEWOMAN April 11, 1912 who ratted in the suffrage division—rotted in fact. The young woman is congratulating herself on getting rid of the bad fruit. But if we mistake not, all this rotted and rotting fruit was fixed up with great care by the same young lady during many years of truce. Pinned-on, was as much as most of that fruit was. It was never up to much, but at great outlay of energy it was gathered together, and by means of pressure, cajoling, wheedling, arguing, it was trimmed up and placed upon the suffrage tree. No one knew better than Miss W.S.P.U. under what pressure those pledged members had been secured, and she should have known it was dangerous even to blow her cheeks at that tree, much less shake it. In what we have said we have had in our mind the W.S.P.U. rather than the rest of the suffrage movement. We have done so purposely, for we believe that by some means the other suffrage societies will have to be pricked into awakeness to the necessity of making their influence felt, and in this way make the Conciliation Bill defeat the proverbial blessing in disguise. There is going on at the present time, unconsciously but surely, in the woman's movement a struggle for supremacy of type, and the finer qualities, the subtler valuations of worth and of being, are being pressed to the wall. Those women who stand for these have no business to let their qualities defeat themselves. How can we make clear what we mean? We mean this: In the interests of gentleness, one should fight like a lion; in the interests of love, one must know how to hate that which corrodes love; in the interests of decency, one must unveil indecency; in the interests of life and love and freedom, one must be prepared to destroy that which drains the blood of life and love and freedom. Hence, if the W.S.P.U. occupies the limelight from one point of view, the other suffrage societies must shine in it from another. The limelight is indispensable. The situation at present amounts to this: Suffragists want the vote; the W.S.P.U. would prefer the vote should be postponed for a few years. As it is easier to frustrate than to effect, the task of the W.S.P.U. is easier and more likely to be successful. Their method is simple. They set their demands high enough to ensure their not being conceded; they then proceed to block all compromising demands of other societies because they are not high enough. Obviously, there is sufficient warrant in such an attitude to prophesy that the suffrage game will be running ten years hence, as it quite probably will unless Mr. Lloyd George and Sir Edward Grey can manage to dish the W.S.P.U. by effecting the suffrage amendment. Supposing, however, the amendment fails, what are the suffrage societies to do? Play a game with the W.S.P.U.? We sincerely hope not. Let the suffrage societies hark back to their old position as pioneers in the woman movement. It is merely a matter of yesterday that they narrowed their outlook down to Parliamentary politics. Let them get back the breadth of view which enabled them to see that the " higher " education of women was the first part of the woman movement— was the woman movement in fact. Let them take the long way round and do what as yet has never been done—make it a living movement among women workers. Let them boldly face the situation and realise that they cannot have the matter every way. Suffrage, as a matter affected by a middle and upper class minority, might, with consummate tact, have been put through, but " tact " rendered unthinkable, and suffrage conceived as an issue of women against men, fought out in hostility, it can only be forced through by the weight of numbers, and numbers necessitate the sympathy of the " masses." Let the serious " Suffragists " tackle the second stage of women's emancipation with the indomitable energy with which they grappled with the first. Women require two fundamental things: education, money; the first is available whenever the second is. The women who made opportunities for the first can organise the labour which will make available the second. And with education and money, if there is anything worth while in women, it will find its way out. Let us have done with mere statement and counterstatement as to our "equality," our "intellectuality," and what not, and let us get to the fundamental conditions which will enable us to do work —which is the proof, and the only proof, of our powers. Instead of being pleased with the fact that there are 200,000 women trade unionists, let us regard it as a danger and menace that we have not 5,000,000. Let us shift our objective from the mere shadow of power to its reality. Let us grasp the truth that the power of a vote in the hands of ill-conditioned women to be used to coerce stupid and characterless members of Parliament is mean beyond comparison with the power of prosperous, convinced, and capable working women to shape their own destiny. We have had enough of shadows and shadows of shadows. Mr. Lansbury recently, in the pages of the freewoman, suggested that the women's forces joined those of Labour. Well and good, but join them where? At the base, perhaps, joining with the workers, creating and uniting with the forces of trades unionism; but could anyone ask a young movement to ally itself with so hopeless and hapless a body as the Labour Parliamentarians? We think not. The women's ranks have shown themselves far too liable to the same kind of diseases as the Parliamentary Labour Party: the detestable theory of " Leader "-ism; the childish belief in Parliamentary action; the vain imagining that the masses do not count; that they are to be led docilely up the Parliamentary stairs in fact. We have lessons to learn, and the Parliamentary Labour party is to us a warning rather than an ideal. We have other lessons to learn; one—that the Parliamentary vote has not a tithe the power of concerted industrial action; that the organisation of women workers is a matter which should have preceded, or have proceeded pari passu with the demand for the vote; that while our economic condition is infinitely more parlous than that of men, we are in an infinitely worse position to bargain for its betterment; that while the concerted strike for a national minimum wage for men is not only a possibility but a probability of the near future, the fact that only 4 per cent. (including the women trade unionists of Lancashire and Cheshire) of the 5,000,000 women workers are organised into unions shows how bitterly hard is the struggle on the part of women for a minimum wage going to be. We have in all conscience, therefore, something better to do than to enter upon a fool's game with an irresponsible Club Party, top-heavy with self-conceit, "intoxicated with the exuberance of its own verbosity." If we were Dictator of the suffrage societies (we would, by the way, rather hang from a gallows than be anything so criminal), we would turn every organiser and every local suffrage organisation into a centre and nucleus of Trade Union extension. This will not mean less suffrage propaganda, but more. The Conciliation Bill is dead. Let the women therefore be alive !  April 11, 1912 THE FREEWOMAN 405 Two Plays by Tchekhof. AT the performance of Tchekhof's " The Cherry Orchard " last spring I quarrelled violently with fourteen total strangers. Not until then did I sympathise with Cassandra. Here was a great work of art being unfurled in all its gloomy mystery behind the magic footlights, and only I to see it. The rest of the audience made sounds like the crackling of thorns under a pot, cursed all within reach roundly, and I went about for days after in an agony of shame, feeling like one who has helplessly watched the defilement of the altar of the high gods. So on Sunday night I went to the Adelphi Play Society's production of " The Seagull " at the Little Theatre, dreading some further laceration of my feelings. But I was spared. The play passed off quietly, chiefly because it is not such a good play. For the audience was largely composed of literary persons, who had ample grounds for sympathy with people who write bad plays. Moreover, the Little Theatre is the right size for the performance of a realistic drama, where every line either builds up the plot or strengthens the atmosphere. The Stage Society gave " The Cherry Orchard " in a dreadful place called the Aldwych, where the actors, on a remote stage, threw the pebbles of Tchekhof's lines into the vast pond of the arena, while the audience hardly heard the splash, and only were conscious of the ripples. What an enemy to progress is the architect! How is one to value the problem of improving the conditions of domestic service when there are whole towns— like Brighton—in which there is hardly a house with—but there! And in all London there are only three theatres which are suited to the delicate presentation of realistic plays—the Little, the Court, and the Kingsway. Acting in the Duke of York's, for instance, is like acting into a long black tunnel. Can one wonder that it is the home of the melodrama of Somerset Maugham and Pinero, the hysterics of which penetrate the tunnel as easily as the steam of the engine does on the railway? Tchekhof played well in the Little Theatre. Though the acting was, on the whole, rather bad, one was close enough to see what the actors meant. " The Seagull," I learn from Mr. Calderon's preface to his translation of these two plays, evidently symbolises the universal frustration of desire. I need hardly say it does nothing of the sort. Tchekhof is a depressing writer, and sometimes a cynical writer, but he is never a liar. And it is perfectly obvious that desire is not universally frustrated. What it really shows is the havoc men and women make of life if they refuse to love life for its own sake, but covet the trimmings thereof. There comes down to the country house by the lake, Arcâdina, the famous actress, one of those women who compel success by the force of greed rather than by service to art by sacrifice, and her lover, Trigorin, the successful novelist, who regards the art rather as a matter of personal achievement than as the due he must pay to life, and who is so insensible to the sacredness of emotion that when a young girl offers him her love he says, as one would of a medicine, " Perhaps this is the very thing I need." At the country house they find Arcadina's son, Tréplef, a weak-willed decadent, who wants fame, * "Two Plays by Tchekhof." Translated by George Calderon. 3s. 6d. (Grant Richards.) so that he need no longer be overshadowed by his mother, who wants to establish new standards, not because of any new vision, but simply out of fastidious revolt against the old. And there is his sweetheart, Nina, a charming, ambitious child, who longs to be an actress for the sake of the limelight and the tinsel glory. She is "the seagull." For when Trigorin sees a seagull shot on the lake he writes in his note-book: " A subject for a short story. A girl lives from her childhood on the shores of a lake. She loves the lake like a seagull, and is happy and free like a seagull. But a man comes along by chance and sees her, and ruins her, like this seagull, just to amuse himself." That is what happens. Two years elapse between the third act, in which Trigorin takes Nina away to Moscow, and the last. Arcâdina and Trigorin have come once more to the house by the lake: they are still happy and prosperous, absorbed in their sterile activities. Young Tréplef has written and published many stories— ploughing the sands, because he has no faith. As he sulks over his worthless manuscripts, while the others are holding a jolly supper-party, Nina runs in through the wind and snow, the shattered seagull. She has had a child, who had died; Trigorin deserted her. On the stage she has been crushed by disappointments. She tried to play big parts; she failed; she tours about the meaner towns. She is almost mad with distress, but now she knows the truth. ... "I see at last, Constantine, that in our sort of work, whether we are actors or writers, the chief thing is not fame or glory, not what I dreamed of, but the gift of patience. One must bear one's cross and have faith." But she has learnt the truth too late. The end one may guess—death in the miserable ward of some provincial hospital, or madness in some lonely cell. She slew herself in her thirst for glory; even her lover she chose for his NECK-WEAR NOVELTIES. Collarette as sketch, in rich Taffeta Silks, all col ours, bordered with Black, Natural, and toupe Marabout Feather. 10/6 Debenham and Freebody Wigmore Street London w Famous for over a Century for Taste for Quality for Value 406 THE FREEWOMAN April 11, 1912 fame. Tchekhof paints young Russia as aspiring with one eye on the box-office. This is a proof of Mr. Calderon's appalling error in saying that Tchekhof does not copy life but explains it. Obviously, this passion for inessentials must have some basic cause. The present British thirst for money—a thirst quite as infantile as Nina's desire for limelight—is, of course, attributable to the present capitalist muddle, which gives money a fictitious value by withholding it. Nations do not suffer from these sicknesses for nothing. But Tchekhof cannot be bothered with explanations. He throws us his masterpiece, crying: " Look at this! It's life! Isn't it dirty and stupid and useless and utterly damnable and completely glorious? " " The Cherry Orchard " is an infinitely greater play. It is a picture of all Russia. The orchard itself is a symbol of the golden age of Russia, the loveliness created by a wise aristocracy in the good old times. Now it has no owner to protect its beauty. Mme. Râniosky, a dainty trifle who trails over Europe in the wake of a faithless lover, and her brother Gâyef, whose chief interest in life is billiards, sentimentalise over it and sell it to the merchant, Lopâkhin, who has brutalised his soul by menial toil, and has no use for the cherry orchard. He levels its beauty to the ground and builds cheap little villas. And this, thinks Tchekhof, is the tragedy of Russia. Life has slipped from the hands of the people who once made it lovely, for they have lost their grip on reality. The lower orders are taking it from them, and that is a bad thing, for they have been kept at dirty work for so long that they make everything they touch dirty work. And there is no hope in any of the other types Tchekhof shows us. There is no wisdom in age: age groans sadly of a time when it was a serf and without the burden of liberty. There is no wisdom in youth: youth drugs itself with words and dreams. And there is a crowd of flunkeys, weak things sucking the blood from the carcase of aristocracy before its day and theirs goes by. The desolation of it! In this country we are without religion—a people without a master. But in Russia it is the country that is without a master, for the people have arrogated God's privilege to abdicate. After " The Cherry Orchard " one is filled with the exaltation that always follows the endurance of a tragedy. It brings home to one the sense of one's appalling isolation from every other soul on earth, the indefensible rashness of one's action in being born, and a proud consciousness of the splendid and devastating adventures waiting for one in the uncharted sea of life. That is why the audience jeered and tittered: because it feared this knowledge. I hope that if Mr. Grant Richards reprints this volume he will omit Mr. Calderon's preface and notes. Mr. Calderon is apparently a gentleman of over ninety—unless he is a lady, for sometimes he drops into the profundities of the women novelists of the early nineties—with the most ingenuous views. He solemnly defends Tchekhof's use of uninspired soliloquies—as obvious and painful a result of the influence of French dramatic mechanics as Ibsen's "Pillars of Society"—and soberly argues that we should not sympathise with the autocrats in " The Cherry Orchard." Sometimes his antiquity is quite amusing.. .. "If we examine the causes of suffering in London or St. Petersburg at any given moment we shall find that almost all is caused without evil intention. That it is the result of conditions over which no single person has any control. ... I am afraid that this new doctrine of irresponsibility looks rather like one of those paradoxes which the writers of this generation ... are driven to utter in order to get themselves any reputation of originality." It is strange that Tchekhof should be translated by Rip van Winkle. Rebecca West. The Woman Offender: LA NOSTALGIE DE LA BOUE. COMPARATIVELY few writers have dealt with the subject of the woman offender with any degree of personal knowledge. Learned prelates and moralists, philanthropic millionaires and ethical employers preach loudly against the "immoral" and the "dangerous" female, but these givers of good advice make very little effort to remedy the state of affairs which drives women to theft, or impurity. Even those who profess expert knowledge must not obtain it first-hand, for then respectable folk would not buy their books or otherwise subscribe to their maintenance. The woman offender may be divided into three classes: (1) The thief, (2) the thief-prostitute, (3) the prostitute. There is a large class of "respectable" neurotic people, but as these do not actually earn their living by illicit means, they are not classified in the above. The woman thief is sometimes a criminal from neurosis, but usually from heredity. The English "gun-moll," or "schikstor," descends, in most cases, from a family of thieves, where robbery is looked upon as a perfectly natural method of earning a living. The most celebrated woman thief in modern police records is S——e L----s, who now lives, on a comfortable income, in a quiet Michigan village. She is of English descent, and on one occasion when she returned to New York after a very successful season in London, she told a little band of newspaper reporters that her father was a cracksman to whom Scotland Yard doffed its cap. She was turned out by her parents on the streets of New York to steal, and gradually ascended the ladder of successful crime. She married a prince of bank burglars, who, curiously enough, insisted on her leading an honest life, but the call of the underworld was too strong for her, and she toured Europe as Mme. de Varney, a rich widow. She was a singularly handsome and talented woman, educated herself in modern languages, music, and literature. But she was typical of her class. She could not resist the call of the underworld, la nostalgie de la boue. Few women who have dabbled in the crime-world can ever draw away from its associations. This fact has caused many criminologists to say that the woman criminal cannot be reformed, which is nonsense—a rather abrupt, almost impudent remark to apply to the opinions of learned professors, but what these gentlemen never seem to take into consideration is the fact that present laws do not seek to reform the woman offender. On the contrary. More especially is this true in morality cases. Lombroso, in his book, the "Female Offender," made a number of observations which were and are true in the generality of cases, but he merely observed certain physical attributes and stigmata, and wrote about effect, but not about cause.  April 11, 1912 THE FREEWOMAN 407 Another book, less celebrated and much worse written than Lombroso's, gives the sociologist more to think. This is " Les Femmes Criminelles," by G. Macé, the famous French detective. His observations are mostly of a narrative nature, but one chapter on the St. Lazare prison in Paris and the fearful physical effects of underworld life on young women is intensely true. Several Americans have done fine observation work, but also give rather the effect than the cause. Mme. Tarnowsky, the Russian, is perhaps the only woman who has written with any degree of scientific authority about the criminals of her own sex. To an unbiassed visitor from another planet, it would seem that the authorities are secretly pleased at the illnesses which kill off so many women offenders, because, then, these women do not grow to be old and to be constant reminders to the public of a lack of charity. If Mary Magdalene appeared in London to-day, she would be hauled up at Bow Street, unless she paved her nightly way with silver coins to be distributed to alguazils, who preserve order in the West End. If she applied for a situation, she would be told that, whatever her virtues were, she had been on the streets, and, of course, was impossible. The woman thief lives much the same life as her male colleague. As a rule, she would disdain to prostitute herself. She is more dangerous than the male. This latter fact has been reported by most of the police experts who write concerning women offenders. The women develop certain masculine qualities, and are more thorough and pitiless than men. Most " confidence " women or expert female thieves support some male companion, over whom they love to tyrannise, and who is usually younger. This type obtains quite as much in England and America as it does on the Continent. The thief-prostitute is of a different type. She is usually managed by some male rogue, who advises her how to move, but she is generally a very petty thief, limiting her stealing to the immediate possessions of her victim. Under this heading, however, comes a certain type of blackmailer, usually of more education and intelligence than the " moll " who robs drunken strangers. Then, third of the types, comes the prostitute, who is not really a type, but represents that sorrowful minority of weak or unfortunate womanhood. The most remarkable thing about the majority of these girls is their honesty. The night women of London have as many grades as ordinary society. This is quite natural. Thus, there is (1) the well-educated woman, who only receives " friends," and is remarkably discreet ; (2) the broken-down girl, often from a shop or a bar, who haunts ugly streets in Islington or Highgate ; (3) the Leicester Square-cum-Piccadilly Circus walker; (4) the taxicab-evening clothes variety, who frequent certain music-halls and restaurants; (5) the " afternoon " girl, who hovers about libraries, art galleries, and tea-shops; (6) the East End Jewess, who is launched by a syndicate, and sometimes attains to the heights of the half-world, though she commence her traffic in Poplar. These are but a few varieties. Mrs. Bramwell Booth is of the opinion that the number of immoral women in the West End of London who have been barmaids is one-quarter of the total Army of Sorrow. Many doctors ascribe intemperance as the reason for girls descending to the underworld, but chronic inebriety, in a large percentage of cases, is the result of an immoral and disorganised life, not the cause of it. Indulgence in drink may have bad effects on a woman's morals, yet it does not necessarily turn her into a moral unfortunate. Miss Jane Adams, the well-known American sociologist, in a recent address, made some very pertinent remarks about the young woman offender. "They have no idea that they have committed crimes or misdemeanors. They see that they have run against the social order of things, but deep down in their hearts they feel that they are really not so much to blame. Their natural safeguards of modesty and reserve have been broken down from early girlhood, and, falling, they find themselves against this hard, almost malign, social order. The more one knows about these girls the more one finds that it is not possible to make generalisations—each one must be treated individually. " In the big cities there are armies of girls with no supervision, and when it comes to a question of amusement there is plenty of time between work and home that they can take off with no one being the wiser. It gives chances for all sorts of adventures, and they mostly are taken in the spirit of adventure, and the girls are exploited by people who have a keen appreciation of this. " The judges in our juvenile court in Chicago are amazed at the sweet tempers and good nature of the little girls who are brought in on very serious charges. Judge Mack said that this was a constant surprise to him, and there should be women who can look out for these little girls. They are little girls who are called upon to decide questions of life long before they are old enough. Little girls are not able to look out for themselves, and they never were. " The great mass of men have always led decent, straight lives, and they want their wives and daughters to do the same, and there should be some sort of social restraint that this habit of chastity should not be broken down, as it is now in this wholesale fashion. There is no doubt that humanity would: take in hand this woman who has been so long outside the pale of it could be realised that these are only girls, and not very wise girls, who have been demanded in industrial life, and who are without restraint." But Miss Adams here deals with the class known in London slang as " privateers," little shopgirls and milliners who seek to increase their miserable income by what seems to them the easiest way. There are a considerable number of women who go " wrong " not through necessity, but through neurosis. They have a desire for excitement, unhealthy, shadowy excitement. The following case, extracted from the columns of a London newspaper, is typical of the " offender by neurosis." "Very pathetic is the life story of a once handsome young woman of gentle birth and considerable artistic attainments, who two years ago lived in Cardiff's underworld, where her companions were frequently degraded half-castes. Often she slept beneath a scrap of grimy sacking, or under the shadows of a doorway, or amid the ghostly ruins of deserted rookeries. She might have been seen at all hours of the night walking about the streets. Lame, tired, bedraggled, this young woman was a victim of the drink evil, and in spite of the efforts made to reclaim her by friends, relatives, and the Salvation Army, and the fact that she was entitled to a share in a handsome fortune if only she reformed, she found her wayward nature quite uncontrollable. When first she got into the shadow of Cardiff's dark side she bore the unmistakable stamp of good breeding and gentility, and gave evidence of considerable educational accomplishments. She was a linguist, and would often converse with the foreign habitués of Bute Town in their own languages. She was an accomplished musician, and her ' friends ' in Cardiff's underworld sometimes talk even now of the ' delightful ' musical evenings which she provided them. When as much of this woman's life story as was judicious was made known she was serving a short term of imprisonment in Cardiff Gaol. Special efforts were again made on behalf of her relatives to secure her reclamation." Now, the end of this was that they finally managed to do so. For two years she led a quiet, respectable life in the South of England. Two days before she was to return to her family she disappeared, and was finally located in a southern seaport. She had succumbed to the nostalgie de la  408 THE FREEWOMAN April 11, 1912 boue. This woman did not sell herself for money. She was the victim of a disease which will demand as much attention soon as consumption or cancer or specific complaints, namely, a desire for adventure, a revolt against self-control, a throwing to the winds of all rules of conduct. Nymphomania, hysteria, neurasthenia, each specialist will call it by a different name, though it is probably caused by the same reason that made women of the Middle Ages be " possessed of the devil." A curious fact in demonology is that the evidence of different women concerning their dealings with the devil is invariably similar in nature. Dr. Moreau, a French scientist, says that women of this type are victims of " La folie névropathique qui dispose à la criminalité." He remarks about them that they have great moral sensitiveness, are impressionable, ardent, passionate, consumed with irresistible desires which annihilate all willpower, have morbid and melancholy ideas, yet good general health. Surely women like this should be treated in special homes. It is cruelty of the most stupid kind to bring them in courts of public justice and send them to prison. The terrible irony of the whole question of prostitution is well expressed by Bebel, the great German Socialist:— "This protection of man against woman by the State turns the true nature of the relationship upside down. It would appear as though men were the weaker sex, and women the stronger, as though women were the seducers, and poor, helpless men the seduced. "The myth of Adam being beguiled by Eve in Paradise still holds its own in our ideas and laws.. . . "Strange that men are not ashamed to play the part of such miserable weaklings." Our Governments dare not approach the woman offender problem. Their attitude to the woman who appears in the dock always seems to be, "Oh, you indiscreet person! You must not bother us officially, you know. We do not wish to know of you officially. Keep in the back streets and you may live long and die happy." And yet, out of the 100,000 street women of London, at least 50 per cent. are young and to be reclaimed. Let alone the questions of public morality and purity (concerning which most people write with their tongue in their cheek), it is essential that the woman offender problem be dealt with promptly. The woman thief breeds prostitutes. She uses women of less intelligence for her own ends. If she keeps a "disorderly house," as she frequently does when she retires from the game, she is fined £20 for dealing in human souls and bodies. The underworld is no collection of sporadic offenders, but a very cleverly organised system, and your good thief soon finds out that the selling of human bodies and souls is more remunerative than ordinary stealing. Yet " honour among thieves " is a virtue most remarkable by its absence. There is a species of Freemasonry, of self-interest, but even this is not very binding. To deal with these problems, however, would take men and women of the finest character and the greatest sympathy. There are some of them at work now, but they have an impossible task. They are hampered by lack of official aid and proper capital and housing room. No private enterprise can hope to cope with the problem. The nation should demand new laws from the House which talks in Westminster. It will come about, this consideration for the fallen, probably before the proper education of children in those matters which, although of the highest importance, are still considered to be improper and unteachable, and so naturally attract the child of quick intelligence who learns them from forbidden and fallacious sources. It would give many people who are indifferent or scoffing concerning the night women a surprise to know how these women live. Your bejewelled, gorgeous, flaunting queens of champagne and cold cream are just as rare as queens in ordinary life. The " kept " woman has, economically speaking, a better chance, but at least four-fifths of the unfortunate women in London live in a room which they use for living-room, dining-room, bedroom, and. .. place of entertainment, although, if they be seductive enough, they prevail on the " client " to take them to one of the unspeakable hotels in the neighbourhood of big railway stations. This is more especially the case when the woman has a rough "protector," who will make trouble for the client who may be more than capable of turning the tables on the aggressor. At first sight it is a most extraordinary thing how these girls, especially the poorer ones, who may earn at most £3 a week by the sale of their bodies, keep some insolent " nut " in luxury, submit to his beatings, allow him to pawn their clothes and jewellery. This is more especially the case with Continental women. Among the richer members of the underworld, for example, those who can afford flats in Bloomsbury or Maida Vale or Charing Cross Road the " protector " system is universal. If So-and-so, who is known to the underworld, arrives from a Continental racecourse without any money, he is informed of any vacancy that may be going, how much money the woman makes, her temper and peculiarities. Often, the woman suggests to some man who catches her fancy that he live with her, and she will pay him so much a day. Ten shillings a day and so much extra for clothes is a regular rate among the Alphonses and Leons of the West End. These girls are most kind to those in need. They know what it is to walk about in the rain at night. Undoubtedly this system is tolerated by the police, just as it is in Paris, for purposes of information. Then, again, if all this swarming together of professional sinners were prohibited, how the West End shops would suffer, especially those in the immediate vicinity of Piccadilly Circus. How certain places of entertainment would suffer, places where they have girls to rehearse for a month without salary, and then pay them £1 a week (sometimes it is only 15 s.). Then those big shops, who rather encourage their good-looking models and assistants by giving them latch-keys instead of a reasonable salary. Prostitution is a distinctly good business proposition for a good many perfectly respectable citizens. Apart from the tremendous social difficulties which cause even kind-hearted people to hesitate before they venture to help the unfortunate, there is the greatest difficulty of all in the unfortunate herself. The spirit is willing, but the flesh is weak. It may be in six weeks' time, in six months', in six years', but one day she will start to sigh for the "good" times, the night life, the drink and cigarettes, the banter of men folk, the familiar talk of other women " on the game," the night-lights the taxicabs, and the contented, collective purr of a satisfied West End well pleased with food, drink and fleshy tribute. This woman is only a minor edition of a more fortunate sister ("for the colonel's lady and Judy O'Grady") who wants fleshy plays alternated with American rag-time and Parisian chansonnettes who occasionally likes a dear sky and a bountiful sun but who usually prefers the white lights of night-  April 11, 1912 THE FREEWOMAN 409 time and the music of the Tziganes to that of the birds. It is among these that you find the intelligent, charming woman who has lost her interest in men, although naturally sensual. Here is the Trybade, the Lesbian. Perhaps the best poetic explanation of this passion is to be found in " Les Chansons de Bilitis," by Pierre Louys. Stern scientists have said: " Le Saphisme comporte bien moins de rêverie idéale que l'homosexualité masculin." This is Dr. Moreau's opinion, but it is representative. But the tremendous pity of it all, from a selfish point of view, has been adequately summed up by H. G. Wells in one sentence: " We have laid hands on the wonder and glory of bodily love and wasted them," and it is because of this that the underworld exists, for the thief is the natural friend of the prostitute. DONALD CAMPBELL. The Present State of the Suffrage Question. MALE REFLECTIONS. I. WE hear on all sides that the window-breakers have defeated their own ends, and that the granting of suffrage to women will be delayed by their action. It is the obvious thing to say. Certainly the militant Suffragists were never in worse odour than at present. Nobody can admire their conduct as conduct. But that they have hurt their cause is not so certain as it appears. Principles remain the same, whatever the behaviour of their adherents. Neither mankind in general, nor Governments in particular, act on principles. Expediency, prejudice, and party antagonism are their motives. It is quite in order, therefore, that the Cabinet should throw over the Conciliation Bill, and that the First Lord of the Admiralty should turn his coat. But man—using the word generically, not sexually—has in his composition, besides nobler qualities, both caution and selfishness. He likes to be hurt neither in his person nor his pocket. Having also courage and pugnacity, he resists those who try to hurt him. But when he finds them irresistible, he submits. The Suffragettes can only justify their policy by being irresistible. Their old game of heckling and disturbing garden-parties did not justify itself, though a little of it, by way of advertisement, had perhaps its uses. It was a half measure. It annoyed without doing material harm. It alienated sympathy without intimidating hostility. But now that bad manners have given way to violence, the women have some chance of wringing from fear what justice would not cede. There is precedent for this belief. Men have burned and have destroyed, and have got what they wanted. It is not magnificent, but it is war. II. The principle of the matter, though the politician is so little concerned with it, may receive some consideration from the mere writer. The other day a distinguished disciple of Nietzsche, and a most staunch advocate of the subjection of women, said to me that the official refusers of the vote had not a leg to stand on. He was perfectly right. The aristocratic point of view, whatever its merits, is a logical and consistent point of view. But it does not, at the present day, enter into practical politics. Mr. Asquith and his friends would, of course, be the first to repudiate it. We are a democracy, though a half-baked one. We must start from where we stand. My Nietzschean friend would probably say that our Government is feminine already. It is historically true that the finest male intellects of the world have never been equalled by any woman's. Nor is disparity of opportunity a sufficient explanation of this fact. It has probably a logical and physiological basis. Women's energies have other functions than men's. But democratic questions are not concerned with the finest intellects, but with intellects of every grade. Even if it could be proven that the sum of male intelligence was greater than the sum of female intelligence, it would not alter the fact that at the present moment an enormous number of male fools have a voice in their country's governance, while an enormous number of talented and able women have none. One of the strongest arguments in favour of women s franchise is the fatuous letters written to the papers on the subject by male electors. Opposition, on the score of sex, is, from the democratic standpoint, simply absurd. Coming from those who contemplate the introduction of an Adult Male Suffrage Bill, it is indecent. It has been urged, as a serious adverse argument, that to enfranchise women would be to enfranchise prostitutes. There is apparently no objection to the enfranchisement of the man prostitute, or of the more despicable loafer who lives on the street-walker's gains. To refute the pathetic evocation of the empty cradle and the broken home would be to wallow in platitude. That it should ever become usual for A L'Idéal Cie. New Models in Original and Exclusive TAILOR SUITS Coat Lintel Silk from 6 gns. Perfectly cut and fitted by MONS. ADOLPHE Tailleur de Paris Dainty Paris Blouses from 25/- 15 Sloane St., S.W. Victoria 2024 410 THE FREEWOMAN April 11, 1912 the best type of women to take an active and absorbing part in State affairs would be bad for the race. But an intelligent interest in the course of politics, and an occasional journey to the polling station, seem no greater bar to child-bearing and the cultivation of home life than to the prosecution of those non-political occupations by which the vast majority of voting males earn their bread. III. A charge sometimes brought against the militant Suffragettes is that they are hysterical. Probably, nay, undoubtedly, some of them are. Balance is the art of life, and concentration on one object is bound to destroy balance and to create abnormalities. Moreover, all violent movements attract to them many who are predisposed to intellectual lopsidedness. Here, again, is no question of sex. In the great movement of men it has been the same. (Whether men or women are the more prone to hysteria is a medical question on which I will not venture an opinion.) It is, however, the misfortune of woman that she betrays her weaknesses in her person sooner than man. Her clothes are far more symbolical. Unkempt hair is more conspicuous on her. Her hats are more difficult to balance. The botched and inefficient hangers-on of a woman's movement are, therefore, more in evidence than their masculine counterparts. In the great organised processions it was easy enough to separate the sheep from the goats, and the sheep (the simile is singularly inept) were there in plenty. A cause should be judged by its finest upholders, and it is only prejudice which can withhold respect from the organisers of the women's suffrage movement, whether militant or constitutional. There is no woman in England to-day more worthy of admiration than Miss Christabel Pankhurst. IV. But the fact remains that health and mental balance—that is, the seemliness of life—have been affected for many women by this long struggle. Such warfare warps life, turning means into ends and ends into means. Political action should be merely a means to an end, which is the pleasant circumstance and seemly conduct of life. But in the struggle for political liberty the conduct of life becomes the means, politics the end. The fighters sacrifice not life itself, but the beauty of life. This is the supreme sacrifice. To be warped is worse than to be slain. Possibly, when the vote is won, women will find it not so high a prize as they fancied. Men in the past have known such disappointments. The tangles of the law take long to straighten. But one priceless thing will have been gained. It will be possible for many brave women to return to a better ordering of their days; and it will probably be found, when women have a reasonable share in the decision of their own lot, that that lust for Parliamentary activity, to the detriment of their more private functions, which some have professed to fear, was the fruit of abnormal conditions, or never actually existed. The public gain, if smaller than some have hoped, will at least be positive; the actual private loss, nothing; the restoration of the sweetness of human relationships, of inestimable value. V. And since, in Parliament at any rate, the question will ultimately be decided on expediency and not on principle, here is the most potent expediency of all: that the beauty of life, which should be the end of all politics, must not be destroyed by politics. Francis Bickley. Abolition of Domestic Drudgery by Co-operative Housekeeping. II. IT is interesting to speculate on what would happen if all the married men in England were compelled, by force of circumstances, to follow one occupation, irrespective of either inclination or ability. Imagine, also, that they did not go from home in the morning, but that the scene of their rest and recreation was also the scene of their daily labours. It is not too much to assume that, if such were the case, these men would soon devise a means of doing their work which would leave them free for at least a part of their time to follow some more congenial occupation. Yet, this has been woman's case from time immemorial, and although civilisation is educating woman, broadening her outlook on life, and developing her talents, it has, up to the present, made no effective attempt to simplify and lighten her burden of domestic drudgery. Under present conditions, women have either to give up the idea of marriage in order to follow a chosen vocation, or, if they marry, they must abandon all hope of congenial work unless they happen to belong to that type to which household work is congenial; a type, by the way, which is not so common as one is led to believe. It has been conveniently assumed in the past that the woman who marries must, on that account, be devoted to housework, and, conversely, that the woman who shows some special talent and wishes to develop it must be a queer unfeminine creature, to whom wifehood and motherhood are alien and distasteful. It is probably because this theory fits in very excellently with man's scheme of life that it has endured so long and dies so hard; but it is a theory that will stand no logical test. There is no real reason why the marriage of two individuals should involve the confusion of the external machinery of their two lives. They should be able to have their cooking, sweeping, and cleaning done for them, and this, moreover, at a cost less than that of running a separate establishment. It is only by applying the principle of co-operation to the business of housekeeping that this can be done, and it is to co-operative housekeeping that women must look for relief from the perennial burden that the maintenance of a home now involves. It is to apply this principle of co-operation to the business of housekeeping and to make house-craft a profession for educated working women that the Society for the Promotion of Co-operative Housekeeping and House-Service has been formed. The society is at the present moment in touch with hundreds of would-be tenant-members and scores of educated women, waiting and training to take up house-craft as a profession in connection with co-operative housekeeping, which could be organised by the society anywhere round London in two ways. First, by forming associations to rent suitable houses adjoining each other, furnishing and fitting dining-rooms, library, kitchen, etc., and providing unfurnished rooms for subscribing members. In such a scheme the educated worker, whether married or single, could obtain all the privacy of an individual home without any of the domestic drudgery, while participating in the benefits of club rooms and dining hall, etc. The second, a larger and much-needed scheme, would be an estate developed on co-operative and co-partnership lines, laid out in groups of houses and flats after the manner of a garden village. Each  April 11, 1912 THE FREEWOMAN 411 group will cluster round a central hall and clubhouse, which will be connected by a covered way to the individual dwellings. The central hall will serve many purposes. It will contain a dining hall, where meals will be served at moderate prices, and a library, billiard-room, and other indoor recreation-rooms. A public telephone would be fitted, of course. Meals could be sent out to members in their own houses if it were so desired. The estate and the houses would be held by the tenants as a community on lines similar to those of the Hampstead and other Co-partnership Tenant Societies, thus ensuring that no person or syndicate should acquire a controlling influence in the affairs of the community. In the houses themselves the domestic offices would be considerably simplified. One compact workroom, partaking of the characteristic of both kitchen and scullery, would amply suffice for the discharge of all the domestic work that the tenant need do. In such a kitchen all the lighter meals could be readily prepared, if it were desired to take them at home. A staff of skilled domestic workers would be housed at the central hall, and they could be hired by the hour, day, or week, as they were required. Hot water, electric light and power, and a vacuum cleaning attachment would be fitted to every home and flat, and all possible precautions would be taken in the construction of the dwellings to ensure that the work of cleaning them should be reduced to a minimum. A day nursery, in charge of competent and qualified nurses, would also be established on the estate, in order that busy mothers could at any time leave their children in safe custody, and clean and comfortable surroundings, while they went about their business elsewhere. Such a scheme not only benefits the married people, but also that large, rapidly growing, and hitherto unprovided for class, the educated women workers. Teachers and professional women generally are at present confronted with a choice of evils. They must either live in a boarding-house, without privacy or congenial company, or else take rooms and do their own domestic work after the business of the day, which has probably been long and tiring, is over. The love of privacy, and a place of their own, usually leads them to adopt the latter alternative, and they are obliged to muddle on as best they can. Nothing is more distressing than to come home after a tiring day's work, and then to have to set to and prepare one's own meals, to say nothing of the cleaning and mending which will also demand attention; yet this is what many thousands of women do to-day, not because they like it, but because it is the best they can do under the circumstances. To such as these the co-operative scheme offers comfortable little self-contained flats, which can be cleaned during the day while the occupant is out at business, and the meal problem is adequately solved by the presence of the central hall. Moreover, the communal life of such a colony would find expression in many forms of social activity, in which all could participate with beneficial results, not only to themselves but to the community at large. Above all, it should be remembered that one of the greatest charms of a scheme of co-operative housekeeping such as I have outlined above is its elasticity. It is possible to live in such a colony without availing oneself of the facilities either for meals or for domestic service. The tenant has complete control over the use he makes of all or any of the advantages offered. But, at the same time, it should be remembered that the more the central service has to do, the more prosperous it will become, and its prosperity will benefit all the members concerned, inasmuch as it will leave a greater margin of profit to devote to increasing the efficiency of the whole administration. The one thing needful to all who join such a colony is a genuine understanding of and enthusiasm for the principle of co-operation. Let a number of educated men and women work together in order to obtain a finer and more restful home life, and a fuller and more generous social life, on the lines that I have indicated, and failure is an impossibility. Middle-class people can, by combining their resources, achieve a far better home life than they have ever known hitherto. The isolated house system is wasteful and, on the woman's side, narrowing. If the wife be also a mother, she is torn between the claims of her house and her family, and finds herself unable to attend properly to either. How many women would like to give more time to their children if domestic cares permitted! Their number must be legion, and by engaging the ordinary type of general servant their worries are merely increased. The method of the individual home has reached its limit of development. If we are to make any real progress we must try something new, and co-operative house-keeping opens up so many possibilities of improved conditions that we can only be amazed that its advent has been so long delayed. In view of the many substantial advantages which co-operative housekeeping has to offer, especially to middle-class people of moderate means, the questions naturally arise, " Why has it not been universally adopted? " and " Why are the English middle class still living in badly built semi-detached villas in dull suburban streets? " These questions may be answered by three words—ignorance, prejudice, and capital. The prejudice against any alteration in the present system of isolated and self-contained homes is based largely on the fact that most people are ignorant of the advantages to be obtained under a proper system of co-operative housekeeping. When first such a scheme was launched it seemed certain that capitalists and builders would prefer to build that for which there was a great demand rather than jerry-built houses on speculation, but such is not the case. Although co-operative schemes with guaranteed tenants would prove a far safer security than the crowded suburban houses now being erected, and which become unsightly and untenanted in a very few years, up to the present time the demand for our co-operative houses and flats remains unsupplied. Owners of houses have been approached times without number, and they say, " Cannot accept a society as tenant; find some responsible person to take the lease." Or else the ground landlord intervenes, " Co-operative housekeeping? No! OUR property is only for private residents! " What are we, I wonder? And this excuse in a district of boarding-houses, too ! However, hope and much propaganda work have resulted in rousing capitalist, builder, and land and property owner, and at the time of writing all these are offering to co-operate with us, if we as co-operators show some faith in ourselves by raising a certain amount of capital. There is every possibility in the near future of obtaining suitable houses for immediate occupation, developing two estates and a quadrangle of flats for the educated worker, married or single. But it is practical interest we want from those who have the means; others are waiting and willing to do the work of organisation.  412 THE FREEWOMAN April 11, 1912 This is a woman's question, and by women it must be worked. Rich women! here is a work for you to help forward. To help house the brain-workers who need an individual home. Give us builders and capital, and within twelve months we could house hundreds of families, hundreds of bachelor workers under the co-operative schemes. The society has now these four schemes in hand, which only want a certain amount of capital for immediate development. Alice Melvin. A New Name for a New Virtue. THE ideal of racial unity and international alliance, that ultimate driving-force behind all modern activity, is shaping a new social virtue in the human spirit. Already we feel it transforming our conceptions of life, supplying to faith a firmer basis, to devotion a freer expression, in its operation tireless as wind and sun, like them an elemental force, drawing its energy from the very structure and developments of society. Unlike the social virtues it supersedes, the new virtue transcends personality, institution, and place. It means the union of all men, in all places, under all conditions. It cannot be confined by any church or state, but institutions and governments will increasingly prove effective only to the extent to which they feel and obey its supreme authority. Yet the old ideals and virtues, personal and parochial as they are, involving constant dead-centres of moral and material opposition, will not be put away, but absorbed and reconciled; not annulled, but united. Patriotism, "that last infirmity of noble minds," represents the most complete and enduring synthesis the social necessity has hitherto been able to create. In its plexus gather most of our noblest and dearest traditions; it contains the whole of our legal and economic integrity. It has become allied with our very instincts, so that love for one's country seems an apparently inevitable virtue, like honesty. The flag, the bugle, the marching of old men in uniform thrill us to tears, inspiring a profound, spiritualised emotion: gratitude for liberty, reverence for heroism, awe for glory and power, all hallowed by the vision of sudden death. Yet the national ideal is responsible for that shameful compromise, " a free Church in a free State," which, for the sake of a negative tolerance, has abruptly severed the economic from the moral man, the material from the spiritual necessity. Patriotism, consequently, is a smaller virtue than the new virtue in the same proportion that one country is smaller than all countries, and a poorer virtue in the same proportion that one race is poorer than all races, a less effective virtue in the same proportion that a divided human nature is less effective than human nature perfect and complete. So, little by little, the new ideal will detach the glamour from patriotism, stripping that ancient obligation for defence into the mean, destructive, brutalising prejudice it really is, and gather them all—the devotion, the heroism, the advantage—to herself. Nothing that is fine and magnanimous in human nature will be lost, nothing that is profitable in society will be sacrificed—no, but assembled in a more complete, more enduring synthesis. For this virtue of racial unity could not evoke qualities more delicately spiritualised, more sensitive, detached from contingent attributes of places and people—qualities that cannot enter into patriotism—if it could not also multiply our material values and better safeguard the resources of individual well-being. What shall we call the new virtue? For new it is, although practised in all times as a personal ideal by a few superior souls, since only now can it penetrate the social consciousness as an economic and legislative, as well as spiritual, value. The purest and most inclusive of the traditional social virtues we call patriotism, after the fathers of the race. But the new virtue is not essentially masculine. It arms against no fellow-men, defends no frontiers nearer than the frontiers of life. Passing onward, then, from love of our country to love of our kind, from thinking in terms of a people to thinking in terms of humanity; in acknowledging the new social impetus at work in our time, let us emphasise also the new ideal it has given existence. Not from compliment, but reverence for their supreme responsibility in creating and moulding life, let us derive its name from the mothers of the race. Let us call the new virtue matriotism. Horace Holley. Mine and Thine. ON a wide loggia surrounding three sides of a house not twenty miles from Ayuthia (the old capital of Siam, sixty miles up the river from Bangkok), Luang Laddhako and his wife Nadahn are sleeping. The loggia is raised about six feet from the ground, and their low couches are set where they catch every breath of wind that reaches the house. It is much cooler here than under the mosquito-net inside. Laddhako wakens in the dark dawn to a delicious coolness and peace. He only came up from Bangkok yesterday, and he lies awake enjoying the contrast between the noises that broke his rest in the big city, and the stillness here. It is a delight, too, not to be covered in by the usual netting. The few mosquitoes awake near him might be of a different species from the bloodthirsty biters of Bangkok and Paknam, so inoffensive are they. There is no moon; a few stars glitter in the space of sky between the trees. In the warm darkness the scent of champak and of the jessamine-like mali growing close at hand overpower the strange odours of the jungle and of the sun-scorched grass of the open country stretching out to the south. A clump of dimly outlined tamarind trees stirs faintly in the night wind. Laddhako can hear, too, the flapping of the thick leaves of the stag's ear tree, and the rustling of the mango's branching foliage. Tall bamboo swing and sway over the high river banks; and in the river itself a big fish leaps high. There is no wakeful took-kay (the gecko-lizard) near, and Laddhako's ear, accustomed for some weeks to the full blast of a Bangkok river-symphony, waits, expecting a leading theme. It comes. Far off in the woods, the gibbon cries. "Pua, pua, pua, pua""* is the lament, softly in the distance at first. Then another takes it up, and another, until the woods palpitate with the sad cry. Sometimes it cheers up a little, as if the seeker felt the sought approaching, and called to guide. Laddhako remembers vividly a night during the whole of which, in his longing for an unattainable mate, he had cursed that cry. But that was long ago; he can smile now as he thinks of it, looking at his sleeping wife. Nadahn stirs, wakes. Her opening eyes fall on Laddhako, and she smiles. " What were you dreaming? " he asks. " You cried out." She creeps closer to his couch, saying softly: " I * Pua = husband. The tradition is that a woman who lost her husband in the forest was changed into an ape, and that she wanders in search for ever, calling Pua.  April 11, 1912 THE FREEWOMAN 413 dreamt again that I had a child "—a pause—" and, —that someone took it from me." " Do not think about it," said he. " I do not want a child. I only want you to be happy in your heart." " I will try." Then she asks him if he is not glad to be at home again. " Glad! I wish we lived here always, and never need go back to Bangkok." "So do I. Mel* It's good here. It smells so good." Another peaceful pause; then Nadahn speaks. " How loud the apes are calling this morning! " Laddhako: " Yes." He smiles at her. " I was thinking about the time before you were my wife, when my father sent me up here with Angoon—and I was mad for you. And I used to walk round this house all night and curse that monkey-cry. It was like Laddhako calling for Nadahn and unable to find her." Nadahn turns on her couch and tries to see his face. She never tires of hearing him speak of those days. Laddhako: " Then, at last, Angoon said he would help me, and we made the plan to go to Bangkok and carry you away to Pakret. Me! That was good! And all that came after was good, the little house at Pakret and those happy weeks. Remember or not remember, Nadahn? " Nadahn: " Remember." She keeps very still, lest any movement of hers should stop the narration she knows so well. Laddhako: " And that day, when Angoon and Sia came to us before daybreak, and told us that your father and mine were waiting in a big boat at the creek-mouth for the tide." He stops to laugh. Nadahn: " How silly I was, and frightened. I wanted to run away before the dawn should come, and the boat float up the creek, and bring my father." Laddhako: " You were brave when the two fathers did come, more brave than I was. I was proud of you, and I wondered if in all Siam there was so clever a woman as my little wife.. .. And afterwards, when my father had stopped being angry, and made a proposal that the two fathers should come to an agreement about the price of the mother's milk, and your father said ' Dai ' (' Be it so '), and they both sat down and began to chew." Nadahn: " We knew then we were forgiven." Laddhako: " And the journey in the boat to Bangkok, and the floating-house in the Bang Lampu creek—all good, all happy! " The stars had disappeared, and the spaces of sky between the trees grew less dark. Near one of the out-buildings a light gleamed. It grew rapidly into a crackling flame, lighting up the figures of the awakening community of retainers. One scantily clothed figure squatted on his heels and fanned a fire on the ground. Another placed a big pot over the flames. Nadahn rose. When she was ready to take her bath, the sun was already shining warm. The bathroom was divided from the verandah by a thin partition of teak-wood; the walls and floor were of interlacing bamboo laths and stems, between which sunlight glinted and warm air played freely. Cool, flickering shadows from the trees outside danced on the clear water in a Chinese jar. Fearless lizards clung thirstily to its smooth sides, as, standing on the bamboo flooring, Nadahn dipped out the cool water with a cocoanut-shell, and threw it over her shoul- * Mè is (lit.) mother. It is the commonest Siamese exclamation. Cp. the Burmese "A-mè!"  The money paid down on marriage to the parents of the bride—the price of nourishment received in infancy from her mother. ders again and again, letting it pour through the slits and spaces to refresh the hens and ducks underneath. When she came out on to the verandah, her toilet was finished, except for the removal, by the patting process, of the wet powder on her face. She opened the bathroom door hurriedly, hearing a child's voice. On the verandah, close to the steps leading to the garden, a little brown boy halted, staring at Nadahn. She was a charming colour-mosaic, a brown wood-nymph dashed with green and pink. A scarf of apple-green silk was neatly folded round her breast, its free end fluttering over her outstretched bare arm, while the pink garment fastened at the waist left the legs free below the knees. Her short dark hair stood upright, except for the locks falling over the ears; and through the white powder on her face a sweet mouth and dark, intelligent eyes smiled at the child. But the sudden apparition startled him. He tottered and fell backwards, bumping and rebounding before coming to rest about half-way down the steps. No loud bellow followed the breathless baby's interval between the shock and the cry, only a piteous little whine like that of a moaning dog. Nadahn caught him to her, silently examining the bruises. When she had satisfied herself that the damage was slight, she began to croon and comfort him. A hammock of coarse netting swayed in the hot wind between the verandah posts, and into this she lifted the child, still whimpering. Crouching near him on the ground, she swung the hammock, chanting a wild, screeching lullaby that apparently soothed the infant. " Whose child is it? " shouted Laddhako from his couch. " I do not know," screamed back Nadahn, retaining the shrill key of the lulluby. " It's a strange child, I think, not one of our folks'." When the sobs had quite ceased, she paused in the loud " Ayo, yow, wow " of her lullaby, and, leaning on the verandah railing, looked across to the servants' quarters. An old woman was creeping slowly towards the verandah. Nadahn made her hurry. " Mè Leeam! Me Leeam! Come quick! " " It's my grandson, noble lady, explained the old woman, crouching before her mistress. " Have been looking for him everywhere. Thought he was drowned in the water." "Has he been with you long? " "He came on Tuesday, noble lady. My daughter sent him from Chiengrak for me to see." " Chiengrak! Then he's Phya Glye's child? " " Yes, noble lady." " Why did your daughter not come herself? I want to see her again." " Noble lady, my daughter is the head-wife. Phya Glye would not let her go away " (proudly). "Have we not plenty of children here already? " Nadahn asked, indicating the little ones in the shady compound, some clinging to their mothers, some playing in groups, some pottering about alone. There was a slight severity in Nadahn's tone. (She was the only childless wife in the compound.) " Plenty, noble lady. This child is going back to Chiengrak to-day." " Who can take him? " " Leeam will take him, noble lady.. .. Come to granny, little one? " But the child whimpered, and would go only to Nadahn. She held him tenderly. It was quite usual for relatives and hangers-on of the family, slaves and other retainers, to bring their children with them; Nadahn seldom noticed a new one among them. This one, however, appealed to her strangely. The dream of last night was still on  414 THE FREEWOMAN April 11, 1912 her; the child's clinging to her seemed the natural sequence. She was in a hurry to send him away, however. She would not grow fond of him, as must certainly happen if he stayed on indefinitely in the compound, she seeing him perforce every day. She told Mè Leeam to get ready at once to take the child to its own home. Then she gave way to the temptation to play with him. She sat on the ground, and, gently pinching between her two forefingers and thumbs the skin on the back of one of his tiny hands, she chanted a well-known nursery rhyme. " Maleng mum oe-e—Kayum lang Kah— Luk cheb nak nah—Wang luk si teudt." (" A dear mother-spider Crept on the wall: Its little one was ill, The mother let it fall." "Me! What a good mistress we have!" said Mè Leeam to herself, as the song and the child's delighted laughter followed her across the compound to her hut. She knelt before a black-and-gilt Chinese box, from which she extracted the few belongings necessary for the visit to her daughter. She folded them in a cotton panung, and stepped out, bundle in hand, to take possession of her little grandson. But the child clung still to Nadahn so persistently that Laddhako suggested that both he and his wife should accompany Mè Leeam. " I want to talk to Phya Glye about the railway men, and you will like to see the wife again, and give up the child to her yourself. We can come back to-morrow morning before the heat of the day. And," he added, scanning the glittering klong, " we had better go at once; it's getting hot." The sun beat down remorselessly as Nadahn and her little procession of retainers followed Laddhako across the paddy-fields to the river. Mè Leeam carried the child on her hip, and they kept close to Nadahn. Like dancing threads of silver the creeks shone amid stretches of coarse grass and stubble, blue-black against the sun. To the right, gleamed white the same winding creek that flowed past Laddhako's bungalow. Sails, red, yellow, white, puffed here and there, scudding in the water. Right in front, a grey line moved slowly amongst rank grass and rice stubble. Stragglers from the denser mass showed it to be a herd of buffaloes. As the leader of the troop neared Nadahn, the sun streaming white on its massive grey body glowed also on its small rider's bare, brown skin. A mere child, he sat fearlessly astride the great beast, swinging untrammelled legs, delighting in his power to direct and control the savage herd. A covered Siamese boat was ready for them. Four rowers stood like gondoliers, two at each end. A quantity of fruit, an offering to Phya Glye's wife, filled the bottom of the boat under the wooden shelter. Laddhako seated himself first among the bananas and pineapples and mangoes, and made room for Nadahn beside him. The followers crouched lower down in the bottom of the boat. The heat increased. The shadows of the few bushes rising from the dead level through which the creek wound were almost vertical, of deepest black; and Ale Leeam's wizened features vanished in dense shadow under her round wicker-hat, the cavity of the betel-full mouth showing like a black hole in the darkness of her face. The child, who had snuggled in between Laddhako and Nadahn, soon grew sleepy. Nadahn gathered him up in her arms.. .. She did not speak; it was very hot, her husband seemed disinclined for talk, and she could not divert her thoughts from the old subject of desire. Anything fresh, like this little incident of the child's coming unexpectedly into their daily life, would stir it up. All through the hot hours of the early afternoon the rowers toiled, and as the sudden cooling of the light breeze made by the boat's motion told Laddhako that it was after four o'clock, they sighted a clump of little bamboo houses, with sloping peaked roofs all standing on high piles over the water. On the wooden ladders hanging down to the water from every one of the houses, were women and children, all busied either in bathing or being bathed. Mè Leeam greeted many of them with smiles. When the rowers came to a covered landing beyond the houses, they tied the boat up, and joined the procession that followed Laddhako and Nadahn. Through a wild, weedy garden where pigs rooted, dogs of every sort and size prowled, and crows quarrelled for the remains of food, they reached a wide, low flight of marble steps. Ascending, they interrupted a sleepy man stretched on his back and reading Siamese aloud in a tired sing-song. " Yes, the lady was at home." He did not offer to guide, however; and they groped on in the semi-darkness of the shady verandah and the rooms within. All were silent and empty, until they came on a group seated on the floor, playing cards intently. The room was partially divided up by rickety partitions into smaller rooms, dimly lighted by small square openings in the bamboo slat-work of the walls, through which came the cooling evening breeze. In the middle of the group, intent on her cards, was a fat lady, whom the child, toddling after his grandmother and Nadahn, recognised as his mother. He dropped on his little knees, and placing his two palms together, raised them high above his head.* His mother took no notice of the child. She smiled faintly at her mother and Nadahn, but did not rise or stop her play. A slave brought two clean grass mats, and spread them out for the visitors. The group of card-players continued without a moment's pause. While the game went on, Laddhako sauntered off in search of Phya Glye, the master of the house, and Nadahn sat on by the card-players, the little child close to her, her thoughts still on the question of maternity. In the group before her, were, to her knowledge, at least three wives of Phya Glye besides Mom Lamai, the head-wife, the daughter of old Mè Leeam; all seemed contented and happy. All, she knew, had children. The elderly woman now bringing in the tea and betel was the only exception, for she looked dejected, and it was well known she had no children. The authority of the head-wife was acknowledged unquestioningly by the wives and their children, as it was in every well-ordered Siamese household. Why did Nadahn alone so dislike the time-honoured custom of the country ? She looked at Khoon Beea, the elderly wife of Phya Glye, long since supplanted by younger women. She had no child; was that why Phya Glye had taken other wives? " How old are you, Khoon Beea? " she asked suddenly, as the older woman pushed the betel-nut tray invitingly to her. No one heard them; they were all too much absorbed in their cards; in any case, no Siamese would resent the question at any time. Khoon Beea cracked all her finger-joints one after another, while she went through a rapid calculation half aloud, the "year of the Rat" being murmured more than once. " Thirty-five," she decided at last. Thirty-five! And Nadahn was twenty-two. In thirteen years more, should she be like Khoon Beea ?. .. No, no, no. * This is wai-ing, the customary salute of reverence.  April 11, 1912 THE FREEWOMAN 415 Late in the night, Nadahn, sleeping on a couch on the verandah, awoke to loud yells, discordant music, and beating of tin and iron vessels; to all the din, in fact, that announced an eclipse of the moon. Nadahn sat up, remembering with a vague pain that Laddhako was not sleeping by her. " I had forgotten about the eclipse," she murmured, as her hostess came out from her room to the verandah. As they watched the shadow creeping slowly on, the din made by the assembled villagers and servants somehow carried Nadahn back to that night so long ago in Pakret, when Laddhako had taken his three days' bride to the theatre. The noise of the people, always alarmed at an eclipse, was incessant for half an hour; then came a lull, although the monster still retained his grip on the pale helpless moon. Nadahn did not believe that all that noise really would hasten the passage of the shadow. What caused the strange phenomenon, she knew not. Perhaps it was a cruel monster eating a piece of the moon. But even it so, why should he care for all the noise made about it on the earth? Laddhako always laughed when his people got their tom-toms and pots and kettles ready; she did not think he believed in the monster. She wished her husband were here now, instead of several hundred yards off, in Phya Glye's private bungalow, where even the favourite wife did not often go, and where it would have been quite impossible for Nadahn to follow him. She should not feel so strange, so frightened, if he were with her. At that moment, the little boy woke up, and came to Nadahn quite naturally for comfort. "Me! " said Mom Lamai, the head-wife. ..." I wish you had a child." " I wish it too," said poor Nadahn. " How long do you think to wait ?. .. Does your husband not want any more wives? " " My husband—does not—want---" " Not now, perhaps. But soon, very soon, he will get tired of the dull house, no children. You, too, will like the child—just the same as your own." Nadahn listened intently. " It's very bad" continued the other—" and if s not Siamese custom. Is that not reason enough? No good can be where old customs are despised." After a pause, she continued to harangue. Did not Nadahn believe it was bad to disregard the custom of the country?—Buddho! (expostulatory). She would believe, then, that Khoon Beea was not happy? Well-! That was because she never would let in another wife, and so, at last, when she and Phya Glye had been married seven years, and no child, and still Beea say always no—then one day, he bring new wife---" " Mom Lamai, was it not? " " Yes " (composedly). " And I took warning by her, and chose plenty more wives; and they all work, and are useful. And the master likes me; and we are a very happy family. All except Khoon Beea," she whispered. " She has lived too long alone, and is now very jealous." Mon Lamai's talk flowed on until interrupted by AN APPEAL. The International Suffrage Shop has twice had its windows broken, and the loss of business is heavy. We earnestly appeal to all readers to support us in every way they can. We ask them to call and see our excellent Stock of Books and to order all their literature through us. We are prompt and reliable. We are working for Feminism. 15, ADAM street. strand, w.c. a fresh outburst of scare-music The eclipse was now nearly over, and exertions were redoubled so as to hurry off the gluttonous monster as fast as possible. Mom Lamai got so excited towards the end that she rose from her seat on the verandah floor, and, seizing a brass gong that hung on the wall, she ran down the steps towards the lights, violently beating the gong. All the children (except her own youngest, still close to his new friend, Nadahn) swarmed round, delighted to see the " noble mistress " so hilarious. Nadahn felt a strange want of interest in all the pantomime of the eclipse-frightening. She crouched silently on the verandah, fondling the child. The night was hot and damp, and the wind-lamp on the floor attracted all sorts of creeping things. Grass-hoppers leapt from her hands to her hair, mosquitoes bit, ants swarmed over her, and great winged beetles dashed against the verandah-posts. Nadahn heeded them not, there was so much sadness in her heart. She was going to do her duty, but it did not make her happy to do it. Out of the darkness a deep voice spoke suddenly. " I have heard what the Mom has told Khoon Ying Nadahn." " What have you heard, Khoon Beea? " " Heard the Mom say that Beea did not allow a new wife to come in here. That is not true; I made the noble master bring Mom here. I wanted him to have a child ... to be happy with plenty wives, and a cheerful house.. .. Khoon Ying Nadahn must do the same. .. but not wait.. .. Do it now.. .. She will be glad some day.. . ." The low tones ceased suddenly, and the dim figure vanished as a noisy crowd came clattering towards the verandah. Looking up, Nadahn gazed on the whole round face of the moon. The monster had let go ! epilogue. Four years later Nadahn and Laddhako are supping together on the verandah of their bungalow near Ayuthia, each looking as happy as when we first met them on their honeymoon. The meal over, Nadahn calls " Mè Leeam," and as the old woman advances slowly with a baby boy on her hip, and a little girl toddling by her, the mother-look shines clearly on Nadahn's face. When Nadahn has settled the two children in the netted cradle that swings between the verandah-posts, Laddhako stands close to her. Nadahn fondles the little girl, still awake, as she gently swings the cradle. Laddhako smiles at her. " You are as fond of Jeean's child as if it were your own." " True," says Nadahn. Jeean's child seems mine too, because she is yours, and I think of them both all day and all night.. .. But I am glad in my heart that the boy is my own! " B. A. S. DISCUSSION CIRCLES. PLEASE, NOTE. OWING to unavoidable circumstances, it has been found necessary to postpone the preliminary meeting of the Discussion Circles from Thursday, April 18th, to Thursday, April 25th, 8.15 p.m., at the International Suffrage Shop. The hon. secretary asks that suggestions with reference to the Circles should be sent to her some days before the 25th, in order that they may be considered before the first meeting. Letters should be addressed to Miss Barbara Low, c/o The freewoman, 9, John Street, Adelphi, London, W.C.  416 THE FREEWOMAN April 11, 1912 London Orphan Asylum, Watford AN APPEAL. MR. FRANK DEBENHAM, a member of the Board of Management of the London Orphan Asylum, is presiding at the ninety-ninth annual festival at the Hotel Metropole on Thursday, April 25th, and is making a very urgent appeal for assistance. He directs attention to the work of the institution and its organisation, so admirably adapted to the objects for which it was founded just upon 100 years ago. To-day, as then, it ministers to the sad necessities of the orphan children of our professional and commercial classes from all parts of the Empire. It provides a healthy and happy home for the 500 children gathered within its walls, and is also an educational institution of exceptional value. No pains are spared to adopt the best modern methods suited to the future requirements of the children in those various commercial and other occupations upon which they enter upon leaving school. From £15,000 to £17,000 are required from voluntary sources each year, and he concludes by appealing for liberal financial help, which is greatly needed at the present time, and may be sent to him, either at 1, FitzJohns Avenue, Hampstead, or at the offices of the Charity, 3, Crosby Square, Bishopsgate. THE "LADY" COMBINED KNIFE and SCISSORS SHARPENER Regd. 542,986. FOR EVERY HOME. Sharpens Carving and other Knives and Scissors. Simple to use. Will last a Lifetime. Price - - 6 1/2d. INSTRUCTIONS. Rest the Sharpener on the edge of the table, place Knife alternatively in each end slot, and draw towards you, using slight downwards pressure. For Scissors use the central slot. Scissors require slightly more pressure. Sharpen each blade in turn. THE SHARPENING WHEEL IS MADE OF THE FINEST HARDENED SHEFFIELD STEEL. The "Lady" Sharpener soon saves its cost. ASK YOUR IRONMONGER FOR IT. THE NATIONAL VENDORS' SYNDICATE, 55, CHANCERY LANE, LONDON, W.C. The Final Scheme of Things and Miss Violet Markham. PEOPLE m general, and Anti-Feminists in particular, talk far too glibly about " hard facts," "natural law," etc., in connection with sex (and other) questions. Does it not require the most patient and thorough scientific and historical research to disentangle the basic facts of life, and sex from the jungle growth of custom, habit, creed, and public opinion ? In every generation the thoughtless or superficial (those " fools " of whom Carlyle, I think, said the world was mostly composed) have mistaken contemporary habits and customs for basic facts and immutable "natural laws." If "autres pays, autres mœurs" be true, "autres siècles, autres mœurs" is no less true. It certainly seems to be a fundamental and basic mistake to dub bi-sexual evolution a "feminine revolution," or to treat the subject as if it were a closed chapter in the world's history. Yet that is what Anti-Feminists are actually doing. They would, without doubt, consider it desirable that the harem woman should continue to evolve. I can imagine their zealously working to attain such an object. They would listen with amused indulgence to their grandmothers telling them it was once " fast " for a woman to get into a hansom cab, and " indecent " for a woman to skate; and yet with their own fair—I mean capable (and probably tanned)— hands they will drive motor-cars about the country, and these modest violets will (well-sheltered by masculine leaves) lift their heads up and talk boldly on public platforms. Have they no sense of humour, no sense of proportion? Have they never read history—never studied the present or speculated on the future in the light of the past? Are they kings or gods (or merely fools) that they should presume to say, " Thus far and no further "? What they need is a message from Mars or. .. elsewhere. They need to be made to realise that the way things are at present constituted in this tiny sphere may not be the best (or in the future the only) arrangement possible in this, to them, " best of all possible worlds." That not only do these artificial arrangements (for few of them are natural laws) alter every day and every hour, but that some day they may even have changed (as completely as our bodies do every seven years), and that not a trace of existing sex relationships or present modes of living may remain. Indeed, they need not go as far as Mars to get food for stimulating thought. They need but to go to the nearest beehive* and study that wonderful communal life, in which the female plays so all-important a part. Only the dead change not. Movement is a sign of life. Still waters stagnate. If, instead of opposing the Feminist movement, the antis would, just for one short year, study the evolution of man and woman scientifically and historically, there would be—there could be—but few antis left. They would, instead of opposing this great crisis in bi-sexual evolution, strain every nerve to direct it into wise, new, wide channels. CORALIE M. BOORD. * "The Life of the Bee." By Maeterlinck. April 11, 1912 THE FREEWOMAN 417 Correspondence. MR. UPTON SINCLAIR'S REPLY TO CRITICS. To the Editor of The Freewoman. Madam,—Having been moving about, I have missed the discussions in your columns occasioned by my article on the subject of marriage, divorce, and the abolition of prostitution through the encouraging of early marriage made possible by the prevention of offspring. I have just been looking over your file, and while I cannot spare the time just now to attempt to answer all the arguments of your correspondents, I will outline my position on one or two matters. First, I have spent the greater part of my life advocating revolutionary Socialism, and so I took it for granted that your readers would understand that in my arguments such economic changes were taken for granted. The private property conventions make against early marriage, even when the fear of children is removed. Second, as to the " morality " of the use of preventatives. I was brought up on the ascetic ideal, and I have portrayed it sympathetically in my forthcoming novel, "Love's Pilgrimage." That was written two years ago, however, and meantime I have been investigating the question. What I think, in a few words, it is this: I believe in love; I believe that love justifies the sex act; I believe that lovers will, under normal conditions, desire one or more children; but I do not believe that the desire for a child is necessary to the rightness of any particular sex act. Nature has given us, as your correspondents point out, sex impulse and power beyond actual procreative needs. Perhaps by suppression, the inculcating of the ascetic ideal, we can reduce this. But it seems to me necessary to prove that we ought to, that we should be better for doing it; and I have not been able to find any proof that seemed to me valid, when I came to consider it dispassionately. I think we are quite safe in taking the normal impulse that we have in normal love, and following it normally. I believe the same thing about food, sleep, and exercise, both of mind and brain. I see no more reason for condemning unnecessary love than for condemning unnecessary music. Please observe that I say "love," and that your correspondents who argue with me must not interpret me to mean lust. There is Beethoven, and there is Franz Lehar. The crucial question seems to me this: Is the sex superfluity waste, or is it functioning? It comes to a physiological problem, and I have tried to get the truth from the few investigators who have faced the facts dispassionately. Popular prejudice to the contrary, I see no reason for thinking that normal gratification of normal sexual impulse has any bad effect upon either physical or mental energy. Neither do I think that, granted the presence of love—that is to say, the impulse of the whole nature of the person—it is harmful morally; save only in so far as our preconceived ideas, fear, shame, doubt, etc., may poison it. You may poison a Beethoven Symphony by that method—if, for example, you believe that you do wrong in listening to it on Sunday. But aren't there troubles enough in life, without making more? Isn't there work enough—clearing up our Social sewers, for example—without setting out to change our natures all at once? Aren't there enough real vices to renounce, without renouncing love? Upton Sinclair. April 2nd, 1912. © ® ® THE BLACKLEG OF LABOUR. To the Editor of The Freewoman. Madam,—In the treatment of disease the prevention of what are technically known as " vicious circles " is often the main duty of the intelligent physician. Similar phenomena are apparent in the lives of societies and States, and it is the duty of every sociologist who would be worthy of the name to be ever ready to detect and study them whensoever and wheresoever they may appear. The aim of the practical physician, however, is by no means that of the patient pathologist; and the study of the degeneration and death of societies and States is equally the work of the historian. To the practical sociologist the only reason for his existence is the health of society; and the prevention and cure of the " vicious circles " of social disease should be his main desire and achievement. There are many " vicious circles " in the condition of England to-day. The most pernicious is that which revolves around the centre of low wages. The less in wages a man is paid, the more incapable he becomes of good work, and the smaller is his output; and the more incapable a man becomes of good and sufficient work, the less will he obtain in wages. High wages maintain health and produce both spirit and courage, even as low wages lead to degeneration of body and mind; and the poor in spirit can command not even a living wage. If it were not for the humanity and wonderful self-sacrifice of our well-fed miners there would have been no strike, and sweating could never have come one step nearer to its annihilation in that great and useful industry. The espousal of the cause of their weaker brethren by the better paid miners will ever be a blazing beacon to cheer the millions of the poor wretches within the commercial thraldom of our day. And the example of the miners must be the strength and stay of Labour, or Labour is doomed to eternal slavery. Industrial emancipation can no longer be of purely personal importance, for the workers have learnt that one's own salvation lies in the salvation of others. The weak must be made strong, and the poor in spirit must rejoice in their strength. For the blackleg of labour is the starved slave of industry. The repentant thief on his cross at Calvary partook of the faith and strength of the Christ, and was saved; but neither could have attained to Paradise if both had not died together. Trade Unionism has become the spirit of Christianity militant here on earth; and the espousal of the weak will be the power of its strength. But the future of the Trade Unions will be full of disaster if they fail to espouse the cause of women. For, naturally, the blackleg of labour is the woman. Industrially inexperienced, she is the common prey of all the harpies of profit. But the man is robbed in the robbing of the woman, and he does, of necessity, share her misery. The male unions must in the end recognise these truths; even now some of them have begun to learn their value. Women should also be encouraged to join the men's unions, and to refrain from forming unions of their own; for, industrially, emancipation can never be a sexual matter. In the world of labour the worker is neither male nor female, but simply a worker; and male and female unionists must also, in effect, be non-existent. Let there be trade unions of workers and workers only, and not of men and women. And let industrial men and women continually remember that the God Mammon for whom they serve will consider them ruthlessly and always, as in the beginning, to be not twain but of one flesh. Dorian Parker. A REPLY TO MR. LANSBURY. To the Editor of The Freewoman. Madam,—An old nursery rhyme, dinned into my ears as a child, awoke in my moral consciousness when I read Mr. Lansbury's article in this week's Freewoman. It runs : " If 'ifs' and 'ands' were pots and pans, There'd be no work for Tinker's hands!" The lesson conveyed by this doggerel has yet to be learnt by the W.S.P.U. and their apologists. "If," that pronoun, beloved of the gambler, played a great part in the fate of the Conciliation Bill, and it seems to me that the weak point of Mr. Lansbury's apologist argument is that no one can say what might have happened " if " the militants' truce had been kept up to March 28th ! The Irish tactics, the failure of the miners' vote, the Welsh Disestablishment, were all great factors, and all the " ifs " and " ands " connected with the side upon which their vote would be thrown would have to be reckoned with under any circumstances, and their influence could not have been eliminated, but the one great factor which need not have been there was the influence of militant outbreaks since November 3rd. The nearer we get to success the greater the dangers and difficulties, and it appears to me the more we understand and appreciate the forces which the Bill had to encounter the more reprehensible appear any tactics which added to, rather than lessened, our difficulties, and which tended to throw a narrow majority against, rather than for, the measure. I agree with Mr. Lansbury in his condemnation of the M.P.'s who changed sides, on account of the tactics, but it appears to me rather mean to belabour the Irish vote as he does, while he makes so light of the influence of militancy, and the fact that the miners' representatives were away unpaired. The Irish behaved badly, I will grant, and their curse will probably go home to roost, without so much help from Mr. Lansbury, and I should have had no cause to think his arguments unfair, if he had remembered that it was the miners, whose representatives were away unpaired on the 28th, that sent to the Labour Party Conference, early in the year, delegates charged to oppose a famous suffrage resolution. If the miners had cared, perhaps their representatives might have found pairs in their unavoidable absence.  418 THE FREEWOMAN April 11, 1912 It seems to me a little sum in arithmetic clears up the difficult question of who killed cock robin. It is known that 16 Liberals and 10 Unionists went over to the Opposition—26 in all. Add those 26 votes to the 208 for the Bill, take them away from 222 against the Bill, and the figures are 234 ayes—196 noes—in other words, a majority of 38 for the Bill. I suppose we must accept the reasons these gentlemen give—"protest against attacks on private property"—and to me the pity of it all is that promoters of Women's Suffrage handed to the executioner his axe. If Mr. Lansbury wants to scold the cooks who spoiled the broth, he must be fair, and not rate one cook highly while the two he loves get off with a reprimand. However, this is only the work that the great "if" has left for the Tinker, and while heartily agreeing with Mr. Lansbury that we must now get a demand for the vote from the working-class woman, I hope he will also wake up to the knowledge that the continuance of militancy, with which this week's Votes for Women threatens us, does not recommend itself to the working woman in her home, whatever it does to those who find it useful in political propaganda. As a worker for Suffrage among all classes of women, I always find the working woman dislikes the violence quite as much as any other section of the nation. NORAH O'SHEA. © © © ENDOWMENT OF MOTHERHOOD. To the Editor of The Freewoman. Madam,—I recently became a subscriber to your paper and am struck with admiration of the broadness and fairness in which it sets such an excellent example. Its subjects are those which women would do well to study. I am particularly interested in the free and unconventional letters discussing sexual freedom, endowments of mothers, etc. I have often felt the need to discuss these much avoided topics, and was delighted to find them so fitly expressed through your correspondence that I feel unable to resist the temptation to express my appreciation. I agree entirely with your answer to letter signed " Russel Scott," in last week's issue. It seems to me that every self-respecting person should be self-supporting, and such a woman must resent proposals of endowment of mothers. That a woman should have children if she desires them, and that she would like to see them provided for is only moral, but at the same time, it is by no means moral to sacrifice the remainder of her life to rearing them. How much, after all, does the average mother contribute to them? The rich mother hands them over to a hired stranger, while the poor mother, whose house is too small to accommodate them, except to sleep and for meals, leaves them to the doorstep and the street, the garden or meadow, while she wastes her ability in household drudgery. She is no longer called upon to nurse them when sick, she no longer educates or instructs them, she does not reap for them or sow for them, neither does she spin or weave for them. Surely, when she does so little for them, how can one feel shocked if she hands them over to a trained and competent person, while she follows the occupation for which she has fitted herself. The fallacy that motherhood is a handicap is easily exploded. We have only to look at the increasing number of working and professional mothers, compare them with other women, and see that it is not detrimental either to their work, their health, or their morals. We hear of many people who would be pleased to confine school teachers, etc., to their homes, but they never suggest that our leading actresses should deprive us of their talent and waste their lives. They are a splendid example of self-supporting mothers who are not handicapped by their children. They and their children are a credit to humanity. The rearing tendency is a very desirable one, but by no means does every woman possess it, nor is it necessary that she should. My experience of nursing in children's hospitals leads me to think your idea of the crèche most admirable, and people with the above tendency would find a splendid outlet for it here. May women realise that they can be strong and free. Let the education of our girls be as efficient as that of boys, and the washing of babies be kept out of our schools and confined to the institutions best fitted for it. I rejoice in this fight against sex prejudice, which saddles a man with a double burden and condemns a woman to slavery. May the time soon come when lovers no longer wait until they are getting old, when a woman in the love and strength of her youth may have children without the risk of unemployment and destitution. I wish you the success which ought to attend such an enterprising movement. Rachel Graham. © © © SOCIAL REFORM AND LIMITATION OF POPULATION. To the Editor of The Freewoman. Madam,—I would like to say a word or two on just one point—but that an important one—raised by Mr. Fred Collins' interesting and sympathetic letter on "Population and Food" in The Freewoman of March 28th. Mr. Collins appears to me to have expressed admirably the difficulties inherent in Malthusianism as originally propounded, and the reasons that have led most modern followers of Malthus to adopt the attitude towards the population question commonly known as Neo-Malthusianism. Mr. Collins appears further to be in perfect sympathy with the principles and methods of family limitation as expounded by Neo-Malthusians, but draws attention to the fact that there is more than one way of bringing about the desired limitation. It may be brought about directly by the general adoption of Neo-Malthusian principles by the poorer classes, or indirectly, through an improvement of the economic and moral conditions of these classes. Few Malthusians will, I think, deny that the latter method is, at least in theory, a perfectly possible one. There is every reason to believe that the increased knowledge and foresight, which improved conditions would bring in their train, would soon lead the whole population (or an overwhelmingly large proportion of it) to follow the example of those already in the enjoyment of comfortable circumstances. The important question is, however, Which is the easier and more effective of the two methods? As regards the indirect method, which seems to be that favoured by many social reformers, we must bear in mind that only very extensive measures are likely to be of much use in this direction, unless accompanied by some means of restraining undue fertility. It is, I believe, almost a commonplace of political economy that any improvement in the condition of the lower classes in itself affords an additional stimulus to reproduction. Any slow or gradual reforms will then, in the absence of any reason to the contrary, tend to be counterbalanced by the increased fertility of those whom they affect, just as in the past the increased command over Nature which science has given to mankind has in the main been used up in affording the means of existence to a larger number, without in the least improving the conditions of existence for the average individual. If we are to avoid this result, we must, then, either let our reforms be accompanied by some means of encouraging moderation in reproduction, i.e., the direct method referred to above, or else devise measures of such magnitude as suddenly to raise the " standard of comfort " for the whole population, and to maintain it at a higher level for a considerable period. This might conceivably be done, if we had sudden access to some large new food supply, or, even without this, by some wholesale system of emigration, such as has been more than once suggested; but it is obvious that the devising and carrying out of any such measure would have to contend with economic and political difficulties of no mean order. In order to bring about a reduction of fertility by the indirect method, we must, then, either apply this method on an almost impossibly large scale, or else simultaneously make use of the direct method. A BOOK FOR MARRIED WOMEN. By DR. ALLINSON. The information contained in this book ought to be known by every married woman, and it will not harm the unmarried to read. The book is conveniently divided into twelve chapters. The first chapter treats of the changes of puberty, or when a girl becomes a woman. The second chapter treats of marriage from a doctor's standpoint; points out the best ages for marriage, and who should have children and who not, and furnishes useful information that one can ordinarily get only from an intelligent doctor. The third chapter treats of the marriage of blood relations; and condemns such marriages as a rule. Chapter four treats of the signs of pregnancy. The fifth chapter tells how a woman should live during the pregnant state. The sixth chapter treats of mishaps and how to avoid them. The seventh chapter treats of material impressions, and shows that birth marks are not due to longings on the part of the mother, but rather to her poor health. The eighth chapter teaches how to have easy confinements. Certain people believe that women should bring forth in pain and trouble, but the hygienic physician says that confinements can be made comparatively easy if certain rules are obeyed; these rules are given. The ninth chapter treats of the proper management of confinements until the baby is born. The tenth chapter tells how to treat the mother until she is up and about again. The eleventh chapter treats of sterility; gives the main causes of it, how these may be overcome and children result. The last chapter treats of the " change," a most important article for all women over forty. The book is full of useful information, and no book is written which goes so thoroughly into matters relating to married women. Some may think too much is told; such can scarcely be the case, for knowledge is power and the means of attaining happiness. The book can be had in an envelope from Dr. T. R. Allinson, 381, Room, 4, Spanish Place, Manchester Square, London, w., in return for a Postal Order for 1s. 2d. April 11, 1912 THE FREEWOMAN 419 And what of the direct method itself? To me there seems little doubt, that if energetically tackled, it is much the easier of the two. Neo-Malthusian principles, at least in their elementary applications, are really not so very hard to grasp. The fact that, say, 20s. a week, when divided among seven or eight, does not leave so much for each as when divided among three or four, would seem to be well within the powers of even the most hazy arithmetical intelligence. If, when this is understood, we add the information that it is as easy to produce a family of one or two children as one of five or six, I think that it would not be long before some practical conclusion would be drawn. Thus far, the task seems easy, if only enough of us set about it. It is true that we have still to reckon with the very considerable opposition which any discussion of this question still seems to arouse in some minds. The upper and middle classes, who have almost universally adopted Neo-Malthusianism in practice, still profess to object to it in principle. But probably they will sooner or later be induced to give up their objections, when, simultaneously with the growing freedom of discussion on sex matters, they are faced, as they seem likely to be, with the alternative of an everlastingly increasing burden of taxation. The direct method has indeed the additional advantage of promoting a free discussion of the moral questions involved. If it is true, as the majority of economists seem to believe, that family limitation is a necessary condition of real social reform, it is surely right that the whole question should be publicly recognised and discussed in all its bearings. Only thus, by becoming fully conscious of the all-important issues involved, can the matter be settled rationally, and in a manner befitting a civilised community. Only thus can we hope to put an end to the vast amount of hypocrisy that has hitherto prevailed on the subject. I fully agree with Mr. Collins that to advocate family limitation is not the only possible or desirable means of working for social improvement. But it occupies, nevertheless, a unique position among social reforms. Everything else without limitation can be of no avail, while in itself it can facilitate and lead the way to nearly every other kind of social progress. Wishing The Freewoman the success which she so amply deserves, J. C. Flügel. April 1st, 1912. ® @&gt; @&gt; QUESTIONS FOR DR. DRYSDALE. To the Editor of The Freewoman. Madam,—On three occasions Dr. Drysdale has declared that he has shown the fallacies of Henry George, but when or where I have no idea. This refutation of the notion that the earth will produce abundance, is the one element his argument lacks, yet he refuses to give it. Out of his heirloom of information, the sixty years of work by his family, we get only uncertainty. He quite agrees " that a better distribution of wealth " would help the poor, but is "by no means clear," that enough would be produced to relieve Nature of the charge of parsimony; nor does he offer a plan of an entirely just distribution. Maybe land would help the poor, if there be enough nitrogen (the lack of which he offers not the slightest proof), but how much no one knows. This vagueness is not in accord with the actual knowledge claimed as flowing from the sixty years of study. Certain signs point to Dr. Drysdale's conversion, which nothing but his pride will prevent. He is weary of the subject, and has no liking for the theory itself. He says: " I can assure my opponents that no one will be better pleased than myself if they can bring up some convincing argument against this unfortunate population difficulty which will free me from the necessity of carrying on an arduous propaganda, for which I have felt compelled to sacrifice all my real interests." If Dr. Drysdale will attempt to answer my questions, which he steadily and openly refuses to do, he will soon see his way to cease wasting his efforts, while desiring to do something better. I will put them again. 1. You admit there is enough land to relieve present poverty. How do you know there is a lack of nitrogen and phosphates? 2. We admit your statistics of death rates; but why, in the face of the fact that labourers receive but a fraction of their products, do you insist that Nature will not yield enough? If one-fifth of my product will not support my children, how are you sure that five-fifths will not? 3. If, as you admit, land cost nil, and no one has a moral right to hold it out of use, would not a stationary, or even a declining population (alive to all the "advantages of race suicide") still pay land rent to those who wrongly hold land? And would not the small wages, caused by denial of access to land, be sufficient to account for continued poverty? C. F. Hunt. Rome, March 31st, 1912. [A letter from Dr. Drysdale, which we have been compelled to hold over on account of lack of space, will appear in next week's issue.—Ed.] SS&gt; » ® A Y.W.C.A. HOME. To the Editor of The Freewoman. Madam,—"We all need policemen—to protect us if we are good, and to correct us if we are naughty." I read these words the other day, and they have fastened themselves in my memory A friend of mine is greatly prejudiced against the Y.W.C.A. Homes; she says the objections are that you can never go to a theatre in the evening, because no person staying in a Home is allowed to go to a theatre— that the Homes are only full of elderly people, with hair parted in the middle, and looking like "texts," and that there are "rules to the right of you, rules to the left of you." The epigram that I had read came into my mind, and I quoted it, substituting "rules" for " policemen "! Your readers may be interested to hear my impressions after two or three years' residence in these Homes. I think the Y.W.C.A. Homes are a distinct advantage to three classes of women: (1) "the wage-earners," (2) "the would-be wage-earners," and (3) "those whose wages have been earned before for them." Some of the first class are away in offices or business houses all day, and a most satisfactory arrangement is made for them by which they can pay for bedroom (or cubicle), breakfast, and supper, and their Sunday meals— "partial board," as it is called—while others working near (as the Homes always aim to be in a good central position) can easily get in to all meals. The second class are glad to make it a temporary home whilst on the look-out for another post, and those "with the wages earned before" frequently come to stay when on a visit to London, as they prefer the "homeliness" of the place to a large boarding house or hotel, and dread the loneliness of rooms. One of these Homes which I have now in my mind has a large airy drawing-room, where, if one feels so inclined, one can enjoy a little music or join in the general chatting, or should one have letters to be written, or studying to be done, the dining-room is always at one's disposal every evening for that purpose. In London, particularly, the Homes are most cosmopolitan, and I have counted as many as eight or nine nationalities represented at one small dining-table—should you be sitting next to a good talker, your knowledge of things in general is greatly increased, and your rather near horizon " pushed back a bit " ! I have known subjects of the Kaiser, the Sultan, and King George sleeping most peacefully in one bedroom (cubicles). Theatre-going is not encouraged—neither are theatregoers ostracised! Although the closing time is 10.30 to 11 p.m., extensions are frequently given, and only sometimes, after a number of " late nights " in succession, does the House Secretary ask for " votes " to be given as to the " two only " late nights the following week ! True, there are rules—but then they are only like the policemen, "to correct us when we are naughty"—and I have never found any more than in an ordinary wellregulated boarding-house, and then " they are to protect us when we are good." I have always found the House Secretary most willing to listen to any well-founded cause of complaint, or to make any alteration or re-arrangament, etc., as to the hour of meals and other things, though, of course, one has to bear in mind that she cannot legislate for the individual, but for the community ! Members of committee are by no means names only to the boarders in the house, and the social evening is sometimes an opportunity, when the committee member meets the individual for whom she gives her time and thought. It may be that the cosmopolitan character of the visitors in the London Houses creates the general spirit of friendliness and esprit de corps amongst all, but I believe even the most unresponsive feel that they are homes where God is acknowledged and Christ is honoured. I began with a quotation, and I must, perforce, end with another—one of the speakers drooped it at the enthusiastic annual meeting of the London Division at Queen's Hall on March 14th last—a meeting from which, alas! many were turned away—" Be a British girl to every stranger who comes to stay in your Y.W.C.A. Boarding House." I think she generally is. in the truest sense of the word, though "I sez it as shouldn't"! G. M. T. 420 THE FREEWOMAN April 11, 1912 SWIFT'S COMPELLING FICTION DAUGHTERS OF ISHMAEL (sixth edition) 6s By REGINALD WRIGHT KAUFFMANN (with a Preface by JOHN MASEFIELD) CLEMENT K. SHORTER,IN THE SPHERE: "A REAL SERVICE TO HUMANITY" LIVERPOOL POST: "THE 'UNCLE TOM'S CABIN' OF THE WHITE SLAVE TRAFFIC" IN A GERMAN PENSION (third edition) 6s By KATHERINE MANSFIELD THE WORLD: "A MASTERLY PIECE OF WORK" TRUTH: "AMAZINGLY CLEVER BOOK" LOVE IN MANITOBA (second edition) 6s By A. WHARTON GILL SHEFFIELD TELEGRAPH: "THE AUTHOR IS A REAL STUDENT OF CANADIAN LIFE" DAILY TELEGRAPH: "ADMIRABLY TOLD. ... AN EXCiLLENT PRESENTATION OF FARM LIFE IN MANITOBA" AN EXCELLENT MYSTERY 6s By COUNTESS RUSSELL MORNING LEADER: "UNDOUBTED VIVIDNESS" LADY ERMYNTRUDE AND THE PLUMBER 6s By PERCY FENDALL YORKSHIRE POST: "MR. FENDALL HAS SET OUT TO AMUSE, AND HE DOES IT IN ROLLICKING FASHION" THE REVOKE OF JEAN RAYMOND 6s By MAY FORD SCOTSMAN: "A FASCINATING STORY;. .. CLEVER AND ORIGINAL" THE BOSBURY PEOPLE 6s By ARTHUR RANSOM LIVERPOOL POST: "CHARMINGLY WRITTEN; ... A DELIGHTFUL STYLE;. .. FULL OF INTEREST" THE RECTOR OF ST. JACOBS 6s By SENEX RUSTICANUS SOME NEIGHBOURS (second edition) 6s By CHARLES GRANVILLE CLEMENT K. SHORTER, IN THE SPHERE: "DESERVES THE HIGHEST COMMENDATION" MOTLEY AND TINSEL 6s By JOHN K. PROTHERO MORNING LEADER: "THRILLING" TRUTH: "STAGE LIFE VIVIDLY DESCRIBED" THE WOMAN WITHOUT SIN 6s By PHARALL SMITH A SUPERMAN IN BEING 6s By LITCHFIELD WOODS GREAT POSSESSIONS 6s By Mrs. CAMPBELL THE DARKSOME MAIDS OF BAGLEERE 6s By WILLIAM H. KERSEY THE CONSIDINE LUCK 6s By H. A. HINKSON Send a postcard for "Books that Compel," post free from Stephen Swift 8 Co., Ltd., 10, John Street, Adelphi, London, W.C. Printed by Hazell, Watson  Viney, Ld., 4-8, Kirby Street, Hatton Garden, London E.C.; and Published weekly for the Proprietors at the Office. 10, John Street, Adelphi, London. W.C.