The Egoist , made Published the 1st and 15th of each month. The egoist AN   INDIVIDUALIST REVIEW. Formerly the NEW FREEWOMAN. No. 11.   Vol. I. MONDAY, JUNE 1st, 1914. Sixpence. Assistant  RICHARD ALDINGTON. Editors : LEONARD A. COMPTON-RICKETT. Editor: DORA MARSDEN, B.A. CONTENTS. Page Modern Poetry and the Imagists. By Richard Aldington. 201 Views and Comments. 203 Memoirs of a Charming Person.   By M. de V-M. 207 Passing  Paris. By Saint   Fiacre. 208 Plaisirs.   By C. M. 209 Page Serial Story :— Portrait of the Artist as a 210 Young Man.  By James Joyce. Poems.   By John G. Fletcher. 211 Liberations:  Studies of Individuality in contemporary Music By Leigh Henry. 212 Reviews. By Bastien and Baptiste von Helmholtz. 215 The Spiders Web. By H.S.W. Revolutionary Maxims. Suburbia.   By C. J. Whitby. Venus and Mars.   By M. C. Correspondence. The Value of the " Moral." A Matter of Fact.   The Dangers of Occultism.  " Divine." Marriage and its Rivals. Page 216 217 218 218 219 MODERN POETRY AND THE IMAGISTS. By Richard Aldington. LOOKING at the title I have written at the top of this page it seems to me that the readers of this paper, even though they are supposed to take more interest in the arts than the readers of the " Daily Mail," will probably turn the page and find something- which interests them more keenly—Mr. Joyce's novel, or correspondence about sexual pleasures, or something like that. And this reflection is somewhat humiliating to me, not because I object to people not reading my articles—they have every excuse for that—but because when you give all your thought and time and energy to some occupation and nobody seems to take the slightest interest in it, you get discouraged and take small pleasure in feeling intellectually isolated. We hear quite a lot every now and again about the revival of interest in poetry, and yet that comparative increase is very small when one thinks of the amazing number of perfectly futile novels which are widely reviewed and largely read. Why don't people read poetry? Why is it that practically any stuff written in prose will get a certain amount of attention, while hardly anybody cares for fine poetry until the author of it has starved to death, and then everyone says " Oh, what a pity," or " Serve him right, why didn't he do something-practical?" and after about fifteen years the publisher nearly sells out the first edition . . . . ? "Because" (can't you hear the young poet?)  because people are unmentionable fools, and don't know what's good, and live like pigs and hate good literature on principle, etcetera." There is certain amount of truth in that, but it doesn't quite satisfy me, and yet I can find no other explanation, for when a poem does get immediately down to the people—" The Everlasting Mercy, for example, or "Poems of Passion "—it is usually doggerel or worse. Shall we prefer doggerel to the 4 Wind among the Reeds "? Is Homer dull? Damme, are the poets all wrong?   Do people get emotion out of " The Making of an Englishman and " The Woman thou gavest me " and not out ot poetry ? Do you, most honourable reader, who are fed upon the works of Mr. Wells, and Mr. Henry James, and Mr. Bennett and Miss Sinclair and Mr. Cannan and Mrs. Barclay and Mrs. Humphry Ward and Mr. Max Pemberton and so on, do you take no interest in the works of Mr. Yeats, Mr. Sturge Moore, Mr. Bridges, Mr. James Stevens, Mr. Brooke, Mr. Flint, Mrs. Meynell and Mr. Pound? And the poetry of Mr. Hueffer, who has written the best poem of any of them ? I ask these questions despairingly, irritatedly. I leave them unanswered and proceed to the three books of poetry which I have before me. One of the books is an anthology with poems by me in it, so strictly speaking I ought not to review it; and another is by a symbolist, and that won't take; and the third is tagged " Post-Impressionist," which is a good idea but the poems aren't much good. Mr. Holley's poems* are mostly cosmic and they are all written in vers libre. His rhythms are curiously derivative, reminding one again and again of Whitman. His language is sometimes as pompous and inflated as Mr. Abercrombie's.For example : — " Mute as a foeless, mateless sea-deep monster Heaving through livid, phosphorescent caves Its bulk of terrible hunger seeking prey." Now I firmly believe that this sort of writing accounts for the terrible indifference of many educated people towards poetry. It is unnatural, because no one would dream of speaking in such fierce adjectives— there are seven adjectives and two participles in the three lines—it is unemotional, because it is rhetorical, and it is uninteresting because the thought is obscured. That is not to say that Mr. Holley is a fool; by no means; he has thought and felt and observed. He could turn himself into quite a successful novelist, if he had style. Ah, that is the point, for if style is a large factor in all interesting "Creation," Post-Impressionist Poems.   1/-. By Horace Holly.   (A. C. Fifield.) 202 the egoist June 1st, 1914" prose, it is a much larger factor in poetry. It is really essential; poetry with style may, in rare cases, be unreadable, but poetry without style is always, inevitably and deservedly, unread and bad. I do not wish to slate Mr. Holley more than he deserves, especially as I am using his poems to point an aesthetic moral, and I ought perhaps to have quoted more of the context of the poem above. Instead of reproducing the first three lines of the poem " A Gauguin " on page 16, which would prove my statement about his rhythms coming from Whitman, I will quote another poem by Mr. Holley which I think very beautiful. " Hertha. " Exquisite to her slow silk's rustle Nay its echo Who save one hate-tortured might say how perfect This woman's silken and perfumed exquisite Feminine beauty?" M. Remy de Gourmont* has reprinted in one volume all his poems except the marvellous and inimitable iitanies. He has given his book the very modest title of " Divertissements." They are something more than that. The litanistic poem " Les Saintes du Paradis " is extremely beautiful, and quite in the author's best " Latin Mystique " manner. " Simone " is also admirable, as witness this stanza from " Le Jardin " :— " Simone, le jardin du mois d'aout Est parfume, riche et doux : II a des radis et des raves, Des aubergines et des betteraves Et, parmi les pales salades, Des bourraches pour les malades; Plus loin, c'est le peuple des choux, Notre jardin est riche et doux.   .   . ." And now we come to the book* which I oughtn't to review because there are some of my own poems in it. I think it very odd that no other competent person can be found to do it, but as the only decent critic in England has already published two long articles on the book, it remains for me to praise my friends maliciously and to try and explain the aims and common sympathies and theories which have bound us together between two violent green covers. Why do we call ourselves "Imagists"? Well, why not? People say, " Oh, because it looks silly, and everyone is some sort of an ' ist,' and why give yourselves a tag, and what on earth does it mean, and it's dam cheek any way." Well, I think it a very good and descriptive title, and it serves to enunciate some of the principles we most firmly believe in. It cuts us away from the " cosmic " crowd and it equally bars us off from the " abstract art " gang, and it annoys quite a lot of fools. So there you are. And if you ask me exactly what Imagisme means, to explain it fully, I refer you to the two articles which appeared in " Poetry," one called " Imagisme " and the other 11 Some don'ts by an Imagiste." I haven't that august journal—at least not that number—by me now, so let me say from memory what I, as an Imagist, consider the fundamental doctrines of the group. You will see that they are all practically stylistic. 1. Direct treatment of the subject. This I consider very important. We convey an emotion by presenting   the  object  and  circumstance  of that * '* Divertissements." Remy de Gourmont.  (" Mercure de France."   3f. 50c.) * " Des Imagistes," an Anthology.   (Poetry Book Shop.   2/6 net.) emotion without comment. For example, we do not say " O how I admire that exquisite, that beautiful, that—25 more adjectives—woman " or " O exquisite, 0 beautiful, O 25 more adjectives woman, you are cosmic, let us spoon for ever," but we present that woman, we make an  Image " of her, we make the scene convey the emotion. Thus, Mr. Pound does not say " His Muse was wanton, though his life was chaste," but he says that he and his songs went out into the 4 a.m. of the world composing albas. 2. As few adjectives as possible. Example, this translation from Moschus, where the effect of the Greek is singularly rich:—"And as Orpheus went down into Tartarus, and Odysseus and Heracles, so I, if I might, would go down to the dwelling of Ploutos to see thee. And since Orpheus played so that he was heard, I too will sing. He played the Sicilian song and sang the shepherds' music to Korer and she also was of Sikilia and was gay in the valleys of Aetna, and knew the Doric singing." Only two adjectives in one of the most beautiful passages of Greek poetry ! 3. A hardness, as of cut stone. No slop, no sentimentality. When people say that Imagist poems are " too hard," "like a white marble monument," we chuckle; we know that we have done something good. 4. Individuality of rhythm. We make new fashions instead of cutting our clothes on the old models. Mr. Hueffer says that the unit of our rhythms is the unit of conversation.   I daresay he is right. 5. A whole lot of don'ts, which are mostly technical, which are boresome to anyone except those writing poetry, and which have been already published in Poetry. 6. The exact word. We make quite a heavy stress on that. It is most important. All great poetry is exact. All the dreariness of nineteenth century poets comes from their not quite knowing what they wanted to say and filling up the gaps with portentous adjectives and idiotic similes. Have you seen those unfinished poems of Shelley, which go something; like this : — " O Mary dear, that you were here, With your tumtytum and clear, And your tumtytumty bosom Like a tumty ivy-blossom," and c. ? 7. I   know  there  are  a  lot  more  but  I can't remember them now. There are poems by five authors in this anthology, which I do not consider to be Imagiste. They are those by Mr. Cournos, Mr. Upward, Mr. Hueffer, Mr. Joyce and Mr. Cannell. I do not say that I don't think those poems beautiful; on the contrary 1 admire them immensely, especially Mr. Hueffer's and Mr. Upward's. But strictly speaking they are not Imagiste poems. Of those remaining the best are undoubtedly H. D.'s. They are like nicely-carved marble. This for instance :— " The hard sand breaks, And the grains of it Are clear as wine. Far off over the leagues of it The wind, Playing on the wide shore, Piles little ridges, And the great waves break over it. But more than the many-foamed waves Of the sea I know him Of the triple path-ways, Hermes, Who awaiteth." I think that is as good a specimen of Imagism as can be found.   Hard, direct treatment, absolutely personal rhythm, few and expressive adjectives, no inversions, and a keen emotion presented objectively. I don't think you come to like that kind of poetry until you have read a good deal of other poetry first, but when you do come to like it there is a greater emotional pleasure than in any other sort of writing. Here is one of Mr. Pound's contributions. " Liu Ch'e. "The rustling of the silk is discontinued, Dust drifts over the courtyard, There is no sound of footfall, and the leaves Scurry into heaps and lie still, And she the rejoicer of the heart is beneath them : A wet leaf that clings to the threshold." I think those who know Mr. Pound only in his strictly Provencal or damn-your-eyes moods will be very agreeably surprised by the beauty of that poem. It does not rely on its psuedo-Oriental title for its charm. There you have it, in its way perfection. It is to me the justification of my years-long plaintive defence of poetry—that there was more in six lines of real poetry than in 350 pages of fiction. Frankly, I would rather read three poems like that in a week, carry them about with me, read them to my friends, in Kensington Gardens, in restaurants, and so on, than read any three novels you care to mention. And I swear it is greater art. Far better be Ru'inus with his six lines about Rhodokleia than Trollope with his fast-being-forgotten novels. With a sort of amorous care I pick up this little volume, and then put it down again. No, I simply cannot make space to quote Miss Lowell's " In a Garden " and Mr. William Carlos Williams' perfectly marvellous "Postlude." I must come at once to Mr. F. S. Flint. Some people seem to prefer his poems to any in the book.   I have stated my own preference, which is purely a matter of my own feelings, and it is not my business to award palms of superiority to anyone whose poems arc printed in a book along; with my own. Still, I think many people prefer Mr. Flint because he is an Impressionist. I don't say that he isn't an Imagist. He is, and the whole theory and practice of Imagism owe a great deal to him. But " The Swan," for example, is practically pure Impressionism.   " Hallucination " is a line poem. " Hallucination. I know this room, and there arc corridors : the pictures, I have seen before ; the statues and those gems in cases I have wandered by before— stood there silent and lonely in a dream of years ago. I know the dark of night is all around me; my eyes arc closed and I am half asleep. My wife breathes gently at my side. But once again this old dream is within me, and I am on the threshold waiting, wondering, pleased, and fearful. Where do those doors lead, what rooms lie beyond them? 1 venture. But my baby moves and tosses from side to side, and her need calls me to her. Now I stand awake, unseeing, in the dark, and I move towards her cot. I shall not reach her.   .   .   .   There is no direction I shall walk on... ." VIEWS AND COMMENTS. NEXT saviour, Mr.  H. G. Wells. We by no means exhausted the topic of salvation in our last comments.   The "salvation of the world " is not a theme to be regarded as a swan-song poured forth alone by spinsters and eunuchs in straits, its actual and fitting setting is oratorio with star-turns, minor lights, orchestra and chorus all complete. The Salvationist company  includes  all  those  who now orate—all except ourselves.   We are, in fact, their only audience.   The only reason therefore, let it be said, that Mr. Wells is chosen in preference to other " god-gifted,   organ-voiced  Salvationists "  such as Mr. Shaw, Mr. Chesterton, Mrs. Besant, or Mrs. Pethick Lawrence is that we have just now read his newest book : the latest of his songs of salvage— songs which he produces with such prodigality that should we postpone him until a succeeding issue he will have another through the press and we shall be behind the times.   Therefore let Mr. Wells' be the next  saving  word.In  the  title  of  his newest sketch, " The World Set Free,"* there is a brevity which might suggest that he had fallen into the practice common to all other Salvationists : that of losing-sight of one of the parties involved in the warfare : a sort of glorifying of St. George before they have found the dragon.  But Mr. Wells is not guilty. The brevity  turns  out  to  be  the  outcome  of purely aesthetic considerations connected with the graces of its outer cover.Mr. Wells is quite explicit and not merely tilts his " world " boldly over against the "lives" which are in it: he even tackles the conundrum of the metaphysicians, " What is in the ' world ' when the life which is conscious of what is, * The World Set Free.   By H. G. Wells. (Macmillan. 6/-.) is removed?" Without pause sufficient even to take breath he has his answer ready : there is in " over-mind," a " purpose," a " life-force " (minus lives of course), a " race-consciousness " (minus the stuff of the roots), an " impersonal body of knowledge." CjJCj3 t?3 This initial precaution to state in precise terms that " the world " as an impersonal IT is more than a happy accident on the part of Mr. Wells. Most of the saviours leave " IT " safely without reference, a factor vague and irritating as invisible cobwebs tickling- one's face : defeating attack by its own sheer lack of specification. When practically all Mr. Wells' later works have been forgotten it will, we hope, be held as a memorial of him that he never lost sight of the axiom that a conflict demands the postulating of at least two sides. It is this characteristic which along with vivacious and generous enthusiasms constitute what he has of genius. It gives his work its bite. It is his genuine apprehension of the spirit of combat which has enabled him, not indeed to withstand the invertebrate theorisings of his contemporaries, but to supply, in succumbing to them, out of his own genius the second party of the combat. Hence it is that every catch-penny theory finds a willing disciple in Mr. Wells : but, to their disaster, in his exposition of them they find themselves supplied willy nilly with the implicit half of their creed rendered explicit : exposed in fact. It suits Mr. Wells' temperament to have two blades to his shears. Accordingly a certain evolution in contemporary theories follows. They emerge as oozy insubstantial mental froth from the unbraced brains of his co-salvationists : and immediately fall under Mr. Wells' attention: needless to say his enthusiasm. He forthwith expounds them : he puts into words their 204 the Egoist June 1st, 1914 tacit assumptions. He makes " IT " explicit : trots IT out into the open, regardless of the fact that the open and a Salvationist's IT cannot prosper together. He is the indiscreet Salvationist as a Mr. Seeley was the indiscreet politician. Whence it is that once Mr. Wells has blessed any particular brand of salvation it is safe to calculate it to be as good as dead. His ingenuous wide-eyed support proves more deadly for it than the combined hostile attacks of the profoundest thinkers. He is the Salvationists' enfant terrible. tjj   $J rtj Wherefore, all you Salvationists, all socialists, humanitarians, platonists, life-force-ites, theosophists, christians and all who inhabit high planes, gather round and listen while Mr. Wells explains how the salvation mechanism works. We have already had a bout with " saviours " but Mr. Wells' specialism is more with the " salvage." The saviours told us they sacrificed themselves in order that " something " might be saved. The " something " is Mr. Wells' speciality. He knows it so well that he can recognise it under a hundred different aspects. Ordinarily he calls it " the world," and speaks of the " possibility of salvation for all the world." But he also calls it " Humanity " or " Man " with an initial capital : not men of course ; men are the enemy : the opposing host : if they knew their proper place it would be as the sacrifice to be laid on the altar : meet only to be saviours of MAN. " How small are men, and how great is MAN in comparison," he says—" MAN " alias " Over-mind," alias "Dominating Purpose," alias " Impersonal Body of Knowledge," alias " Aspiration which reaches to the Stars," alias " Immense and Awful Future of the Race "; and in saving this much-labelled spook men will find their true occupation. Because something distressing appears to have happened to this shadowy " IT." IT has run up against a thing which Mr. Wells calls " cosmic disaster " which has quite knocked it off its directing trolley. Hence it has become men's unending job—their duty—to set to rights again. As one of Mr. Wells' heroes puts it : " The ' world ' has been smashed up and we have to put it on wheels again," or as another informs us: "The 'world' was slipping headlong to Anarchy." It is true that what appears to have happened is that some of Mr. Wells' creatures had very cheerfully thrown explosive chemicals about—apparently for their own amusement. Still Mr. Wells prefers to say that it is his spook—the " world "—that is in distress, and as it is his talc one must grant he ought to know. At any rale, he decides that there must be a " conference of rulers to arrest the debacle of civilisation," at which conference " the chief powers of the world were to meet in a last desperate effort to save humanity." cfc   r£ r£ Mr. Wells understands clearly that the plain person objects to the omission to give the " local habitation " of " IT," and he is therefore quite precise. His " IT " is fully equipped with an address in space. " IT," he says, " floats about us, above us, through us." And avc are very glad to know. He means to be quite as clear in describing its manner of creation. That he does not succeed just so well is of course due to the un-steadying effect of the knowledge that his readers will be men and not MAN and that possibly they may object to their relative status. However he does his best. " Man " is made out of a sort of mental excrement of men. Men pass away and become as dust or less, but the mental excrement remains. The lives which know, pass : knowledge remains : to know itself presumably. Mr. Wells appears to have an image in his mind which sees the formation of this " knowledge," this " world " on lines similar to the process which results in a coral-reef formation : where the husk appears more important than the living polyp. It is unfortunate of course that we cannot subpoena the coral-polyps to give first-hand evidence in the matter : how this version of the scale of values strikes them. Fortunately, however, there are still men existing in sufficient numbers from whom to gather evidence on how the importance of MAN appeals to them. r£   r£ r£ The poising of opposites between men and a hazy unknown opponent submission to whom is "virtue" and opposition, even when successful opposition, is "sin," is of course a very old catch: the most ancient catch in the history of " salvation " indeed. It starts off from a new axiom: the part is greater than the whole, and proceeds to the conclusion that the knower is less than his knowledge, living men less than a " Life-Principle," a " Life-Force." That is the theory. The method of application is for some " head-saviour " to abandon his salvationism : do just exactly what he pleases and then persuade the rest that what he wants is the " salvation of the world " and that what they want is nothing much any way : to tread in his path is a far, far better thing. Mr. Wells is working a very well-worn theme when he says, " I saw how little and feeble is the life of man (small initial), a thing of chances preposterously unable to find the will to realise even the most timid of its ( !) dreams . kindly but jealous, desirous but discursive, able and unwisely impulsive, until Saturn who begot him ( !) shall devour him in his turn " : or when " I was irradiated with affection for the men and with admiration at their cheerful acquiescence in the subordination of their position. How willing those men were ! How ready to accept leadership and forget themselves in collective ends!" "I could feel something of its infinite wonderfulness," in which quotation Mr. Wells reveals the badge of the saviour : a two-pronged fork. If a man is doing what he pleases and what to him appears important, he is impaled on one prong. " How little and feeble." If he is gadding about with the " collective purpose " he is hung up by the other, and his doings at once endowed with an " infinite wonderfulness " : all within the distance of a couple of pages. $J   tj3 tjj However, in spite of these discriminating " praises for merit " bestowed so lavishly for thousands of years, Mr. Wells still finds us wallowing in depths of " immense selfishness." He tells how when one of his heroes talked to men of " the larger scheme," they answered, " But then, we shall all be dead," and he could not make them see that that did not affect the question. These unreasonable beings no doubt felt that it did for them. In fact Mr. Wells realises that men are so incorrigibly selfish that nothing short of the demonstrable power to blow them to smithereens is sufficient to reduce them to a condition in which they will even verbally concede they might possibly become otherwise. Accordingly, as Mr. Wells, like many other saviours, realises, that whatever means are necessary, whatever slaying of men is needed, for the " salvation of the world," those means the saviours must provide—whether the stake, block, gallows, gunpowder makes no difference : what is necessary will be forthcoming : rather out of the forthcoming will be forged, the necessary. For Mr. Wells the necessary is an explosive chemical called Carolinum : a species of magnified fireworks of the "cart-wheel" variety : which goes cracking about the planet ultimately killing off the greater part of the population and reducing the rest to the required state of submission. The moment when that spirit in men which Mr. Wells before deplores as being so " little and feeble " has been cowed in fear (so he would have us believe) by the new explosive he chooses as the right one in which to choose a new system of government and to graft it on them. The time when Philip is dead-drunk he selects as the right moment to arrange for the good government of Philip when sober. In fact, the narrative of " The World Set Free " would come to an abrupt end were it not for the postulating of these spells when men's consciousness is stunned into momentary stupefaction and   non-resistance. None   of   its constructive schemes could be "set on wheels" were it not granted that men could be treated as mummies. When Mr. Wells says that " collectivism has been plastered into our brains " he is a little mixed as to order of procedure : he means that first the brains were stunned (by his Carolinum) and that in order that "collectivism" could be plastered over them. A government finds it difficult to govern a crowd of individual "purposes," so while the individuals are stunned it sets up a " collective " one. This simplifies matters enormously, and explains why simplification becomes such an important aspect of the collective purpose.   Mr. Wells is most strong on it. That hero—he has many heroes—who gathers together a motley crew of kings and politicians on Mont Blanc or  thereabouts—proclaims himself a  " devotee of simplicity " and accordingly " a noble simplicity " hung about that lofty assembly : even about its decisions, which ran like this : " The world must be a Republic," " The people must hand over to us all the Carolinum " : war must end : separation means the threat of war :  therefore there must be no separation : " there must be no mine and thine but ours " : there must be " one government for mankind " and that one are we. Accordingly the abdicated President of the United States drawls through a megaphone to North, South, East and West all the world round : "All you persons, just deliver up all that there carolinum right here and before luncheon." Of course they all did, which shows the advantages of simplicity and a unified collective purpose. No wonder that Mr. Wells becomes a little thick in his speech in his intoxication with the subject. For instance this : " The new civilisation came as a simplification of ancient complications," which carries a lilt with it, if no light. No wonder that Mr. Wells, whose indosyncrasy runs to a desire to " incorporate and comprehend his fellow-men into a community of purpose," believes that " the ultimate aim of art, religion, science and philosophy is to simplify," and fervently hopes he will " escape from individuality in Science and Service." $J tf3 After reading more like the above there is nothing surprising in the fact that the leading spirit at the Abdication of Kings should be a person whom Mr. Wells calls King Egbert, "the young king of the most venerable kingdom in Europe " but who is plainly the well-known idiotic Rattle whose haunts are the Fabian, Theosophical and Suffrage societies and the vegetarian restaurants : the male person who does not consume fish and so unfortunately cannot swallow a bone and choke. This is the sort of gag with which Rattle induced the ninety-three rulers to abdicate : " We are just going to lay down our differences and take over government. Without any election at all. Without any sanction. The governed will show their consent by silence.   If any effective opposition arises we shall ask it to come in and help....." " Before the sun sets to-day ... we shall have made our abdications . . . and declared the World Republic, supreme and indivisible. I wonder what my grandmother would have made of it ! AH my rights ! And then we shall go on governing. What else is there to do? All over the world we shall declare that there is no longer mine and thine but ours. China, the United States, two-thirds of Europe, will certainly fall in and obey. They will have to do so. What else can they do? Their official rulers are here with us. They won't be able to get together any sort of idea of not obeying us. Then we shall declare that every sort of property is held in trust for the Republic.   .   . ." " You don't want us to condemn all humanity to a world-wide annual Fourth of June for ever and evermore on account of this harmless necessary day of declarations. No conceivable day could ever deserve that. . .  The worst of these huge celebrations is that they break up the dignified succession of one's contemporary emotions.   They interrupt.   They set back. . . . Sufficient unto the day is the celebration thereof. Let the dead past bury its dead. In regard for the calendar I am for democracy and you are for aristocracy. All things are august and have a right to be lived through on their merits. No day should be sacrificed on the grave of departed events. What do you think of it, Wilhelm?   .   . ." " If I do him an injustice it is only because I want to elucidate my argument. I want to make it clear how small are men and days and how great is man in comparison." Such was the council, inspired by such a windbag, which ultimately secured "by a noble system of institutional precautions, freedom of enquiry, freedom of criticism, free communications, a common basis of education and understanding- and freedom from economic oppression." $3   r£ r£ None the less, in spite of these triumphs, it appears that men continued to regard their individual lives as important: to consider the sum of their days as a matter of importance to them, and the pathos of Mr. Wells really touches one's heart when he points out that " Men who think in life-times are of no use for statesmanship." No more are they, and to put an end to this pernicious way of thinking he turns to education. " The new government early discovered the need of a universal education to fit men to the great conceptions of its universal rule." One can well believe it. " It proclaimed that sacrifice was expected from all, that respect was to be shown to all " ; "it taught . . . that the salvation of the world from waste and contention was the common duty and occupation of all men and women." So it set a poor cripple to work at the task: one named Karenin. It was this ill-rigged gentleman who set all the waterways of the globe on fire with a staggering announcement—the result of years of original research—to wit, " There is no peculiar virtue in defect." (It is odd that all these saviours should have such a terribly disconcerting way with them. The unexpectedness of Mr. Karenin is however only additional proof of his fitness for his job. Mr. Wells says " To him far more than to any of his contemporaries it is due that self-abnegation, self-identification with the world spirit which was made the basis of universal education." His " memorandum to teachers " established him : and indeed it is a true salvation document. " Education is the release of man from self." " You have to teach self-forgetfulness." " Your children . . . have to shed the old Adam of instinctive suspicions, hostilities and passions, to find themselves again in the great being of the universe. The little circle of their egotisms has to be opened out until they have become arcs in the sweep of the racial purpose. Philosophy, discovery, art, every sort of skill, every sort of service, love, are the means of salvation from that narrow loneliness of desire, that brooding preoccupation with self and egotistical relationships which (and he ends up on the pounding note in perfect tune) is hell for the individual, treason to the race, and exile from God." It is merely through an oversight that he omits to add that this is the psychological moment to ask for the collection : to make the announcement that contributions should be thrown on the drum. tjj   t+3 $j The same Mr. Karenin who guarantees to do for the Universal Government by means of a properly educated Conscience anything which Carolinum leaves undone, has a little word to say which Mr. Wells cannot see his way conveniently to squeeze into the Memorandum to Teachers. It requires a more impressive setting—and this is what Mr. Karenin was made a cripple for. His defect (which we are asked to remember has no peculiar merit) necessitates a surgical operation and the operation necessitates his removal to a laboratory on the top of the Himalayas, and the Himalayas, which have snow and sun on them, form just the suitable background of Mr. Karenin's little word.   It is the day 206 the egoist June 1st, 1914 before the operation which Mr. Wells by tricks of us craft has indicated is going to prove fatal. Mr. Karenin has struck the requisite note of AWE by talking of Man of himself in the third person and all is ready for Mr. Wells to strike up the few bars of slow music. " The cloudbanks of India lay under a quivering haze, and the blaze of the sun fell lull upon the eastward precipices. Ever and again as they talked some vast splinter of rock would crack and come away from these, or a wild rush of snow and ice and stone, pour down in thunder, hang like a wet thread into the gulfs below, and cease." $3 and $ The subject is fittingly introduced—" Love and the Place of Women in the Renascent World," and the old attitudiniser lets himself go with a swing into Mr. Wells' latest views on the subject to an audience carefully assorted so as to be able to make suitable responses in character. There is the Poet : there is the Chemist; the Woman clever but plain, Rachel; the Woman who is not plain, Edith; and also many other stock characters. One wonders if ever it will fall within Mr. Wells' capacity during his present sojourn on earth to look directly at a woman— any woman—Countess, High School Mistress, or the One who does his chars and see in her something more than a peg to hang his passing views on. But to return to the educationist-poseur before his creator knifes him. Karenin informs his audience that there has been too much Love between men and women, but under his newly patented system of education there will be less. " You said sexual love was the key . . . all that may have been necessary but it is necessary no longer. A 11 that has changed, is changing still very swiftly. Your future, Rachel, as Women is a diminishing future." Whereupon Rachel, clever but plain, asks the usual intelligent question of Mr. Wells' intellectual women: "Karenin, do you mean that women are to become men? You would abolish women? But Karenin, listen . . ." and there follow ten good reasons why Karenin should allow women to remain. " In some things we are amazingly secondary, but, but, but . . . ." which moves the good Karenin to concessions. " I am not thinking of the abolition of women ... but etc. . . ." "so long as you think of yourselves as women "—he held out a finger at Rachel and smiled gently—" instead of thinking of yourselves as intelligent beings, you will be in danger of—Helenism. To think of yourselves as women is to think of yourselves in relation to men. You have to learn to think of yourselves, for our sake and your own sakes, in relation to the sun and stars. You have to cease to be an adventure, Rachel, and come with us upon our adventures . . ."—and he moved his hand towards the dark sky above the mountain crests." We have put " in relation to the sun and stars " in italics. It contains the essence of the sort of spirit which turns at the slightest provocation to cheap theatricals, to the pose, the unconsciously insincere, affected attitude. There is one fitting admonition—and one only—to the person who thinks of himself " in relation to the sun and stars " : Don't be such a silly ass. How Mr. Wells, for instance, can make an old fellow on the eve of a dangerous operation : at a moment when, if ever, a man will be sincere and lay aside his attitudes, talk to the " Old Sun " in the second person and of himself in the third is beyond fathoming: "Very soon now, old Sun, I shall launch myself at you, and I shall put my foot in your spotted face and tug you by your fiery locks. Well may you slink down behind the mountains from me. . . . !" Really, Mr. Wells ! ! As for women " thinking " of themselves in any relationship towards the sun or stars as an improvemen upon their relationships with fellow human beings, they are too safely anchored to their sensuous moorings to get so far astray in pursuance of a popular writer's comical metaphysics.   The sense of remoteness which one upon occasions feels towards other human beings and which in a flighty mind suggests relations to Sun and Stars, they know to be nothing more than a germinating period in which one is preparing to make a new strong relation to a human being. That Mr. Wells should make the mistake is comprehensible enough, but he could be set right very easily by looking at the phenomenon under the guise of a simple ratio. " As remote as the stars appear to me, so remote do I appear to be from certain other human beings—for the present." Seasickness or a bilious attack will have the effect of suggesting a like solar or stellar remoteness. «JQ UJ It is curious that Mr. Wells with his ardent enthusiasm for the " Spirit which desires to know " should never have taken the trouble to find out what knowledge is. What is knowledge if not feeling sufficiently strong to become clear and definite? How can we know more than we feel? Why then suggest that the " spirits which desire to know " should leave the low plains where feeling is passionate and strong for Himalayan heights where there is snow and one scratches back one's hair and wears white drill overalls? We offer these fruitful questions for Mr. Wells to consider before he writes the first sentence of his next volume, which event we suggest should be postponed for a period of at least three years' duration. In the meantime we can explain to him why his prose is such as would lead a schoolboy to expect getting his head smacked should he try to make it pass criticism. We forbear from reiterating a tag and explain why literary style bespeaks the man. The growth of literature is the increasingly precise outlining in words of images felt clearly enough to make their features definite for the one who feels them. A poor writer is one who writes before his images are clear—before he knows in fact. For some reason, either because he wants money badly, or because popular acceptance and publishers' indiscriminate generosity as to pay, fosters a belief that the world is thirsty for the works of his pen, good or bad, the poor writer writes, and neither his taste nor his character forbids. He assumes the certain tone in regard to that of which he is uncertain. He is untrue, and in his taste there is nothing exacting. It does not demand a complete image and therefore the expense of time while waiting for it to round to its completion. Respect for his own sincerity is not available to veto the publication of anything which would undermine it. The " style " is such because the character of the writer will permit it to be such. That is the gist of what we imply when we call a writer a poor writer. Sow Mr. Wells is occasionally a good writer; but more and more he produces execrable writing. Although his writings have made him rich financially he is too poor to wait until he knows what he feels. He has a vague buzz and whirr in his head and straightway his pen is out and he will write down phrases such as "banked darknesses of cumulus," " civilisation the simplification of complications," " The ruling sanities of the world," " The spectacle of feverish enterprise was productivity." He will unblushingly produce a volume out of less emotional evidence and material for thinking than a truer person —even with an empty stomach—would feel honest in making to fill out a paragraph. And he trusts to a vague diffused energy to carry the performance oft. And if we are asked what concern this has for us, we reply first that we have met so much of it and are bored; second, since we have a paper to sell and minds soaked and soddened in a hash-up of blurred images are incapable of bracing themselves to the effort of understanding it, draining off some of the slop is part of our struggle for existence; and third, Mr. Wells is not a fixed quantity and a little grandmotherly admonishing may be enough to induce him to mend his ways : give the " salvation of the world " the slip and save himself in fact. Memoirs of a Charming Person. V. WHEN my visitor had left, the Count came back into the room. "What was I talking about?" he asked. " Oh, I remember. I was suggesting you should put yourself in the shoes of. one of your learned doctors, and suppose the blessed Danhuzerus came to you with a case of conscience. ' I have been living,' he says, ' on terms of intimacy with the lovely Queen of the Nymphs, who tried, not unsuccessfully, to gain my affections. She was supported by all the Sages, who now look on me as their Prince. I am giving her a soul, and we have had several beautiful children; but now amd again I have scruples, when I think that Holy Church would condemn what I am doing. So I have come to ask you, of what nature are these children, these Sages, and what is my Nymph herself? Farther, enlighten me as to the state of my conscience.' " " I should answer," said I, " with all due respect to you, you are a little mad, or else your vision is an enchantment; your mistress and your children are goblins; your Sages are certainly mad, and your conscience is in a parlous state." The Count replied that I was as deluded as all the doctors of the Church, who held that a poor Nymph could not appear without being taken for an impure phantom ; or a Salamander without being taken for a devil, and the pure element of which he is made, for hell-fire. They make the Sign of the Cross, and pray, in vain; for they are always supposed to be enemies of the God whom they really adore. I demurred to the latter statement, but he assured me the Elementals are exceedingly devout, Porphyry having recorded a Salamander's prayer to the Deity, which he repeated to me. I then remarked that a great preacher had paraphrased it, saying it was a proof that the Devil, amongst his other vices, practised that of hypocrisy. " Poor Elementals !" exclaimed the Count. " They are not given a chance, even when they say wonderful things about God, the Son, and the Holy Ghost they are still taken for hypocritical hobgoblins ! Their reputation is so bad that good men will have nothing to do with them." I asked what had become of all these creatures, since respectable people ignored them. " The arm of God is not shortened," he replied solemnly. " He allows them to use all sorts of artifices, so that they may achieve relations with human beings without the latter knowing anything about it. Can a woman have children by a dog, an ape, or a bear?" " That's impossible, and against nature," I retorted. " Very well," said the Count, " but the King of the Goths was born from the union of a bear and a Swedish princess; a Portuguese woman, exposed on a desert island, had children by a great ape, and the Pegusians and Syomais of India were the offspring of a dog and a woman. What do you say to all this?" " Our theologians would answer that the Devil can take all these forms," I replied. " The Devil again ! Now understand, once and for all, that the Elementals appear in these shapes, so as to overcome the strange aversion women have to them. Many a man is the son of a Sylph who thinks himself the son of a man; many another thinks he is living with his wife, when he is really immortalising a Nymph. With the help of the Sages, these lords of the Elementals defeat the Devil. We Sages teach them the magical name of Nehmahmihah, which combined with Eliael, routs the powers of darkness, and the Sylph lives happily with his beloved. Thus a Sylph once gained his immortality by impersonating the lover of a young lady of Seville. She was beautiful and cruel, and would not listen to the Castilian gentleman's pleadings; so he went away for two years, during which time the Sylph gained her affections, and taking the knight's form, became her lover. She had a child by him, unknown to her parents, and was expecting another, when the Castilian returned, cured of his infatuation. He went to her and told her she need no longer fear his importunities. You can imagine the misunderstanding that arose ! She vowed he had been her lover for two years, and confessed to the birth of the child. Her parents made enquiries, and found the Castilian gentleman had, as a matter of fact, been absent for two years." I remarked that the Sylph had not done well to abandon her at such a crisis. " He had a very good reason," the Count explained. " She was not devout enough. These gentlemen set about the salvation of their souls very seriously, and like the mortal with whom they are living to lead a saintly life. I can tell you of another case in which a young widower, a Bavarian, was consoled by a Sylph in the form of his wife. He was given to swearing and bad language, and in spite of her warnings, he would not mend his ways; so one day she disappeared, leaving him nothing but her skirts, and his regrets." " I don't believe," said I, " that the Devil is such a mortal enemy of these beings." " He is indeed, especially of Nymphs, Sylphs, and Salamanders. He is on better terms with the Gnomes, because, as I have already told you, they have little wish to become immortal, for they hear the shrieks of the damned in the bowels of the earth, and fear a like fate. They go further, and persuade mortals that it is far better to lose their chances of immortality; so these pacts, commonly supposed to be with the Devil, whereby a man gives up his soul, are really with Gnomes, who are inspired by the Evil One to suggest that their souls should die with their bodies." " And do their souls really die, and are they not damned?" I enquired. " Certainly," replied he. " Then they get off very lightly," said I. " Do you call it a light punishment to fall into the Abysses of Nothingness ! It is far worse than hell, because God has always some mercy in His dealings with sinners. That is what we preach to the Gnomes; and as they are much more docile and intelligent than men, we make a good many converts." " I should like to see a Cabalist preaching to them !" cried I. " If you wish, I will call them together and preach to them at midnight," said he. " A witches' Sabbath !" I retorted. "Another superstitious error; we assemble the Gnomes to teach them, and when one is converted we marry him to a mortal, celebrating the ceremony with dancing, and cries of joy. Orpheus was the first to call up these inhabitants of the lower world, and at his first assembly the oldest of the Gnomes, Sabatius, was made immortal; hence the word Sabbath." " I never imagined the witches' Sabbath was a devotional meeting !" I exclaimed. " Popular superstition always gains the day," said he. " The wise can do nothing against it. In the reign of Pepin, the famous Cabalist, Zedechias took upon himself to convert the world, and called on all the Elementals to show themselves, in the air and in the water. They were taken for sorcerers, come to cast evil spells on the harvests, and to invoke storms; and a great many were taken and killed by fire or water. Shortly after, four ambassadors were seen descending from heaven, who declared that they had been taken to a marvellous country  by  miraculous  men,   shown  all  sorts of wonders, which they were asked to tell on their return; they also were captured by the populace and were about to be put to death, when a monk called Agobard, bishop of Lyon, hurried to the place and announced that they could not have come down from the skies, therefore could not by any possibility have seen what they reported.   So they were given their liberty, and their witness was, for the moment, in vain.   However, as they had escaped death, they were free to tell all they had seen, and in consequence some of the Sylphs were encouraged to form connections with mortals, and during the reign of Charlemagne many heroes were born.   All the delightful fairy tales in the Legendes Amoureuses du Siecle de Charlemagne were founded on the lives led by the Elemental peoples, and you can judge by them how excellent a world could be made on such models if only the advice of the Sages were followed. The least of our children would be wise as Zoroaster, Apollonius and Melchisedek; and many as accomplished as those Adam would have had by Eve if he had not sinned with her." " But I thought you said," I interrupted, " that Adam and Eve were forbidden any intercourse." " True," said the Count, " they were forbidden to have children by the ordinary method." " Then is there some other?" I enquired. He answered me there was, but refused to give me any further information on the subject, adding that he would have me to consider again which among the Elementals I would choose to immortalise. He was going to preach that night, he said, to the Gnomes, on the nature of the Understanding and the Sovereign Good. Thus he ended our conversation. I had many others with him, and would give their substance were I sure that my readers would recognise the fact that I am no believer in the Secret Sciences, whilst pretending to laugh at them. If I were certain of not being misunderstood on this point, I would go on amusing myself with the Count, and would soon give another volume to the world. M. de V.-M. Finis. Passing Paris. "'L'ENTRAVE " (Librarie des Lettres), the last of Mme. Colette Willy's round dozen of books bearing her name, or one of her various names, has reached its twenty-ninth edition. Of modern French prose-wriers Mme. Colette, as she now rather lamely calls herself in literature, is among the most appreciated with both the £lite and the general public. Her books are printed and re-printed in every form and not a word of unfavourable criticism has ever accrued to them. A singular career has been hers.Years ago— perhaps fifteen, perhaps twenty—as a very young girl from a distant province she came to Paris and married M. Gauthier-Villars, musical critic under that name, and under the pseudonym of 44 Willy " known —too well known—as a humorist, novelist journalist. After her separation from him and subsequent divorce it transpired that Mme. Colette had collaborated in a number of books published under the signature of " Willy," books which had obtained an enormous sale   for   their   somewhat   unusual   contents but whose   perfection   of   style  exempted   them from classification among literature of the pornographic order.   A marvellous little performance entitled " Les Sept  Dialogues  de  Betes,"  published  before the separation from  AT.   Gauthier Villars  and signed 44 Colette Willy," had informed the public as to her exceptional gifts and given an opportunity for certain conclusions regarding the part taken by her in the " Claudine " series. At the period of her separation Mme. Colette went on the stage. After a few very daring appearances, some of which were received with hostility, she became quite famous as a dancer and mimic. Meanwhile she continued to write her books (" Les Vrilles de la Vigne," " La Vagabonde," " La Retrace Sentimentale "), a play (" En Camarades " in which she acted herself, and short stories for " Le Matin " and overcame by the sheer force of her talent whatever disapproval she may—or may not— have earned previously, taking, by general consent, a front place among the very first writers of the day. And when, during a recent vacancy at the Academic, the question was raised in the press and drawing-rooms as to which of our numerous authoresses was best entitled to fill it, given the hypothesis that women were eligible, Mme. Colette Willy headed the polls by a large majority, being followed in favour by Mme. Henri de Regnier (" Gerard d'Houville ") who is a poet, besides a charming writer in prose, while Mme. Colette has made no poetic attempts up till now, at least so far as the public knows. Mme. Colette is now re-married, has left the stage, and is for the first time a mother. Such are, broadly sketched, the many various steps in this woman's singular and, generally speaking, successful career. Colette Willy does not need to express herself in verse to write poetry. Her books are chiefly about herself plus a few characters and incidents coming in direct contact with herself. They analyse sensations, formulated in the most coloured and fluent language. Such is the beginning and the end of them. A fault of style, a negligent phrase does not occur in a single instance. Language, in her grip, is as soft and supple as wax.   Take this : " S'il me reste, de mon enfance, un rare empire sur mes pleurs, j'ai garde aussi le don de m'emouvoir, avec une intensite que le temps diminue a peine, a certaines heures, et non pas seulement celles qui rassemblent, en bouquet irresistible, le son d'un orchestre parfait, un clair de lune qui se mire aux buis et aux lauriers luisants, et les odeurs d'une terre ou couvent l'ete et l'orage. II y a des instants de faiblesse descoevree, ou de brefs souvenirs optiques, tres anciens, des contrastes de lumiere et d'embre suffisent a entr'ouvrir un coeur qui se sevre d'aimer. Ainsi, la clarte* rose et chaude d'une fenetre illuminee au flanc d'une maison obscure, cette oblongue clarte* prolonge au dehors sur une allee de sable, ou filtree par des feuillages noirs, signifie particulierement, pour moi, amour, amour abrite, foyer, isolement precieux et permis.   .   . ." Nothing precious, no affectation, just a simple, smooth flow of choice language. Not a hitch. And so throughout every page and every book. The first chapters of " L'Entrave " are slow and encumbered with too many fussy and insignificant details. Mme. Colette fumbles about in them somewhat like a swimmer failing to find his depth. Her elements are animals, nature, love—the love of male and female, not the sentimental effusions of English or, in fact, most novels, to describe which she uses a simple outspokenness absolutely forbidding criticism. Perhaps the French language facilitates this frankness, but chiefly, I think, it is her own natural, sincere and elegant eloquence. What English writer could dare this, for instance?— " Et il y a derriere nos visages a tous deux la meme volente bien arretee : il faut que cette journee interminable, harassante pour moi, gatee de reticences, de lieux communs, vide, humiliante, car j'y tiens le role de celle qui est venue, qui s'est deplacee pour recontrer un homme;—il faut que cette journee prenne fin sur un mot, sur un geste qui la signent— ou la biffent. Je me paierais de peu de chose, au point ou j'en suis. Une fausse confidence me suffirait, un de ces recits oil Panecdote se fait petite June 1st, 1914 THE EGOIST 209 pour céder la place à des ' je ne sais pas si vous pensez comme moi.....' ou ' j'ai toujours été airsi ' des ' je n'ai pas besoin de vous regarder longtemps pour savoir que.' ... De ses deux mains libres, Jean m'a saisie solidement par les coudes, de manière que ma nuque a compris tout de suite ce qu'on voulait et se ploie en avant— mouvement pour fuir, si l'on veut, mais bien commode pour découvrir la place du baiser. . . . Un bon baiser chaud, pas trop mordant, long, tranquille, qui prend le temps de se rassasier et qui dispense, après le premier frisson jusqu'aux reins, un contentement un peu léthargique. . . . Un bon baiser immobile, bien donné, bien reçu, sans que chavirent nos corps éequilibrés, l'un contre l'autre et que je subis les yeux fermés, la bouche close, avec un silencieux soupir de détente : 4 Ah ! que je suis bien.   .   . .' " Un baiser, tout devient simple, savoureux, superficiel, et d'une candour un peu grossière. Un baiser— et l'esprit qui s'envolait, s'abat, comme la nuée des moucherons d'été sous les premieres gouttes lourdes d'un orage. C'est qu'aussi il n'y eut rien de plus explicite que ce baiser muet. Pas un mot amoureux, pas un murmure de prière, pas même mon nom soupiré, rien que le baiser, donné traîtreusement par derrière, et reçu avec une béate mauvaise foi. " Puis je me tais brusquement, et je garde mes forces pour me débattre, car il a commencé de m'envahir, de grimper autour de moi en paralysant mes deux bras. Il se fait lourd exprès, il se fait collant comme une mauvaise plante tenace. Je n'ai pu me lever, ni même décroiser mes jambes, je lutte en conscience, à demi renversée, appuyée sur un bras. . . . Puis il se penche et m'embrasse sur la bouche, délicatement. Cela est si doux, après ces deux minutes de lutte, que je m'accorde comme un repos, et je laisse aller ma tête sur le tapis. Que c'est doux, cette bouche nue, ces lèvres pleines qui résistent au baiser, élastiquement, qu'il faut écraser un peu pour rencontrer les dents. ... Je voudrais rester ainsi terrassée, le cœur battant dans la gorge, tandis que le brasier rose chauffe la joue et que sa lueur reflète au-dessus de moi, dans deux yeux d'argent gris. . . . Que c'est doux l'instant de se perdre assez pour penser : ' Me voici délivrée du souci de penser. Baise-moi, bouche, pour qui je ne suis que bouche. ... Je n'ai jamais connu cela, cette joie intelligente de la chair qui reconnaît immédiatement et adopte son mâitre, et qui s'empresse pour lui, se fait docile, prodigue. . . . Cela est si beau, si aisé, cela ne ressemble pas à de l'amour. Rien qu'aux chec des genoux nus, rien qu'au nœud des bras attentifs à se bien lier, j'ai senti commencer des heures sans prix—et sans danger. Je suis fière qu'il me doive autant que je lui dois. Tout a été si parfait ;—je ne veux pas que notre repos envie rien à notre plaisir ;—c'est pour cela que je m'étaie confortablement contre Jean, et qu'en même temps ma jambe s'assure que sa jambe repose longue et confiante près de la mienne, sans crispation polie et sans recul.   .   . ." I hope no one is going to label this " realism." For it is art at its supremest, at the point when it awakens and unmasks truth, reality. "Le 'mal de l'absence.' ... A force de ressasser malgré moi ces trois mots, toujours les mêmes; à cette fenêtre toujours la même; j'ai fini par en dénaturer bizarrement le sens. Parceque je me tiens penchée de biais sur la barre d'appui trop basse, et que je m'obstine à m'y meurtir le côté gauche, j'assimile le ' mal de l'absence ' à une douleur physique, là dans mon flanc, audessous du cœur, à cette place que j'écrase tendrement sur la barre de bois, et que je berce.   ...   Le mal de l'absence. C'est  une  souffrance  si  simple,—aussi simple que la mort.   Comme je me sens loin des bas tumultes de la jalousie, et de ses déserdres homicides ! Tout est si simple en moi et dans mon malheur : il était auprès de moi;—il est parti;—et point d'autre souhait, d'autre espoir, que son retour. Qu'il revienne, aimant ou non   .   .   .   qu'il revienne.   .   . ." And these touches of " human nature " where the acute experience of one woman becomes the reflection of that of others and all : " Or, malgré l'insomnie, malgré les larmes que je ne vaincs pas toujours, malgré l'idée fixe plus épuisante que les larmes et l'insomnie,—je me maintiens parée, prête à toute surprise, à tout comparution, de mon lever a mon coucher, et Masseau lui-même ne m'a pas vu défaite. " Vous l'avez vu? il vous a parlé? il a parlé de moi, rendez-le-moi ! Qu'il sache par vous, que tout moi, rendez le moi ! Qu'il sache parvous, que tout m'est facile, que tout m'est doux, s'il revient ! Dites-lui que s'il revient je sentirai son approche, que s'il était seulement là, dehors, au bout de la rue, je le saurais aussi infailliblement que la feuille altérée sait l'approche de la pluie ! Dites-le-lui,—mais surtout dites-lui qu'il revienne, parceque je deviens faible et toute creusé per dedans, et que j'ai peur de mourir sans lui ! " Il y a un but, qui est là, devant moi : c'est cet homme qui ne me désire pas, et que j'aime. L'atteindre, trembler qu'il ne m'échappe, le voir s'échapper, et patiemment l'approcher de nouveau pour le reprendre, voilà désormais mon métier,—ma mission. Tout ce que j'aimais avant lui me sera alors rendu,—la lumière, la musique, le murmure des arbres, le timide et fervent appel des bêtes familières, le silence fier des hommes qui souffrent,—tout cela me sera rendu, mais à travers lui, et pourvu que je le possède." But these quotations must, unfortunately, suffice, and they will, to show that he who burrows far enough into his own self, who does not spare himself, is bound to create art. And it will be the greater in proportion to the intensity of emotion experienced and the capacity to perceive and to convey it. But experience with life—with pain and pleasure, that is—suffices. It will probably alone unravel the latent confusion of language—and, even if it does not to such perfection as in Mme. Colette, it will be a hundred times nearer art, and consequently life—the soul—the very life of life—then technical facility where the emotion, as distinct from simple observation, is lacking. It comes to this that the finest art has been lived—if only at the moment of its production. It must be stained with a trace of tears or blood to prove its authenticity. "Saint Fiacre." Plaisirs. With Apologies to a Poet. May we not be spared— I beseech you— This insistent propaganda? May we not concede The laws of morality and propriety To whom they are addressed? I grant you that arms and lips Are sweet, and that women Belong to who love them, Conventions absurd and sins an invention. But should we not keep in secret and silence These discoveries, And ourselves be happy With our own particular Unbourgeois-likc divertissements ? C. M. A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man. By James Joyce. THE night of the Whitsuntide play had come and Stephen from the window of the dressing-room looked out on the small grassplot across which lines of Chinese lanterns were stretched. He watched the visitors come down the steps from the house and pass into the theatre. Stewards in evening dress, old Belvedereans, loitered in groups about the entrance to the theatre and ushered in the visitors with ceremony. Under the sudden glow of a lantern he could recognise the smiling face of a priest. The Blessed Sacrament had been removed from the tabernacle and the first benches had been driven back so as to leave the dais of the altar and the space before it free. Against the walls stood companies of barbells and Indian clubs; the dumb-bells were piled in one corner : and in the midst of countless hillocks of gymnasium shoes and sweaters and singlets in untidy brown parcels there stood the stout leather-jacketed vaulting horse waiting its turn to be carried up on the stage and set in the middle of the winning team at the end of the gymnastic display. Stephen, though in deference to his reputation for essay-writing he had been elected secretary to the gymnasium, had had no part in the first section of the programme, but in the play which formed the second section he had the chief part, that of a farcical pedagogue. He had been cast for it on account of his stature and grave manners for he was now at the end of his second year at Belvedere and in number two. A score of the younger boys in white knickers and singlets came pattering down from the stage, through the vestry and into the chapel. The vestry and chapel were peopled with eager masters and boys. The plump bald sergeant-major was testing with his foot the springboard of the vaulting horse. The lean young man in a long" overcoat, who was to give a special display of intricate club swinging, stood near watching with interest, his silver-coated clubs peeping out of his deep side-pockets. The hollow rattle of the wooden dumb-bells was heard as another team made ready to go up on the stage : and in another moment the excited prefect was hustling the boys through the vestry like a flock of geese, flapping the wings of his soutane nervously and crying to the laggards to make haste. A little troupe of Neapolitan peasants were practising their steps at the end of the chapel, some circling their arms above their heads, some swaying their baskets of paper violets and curtseying. In a dark corner of the chapel at the Gospel side of the altar a stout old lady knelt amid her copious black skirts. When she stood up a pink dressed figure, wearing a curly golden wig and an old-fashioned straw sunbonnet, with black pencilled eyebrows and cheeks delicately rouged and powdered, was discovered. A low murmur of curiosity ran round the chapel at the discovery of this girlish figure. One of the prefects, smiling and nodding his head, approached the dark corner and, having bowed to the stout old lady, said pleasantly : — Is this a beautiful young lady or a doll that you have here, Mrs. Tallon? Then, bending down to peer at the smiling painted face under the leaf of the bonnet, he exclaimed : — No ! Upon my word I believe it's little Bertie Tallon after all ! Stephen at his post by the window heard the old lady and the priest laugh together and heard the boys' murmurs of admiration behind him as they passed forward to see the little boy who had to dance the sunbonnet dance by himself. A movement of impatience escaped him. He let the edge of the blind fall and, stepping down from the bench on which he had been standing, walked out of the chapel. He passed out of the schoolhouse and halted under the shed that flanked the garden.   From the theatre opposite came the muffled noise of the audience and sudden brazen clashes of the soldiers' band. The light spread upwards from the glass roof making the theatre seem a festive ark, anchored among the hulks of houses, her frail cables of lanterns looping her to her moorings.A side door of the theatre opened suddenly and a shaft of light flew across the grassplots.   A sudden burst of music issued from the ark, the prelude of a waltz : and when the side door closed again the listener could hear the faint rhythm of the music.   The Sentiment of the opening bars, their languor and supple movement, evoked the incommunicable emotion which had been the cause of all his day's unrest and of his impatient movement of a moment before.   His unrest issued from him like, a wave of sound : and on the tide of flowing music the ark was journeying trailing her cables of lanterns in her wake.Then a noise like dwarf artillery broke the movement.   It was the clapping that greeted the entry of the dumb-bell team on the stage. At the far end of the shed near the street a speck of pink light showed in the darkness and as he walked towards it he became aware of a faint aromatic odour. Two boys were standing in the shelter of a doorway, smoking, and before he reached them he had recognised Heron by his voice. — Here comes the noble Dedalus ! cried a high throaty voice.   Welcome to our trusty friend ! This welcome ended in a soft peal of mirthless laughter as Heron salaamed and then began to poke the ground with his cane. — Here I am, said Stephen, halting and glancing from Heron to his friend. The latter was a stranger to him but in the darkness, by the aid of the glowing cigarette-tips, he could make out a pale dandyish face, over which a smile was travelling slowly, a tall overcoated figure and a hard hat. Heron did toot trouble himself about an introduction but said instead : — I was just telling my friend Wallis what a lark it would be to-night if you took off the rector in the part of the schoolmaster. It would be a ripping good joke. Heron made a poor attempt to imitate for his friend Wallis the rector's pedantic bass and then, laughing at his failure, asked Stephen to do it. — Go on, Dedalus, he urged, you can take him off rippingly. He that will not hear the Churcha let him be to theea as the heathena and the publicana. The imitation was prevented by a mild expression of anger from Wallis in whose mouthpiece the cigarette had become too tightly wedged. — Damn this blankety blank holder, he said, taking it from his mouth and smiling and frowning upon it tolerantly. It's always getting stuck like that.   Do you use a holder? —I don't smoke, answered Stephen. — No, said Heron, Dedalus is a model youth. He doesn't smoke and he doesn't go to bazaars and he doesn't flirt and he doesn't damn anything or damn all. Stephen shook his head and smiled in his rival's flushed and mobile face, beaked like a bird's. He had often thought it strange that Vincent Heron had a bird's face as well as a bird's name. A shock of pale hair lay on the forehead like a ruffled crest: the forehead was narrow and bony and a thin hooked nose stood out between the close-set prominent eyes, which were light and inexpressive. The rivals were school friends. They sat together in class, knelt together in the chapel, talked together after beads over their lunches. As the fellows in number one were undistinguished dullards Stephen and Heron June 1st, 1914 THE EGOIST 211 had been during the year the virtual heads of the school. It was they who went up to the rector together to ask for a free day or to get a fellow off. — O by the way, said Heron suddenly, I saw your governor going in. The smile waned on Stephen's face. Any allusion made to his father by a fellow or by a master put his calm to rout in a moment. He waited in timorous silence to hear what Heron might say next. Heron, however, nudged him expressively with his elbow and said : — You're a sly dog. — Why so? said Stephen. —¦ You'd think butter wouldn't melt in your mouth, said Heron.   But I'm afraid you're a sly dog. — Might I ask you what you are talking about? said Stephen urbanely. — Indeed you might, answered Heron. We saw her, Wallis, didn't we? And deucedly pretty she is too. And inquisitive ! And what part does Stephen take, Mr. Dedalus? And will Stephen not sing, Mr. Dedalus? Your governor was staring at her through that eyeglass of his for all he was worth so that I think the old man has found you out too. I wouldn't care a bit, by Jove.   She's ripping, isn't she, Wallis? — Not half bad, answered Wallis quietly as he placed his holder once more in a corner of his mouth. A shaft of momentary anger flew through Stephen's mind at these indelicate allusions in the hearing of a stranger. For him there was nothing amusing in a girl's interest and regard. All day he had thought of nothing but their leavetaking on the steps of the tram at Harold's Cross, the stream of moody emotions it had made to course through him and the poem he had written about it. All day he had imagined a new meeting with her for he knew that she was to come to the play. The old restless moodiness had again filled his breast as it had done on the night of the party but had not found an outlet in verse. The growth and knowledge of two years of boyhood stood between then and now, forbidding such an outlet : and all day the stream of gloomy tenderness within him had started forth and returned upon itself in dark courses and eddies, wearying him in the end until the pleasantry of the prefect and the painted little boy had drawn from him a movement of impatience. — So you may as well admit, Heron went on, that we've fairly found you out this time. You can't play the saint on me any more, that's one sure five. A soft peal of mirthless laughter escaped from his lips and, bending clown as before, he struck Stephen lightly across the calf of the leg with his cane, as if in jesting reproof. Stephen's movement of anger had already passed. He was neither flattered nor confused but simply wished the banter to end. He scarcely resented what had seemed to him a silly indelicateness for he knew that the adventure in his mind stood in no danger from these words : and his face mirrored his rival's false smile. — Admit ! repeated Heron, striking him again with his cane across the calf of the leg. The stroke was playful but not ,so lightly given as the first one had been. Stephen felt the skin tingle and glow slightly and almost painlessly; and bowing submissively, as if to meet his companion's jesting mood, began to recite the Confiteor. The episode ended well for both Heron and Wallis laughed indulgently at the irreverence. The confession came only from Stephen's lips and, while they spoke the words, a sudden memory had carried him to another scene called up, as if by magic, at the moment when he had noted the faint cruel dimples at the corners of Heron's smiling lips and had felt the familiar stroke of the cane against his calf and had heard the familiar word of admonition : — Admit. [To be continued.) Poems. By John Gould Fletcher. I. THE clouds are like a sombre sea: On shining screens of ebony Are carven marvels of my heart. 'Gainst crimson plaques of cinnabar, Shrills, like a diamond, dawn's last star. The gardens of my heart are green ; The sun drips off the glistening leaves; In the humid gardens of my soul, The crimson peonies explode. I am like a drop of rose-flushed rain Clinging to crimson petals of love. In the afternoon, over gold screens, I will brush the blue dust of my dreams. II As I went through the city by day, I saw shadows in sunlight. But in the night, I saw everywhere Stars within the darkness. (A coldly fluting breeze, Dark Pan under the trees; Low laughter—up the sky A star like a street-lamp left on high.) As I went through the city by day, I was hustled by jostling people : But in the night the wind of the shadows Whispered " Hush !" to my soul. III. Great bed of earth, all warm and fresh with love, Bright field of sky for the clouds' laughing pilgrimage, Or for their battled tournaments and shocks of arms : Immensities of silent afternoons, The chattering, wailing, shouting, somnolent trees, That rejoicing, affright me with intense green life : All these are mine : and in them all I see You, Pan?   You, Christ?   You, Sun? Perchance, all three? At least all of wisdom, joy, fulfilment, breath : In a sense which I cannot, and which I need not tell. To me the earth's a holy sacrament: The sky its cup, the clouds the altar-tent. And the sun is a taper flaming for the Mass. IV. An ant crawling up a grass blade, And above it the sky. I shall remember these though I die : An ant and a butterfly. And the sky. The grass is full of forget-me-nots and poppies, And through the air darts many a fly. The ant toils up its grass blade, The careless hours dance by. The grass blades shake beneath the feet of the useless hours That walk out of the woods, showering shadows on flowers. When they move, their feet flash white through the silent clearing, I see them sometimes from the corner of my eye. V. The clouds pass Over the polished mirror of the sky; The clouds pass, puffs of grey, There is no star. The clouds pass slowly : Suddenly a disengaged star flashes : The night is cold and the clouds Roll slowly over the sky. I shall dance : VI. I shall exist in motion, A wind-shaken flower spilling my drops in the sunlight. I feel my muscles bending, relaxing beneath me; I direct the rippling sweep of the lines of my body; I batter with my matter against the walls of the atmosphere : I dance. Around me whirls The sombre hall, the gaudy stage, the harsh glare of the footlights : And in the brains of thousands watching Little flames are leaping to the music of my effort. I have danced : I have expressed my soul In unbroken rhythm, Sorrow, and flame : I am tired : I would be extinguished beneath your beating hands. VII. Torridly the moon rolls upward Against the smooth immensity of midsummer sky, Changeless, inexhaustible : The city beneath is still. Heaven and earth are clasped together, Momently life grows as careless As the life of the intense stars. Out of the houses climbing, Fuming from windows, flickering up every roof-top, Rigid on sonorous pinnacles, There swirl up silently, Love's infinite flamelets. VIII. Like cataracts that crash from a crumbling crag Into the dull blue smouldering gulf of a lake below Landlocked amid the mountains, so my soul Was a gorge that was filled with the warring echoes of song. Of old, they wore Shining  armour and banners of broad  gold they bore : Now they drift, like a wild bird's cry, Downwards from chill summits of the sky. Fountains of flashing joy were their source afar; Now they lie still, to mirror every star. In circles of opal, ruby-blue, out-thrown, They drift down to a dull, dark monotone. Touch the loose strings, poet, Thrum the strings : For the wind brings distant drowsy bells of song. Loose the plucked strings, singer, Spurn the strings : For the echoes of memory float through the gulf for long. My songs seem now one humming note afar : Light as ether, quivering 'twixt star and star, But yet, so still I know not whence they come, if mine they are. Yet that low note Increases in force as if it said, " I will " : Kindled by God's fierce breath, it would the whole world fill. Till steadily outwards thrown, By trumpets blazoned, from the sky downblown, It grows a vast march, massive, monotonous, known Of old gold trumpeteers Through infinite years : Bursting the white, thronged vaults of the cool sky. Till hurtling down there falls one mad black hammer-blow ! Then the chained echoes in their maniac woe Are loosed against the silence, to shriek uncannily. The strings shiver faintly, poet : Strike the strings, Speed the song : Tremulous upward rushing of wheeling, whirling wings. Liberations: Studies of Individuality in Contemporary Music. IV.—Igor Stravinsky and the Dionysian Spirit. ALL virile artistic creation to-day must of necessitybe a revolt against the dominion of the obvious. The conceptions of the past being based on external representation or on a limited number of fixed forms and conceptions easily assimilated, have become outworn with continual mechanical use. Obvious form has been regarded as an object in itself, and has been elaborated to the point of obliterating its primary essentials and to the negation of thought and mental development. Thus art, as generally understood, has been reduced to the level of an intellectual sensualism. The demand for charm and exotic romance, coupled with the limits imposed by religious conceptions, have served to segregate it from all other fundamental influences of life as a whole. It has, in fact, become utilitarian and not generative. The forms which it has assumed developing to a certain point have halted and remained stationary within the bounds of external aspects. The internal conceptions upon which those forms are based have remained motionless during the passage of centuries. All its branches have been concerned almost without exception with outward form and formal dexterity. In music, mathematics and the manipulation of a mechanical symphonic form, or the imitative suggestions of scenes and events, legendary, historical or contemporary; in painting and sculpture, the elaboration of formal design or the reproduction of natural objects, physical attitudes and externals; in literature, descriptive novels and poems which, though occasionally more purely intellectual, have in general been narrative and enclosed by obvious features; in the dance, the reproduction of stereotyped postures and the perpetuation of conventional movements and steps; in the drama, tragedies and comedies of events and incidents, realism, mimicry and sensual appeal; these are the boundaries within which the sterile worship of outward form has confined and debilitated art. This subjugation has resulted in a gross emotionalism, the exploitation of form for its own sensuous appeal, the perversion of dramatic significance by mimicry, sentimentality and theatricalism. In short, art has become the servant of the unintellectual mob, the minister to its sensual and emotional appetites. Hence it follows naturally that a low standard of taste has resulted—a standard totally lacking in intellectual discrimination, and creative of an incapacity for appreciating any save the most obvious and unimportant features of artistic achievement. This is particularly evident in the attitude evinced by the general public towards the compositions of Igor Stravinsky and also towards the art of the dance with which so much of his work has been connected. Modern music, as all vital modern art, is at once the analysis and synthesis of its epoch. It has forsaken the study of ancient and remote conceptions which no longer apply to the changed order of things resultant on the new elements which have entered into human existence. By so doing it has come for the first time in its history into full touch with the vital forces and subtle influences of life. This is evident in the works of Granville Bantock, Bela Bartok, Eric Satie, Florent Schmitt, Arnold Schonberg, Alexander Scriabin and Balilla Pratella. It is equally evident in the particularly human and vital art of Igor Stravinksy. Confinement of creeds, religions or aesthetics, creates certain inactivities, and from inactivity springs incapacity, resulting in disease. Hence it is continually necessary to stir the world and awaken a thirst for movement and strenuous exercise, physical and mental, to avoid decrepitude. It was the realisation of this which gave birth to the Greek allegory of June 1st, 1914 THE EGOIST 213 Nancy. Henry. 1914. This synthetic design has been conceived with a view of expressing the generative movements of Metachory and Synthetic Chorography. It is an attempt to express, not so much the external aspects of the dancers, as the expressive force underlying the movements of the dances themselves. Apollo and Dionysos from whence Nietzsche later evolved his conception of the vital beings whom he believed would precede the super-man. Stravinsky, being essentially a Dionysian in spirit, has realised the necessity for enlarging the scope of significant expression in art, so that by its means it will be possible to present adequately and synthetically the ideas from which it emanates.   Hence it follows that his work is essentially intellectual. Stravinsky himself is an avowed apostle of the new empirical movement   in   France,   the   principles   of which announced by Ricciotto Canudo in the " Manifesto de l'Art Cérébriste " [January, 1914] embrace among other things the following ideal—" Contre tout sentimentalisme dans l'art et dans la vie, nous voulons un art plus noble et plus pur, qui ne touche pas le cœur, mais qui remue le cerveau, qui ne charme pas, mais qui fait penser'' [Against all sentimentalism in art and life, we purpose a nobler and purer art, which does not touch the heart but which stirs the intellect, which does not charm but which creates thought]. Supplementary to this declaration Stravinsky has personally outlined his creative attitude in a literary article, " Ce que j'ai voulu exprimer dans le Sacre du Printemps," published 1913, which explains admirably his artistic aims.Notwithstanding this there has been continual evidence of a persistent determination on the part of the public to avoid recognition of those principles in his work.Thus his orchestral fantasia " Fireworks " [first performed in England at Queen's Hall, February, 1914] was greeted as " a brilliant trifle" or "a musical joke." Yet in this work we have a perfect manifestation of the true Dionysian spirit, the essence of dramatic mirth and vitality in its widest application. Colour, movement and light of the image; the sense of liberation conjured up by the emotions associated with festivals, together with the potential expression of form and movement evident in the brilliancy of the pyrotechnic design, are here combined in a musical symbol of that spirit of synthetic creation which has found so perfect an interpretation in the metachoric theories of Madame Valentine de Saint-Point and which has created a new art for to-day and for the future. It requires little thought to indicate the cause of this uncomprehending reception. All art, and especially music, to the general public, is something in the nature of a respectable indulgence swathed in a pleasant veil of ready-made sentimentalism which at once implicates and avoids thought. So it comes about that we have this same public waxing equally ecstatic concerning things totally dissimilar and often opposed to one another. Wagner's " Parsifal," a work with its musical force permeated and weakened by a sentimental negative and absolutely obsolete philosophy; the dances of Anna Pavlova and Adeline Gênée, which are nothing but the perpetuation, albeit on a higher plane, of the Italian ballerina traditions; the conceptions of VVaslow Nijinsky, superstructures of dance-forms upon subservient music, which tend to institute a further type of sentimental artificiality; the absurd Neo-Grecque travesties of Isodora Duncan, blundering attempts to revive Greek plasticism by uniting its traditional attitudes to music by classical and romantic composers such as Bach and Chopin; all these things it accepts without differentiation, without realisation of their incongruity, because they conform to the sensuous standards of emotionalism and sentimentalism upon which it is accustomed to rely. Naturally unwilling to think, it is scarcely surprising that it is almost antipathetic to the later development of Stravinsky as evinced in " The Consecration of Spring." Yet it is in this work that we obtain the first balanced conception of chorography as a generative art form, a conception which, owing to intellectual development in art and the subtlety which the evolution of ideas has brought about, is something almost totally opposed to all that has hitherto been understood by the term dance. The dance as a medium of intellectual and individual expression, and as a separate and equal art, has had no existence until to-day. The sacred dance, movements formed in accordance with the ritual of a religion and performed to fixed musical accompaniments ; the scenic dance, operatic or pantomimic, copies and exaggerations in stereotyped attitudes of the movements of ordinary life, realistic mimicry without artistic subtlety ; and the so-called artistic dance, plastic postures reproduced from paintings and sculpture ; these are the forms within which the dance has been confined and owing to this dependence on other arts it has remained in an emotional and unintellectual state, a mere technical display in combination with an appeal to the senses impossible as a medium for the synthetic expression of individual conceptions and ideas. The realisation of this incapacity has resulted in the Metachoric conception created by Valentine de Saint-Point, which was announced by her at a conference in the Comédie des Champs-Elysées, Dec. 29th, 1913, through which the dance attains, for the first time, in its annals, a truly expressive artistic function. Repudiating all realistic reproduction and negating the importance attached to fixed steps in the dance as generally understood, Valentine de Saint-Point seeks to establish the " Dance of Ideas," a fusion of all the arts subject to the individual conception of the dancer; an elastic form embracing both mobile and immobile art. In her own words, " Je donne toute l'importance à la ligne totale de la danse, c'est-à-dire au scheme dramatique que le corps, en dansant, marque sur la scène " [I give all the importance to the total line of the dance, that is to say, to the dramatic scheme which the body, in dancing, marks in the scene]. (La Métachorie—Valentine de Saint-Point.) Her dances, based in the first instance, on her own poems, are synthetic, and conform to a geometric design. Thus, one obtains " La fusion de tous les arts ; en unissant la musique, la poésie, la danse et la géométrie, car la géométrie est la synthèse de l'art architectural et de ses dérivés, la peinture et la sculpture" [Fusion of all the arts; in unison with music, poetry, the dance and geomery, for geometry is the synthesis of architectural art and its derivatives, painting and sculpture]. It therefore follows that " La Métachorie, à cause de sa ligne, et de son style, est ainsi moins réaliste que la mimique, et plus expressive et précise, et en quelque sorte, moins extérieure que la danse, telles qu'on les comprend aujourd'hui " [Metachory, by reason of its outline, and of its form, is therefore less realistic than mimicry, more expressive than precise, less exterior than the dance as comprehended today] ; and "exprime, dans une stylisation géométrique, un drama de sentiments ou une évoultion d'idées, toujours pris dans leur sens général et jamais dans les détails matériels qu'ils suggéreraient à un danseur ordinaire " [conveys in a geometric form a drama of sensations and an evolution of ideas, always taken in their general sense and never in the material details which they suggest to an ordinary dancer], and though based on poems are never mere graphic gestures portraying incidents; as witness " Je trace, je danse uniquement dans son déroulement évolutif, l'esprit qui l'anime. Je n'en extériorise pas la lettre, mais l'esprit " [I trace, I dance solely the spirit and the life which animates them in their unfolding evolution. I do not externalise the letter but the spirit]. What Valentine de Saint-Point has achieved for the individual dance creation, Igor Stravinsky has in some sort created in the sphere of chorography. In all his early work, even the more formal symphony in E flat, and the Four Studies for Piano is apparent a marked tendency towards freedom of rhythmic expression, a tentative search for rhythmic significance. It is therefore natural not only that Stravinksy should later have turned his attention to the music of the dance, but that by so doing, being possessed of unique vitality and subtlety, he has succeeded in raising the ballet to a state truly chorographic, which it has never before occupied. In " L'Oiseau de Feu " [The Bird of Fire] Stravinsky presented a marvellous conception of movement and colour, with a striking symbol in the attempts to snare the elusive Bird-Woman. But while creating a sumptuous design of sounds, colours and rhythms, which transcend even " Scheherazade " in magnificence, the work fails to reach the level attained in his later compositions, by reason of its over-senuous appeal and the limitations of its depictive theme. The dance-poem " Petrouehka " transcends it both in internal quality, in dynamism and significance. Here we have a work directly in touch with life, the vibrant and rhythmic life of a primitive mass, the collective life of an impetuous portion of humanity, a work both expressive and penetrative. Music, movement and theme are here combined in a homogeneous scheme, which is incomparable with any dance work preceding it, a truly vital conception which only misses the height of creative achievement by reason of an over-reliance upon external forms. But the latest and greatest of Stravinsky's dance-creation, the tremendous dance tragedy, " Le Sacre du Printemps" [Consecration of Spring] surpasses even his own earlier work and gives us the first perfect and unified conception of synthetic chorography. Here we have the veritable essence of Dionysian ecstasy, the sensitivism and nervous power present in the new consciousness of the world expressed with a perfect mastery which transcends almost everything which we have hitherto understood by the term " dramatic." In all these works of Stravinsky is apparent a strong consistency of motive, an ever-growing revulsion against sentimentalism and formalism, an ever-increasing consciousness of the vital capacity of art. In the music-drama " The Emperor's Nightingale" this rebellion against inadequate and sterile conventions assumes a symbolic aspect which is at once fantastic and intensely human—at once subtly tender and ironic. The fairy tale by Andersen is in itself whimsically satirical and withal so simple and penetrative that it at once pillories and pities the thoughtless and conventional world which it satirises. The music of Stravinsky enhances the theme and shows up in strong relief the limitations of traditionalism and also evokes in the symbol of the nightingale, the spirit of freedom and joy. One has only to read the fairy tale to realise what a wonderful scope for subtle satire and delicate symbolism exists in it, and what a unique opportunity it affords for a musician of Stravinsky's calibre even when adapted for the requirements of the theatre. Take, for instance, the search for the living nightingale. " Then the frogs began to croak in the marsh. ' Beautiful,' said the Chinese chaplain, ' it is just like the tinkling of church bells.' " Or again take the wonderfully satirical moment (especially for thoughtful musicians) when the two nightingales, artificial and natural, sing together. " They did not get on very well for the real nightingale sang in its own way and the artificial one could only sing waltzes. ' There is no fault in that,' said the music master, 1 it is perfectly in time and correct in every way.' " Also the wonderful irony of the following passage— " The music master praised the bird tremendously and insisted that it was much better than the real nightingale, not only as regarded the outside with all the diamonds, but the inside too. ' Because, you see, my ladies and gentlemen, and the Emperor before all, in the real nightingale you never know what you will hear, but in the artificial one everything is decided beforehand. So it is and so it must remain; it can't be otherwise.' " The setting devised by Stravinsky is in itself uncommon. The action takes place behind a screen upon which the shadows of the performers are cast, and the vocalists are invisible. Thus it is impossible for any personal idiosyncracies on the part of the singers (and these are usually many) to interrupt the exposition of the symbolic idea. Also by the absence of material presences the spectator is enabled to concentrate upon the intellectual dramatic appeal of the action. The whole work, music, setting and theme, is distinguished by the delicate sense of values which is characteristic of all Stravinsky's work, and by reason of its ironic literary basis and dynamic musical force constitutes a striking demonstration of the vital and expansive spirit underlying modern art creation. Leigh Henry. Mr. WALTER RUMMEL, one of the most intelligent interpreters of Debussy, will play " Trois Estampes " (1913) : Pagodes, La soirée dans Grenade, and Jardins sous la pluie, " La Cathédrale Engloutie " (1910), " La Danse de Puck" (1910), "Bruyères" (1913) and " L'isle Joyeuse " at his concert at the AEolian Hall, on the afternoon of June third. Reviews. Poetry : A Magazine of Verse. THIS forlorn hope was started in Chicago about a year and a half ago. And in the dark occidental continent its editress raised the quixotic standard, " We intend to print the best poetry written in English." And the odd thing is that this provincial paper should, to some extent, have done it.I don't mean constantly or consistently, but every now and again some really good poem finds its way to the light in these small pages, and every now and again they print a presentable number. It is also safe to say that they print more important poems than all the rest of the American magazines put together. One is not much concerned with American magazines, any more than one is concerned with the colonial press. It interests one to learn that Masefield and Filson Young have arrived in New Zealand simultaneously, and that they are simultaneously hailed as " leaders " of English something or other, and in the same way, one occasionally opens an American periodical in search of the grotesque. So it is all the more surprising to find an American paper that seems every now and again, for the fraction of a number to be trying to introduce an international standard. There have been numbers of " Poetry " that bored one, let us however give praise now that we have the opportunity. The May number contains a very interesting group of poems by W. B. Yeats, nine pages, in his slightly more modern manner, harder, gaunter than his earlier work. It contains the first of the Fenollosa translations from the Japanese " Noh." It is beginning to be whispered that Ernest Fenollosa was one of the most important men of his time; that he was part, in some way, of a sort of obscure renaissance; that his work on Chinese and Japanese art was only a part of the work he accomplished as Imperial Commissioner of Arts in Japan. It is known that he left a great mass of manuscript relating to Chinese and Japanese verse. The play " Nishikigi " which appears in this number of Poetry is to be produced by Nugent Monck in England this coming September. The May " Poetry " contains also work by Cannell and Bliss Carmen, a modernish criticism of Yeats' later work and an editorial which should enlighten the foreign reader somewhat concerning the sort of imbecility which the Editress has had to contend with in her own district. From this side of the water one can only wonder, perhaps, that such odd fish as "The Dial" persist into our era, had we not their like about us, even in " Liberal " England. One must congratulate Miss Monroe on this number and one might even promise her that if she would modernise herself considerably more, and stay modernised, she might find some support from the more intelligent reader who won't be bored to subscribe to her paper as it has been, but who likes an occasional number, which is usually unprocurable in England, because there is no demand for the intermediate numbers. The current number is one of those which are worth getting. Bastien von Helmholtz. First Novels. THERE is no peace between art and any commercial system." There is no truce with Adam Zad. I do not know that there is any need to write an article on this subject but one would like to call the attention of the gentle reader to the last wheeze of " the Publisher," the general advertising of "First Novels." Is this a sincere constructive effort on the part of the publishers? Are these   persevering,   self-sacrificing philanthropists trying to find new talent; to fish up unrecognised genius from its obscurity? " In the days of Charlemagne Did the people get champagne? Guess again." Non, mes enfants. Lest any great artist rise among you, lest any man should gather to himself the power resulting from superiority there is this fresh and futile assault. They want the mediocre. They want to swell the ranks. They don't want to pay the good author his price. They have erected one barrier between literature and the public in the form of the Hall-Canite, the " popular " author. It is they who have made him, with his excessive demands for payment. And now they are trying to unmake him. One doesn't much care. It is a battle of spiders. But one does want to keep on the alert, one wants to be quite frank in the expression of one's alertness. There will be two sets of flim-flam between the serious writer and the public; between the sincere writer and the "general reader." We are to have not only the popular author but we are to have the " First-novelist " vide All the daily papers and all the publishers' catalogues. I have heard the good Hillary Belloc, or Beljoc as his ancestors would perhaps have spelled it, I have heard him complaining most eloquently that the British public so treated its poets, namely that it caressed and flattered them for a year or two in the houses of the rich and then let them starve. But now it goes over to prose. The first novelist is to be caught up, paid handsomely, led to think literature will support him, and then, as in most cases he won't have any gift, he will be dropped. He will be no good for anything else. He will fill the " ranks," he will beat down the price of good work, he will simply have to live by his pen. O cave ! That is all, merely caveat publicum, caveat scriptor. Is there any reason why we should be flooded with incompetent work? Is there any reason why Hudson for instance shouldn't be shoved down the throat of the rabble instead of this harvest of incompetents? Heaven knows Mr. Aldington's article is all too tepid in its praise of this author. Have we no good writers in England that we should be perpetually reminded of bad ones? Is English prose in the hopeless condition one might be led to suppose from any of the daily or weekly publications of this realm from the dry-rotted "Spectator" and the Giddy one-a-penny "Times" to the Goss-ridden " New Weekly "? One sits wondering what to read, one takes in despair to French authors. And yet even after one has read something not written in English and thereby disqualified oneself, for ever, from making a living from the English press—I mean one has lost one's respect for Goss, Sainstbury, Quiller-Couch and Co.—even then one comes back to read English and finds a few bearable and enjoyable and living authors, that is to say one finds Hudson, the author of the " Purple Land," and James, and F. M. Hueffer, and Conrad, and D. H. Lawrance and a "chap named Tomlinson " and James Joyce who is now in these columns, and Cunninghame-Graham. Let us hear no more of " first novelists." If " The publisher " wants to advertise his wares let him at least pretend that they have some virtue other than that of being a first emanation. Mind you this is not an attack on new writers, a writer's newness is not a fatal obstacle to his goodness. I don't in the least believe that England is destitute of authors who can stand the strain of comparison with writers abroad, nor do I believe that they are numerous, nor do I believe that they are all known to the public, but let them have honourable introduction if they are new, not this latest catch-penny trick of the shopkeeper. Baptiste von Helmholtz. June 1st, 1914 The Spider's Web.* MR. KAUFFMAN, in the preface to his latest book, " The Spider's Web," boldly announces a tract. He states that he " did not want to produce the effect of a work of art; he wanted to produce conviction of truth." Perhaps just because iie assumed the two to be incompatible, the effect produced was the reverse of what he desired. The book reminded me of a children's charade where every scene bears on " the word." In the " Spider's Web " " the word " was High Finance in an aspect of universal despotism; it was in fact the " Spider's Web " and in it every ligure, and there are many, was in one way or another inevitably caught. Though a tract is less unpalatable in plain form, rather than dished up round and about a hero, with the " Spider's Web " I persevered, for the preface had stated that this " hero," Luke Huber, " came to Dora Marsden's conclusion " as to " the futility of state-making, law-making, moral-making, when all that is of importance is life-augmenting, and that is the individual's affair." Huber sees "that only Labour creates wealth and that nothing should be robbed of a fraction of what it creates," presumably also a conclusion of Miss Marsden's. But has not Miss Marsden repeatedly told us that there are no " shoulds " in her philosophy, but only " cans " and " coulds " ? A long paragraph in the preface follows, setting forth Huber's mature views, and one gets the impression that these, also, are identical with those of the editor of this journal. He soliloquises—talking of the rule of one as against the rule of many, i.e., the tyranny of one and the tyranny of many—" Both are tools in the hands of compulsion. Both try to belittle divine humanity, the first making Man a pygmy before God and the second making Man a pygmy before a few men. There can be no crime against God, since God, or the force that created the world, is omnipotent; no crime against law, since law is an instrument of the great crime. The law a deterrent? It isn't. The statistics prove that, so far as statistics can prove anything. But you prove it yourself. Why do you try to refrain from conscious wrong? Not because you're afraid of the law in heaven or on earth—you're not a coward. You simply want to do the decent thing because it is the decent thing. The desire to do the decent thing ; that's all the religion and law there is to-day among even the people that make laws and religions for the purpose of ruling other people by them. The rulers sin only because their system has dimmed their judgment of the decent thing, and so they go on maintaining their law and their religion. The ruled will want to do the decent thing just as soon as they become responsible creatures through the abolition of these compulsions, exactly as the rulers, though dulled by keeping up their system, wanted to do it as soon as they became responsible creatures by growing above the dictates of these compulsions." All which shows that Huber has a morality; whereas, if I appreciate it rightly, The Egoist has none. " The desire to do the decent thing " I take to amount to a sort of work-a-day conscience, and, as such, as a creation to be disowned by The Egoist. I cannot picture the spring of the editor's actions as being a burning, or even a mild, desire to do the decent thing. I think, rather, she insists on doing her own thing—what it pleases or suits her to do, all things considered. " The rulers sin only," etc. Again, has not the word " sin " been crossed out of The Egoist's dictionary? Neither rulers nor ruled " sin," but the former are able to exist owing to the stupidity, mildness, " moralness," custom-boundness of the latter.It is indeed because the ruled now "The  Spider's  Web." By   Reginald Wright Kauffman. " want to do the decent thing," to " refrain from conscious wrong," that the rulers nourish; and not until the ruled give up " wanting to do the decent thing " will there be some chance of their becoming responsible creatures.Most men would rather be good and comfortable without responsibility—" well stabled and well fed," as Miss Marsden puts it— than face the anxiety and worry of having to think and act on their own initiative, and then suffer the consequences.   And as long as this is the case others, more  adventurous,   will  encourage  them   in their courses, praise their pretty virtue, and—exploit them, whether consciously or unconsciously.   Probably the rulers usually succeed in persuading themselves that they are " doing the decent thing " in their strenuous endeavours to keep the people good and virtuous and happy " in the station in life whereunto it has pleased God to call them."   "The people" must be made docile, all for their own good—it being a coincidence merely that it is also for the good of those who rule them.   One might go farther than Mr. Kauffman and say we are thus all doing the decent thing together, a very happy state, if not a very spirited one. The book itself is, as I said, arranged in a series of scenes illustrating the almightiness of Capital (or rather Usury); its universal grip; its power to run everybody, even those who own and who supposedly control it. Huber is led through a sort of Dance of Capital. He fights it, bravely and alone. He is thus the truly tragic hero, fighting single-handed against great odds and finally falling, but through it all keeping his own spirit intact—" though he slay me, yet will I not trust him." Natheless it is too much for him—kills him off. A quotation from the book will give the best idea of its matter and manner. Luke Huber, a young lawyer of " high principles," on the staff of the District Attorney of New York, sets before himself the ideal of freeing the city from corruption, and after five years' spade-work is nominated candidate of the Municipal Reform Party. In this election he " fights with every ounce of muscle and every particle of brain." " For now, as in every alley and at every turning, his political progress revealed some new though ever partial phase of the power he attacked, Luke saw all that he hated centred in one figure, originated by one mind. He individualised Evil. That entire meshwork of wrong which he was trying to tear to shreds, he traced directly to the plump, pale man in russet brown " (the head of a group of men virtually controlling industrial, financial and political America), " the malignant thing with the hairy hands and beady eyes. ... Of all the fine and fatal threads that were snaring alike the helpless and the strong, what threads were not spun by him? . . . Luke seemed to see it all now, with awful clarity. The Rollins letters, the interview in Wall Street, the action of the banks, and Osserman's hint from the City Chamberlain, the part played by the street-girl, the raid by the police, the talks with Stein and the daily partial liftings of the political curtain ; these reviewed in the lurid glow of the campaign confirmed the accumulated gossip of years, corroborated every wild story that came to him on the teeming battlefield; of bribery and thieving, of perjury and murder, of all the crimes that men have known, each committed again and again— safely committed in the dark, cravenly done under the protection of bought-and-paid-for-law. . . . The power was everywhere. It mocked religion, because It supported churches ; It debauched Government, because It governed the governors ; It destroyed Law, because It controlled the Law's administrators. It was master of the means of production and distribution ; It owned the storehouses of wealth ; the clothes upon the backs of the people, the houses that they lived in ; the meat on the tables of the rich, the bread in the bellies of the poor. It secured Its own prices for them, and withheld them as It chose. 2l6 THE EGOIST Directly or indirectly, the whole nation took Its wages—such wages as It chose to pay." Luke wages—such wages as It chose to pay." Luke, as I said, fights and falls. Let us hope that Miss Marsden's lack of any species of conscience will preserve her from any like untimely end. H. S. W. Revolutionary Maxims. ** The position of Keats among our poets is no longer questioned." —Ernest de Selincourt in the Times Literary Supplement. 11 a Francis Jommes." —Times Literary Supplement. " Leighton, who, with all his perfection of manner and his genuine goodness of heart, was a little too Olympian, and a little too cosmopolitan, to be the head of a body of British artists." —Times Literary Supplement. " Claudel almost unheard of in England." " Is there no translator brave enough to undertake ' L'Otage,' the most accessible of his plays, or ' L'Annonce Faite à Marie,' so like the poems of our own Pre-Raphaelites?" —Times Literary Supplement. " Whatever we think of the poet's message and his mission, there is enough truth, life, and poetry in these dramas to make them intensely interesting. The public which enjoys Thomas Hardy's ' Dynasts ' or Doughty's plays of Britain should not find them extraordinarily difficult." —" The Thunderer." " The burning story of Parnell's....." —Times Literary Supplement. " No one who has been privileged to visit Rio de Janeiro will dispute the appropriateness of the title given to his book." —Times Literary Supplement. " Men have been tired of the merely intellectual pastime called thinking." —Times Literary Supplement. My Country ! " Muscular effort, human dignity : these arc one to the English ; his very morality is muscular. Gradually from her page there rises the grim and colossal figure of the Englishman whom Taine after his manner evoked, awe-stricken, admiring in a ' sacred horror.' No weary Titan, he lards the earth as he treads. Mountainous, he hides lava-streams of passion beneath a pall of ice. His religion is deep, silent, sombre, entirely personal. A rebel at heart, he yet craves for authority, for certainty, that so he may clear the ground for incessant action. His is a dumb tragedy, fought within himself by his profound pride and still more profound humility. A Stoic, dogged in endurance, needing sternly to repress the fire within him, his heart is all sweet with tenderness and loyalty, though he would rather die than reveal himself." —Times Literary Supplement. "The opening chapter on Ancient Sites is a very useful and informing summary, written in just proportion and with restraint. " It is, however, the other six chapters which, to our mind, give the book a permanent value. They describe for us the dwellings, the furniture, the implements of the native Cypriotes." —Times Literary Supplement. "-has written a capital story of love and of the Stock Exchange."   —Times Literary Supplement. " Sir Sidney Col vin's discriminating comment." —Times Literary Supplement. " Among the admirers of Wagner—and who is not among them?" —'Times Literary Supplement. " But if this is, as Johnson asserts." —Times Literary Supplement. " Mr. Bowles's previous volume, entitled ' My Garden in Spring,' was eagerly bought by garden lovers and is still on sale." —Times Literary Supplement advt. " His wise counsel, learn to tolerate your own work." —Times Literary Supplement on " Dowden." Greek Art. " No one will quarrel with the statement that ' though power of expression is the artist's gift, the soul that shines through his work is the soul of a nation.' " —Times Literary Supplement. " Its ending, and the sequel—both in the life of Doris and her mother—bring out with force and restraint, and towards the close with no little pathos, the futility of this kind of theorising, and the truer and firmer principles which arc emphasized by the actual experiences of life." —Times Literary Supplement. " The open spaces of nature are the chief, but not the only, inspiration of these little pieces. Their virtue is that every one of them has in it something of original thought; the contemplative spirit which runs through them always gets from its subject something fresh and individual." —Times Literary Supplement. " THE ENGLISH SPRING." —Times Literary Supplement (headline.) " Fashions—especially literary fashions—may be trivial things in themselves ; yet in the sum-total of fashions a certain not altogether superficial tendency of the mind may be discovered." —Times Literary Supplement. " Joshua, for example, is considered under three divisions—the Faithful Servant, the Victorious Soldier, and the Resolute Reformer. Under the first we have nearly four pages devoted to a description of the man and the book which bears his name." —Times Literary Supplement. " Mr. Haile's treatment of Cardinal Allen's life is, of necessity, greatly concerned with contemporary history. " —Times Literary Supplement. " THE ROYAL ACADEMY." The Inner Life of the Royal Academy." —Times Literary Supplement, p. 231, advt. " THE ACADEMY FROM WITHIN." The Inner Life of the Royal Academy, with an account of its Schools etc." " Mr. Leslie, who is still a practising painter, is 79 years old, and as his father used to take him in to carry his brushes on varnishing days when he was a boy of nine, he has seventy years of actual Academic experience to look back upon." —Times Literary Supplement, p. 232. " More than once he will suggest to us a Pindar disguised in the mantle of St. Thomas Aquinas ; he is often as unreal as II Greco !" —Times Literary Supplement. 2l8 THE EGOIST June 1st, 1914 Prom the Celtic name of London there follows a strong presumption that there was a Celtic village or town, but as it has left no mark it was probably a small place." —Idem. " The Lue of Charles, Third Karl Stanhope." —Adv., idem, p. 236. " The Life of Charles, Third Earl Stanhope." —Times Literary Supplement, p. 234. " The poet, therefore, is no idle singer of an empty day; his heroes, too, are men of action." —Times Literary Supplement. "Too often we lind ourselves saying, ' It may be so, but, on the other hand, it may not.' " —Times Literary Supplement. Suburbia. Glum and remote in the failing light range the villas on either side of the road : Sinister, shabby genteel, each keeps its own counsel, brooding over the past. Something I know and more divine of the secrets concealed by their frowning fronts : — The dull apathetic lives of middle-aged and embittered women, Hoarding vain memories and elusive hopes, often frustrated,  growing fainter and fainter by degrees, Nursing a dull rage against destiny, against false and obtuse husbands, thankless children, slatternly maids, Fretted by small worries, debts, illnesses, creeping sometimes to the cupboard—in search of oblivion, Nothing ahead but the same dreary round ! Was it worth while to be born for this? — Tradesmen,   prosaic,   matter-of-fact, perpetually planning extensions of business and collection of overdue accounts, —¦ Commercial travellers, alternating brief snatches of domesticity and the conviviality of hotels and refreshment-room bars, — Censorious politicians, obsessed by the Nonconformist conscience, Apostrophising   Lloyd   George   as   an authentic Messiah, Carson as a visitation of Beelzebub, — Dour pietists, inflamed with a holy zeal for the amending of other folks' morals, —¦ Young women, suckled on the crude romance of the novelette and the picture palace, Dreaming hectic dreams of unflawed impossible bliss, — Youths, football mad, vaunting a loud contempt of the older generation, Secretly less cocksure than they seem and far more sentimental, Secretly vowed to the worship of some bewitching idealised shopgirl. Average men and women, in short, with average virtues and vices, Living obscure lives in their drab environment, Making the best of a rather sorry business. Whirled past in the failing light, I probe those brooding walls and unlit windows, Then, gazing ahead, lo ! where, at the end of the street, The brief day dies in a glory of rose and saffron. Charles J. Whitby. Venus and Mars. " Under all speech that is good for anything there is a silence which is better." —Carlyle. IT has been remarked in these columns that women seem to be unwilling to take part in discussions respecting chastity and other sexual questions. This silence does not make itself felt here only—it is conspicuous always. For this is a law : that the action of speech in love is not the business of passive, receptive woman. Speech is an exteriorised thing incompatible with woman's part in love. Woman draws love to herself and within her secret spirit the spiritual form of love takes shape as the child grows secretly within the womb—a shape as spiritually real as the child is physically real and equally outside the capacity and purpose of speech. For, similarly as speech would be inadequate to describe the child without figurative representation to one who was unacquainted with the phenomenon, so speech is inadequate to describe love as conceived by woman and shaped within the mould of her spiritual self. Speech is one thing, creation is another. Woman creates love and creation is not concerned with criticism. Therefore, woman, who in love is a creator in a double sense, has nought to say of it. The woman who babbles and theorises about love is not practically familiar with it, for knowledge cannot be expressed. It is hermetic. Speech is but secondary to knowledge; it is, at best, approximative, illustrative, metaphorical. Man is the agent usually needed to animate woman's latent faculties for love. He is, as it were, the breath which instils them with life—forever Prince Charming who awakens the Sleeping Beauty. And man is neither in general nor in particular an indispensable agent, for there are immaculate, as other, conceptions ! Woman loves love more than she loves man. Love is conceived within woman and born through her and man's responsibility in its spiritual manifestation is neither more nor less than in its physical. Hence love is never but a temporary incident in man's life, a part which he performs like an actor in a play. He may, therefore, step back from it and consider it—criticise it objectively. This is impossible to woman who is absorbed, overwhelmed by it. Women may spend years of their life in anticipation of love ; when it comes they brood over it, nurse it, fondle it and it leaves them more hungry than it found them. A man whose life-experience might not comprise an adventure in love may fulfil his destiny to satisfaction. A woman in the same case is an incomplete, atrophied being whose every undertaking—as a woman—will suffer from the lacuna, unless she finds compensation in mysticism. For love engenders all the feminine attributes—it moves women to piety when they are pious, it makes them gentle, beautiful, caressable, seductive, wise, resourceful, compassionate. Without love they are anomalous and a third or neutral sex (we do not say androgynous, for the androgynous are just the contrary to neuters, being a sum of the positive attributes of both sexes, while the neuter is a subtraction of either). With man, or the masculine type, love is almost exclusively a derivative; and it is a conclusion. With woman, or the feminine type, it is the opposite : a genesis with an exact spiritual and (according to civilisation, individual temperament and imagination) more or less natural equivalent to its physical expression. Woman is a depository in more senses than one. Hence the adage that, like the sphinx, she has a riddle to keep. (Oscar Wilde's mot that she is a sphinx without a riddle should be read " a sphinx who is unconscious of its riddle.") And the more or less realised guardianship of this riddle monopolises most of her faculties. Its annunciation invades her, therefore love assumes a significance in the life of the woman, Venus, it never can in that of the man, Mars. Love, expressed in one way or another, is, undeniably, woman's main preoccupation. And observe that, when it is not, it precisely is, as the saying goes, conspicuous by its absence. The presence of love in woman's life, even when exceeding the bounds of conventional tolerance, will never be so much remarked upon as its abstention : the chaste spinster is more surprising and apparently unnatural than the loosest harlot. Woman's sexual appetite may not be as keen as that of man—though more long-lived—but, sentimentally, love assumes proportions of infinitely greater magnitude in woman. It would be easy to prove this assertion by individual examples.   Consider, for instance, the detachment of men in love and the attachment of women. These have been known to fall ill and, even, die of love.   A man may commit suicide in a sudden love-attack but he does not linger.   This peculiarity is a decided obstacle in the way of woman's general competition with man in the responsible tasks which are now his monopoly. Imagine a love-stricken woman— and nearly every young woman is love-stricken on and off—in the position of engine-driver, lighthouse or signal-box keeper, at the head of an army, ship or in   any  other  function   demanding  the undivided service of all the faculties !The slightest love-preoccupation deviates a woman's attention, taking possession of her until she may be hardly master of herself.   [In love, as at all other times, men are like doctors : attentive while at the patient's side but forgetful of him the moment the door has closed behind them.  And it is right they should have this gift for centering their whole mind on the object immediately in hand.It should also be remembered that, whereas   physical   gratification   appeases the imagination of the man, the woman's ardour, while not nearly as imperious, is relentless.] The activities man has under his control could only be assumed by the Martian—and exceptional—type of woman and one in whom the wonder of love will probably abstain from working its miracles. And the fact that the woman, Venus, is unsuited for Martian activities does not, we hope, place her on an inferior plane. In our estimation she is in a realm apart—as to which is the superior or in what way, if any, we are not entitled to decide, nor is it necessary. M. C. N.B.—The above remarks will, I doubt not, awaken many contradictions and among other objections I anticipate the example of the lady-novelist. To this I will at once reply that the lady-novelist occupies herself with romance, and romance does not contain all love. Another voice I hear afar off mentions Mrs. Browning, Sappho. This I will answer that Sappho and Mrs. Browning were poets, they neither described, nor discussed, nor explained love. They simply sang it. Correspondence. Note to Correspondents.—While quite willing to publish letters under noms de plume, we make it a condition of publication that the name and address of each correspondent should be supplied to the Editor.—Ed. THE VALUE OF THE " MORAL." To the Editor The Egoist. Madam, The ethical difficulties of Mr. R. R. W., of Edinburgh, are peculiarly interesting to me, because I was once an Edinburgher myself, and I understand the immense seriousness of the Edinburgh mind on ethical questions. One of my Edinburgh relatives, who now holds one of the highest financial positions in Scotland, once told me that he had just been reading the life of Henry Fawcett, and that that statesman had greatly fallen in his opinion because of his love of skating. He had once thought very highly of Fawcett, he said ; but now that he knew of his love for skating he had come to the conclusion that he was merely "a man of pleasure." Another relative of mine, who lived near Edinburgh, disapproved of laughing. He said that if something very ludicrous suddenly came into the mind, one might be excused for laughing a few moments ; but gravity should be restored as soon as possible. A man who thought as much as he ought to do about his eternal welfare would not be able to laugh much. Mr. R. R. W. would perhaps not go quite so far as those worthies, but it is manifest that he has a very ethical type of mind. In your issue of April 15 Mr. R. R. W. says : " When human beings have for countless ages agreed to repress as far as possible such strong desires as those of sex, it is bumptious stupidity even for the Twentieth Century to throw it overboard without even finding out the reasons which led the far-away ancients to point this uneasy road." From the above I gather that your correspondent thinks that at an early period in human history a committee of benevolent old gentlemen got together round a table and framed rules for the welfare of society. After anxious consideration thev established cannibalism, slavery, chastity, the harem, the burning of witches and heretics, and all the other noble institutions which our ancestors handed down to us. The other people of that period humbly accepted these institutions, and were thankful for them. Now, however, we live in an irreverent age which pours scorn on these institutions without even inquiring why the " far- EDITORIAL. Letters, and c., intended for the Editor should be personally addressed : Ainsdale, England. PUBLICATION. All business communications relative to the publication of The Egoist should be addressed, and all cheques, postal and money orders, and c, made payable to The New Freewoman, Ltd., Oakley House, Bloomsbury Street, London, W.C, and should be crossed " Parr's Bank," Bloomsbury Branch." Terms of Subscription.—Yearly, 14/- (U.S.A. 3 dollars 50 cents); Six Months, 7/- (U.S.A., i dollar 75 cents); Three Months, 3/6 (U.S.A., 90 cents). Single Copies 7d., post free to any address in the Postal Union. ADVERTISEMENTS. All orders, letters, and c., concerning advertisements should be addressed to the Advertisement Manager, The Egoist, Oakley House, Bloomsbury Street, London, W.C. The Egoist Subscription Form. Please send me The Egoist for ...............................from.................................for which I enclose ............, and continue until countermanded. Name.................................................................................................................... Address................................................................................................................. TERMS OF SUBSCRIPTION.—Yearly, 14/-(U.S.A., 3 dollars 50 cents); Six Months, 7/-(U.S.A., 1 dollar 75 cents); Three Months, 3/6 (U.S.A., 90 cents). Single Copies 7d., post free to any address in the Postal Union. Orders should be sent to Miss Harriet Shaw Weaver, Oakley House, Bloomsbury Street, London, W.C. All Cheques, Money Orders, and Postal Orders should be crossed " Parr's Bank, Bloomsbury Branch," and made payable to The New Freewoman, Ltd. 220 THE EGOIST June 1st, 1914 away ancients " thought fit to establish them. So superficial are we, that there is not even a good book against cannibalism ; yet it has been impatiently rejected by most of the human race. As Leeky points out, the burning of witches disappeared almost without argument. Slavery was more fortunate, for it was extolled by eloquent bishops in England and America ; yet perhaps a conscientious man might feel that even slavery had not been sufficiently argued against. Now chastity is almost the only relic of these hoary institutions that remains, and there is great danger that it will be abolished as irreverently as cannibalism and witch burning. It is therefore pleasing to know that so earnest a man as Mr. R. R. W. wants to have the matter argued out. In the interests of logic I am ready to oblige him. " Men do not restrain themselves for nothing," says Mr. R. R. W. Very true. I would point out, however, that very few men have ever made the slightest attempt to restrain themselves in sexual matters. If your correspondent wants to know exactly how much the far-away ancients restrained themselves in such matters, I advise him to take a glance through the Old Testament. For modern times I recommend the study of the lives of eminent lawgivers like Marlborough, Walpole, Wellington, Melbourne, and Palmerston. In fact, no ordinarily constituted man ever dreams of restraining himself in such matters, unless there is strong pressure to make him do so. Nearly all men who have ever restrained themselves have done so from religious fear. Origen restrained himself by castration, for fear that he might go to hell. St. Augustine made desperate efforts to restrain himself, and at last succeeded at the age of thirty-three. Such persons, however, have always been laughed at as weaklings by ordinary men. What men really have done is to restrain other people sexually. Men have always been very good at that. The " far-away ancients " shut women up tight in harems, just as they shut their horses up in stables, to keep off marauders. A more cunning method has now been devised. It has been discovered that a woman can be made her own policeman, and that if she fails to police herself adequately, all the women of her acquaintance are quite willing to discharge the necessary police duties. You have probably heard how pigtails originated in China. Some centuries ago a Tartar conqueror compelled the Chinese to wear pigtails, much against their will. In time, however, they forgot the origin of pigtails, and it became the glory of a Chinaman to have a pigtail. A Chinaman who lost his pigtail was held to have lost his " honour." On numberless occasions the Chinese boasted that they were superior to the rest of the world, because the men of other nations had no pigtails. In the same way women have now discovered that it is the glory of a woman lo be chaste. They have forgotten that chastity is a badge of slavery which men imposed upon them, and they now boast that they are superior to men because they are chaste and men are not. In a certain sense we may therefore say that women have restrained themselves. In that sense, however, we may equallv say that cannibalism and slavery proceed from self-restraint. In many countries a man who is chosen to be eaten is covered with honours for some months before, and he feels himself to be enormously superior to other men. Many slaves also are enormously proud of their slavery. I would remind Mr. R. R. W. -also of the pride that Indian women take in being burned to death along with the bodies of their husbands. Suttee has long since been abolished in theory, but from time to time women of a militant type show their contempt for man-made law by burning themselves to death in obedience to a much older man-made law. I hope Mr. R. R. W. will now understand the true inwardness of chastity. I fear that it is destined to go the way of slavery and cannibalism, and that its demise will be a verv speedv one. Kelowna, B.C. R. B. Kerr. A MATTER OF FACT. To the Editor The Egoist. Madam, If Madame Ciolkowska desires to argue she must " plav the game." Either she must stick to the point and not slink round it or leave argument to her betters. A calm and healthy individual will tell Madame Ciolkowska that the point of my argument is this. In the paragraph which I quoted Madame Ciolkowska represents de Segonzac as a professed photographer. De Segonzac's study of a pair of bruisers proves that he is not a photographer. Therefore Madame Ciolkowska has misrepresented de Segonzac. So long as this picture remains to judge by I am not concerned with verbal or written evidence. It does not matter that Madame Ciolkowska spills columns of comic and irrelevant matter in a mixed language, and that de Segonzac writes letters in a foreign language and puts his address on top and his name at the bottom, the proof and truth are in the picture. If in face of this picture Madame Ciolkowska believes that de Segonzac is a photographer then clearly she is suffering from physical and mental myopia, and if de Segonzac encourages her in the belief, then he is a canting insincerity. Huntly Carter. THE  DANGERS OF OCCULTISM. To the Editor The Egoist. Madam, I trust no one will take Mr. Binns too seriously. Mr. Binns evidently believes in a general djinn like Jehovah having droits du Seigneur over all his female connections.   If the gay droits du Seigneur over all his female connections. Mr. Binns objects to M. De Gabalis, permit me to object to Mr. Binns. Ezra Pound. " DIVINE." To the Editor, The Egoist. Madam, The artist is no more " divine " than the amoeba, nor his expression of himself than the amoeba's turning of itself inside-out in obedience to the suggestion of environment. Either everything is divine or nothing is. The artist, as the amoeba, is simply a specially individualised form of life that fits into its place in the unity of the manifestation of all life, and the one is no more " divine "—is of no more value, as to degree or quality, than the other ; just as no one electron in the universe is of any more value than another; they are all equally necessary to the whole manifestation of the Divine. Alice Groff. MARRIAGE AND ITS RIVALS. To the Editor The Egoist. Madam, M. E. A.'s question is not very clear, but I think he wants to ask me if the dislike of pain is not one cause of the seemingly-objectless restraints put by communities on the sex-instincts of individuals. (I said distrust of pleasure was the main cause.) Yes, dislike of pain and cruelty causes the sane restraints. It makes everyone condemn rape, or the transmission of disease, or seduction with desertion, because they are cruel. But 1 do not think these were in dispute. What R. R. W. asked was whether there was not some good reason for the other kind of restraints, the foolish unjust forbiddings of quite voluntary private arrangements. I hope R. R. W. is now convinced of their needlessness ; they would fit very badly into the Individualist state which he outlines in your issue of 15th May, and which I would very much like to see in being. I did not say the distrust of pleasure was the only cause, even of the foolish restraints. Some causes are quite independent; for instance the race prejudice which forbids a pair of lovers of different colours to mate in Louisiana or Georgia ; the female trade-unionism which makes a pariah of any woman who accepts anything less than lifelong maintenance ; the male trade-unionism which condemns polygamy ; the love of power, which claims wife, husband, or children as a form of property ; and (the only good one of the lot) the recognition of a baby's right to know who his father was. But, though all these exist, I believe the dread of pleasure is a stronger support of the great idol Purity than all the others put together. M. E. A. says something about disease. Does he mean syphilis and its kin? If so—well, I am 48 and fairly experienced, and I say there is no more reason to meddle with sex-freedom in order to prevent syphilis, etc., than to forbid us to bathe without a certificate in order to prevent us from drowning. I cannot swim ; I have bathed many times, in lake, river, and sea, and am not drowned yet. But if there had been fussy authorities and a fierce Mrs.  Grundy,  asking at every turn, Are you a certified swimmer?" I suspect I would be drowned by now ; for I would have been too busy dodging the police to be very careful in choosing safe waters. Cumberland. C. Harpur. THE Magic Carpet ALLEN UPWARD. This painted poster Has snatched me from Trafalgar Square. To camels fording Asia streams, Laden with woven dreams. The soul of Persia dyes the wool: The heart of the sad old Astronomer Bleeds once again beneath the maiden's foot ENVOY : --and Sons. There is more poetry in your advertisement Than many numbers of our best Reviews. [All Rights Reserved.] Printed by Robert Johnson and Co., Ltd., 28, Tulketh Street, Southport, and published by the Proprietors. The New Freewoman, Ltd.,   at Oakley House, Bloomsbury Street, London, W.C.