The Crisis The CRISIS Vol. 19—No. 3 JANUARY, 1920 Whole No. 111 ONE DOLLAR AND A HALF A YEAR FIFTEEN CENTS A COPY I RESOLVE T O JOIN the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People if I am not already a member. TO RENEW promptly my membership for 1920 if I was formerly a member. TO WORK as never before for equal justice to all men regardless of the color of their skins. TO REALIZE the inherent and acquired characteristics of merit of the colored race and shake off the apologetic air which T sometimes assume when the Negro is criticized and maligned. TO SEEK the truth about the Negro, whether favorable or unfavorable, and help counteract with facts the lying propaganda against him being spread by his enemies. TO VOTE for men who are square on the Negro problem and against those whose service consists solely of pretty but meaningless phrases. TO STAMP OUT that type of Negro leader who will sell out his race for personal gain. TO KEEP this resolution. National Association for the Advancement of Colored People President Secretary MOORFIELD STOREY JOHN R. SHILLADY Chairman Board of Directors Director of Publications and Research MAR Y WHITE OVINGTON Acting Treasurer DR. W. E. B. DUBOIS MAJO R T. E. Spingarn Field Secretary JAMES WELDON JOHNSON Assistant Secretary WALTER F. WHITE National Office: 70 Fifth Avenue, New York, N. Y. SIXTY-FOUR PAGES AND COVER. TH E CRISIS A RECORD OF THE DARKER RACES PUBLISHED MONTHLY AND COPYRIGHTED BY THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE, AT 70 FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK CITY. CON DUCTED BY W. E. BURGHARDT DU BOIS: JESSIE REDMON FAUSET. LITERARY EDITOR; AUGUSTUS GRANVILLE DILL, BUSINESS MANAGER. Vol. 19-No. 3 JANUARY, 1920 Whole No. 111 PICTURES Page COVER. WOMAN OF SANTA LUCIA. Photograph by Brown &amp; Dawson. THE RAVINE AT WILBERFORCE 111 PARADE OF NEGRO UNION MEN 114 RECEPTION TO MRS. A. W. HUNTON 121 THE ST. PAUL, MINN., FOLK-SONG COTERIE 124 MEN OF THE MONTH 127 SIX NOTABLE NEGRO BUILDINGS 132-133 A NATIVE OF FUMBAN 135 ARTICLES THE SUCCESS OF NEGRO MIGRATION. Walter F. White 112 THE MURDER ON NINTH AVENUE. A Story 115 WHERE ELIZA CROSSED THE ICE. Illustrated. Felix J. Koch 118 TH E OPTIMIST. A Poem. Ethyl Lewis 120 THE CATHOLIC CHURCH AND THE NEGRO PRIEST. George J. Mac-William 122 ORIFLAMME. A Poem. Jessie Fauset 123 CALLING DREAMS. A Poem. Georgia Douglas Johnson 134 DEPARTMENTS OPINION 105 THE OUTER POCKET 123 MEN OF THE MONTH 126 NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE 129 THE LOOKING GLASS 136 THE HORIZON 145 THE FEBRUARY CRISIS The February CRISIS will contain an article on "Prehistoric Negroids," by Dr. Frances Hoggan; "The End of Jim Waters"; a double-paged photograph of the Sudanese deputation to the King of England, and "The Centenary of a Negro Congregationalist Church," by Rev. Edward F. Coin. FIFTEEN CENTS A COPY; ONE DOLLAR AND A HALF A YEAR FOREIGN SUBSCRIPTIONS TWENTY-FIVE CENTS EXTRA RENEWALS: The date of expiration of each subscription is printed on the wrapper. When the subscription is due, a blue renewal blank is enclosed. CHANGE OF ADDRESS: The address of a subscriber can be changed as often as desired. In ordering a change of address, both the old and the new address must be given. Two weeks' notice is required. MANUSCRIPTS and drawings relating to colored people are desired. They must be accompanied by return postage. If found unavailable they will be returned. Entered as second class matter November 2, 1910, at the post office at New York, New York, under the Act of March 3, 1879. 102 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER National Training School DURHAM, NORTH CAROLINA A School for the Training of Colored Young Men and Women for Service Though it is young in history, the Institution feels a just pride in the work thus far accomplished, for its graduates are already filling many responsible positions, thus demonstrating the aim of the school to train men and women for useful citizenship. DEPARTMENTS ALREADY ESTABLISHED TheTheTheThe Grammar School The Teacher Training Department  Academy The Divinity School  School of Arts and Science* The Commercial Department  Department of Music The Department of Home Economics The Department of Social Service TER M OPENED SEPTEMBER 22, 1919 For farther information and Catalog, address President James E. Shepard, The Cheyney Train ing School for Teachers CHEYNEY, PENNA. A normal school of high grade for young colored men and women of good abilities, who desire to prepare themselves to be teachers. Courses include the regular academic and professional subjects, and special departments in domestic art, domestic science, manual training and agriculture. Board and tuition $125. Next regular term began Thursday, September 18, 1919. Summer school for teachers in active service, four weeks beginning July 1. Board and tuition for the month $20.00. For further particulars and catalog write Durham, North Carolina 1888 1919 St. Paul Normal and Industrial School LAWRENCEVILLE, VA. Thirty -Second Session OPENED SEPTEMBER 1919 COURSES Primary, Grammar School, Normal, Industrial Graduates receive State High School Certificate which will admit to Standard Normal Schools and Colleges SUMMER SCHOOL FOR TEACHERS EXTENSIVE TRADE COURSES Athletic Training, Football, Baseball, Tennis, Etc. FULL COURSE IN MILITARY TRAINING For Catalog and Further Information address Rev. James S. Russell, D. D., Leslie Pinckney Hill , Principal,Cheyney, Penna. Principal LAWRENCEVILLE, VA. Mention T he Crisis. 103 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER MOREHOUSE COLLEGE Atlanta University (Formerly Atlanta Baptist College) Is beautifully located In the City of Atlanta, Qa. The courses of study Include High School, normal ATLANTA, GA. School and Collage, with Manual training and doCollege, Academy, Divinity School mestic science. Among the teachers are graduated of Yale, Harvard, Dartmouth and Wellesley. Fifty A n institution famous within recent years years of successful work have bees completed. for its emphasis on all sides of manly develop Students some from all parti of the south. Graduates are almost universally successful. For further Information address President EDWARD T. WARE ATLANTA GA. Lincoln University Trains Leaders Among its graduates in Chicago— DR. GEORGE CLEVELAND HALL, of the Provident Hospital, is called the foremost citizen of his race. COL. FRANKLIN A. DENISON, now Assistant State Attorney General, led his regiment at St. Mihiel and in the Argonne. REV. MOSES H. JACKSON, D.D., holds the record for continuous pastoral service in the city. For catalog and information address President John B. Rendall, D.D. LINCOLN UNIVERSITY Chester County, Pa. 1870 1919 CLARK UNIVERSITY ATLANTA, GEORGIA Beautiful campus overlooking the city. Comfortable buildings with modern conveniences; talented faculty; vigorous, religious atmosphere; excellent library and laboratories; co-educational; athletics. Admission only by application. Courses of Study: Domestic Science. Public. Speaking. Music;Pre- Acad e my. Seventh and Eighth Grades. Academy or High School, four years with diploma. Pre- Medical, two years above academy. Normal, two years above academy with diploma. College, four rears with A B degree. Fiftieth year opened September 24, 1919. Expenses, $15.00 per month will cover all necessary expenses. HARRY ANDREWS KING, President. The Florida Agricultural and Mechanical College Offers courses to leading certificates, diplomas and degrees. Nathan B. Young, President Tallahassee, Florida COMPETENT BOOKKEEPER WANTED Young man with special training in bookkeeping. Superior equipment rather than experience desired. Address: A  GRANVILLE DILL UGU STUS Business Manager TH E CRISIS 70 FIFTH AVENUE NEW YORK, N. Y. Mention ment—the only institution in the far South devoted solely to the education of Negro young men. Graduates given high ranking by greatest northern universities. Debating, Y . M . C. A., athletics, all live features. For information, address JOHN HOPE, President. FISK UNIVERSITY NASHVILLE. TENN. Founded 1866 Thorough Literary, Scientific, Educational, Musical and Social Science Courses. Pioneer in Negro music. Special study in Negro life. Ideal and sanitary buildings and grounds. Well-equipped Science building. Christian home life. High standard of independent manhood and womanhood. For literature, etc., write FAYETTE AVERY McKENZIE, President BIDDLE UNIVERSITY CHARLOTTE. N. C Biddle University. operated under the auspices of the Northern Presbyterian Church, has fourDepartments—High and Industrial. The completion of a Grammar School course is the requirement for entrance to the first Tear of the High School. The School of Arts and Sciences offers two course, of study, the Classical and the Scientific, i n the scientific. German Is substituted for Greek or Latin. The entrance requirement for the Freshman Class Is 15 units of High School work. The Theological Department offers two courses, each consisting of three years. The first is purely English, Greek and Hebrew are taught In the others. Al l students In the High School Dept. are repaired to take trades In the Industrial Dept. For further Information, address President H. L. MeCraray, Charlotte. N. C Morris Brown University Atlanta, Ga. Co-Educational The largest institution of learning in the South owned and controlled by Negroes. Faculty of special ists, trained in some of the best universities in the North and in the South. Noted for high standard of scholarship; industrial emphasis and positive Chris tian influence. Well equipped dormitories; sane athletics under faculty supervision. Expenses rea sonable. Location central and healthful. Departments: Theology, College Preparatory, Nor mal, Commercial, Musical, Domestic Science, Nurse Training Sewing, Printing and Tailoring. First Semester began September 10, 1919, For further information address W. A. FOUNTAIN, President BISHOPJ. S. Flipper, Chairman Trustee Board TH E CRISIS. 104 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER STATE OF NEW JERSEY Wiley University MANUAL TRAINING And INDUSTRIAL SCHOOL FOR COLORED YOUTH BORDENTOWN, N. J. A high institution for the training of colored youth. Excellent equipment, thorough instruction, wholesome surroundings. Academic training for all students. Courses in carpentry, agriculture and trades for boys, including auto repairing. Courses in domestic science and domestic art for girls. A new trades building, thoroughly equipped. New girls' dormitory thoroughly and modernly equipped. Terms reasonable. Fall term began September 15, 1919. For information address W. R. VALENTINE, Principal The Agricultural &amp; Technical College of North Carolina Maintained by the State and Federal Government For males only. Practical and Strong Courses by the following Departments: Agricultural, Mechanical, Academic, Teacher Training, and Military. Summer School for teachers of both sexes. Write today for catalog. JAS. B. DUDLEY, President, Greensboro, N. C. Marshall, Texas Recognized as a college of first class by Texas, Louisiana, Arkansas and Oklahoma State Boards of Education. Harvard, Boston University, University of Illinois and University of Chicago represented on its faculty. One hundred twenty-seven in College Department, session 1919-1020. Several new buildings, steam heated and electric lighted. M . W. DOGAN, President COLEMAN COLLEGE GIBSLAND, LA. Supported by Baptist State Woman's Home Mission Society of Chicago and Boston and A. B. H. Society of New York. Students from six different states. Graduates exempted on first grade by Louisiana, Arkansas and Oklahoma. O. L. COLEMAN, President ST. MARY'S SCHOOL An Episcopal boarding- school for girls, under the direction of the sisters of St. Mary. Address: TH E SISTER. -IN- CHARGE, 6138 Germantown Avenue, Philadelphia, Pa. The CRISIS Calendar 1920 ONTAINS 12 pages of pictures of Negro American heroes of the Great War, with medals and citations. The cover is a reproduction of Roscoe C. Jamison's monumental poem "Negro Soldiers." The months and days are printed from hand-drawn plates made by a famous artist for special use in this CRISIS calendar. The whole calendar is done in brown—• beautiful, artistic, and historically valuable. PRICE 50 CENTS EACH The CRISIS 70 FIFTH AVE., NEW YORK, N. Y. Mention The Crisis. THE CRISIS Vol. 19-No. 3 JANUARY, 1920 Whole No. 111 Opinion BROTHERS, COME NORTH of W.E.B. DuBois THE migration of Negroes from South to North continues and ought to continue. The North is no paradise—as East St. Louis, Washington, Chicago, and Omaha prove; but the South is at best a system of caste and insult and at worst a Hell. With ghastly and persistent regularity, the lynching of Negroes in the South continues— every year, every month, every day; wholesale murders and riots have taken place at Norfolk, Longview, Arkansas, Knoxville, and 24 other places in a single year. The outbreaks in the North have been fiercer, but they have quickly been curbed; no attempt has been made to saddle the whole blame onhave taken place are today safer and better for Negroes than ever before. In the South, on the other hand, the outbreaks occurring daily but reveal the seething cauldron beneath—the unbending determination of th e whites to subject and rule the blacks, to yield no single inch of their determination to keep Negroes as near slavery as possible. There are, to be sure, Voices in the South—wise Voices and troubled Consciences; souls that see the utter futility and impossibility of the southern program of race relations in work and travel and human intercourse. But these voices are impo tent. Behold, Brough of Arkansas. He was an original leader of the most promising recent group which sought Sense and Justice in the race problem—"The University Commission on Southern Race Questions." He said, as chairman: "As an American citizen the Negro is entitled to life, liberty, and the pursuit of 105 happiness, and the equal protection of our laws for the safeguarding of these inalienable rights. . . . None but the most prejudiced Negro-hater, who oftentimes goes to the extreme of denying that any black man can have a white soul, would controvert the proposition that in the administration of quasi-public utilities and courts of justice the Negro is entitled to the fair and equal protection of the law. . . . The meanest Negro on a southern plantation is entitled to the same consideration in the administration of justice as the proudest scion of a cultured cavalier." Yet when he ran for Governor of Arkansas, he vehemently denied and explained away his liberal Negro sentiments,—and when the "uprising" occurred in Phillips County, he let the slave barons make their own investigation, murder the innocent, and railroad ignorant, honest labor Negroes ; and the cities where riot ers to imprisonment and death in droves; contrast this with the actions of Governor Lowden of Illinois and Mayor Smith of Omaha! On the other hand, we win through the ballot. We can vote in the North. We can hold office in the North. As workers in northern establishments, we are getting good wages, decent treatment, healthful homes an d schools for our children. Can we hesitate? COME NORTH! Not in a rush—not as aimless wanderers, but after quiet investigation and careful location. The demand for Negro labor is endless. Immigration is still cut off and a despicable and indefensible drive against all foreigners is shutting the gates of opportunity to the outcasts and victims of Europe. Very good. We will make America pay for her Injustice to us and to the poor foreigner by pouring into the open doors of mine and factory in increasing numbers. Troubles will ensue with white unions and householders, but remem THE CRISIS ber that the chief source of these He could, naturally, say: I do not troubles is rooted in the South; a milWAN T to marry this woman of anlion Southerners live in the North. other race, and this is what 999 black These are the ones who by open and men out of every thousand DO say. secret propaganda fomented trouble Or a woman may say: I do not want in these northern centers and are still to marry this black man, or this red at it. They have tried desperately to man, or this white man,—this she has make trouble in Indianapolis,Cleveland, Pittsburgh, Philadelphia, Bal the absolute and unquestionable right to say. But the impudent and vicious timore, and New York City. demand that all colored folk shall  of This is a danger, but we have learned how to meet it by unwavering self-defense and by the ballot. Meantime, if the South really wants the Negro and wants him at his best, it can have him permanently, on these terms and no others: 1.	 The right to vote. 2.	 The abolition of lynching. 3.	 Justice in the courts. 4.	 The abolition of "Jim-Crow" cars. 5.	 A complete system of education, free and compulsory. "SEX EQUALITY" THE Department of Justice has discovered a new crime,— "Sex Equality." This is not, as one might presume, equal ity of men and women, but it is the impudence of a man of Negro descent asserting his right to marry any human being who wants to marry him. With bated breath, Mr. Palmer (who has no power to prevent or punish lynching and who permits peonage to flourish untouched in Arkansas) tells an astonished Senate of this new sign of "Red" propaganda among blacks. Nonsense! Mr. Palmer is mistaken in assuming that it took a world war to make the Negro conscious of such an elementary right. No Negro with any sense has ever denied his right to marry another human being, for the simple reason that such denial would be frank admission of his own write themselves down as brutes by a general assertion of their unfitness to marry other decent folk is a nightmare born only in the haunted brain of the bourbon South and transmitted by some astonishing power to the lips of the Attorney General of the United States. "OUR"SOUTH ONE of the surprising self- deceptions of the whit e Southerners is illustrated by this story of the war: Becausepopulation, a government shipbuilding yard was brought to Wilmington, N. C., during the late war. The city congratulated itself, but balked finally at providing Negro workingmen with adequate housing. At a public meeting they lauded the whites and their enterprise to the skies, but complained to the government agents of the "burden" of the Negro—the black half of their population, said one pompous orator, was a "liability and not an asset." "Well," replied an unimaginative northern Colonel, who wanted ships built instead of talk, "if it wasn't for this liability, you wouldn't have gotten this ship-yard!" The fundamental error of the white South thus shown is seen in the assumption that AL L property is WHIT E property; that they benevolently "give" Negroes work; that they let them walk THEI R streets and inferiority. For a man to stand up and say: I am not physically or morally or mentally fit to marry this woman, who wishes to marry me, would be a horrible admission. No healthy, decent man,—white, black, red, or blue—could for a moment admit so monstrous a fact. "pay for" their schools. In economic thought the South is 100 years behind the civilized world. In what civilized land today can a ruling aristocracy deny a mass of eight million laborers an absolute right to education, to public institutions, and even to a voice in the use OPINION 107 and distribution of "private" prop erty? RACE PRIDE OUR friends are hard—very hard—to please. Only yesterday they were preaching "Race Pride." "Go to!" they said, and be PROUD of your race. If we hesitated or sought to explain— "Away," they yelled; "Ashamed-of-Yourself and Want-to-be-White!" Of course, the Amazing Major is still at it, but do you notice that others say less,—because they see that bullheaded worship of any "race," as such, may lead and does lead to curious complications? For instance:gaining new faith in themselves; they are beginning to "like" themselves; I WAS reared in an atmosphere they are discovering that the current theories and stories of "backward" peoples are largely lies and assumptions ; that human genius and possibility are not limited by color, race, or blood. What is this new self-consciousness leading to ? Inevitably and directly to distrust and hatred of whites; to demands for self-government, separation, driving out of foreigners,—"Asia for the Asiatics," "Africa for the Africans," and"Negro officers for Negro troops!" No sooner do.whites see this unawaited development than they point out in dismay the inevitable consequences: "You lose our tutelage," "You spurn our knowledge," "You need our wealth and technique." They point out how fine is the world role of Elder Brother. Very well. Some of the darker brethren are convinced. They draw near in friendship; they seek to enter schools and churches; they would mingle in industry,—when lo! "Get out," yells the White World—"You're not our brothers and never will be"— "Go away, herd by yourselves"— "Eternal Segregation in the Lord!" Can you wonder, Sirs, that we are a bit puzzled by all this and that we are asking gently, but more and more insistently: Choose one or the other horn of the dilemma: 1. Leave the black and yellow world alone. Get out of Asia, Africa, and the Isles. Give us our states and towns and sections and let us rule them undisturbed. Absolutely segregate the races and sections of the world. Or—  2. Let the world meet as men with men. Give utter Justice to all.Extend men according to their individual desert. Let it be possible for whites to rise to the highest positions in China and Uganda and blacks to the highest honors in England and Texas. Here is the choice. Which will you have, my masters ? Today Negroes,Indians, Chinese, and other groups ENGLAND of admiration—almost of ven eration—for England. The New England of my birth and day was English in its soul: its speech was more English than American; its history was an extension of English history; its law was English tradi tion ; its town government was of English ancestry. Our reverence for England was increased rather than diminished by distance and lack of actual contact and also, I regret to remember, by the then current dislike of the Irish. Since those days I have visitedEngland many Englishmen. With all the world, I have admired the Englishman of birth and breeding and felt the strange might and attraction of the Empire on which the sun never sets. But—and that "hut" did not come from the coldness of the English manner, for I had been prepared for that by our own New England unemotional standards—but I remember once in Glasgow, seeing a young, beautiful woman lying in the gutter and a policeman kicking her. For a moment, I felt like murder. She was just a drunken prostitute, but— Of course, Glasgow is not England and the East End is not London; but from that day a certain doubt of Ev 108 THE land found a place in my consciousness. Then I was in Paris at the time of the Peace Conference. There was no doubt but what England was getting more out of the Peace than anyone else and the reason was clear: She had better trained statesmen and they knew what they wanted and got it. But there was in their methods a sort of calm, grim power that I feared. I have always looked on England as the best administrator of colored peoples and laid her success to her system of Justice. But here, again, I am beginning to waver. I have talked to Indians, to Egyptians, to West and South Africans, and they have left a great, dull doubt in my mind—a feeling of world apprehension. Finally, there comes to me from English sources this terrible tale of theft, murder, and outrage done by Englishmen to Negroes, unrebuked by English government and unprotested for a generation. English missionaries long ago entered the land of the Matabele and Mashona peoples, in the Zambese basin. An English company in 1889 was allowed to enter, on the express condition that it regard native law and land rights. Yet today 800,000 Negroes of this country, now called Rhodesia, have absolutely no title to 90 million acres of their own land! As Englishmen themselves write: "The land rights of the natives have been appropriated simply by fraud and theft—that is the beginning and end of the whole sordid story." If we turn from Africa to Asia, CRISIS ministration and interest on capital an amount estimated at from $100,000,000 to $200,000,000. Her new budget calls for the expenditure of more than $200,000,000 on the military—about 48 per cent, of the total budget." Need we add Ireland, Egypt, West Africa, and the West Indies to this tale? No. England has sinned against dependent and backward people to an unbelievable extent. Tory England sinned, Liberal England sinned, and Labor England may easily continue the story. There are but two paths out:Ireland, independent, self-governing states. Home rule must be granted to the West Indians and civilized West Africa. The natives of South Africa must be delivered from the Union of South Africa. Either this, or the world must gird itself anew to meet a tyranny which looms as portentous as the God-defying dreams of Germany er bitterness, because it involves the up-striving and embittered darker races of the whole earth. THE AMERICAN LEGION, AGAIN The American Legion is a na tional organization destined to be one of the most powerful instruments of public opinion and action in the United States. It is absolutely necessary that Negro soldiers join it and maintain their membership and sit in its councils. This is now possible in three- fourths of the forty-five states of the Union. In a few states, notably South what do we see? The WorldTomorrow tells us: Carolina, Alabama, and Virginia, ef "India contains some 300,000,000 people. The average per capita income is $10 per annum. On the basis of prices at the end of 1916, rice sufficient for one meal a day would cost $10.95 per annum. Taxes on the basis of the new budget average about $1.40 per capita. Is it any wonder that large sections of the population are living under famine conditions, that between 5,000,000 and 7,000,000 of these undernourished people died of influenza, and that 75,000,000 are receiving barely one square meal in two days? This starving people contributes to Imperial Britain in drain of one sort or another for the benefits of ad fort is still being made to excludeNegroes. constitution of the League and in the long run it cannot stand. Yet some shortsighted Negroes are inclined to give up joining theAmerican convention did not compel the bourbon South to accept Negro legionaries. The convention ought to have done this. It was a burning shame that it did not; but since it did not, it is our duty to COMPE L the next convention OPINION 109 to do so. We must not give up. We plaining because the schools are not cannot give up. Shall we give up our mixed. Sixthly, that "the black man right to vote in New York andMassachusetts because it is denied in Texas lived for uncounted centuries in Africa and Louisiana? No. Fight harder. Agitate, protest—join the American Legion and never give it one hour's peace until every black soldier is a member. THE MACON TELEGRAPH much as improved the make-up of an arrow, coined a new word, or crept an inch nearer to a spiritual religion." And, finally, that Dr. Moton should start a new magazine at Tuskegee the Negroes about how well things are going on or can be made to go between the races." The Macon, Georgia, Daily Telegraph, a widely-read white publication, has often done TH E CRISIS the honor of quoting and criticizing its words. Some of these remarks we have from time to time reprinted, but they have hardly seemed to call for an answer. Usually they answered themselves. Last September, however, theTelegraph published a leading editorial column and a half long, which illustrates so well the deliberate misunderstanding of the aspirations of the amongNegroes. Negro by the White South that it deserves a reply. The Telegraph asserts in brief, first, that TH E CRISIS is responsible for the present racial unrest in the South and that if "a really serious race clash" should break out there that "the blood will be on its head." Secondly, that "Du Bois hates white men because they are white and he is black" and that our fight against "segregation, Jim-Crowism, and division of the races" proves this. Thirdly, that the South wants the Negro to practice economy, thrift, and the steady acquisition of property and "will do everything to help and furthMacon. er that development," while THE CRISIS wants "social equality." Fourthly, that TH E CRISIS deliberately plays up "the one-tenth of one per cent, of trouble" in the South and "ignores the ninety-nine and nine-tenths of continued and growing organization on a better basis for both races." Fifthly, that Negro schools in the South are supported by white men's taxes, while TH E CRISIS is com We quote this extraordinary indictment at length because while the editor of the Telegraph cannot possibly believe it true, thousands of his white readers do; and millions of other white Southerners hold similar beliefs. Now, therefore, to our answers. First, TH E CRISIS is not responsible for the present unrestfranchisement, lynching, "Jim-Crow" cars, and wide-spread and continuous injustice of southern whites toward blacks. TH E CRISIS is responsible for spreading the knowledge of this crime and injustice and urging Negroes and whites to protest against it. Secondly, opposition to segregation in homes, travel, and work does not show that Negroes are ashamed of their color and race. It merely shows that they have sense enough to know that if their homes are confined to the Negro quarter, they will get no sewerage or police protection, no paving or lights, and that white prostitutes will be openly housed next to their schools and churches, as was the case inpaying first-class fares for third-class railway accommodations, and that starvation wages result from a color line in work and ability. Thirdly, there is no doubt but that large numbers of white Southerners see a solution of the race problem in the upbuilding of a thrifty., contented, home-owning peasantry. But they are not THE CRISIS willing to pay the price, and that price is Law and Order, Justice in the courts, decent schools, and mutual self-respect; instead of this, the South over large areas and in numberless cases caters to the mob, has a double standard of justice, provides wretched schools or none at all, and drives out self-respecting and law-abiding Negroes, who will not cheerfully submit to insult. Fourthly, TH E CRISIS does not consciously exaggerate southern conditions. The editor has lived fifteen years in the South, has visited every Southern State, and has made painstaking studies into social conditions. It is true, and it ought to be true, that if among ten men, a murder occurs, those who would better human life say more about the one dead man than about the nine living. This because the murder rate of one in ten is too high for a civilized community. So, too, when TH E CRISIS attacks lynching, it does not forget that of the 1,200,000 Negroes in Georgia, in 1918, only nineteen were lynched. But TH E CRISIS remembers that a single human being illegally done to death by a mob in any state is an indictment of government so severe as to call for protest and agitation. It is perfectly true that most white Southerners are not lynchers, but it is just as true that most of them will not consent to the one step which will stop lynching—punishment of lynchers. So, too, while peace and prosperity rule wide regions of the South and kindly and helpful race relations exist, yet it is also true that the amount of racial friction and unrest, the human hatred and insult, the poverty, the fighting, murder and maiming, the crime, sorrow, and despair, reach a height which makes the problem of race relations in the South the most portentous social problem in the United States. Fifthly, It is untrue that Negro schools are supported by white taxes in the South. This is a blatant falsehood which has been disproven again and again. Charles L . Coon, a southern white school superintendent, found in 1909, that Negroes in eleven Southern States, forming over 40% of the school population, got less than 15% of the school fund, and in the state of Georgia he proves that $647,582 of the school fund of 1907 was due Negroes as their share of direct and indirect taxes, while only $506,170 was spent on their schools, and he concludes that the southern white man cannot maintain that he is supporting Negro schools. Sixthly, as to Africa and the Negro, we appeal from the Anthropology of Macon to that of Dr. Franz Boas, a professor of Anthropology in ColumbiaUniversity, "An unbiased estimate of the anthropological evidence so far brought forward does not permit us to countenance the belief in a racial inferiority which would unfit an individual of the Negro race to take his part in modern civilization. We do not know of any demand made on the human body or mind in modern life that anatomical or ethnological evidence would prove to be beyond the powers of the Negro." Boaz adds: "It seems likely that at a time when the European was still satisfied with rude stone tools, the African had invented or adopted the art of smelting iron." A volume in the Home University Library says: "That Negro peoples were the beginners of civilization along the Ganges, the Euphrates, and the Nile, seems proven. Early Babylon was "The Assyrians show a distinct Negroid strain, and early Egypt was predominately Negro." Finally, we would welcome a monthly edited by R. R. Moton on the lines suggested by the Telegraph. But we opine that it would omit the semiannual report of lynchings, which Tuskegee sends out to the world. THE RAVINE AT WILBER FORCE THE SUCCESS OF NEGRO MIGRATION WALTER F. WHITE Chicago, and Omaha. Played up by the SELDO M has there been, a moreinteresting change of attitude than that of the southern press, these riots were used to South with regard to the migratory move urge Negroes to return southward and to ment of Negroes during the past four keep those who yet remained in the South. years. When the war caused an appreci News articles appeared in profusion, headable decrease in the number of European ed: "NEGROES ANXIOUS TO RETUR N immigrants and created an industrial void, SOUTH," "TO GIVE LOUISIANA an economic opportunity in northern indus BLACKS IN CHICAGO CHANCE TO trial centers was offered to the southern RETURN," "CHICAGO NEGROES ASK, colored man for the first time. The depart HOMES IN SOUTH AGAIN," and a few ure of a small number of Negroes caused with captions such as "CAROLINA some southern newspapers to utter paeans WANTS BLACKS, LESS 'EQUALITY' of praise, whether sincere or not. They DREAMS," "NEGRO LABOR WANTED," felt that the old doctrine of settling race and "MAGNOLIA STATE INVITES relations by deporting Negroes to Africa, WANDERING NEGROES HOME." long since abandoned by sensible persons, Commissions were sent from Southern might be of value still and that the jourStates—Mississippi, Louisiana, and others ney North was but one step towards rid—to furnish railroad fare to those Negroes ding America of the "vicious, indolent, and who had found northern opportunity an il criminal blacks." lusive mirage. To their surprise, they found that instead of wanting to return, A second stage occurred when the em Negroes were well content, earning good wages, comfortably housed in many cities, ployer of the South found that he was un able to employ as many Negro laborers as and saving money. When reminded of formerly, and when his wife discovered, race riots in the North, their answer was much to her horror, that she no longer similar to that of a Chicago colored man, could secure house servants with the ease of who replied, "If I've got to be killed, I former years. About this time southern would rather be killed by my friends." The papers began carrying pitiful and heartuniversality of this feeling is evidenced by rending tales of deluded southern Negroes an inquiry made by the Chicago Branch of starving and freezing in the North and edithe National League on Urban Conditions torials appeared, gloatingly based on such Among Negroes into the motives actuating stories, repeating the moth eaten story of all Negroes who left that city on railroads the South being the Negro's best and only during the week of the riot in July and friend. August. During that week 261 Negroes When ','iis propaganda failed to check the came to Chicago and 219 left. Of the latter increasing exodus, southern employers benumber only 14 left the city on account of came frantic and began a persecution of the the riot and not one was going South, but few labor agents working in the South, who to other points in the North. Eighty-three were "fooling our Negroes to their doom of the 219 were going South, but in every by urging them to leave." Not realizing case they were either returning from sum that the movement was a leaderless one and mer vacations, visiting, or going on busi that it was the natural result of the eco ness. nomic law of supply and demand, affecting the labor world in the North, they failed utSo much has been said and with so little terly to appreciate that the economic pull foundation in fact about the Negro migrant from the North, added to the oppressive that an inquiry has been made by theNational push from the South, was taking the Negro Colored People into his progress in certain away. industrial centers of the North. These inA welcome aid to their theories, or lack clude Chicago, Pittsburgh, Detroit, Cleveof them, was the race riots of Washington, 112 113 THE SUCCESS OF NEGRO MIGRATION land, the Atlantic Coast shipbuilding plants, the steel and manufacturing sections of Pennsylvania, Ohio, and adjoining states. In Chicago 40,000 colored men and 12,000 women have been added to the industrial population since the migration began. According to T. Arnold Hill of the Chicago Urban League, the stockyards employ 8,000 employees in one year from 30 to 800; the International Harvester Company employs of these; the Corn Products Refining Company has increased its force of colored em Al l signs indicate a bright outlook for the 500; and the Pullman Car Shops, 400. The Industrial Department of the Urban League places about 1,000 a month. Many of the industrial plants endeavor to maintain a ratio of one Negro to every three white workmen, although the population ratio in Chicago is one Negro to thirty whites. The outlook for retention of this labor is excellent, according to all reports, and no encouragement was given to southern labor agents in their efforts to induce Negroes to return. Negroes are rapidly adjusting themselves to the new industrial and social environment; they are saving money, which is evidenced by the large number of depositors in the banks located in the Second and Third Wards, where most of the colored population live; they are conducting an increasing number of business enterprises, and real estate dealers are reaping a rich harvest spite of August,the city difficulty in selling homes to Negroes. In  the serious rioting of July and  there is yet a marked influx into  and jobs are secured with little  for all who want to work. Em ployers who have had no experience before with Negro labor are, in the main, finding that the old belief about the inefficiency of Negro labor is a myth. The greatest proof of this is the eagerness with which colored applicants for jobs are received. In Pittsburgh competent observers, who are in close touch with labor conditions, state that fully 12,000 Negroes have been placed during the past two and a half years. One large employer of labor states that Negro labor as a whole is far superior to any type of immigrant labor which he has used. Thrown into the rigorous industrial life, working in mills with roaring machinery overhead and all around him, the man who has been used only to the quiet life of the rural South finds it difficult at first to adjust himself to the new order of things. ' Yet the testimony is almost unanimous that after a period of adjustment, the vast majority soon shake off habits of tardiness, of indolence, of unreliability, and of carousing at night, and are rapidly absorbed into the industrial life. It is evident in Pittsburgh that prohibition has had a beneficial effect, for there is less disorder and savings bank deposits are growing larger. retention of those who have already come and many more who are planning to come North. Five thousand migrants have been placed in Cleveland. Recently a questionnaire was sent to 150 industrial plants, asking for specific information on the question of the efficiency of migrant labor. Practically all of the questionnaires were answered and only a few expressed any dissatisfaction. In the main, the answers were highly laudatory, and due to rigid citizenship requirements which employers have adopted, the outlook is exceptionally good for the Negro in preference to the immigrant population upon which employers have been largely dependent in the past. One Detroit automobile firm employs some 1,200 to 1,500 Negroes. Another similar plant employs over 1,100. In this latter plant a most interesting situation has taken place, which is a valuable commentary on the efficiency and adaptability of Negro labor. In one of the departments of this establishment prior to the introduction of Negro labor, 70 white men of various nationalities were producing an average of 18 chassis a day. The official records of this plant .show that within six weeks after an all-Negro force was placed in this department, 50 men were turning out from 40 to 50 a day—a clear gain in efficiency of over 300 per cent. Another blow to the exponents of the doctrine of race inferiority! According to Dr. George E. Haynes, of the Department of Labor, 24,647 Negroes were employed in shipbuilding on the Atlantic the war ended. Of this number a large percentage was employed in those lines of employment classed as skilled labor, and this number is increasing as the Negro is given the opportunity to prove his worth. Al l of the above testimony is but a frag ment of the record being made by the mi PARADE OF NEGRO UNION MEN AT BALBOA HEIGHTS, CANAL ZONE THE MURDER ON NINTH AVENUE grant. As long as the tide of immigration is turned away from America rather than toward it, he will be able to enter into northern industry in ever increasing numbers. Further factors are the efficiency of his labor, the attitude of labor unions and non-labor union groups, and his absorption into the industrial, economic, and social life of the North. The one question which confronts Negro labor is that of his making good and continuing to do so. Without attempting to moralize, if he does make good and if the migration continues to bring more colored labor into the North, the difficulties which he now confronts in overcoming a mythical and slanderous propaganda of untruths as to his worth will be gradually, but surely, overcome. There is great opportunity in the North for men and women who are willing to work and the southern employers of labor may as well abandon all hopes they may be cherishing of inducing the Negro to return. The American Federation of Labor has, on paper at least, abolished the color line. This forms an excellent barometer as to the future of Negro labor, but that barring of the color line in the A. F. of L., or any other organization of labor, will only be permanent when Negroes make good in large numbers and present their case in strong enough terms to force consideration and recognition. According to all visible signs, the Negro migrant has made good, the migration is still going on, and will continue to go on until the industrial needs of the North are supplied and the South can learn to accord to the Negro all the privileges he demands. Some raving demagogues of that section may declare that this will never be. Their statements do not interest the Negro, however, and the time may yet come when the South will awaken from its dream of hordes of disillusioned Negroes flocking back to their "best friends," and will realize the gold mine of Negro labor which it had and lost. THE MURDER ON NINTH AVENUE A STORY DID you ever notice this porter before? No, I suppose not; one does not notice porters much. Well, he's really a character, and full of stories. Notice his thin, nervous hands and the droop of his eyelids. I always sit up late when I'm on his car, and when he comes to the smoking room I tackle him. Usually "You see, I got in late that night:—hotbox, a wreck, bad connections—everything. Well, I rushed over from Jersey, jumped on the Sixth Avenue L and uptown we flew. I must have gone to sleep, for just as we were swinging one of the corners, where the Sixth makes for Ninth Avenue, I was suddenly awakened by the jolt and, starting I expect a story, and it's worth while. Porters, you know, have endless adventures. up, found myself staring into a second-floor Shall I tell you his latest tale? I had a rattling detective story with me in the smoking room. "Ever read it?" said I to the porter. "No," said he shortly. "Have a cigar," said I. "They're all in bed." He looked out into the car, then turning back lighted up and settled luxuriously. "I've had my fill of detective business," he said. "Of course, I used to dream of being one; but a black man couldn't get on the force. I tried it once, however, in an amateur way, but"—he puffed— "never again." window. "The sight that met me made me wild, and I let go a yell that frightened the women and brought the guard in from the platform. Then I made my first mistake. Instead of telling them what was the matter and setting the public and the police in pursuit, I got the detective microbe. Nothing but a brilliant piece of amateur detective business would suit me that night, and without a word I rushed to the platform and at the next station flew down the steps. People thought I had snakes, I guess. Of course, as matter of fact, it was just pure, impertinent curiosity on my part—the ungovernable curiosity that lures the coldest of us on when the mystery of death faces us. THE CRISIS "What I saw in that second-story window was this: the white, terror-struck profile of a woman; the angry, full face of a black-bearded man, and the swift flash of his upraised arm. That was all, but it spelled deliberate murder, and awaking, as I had, suddenly from dreamless drowsing, I saw it with startling vividness—clear-cut, indelible was the awful picture, and I rushed headlong down the steps and sped madly back the ten blocks I had been carried by. If I had had good sense and not been consumed with warm curiosity, which I mistook for a longing for justice—if it had not been for this, I would have hunted up a policeman. But, as it was, I carefully avoided the only one I saw, having a bad case of what I had read of as the amateur detective's contempt of official incapacity and red tape. That little pride came nearly putting me on the gallows—but wait: "I sped along until I came in sight of the house, which I recognized easily, and then easing down to a careless walk, began to plan my course of action. As I expected, the windows above were now dark, but just as I was nearly opposite the stairway entrance, which I judged led up to the window I had seen, the door opened and a bearded man stepped out. In a flash I turned toward him and I thought he hesitated a second. " 'I beg your pardon,' said I, 'but have you a match?' "He handed me one silently, and as I lighted my cigar I made sure to light his face. Then I nearly dropped the cigar, for it was undoubtedly the face which I had seen a few moments since, with murder written on every line. "I sauntered on madly, trying to evolve a further course of action. If I went upstairs to find the victim, the murderer would escape. I must, then, by all means shadow him. Now, shadowing in books is a pastime, but on Ninth Avenue, at 1 A. M., it's rather ticklish business. I let my man start ahead and then I moved on behind. He apparently paid no attention at all, stood on the corner as if looking for a car, and then hearing the thunder of the elevated, changed his mind and dashed up the stairs. I dashed, too, and just made the train—and we two were the only passengers in the car. I felt that he was watching me, but I paid no attention to him and was congratulating myself on my bravery when he fooled me into my second mistake by the simplest of expedients: As we neared Sixty-sixth Street he carelessly arose and passed me as if to leave the car. Just as the train slowed up I arose, too, with what I thought was admirably assumed carelessness, and made as if to leave. I was right behind him. " 'Oh, this is not Seventy-second,' he said to the guard, and turned suddenly back. "Now, I couldn't turn right back, too— that was a bit too obvious—and before I could gather up my wits I was on the platform, and my quarry glided off. I started slowly down the stairs, and then, seeing a passing surface car, I leapt down and caught it. A t that time of night the surface cars make good time, and I had a hazy hope that we might reach Seventy-second Street somewhere near the same time as the elevated. But, pshaw! the elevated outdistanced us. I stood watching on the back platform and at last swung off at Seventieth Street, determined to catch a car back and search for the victim, when right around behind the car shot a taxicab. I jumped out of the way as it slowed up for the car to pass, and, glancing up—what do you think? There sat my man. Evidently second Street and was now speeding home. Did he see me? I didn't kno'w. I thought not, and without further thought I just fell gently on the running board of that machine and lay tight. It was a fool thing to do. M y Lord, how that bloke shot the taxi over the ground. Bumpety-bump, whish, grr! M y eyes and mouth were full of dirt, my hands were numb, my clothes ruined, and my body almost a pulp. I was scared stiff. One turn to the right instead of three to the left and I'd have been a corpse on the curb. We shot through the park at Sixty-sixth Street, and just as I was giving up, unable to stand it longer, the taxi suddenly slowed down and I heard the driver ask: " 'Sixty-five, East Sixtieth, did you say, sir?' '"No ; Seventy-five.' "I waited for no more, but rolled into the gutter and lay panting. By and by my dazed aching gave way to a feeling of triumph. I had my man'saddress—Seventy-five—butSeventy-fiv and limped along painfully—Sixty-seven— Sixty-nine—oh, East Sixtieth Street. I straightened up in triumph—then I paused. Suppose he was fooling me and knew I was THE MURDER ON NINTH AVENUE 117 there? I hit on a sudden pretext. I ran to Number Seventy-five. A sleepy hallboy sat in the big apartment house entrance. " 'Say,' said I, 'did a gentleman with a black beard—' Then I looked up and saw the gentleman with the black beard emerging from the elevator with a traveling bag and his eyes fixed curiously on me.   I fled. "Down the street I ran to Madison Avenue. No car, but here came a solitary hansom, jogging along. " 'Two dollars to the corner of Ninth Avenue and Fifty-third!' I cried. " 'Right-o,' said cabby, waking up, and away we went. "I leaned back and thought it all over. I had certainly made some mistakes, but on the whole I had done well. I had traced my man to a place where he was known and could be identified. Of course, he could run away, but he'd have to run fast and far to escape modern methods. Yes, that was all right. Now, as to the victim. Then I get cold feet. Suppose there was no victim? Suppose he did not strike her, after all? Suppose it was only pantomime—acting—or even a dream of mine? But no, it was too vivid, too real, and I shuddered as I realized again the hatred and terror of those two pale faces. "That cab horse was fearfully slow. I grew fidgety, and my aching body cried for rest and sleep. 'Where was Black-beard going?' I asked myself cautiously. 'To boat or train—' I started— 'back to the victim, to lay in wait for me?' I could summon the police. I got to the corner at last, dismissed the cabman, and peered about. Not a policeman in sight. The house was still dark. I tried the front door. It was unlocked. I looked again up and down the street. No one in sight. "My insatiable curiosity got the better of me. Carefully I removed my shoes and crept up the stairs. Silently I slipped up, step after step. Hark! What was that? I stopped and listened with every nerve a-tingle. A terror crept through me. Death was above me and perhaps murder below. I had run voluntarily into a trap. Still I dare not retreat—I might meet the police. I must go on and discover the crime. I crept onward. The stairs creaked horribly, and I thought I sensed something like a low groan. I cursed myself for my damned curiosity. Why had I not gone home about my business? What were this city's brawls to me? Perhaps I had been dreaming and was now guilty of burglary. Would this staircase never end? Its creaking sounded to my straining ears like shrieks in the darkness, and I was ready almost to scream with terror. Suddenly my hand came flat down; there were no more stairs. I groped cautiously. Yes, I was in a dark hall. I stopped and calculated. The room I wanted should be here. I felt and groped. There was a door. Terror gripped me again and I felt my heart pounding. I dared not enter that mysterious door; I dared not stay where I was; I dared not go down stairs. A moment I stood in a cold tremble and then I deliberately turned the door knob. The door yielded. I entered. "Out of the window before me loomed the dark mass of the elevated as it curved about the corner; beyond, the electric lights blinked dimly against the darkened houses and empty street. There was the window through which I had glanced, and here, directly at my feet, lay a dark, huddled heap. I bent forward. My hand touched a human form and something wet and sticky. "I started to light a match, and then my heart froze and stopped. A bright gleam of light shot past me from behind and illumined the white face of the stricken woman. For a moment I could neither stir nor utter a sound. " 'Well, my man, what are you doing here?' "I turned and looked into the faces of two policemen. I sighed helplessly. I saw my finish—amateur detective, indeed! Here, in sheer wooden-headed perversity, I had put myself in a position which meant the gallows. No use explaining. Here I was, a black man, found in a house at dead of night, with bloody hands, leaning over a dead white woman—shoes off, dirty and disreputable in looks—O, Lord! It was all up with me. I might just as well say 'guilty'—my story would be lost breath. One thing alone was lacking, and that was an actual eye witness to the deed. I knew that was coming—I felt it in my bones— and sure enough, just as the bracelets snapped on my wrists and the policeman lighted the gas, the door opened and in came Black-beard with his suit-case. "He looked me over calmly. " 'Yes, that's the man I saw enter here an hour ago, just before I heard the woman scream.' THE CRISIS "I looked at him in undisguised admiration. It was magnificent lying. The idea of my playing amateur detective with such a master of deviltry! Amateur detective! Why, I wasn't even an amateur jackass— hark! Again I thought I sensed a groan. looked down. One of the policemen was bending over the woman—a dainty, beautiful, childlike thing, lying pitifully in her own blood. As the officer leaned down a sudden tremor ran through her frame. I turned my eyes suddenly on Black-beard. His magnificent control was gone—his face was white with horror. I nudged the policeman who held me. The woman suddenly struggled up on one arm. Her eyes wandered blankly around the group until they caught his and held them in piteous entreaty. " 'Don't—don't kill me—Henry,' she gasped. 'Why—did—you—strike—ah,' and the rigor of death caught and held her soul." The porter puffed his cigar reflectively. "Well," said I. "0, Black-beard tried to escape and then flopped and confessed, and that cleared me. But say—no more amateur detective for mine." WHERE ELIZA CROSSED THE ICE FELIX J. KOCH OH, YES , of course there is controversy as to the exactness of it. Some people would have you believe that when Mrs. Stowe wrote "Uncle Tom's Cabin" and described the flight of Eliza across the ice she had in mind the almost miraculous crossing of one Margaret Garner, a fugitive slave, with her child, from cake to cake of ice, where Mill Creek empties into the Ohio, at Cincinnati. But other versions— and doubtless they are the correct ones— relate that Eliza crossed the ice at Ripley, a slumbering river town some miles upstream from the Queen City—and inasmuch as Ripley is filled with interesting sites connected with the escape of fugitive slaves, the people there lay claim, as well, to possessing the real site of the crossing. Thanks to this, in connection with a great "Homecomers' Day," at Ripley, a former son of the town, now a citizen of Cleveland, CROSSING TODAY AT RIPLEY. OHIO has had marked with most attractive tablets all sites connected with the story. You who would begin your tour of these places start, of course, at the river. Rather, you make your start at the rise of the bluff, where the long descent begins to the stream and where an immaculately white monument is set to the famous old abolitionists of the town. Before you lies the murky river—much like any other large American stream, and hinting little of the time when it was the border between slave-state and free, and the crossing of it meant freedom ! To black, as well as white, it's so simple, so easy—today—this crossing! A ferryboat rides at anchor and at stated intervals bears you across for a pittance. You try almost vainly, therefore, to fancy what a trip it was in the older days. Behind you, as you turn, the little lanes WHERE ELIZA CROSSED THE ICE of Ripley lie; behind these there is a ridge of hills—the banks of the prehistoric Ohio. Crowning this crest and visible, by day, from afar, because of the flag and staff set up recently to mark it, and, by night, because of a lantern hoisted on that same flagpole, is the portico of an old homestead, the home of the abolitionist Rankin and his sons, who had helped so many black folk to freedom. The sunshine floods the quiet stream as you recall the tale. Unconsciously, almost, you reach for your copy of the book and then read afresh the old story: "In consequence of all the various delays, it was about three-quarters of an hour after Eliza had laid her child to sleep in the village tavern that the party came riding into the same place. Eliza was standing at the window. . . . She drew back suddenly; the whole train swept by the window, round to the front door. " A thousand lives seemed to be concentrated in that one moment to Eliza. Her room opened by a side door to the river. She caught her child and sprang down the steps toward it. The trader caught a full glimpse of her, just as she was disappearing down the bank, and, throwing himself from his horse and calling loudly on Sam and Andy, he was after her like a hound after a deer. "In that dizzy moment her feet, to her, scarce seemed to touch the ground, and a moment brought her to the water's edge. Right on behind they came, and, served with strength such as God gives only to the desperate, with one wild cry and flying leap she vaulted sheer over the turbid current by the shore and on to the raft of ice beyond. It was a desperate leap, impossible to anything bu t madness an d despair, an d Haley, Sam and Andy instinctively cried out and lifted up she did it. "The huge, green fragment of ice on which she alighted pitched and creaked as her weight came on it—but she stayed there not a moment. With wild cries and desperate energy she leaped to another and still another cake—stumbling, leaping, slipping, springing upward again. Her shoes are gone, her stockings cut from her feet— while blood marked every step; but she saw nothing, felt nothing, till, dimly, as in a dream, she saw the Ohio side and a man helping her up the bank." Rankin was wont to help the slaves to his home, on the heights aforesaid; more often, though,-the runaway slaves were forced to guide themselves to this by a huge beacon light which he posted here every evening, close to the site of the present lamp on the pole. If the trail were anything like it is now in those days you wonder how any one weighted down with excitement, could "make it"—for notably in the hot summers it is all that a man can do to get to the top. Prom street to street the way leads, at base; then there comes the footpath proper; huge, shoe-wrecking boulders set in the weeds beneath thorny, straggly acacia trees. There's a picturesque Negro town at one point on the route; then, this passed, you wind along to the Hundred Steps, as they're called. After the steps there's another long climb, where you find the trail for yourself; and then, up at the summit, at last, the great old homestead—a prosaic, one-story brick, with roof sloping to the rear and the front facade broken, alternately, by window, door, window, door — awaits you. A crumbling old portico is at mid-front, and it is delightful to look down on the river from out the morning glory vines 'round its posts. So quiet, so peaceful th e place, one can THE MONUMENT AT THE WHARF TO THE their hands as ABOLITIONISTS scarce believe TH E CRISIS there were times when armed men came here to sack it, and that even the mother of the house was forced to take arms to defend her home f r om attack. I n the days when H a r r i e t Beecher resided near Cincinnati, however, those events were almost commonplaces. Lane Seminary, where both her father and husband taught, would have been sacked by another mob had not the mud prevented a great horde of pro-slavery partisans from reachi n g the place at a time when the students were suspected of harboring fugitives and a i d i n g them to freedom. Some few miles i n l a n d f r om the Ohio, at Washington, Kentucky,—then the county seat—there s t i l l stands the court house at which Miss Beecher, as she then was, witnessed the great slave sale which, to suit the purpose of her story, she places at New Orleans. Round about, too, are the old plantations where she actually saw the Negroes at their work, and there is one f a rm to which she was a frequent visitor and upon which some of the old Negro homes survive; and this, i t is presumed, was her original for "Shelby's"—the first home of Uncle Tom. L a t t e r l y , people are coming to forget, more and more, the rigors of the irrepressible conflict that brought on the great C i v i l War, but "Uncle Tom's C a b i n , " both as book and as play, remains a perennial favorite, r e c a l l i n g to mind many phases of the old days, but most p a r t i c u l a r l y these crossings by fugitive slaves on the ice. THE OPTIMIST E THYL L EWIS OPPRESSED? Ah, well, the devil, you say! Well—weeping can only last for a day; The blackest cloud is all bright inside— What's in with the flood goes out with the tide. Scorned and laughed at? That matters not— He who laughs last has the best of the lot; The first shall be last and the last shall be first— He who gives drink, tomorrow may thirst. You're suffering now, dark clouds enshroud— But yours is the suffering of which one is proud; For out of the hell and the hard of it all, Salvation will come, as the light came to Saul. The war has been killing your men, you say; Despair has been eating your heart away— It would be all right if you didn't know That the country you love despised you so. Never mind, children, be patient awhile, And carry your load with a nod and a smile; For out of the hell and the hard of it all, Time is sure to bring sweetest honey—not gall. Out of the hell and the hard of it all, A bright star shall rise that never shall fall; A God-fearing race—proud, noble and true, Giving good for the evil which they always knew, Before whom all nations shall come and bow down And place at its feet the world's sceptre and crown. The scorners will then know "What fools mortals be!" And the laughers can no more find heart for their glee. So dry your wet pillow and lift your bowed head, And show to the world that hope is not dead! Be patient! Wait! See what yet may befall, Out of the hell and the hard of it all. RECEPTION TO MRS, A. W. HUNTON, GIVEN BY THE LADIES OF BROOKLYN, ON HER RETURN FROM THE WESTERN FRONT THE CATHOLIC CHURCH AND THE NEGRO PRIEST DEAR SIR: FOR some time I've desired to publish an article in TH E CRISIS, or rather make known to your society the deplorable discrimination of the Catholic Church toward Negroes. After two years of deliberation, I've concluded to write to you. This long deliberation is due to the fact that I've tried to make the proper use of common sense, self-control, and cool-headedness, without which it is difficult to express oneself or calculate reasonably on such a subject. I've always lived my life in Orthodox Roman Catholic fashion, cherishing and believing everything Catholic; consequently, a few years ago I desired to live an Apostolic life, in the capacity of priesthood. I made known my desires to my Reverend Rector, F. J. McShaw of St. Nicholas Church in Atlantic City, N . J., who said he had already discovered such a disposition in me. Immediately he applied to the Holy Ghost Fathers at Cornwells, Pa., who are missionaries to Negroes of the Northern United States and Africa, also to the Josephite Fathers of Baltimore, Md.; and missionaries to Negroes of the Southern United States. A t that time both societies accepted the application, but the Fathers at Cornwells had no room in their dormitory. The Josephites accepted under condition that I give myself up	 to their requirement. The Holy Ghost Fathers had decided not to accept colored men into their Order, and the Josephite Fathers said they required $250 per year, although they were educating white boys free. I was not able to pay $250 per year, but a young white man, a Catholic, offered to make up the amount each year for me. priest of the Holy Ghost Society; so I went to him and insisted that his society should give me some consideration in attaining what I believed to be my vocation. He sent me to the Cathedral to consult the Archbishop, wh Fathers of the Negro missions." Father Park then went to Cornwells to consult with the Provincial of his society, the Reverend J. Griffin, and returning, he said: "I am going to give it to you as it was given to me by the Provincial: 'We have no colored students and are not going to take any. Almighty God does not want a colored man for a priest. He is absolutely unfit morally, physically, and effectively; prejudice, sentiment, and authority are against it, and one with a sound mind ought to know that God does not want him. Colored peopl people can't use them.' This is the decision of the United Catholic Councils and if you do not accept it, you are vain." I said, "Father, what of Father Burges, a colored man in your society?" He said, "Father Burges has never been what a priest should be. A colored man has not been successful as a priest anywhere in the world, not even in Africa." With this our conversation ended, as did also my eighth year of disappointment. I am not alone, for I know good young men of noble character in New York, Philadelphia, Baltimore, and Washington, who ardently desired and begged to be priests—and noble priests they would have made,—but because their faces were black, they are today, even as I,—despondent victims of Catholic prejudice. There is not an Order of priests or Brothers in the United States today that accept	 It is inconceivable that a Christian denomina I wrote and plead to the Cardinals and tion would go to such extent to retard a Arch-Bishops, and practically every Religiousrace's in the United States, without However, the Reverend Superior JustinMcCarthywill a colored man's refused application. me admission. Order progress. receiving any consideration. The clergy is entirely to blame, because the laity willingly submits and patiently Reverend T. J. Park, Rector of the Cathperforms any injunctions conferred on them olic Church "Our Lady of the Blessed Sacrament," at Broad Street and Fairmount by the clergy. Many white Catholics are Avenue, this city, [Philadelphia] a church astonished to hear of such discrimination for colored people, was my rector and a among religious Orders; but these facts are not hidden from such as Monsignor J. Burke 122 123 THE OUTER POCKET in New York City, His Eminence James high schools and colleges, notwithstanding Cardinal Gibbons, the Archbishops, His Excellency John Bonzano, the Apostolic Delegate the fact that they are dissuaded attending and Cardinals leave it to the priests in charge of Negroes. His Excellency John Bonzano in a reply to me declared it was beyond the scope of his providence and power. In this manner, from every Catholic source, we are confronted with such depravity,—that culture and refinement are impossible. There are many dishonorable circumstances I could mention to prove that my vision is not obstructed by inaccuracy, prejudice, or malconclusion." Since we are not allowed in any capacity to pursue a religious vocation, colored young men and women are not admitted to Catholic inWashington those under Protestant influence. This accounts for the great percentage of ignorance among colored Catholics. Having been for years an active member of both the Holy Name and St. Vincent De Paul's Societies, I am able to express every one of the deplorable conditions that confront our Catholic colored people, making us the most backward, the most depraved sect of American Negroes. We are governed by the most prejudiced men on this continent, who impose their conditions upon us and tell us it is God's will. Yours truly, (Signed) GEORGE JOSEPH MACWILLIAM, Philadelphia, Pa. The Outer Pocket THE different papers of the South speak of some of our leading citizens spreading discontent amongst the Negroes in the South. If they would look at it in the right way, they would see that they themselves are the true cause of all racial discord, both in the South and in the North. But they are too mean and cowardly to acknowledge it. If they could stop lynching long enough and consider the impression they make on the minds of others, I think they would be able to realize how small they look in the eyes of the honest and law-abiding citizens of the world. E. B. HALL, Metuchen, N. J. Please read James 3: 1-6. To think that a man should spend his time in stirring up strife and hatred is awful. I refer to articles in TH E CRISIS, which I verily believe have been the cause of many riots and lynchings. .. . Those words of a "child of twelve years," ("I hate the white man as much as he does me and probably more") sent a pang to my heart. Not that the white people care for the hatred, but to think the child should be taught contrary to God's word, which says: "Love your enemies." Of course the child is not to blame, but others are. . . . I know there are many devils among the white race as well as the black race. But that is no reason why the Negro should be taught to "hate" the whole white race. God is love. There is no hatred in Heaven. 1'here are millions of white people there. . . . If you who are full of hatred for the white people should get to Heaven, (which is impossible without repentance) how could you be happy? N. E. M. AYERS, Parnell, Ky. I am a poor student. I have worked my way through school as far as I have gone. I am twenty-three years old. I want to finish my school work, but I am not going to try to finish it here because a colored man, regardless of how good he is,—it does not matter—he is not safe anywhere, not even in jail, court house, or in his home. To get shot down or lynched or burned is a common thing down here. And the question of "law"—I would like to spend just an hour where law and order abide. I haven't been able to see but one law in the South, and that is there is no chance for a man if his face is dark. Seemingly, law is the least thing thought of. The color of the skin decides everything when it comes to law. I THE ST. PAUL, MINN., FOLK-SONG COTERIE. MRS. NELLIE E. FRANCIS, LEADER. 125 THE OUTER POCKET feel as though I am enslaved, but by reading of your writings I have been able to keep a spark of hope in my breast, and now I am trying to- save enough money to come to that lovely state of yours, where men are protected by the law and where I am ex pecting to work and finish my training. If you should see fit to put anything that I have said in your magazine, do not use my name until I get up there. , Memphis, Tenn. If I were asked what is the most influential mandate in social, political, and religious life in the United States; the one exalted above the Decalogue, and above Christ's summary of the law and the prophets; the one obeyed without question, and which rarely suffers an infraction; the one that brings bishops and saloon-keepers, lofty judges and besotted criminals side by side,— I should answer, it is that mandate which reads: Thou shalt never fail to observe the distinction between white people and colored people, either by confounding their persons or by equalizing their rights. T. G. STEWART, Wilberforce, Ohio. I have just received the September number of TH E CRISIS and in noting its contents I find your very clear and concise statement of the cost of producing this splendid magazine, also its enlargement and the increased subscription price. Indeed, I think you need not ask that your 105,000 buyers should not dwindle, because I believe that your buyers are the thinking and the most progressive in the race. I pledge myself to continue reading your magazine whatever it costs. JAMES A. JENKINS, Columbus, Ohio. I cannot understand how the colored man has borne, without redress, so many wrongs. Only today we learn that all but the very old colored people have been driven out of a Kentucky town as the result of the shooting of a white man. Al l who could not buy tick ets were forced to walk. I don't see how much more can be borne. I have grown tired of the leniency given rotten politicians and legislators, who continue to say what they please. More and more, I am convinced that an unpleasant consequence for these and others of like breed is the only medicine that will begin to work a cure for some of our national and state ailments. Desperate people may help the State to begin to see some of its duties. During the summer I met in Chicago a group of Korean leaders, who had met in a very effective way their trying problems, and I gained some excellent ideas for our own. They made me wish I were a man— and a colored man. I have not received my copy of TH E CRISIS for this month. Is it because my subscrip tion has expired? I think when last I paid, it was for two years in advance. I get nervous when it is behind, and always de vour it immediately when it arrives. MA E OWINGS, Atlanta, Ga. I am very sorry the Negro does not figure more prominently in our literature; that he would be popular, may be seen by the tremendous hold on the public of "Uncle Tom," "Eliza," and "Uncle Remus." There should be a magazine, a fiction magazine, with the principle characters in every story, —Negroes,—or at least half-breeds. Through fiction the wise and talented Negro has the most powerful weapon for propaganda. I hope you will not think me presumptuous, but really, I should like to see you urge the necessity for a Negro concert-hall, and magazine, (for fiction) and a Negro newspaper JEA N O'BRIEN, New York City. It is a great pity that I was not able to get to Paris, in February. It is all owing to the backwardness of our race—a backwardness that is intensified by our tribal and clannish differences. However, I take this opportunity to thank you in the name of our people for the wide ground covered and the success up to date. I feel certain that much more would have been effected had you any information about the semi-slavery in South Africa. SOL T. PLAATJE, Kimberley, South Africa. As a rule, I read TH E CRISIS from cover to cover, and occasionally I draw the attention of our people to some of the striking articles that appear in its pages. TH E CRISIS is doing a great work for our race, and every sensible Ethiopian must acknowledge that. I enclose £1 in British coin herewith to renew my subscription for as long a period as it will cover. Honorable CASELY HAYFORD, Sekondi, Gold Coast, Africa. Men of the Month. IN the passing of Horace Bumstead the Negro race loses, not simply a friend, but one who was willing to fight and suffer for it. He was born in Boston, in 1841, and graduated at Yale during the Civil War. He went immediately to the front, leading colored troops at Petersburg and Richmond. Returning after the war, he took theology at Andover, studied incompanion, Anna M. Hoit. After a short fessor and president for thirty-two years. He stood unswervingly for the equality of men. Students and teachers, black and white, ate together in the University dining-room. He refused to let Wall Street bribe him into cheapening the college course. He refused to dismiss Dr. DuBois at the demand of the northern copperheads because of his outspoken defense of the Negro. He begged up and down the country to keep the institution going and never for a moment doubted the ultimate triumph of right, even when insulted and ridiculed. The General Education Board and other great foundations did not like and would not help Horace Bumstead, and to this day, hate Atlanta University. It was a fine life; it was a beautiful life; it was a life no Negro may ever forget. * * * THERE are in the United States over sixty towns and communities settled almost exclusively by Negroes and governed by them. Among the best known are Allensworth, Cal.; Brooklyn, 111.; Buxton, Iowa; Mound Bayou, Miss.; Boley, Okla., and Hobson City, Ala. This last village is near Anniston, and had in 1910, 344 inhabitants. Its present Mayor is a young man of twenty-two, J. D. Kirksey. Mayor Kirksey has some trouble with the whiskey dealers and gamblers from the neighboring city, but on the whole the town is peaceful and prosperous.blackhand letters,a pistol. "It's a"to handle somethem up." Recently he received some  but he merely purchased  little difficult," he writes,  cases, but I never give WILEY HINDS was born of slave par ents in Arkansas, eighty-three years ago; his father bought him from his owner for $300. Sixty years ago, with seventy-five cents in his pockets, he went to work as a farm laborer in Tulare County, Cal. He worked for wages until he was twenty-nine years of age, and then began stock raising. Three years later he purchased Europe, and married his constant, unfailing home; he married, and pastorate, he went to his life work at Atlanta University, where he served as pro eighty acres of land, upon which he built a  then eventually be came the father of ten children. When Wiley Hinds died recently, he owned 4,000 acres of land, including a prune ranch worth $1,000 per acre, fruit orchards, cattle and hog ranches, and city property in Oakland and Berkeley, Cal., valued at $200 per acre. Mr. Hinds retired from business five years ago, leaving his estate in charge of his oldest son, Thomas. * * * JOSEPH S. COTTER, JR., like Lycidas, ** is dead ere his prime. He was born twenty-three years ago and educated at the Central High School in Louisville, Ky., where his father is a teacher, and at Fisk University. A t seventeen he had to give up his studies because of poor health. He had but six little years to do his life work, and he spent those on a bed of pain. Yet in this time he wrote: "Out of the  Shadows,"  lyrics; "The White Folks' Nigger," a book of one-act plays, and "The Band of Gideon " a volume to which Cale Young Rice writes the introduction. Soothly he writes his own sad, brave benediction: 'Though bends my body toward the yawning sod, I can endure the pain, the sorrows rife, That hold me fast beneath their chastening rod, If from this turmoil and this endless strife, Comes there a light to lead man nearer God, And guide his footsteps toward t'..o Larger Life." * * * CHARLES H. SCOTT, who has the distinction of being the only living colored railway passenger baggagemaster, cele 126 MAYOR J. D. KIRKSEYCHARLES H. SCOTTTHE THE LATE WILEY HINDS THE LATE JOSEPH S. COTTER, JR.  LATE DR. HORACE BUMSTEAD  DE. C. N. GARLAND THE LATE A. C. GRIGGS 127 128 THE CRISIS brated on February 21, 1919, fifty years' employment i n the C i n c i n n a t i , H a m i l t o n and Dayton R a i l w a y Company, Without a reprimand or a demerit or without having missed a single run. This record is unequalled by any employee, white or colored, i n the service. The following is his official record: 2— 22—'69. Passenger train porter, Toledo division. 3— 22—'70. Passenger brakesman, Toledo division; promoted. 8— 2—'74. Freight brakesman, Toledo division; transferred. 9—20—'74. Freight conductor, Toledo division; promoted. 10— IS—'74. Switchman, Toledo division; transferred. 11— 2—'74. Night yard master, Lima, Toledo division; promoted. 2— 1—^'75. Freight brakesman, Toledo division; transferred. 1—• —'78. Train baggageman, Toledo division; transferred. Note—6—26—'15: Clear Record to Date. Mr. Scott lives in Lima, Ohio; he was born March 22, 1852, in Dayton. He is Past Grand Chancellor of the Knights of Pythias and a member of the Odd Fellows. He had two sons, one of whom lost his life i n a munitions plant, at Chester, Pa., last year. * * * THE late A . C. Griggs was born in F a r m v i l l e , V a . , January, 1856, and was self-educated. At the age of twentythree he m a r r i e d ; one year later he opened a grocery business and became Internal Revenue Collector; at the age of twentyeight he was a member of the House of Delegates, and three years later he was elected member of the Senate of V i r g i n i a. While senator he fathered the bill that brought the white female normal school to his home town. He was the father of five children—a mail carrier, a minister, a teacher, a student and a soldier—Sergeant Burnett Griggs, of the 350th F i e l d A r t i l l e r y, A . E . F . * * * THE Tremont Trust Company at Boston, Mass., white men who sense merit beyond the color line. They have not only elected Dr. Cornelius N . G a r l a n d as a member of the board of directors, but have also employed M a r y M . Gibson, a colored graduate of Radcliffe College, as clerk and teller, and Albert Washington and W i l l i a m Lawrence, both Negroes, as check tellers. Dr. Garland studied at Livingstone College, went to E n g l a n d for a post graduate course i n a London hospital; two years later, in Boston, Mass., he began the practice of his profession, and in 1908 he purchased a dwelling which he converted into a small hospital. The institution is chartered by the State and includes a nurse t r a i n i ng school. ORIFLAMME "I can remember when I was a little, young girl, how my old mammy would sit out of doors in the evenings and look up at the stars and groan, and I would say. 'Mammy, what makes you groan so?' And she would say, 'I am groaning to think of my poor children; they do not know where I be and I don't know where they be. I look up at the stars and they look up at the stars!' "—Sojourner Truth. I  THINK I see her sitting bowed and black, Stricken and seared with slavery's mortal scars, Reft of her children, lonely, anguished, yet Still looking at the stars. Symbolic mother, we thy myriad sons, Pounding our stubborn hearts on Freedom's bars, Clutching our birthright, fight with faces set, Still visioning the stars! National Association - for the Advancement of Colored-People. AFTERMATH AT WASHINGTON AND CHICAGO HONES T attempts are being made to discover the facts in the cases of the offenders arrested during the Chicago and Washington riots and to mete out justice to them. Full credit is due to the branches martial for the murder of a white man. In eighteen cases they recommended that the unknown rioters be apprehended and punished, while in seven cases the verdict was justifiable homicide. Although there were eight more deaths among Negroes than among whites, recommendations were made that sixteen colored people and eight white of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People in both of people be held for murder and manslaugh these cities for their vigorous efforts to see that fair play be given to the riot de fendants. The National Office in co-operation with the Chicago Branch offered counsel and legal assistance to all the riot defendants ter. This was due to the fact that in the cases of colored people killed, there was difficulty in finding the identity of the men composing the mobs which murdered them, and often the jury was forced to recommend that these unknown men be found and prosecuted. The police were responsible for this state of affairs, for while they arrested col who so desired. The Honorable S. S. Gregory, former President of the American Bar Association, former Senator James J.Association, who compose the counsel, have already tried some of the cases, which resulted in complete acquittal. Mr. MacNeal, the Executive Secretary of the Chicago Branch, stated on November 5 that in the cases of thirty of the colored people indicted for arson, manslaughter, rioting, and the like, there had been four convictions only; in the cases of two of these convictions appeals had been made; the other two were sentenced to two months in the county jail, sentenced to two months in the country jail, when the circumstances of the cases are considered. The report of the Coroner's Jury of Chicago on the race riots is a document worthy of notice because of its fair attitude. First of all, it states that in spite of the exaggerated rumors circulated during the riots, there were thirty-eight people killed, of whom twenty-three were colored and fifteen white. The Coroner's Jury investigated every death,—visiting hospitals, undertaking establishments, and the scenes; of the rioting, receiving statements from relatives and friends of all the victims. As a result of their investigations, they recommended that twenty men be held to the Grand Jury for murder or manslaughter and that a white soldier be held to court ored rioters with great enthusiasm, they failed to arrest white rioters. Barbour, and members of the Cook County Ba During the riot three colored men were returning from work on a car. A white mob stopped the car, boarded it, and attacked the three men. In defending himself, one of the colored men stabbed the leader of the mob. The police arrested him for the murder, threw him into a cell, and left him there for a week, without medical attention. The Coroner's Jury stated that the conduct of the police in this case of justifiable homicide was a travesty on justice. They pointedly remarked that "none of the white rioters who made the dastardly attack had been arrested!" In the case of another colored man arrested for the death of a white man, the jury not only recommended that he be discharged, but that the white members of the mob who first attacked him be apprehended and prosecuted. These were two instances of injustice which the report disclosed. The jury concluded from the investigations that neither politics nor the importa •tion of Southern labor were important factors as causes of .the riots. There was some friction, however, since the housing arrangements for this influx of labor were inadequate; the congestion of traffic which .caused white and colored people to be herded together in the street cars also caused irritation. The jury believed that 129 130 THE the main factor in the riots was the hoodlum element and the criminal class of both races which took advantage of the situation for the loosing of natural vicious tenden CRISIS fore, they should be judged. In other words, the man who had a pistol for his protection was very different from the man who was a professional pistol "toter," looking for trou ble. The judge seemed to appreciate the stated that the failure of the Police Department to arrest impartially at the time of cies. It recommended that the Police Department be improved and augmented, and argument and the next day ordered a thor rioting was a mistake and had a tendency to further incite the colored population. In suggesting precautions which the city of Chicago should observe for future protection, it maintained that above all, the strict enforcement of the law by public officials, fair and impartial, would do more than any other agency to restore the good name of Chicago and prevent rioting from again disturbing the peace of the city. The report and recommendations of this jury clearly stated that they did not attempt in any way to cover the conditions and circumstances productive of the riots, nor to solve the race problem. In the Washington riots we have the report of Mr. James Cobb, Chairman of the Legal Committee of the District of Columbiacourts of Washington after the riots, and the effect of the prompt intervention of the branch. The morning after the riots, Mr. Cobb, together with two of his assistants, Messrs. Houston and Hughes, went to the Police Court. There they found that forty-six colored men and six white men had been arrested for carrying concealed weapons. The disparity in the number of persons of the two races arrested was at once called to the attention of the Commissioners and the Chief of Police. It was noted, too, by the Committee that the Police Judge, who was sitting in the United States Branch of the Police Court which had jurisdiction in these cases was imposing the maximum sentence, which is 365 days in jail and a $500 fine, or an additional 365 days in jail if the fine could not be paid. The United States Attorney on that day was requiring a $2,000 bond in all cases of pistol "toting." The Legal Committee of the Branch requested an audience with the judge. They pointed out to him that while the men on whom the weapons were found were technically guilty of carrying concealed weapons, the greater portion of them had done so in self-defense. From that standpoint, thereough investigation into e.".ch case. As a result, nineteen of those forty-six men have been put on absolute probation and the maximum penalty imposed in but one case. The Southerner argues that the Negro is better off in his old southern home than in the foreign North, for while the South may lynch an occasional Negro, the North has terrible race riots in which numbers of Negroes are killed. However, one important fact the Southerner overlooks, that the Negro takes an active part in the riots of the North, defending himself and his home as determinedly as any other man. Moreover, which arises after these conflicts to condemn injustice; in the South, if there is opinion in favor of impartial justice and the basic rights of all men, it is rarely heard.  Branch, who tells of conditions in the THE CALDWELL CASE AT this writing we have not learned what the result will be of the action taken by the United States Court in the case of Sergeant Edgar Caldwell, who was condemned to die on December 5 by the Alabama ceedings were being taken during the last week of November, to secure his removal from the jurisdiction of the State of Alabama The local United States Attorney was instructed from Washington to represent the authorities and argue the government's case for removal from State to Federal authority, but Caldwell's attorneys moved in the matter. This case is one of the most notable cases involving the legal rights of a colored man, with which we are familiar. If the local Federal Court rules against removing Caldwell from the State's jurisdiction, the case will undoubtedly go to the United States Supreme Court and will probably be argued by the Solicitor General of the United States. This case is also remarkable for the wholehearted and able defense of Caldwell's rights by the white Alabama lawyers Sena 131 N. A. A. C. P. tor Charles D. Kline and B. M. Allen, who have contested every point in his behalf, and for the great importance of the legal issues involved, as well as for the strenuous efforts made to save Caldwell's life. That Caldwell was not executed months ago is due to the efforts of the Anniston-Hobson City Branch, which has raised more than $1,000 for the defense and in which the Rev. R. R. Williams has been especially active. The branch has been assisted by some of the Alabama branches, by the National Office, the Legal Committee of the District of Columbia Branch, and Mr. Emmett J. Scott, as will be mentioned in more detail. Caldwell, a colored soldier with a good record of several years' service in the United States Army, and at the time a sergeant in a company at Camp McClellan, was riding on a street car in Anniston, Alabama, on the afternoon of December 15, 1918. Upon being charged by the conductor with not having paid his fare, he insisted that he had paid, but was ordered to get off the car, which he refused to do unless his fare was returned. The conductor then attempted to put him off; he resisted and in the altercation also participated, Caldwell was struck twice in the face and then kicked off the car. When Caldwell landed on the ground, as the account goes, he was face up to the advanc ing motorman who started to kick him again in the stomach. Then Caldwell drew his pistol and shot from his hip in quick ac tion, killing the conductor who was just over him and wounding the motorman in the neck. In press dispatches Caldwell was said to have attempted to "occupy the section reserved for white passengers." This allegation was evidently a false one. After a man-hunt, indulged in by several posses, he was captured by an unarmed military policeman and hurried to the stockade at Camp McClellan. He was then turned over to the civil authorities, who held the preliminary proceedings December 18, 1918, in the Calhoun Circuit Court. These proceedings were rushed through in record aroused the race prejudice of the white people of the county that they were talking of lynching him. It was generally stated that a Yankee Negro soldier had come down South to start trouble. The National Office was appealed to and it advised the branch to secure a good lawyer, one upon whom they could depend to defend Sergeant Caldwell earnestly and in good faith. The Alabama branches were requested to co-operate. During the trial every legal effort was made to secure for him a verdict according to the evidence, but the excitement was too high and the jury fully under the influence of the race prejudice so greatly aroused at the time. Caldwell was convicted of murder in the first degree and sentenced to be hanged. His case was appealed to the Alabama Suprem judgment of the Circuit Court. Then the attorneys filed an application for a rehearing before the Supreme Court of Alabama, and the order for execution was withdrawn. At this point the Federal authorities were appealed to on the ground that Sergeant Caldwell was at the time of his offense a which followed, in which the motorman soldier in the Army and, therefore, not amenable to State Courts, but subject to trial by the Army for any alleged offense. President Wilson was appealed to, with the result that the Attorney General of the United States was asked to make an investigation of the case. Those interested in Sergeant Caldwell— Senator Kline, Attorneys Cobb Mr. Scott—held many interviews with members of the Department of Justice, the War Department, Secretary Baker, andSecretary Through different stages the case proceeded. One objection raised by the authorities was that since Caldwell was now a discharged soldier, military authorities would have no jurisdiction to try him if he should be taken from the State. Mr. Cobb replied that it was better for the perpetuity of the government that Caldwell go free than for him to be executed upon a sentence without legal standing, since this would be nothing short of lynching. in th breaking time,—ninety minutes,—andCaldwell was indicted for murder Mr. Tumulty came to the conclusion that gree. He was forced to trial about twenty life was too precious to depend upon a techdays from the date of the homicide, while nicality and expedited consideration of the the newspaper accounts of the affair so matter along lines that worked for Federal intervention. A t length, after the Attorney Pythian Temple, Louisville, Ky.; Cost $150,000 Howard Theatre. SIX NOTABLE NEGRO Wage Earners' Savings Bank, Savannah, Ga. Colored Y. M. C. A., New York 132 Washington, D, C. Negro BUILDINGS YORK City; Cost $358,000 Provident Hospital, Baltimore, Mil. Pythian Temple. New Orleans, La, 133 THE CRISIS General had consulted with the Secretary of War, the Department of Justice decided to intervene and instructed the United States Attorney at Birmingham, Alabama, to cooperate with Caldwell's lawyers after the latter had applied for a writ of habeas corpus. The Federal judge refused to issue a writ of habeas corpus but did issue a certificate of reasonable doubt which entitles Caldwell, who was sentenced to be hanged in December, to an appeal. In the meantime, the Court ordered a stay of execution and Caldwell has been removed to Birmingham for safekeeping. Our readers will appreciate what has been done to save Caldwell and to secure for him a new trial in which prejudice will not play so large a part. Much will be accomplished if a fair and impartial trial is at last secured for Sergeant Caldwell. DISCRIMINATION AND THE COURT RECENTL Y colored employees of the Library of Congress have been segregated in the employees' lunch room and the colored public has been refused service at the restaurant which is run in connection with the Congressional Library. This discrimination has been maintained in spite of the protests of the District of Columbia Branch of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People. When the new Court House was established by the District of Columbia, Mr. Neval H. Thomas, a member of the Board of Directors of the Association, wrote to Chief Justice Walter I. McCoy, asking him whether or not the colored public would be served in the restaurant. After several days, Mr. Thomas received an answer which stated that "the Court had not made any ruling on the matter." Mr. Thomas then requested that the Court make a ruling to the effect that col ored people would be protected from dis crimination at the hands of civil authorities and private citizens in the capital. Soon after this correspondence, Mr. Thomas presented himself at the restaurant in the Court House and was told that the Court had ordered that no persons of color were to be served there; that it was a private restaurant in a public building for a private association of white lawyers; and that the Court of Justice was going to establish a restaurant "for colored people some day. This refusal of service to colored people meant a great hardship to both colored lawyers and colored litigants, for while during the recess white people might go to the lunch room and get back to the Court on time, colored people might easily be made late for the afternoon session. At the request of Mr. Thomas, a letter of protest was sent the Chief Justice by the National Office, as well as by other organizations. In the meantime, Mr. Thomas addressed another appeal to the Chief Justice, describing his experience in the lunch room. Among reasons for protest, he said: "As to the restaurant belonging to the white Bar Association, to which colored practitioners cannot belong, I will say that you would not make colored people, as taxpayers, furnish a building for white private organizations If so, I should like to make application for rooms and restaurants for several organizations of fine civic worth to which I have the honor to belong. I know you believe that all of the citizenry have equal claim upon all public institutions." In answer to this appeal a letter was received from Justice McCoy, which said: "The person who runs the restaurant in the Court House of the District of Columbia has been notified by the Court that all persons have the right of equal service therein." CALLING DREAMS GEORGIA DOUGLAS JOHNSON THE right to make my dreams come true, -*- I ask, nay, I demand of life, Nor shall fate's deadly contraband Impede my steps, nor countermand; Too long my heart against the ground Has beat the dusty years around, And now at length I rise! I wake! And stride into the morning break! —International. A NATIVE OF FUMBAN, GERMAN EAST AFRICA, WEARING THE ANCIENT HEADDRESS 135 The Looking Glass LITERATURE MY EAR is pained, My soul is sick with every day's report Of wrong and outrage, with which earth is filled. There is no flesh in man's obdurate heart. It does not feel for man: the natural bond Of brotherhood is severed as the flax That falls asunder at the touch of Are. He finds his fellow guilty of a skin Not colored like his own: and having power To enforce the wrong, for such a worthy cause Dooms and devotes him as his lawful prey. ******* Thus man devotes his brother, and destroys: 'Tis human nature's broadest, foulest blot. —Cowper. * * * We have received "The Black American," by Mrs. Florence Moss Blackwell, and The Master Musician, a much needed magazine published by colored editors, for colored lovers of music. * * * but a story of deep, human interest and passionate sympathy. "The third book, which will not be ready until next spring, is being prepared by Miss Ovington and M . T . Pritchard, head of the Everett School of Boston. It will be a school reader specially adapted to the needs of colored children. Why should these children only study books that describe the achievements of the white race and never mention the noble deeds and eloquent words of Negroes? The new school reader is an answer to this question. It will introduce colored children in the elementary schools to the best thoughts and the finest deeds of their own race. "These three books, as soon as they are published, may be obtained from THE CRISIS, or from any bookseller, or direct from the publishers, Harcourt, Brace ?nd Howe, 1 West Forty-seventh Street, New York City." THE HAND-WRITING INTERPRETED NO less a personage than Franklin H . Giddings, eminent sociologist and certainly no holder of a brief for the Negro, points the moral to be drawn from the re The New York firm of publishers—Harcourt, Brace and Howe, of whose Directors Major J. E. Spingarn is a member, announces the publication in the near future of three books dealing with the race question. The announcement reads: "The first of these, 'Darkwater,' by Dr. W. E. B. DuBois, will appear in January. It will be a volume of essays and sketches, like 'The Souls of Black Folk,' but maturer, richer, with a deeper race passion, and with a finer imaginative gift. Whether you like Dr. DuBois or not, whether you agree with him or not, you have got to admit that he is the greatest man of African blood in the world today, and that the world-wide audience which he will win for a book like this will result in incalculable benefit to the race. "The second book, 'The Shadow,' by Mary White Ovington, Chairman of the N. A. A. C. P., is a novel of extraordinary interest. It, also, will appear in January. It deals with a southern white girl, of aristocratic family, who has been left as an infant on the doorstep of a Negro cabin, grows up in this environment, believing herself colored, and then at the age of twenty-one learns of her real parentage, and goes out to start life anew in the northern white world. Her adventures North and South hold the attention from the first page to the last. This is not a book of propaganda, Board cent race riots. He says in the Indepen dent : The beam must first be cast out of the white man's eye. And this is no time to discuss the Negro's abilities and promise. Whether he can or cannot achieve all that he is ambitious to attain and to perform is at present an academic question. The white man must secure to him equality of opportunity and of rights. Nothing less will appease the black man's anger. Nothing less will satisfy hi? sense of justice. Nothing less can possibly satisfy the white man's sense of self-respect. We have to do with a question of civilization, work. If the white man dominates, his power lays him under obligation. It is for him to keep within the law, to obey the rule of reason, to redeem his pledges, to set example, exercise patience, and thereby to educate in citizenship. Moreover, let us not forget our psychology. The Negro responds to manners more readily than to orders. And this, too, is a fact of civilization. * * * Dr. Stanley Durkee, new president of Howard University, announced in his re-rent inaugural speech the program of 12,000,000 colored people: 136 THE LOOKING GLASS 137 Constitution, law, and every consideration They demand CHRISTIA NEDUCATION, with no barriers to the highest of justice and civilization, to wreak our un reaches of culture and inspiration. A care reasoning hatred upon our own citizens, ful study of conditions in portions of our whose only offense is a darker complexion land reveals educational crimes unspeak than the rest of us have? able. No people on earth have ever been able to get away with such hypocrisy, and none They demand the RIGHTS OFAMERICAN CITIZENSHIP. Make the stand ards as high as we should make them, then honor with the franchise, with jury right, with' public office, with rights on public conveyances—in short, with full American citizenship, all those, whatever the race or color, who shall attain to the standard set. They demand RESPECT FOR THEIR ACHIEVEMENTS, as we ask respect for our own. We must cease our sneering, our lying, our hypocrisy, and we must give to them the full rights of human achievement. * * * A departing German visitor takes bitter leave of America through the columns of ever will be. The terms of the proposition before us are as square as a die and as plain as day. There are only two possible solutions of the race problem in America. One is to give to the Negro citizen every legal right possessed by the white, every right of franchise, property, and legal protection, North and South. The other is to exterminate him; to go forth upon an errand of wholesale murder and kill every man, woman, and child of a darker complexion than an established standard. Which do we want? the New York Tribune. He remarks Parthian-wise: Last year your country, the so-called "land of the free and the home of the brave," lynched sixty-two human beings, among them Prager and fifty-eight Negroes. Some day, and the day is not far away, you will have to account for the wholesale killings of your colored brothers; and I assure you at the first opportunity the colored South will throw off your misrule and create its own, free, independent government. * * * Charles Edward Russell flings the challenge in Reconstruction: The Negro did not run in Chicago nor in Washington, and in my judgment he is not going to run anywhere. And the reason is that he has found himself. He knows now that he is a man; that makes the difference. He knows that he has under the Constitution of the United States certain rights declared to be inalienable and that these rights are denied to him. He sees elaborate preparations begun to enforce the Eighteenth Amendment to the Constitution, although that amendment is but a fanatic's dream, and he knows that nobody intends to enforce the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Amendments to the same Constitution, although these embody his sacred rights. He has looked upon all these things until the iron has entered his soul. He will not run away again. He will stand and fight. He has reached that point where a man would as lief die as continue to live under what he deems intolerable conditions of injustice, and when any men reach that state of mind, it is but wisdom to heed their protests. With what effrontery can we continue to urge peace, order, and the supremacy of law abroad, when at home we trample upon SABOTAGE! THU S do certain southernphilanthropists wheels of their good works! We have this account from the Greensboro Daily Record: We have been called upon to give $2,500 for the installation of a new heating plant at Bennett College, this city, and of this amount we have raised $1,400. Greensboro business men have thrown aside their duties and have passed the hat, so to speak, in behalf of the Negro. This is done, of course, through a spirit of altruism, and we expect no reward. But since we represent the Chamber of Commerce as well as ourselves in this drive, we do not feel right in asking white citizens of Greensboro to give a penny until the Negroes to be benefited by the various movements launched in their behalf take a definite stand against their racial brothers in Boston. And we look for a genuine, not an ostensible, stand. The Negro Agricultural and Technical College, this city, erected and maintained by the people, carries a prominent advertisement in THE CRISIS, a radical Negro pamphlet published in New York. And if the money we give is used to buy advertising space in a Bolshevik publication, I, for one, will not raise a penny for them. This magazine in its last issue urges armed rebellion against the white people. * * * According to a Greensboro paper, President Trigg "So far as the radical Negro paper published in New York is concerned," he said, speaking of one criticism of local Negro collegians patronizing the paper, "I disapprove of it and regard its doctrine as objectionable, and I do not allow it at the college for circulation among the students." 138 THE Other Negroes of the better class discussed the matter of the national agitation with the paper's representative, and they were unanimous in expressing appreciation of the fairness and justice of their white neighbors, officially and individually, and condemned the agitators. But Charles H . Moore, State Supervisor of Colored Rural Schools of North Carolina, expresses himself thus is no more fit to have a vote or to control letter to the Greensboro Independent: Speaking for myself, and I believe also .or every sensible and thoughtful Negro who lives in Greensboro, I wish to say that I do not condemn the efforts of every northern Negro who is making a contention for the rights guaranteed them and their southern brethren by the Constitution of the United States. We approve of the action of every Negro in this country, whether he lives in the North, South, East, or West, who is making a fight for the Constitutional rights of the race by every fair and legal method of which he can make use. And any Negro who does not endorse the latter program is not worthy of, and doesn't deserve, the few rights and privileges which he now enjoys. Even the white man, who is now striving to deprive us of our rights, would inwardly say "amen" to the last assertion. * * # Mary Roberts Coolidge of Berkeley, Cal., has her own views on TH E CRISIS. She writes to the Editor: Just a word to thank you for your kind assistance about the books for my class. Before your second letter came, I had given out for reading your History, and Booker Washington's "Up from Slavery" (and others) ; Kelly Miller's two books; the "Souls of Black Folk," and Baker's "Color Line." I had not seen Brawley's "History," but have sent for it and shall use it on your suggestion. Of course, the class is required to read TH E CRISIS, and we have been using my copy; but I am sending for another copy for the library. VAIN BABBLINGS IF it were not that there are still people foolish enough to be affected by this sort of talk, these two comments would not be worth mentioning. A Mrs. Miln is quoted thus in the London Sunday Evening Telegram: Under the best conditions the American darkies are truly lovable and splendidly loyal. Under the wrong conditions, they are beasts and a menace. In the South, before the Civil War, the "Black and White" conditions were at their best. Today, in Chicago, they are at their worst. Keep the CRISIS black in his place, and he is healthy, happy, and loyal. Let him put himself, or let cir cumstances put him, in a false position, and he becomes impossible—inflates, is discon tented, unruly, and an infection. He is all heart and stomach. Brain and conscience are rudimentary in the typical black. Except often come with it; he has little character. He sings and he cooks almost to perfection, and he" serves as well as he sings. But he frankl Negro, Indians, altogether his own life in the midst of a white community, than my dog is. And my dog is a splendid fellow, and a gentleman every clean hair of him. I respect him, and and he knows it. But I shall not consult him about my overdrawn bank account, or the education of my children. And this from Port Tampa City, Fla., by one J. H. Jones, which wobbles alike in facts and in grammar: We see and hear so much about thetrouble. I think, after all the talk that the Negro hates to be a Negro but can't help it. He seems to forget that this b a white man's country, taken from theagainst England, it came out victorious and established the .government under which we have grown to be a giant among nations. What did the Negro have to do with it? In fifty years, how changed the situation! The Negro has had the privilege of an education and been helped in many ways by the white race, but now he seems to be clamoring for power to control things to suit his aspirations,—Negro men wanting white wives! How utterly perverse—contrary to nature and a reproach to both races, and ought to be prohibited by law. NO DISPUTING OF TASTES ANDRE E VIOLLI S writes in thePhiladelphia Paris: In the Boulevard Theatre, at a most pathetic part of the play, a woman, late for the performance, stalked along to the stalls. M y interest in the play vanished in a flash. M y eyes turned away from the stage and remained fascinated—glued upon her. She was a sight, indeed. There she stood, draped in a heavy fur cape,—her neck, arms and back bare to the waist. A slashed panier bristled round her waist, in the guise of a loin cloth. Gold circlets hung from her ears to her shoulders and heavy gold anklets dangled on her feet. Al l this is nothing unusual, of course. We have seen it often enough. But her blonde hairdress, erected like a sugar loaf, strangely pinked out with ribbons and feathers, formed the weirdest contrast to THE LOOKING GLASS a dusky face, wavering; between African brown and red Indian. Overcome, I turned toward my friend. "What strange race is that?" I asked. "Such a skin, with fair hair, blue eyes, and a dear little turned-up nose! Is she a native of Africa? Does she hail from Honolulu? Where can she come from?" "And where do you come from yourself?" asked my friend, compassionately. "Don't you know anything about the new fashions? Last year women used brown powder, to look like South Americans. Now they are going one better,—after negroid art, fetes, and fashions. It is from blackest Congo that light is coming to us." "But how do they manage it?" "It's very simple. They soak their faces in iodine and acquire as many layers as required to suit their fancy." "But it burns," I gasped. "Iodine? Yes, it burns. Some, all too zealous and rash, had their skins peel off horribly, but after some days' retreat, they started again. " 'Que voulez-vous?' Doesn't the old French proverb say, you must suffer to be beautiful?" I gazed at the weird, painted idol, and whispered doubtfully: "After all, they say madness is sometimes sublime." THE PRESS AND THE PUBLIC JUS T how largely the Press, by featuring sensational reports, has been responsible for the recent outbreaks of lawlessness is a matter for conjecture. Certain it is, though, that such papers could not flourish were it not for a willingness on the part of the public to stand for a certain amount of yellow journalism. Clearly, the public taste must be elevated. The Lincoln, Neb., State Journal says: A reputable magazine contained the assertion the other day that practically every race riot in America has been preceded in the community affected, by conduct on the part of one or more local newspapers calculated to inflame race hatred. The recent horrible affair in the national capital was preceded by a period of sensational newspaper reports of alleged Negro crimes. One of Washington's most prominent newspapers, one representing a great property interest, has been publicly named as an inciter of the mob. The city of Atlanta was compelled some years ago to destroy by boycott a local newspaper which made it its business to inflame the white population against Negroes, thusviolence.  producing endless * * * The article continues: These evidences of the responsibility of newspapers for the good order of their communities must have a sobering effect upon us all. Newspapers are under a strong temptation to be sensational and mendacious. News in itself is not often very interesting. The public, a considerable share of it, seems to want to be thrilled, rather than informed. The newspaper with a thrill to sell is apt to find a larger market than the newspaper with news to sell. This is the source of much of the crime committed by newspapers against public order. * * * William Pickens, well-known Negro orator and scholar, shows in the columns of the Buffalo Express how the press builds up a sensational report from a very small grain of truth: The Associated Press bears a fearful responsibility in these riotous times. Let us notice how it reported that Knoxville (Tenn.) trouble. If you read "between the lines" and dig into the fine print, the plain facts are these: A Negro was in jail with no sort of direct evidence against him, but on suspicion of some possible connection with the murder of a woman, and a mob was trying to break into jail and murder this Negro, arrested on merest suspicion. As it was a white woman who was murdered, it is much more probable that some white man or woman killed her; but this Negro was arrested, not because he was anywhere near the place of the murder, but because he was in some other place, distant from the scene of murder, but apparently out of place. The puzzled police took him in the hope of solving the murder problem. But how does the press report the matter? See here (in big headlines) : "Mob attacks jail where Negro is held for murder of white woman." The plain truth is that this Negro was a suspect and it was hoped that he would prove to be at least an important witness. A little farther down and in smaller type the press approaches one degree nearer to the truth, by saying: "Mob bent on reaching _ Maurice Mayes, a Negro, arrested earlier in the day in connection with the murder." * * * As the article approaches the truth of the situation, less and less effort is made to catch the reader's attention. Mr. Pickens concludes: Farther down the column still and in still less conspicuous print, the press adds more light: "Maurice F. Mayes, a Negro, who had been arrested as a suspect in connection with the murder." A t the very bottom the press incidentally states that Mayes had been arrested "for prowling about the house of another white family." Here we get the last of the truth, little by little, and not one person out of 50 will ever bother to piece it together. This man Mayes was not even near the place where the woman was killed, but was near the house of "another white family," and TH E CRISIS 140 looking as if he had no business there. So An ' A h don' wan' to leavah me behind." far as that evidence goes, he may be as innocent of murder as any man who reads There is one gem which is music through these lines. and through. A slim, young girl comes But the way in which the press introforward. "Listen to the Lambs," she sings, duced that matter to the public will by no in a voice which rises and rises, and is means tend to impress the facts of the case. backed by the softened voices of the choir, Those later fine-print approaches to truth making insistently the same request. will never wipe out the effect of that first Suddenly the beautiful voice stops and big headline in the mind of the average floods out again, singing the words which, reader. to Handel's music, have thrilled Western audiences for years. AMERICAN NEGRO MUSICIANS But it is to another setting that this ABROAD singer of a strange folk sings the words "He shall feed His flock," while the chorus MR. WILL MARION COOK'S Southern behind sing of the lambs, in liquid tones. Syncopated Orchestra is making The Syncopated Orchestra has certainly good in London. C. Dutordoit writes in the something to teach musicians of older tradi London Musical Standard: tions. It also makes a strange little appeal by reason of the Twice daily at the human note which Philharmonic Hall runs through its unthere is musical familiar promerriment of the gramme. gayest description, for there Mr. Will Marion Cook and Ward Muir ob the SouthernSyncopated Orchestra, serves thoughtfully which he directs, in the London Fragplay with a swing ments : and verve that no audience could re When the memsist, music which is bers of theSyncopated Orchestra rag-time and other filed on to thePhilharmonic stage, I thing s besides. realized at once the There is no doubt veracity and pathos that in their finest of the phrase"coloredgentlemen, selections this or for the dark faces chestra is really behind the footlights great; their perwere not a bit com formances of th e ic, as the "nigger Brahms Hungarian minstrels" to whom Dance No. 5 and Dvorak's"Humoreske" are simply de lightful, and an other most success1 had been taken in ful piece is Tyer's my childhood had "Call o' the Woods." been They hadn't * * * Shoe-Shine complex ions or bulbous red lips. On the con trary, most of them Gwladys T. Jones, struck me as refined, Mr.Will Marion cook and confederate intellectual, sensi writing in theLondonDaily Chronicle, at the Philharmonic Hall tive and a little sad. descries something Somehow, the cir From a London paper. beneath these musicians' cheerful exterior: cumstance that sev eral of these dark-skinned entertainers wore pince-nez added a touch of queer dig They are very gay, these musicians of a nity to their aspect. The Ethiopian eyes wronged race. But underneath, for the disbehind those pince-nez looked forth over the cerning mind, there is sadness and heartfashionable audience of Europeans with abreak, some sublimated melancholy of half-benignant yet reproachful gaze, as though remembered things. to say, "You Londoners are the barbarians, They sing of the heaven which consoled not we. You are the heathen, not we. You them in the days of their bitterness in the invented that figment, the 'Nigger Minstrel'; we material terms which brought consolation up and apologizing. and hope to the people who were but as little children. The Syncopateds can do more than- per "There's a golden harp in heaven, A h form miracles of team-work as orches anknow, tra. They can sing. And when they sing THE LOOKING GLASS they can pull at your heart-strings. Well, lation to the white man in this country will don't blush to confess that those preposbe gladly received by the people of Mississippi, terously naive religious melodies, as old as labor." the crime of Africa's slave trade, brought a lump to my throat. * * * It is stimulating to know that the Jackson, However, the lump-in-the-throat is not one's only physical sensation at the Philharmonic Hall. The entertainment contains him. It begins with a description of one many a hearty guffaw and a continuous succession of pleasant chuckles. But if you want the sort of buffoonery associated with "nigger minstrels"—don't go. And don't go if you dislike being confronted by the truth that "colored gentlemen" can be an accurate label, especially in regard to the noun. * * * Roland W. Hayes, famous Negro tenor, is planning a striking and original project. Philip Hale in the Boston Herald, after congratulating Mr. Hayes on the quality of his work in his recent recital in Boston, continues : Writers about Afro-American music have expressed the wish that the music of the Negro in Africa should be carefully studied by those well equipped for the purpose. Travelers, as Burton and Winwood Reade, have contributed only notes more or less superficial. The former maintained stoutly that the African was not creatively musical. Reade had much to say about the passion of the African for the drum. Mr. Hayes, a singer, known favorably by his art throughout the country, purposes next spring to sojourn in Africa after visiting, and probably singing in certain European cities. In Africa he will study the unadulterated native music. Having obtained this material he will inquire into possible modifications in the ante-slavery years of this country: whether genuine African melodies were transplanted; if they were, how far they were changed by the music then heard in towns, in churches, and coming from the master's house on the plantation. There will remain for him the study of the Negro music that has developed since the Civil War. THE GOVERNORS OF MISSISSIPPI COLORED people throughout the coun try might be expected to vilify Theodore G. Bilbo, Governor of Mississippi, if it were only for his recent pronouncement in the Chicago Herald and Examiner : Leo Russell, Democratic nominee for Governor "Lee Russell, a common little bounder and character assassin, a perfect prototype of the man who now holds that office, has been nominated for Governor of Mississippi by the Democratic Party." * * * Then the News pays its compliments to the present incumbent, Mr. Bilbo: The election of Lee Russell means Bilbo administration, with all its rottenness and depravity, its filth, dirt, and intrigue, that has nauseated all decent people. It means an endorsement of the Mississippi Insan version of that institution by Bilbo and his cohorts into a common assignation house. It means an endorsement of pillage and plunder at the State Treasury, and the riot ous and extravagant expenditure of public funds. * * * On the other hand, a pamphlet issued by the friends of Russell runs down theRepublican 1900 he "deplored the fact of the existence of the mob spirit in the State"! The article asks: White Men of Mississippi, Do YO U Endorse And Longino apologizes and calls his for mer attitude a mistake! Who would live in Mississippi unless he had to! PROTESTS FROM GEORGIA AND ARKANSAS THE Roman Catholic Diocese of Georgia has an honest Bishop, the Rt. Rev. Benjamin J. Keiley, who points out in the •Savannah	 Press what the South may expect unless it stamps out lynching: Look at the statistics in our own state. Georgia stands first in the list of states in the matter of lynching. Has there ever been a man punished in this state for lynch ing a Negro? Lynching is murder, nothing else. received "Your telegram asking how manyNegroes Mississippi can absorb, Besides, is it not the fact that fair and reply I desire to state that we have all the impartial justice is not meted out to white room in the world for what we know as and colored men alike? The courts of this 'n-i-g-g-e-r-s,' but none whatever for 'colstate either set the example, or follow the ored ladies and gentlemen.' If these Negroes have been contaminated with north example set them, and they make a great ern social and political dreams of equality, distinction between the white and the black we cannot use them, nor do we want them. criminal brought before them. The latter, The Negro who understands his proper re as a rule, gets the full limit of the law. Do you ever hear of a street difficulty in which 142 TH E CRISIS a Negro and a white man were involved, Attacks on Negroes merely because they which was brought before a judge, in which, are Negroes, as' reported from Georgia, exno matter what were the real facts of the cite the indignation of all self-respecting case, the Negro did not get the worst of it? white men of the South". When a crime is committed by a Negro, and white ruffians Are there not numbers of honest, law-set out to kill other Negroes, against whose abiding citizens of Georgia, who know that innocence is no shadow of evidence, these I am telling God's truth, and who will prowhite men place themselves on the level of test against this injustice to the Negro? the Turks who massacre Armenians—they Is there not a just and fearless man on the are a disgrace to the citizenry of any land, bench in this state who will have the courcivilized or semi-civilized. age to announce that there shall be no Occasionally a man has killed an innocent difference in his court between the rich and Negro and fancied that "he got by with it" the poor, nor between the white man and —but it is not true. Manslaughter is not the colored man? necessarily murder, and the laws wisely Injustice and disregard of law and the draw the distinctions; but no mortal man lawful conduct of affairs are the sure forehas ever gained by murder, whether his runners of anarchy and the loss of our libvictim was the lowly or the mighty, and no erty, and we are drifting in that direction. murderer goes unpunished that the country I have plead for justice to the Negro beof the murderer does not suffer the penalty cause it is his due and is right. many times over. Both Divine and human law are flouted when such injustice is done. The Negro Thousands of graves of white men slain will not stand asking for justice from by white men are in the cemeteries of the Georgia laws, or Georgia courts. He has South because of the toleration and tacit been patient, and I hope he will remain so, encouragement of murder of Negroes; for but he well knows where the remedy lies, when the white jury neglects to punish the and he will very soon be found knocking at murderer of a Negro it fosters murder as the door of the Federal Congress, asking a habit. Probably never was an innocent protection. He will merely ask the pittance Negro slaughtered in the South that some of the life of himself, his wife, and chilwhite man, not in any way connected with dren. And Congress will hear him. the quarrel, did not bite the dust as a result of it, for the simple reason that crime is a disease that draws no color line, and white If appeals to right, to justice, to Christian morality, do not avail to put a stop to men infected with it by the killing of Negroes, this injustice to the Negro, and protect him against the murderous lynchers, then Georgia will see Federal bayonets giving It is the law of nature that the killing him protection. of Negroes does not go unavenged, and * * * there is many a family of white orphans in the South that owes its sorrowful condi The United States must set its own house tion to the folly that permits the practice of in order, declares Dr. John Hugh Reynolds lawlessness against men with black skins. in the Little Rock, Arkansas, Gazette: We have a new Negro; he has come back COALS OF FIRE from the war changed. He has been deeply THE Manchester, England, Guardian moved by the democratic and humanitarian addresses of our President; he has taken tells of the conclusion of the Cardiff much credit to himself for our victory, and riots: he has come back with a new sense of his "I swear, so help me God, our watchword, importance and with aspirations, the realiwithin the law to abide." This was the zation of which means to overturn our trasolemn oath taken by a gathering of colditional views and modes of life. A carored men at Cardiff today. dinal fact is that the Negro is not willing to, take his old place and status before the war. Dr. Rufus E. Fernel, Pontypridd, who pre In some cases he has come back with ideas sided, announced that the meeting was rep of social and political equality. resentative of "all the sons of Ham," there being present four types of Negro races— If there is trouble with the Negro, the namely, Africans, West Indians, Arabians, white people will be largely responsible for and Portuguese subjects. Referring to the it. . . . The leading white people should riots, the Chairman said it was their duty ascertain the real grievances of the Negro; to remain within the law, but if they did and then take steps to see that wrongs are not protect their homes after remaining righted. Simple justice must be done to. within the law they would be cowards, not the Negro. Injustice will breed trouble. men. (Applause.) As colored men, they had suffered their share of the privations of war, but the recognition of their work THE BOOMERANG must be brought about in a quiet and orTHE Columbia, S. C , Star maintains derly way. As for the soldier who had that injustice to the Negro reacts been killed, an act he characterized as disinevitably to the detriment of the whites: graceful, those responsible for it must pay. 143 THE LOOKING GLASS Those of them who had suffered privations the captured German Colonies should be rewithin the last few days must, suffer in turned to them, because of the cruelties silence, pending the time when they could practised by the Germans, because of their make a legal appeal. He asked to suppress lack of sympathy with black races. We anything which might tend to cause any have protested—and quite rightly—against friction. the return of the Colonies to Germany. But were we deluded when we protested? The chairman was appointed as a deleIf Germany knows what is happening in gate to place the colored men's case before free England, how she must be laughing! the Lord Mayor, and it was also decided to publish the amount of damage suffered by the colored community during the riots. The members of our race ask only for equality of treatment and of opportunity. If there is to be a fight, we do not shirk In commenting on the conditions prevailit. We do not suppose that any of us ing between blacks and whites in England, would object very strongly if the odds were the African Telegraph issues what seems even three to one. But when, as happened to us a rather splendid pronouncement: in Cardiff, the odds are 3,000 to 30, or 100 to 1, well, we have to ask if this is a sample We are British subjects and the honor of British pluck, or British justice, of play of Britain is necessarily dear to us. On ing the game? any matter that affects the welfare of our race and our rights as loyal British subjects, we should consider it our privilege to speak our mind plainly to or about the Paid agents are doing the work of Britain'sBritish Government. Bat if a foreigner— that if you ill-treat us in England, we will French, German. Russian, or else—came rebel in the Colonies, and so tie your hands to us and spoke disparagingly of the British and ruin theEmpire.WeEmpire in general going to help the or of Great Britain enemies of Britain. in particular on acSo we appeal to the count of its native noble - hearted men policy, he would an d women who soon realize that we love freedom to help were not prepared us fight against to tolerate any forlynching and mob eign interference in rule. We appeal to the domestic affairs British women not of this country. 	to take any notice An d foreigners of the rotten things have been talking to said about us. We us about these racial appeal to British riots in London, in 	men to be fair to us and to remember Cardiff, and inLiverpool, an d have that in every trop been asking us what ical colony and de we thought of them pendency they find and what we thought work and welcome in our midst. of England. W e have been making excuses, saying that the people who did NEGRO PRESS these things were SPEAKS not the real British, ON FREEDOM OF THE but are an unedu PRESS cated lot, whilst the One of Texas' good .sense of the richest colored citicountry condemns zens an d largest their excesses. And taxpayers said to Americans, upo n "JONATHAN : It's very simple, Bill; in war-time whom we came by you must rush ahead; now you stay in the rear." the editor of the Houston, Tex.,Informera chance, asked us From Lustige Blaetter, Berlin; also copied in Le Rire, Paris hence: "I will not whether any paper, live in any town where I can not read my or public man, or asrace newspapers." This should be the sociation, had taken up the matter. We viewpoint of every colored American. could only think of one person, a magistrate, enemies are few who had declared that the police were to be protected in the execution of their duty. In several Texas towns, villages, and hamlets, the "powers that be" have for colored of the Natives themselves  race During the war, responsible British Ministersbidden said that in the Americans interests to read newspapers. Think of such a decree being TH E CRISIS issued to freemen, when they have just participated in a world war for the democracy of other peoples! 0, doctor, bring the pulmotor! Mind you, no decree has been issued forbidding the reading of papers of other racial units, despite their RADICALISM on the race question and their preaching of "FORCE" to the members of said racial groups. The Informer is NOT AN ADVOCATE OF FORCE NOR VIOLENCE. It has an abhorrence for the latter and only relishes the former in case of self-defense, for "selfpreservation is the first law of nature"; but there is a way out of such, and that is to leave those hell-holes and move to a community that will afford them a larger degree of freedom and liberty. When any people are denied the rights to read newspapers, hold religious services, meet in fraternal sessions, and maintain other organizations for their progress, betterment, and advancement, they have ceased to be freemen and are slaves. * » * The St. Louis, Mo., Independent Clarion decides: The Negro press must take the lead for spreading wholesome thought that will arouse the mind of the nation to a sense of deliberation that will correct abuses. Our schools cannot do much with the situation. Our churches will not, for they are not interested in the material welfare of a people; so it is the Negro press that must take the lead in bringing before the world the things necessary for the enjoyment of life. Public opinion that will arouse every man and woman to see properly the things that will make the world happy is what is needed to relieve us of this general unrest. * * * According to the Texas Freeman: Negr o voters throughout O N ORGANIZATION Texas have everything to gain and not a single thing to lose by following the lead of the cotton jammers and screwmen, the longshoremen, and similar Negro organizations at Galveston. Al l of these are qualified voters. In one, and requires thorough in a heart-to-heart talk on Negro activities— political activities, particularly such as nominating candidates for city offices, the election of Independent and Fusion tickets, and now and then candidates for Congress, et cetera, Mr. Harrison said: "Colored voters at Galveston are really a factor in all elections, city and county, anyhow, as you see from the representation we have now in different departments of our city government. We now have six patrolmen and two detectives on the police force. Of course, we don't do it alone, but by co-operating with other groups in our cosmopolitan population, our organizations, numbering from 300 to 500 members each, combine with other groups of liberally disposed white men, such as the Galveston Club, and together fight for that which is ours in city affairs. If the Negroes throughout Texas were organized as they are in labor unions at Galveston, their potency as a political factor would be recognized and it would be very easy for them to affiliate with Democrats like the Bailey-Ferguson and Hobby Democrats fall and fishes and raise hell generally on prohibition. * * * The Savannah Tribune points a warning: It will never be possible to replace Negro labor and remove it from competition in America again. There can be no doubt about that. Organized labor turned to organizing and affiliating Negro skilled trades with the American Federation of Labor, because of this fact. This great body acted, not out of interest in Negro working men, but in the hope of removing the Negro laborer as a competitor with white men in American industry. Their plan of organizing Negro units was apparently fair on its face, but there has never been the disposition among those all along down the line of organized labor to deal justly with Negro labor. Here, we do not argue that organized effort is wrong and bad for the Negro, but rather that as it is practiced by those who execute the plans of organized labor, it has had the effect of tying the hands and closing the doors to Negro labor. Negroes must be careful of organization, knowing the bitter experiences of the past. They must insist on equitable representation in every division and grade of authority, and a fair execution of the laws governing them. If not, they are lost. * * * R. V. Selope Thema writes in the African Telegraph: "The color question," says ON INTER-MARRIAGE Mr. Boyton, "is an Imperial vestigation." And I agree with him, and it is because of its importance to the Empire that I ventured to write about this subject. Now is the opportune hour for British statesmen to inquire into the state of affairs in Africa. Things are done in that unfortunate Continent which would shock humanity if brought to light, and the worst part of it all, they are done in the name of this country. Sir, if anything could be said against men of my race, it is that they marry white girls, and not ruin them, as white men do our girls. The Africans will certainly not object to the proposals of no association between white and black, if by that is meant the return of the whites from Africa to Europe. The Horizon COMPILED BY MADELINE G . ALLISON . MUSIC AND ART a chorus of 300. Among boxholders were Governor Lowden, Senator McCormick, and UNITED WEST AFRICA," apamphlet written by the Honorable Casely Hayford, will soon be issued from Congressman Madden. the press of C. M . Phillips, London, England. G A branch of the National Association of Colored Musicians has been organized in Indianapolis, Ind. Miss Ellen Thomas is C The Choral Society of First Baptist president. Church in Charleston, W. Va., under the d For twenty years the Columbia Glee direction of Mary E. Gardner, has preClub in Boston, Mass., has held weekly sented a Festival of Negro Music, sung rehearsals. Its members are colored men, by fifty voices, to an audience of six hunranging from professionals to laborers. The dred people. director is Malcolm Lang, organist at C Hazel Harrison has given a recital in King's Chapel. Chicago, 111., at Kimball Hall. The Chicago Daily Tribune says: "Some ten or C Mme. Christine Langenhan, a Metropolitan Oper twelve years ago this young pianist came recital at Haines Institute, Augusta, Ga., forward as a child prodigy—yesterday her and Tuskegee Institute, in Alabama. playing showed that the promise of those earlier years had not failed of fulfillment. C. In New York City, seventy colored muShe was heard in a trying program—in all sicians, led by William H . Tyers, a Negro, of these, excellent technical facility and were engaged by the Mayor's Committee to surety, fine tonal sense, and good musiplay at a reception to the Prince of Wales. cianship were in evidence." C Maude D. Shields, a colored girl of Cedar C At a recital in Jordan Hall, Boston, Rapids, Iowa, has signed a contract to Mass., Irma Seydel, violinist, presented write scenarios for the Essanay andGoldwynfilm two numbers written by Clarence Cameron White, the colored violinist-composer. The Boston Post in speaking of the "Chant" INDUSTRY and "Dance" states that "Both these THE Mutual Savings Bank, a coloredinstitutionpieces displayed a delicate harmonic sense creased its capital stock from $25,000 to and considerable ability in the technique $150,000. The business is to be moved to of musical composition." a three-story bank building, where improve (I Clarence C. White has presented in Boston, Mass., an unusually talented colored ments will include modern fixtures, a stone pupil, Elmer Harrell, in a violin recital. front, and a vault costing $17,000. In Mr. Harrell played numbers by Bach, March, 1919, this bank declared a dividend Wieniawski, Hubay, Drdla, Musin, Sara-of 10%. It has resources of $500,000 and sate, Burleigh, White and Coleridge-Taylor; 3,000 depositors. Levi C. Brown is presi he was assisted by Ella France Jones, soprano, and Miss Eva Dykes and Mr.Barrow, accompanists. dent. C The Wage Earners' Bank in Savannah, Ga., during the twelve months ending September 30 266 and added 4,000 depositors; this is a C Negroes in Chicago, 111., have presented gain of $74,014 and 1,700 depositors over "The Masque of Colored America," at Orchestra Hall. The masque represented the the increase of the preceding twelve months. progress of the Negro since 1619; it was The bank has combined assets of $779,285 directed by Mrs. Fannie H . Clint and and 15,000 depositors, distributed over James A. Mundy, with Mary E. Jones and twenty-eight states. Mr. L. E. Williams is George L . Johnson, soloists, supported by president. 145 146 C J. W. Rose, a colored man, hasa hotel for Negroes in New Yorkcovers three buildings in West 135th and has a dining-room with seating capacity for 350 people. C The New York Age, one of New York City's colored weeklies, is being removed to larger quarters, in Harlem, where a new THE opened  City; it  Street, CRISIS as a $25,000 business to manufacture dyes. The chief chemist is Harry Keelan, a Harvard graduate a New York firm as Consulting Chemist, at a salary of $300 per month; associated with Mr. Keelan is Eugene L. C. Davidson, a graduate of Harvard and an ex-Army offi cer of the 367th Infantry. This company is producing colors that are 99% chemically installed pure. printing plant, including a WebbPerfecting Newspaper Press, will be C President Hughes reported to the convention of the Coopers' International Union, held in New York City, "We must bend our efforts toward unionizing our colored coopers, and stabilize in a comparative way their wage scales and working conditions." C The Bishop Baking Company, Inc., has been organized by Negroes in New York City, to enter a chain bakery, restaurant, and grocery business. C Negroes in Philadelphia, Pa., have incorporated the Modern Realty and Construction Company, which is capitalized at $100, 000. The Directors are Charles Dunmore, Frank L. Howard, and J. S. Oliver; George W. Bell is president. C The Western Mutual Fire Insurance Company at San Antenia, Texas, has been granted a charter to operate throughout the state. This business is controlled and operated by Negroes, with A. K. Leonard, president. (I Negroes in New York City have held a meeting toward 1;he establishment of a bank, in Harlem, at which $10,000 was subscribed. Augustus Duncan presided. C Paul Simmons, a Negro, at Indianapolis, Ind., manufactures printers' and writing ink for the trade; he has trade with large white printing companies. G The Laborers' Penny Savings Bank and Loan Company, a colored business, at Way-cross, Ga., has become the owner of a half of English block, where it will erect a modern bank building; the property is 55 x 200 feet, valued at $20,000. Within the past three months the resources of this bank have increased from $37,924 to nearly $75, 000. (I In Baltimore, Md., colored lawyers have bought a four story building, at 14 E. Pleasant Street, which they have named the Banneker Law Building. d In Houston, Tex., Negroes have subscribed $11,600 toward their Twentieth Century State Bank and Trust Company, which is to be capitalized at $100,000. Attorney J. there were five subscriptions of $500 each; 1, $300; 10, $200; 45, $100. O The Wanamaker Store in Philadelphia, Pa., employs from three to five hundred Negroes, some quiring ability and tact. The colored unit of employees has formed the Robert C. Ogden Association. C Two hundred colored steel workers in the Wisconsin Steel Mills have given up their jobs and 700 additional Negroes have promised similar action; they demand equal treatment with other workers. C In Atlanta, Ga., colored people have incorporated a stock exchange, including a brokerage department; it will underwrite, promote, organize and re-organize, and finance corporations. Among the officers are Harry H. Pace, W. S. Cannon, W. J. Shaw, Dr. J. W. E. Linder, and Weldon A. Beasley, who is president. C Colored farmers in Macon County, Ala., since 1910 have increased their land holdings from 61,689 acres to 79,177. The tax records of the colored population are as follows: farm lands, $430,528; city realty, $163,445; personal property, $140,922—a total of $734,895. G During the past seven months, Negroes in New York City have purchased real estate totalling over $4,000,000. This prop (T The Afro-American Company in Baltimore, Md., has purchased the three-story building which this colored weekly has been occupying, and in addition two four-story buildings. (I The Color Company of America has been incorporated in New York City by Negroes, erty is between 127th and 145th Streets. THE WAR THE North Side Colored Community War Workers in Pittsburgh, Pa., have given a welcome-home celebration for 300 THE HORIZON colored soldiers. Senator Morris Enstein Sandusky County, whose husband, John delivered the principal address. Henry Willey, was lynched in 1915. She C Mr. R. F. Williams, a Negro in St. Louis is suing the county for $5,000 damages Mo., has been awarded a Red Cross Service under the Anti-Lynching Law. Cross; the citation is for 800 hours' service. C Governor Brough of Arkansas after con C. The Croix de Guerre and a citation for ferring with Dr. E. C. Morris and Bishop bravery have been sent by the French Government to Marcellus Bailey, a Negro in Conner, appointed a committee of seven Chester, Pa. (I Colonel Charles Young, the retired colored officer, has been selected as Military Attache to Liberia, at the request of the African Republic. GHETTO E.	 L. MEADOR, a workman at Camp Pike, Arkansas, has been awarded a from a passenger coach reserved for whites. Meador was badly cut. (I In Anne Arundel County, Md., the average salary of 135 white teachers in primary and grammar schools is $686, while 55 colored teachers average $306. C A t Miami, Fla., intimidation has been offered white tourists who hire colored chauffeurs. The Chamber of Commerce has condemned this southern attitude. C There is a colored girl at the Calexico High School, Imperial County, Cal., who ranks highest in educational attainments among 105 students; these white students, however, have refused to sit on the same platform with her at the coming commencement. Job Wood, Deputy Superintendent of Public Instruction, says that "If there are any exercises, the colored girl must be on the platform," and, further, that the white girls "should go back into the public schools and have a real training for American citizenship." C A t Vinita, Okla., different hearses are used for white and colored people. Since the hearse for Negroes has worn out, a colored woman recently had to send to Chetopa, Kan., for another hearse. CRIME THE Hotel Brotherhood of Philadelphia, Pa., has spent $500 in rewards and detective fees and brought to trial for prosecution the Cothrons [white], who hired an automobile from John T. Weldon [colored], whom, it is alleged, they murdered. (I The Supreme Court of Ohio has decided to review the case of Olive Willey, from verdict of $2,500 damages against theMissouri-Pacific Railroad; in ejecting a Negro awarded a verdict of $2,000 damages, by white and seven colored men to confer in the interest of the Negroes convicted in the Elaine riots. The committee recommended that the cases be sent to the Supreme white and a colored lawyer to take up the cases. (I Mary A. Sims, widow of a colored preacher, Watson T. Sims, who was lynched at York, Pa., several years ago, has been Judge Thomas S. Sease, against York County. This was the third trial of the case. Two previous verdicts were set aside, by Judges Ernest Moore and R. W. Memminger. C. The following lynchings have taken place since our last record: Marianna, Ark., October 20, Alexander Wilson, shot; shooting and killing of Ruth Murrah. Moberly, Mo., November 16, unknownNegro; for a fire had been built in the public park— had not the limb of the tree broken and these Negroes escaped. Madison, Ga., November 20, Wallace Baynes, shot; murder of Kay Ogburn, railroad station agent. Lambert, Miss., November 21, Robert Motley, tenant farmer; dispute over crop settlement. R. W. Sivley, white, who went to the assistance of the planter, was killed by the Negro. Foxworth, Tex., November 28, Neville Foxworth, shot; alleged attempted attack upon a white girl. Chapmanville, W. Va., December 15, Earl Whitney and E. D. Whitfield, shot and thrown into river; accused of the murder of E. D. Meek, a construction foreman. EDUCATION CENTRAL COLORED HIGH SCHOOL in Shreveport, La., has opened for its third session, with ten teachers and Principal put upon the State Approved List. In the 148 THE CRISIS recent State Fair, Central took 20 first prizes, 17 second, 4 third, and 1 fourth. C The State Board of Education has approved the 1919-20 budget of $330,162 for the Bordentown, N. J., School. This sum includes $160,000 for a building containing a dining-room for 500 students, an auditorium seating 600 people, a kitchen, and a gymnasium; space will thus be released in the Administration Building for additional class-rooms. McDonogh No. 35 Evening School for Negroes in New Orleans, La., has 816 students, ranging from 16-61 years of age; 300 students are adults of mature ages.  The Board of Education at Cincinnati, Ohio, has authorized $720,000 for the construction of the Harriet Beecher Stowe School for Negroes. It will be a modern school building, with thirty class-rooms. C Plans are under execution for the building of more than 100 schools for Negroes in Mississippi during the present year. Ten buildings, averaging from $15,000 to $25,000 each, are now under construction. W. N. Cummings, a colored student at the University of Pennsylvania, was the winning runner in the Dartmouth-Columbia-Pennsylvania cross-country meet in New York City; he jumped in the lead just before the third mile mark was reached and held it to the finish; his time was 33:45. Cummings' victory helped Pennsylvania to win the team honors, on a score of 21 points. C Miner Normal School in Washington, D. C, has called to its Department of English, J. Francis Gregory, a colored graduate of Amherst College and Yale University, and formerly a teacher in the Manual Training and Industrial School of Bordentown, N. J., the High School of Baltimore, Md., and Howard University. Mr. Gregory recently completed two years' experience as Field Secretary of the War Work Council of the Y. M. C. A. in army camps in the United States. C The following football scores have been made: Howard ....... 0 Lincoln ........ 0 Morehouse ..... 14 Atlanta ....... 6 Morehouse ..... 1  Tuskegee ...... 0 Howard ....... 12 Hampton ...... 7 Hampton ...... 13 Petersburg  .... 13 C The fiftieth anniversary of Atlanta University has been celebrated by a pageant, "The Open Door," written by the wife of the president, Edward T. Ware.  Charles Anderson, a colored student of Geneva College, Beaver Falls, Pa., has been awarded a scholarship which will last as long as he desires to remain at the College; his election to membership in the Adelphic Society marks the first Negro member in thirty years. A tour of schools for Negroes in the South is being made by the General Education Board, with an idea toward increasing donations to deserving schools. FRATERNITIES THE New Masonic Hall Corporation in Washington, D. C, of which Dr. William A. Warfield is president, has collected $50,000 for the erection of a Masonic Temple, at Tenth and You Streets, Northwest. Colored Odd Fellows in New York are raising a fund of $150,000 for the erection of a State Headquarters Building, the ground for which has already been purchased in West 135th Street. Pythians in Baltimore, Md., are planning $50,000 improvements in their Temple; an auditorium with a seating capacity of 1,500, and new lodge rooms are to be added. George W. Watty is head of the fraternity in Maryland.  A home for disabled members is to be established by the New Jersey Knights of Pythias, on a 300 acre farm in Burlington County. The farm includes ten acres of cranberries under cultivation. CHURCH IN Georgia, the A. M. E. Church, under *¦ Bishop Flipper, has raised $38,000; the C. M. E. Church, under Bishops R. S. Williams and L. H. Holsey, in Georgia and South Carolina,, has raised $55,000; the Baptists of Georgia, under Dr. Reddick. are winding up a campaign for $50,000.  The Baptist Temple in New York City has purchased at $30,000 a plot in West 129th Street, 50 x 100 feet, for the erection of a new edifice. The Rev. M. B. Hucless is pastor. First African Baptist Church in Philadelphia, Pa., has celebrated her 110th anniversary. A committee of 110 persons collected $5,000 in pledges.   The Rev. William THE HORIZON 149 A . Harroci is pastor, and the church has a President and Congress order an investiga membership of 2,000. tion. C Mother A . M . E . Zion Church in New POLITICS York City in her thirty-sixth annual fair IN Baltimore, Md., there are 126,188registered and mortgage fund rally raised $10,277. The figure for Negroes is the largest in The pastor is Rev. J. W. Brown. twenty years and shows a gain of 1,001 dur C Bethany Baptist Church in Homewood, ing the recent registration. Pa., has paid $29,500 for the purchase of C. Hervytown Ward in Nicholasville, Ky., a stone and brick church building and two has elected its first colored representative, in houses. The property is located at the the person of George Combs as Councilman. corner of Pennsylvania and Brushton Avenues, a fashionable residence district.. The Mr. Combs won by a large majority over pastor of Bethany is Rev. J. G. St. Clair his white Democratic opponent. Drake. C The Coolidge Republican Club of Boston, Mass., composed of colored voters, has unan C. Fleet Street Memorial A . M . E . Zion imously adopted a resolution endorsingGovernor Church in Brooklyn, N . Y. , in a rally for nomination as President in 1920. $6,000, representing the indebtedness of the d Louisville, Ky., last year had increase an church, raised $8,570. of 2,800 colored voters over the previous year's registration; there are 10,666 colored C Dr. E. H. Hunter, pastor of Old Emanuel A. M. E. Church in Portsmouth, Va., Republicans and 11,800 white. The Republican has been put forward by Virginians and 373. Carolinians for elevation to the Bishopric at the general convention, which will meet at St. Louis, Mo., in May. (IMonte L. Robinson, a colored Republican, MEETINGS has been appointed a tip-staff in the Court THE annual Tuskegee Negro Conference of Alleghany County, Pa. Mr. Robinson will be held at Tuskegee Institute, served with the French Foreign Legion in January 21-22. China and was decorated for meritorious C. The Association of Colleges for Negro service. Youth has met at Talladega College in its SOCIAL PROGRESS seventh annual meeting. Among the speak ers were President McKenzie, of Fisk, and SENATOR ARTHUR CAPPER, of Kansas, Dean Jones, of Wilberforce. The organizaof the National Association for the Advancement tion plans to carry on an active campaign C Messrs. Milledge and Morris Anderson, for high school education of Negroes in of Bonaventure, Ga., the only colored exthe South. Dean Brawley, of Morehouse hibitors in the Livestock Department of the College, is president of the Association. Chatham County Fair, were awarded four C. Ten colored churches in Houston, Tex., blue ribbons, as first prize winners in the united for a week's Jubilee Exposition. The hog exhibit. project was a success and $1,244 was raised. C A meeting concerning mob violence has (I Dr. U . G. Vincent, the colored interne at been held at Tremont Temple, Boston, Mass. Bellevue Hospital in New York City, has The Honorable Moorfield Storey, National demonstrated a new operation for varicocele President of the N . A . A . C. P., presided before the American College of Surgeons. and among the speakers were James Weldon C. A recent discussion of the Chiropean Johnson, Brigadier-General Sherburne, and Club in Brooklyn, N. Y., was "The Negro." Congressman Martin B. Madden. Papers were read on the Negro in Music C Fifteen hundred Negroes in a meeting in and Art, Education, Political Life, Literature, an New York City denounced the action of the Arkansas courts in condemning to death C The Falls Church, Va., Branch of the N . eleven colored rioters. They characterized A. A . C. P., has been changed to the Fairfax the conviction as a "debasement of the County Branch, with a membership of 300. American heritage of Liberty andConstitutional rights," and demanded that the Mr. J. B. Tinner, of Falls Church, is presi dent. 150 THE (I In Boston, Mass., Frank M . Snowden, a Negro, is employed in an Army office as Chief Clerk, at a salary of $2,240 per year. CRISIS "no Negro nurses were accepted," has been reinstated, with a concession of $50 a month instead of $8, the usual amount paid student nurses. Her suit under the Civil Rights C. Arthur G. Dore, United States Supervisor of Census, announces that Negroes are to be Federal Census takers in sections Law was withdrawn. where they form the largest population, with (I Colored men in the Auburn, N. Y., State preference given to those who were in the Prison, have been granted permission to military service. celebrate Emancipation Day, on the eighth of January next. A program, including i film from the colored Lincoln Motion Pictun G~ Property 90 x 170 feet, on WestRittenhouse Street, costing $16,000, has been pur Company, and a banquet will be given. French Countr chased for a colored Y. M. C. A. in German-town, Pa. C Twelve colored policemen have been added to the Police Department at Boston, Mass., since the discharge of Union policemen. Twenty additional Negroes are to be added as soon as equipment is ready. C A Negro,—John W. Rosemond, has been appointed official court stenographer in the Common Pleas Court of Alleghany County, Pa. His salary is $160 per month. (I Among jurors summoned recently for the Federal Court, Elizabeth City, N . C , were two Negroes. —W. A. Littlejohn and H. J. Rousom, of Tyrell County. C A Negro has for the first time appeared on the programs of the public schools in the State of Washington, in the person of Mary Ross-Dorsey, who, at the Stadium High School, in Tacoma, gave readings from "Macbeth" and "Rosa," the latter in Ital ian dialect, and works of Dunbar. C Word comes from Columbia, S. C , that it is a common occurrence for a colored man to buy a $4,000-$10,000 piece of property, and pay down $1,000-$3,000. (I White people at Cordele, Ga., have agreed to pay for materials to rebuild three col ored churches destroyed by mobs, while the Negroes will build the churches. C A t the Inter-Parish Fair, Negroes from seven parishes in Louisiana exhibited 3,000 pieces of their handiwork, including chairs, preserved fruits, and silk dresses. (I Mr. G. H. Bowen, a colored real estate dealer in Savannah, Ga., has bought prop erty on Liberty Street, a select white sec tion; the purchase price is $30,000. C Cornelius L. Vanderbilt, with a party of (I At San Francisco, Cal.; a Negro —J. C. Thomas, has been awarded $50 damages against L. J. Baar and J. P. Petersen in whose restaurant he was refused service. C Curtis Ransom, a young colored man in Detroit, Mich., is negotiating with the English,the sale of his patent, an article which notes the location of a sunken vessel, to a depth of ten miles. Mr. Ransom is a staff writer for the Popular Science Magazine in New York City. C William Stevenson, an overseas Y. M. C. A. worker, has been selected to succeed John W. Davis as secretary of the Colored Branch of the Y . M . C. A . in Washington, D. C. G Colored people have established the Cheshirety-two acres of land. John L. Haile, of Waterbury, is the founder. There are more than 200 members, whose residences range from Massachusetts to Tennessee. (I A colored mechanic, Charles H . Jackson, of Boston, Mass., has invented a new diving suit, through which a new world's record for deep sea diving has been made by John F. Turner, of international fame, who reached a depth of 360 feet. Mr. Jackson's invention is made of brass instead of rubber, and it will be used to recover $30,000,000 in gold bullion sunk by the Germans off the Irish Coast. C Illinois King's Daughters have for the first time elected a colored woman, Mrs. Ada S. McKinley, of Chicago, 111., as a delegate to the International Convention, at St. Louis. Mrs. McKinley has been a member and active worker of the for d Coral T. Smith, who was dismissed from the six months' postgraduate course in the Nurse Training Department of Bellevue and Allied Hospitals in New York City, because twenty years. (I The Supreme Court in New York City has handed down a verdict in the test case brought by Dr. John R. Hillery, a colored chiropodist, compelling the Pedic Society to admit to membership nine colored chi organization white friends, has visited the coloredLafayette Theatre in New York City. THE ropodists who had been refused admission. A tax cost of $60 was made against the organization for its refusal. The attorney for the Negroes was Wilford H . Smith, a colored man. C In launching a campaign for a tuberculosis hospital for Negroes, in Wake HORIZON 121 of industry previously closed to Negroes, and served directly 12,864 individuals. C Horace Bridges, leader of the Ethical Culture Society in Chicago, has been elected president of the Chicago Urban League. The Chicago branch has adopted a budget of $30,000 for 1920. been strife in other parts of the country, and when the loyalty of some classes has hung in the balance, we have known that the Negroes could be depended on." C In Cleveland, Ohio, a colored physician has been appointed to the Visiting Staff of Lakeside Hospital, in the person of Dr. Charles H . Garvin, who served as a Captain in the Medical Corps of the 367th Infantry. C. Four colored newspapers in Baltimore, Md., The Commonwealth, Daily Herald, Maryland Voice, and A fro-American, in reply to allegations made concerning Negro agitators, have made a statement to the Attorney General of the United States, which says in part: "In the nation-wide j:ound-up of 'Reds' and I. W. W. agitators, mot a single colored person in Maryland, for, to our knowledge, in the United States, has been arrested' or imprisoned. . . . ^Colored people through the colored press, however, are demanding, and will continue to demand, every right of American citizenship under the Constitution." NATIONAL URBAN LEAGUE IN seeking material for future social County, N . C , Secretary of the NavyJosephusDaniels said: "Whenever (I The Home Economics Worker of the ther Pittsburgh Urban League gave help and instruction in 1,400 homes during 1919. The Men's Division of the Industrial Bureau of the Pittsburgh branch placed 3,724 men during the year and secured the employment of five colored welfare workers in industrial plants. It was through the excellent work of one of these men that an emergency hospital, employing fourteen colored nurses, was established in one factory during the influenza epidemic last year; this was the direct cause of the permanent employment of two colored nurses by the corporation at $1,800 per year. C A t the race relations meeting, held under the auspices of the Kentucky State Conference Kinckle Jones, Executive Secretary of the National Urban League, was one of the speakers. Resolutions calling for justice and equality of opportunity along all lines were unanimously passed by an audience of white and colored delegates. PERSONAL A TABLET to the memory of Rev. John Bunyan Reeve has been unveiled at Central Presbyterian Church, Philadelphia, colored Pa. This church recently celebrate her workers, Mr. A. L. Jackson,EducationalSecretary, has foun 450 students in northern universities, with the seventy-fifth anniversary. field not yet covered. C Professor J. S. Cobb, for more than thirty-eight years principal of Lincoln School, Girardeau, Mo., is dead. Mayor C Lieutenant A. L. Nutt, of the 367th Regiment, A. E. F., has accepted the position Haas attended the funeral. of secretary of the Milwaukee Urban League. C Matthew Bullock, an overseas Y . M . C. A . worker, has been appointed the first executive of the Boston Urban League, which is the latest branch established. C The National Urban League has supplied a woman social worker for the White Plains, N. Y., League, which has broadened its activities to include work among women and girls. C The Industrial Bureau of the Cleveland .Urban League, during 1919 placed 3,897 persons in jobs, made openings in 42 places C Professor M . D. Cornish, a Negro, who has been connected with the public schools of Camden, N . J.., for more than twenty-two years, has resigned as principal of Whittier School, in Camden; he is now retired on a pension. C. Mr. A . I. Johnson, a pioneer colored undertaker in Richmond, Va., is dead, at the age of sixty-seven. During the last two years he admitted his two sons into the business. C Dr. George F. Bragg has celebrated his twenty-eighth anniversary as rector of St. James P. E. Church, in Baltimore, Md. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER DuBois and Dill, Publishers 2 West 13th Street, New York, N. Y. Are pleased to announce that the Brownies' Boo k a monthly magazine, designed especially for children, is appearing with the issue of January, Contents of the January Issue Cover Picture, Photograph by Battey. The Ouija Board, a story, Edna May Harrold. Frontispiece, The Empress Zaouditou. Playtime: "Hark, Hark, the Dogs Pumpkin Land, a story by Peggy Do Bark," a nursery rhyme by Poe; illustrated by Hilda Wilkinson. Carriebel B. Cole, with music by Farwell. The Wishing Game, a poem, Annette Browne. Girls' School in Abyssinia; Y. W. C. A. Girls in New York City, pictures. The Origin of White Folks, a poem, Annie Virginia Culbertson. As the Crow Flies. A Boy Scout Troop of Philadelphia, a The Grown-ups' Corner. picture. Children in the Silent Protest Parade Over the Ocean Wave, a geography in New York City. story; illustrated. Katy Ferguson, a true story. Whole Duty of Children, a poem; reLittle People of the Month. printed from Robert Louis Steven After School, a poem by Jessie Fauset; son. drawings by Laura Wheeler. Some Little Friends of Ours, nine pic Gyp, a fairy story, A. T. Kilpatrick. tures. The Boy's Answer, A. U. Craig. The Judge. Poems, illustrated: Recruit, Georgia Waiting for a Howard-Fisk Football Douglas Johnson; The Tale of a Game, a picture. Kitten, James Weldon Johnson; The Jury. The Happy Quail, William I. WalCelebrating Baby Week at Tuskegee, lace; Singing, from Robert Louis a picture. Stevenson. Price: 15 cents per copy One Dollar and a Half per year Subscribers Wanted Agents Wanted How we wish we could send free sample copies! But we can't. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER "JUST THE PLACE FOR YOUR GIRL" Daytona Normal and Industrial Institute for Negro Girls, Daytona, Fla. Beautiful location, ideal home life, fine, modern equipment Course! include Kindergarten, Primary, Grammar, High, Normal, Vocational. Nurse Training at McLeod Hospital a specialty. Terms reasonable. Send for MARY McLEOD BETHUNE, BellPhoneSpruce 1924 30-D.y System Position Derrick Shorthand School Childs Building 1435 Chestnut Street PHILADELPHIA, PA. Only School of its Kind in America NOTE:—Enroll now for Winter term commencing Monday, January 5th, 1920. Al l students enrolling before January will be entitled to present rates. STENOGRAPHERS WANTED Al l Races Prepare in the best school of its land in the State. Subjects Shorthand, Typewriting, Bookkeeping, English, Penmanship, Civil Service Training, and SPANISH. COMMERCIAL CLASS Lenox Community Center—at PUBLIC SCHOOL 89 Lenox Avenue and 135th St., New York, N. Y. Open All Year—Four Evenings Weekly. Fitz W . Mottley, President. The Lincoln Hospital and Home TRAINING SCHOOL FOR NURSES in the city of New York offers to young colored women a three years' course of instruction in nursing. Capacity of hospital—420 beds. Post Graduate Course of six months to graduates of accredited schools. For information apply to: Superintendent of Nurses Lincoln Hospital and Home New York, N.Y. HALE INFIRMARY AND NURSE TRAINING SCHOOL, 325 Lake Street, Montgomery, Ala. Offers to High School graduates and young women of higher education and good moral character, between the ages of IS and 36, a three years' course in the profession of nursing. For further information apply to the Superintendent enclosing a stamp. Catalog. --Principal. STATE UNIVERSITY, Louisville, Ky. Founded 1870. The only Institution In the State having for Its object Collegiate, Ministerial, Medical, and Legal training for Colored citizens In Kentucky. Special training In Insurance, Social Service, Nursing and Hospital Work. Normal, Commercial, Music, Domestic Science, Missionary training class. Evening classes, correspondence course. Degrees offered. President C . H . Parrish TEACHERS We have had calls for teachers from Alabama, Arkansas, Delaware, District of Columbia, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Indiana, Kansas, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, Missouri, New York, North Carolina, Ohio, Oklahoma, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia and West Virginia. THE MUTUAL TEACHERS' AGENCY 1403 New York Avenue Washington, D. C. The Colored Teachers' Bureau Will Help You Get a Better Paying Position. REGISTER NOW SEASONABLE TEEMS Address: Colored Teachers' Bureau Box 22, Wilberforce, 0. TH E STENOGRAPHERS' INSTITUTE 1227 S. 17th St., Philadelphia, Pa. Shorthand Typewriting Bookkeeping New Classes organizing Jan. 5, 1920, for Grammar School students, High School students and others. Matriculate for typewriting at any time—individual atten tion—a practical and efficient system. Read last month's ad in The CrisLs. EDWARD T. DUNCAN, Pres. WANTED MAN or WOMAN with A-l training in printing, capable of supervising a fully equipped school-shop and prepared to teach the vocation. Write WM. W. COOKE, Director of Vocations, C. N. &amp; I. DEPT. WILBERFORCE, OHIO Badges, Banners, Lodge Regalia For all Lodge and Church Societies CENTRAL REGALIA CO. JOS. L. JONES, Proa. N. E. Car. 8th and Plum Sts., Cincinnati, Ohio Telelphone, Baying 7796 ISADORE MARTIN Real Estate and Insurance Notary Publi c Mortgages 6 North 42nd Street, Philadelphia, Pa. Mention THE CRISIS. 154 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER In 1903 Dr. W. E. B. DuBois published the SOULS OF BLACK, FOLK , which has been called "one of the noteworthy books, not merely of the year, but of the epoch." It is still in print and in its 11th edition. In January, 1920, Messrs. Harcourt, Brace and Howe will publish another volume of essays and sketches by Dr. DuBois entitled DARKWATER of which they say: "It will be a volume of essays, and sketches, like 'The Souls of Black Folk,' but maturer, richer, with a deeper race passion, and with a finer imaginative gift. Whether you like Dr. DuBois or not, whether you agree with him or not, you have got to admit that he is the greatest man of African blood in the world today, and that the world-wide audience which he will win for a book like this will result in incalculable benefit to the race." This volume of 276 pages sweeps the whole horizon of social problems—Colonization, the Future of Africa, Work and Wealth, Government and Suffrage, Socialism, Menial Service, Women and Children, Education, Beauty and Death. Its chapters are interspersed with poetry and fiction. Price $2.00 Postage Extra TH E CRISIS 70 FIFTH AVENUE NEW YORK, N. Y. Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 155 Scott's official History of the American Negro in the GREAT WAR Bishop Hartsell of the Methodist Episcopal Church writes as follows: " I have read your history of The American Negro in the War and want to congratulate you on having issued so quickly a volume of so much value. The official records will have a very wide circulation and be assured a permanent place among the masses. The candid and fair spirit which characterizes all your public utterances is manifest." A Proud Chapter i n the History of the Negro Race The official and authentic history of the true part played by the Negro in the great World War, written by a man whose valuable experience, intimate connection with every phase of the direction of the great struggle, makes it possible to publish the true facts. A great historical volume that should be in every Negro home. Gives inside facts and accurate and of ficial data and pictures which will appear in no other book. Every chapter is full of the very information which you have been anxiously waiting to know. This Great Book tells Emmett J. Scott, A.M., L.L.D. all about the NegroEverywhere in the World War — How He Did His Duty, in every capacity — from right up in the front line trenches and on the battlefields— clear bac k to the work of keeping the home fires burning; on the farms; in the mills and munition plants; on the railroads and steamships; in shipyards and factories. Men and women with the Red Cross, the Y. M. C. A., the Y. W. C. A., the War Cam p Community Service, the Liberty Loan Drives, etc. Scott's Official History was written for the Negro by the Negro that the wonderful record of daring deeds, gallant bravery and undying heroism of our black troops might never perish. A great tribute to the patriotism of the Negro Race. Agents Wanted Make $8.00 to $20.00 per day — right now — selling Scott's Official History — best book, biggest seller, quickest money-maker for live agents. Ne w from cover to cover. Be first in your territory and get the orders. We pay you highest commissions. Write FREE today for free outfit, including agents' sample book and full instructions. Send 25 cents to prepay postage. Copy mailed to any address upon receipt of $2.90 for cloth binding or $3.75 for Morocco binding Written by Emmett J. Scott, A .M., LLD. , Special Assistant to Secretary of War, Newton D. Baker. Assisted by the following notable individuals: Dr. Carter G. Woodson, Director of Research, The Association for the Study of Negro Life &amp; History, Inc. Ralph W. Tyler,AccreditedRepresentativ the Committee on Public Information, who accompanied the colored troops to war fronts in France. William _ Anthony Aery , Publication Secretary, Hampton Normal andAgriculturalInstitute and Industrial Institute. Mrs. Alice DunbarNelson(formerl Laurence Dunbar) leader in the mobilization of col ored women of the countrythe for war auspices work of the under Wo men's Committee, Coun cil of National Defense. Miss Eva G. Bowles,ExecutiveSecretary charge of the colored work of the YoungWomen'sChristia son, Historian who accompanied the famous 92dDivision, Over 600 large pages (equal to 800 ordinary pages). Profusely illustrated with nearly 160 official French and American Negro War Photographs, showing all sides of War Activities and Negro soldier Life, from the Call to the Colors on Through the Training Camps. Then to the Battle Fronts and hack to the Happy Home Coming. THE NEGRO HISTORICAL PUBLISHING COMPANY P. O. Dra«r I WASHINGTON, D. C. "U " St. Station Mention THE, CRISIS, THE CRISIS ADVERTISER The Future Is Bright! Despite the great unrest brought about by lack of employment for the laborers, formerly employed in the great emergency plants established during the war, and the thousands of returned soldiers: Yet the Southern Ai d Society of Va., Inc., has done, during 1919, a larger business than in any other year since its organization—nearly 27 years ago. The Society has rendered to its members, through its highly esteemed officers and employees, a better service than heretofore. W e have paid more claims—and paid them promptly—than any year before. But —best of all—we have laid a broader foundation for a greater service and business in the coming years. For the consistent support and confidence of our members and the public we extend our grateful thanks and pledge them a superior service in the New and all other years. Remember—The Southern Aid Society of Va., Inc., has not increased its rates. It still issues the Superior Policy— Paying Sickness and Accident claims all through life and an undiminished Death Claim after death. A few openings for well trained young men, as agents, bookkeepers and stenographers. SOUTHERN AID SOCIETY OF VA., Inc. Home Office: 527 N. SECOND ST., RICHMOND, VA. A. D. PRICE, Pres. B. L. JORDAN, Sec. W. A. JORDAN, Asst. Sec. Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER YESTERDAY Just a few weeks ago—in October, to be exact—the SUPREM E LIFE AND CASUALTY COMPANY was organized. The first $200,000.00 Insurance Company promoted by our people, it marked a new epoch in financial history. Chartered and licensed for the sale of its securities by the State of Ohio—the real centre of our industrial population—it blazed new trails and opened virgin fields for racial cooperation and commercial expansion. Organizing its own agencies for the nation-wide sale of its capital stock it left the beaten paths of corporate promotion and quickly established itself in the heart of the investing public, resulting in unstinted praise and stock subscriptions. TODAY Today subscriptions are coming from every section of the country: from a music firm in New York City—a social worker in Virginia—an insurance official in North Carolina—a minister in Florida—a business man of Mississippi—a teacher in Missouri—a politician of Illinois—a business woman of Arkansas—an insurance president in Kentucky. An d in large numbers subscriptions have come from bankers, business men. professional men and working men of Georgia, Ohio, and Tennessee, the home of the promoters and guarantors of Supreme Life and Casualty Company. TOMORROW Plans are being perfected for the completion of this corporation. Our actuary—one of the most eminent in America—is producing exclusively for us the Supreme Policy, covering every phase of life, health and accident insurance in general and emphasizing in particular CASUALTY INSURANCE and GROUP INSURANCE. This period of Reconstruction calls for bigger and better things and Supreme Life plans for Supreme achievements. A limited number of shares is available at $200 per share, in cash or terms. Use this coupon. Address communication to the Home Office of the SUPREME LIFE AND CASUALTY CO. COLUMBUS, OHIO SUPREME LIFE AND CASUALTY CO., Columbus, Ohio. I desire to purchase * shares of stock and enclose $— as first payment. Signed Address Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER TWO GREAT BOOKS for $2.50 NO LIBRARY COMPLETE WITHOUT THEM (1)	 The History of the Negro Race and Negro Soldiers in the Spanish-American War, Dating Back to Egypt and the Fharoas—400 pages, 50 illustrations. (Retails alone for $1.25.) Was adopted as a textbook by North Carolina State Board of Education. (2)	 The Pictorial History of the Negro in the Great World War, giving a brilliant historical sketch, a description of battle scenes by Colonel Haywood, of the Fighting Fifteenth New York, Capt. Marshall, Sergeant Steptoe, Ralph Tyler and others, with 150 excellent pictures of officers and men and war views. (Sells alone for $2.00.) Just Think, only $2.50 for these two great books. Agents wanted everywhere, large commissions paid ADDRESS: E. A. JOHNSON, 17 West 132nd Street, New York, N.Y. Atlanta University Studies of the Negro Problems 20 Monograph! Sold Separately Address ATLANTA UNIVERSITY CONFERENCE ATLANTA UNIVERSITY :: ATLANTA, GA. BOOKS - BOOKS Rare Books and Pamphlets a Specialty. Send price for any book you want. We will deliver post-paid to any part of the United States. YOUNG'S BOOK EXCHANGE (The Mecca of Negro History and Literature) 135 "West 135th Street New York, N. Y. A MONEY GETTER because it is A CROWD GETTER. Churches and Clubs looking for a play that will afford an evening of Side-Splitting Fun, should have The Slabtown Convention An entertainment in one act; full of wit and good humor. Scores of churches have cleared from One to Two Hundred Dollars In One Night. PRICE, 50c. MISS NANNIE H. BURROUGHS, Author Lincoln	 Htlchts Washington. D. C RELIABILITY. A New	 York City Negro news column for one dollar weekly! As recognized agents for over five hundred colored and white publications on the continent why not let us act for you, whether newspaper man or advertiser? NEWSPAPER SERVICE BUREAU Fifteen telephones 309 Broadway, New York, N. Y. Harold E. Rimmelkjaer Leon E. Mertins George R. Jordan, Mgrs. ARE YOU A PRUDE? If so, don't read LOCOMA—America's only high-class MAGAZIN E exclusively devoted to all phases of such PERSONAL SUBJECTS as Marriage, Divorce, Eugenics, Birth Control, Love, Courtship, Sex Morality, etc, For Adults, and by the best of writers. You will profit by reading LOCOMA. Year, $1.50; copy, 15c. SPECIAL TRIAL. 6 MONTHS, 50c. 218, C. &amp; M. BLDG., FARMTNGTON, MICH. Would you like to know why the Negro and Caucasian are mixing in spite of prejudice ? Then, read " As Nature Leada," by J. A. Rogers, author of " From Superman to Man." Undoubtedly the moat fearless analysis of the Negro-Caucasian situation by any author. The writer penetrates to the very heart of the subject and In a style bubbling with vigor he puts in the clearest language thoughts of your innermost consciousness. Arguments supported by the world's greatest scientists and philosophers. Easily read. A book you will read and re-read and give to your friends. Price. $1.25: by mail, $1.35. Agents wanted. Dept. A, Haye* Book Storo. 8640 Stat* Street, Chicago, 111. WANTED Carriage and automobile trimmer. Steady employ ment at good wages for first-class man. None other need apply. The	 C. R. Patterson Sons Co. GREENFIELD, OHIO Health? Take Turkish Bath at .Home—Only 2 Cents Physicians are abandoning drugs for this new treatment. If your mind or body is tired. or you have rheumatism, blood, stomach, liver, kidney and skin troubles,open your pores, and feel the rapid change in your condition, at cost of 2c a bath. The Robinson Bath Cabinet is the only scientifically constructed bath cabinet ever made for the home. Great 52 Book Sent FREE .-"TbePhiloeophyofHealthandBeauty.,'Writo today. Agents wanted. ROBINSON MFG. CO.. 1037 N. Twelfth St.. TOLEDO. OHIO Tel. 3437 Fort Hill Cable Address, Epben EDGAR P. BENJAMIN ATTORNEY AND COUNSELLOR -AT-LAW 84 School Street Boston, Mass. Telephone Connection Central	 266 Telephones: Main 220 HARRY E. DAVIS ATTORNEY-AT-LAW NOTARY PUBLIC 202-208 Engineers Building Cleveland, Ohio Patents secured on easy terms Write (or particulars. JOS. H . STEWART , Attorney-at-Law, I 494 Louisiana Ave., N. W., Washington, D. C- Per Agents Make Day Selling this Wonderful Coal Saver A simple device that fits any Stove or Furnace pipe. Absolutely controls con sumption of fuel and regulates heat. Gives from 1-4 to 1-3 more heat from the same quan tity of fuel regardless of type ofStove or furnace used. Easy to attach. The Arnold Damper Entirely automatic---requires no attention after fire is started. Insures greatest comfort by keeping rnoras at even temperature; no over heating, under-heating, nor wasted fuel. Holds lire at fullest efficiency. Saves Cost on First Ton mc A proven success; thousands in use. Price £2.60 stove size: so.00 furnace size. Sold direct ODly through authorized agents, bend today giving size of pipe. Exelusivo territory to Agents. Wonderful opportunity. Groenbeck. S. D. . earpB J15 per day. Everybody wants the Damper. Write Ior_ L proposition. ROBINSON MFG. COMPANY 121 Factories Bid n-TOLEDO, OHIO Mention TIIF. CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER FLORENCE COLE-TALBERT Soprano " She has one of the beat voices that God h u given hex race."—Los Angeles Times. " Special praise must be given Mrs. Florence Tulbert who	 beside her natural girt has already reached a high plane of professional accuracy."—Herman Devriee In Chicago Amer ican. Engagements accepted for Concerts, Recitals, Oratorio Mrs. Talbert will make her first tour of the southern states beginning September first at Arkansas. Write for date now. 659	 Twenty-eighth Street. Detroit Mloh. Cleota J. Collins Lyric Soprano Recitals, including compositions by Negro composers, and short, snappy lectures on Negro music. Your community and young people will be musically inspired. 156 Hamilton Avenue COLUMBUS. OHIO Clarence Cameron White VIOLINIST "Critics are one in their high estimate of the splendid attainments of Clarence Cameron White and his Con* cert appearance in your city means the musical event of the season." For terms and dates address 616 COLUMBUS AVENUE BOSTON, MASS. WILLIA M H . RICHARDSON, - Baritone "One of the agreeable features of his singing was his distinct enunciation." Philip Hale in The Boston Herald. ADDRESS: 170 WALNUT AVENUE ROXBURY, MASS. E. ALDAMA JACKSON Graduate of Institute of Musical Art Organist-Director of Music of St. Marks M. E. Church; Concert Accompanist; Piano, Voice, Theory, Instruction, Conducting, Coaching. Harmony taught from beginning to completion. Private or correspondence. Geothius system. Studio: 185 "W. 135th St., New York, N. Y. Telephone Morning^ide 1708. PHONOGRAPH RECORDS of Our Foremost Negro Artists Now Ready and on Sale No. 1, "GO DOWN MOSES" Baritone Solo, composed and sung by HARR Y T. BURLEIGH. No. 	2, "VILLANELLE," Soprano Solo, sung by FLORENCE COLE-TALBERT, No. 3, "CRADLE SONG," Violin Solo, composed and played by CLARENCE CAMERON WHITE. Price $1.25 each, and 25c extra for mailing, packing and insurance. Broome Special Phonograph Records 23 Clayton Ave., Medford, Mass. Send name and address for illustrated catalog. INVINCIBLE CONCERT CO. High Class Entertainers Churches Schools Lodges Y. M . C. A.'S For dates and terms write: 1910 E. 24th Street, Kansas City, Mo. BUSTS OF Booker T. Washington. Fred Douglass,Paul, Lawrence Dunbar, Bishop Richard Allen. 51-50 each. The 4 basis lor $5.00 Agents wanted. Send at ooce. The Isaac Hathaway Art Company 718 S. HICKORY STREET PINE BLUFF, ARK. COLORED DOLLS Berry's Famous Unbreakable Brown Skin Dolls Send for Catalog Berry &amp; Ross Mfg. Co., Inc. Factory, 36-38 West 135th St. New York, N. Y. 4,000 Agents Wanted to sell Forte's Magic Corn Liniment. Gives relief in ten minutes. A trial will convince you in ten minutes. Price 25c, by mail, 30c. Rates to agents, 15c. FORTE &amp; CO . 150 Dixwell Ave. New Haven, Conn. Mention TH E CRISIS. 160 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Mme. C. J. Walker's PREPARATIONS for the HAIR Worth more The culmination of the genius than it Costs of Mme C. J. Walker is her wonderful Hair Grower and in itself is a wonderful creation for dandruff and falling hair. In fact, it invigorates dry and lifeless hair, stimulates circulation, thereby causing a new growth. Mme C.J. Walker's Preparations Vegetable Shampoo. A splendid food and thorare all now packed in SQUARE YELLOW BOXES ough cleanser for the scalp and hair. Has a healing effect' with Mme. C. J. Walker's Seal and Signature on a sore scalp, in fact is excellent for removing on each outside package, which is YOUR GUARANTEE dandruff- LL Mme. C J. WALKER'S Egjj|HERE is nothing Inventions are reHif imaginary about the liable because they reWorld-Wide Fame of store and beautify the Mme. C. J. Walker's hair without injury to the Ultra-Quality Preparascalp and are used and tions. None genuine endorsed by thousands of without Mme. C J. WalHair Dressers, Scalp Speker's seal and signature. cialists, throughout the country, known as the W e have ' gone to a sjreat deal of expense to put these Walker Hair Dressers, preparations up in new yellow having a diploma from cardboard boxes, sealed wiih the Lelia College of Hair the Walke r trademark as a Culture which signifies guarantee that you are getting the genuine Mme. C J. Walker Lelia College and Mme. C J. .Walker's Preparations which are "worth of the best system. 110 W. 136th St. New York more than Ihey cost. known cures for Tetter Salcc One Walker Hair Parlor For Mail Orders and Information Address dandruff, tetter and eczema makes a friend Mme. C. J. Walker MTg Co., once used if Main Office, 640 N." West Street, Indianapolis, Ind. afflicted with this skin disuse. Scientific, Thorough, and Practical. Tcrrple Grower Recommended i highly (torn those wtio have used il ' far growing hair on (lie temples or bald Spots. Endorsed by thousand! ol hair dresiers throughout US.A. Cfottoi* Only to be used in dreeing the I lair and it will nuke short harsh, kirk, hah- behave and slay In plate if used as directed al the same time imparls a beaali'ul gloss lo the hair Mention TH E CRISIS. TH E CRISIS LEARN Indol Trade Mark System of Hair Culture by Correspondence Course A system for the training of colored women of all ages to become expert hairdressers and make MONEY . Please your friends by using a wonderful system and by becoming OUR AGENT in your TOWN. Complete outfit and lessons sent you to start —Diplomas given—Investigate by writing us for literature and reasonable terms. Send $1.10 for Course of Treatment in Hair Dressing and Beauty Culture Special Combination Offer on all INDOL Toilet Preparations. Six cents in stamps will bring you liberal samples of our Hair Grower. Write Us for Agency Indo Laboratories Corporation Dept. C-2 2257 SEVENTH AVENUE New York, N. Y. ADVERTISER 161 FASHION BOOK MAILED FREE UPON REQUEST Real Human Hair Al l our wigs are hand made and strictly to order, from maker to wearer. WIGS, Transformations, switches, and Braids and all other articles of hair goods. No. 604—Price $10.50 We carry the largest selection of Hair Dress ers' Tools. The celebrated Mme. Baum's Preparations which makes the ikia velvetlike, the hair silkllke. Mme. Baum's Mail Order House P. O. BOX 145, Penn. Terminal Station, New York, N. Y. When writing, mention this paper. Earn 35 to100 WEEKLY AL L OR SPARE TIME Guaranteed For Ten Year You—yourself—can positively make S35 to $100 a week. I want men. hustling, energetic* ambitious fellows, anxious to make money, who are willing to work with me. Not for me, but with me. Axe you that kind? I want you to advertise, eell and appoint local agents for the biggest, most sensational seller in 60 years— the ROBINSON FOLDING BATH TUB. Demon •tratlDff Tub Furnished. Here's an absolutely new invention —nothing like it. Makes instant appeal. Sells easily. gives every home a modern, up-to-date bathroom in any part of the house. No plumbing, no waterworks needed. Folds in Bmall roll,handy as umbrella. Self-emptying, positively nnleakable. Absolutely guaranteed for 10 years. Remember, fully 70 per cent of homes have no bath rooms. Sensational Sales Successes Two sales a day means (300a month. Breeze, of Idaho, made $400 profit in 30 days. Be v. Otto Sohulze, Mo., got $1600 to date. Burkholder, Mont,, orders $1072 in 17 days. Hamlinton, of Wyo., made $60 first two days. Hundreds like that. Pleasant, permanent, fascinating work. Write a post card. Let me write yon a long letter. No experience needed, no capital. Your credit is good if yon mean business. But you must be ambitious, yon mnst want to make money. That's all. Write a postcard now. * I want to pay you $35 to $100 every week,' H- 5* Robinson, Pres. The Robinson Cabinet Mfg. Co. S122 Factories Buildind Toledo, Ohio Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER YOU MUST ACT QUICKLY IF YOU WANT TO SECURE IDEAL BUILDING LOTS Sized 30 x 144 Feet, with FRUIT TREES PLANTED ON THEM, in Beautiful ORCHARDVILLE FOR ON VERY ONLY EASY TERMS $4 9 50 People from all over the country are securing etc., besides the room taken up by the fruit trees these lots and the DEMAND FOR THEM IS that we will plant on them. EACH LOT IS INCREASING BY LEAPS AND BOUNDS! GUARANTEED TO BE HIGH AND DRY This is the most unusual and attractive lot offer UNDER A MONEY-BACK GUARANTEE, and ever made and it is meeting with GREAT SUCTHE CONTRACT YOU GET GIVES YOU THE CESS. If YOU want to take advantage of it you PROTECTION YOU WANT. must ACT QUICKLY. The price of the lots is only $49.50 each, and Orchardville is located in a HIG H GRAD E the terms are only $3.00 a month. Smaller terms FRUIT GROWING REGION and is to be dewhen more than one of these lots are purchased. veloped into a BEAUTIFUL FRUIT CITY. NO INTEREST. Each lot will have FIVE FRUIT TREES and REMEMBER THAT THERE ARE NOT ONE SHADE TREE planted on it. and we will ENOUGH LOTS TO SUPPLY THE DEMAND develop and take care of the property for FOUR FOR THEM. ONLY THOSE WHO ACT YEARS WITHOUT EXTRA COST. When the PROMPTLY WILL BE ABLE TO GET ANY. fruit trees come into commercial bearing they Send for our pamphlet and booklet and get all should earn you EXCELLENT YEARLY REthe particulars of this offer. Simply write your TURNS ON YOUR INVESTMENT WITHOUT name and address on the coupon attached below ANY EFFORT ON YOUR PART. and mail it to us RIGHT AWAY. The pamphlet The lots are sized 30 x 144 feet and have plenty and booklet will be sent to you by return mail of room for a house, garden, chicken yard, shed, without any obligation to you. Address THE SWAN- ARENSON REALTY &amp; DEVELOPMENT CO. 19 SOUTH LA SALLE STREET CHICAGO ILL WRITE PLAINLY THE SWAN-ARENSON REALTY &amp; DEVELOPMENT CO. Chicago, 111. Date 19 Gentlemen :— I am interested in your Orchardville lot offer and would be glad to secure a copy of your circular and booklet without any obligation to me. Name Address Town State C. 1-20. Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 	163 Your Gold Tooth Polished Your White Teeth Bleached By Using Dr. WELTERS' Antiseptic —TOOTH POWDER— Absolutely Free From Grit &amp; Acid And Prevents Decay Ask your druggist. If he hasn't got it, ask him to order it for you. Send 27 Cents in Stamps for a full size package. The E. A . Welters' Tooth Powder Co., Inc. 410 BROAD ST. JACKSONVILLE, FLA. Agents and Distributors Wanted The Largest and Only Tooth Powder Manufacturing Corporation Owned and Controlled by Negroes in the United States No! an Ordinary Dentifrice tut a Scientific Preparation Specially Prepared for Polishing "GOLD" in the Mouth, "BLEACHING' the Teeth and Preventing Decay. SPECIAL The CRISIS one year . . . $1.50 ABC The BROWNIES' BOOK one year - 1.50 One year's subscription to each if ordered together ---- $2.50 Employment SPEND YOUR VACATION AT Agency Phones: 	Open WOMEN, MEN, BOYS, GIRLS Drexel 98, 194, 1281 Evenings Beautiful Idlewild JOBS-GOOD JOBS The most wonderfully Ideal spot where young and 4702 S. State St. Chicago, 111. old cast aside for the time all the cares and worries ARE WAITING FOR YOU 	of their strenuous, nerve-racking routine UTSS and romp and play once more as children and enjoy to the full nature in all her wondrous glory. The waters of THE WHITELAW HOTEL 	the lake and surrounding trout streams are fairly teeming with game fish of the best varieties. JOHN W. LEWIS. PRES. Do you enjoy bathing, boating, fishing, hunting? Do you enjoy roaming through the woods picking wild flowers and wild berries T Do you want a place to go where you can build up your health, vitality, energy and business efficiency T Do you enjoy mingling with the active, thinking, progressive people of the day—people who do things! Do you believe In progress and do you want to jhave a part In one of the most progressive move-/omnia of the time? Surely I Then you will be Interested In, and want to own a lot of your own In Beautiful Idlewild, . Michigan. If you act at once you can se-* cure a beautiful lot for only $80.to each; /$8.00 cash; SI.09 per week. When your ' payments are completed the lot will be transferred to you by an absolute warranty deed with abstract showing clear title. Good live energetic agents wanted 13th and Tea Streets, N.W. Idlewild Resort Washington, D. C. Company Appointments Unexcelled 1110 Hartford Bldg Rates $1.00 and Up per Day. So. Dearborn St. Chicago, LH. WM . D.NIXON, Manager. Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER TWO GREAT NEGRO BOOKS AGENTS MAKING $60.00 Per Week We Want You To Act In Your County 744 Pages—100 Pages of Negro Soldiers. 50 Pages of other appropriate and interesting pictures. THE KELLY MILLER HISTORY OF THE WORLD WAR is all that the title can possibly mean. The Emmett J . Scott's author takes up the Great Conflict, following it step by step through the thirty excellent War History chapters, including the Terms of Peace. The Negro's War for Democratization—He (A Few Interesting Chapters.) braces Himself and Claims to be the Champion Colored Officers and How They Were Trained. of Democracy—Enters the Arena of Combat! Treatment of Negro Soldiers in Camp. The German Indigent—The South Sensitive— The Negro Combat Division. The North Quizzical—The Whole World HesiNegro Soldiers Overseas. tant. Negro Heroes of the War. The Negro Turns the Tide at Chateau Negro Soldier as a Fighter. Thierry—He Helps Hurl Back the Hordes of The Spirit of the Negro at the Front, the Hun—Wins His Place and Eight to a Negro Music That Stirred France. Voice in the Affairs of Mankind against PreWhen the Boys Cam Home. judice, Ridicule, Race Hatred and almost InGerman Propagandae Among the Negroes. surmountable Obstacles! What the Negro Got Out of the War. The book is bound' in durable cloth, with substantial head band, price $2.50. In Full The 38 chapters are interesting and instrucKerotol Morocco, $3.25. Copy mailed to any tive. There are 600 pages, size 7x 9 inches; address upon receipt of the price. Satisfac price $2.90. tion guaranteed or money refunded. Ask For Catalog of 160 Books It Is FREE Emmett J . Scott, Author Prof. Kelly Miller, Author Dear Reader—We have sold more of these great hooks than have been sold by all other publishers and jobbers. If you wish to sell hooks, send 15 cents in stamps for one prospectus, or send 30 cents and we will mail both of them. Millions of these books are being sold, BIG MONEY is being made by our SALES PEOPLE. Will you join us in the distribution of good helpful race books? AUSTIN JENKINS CO. 523 9th St., Washington, D. C. Mention TH E CRISIS. State St.StyLe s TAILORED - TO - MEASURE At Agent's Inside Wholesale Prices New Fad and Winter Sample Book Now Ready Bigger Samples More Fabrics SENT FREE Additional Styles With Inside Wholesale Prices to Agents Styles and Samples to please every taste, to look well on every age and build. Greater cash prof its to agents AMAZING Even if you don't want to be our Agent in your spare CASH PROFITS time, be sure to get our new FREE offer and learn how are being made in we save you one-half on your own clothes. the delightful TAILORING AGENTS—Be sure to write and AGENCY get our new deal with Bigger Profits, TAILORING Better Attention and Prompt Shipments. BUSINESS Why Don't YOU KNICKERBOCKER TAILORING CO. Get Into the same? DePt 290, Chicago, ILL I W ant T hat New S ample B ook YOU BET please send it to me FREE and PREPAID. Hereis my address Name R.F.D Box Postoffice Street &amp; No State Fill in name and address plainly—and mail AT ONCE If you can't be our Agent in spare time, please hand this to some ambitious fellow Knickerbocker Tailoring Co., Dept. 290, Chicago, 111. NILE QUEEN Manufactured by for hair andSkin CHEMICAL CO. CHICAGO THE WORLD'S FINEST PREPARATIONS FOR HAIR AND SKIN. FOR SALE AT ALL DRUG STORES AND BEAUTY SHOPS FREE-NILE QUEEN BEAUTY BOOK-FREE. WRITE FORA COPY TO-DAY Kashmir Chemical Co. Dept. K 312 So. Clarlt. St Chicago, ILL.