The Egoist , made Published Monthly The Egoist No. 9.—Vol. IV. Editor: HARRIET SHAW WEAVER Assistant Editor: T. S. ELIOT Contributing Editor:  DORA MARSDEN CONTENTS PAGE Noticeable Features in the Acquiring of a Substitute Language........129 Mutual Recriminations. By Iris Barry . . . 132 Reflections on Contemporary Poetry. By T. S. Eliot 133 The Fever. By J. . . . . . . . 134 Elizabethan Classicists—II. By Ezra Pound . .135 Passing Paris. By Madame Ciolkowska . , .136 The Delicacies. By William Carlos Williams . . . . 137 Le Bien-aimé. By Margaret Lyster . . . . 138 Serial Story—Tarr. By Wyndham Lewis  . . . . . 138 The Everlasting Sorrow. By Yone Noguchi . . . . . 141 American Poems. By Max Michelson, Clara Shanafelt, and Blanche Shoemaker Wagstaff . . . . 143 NOTICEABLE FEATURES IN THE ACQUIRING OF A SUBSTITUTE LANGUAGE In view of the theory developed in recent months in The Egoist concerning the constitution of mind and the part which language is asserted to play in its genesis, it may not be without profit to cite details of those well-known cases in which inoculation with an order of language alternative to the vocal one has actually been the means of bringing intellect to birth. The general outlines of the life-stories of the two blind deaf-mutes, Helen Keller and Laura Bridgman (one of whom attained to a very creditable standard of intellectual development, while the other has become an author of the very highest interest whenever writing autobiographically), are common knowledge. But, philosophically speaking, these life-records are considered to have been rather disappointing, simply because the answers they were expected to yield on certain fundamental questions relating to the constitution of mind have not been forthcoming, and philosophical curiosity concerning them has accordingly waned. If now, however, we are asked to consider a theory of mind in which language is made the creative agent, the base of interest in these records of artificial graftings of language will be restored. * * * * If we attempt to summarize the chief features of these records we find that they admit of certain generalizations, the first of which is certainly this: That while the organism may be defective and still remain a potential intellectual force, to be so it must nevertheless retain at least one imitative medium. It must retain organs capable of evincing exceedingly high mobility. Quoting from the record of Dr. Howe, the instructor of Laura Bridgman, we read: Laura could not hear the spoken word, or name of a thing, and she could not see the visible sign of it, or the written word, and learn as deaf-mutes learn; consequently the only way was to make the word-sign tangible. But here the main difficulty met us: how to make her understand the arbitrary analogy which we would establish between three, or four, or more letters, and the thing of which it is the name. ... I had to trust to some chance effort of mine, causing her to perceive the analogy between the signs which I gave her and the things for which they stood. . . . The first experiments were made by pasting upon several common articles, such as keys, spoons, knives, and the like, little paper labels on which the name of the article had been printed in raised letters. The child was easily led to feel these labels and examine them curiously. So keen was the sense of touch in her tiny fingers that she immediately perceived that the crooked lines in the word key differed as much in form from the crooked lines in the word spoon as one article differed from the other. Next, similar labels, on detached pieces of paper, were put into her hands, and she now observed that the raised letters on these labels resembled those pasted upon the articles. She showed her perception of this resemblance by placing the label with the word key upon the key, and the label spoon upon the spoon. A gentle pat of approval upon her head was reward enough; and she showed a desire to continue the exercise, though utterly unconscious of its purpose. The same process was then repeated with a variety of articles in common use, and she learned to match the label attached to each one by a similar label selected from several on the table. After continuing this exercise several days, with care not to weary her, a new step was taken. Articles were placed upon the table without having a label upon them, as a book, a knife, etc. The loose printed labels, book, knife, etc., were placed upon the articles until she had felt them sufficiently, when they were taken off and mingled in a heap. She narrowly watched the process by feeling her teacher's hands, and soon learned to imitate it by finding out the label for book and placing it upon the volume; the same with the knife, etc. This apparently was all done by mere memory and imitation, but probably the natural tendency of the mind to associate things that are proximate in space and time was leading her to think of the label book as a sign for the volume. The four letters were to her, not as four separate signs, but the whole was as one complex sign, made up of crooked lines. The next step was to give a knowledge of the component ##130 parts of the complex sign, book, for instance. This was done by cutting up the label into four parts, each part having one letter upon it. These were first arranged in order, b-o-o-k, until she had learned it, then mingled up together, then rearranged, she feeling her teacher's hand all the time, and eager to begin and try to solve a new step in this strange puzzle.* * * * * This setting up of the "arbitrary analogy" between a thing and its name would no doubt present itself to the teacher as the main difficulty because it represented his part of the transaction. But that the primary element upon which the whole experiment depends for its success is something other is quite evident from the records themselves. The deciding factor is the amount of vitality, the degree of mobility, shown by the pupil. In respect of Laura this element was very pronouncedly favourable—a fact to which the world-wide interest in her history is due: "Her little hands were continually stretched out, and her tiny fingers in constant motion like the feelers of an insect." Quoting further: With regard to the sense of touch, it is very acute, even for a blind person. Whenever she is walking through the passage-ways, she perceives by the jar of the floor, or the agitation of the air, that some one is near her, and it is exceedingly difficult to pass her without being recognized. . . . Her judgment of distances and of relations of place is very accurate; she will rise from her seat, go straight towards a door, put out her hand just at the right time, and grasp the handle with precision. . . . At table if told to be still, she sits and conducts herself with propriety; handles her cup, spoon, and fork like other children; so that a stranger looking at her would take her for a very pretty child with a green ribbon over her eyes. But when at liberty to do as she chooses, she is continually feeling things and ascertaining their size, shape, density and use; asking their names and their purposes, going on with insatiable curiosity, step by step, towards knowledge. Thus her active mind, though all silent and darkling within, communes by means of her one sense with things external, and gratifies its innate craving for knowledge by close and ceaseless attention. * * * * This difference in mobility (vitality) seems to explain the relative lack of success in the attempt to "intellectualize" a similarly afflicted subject—Julia Brace—concerning whom Dr. Howe writes as follows: There is about her inexpressive face, and her attitude and demeanour, a certain passivity denoting habitual inattention to external objects, which is a very unfavourable symptom, and which contrasts strongly with the appearance of Laura Bridgman and Oliver Caswell; they are always on the alert; their spirits seem to be striving to get abroad—to go out and examine the relations of external things; while Julia's is content to sit within, and receive impressions made upon the surface of her body. When left alone she loses consciousness, and lies flat upon her face, sleeping or dozing for hours together. * * * * Granted this first condition of high mobility, the second consideration apparently is that words (the initiating signs or opening stages of things) shall be as little wasteful of motor-energy as possible. The least wasteful form of all, of course, is that which takes form in the throat and head. That form being in default, however, owing to physical defect, the alternative means must assume a form as little cumbersome as possible. Dr. Howe says: One of two ways was to be adopted. The first and easiest was to go on and build up a system of signs upon the basis of the natural language which she had already begun to construct for herself. Every deaf-mute does this. He makes signs for the things which he sees, and he addresses these signs to the sense which he has in common with you, that is, to your sight. * Quoted from Laura Bridgman, by Maude Howe and Florence Hall. (Hodder and Stoughton, 1904.) . . . Laura could not address any sign to the sight, because she had no idea of visual appearances of things. She could, however, make a sign for being hungry, another for being thirsty. She had several signs of her own for several persons and things. It would have been easy to go on and enlarge this list and make it include all tangible objects. But, of course, this plan would have required a sign for every object. She would, in this way, need as many hundreds or thousands of signs as she had objects or thoughts to express by them. Such a language could be taught easily because she had acquired its rudiments; but it would have been very rude and imperfect. It could hardly go beyond material substances and tangible qualities. When it came to be applied to abstract matters and moral qualities it would have been utterly at fault. The other plan was to teach her a system of purely arbitrary signs, by combination of which she could give names to everything and anything; that is, the letters of the alphabet. For this she would only have to learn twenty-six signs, but, having learned them, she could express countless modifications of thought by combining them in countless ways. The obvious difficulty in the way of this plan was to take the first step. There was no such difficulty in the plan of a natural language, for in this the first step was already taken. For instance, her father's whiskers made his face different from her mother's; the sign therefore of drawing her hand down each of her cheeks would express that she was thinking of her father, and, by a natural mental process, it would be made to signify men in general, as distinguished from women. So a motion of her fingers like scratching with claws would signify a cat; a motion of her two first fingers like cutting with scissors would signify her thought of that instrument, and the like, because there was, so to speak, in all these a tangible likeness. There was some analogy between the thing and its sign; hence such signs were the rudiments of a natural language. * * * * Being in possession of the two indispensables of language—a surcharge of energy and a facile and economical system of signs, the third requisite is the external agent—the teacher—who shall effect that constant artificial juxtaposition in time between a thing and a sign, by virtue of which the sign shall come to be such an integral part of the thing that an imitation of the sign shall be tantamount to the imitation of a naturally integral part of the thing. What form this sign takes—audible, visible, or tangible —is immaterial granted that it easily admits of imitation. In the cases of Laura Bridgman and Helen Keller this necessary external assistance was at hand and ready in the most devoted degree. * * * * From this constant juxtaposition it seems that there arises automatically an expectation that for all things there must be a sign. That "all things have names" is a generalization which becomes unavoidable given the steady application of names to many things; and the moment when this generalization takes articulate form seems to be the most sensational one in the life-history of the intellect. When this first apprehension of the fact that there is a world to be known because there is a world to be named dawns in the late maturity of the defective organism it seems to present itself with an altogether momentous impressiveness. The two chronicles from which we quote both recognize this particular moment as marking the moment of the birth of the soul. In the case of Laura, Dr. Howe describes the moment thus: The poor child had sat in mute amazement, and patiently imitated everything her teacher did; but now the truth began to flash upon her, her intellect began to work, she perceived that here was a way by which she could herself make up a sign of anything that was in her own mind, and at once her countenance lighted up with a human expression; it was no longer dog or parrot—it was an immortal spirit, eagerly seizing upon a link with other spirits! I could almost fix upon the moment when this truth dawned upon her mind, and spread its light to her ## October 1917 countenance; I saw that the great obstacle was overcome, and that henceforward nothing but patient and persevering, plain and straightforward efforts were to be used. Helen Keller, who herself records her own life-story, seems to have no doubt that the generalization "All things have names" represents the definite parting of the ways between the life which has intellect and that which has not. She describes as far as she is able the dark and savage state in which she lived up to the age of seven years, before her education began. During the first nineteen months of her life she had learned to speak a few words and had gained impressions of the outer world which the darkness that followed could not wholly blot out. Gradually, however, she got used to the silence and darkness that surrounded her, and forgot that it had ever been different, until the teacher came who was "to set her spirit free." Miss Keller writes: * I cannot recall what happened during the first months after my illness. I only know that I sat in my mother's lap or clung to her dress as she went about her household duties. My hands felt every object and observed every motion, and in this way I learned to know many things. Soon I felt the need of some communication with others and began to make crude signs. A shake of the head meant "No" and a nod "Yes," a pull meant "Come" and a push "Go." ... I understood a good deal of what was going on about me. At five I learned to fold and put away the clean clothes when they were brought up from the laundry, and I distinguished my own from the rest. I knew by the way my mother and aunt were dressed when they were going out, and I invariably begged to go with them. I was always sent for when there was company, and when the guests took their leave I waved my hand to them, I think with a vague remembrance of the gesture. . . . Meanwhile the desire to express myself grew. The few signs I used became less and less adequate, and my failures to make myself understood were invariably followed by outbursts of passion. I felt as if invisible hands were holding me, and I made frantic efforts to free myself. I struggled—not that struggling helped matters, but the spirit of resistance was strong within me; I generally broke down in tears and exhaustion. After a while the need of some means of communication became so urgent that these outbursts occurred daily, sometimes hourly. . . . The most important day I remember in all my life is the one on which my teacher, Anne Mansfield Sullivan, came to me. I am filled with wonder when I consider the immeasurable contrast between the two lives it connects. It was the 3rd of March 1887, three months before I was seven years old. On the afternoon of that eventful day I stood on the porch, dumb, expectant. I guessed vaguely from my mother's signs and from the hurrying to and fro in the house that something unusual was about to happen, so I went to the door and waited on the step. . . . Have you ever been at sea in a dense fog, when it seemed as if a tangible white darkness shut you in, and the great ship, tense and anxious, groped her way toward the shore with plummet and sounding-line, and you waited with beating heart for something to happen? I was like that ship before my education began, only I was without compass or sounding-line, and had no way of knowing how near the harbour was. " Light! Give me light! " was the wordless cry of my soul. . . . The morning after my teacher came she led me into her room and gave me a doll. When I had played with it a little while she slowly spelled into my hand the word " d-o-l-l." I was at once interested in this finger-play and tried to imitate it. When I had finally succeeded in making the letters correctly I was flushed with childish pleasure and pride. Running down to my mother, I held up my hand and made the letters for doll. I did not know that I was spelling a word or even that words existed; I was simply making my fingers go in monkey-like imitation. In the days that followed I learned to spell in this uncomprehending way a great many words, among them pin, hat, cup, and a few verbs like sit, stand, and walk. But my * The Story of My Life, by Helen Keller. (Hodder and Stoughton, 1906.) teacher had been with me several weeks before I understood that everything had a name. One day, while I was playing with my new doll, Miss Sullivan put my big rag-doll into my lap also, spelled " d-o-1-1 " and tried to make me understand that " d-o-1-1 " applied to both. Earlier in the day we had had a tussle over the words " m-u-g " and " w-a-t-e-r." Miss Sullivan had tried to impress upon me that " m-u-g" is mug and that " w-a-t-e-r" is water, but I persisted in confounding the two. In despair she had dropped the subject for a time, only to renew it at the first opportunity. I became impatient at her repeated attempts, and seizing the new doll I dashed it upon the floor. Neither regret nor sorrow followed my passionate outburst. I had not loved the doll. In the still, dark world in which I lived there was no strong sentiment or tenderness. . . . My teacher brought my hat and I knew I was going out into the warm sunshine. This thought, if a wordless sensation may be called a thought, made me hop and skip with pleasure. We walked down the path to the well. Some one was drawing water and my teacher placed my hand under the spout. As the cool stream gushed over one hand she spelled into the other the word water, first slowly, then rapidly. I stood still, my whole attention fixed upon the motions of her fingers. Suddenly I felt a misty consciousness as of something forgotten—a thrill of returning thought; and somehow the mystery of language was revealed to me. I knew then that " w-a-t-e-r " meant the wonderful cool something that was flowing over my hand. That living word awakened my soul, gave it light, hope, joy, set it free. There were barriers still, it is true, but barriers that could in time be swept away. I left the well-house eager to learn. Everything had a name, and each name gave birth to a new thought. As we returned to the house every object which I touched seemed to quiver with life. That was because I saw everything with the strange new sight that had come to me. ... I learned a great many new words that day—mother, father, sister, teacher were among them: words that were to make the world blossom for me like Aaron's rod, with flowers." It would have been difficult to find a happier child than I was as I lay in my crib at the close of that eventful day and lived over the joys it had brought me, and for the first time longed for a new day to come. I recall many incidents of the summer of 1887 that followed my soul's sudden awakening. I did nothing but explore with my hands and learn the name of every object that I touched; and the more I handled things and learned their names and uses, the more joyous and confident grew my sense of kinship with the rest of the world. ... I had now the key to all language, and I was eager to learn to use it. Children who hear acquire language without any particular effort; the words that fall from others' lips they catch on the wing, as it were, delightedly, while the little deaf child must trap them by a slow and often painful process. But whatever the process, the result is wonderful. Gradually from naming an object we advance step by step until we traverse the vast distance between our first stammered syllable and the sweep of thought in a line of Shakespeare. At first, when my teacher told me about a new thing I asked very few questions. My ideas were vague, and my vocabulary was inadequate; but as my knowledge of things grew, and I learned more and more words, my field of inquiry broadened, and I would return again and again to the same subject, eager for further information. Sometimes a new word revived an image that some earlier experience had engraved on my brain. . . . From the beginning of my education Miss Sullivan made it a practice to speak to me as she would speak to any hearing child; the only difference was that she spelled the sentences into my hand instead of speaking them. If I did not know the words and idioms necessary to express my thoughts she supplied them, even suggesting conversation when I was unable to keep up my end of the dialogue. This process continued for several years. If one felt any impulse to criticize this account it would be on the grounds that the record wears a somewhat too " finished "air; the record aims at the production of a preconceived impression, but the general veraciousness of the account is corroborated by the documentary evidence provided by the diary of her teacher—the Miss Sullivan to whom Miss Keller refers. Miss Sullivan, who at the start had found the child wild and uncouth and animal-like, ##132 has this entry in her diary five days after the incident of the well: I see an improvement in Helen from day to day, almost from hour to hour. Everything must have a name now. . . . We notice that her face grows more expressive every day. And two months later: We are all troubled about Helen. She is very nervous and excitable. The doctor says her mind is too active; but how are we to keep her from thiriking? She begins to spell the minute she wakes up in the morning, and continues all day long. If I refuse to talk to her, she spells into her own hand, and apparently carries on the liveliest conversations with herself. . . . She is the dearest, cutest little thing now, and so loving. Elsewhere Miss Sullivan says: We are bothered a good deal by people who tell us that Helen is " overdoing," that her mind is too active—these very people thought she had no mind at all a few months ago! Eighteen months later we read in the same chronicle: From the day when Helen grasped the idea that all objects have names, and that these can be communicated by certain movements of the fingers, I have talked to her exactly as I should had she been able to hear, with only this exception, that I have addressed the words to her fingers instead of to her ears. Naturally there was a strong tendency on her part to use only the important words in a sentence. . . . I am constantly asked the question, " How did you teach her the meaning of words expressive of intellectual and moral qualities? " I believe it was more through association and repetition than through any explanation of mine. This is especially true of her early lessons, when her knowledge of language was so slight as to make explanation impossible. . . . And after three years: During the past three years Helen has continued to make rapid progress in the acquisition of language. She has one advantage over ordinary children, that nothing from without distracts her attention from her studies. . . . The intellectual improvement which Helen has made in the past two years is shown more clearly in her greater command of language and in her ability to recognize nicer shades of meaning in the use of words, than in any other branch of her education. And from a report after seven years: Language grows out of life, out of its needs and experiences. At first my little pupil's mind was all but vacant. She had been living in a world she could not realize. Language and knowledge are indissolubly connected; they are interdependent. Good work in language presupposes and depends on a real knowledge of things. As soon as Helen grasped the idea that everything had a name, and that by means of the manual alphabet these names could be transmitted from one to another, I proceeded to awaken her further interest in the objects whose names she learned to spell with such evident joy. * * * * This excessive anxiety above referred to on the part of casual observers lest so much thinking and imagining should react upon the general health illustrates a point of great interest. It shows how little we are accustomed to allow for the vast amount of energy which the human organism spends from moment to moment in these processes. When, therefore, the initiating movements are externalized by transferring them from the recesses of the throat and head to the exposed finger-tips, the lavish expenditure naturally shocks and alarms the casual observer. We find Dr. Howe recording xhe same anxiety in respect of Laura: Laura's health has been excellent during the year, uninterrupted indeed by a single day's illness. Several medical gentlemen have expressed their fears that the continual mental excitement which she manifests and the restless activity of her mind must affect her health, and perhaps endanger the soundness of her mental faculties; but any such tendency has been effectually counteracted by causing her to practise calisthenic exercises, and to take long walks daily in the open air. . . . Laura generally appears, by the quickness of her motions and the eagerness of her gestures, to be in a state of mind which in another would be called unnatural excitement. The signs by which she expresses her ideas are slow and tedious; her thoughts outstrip their tardy vehicle and fly forward to the goal; she evidently feels desirous of talking faster than she can, and she loves best to converse with those who can interpret the motions of her fingers when they are so rapid as to be unintelligible to a common eye. But, with all this activity of the mental machinery, there is none of the wear and tear produced by the grit of discontent; everything is made smooth by the oil of gladness. The explanation, therefore, of the question why the human organism thinks seems to be that it possesses the energy to think with. It expends the lavish amount of energy required because the energy is already there to expend. The strictly human characteristics are therefore apparently moulded out of a physical idiosyncrasy plus a high mobility. * * * * We close this collection of extracts with quotations to suggest the nature of the substance of thought; incidently, too, of that of dreams. We hold that the generating cause and supporting substance of imagination and thought is the symbol. If this be so, the symbols which are created out of the movements of the fingers, as is the case of the blind deaf-mute, should, whenever the latter thinks or imagines, be as necessarily involved as the throat-movements are with a normal individual when thought or imagination has place. Moreover, the seat of the former symbolism being external, these initiation and supports of thinking and imagining should be visible. Dr. Howe writes: If Laura has no occupation she evidently amuses herself by imaginary dialogues, or recalling past impressions; she counts with her fingers or spells out names of things which she has recently learned in the manual alphabet of the deaf-mutes. In this lonely self-communion she reasons, reflects, and argues; if she spells a word wrong with the fingers of her right hand, she instantly strikes it with her left, as her teacher does, in sign of disapprobation; if right, then she pats herself upon the head and looks pleased. She sometimes purposely spells a word wrong with the left hand, looks roguish a moment, and then with the right hand strikes the left as if to correct it. . . . She spells out the words and sentences which she knows, so fast and so deftly that only those accustomed to this language can follow, with the eye, the rapid motions of her fingers. But wonderful as is the ease and accuracy with which she writes her thoughts upon the air, still more so is the ease and accuracy with which she reads the words thus written by others, grasping their hand in hers and following every movement of their fingers, as letter after letter conveys their meaning to her mind. It is in this way that she converses with her blind playmates—and nothing can more forcibly show the power of mind in forcing matter to its purpose than a meeting between them. . . . Everything with which Laura comes in contact is instantly suggestive of its name in her finger-language. A proof of the spontaneous connexion between her thoughts and these arbitrary signs is the fact that, when asleep and disturbed by dreams, her fingers are at work and doubtless uttering her thoughts irregularly as we murmur them indistinctly in broken slumbers. [The next article of the Lingual Psychology series will appear in the November issue of The Egoist.—Editor.] MUTUAL RECRIMINATIONS Now you have cleared away the boughs And long grass And can look into the pool Which is me, You say you are disappointed! You " thought white or yellow lilies Floated there "? A more finished lover would have known They had vanished. Iris Barry ## hOctober 1917 REFLECTIONS ON CONTEMPORARY POETRY There is a certain odd resemblance, quite superficial, between some of the poems of Mr. Harold Monro and the Closed Door of M. Jean de Bosschere. In Mr. Monro's poems we find a constant slight distortion, a sudden emphasis upon the apparently trivial, which appears at first to be something new and foreign. Mr. Monro arrives at a degree of consistency in a charming flirtation with obscure, semi-philosophic sentiments; he could, for instance, create a pretty fairyland where domestic furniture plays pranks when one's back is turned. With M. de Bosschere there are none of these sidelong glances; he is directly in front of his object; it occupies the fovea. One could elaborate an amusing contrast between " Homere Mare habite sa maison de planches " and Mr. Monro's "Every Thing." Both poets are concerned with this thesis: the intimacy of the relationship between a man and his personal property. Mr. Monro speaks characteristically in the first person; he states the theory bluntly and reflectively: Since man has been articulate . . . He has not understood the little cries And foreign conversations of the small Delightful creatures that have followed him Not far behind; like an Anglo-Saxon on his first visit to the Continent. His utensils are provided with adjectives which connect them with human emotions—"the gentle Bed," " the old impetuous Gas," " the independent Pencil," " you my well-trampled Boots." He reflects on a general situation; de Bosschere concentrates on a single instance. Homere Mare departs: Pendant quatre saisons Homere voyage Et dans chaque ville il est un autre personnage, lending his house to Pierre, who a les yeux clairs de l'autruche Et le coeur moins mysterieux que l'addition. Homere Mare n'est pas un prophete ni un critique. Chaque matin il met lui-meme le feu dans l'atre. Tout le jour Il est l'epoux du feu, L'aime des flammes. And here neither " epoux " nor " aim 6 " have any sentimental associations. Before Homere sets upon his travels Tout est encore Homere Et Homere est tout cela. There is no pretence in the poem of a quasi-human relationship. Even when Homere returns to find that Le feu sourit aux yeux de Pierre, et chante. Les potiches regardent cet ami aux yeux clairs Comme des amis se regardent quand il y a trop d'hommes. M. de Bosschere never employs his thoughts and images in decorating ordinary human sentiments. M. de Bosschere is in fact almost a pure intellectual; leaving, as if disdainfully, our emotions to form as they will around the situation which his brain has selected. The important thing is not how we are to feel about it, but how it is. De Bosschere's austerity is terrifying. A poet is not a pure intellectual by virtue of any amount of meditation or abstractness or moralizing; the abstract thought of nearly all poets is mediocre enough, and often second-hand. It is better to go to the " De Anima " than to the "Purgatorio " for a theory of the soul. A poet like M. de Bosschere is an intellectual by his obstinate refusal to adulterate his poetic emotions with human emotions. Instead of refining ordinary human emotion (and I do not mean tepid human emotion, but human however intense—in the crude living state) he aims direct at emotions of art. He thereby limits the number of his readers, and leaves the majority groping for a clue which does not exist. The effect is sometimes an intense frigidity which I find altogether admirable. As might be expected, M. de Bosschere demands a good deal of his reader; and at moments I have felt that his demands exceed my powers of response. In "La Vieille," for example— Mais cette femme-ci Est un signe de tous les ages aussi. Elle est une perle taillee dans une vitrine du British, Un hamecon palustre, Et a la fois le d61ire du Ballet Russe, La chair sans plus les pensees qui les lacerent, Un trepan qui mange une peche, L'amour noir et sans lyrisme des belles betes. —I feel uncertain; the arrangement does not seem altogether wilful, at all events there is no hoax; but I am not able to follow the development of these images into a logical structure. And in " Ulysses " one does seem a little at the mercy of M. de Bosschere's caprice. When Ulysses has built his wall La foule regarde le mur; H n'y a pas de fenetres. "Ulysse n'a pas le droit de se mettre au tombeau." Le jeune Franklin s'accroche aux branches du sycamore, Se hisse, et regarde par-dessus le mur. I have not yet been able to assimilate le jeune Franklin. There are places where M. de Bosschere's method escapes me, and places where he seems to abandon his method or make unworthy use of it, as in " Au College." But in " Gridale" and " Doutes " the author has employed his method with complete success. Gridale is perhaps a child of the nineteenth century; he has not loved the world nor the world him; but he is more than a seedy Lara or an indigent Juan aux enfers; and his wooden leg is new. He is peculiarly alive in the schoolroom: Puis on lui charge de montrer le latin aux collegiens. lis n'ont jamais reclame l'aide de Dieu, lis ignorent qu'il y a un Dieu assis, coi, sur sa chaise cassee; Mais ils ont peur, ils craignent ses yeux Et sa jambe de bois. . . . Une grande clameur s'el eve,— Les livres volent,— Gridale tombe,— Du sang passe entre ses levres. I am not sure that M. de Bosschere is as substantial as Jules Romains, or even Henri Franck; but to ignore him would be a manifest witness of critical decrepitude. * * * * The first serious attempt to estimate the value of John Davidson has come from the University of Pennsylvania.* In avoiding the sort of thesis subject which demands merely detective manipulation of small facts Mr. Fineman tends to the only alternative in University criticism—aerial generalization, as when he says that realism either became symbolism, and this appealed to an age of increased intensity of commercial production because of the nerve-irritation that symbolic methods of double interpretation and aroused expectancy involved and implied . . . * John Davidson: A Story of the Relation of his Ideas to his Poetry, by Hayim Fineman. Philadelphia, Pa., 1916. ##134 THE EGOIST October 1917 which is the Symbolist Movement after it has been boiled down in an American University. This, however, is dictated by Mr. (or Dr.) Fineman's conscience; for elsewhere an acute intelligence struggles through his dialect. Mr. Fineman, it is true, is occupied with Davidson's " ideas " rather than with his poetry (which is a very small part of Davidson's verse); and he forces himself to take these ideas as seriously as Davidson did; but he allows many just comments to appear:  desire for propaganda . . . lust for dissemination of doctrine [this is a lamentable abuse of the word " lust "] and passion for scientific detail. . . . He lacked the power of sustained thought. . . . He could interpret well perhaps only one human passion— the search for truth. . . . His attitude towards love was semi-metaphysical from the outset. . . . He observes intelligently: The poet who composes on the basis of an ethical system that is strange to most of his contemporaries must either take it for granted that his readers are of the few who have already attained the new point of view and proceed calmly with his work; or, if he wants to appeal to a wider circle, he must pause to denounce the past. ... If he follows the latter alternative he becomes either a propagandist . . . The truth is that Davidson was a violent Scotch preacher with an occasional passionate flash of exact vision. Mr. Fineman really understands Davidson's weaknesses, though he feels obliged to say: The poet's point of view, chastened by a philosophical understanding of natural processes [how does an understanding of natural processes chasten the poet's point of view? ] enables him to realize the ultimate significance of the details that he employs. . . . Mr. Fineman is probably right in referring to the Ballad of a Nun as " an outburst of hysteria." Davidson, Mr. Fineman says, " proceeds to erect a new dwelling-place for the imagination on the basis of things that are real to modern man." This is really Davidson's cardinal sin, as well as his virtue; he too often is interested in the dwelling-place rather than in the tenant, who is the same through all ages; I doubt whether Villon would have taken the electron so seriously. Still, there is Dante's astronomy . . . but that was not a very recent theory. A careful study of the nineteenth-century poetry based on " things real to modern man " would be interesting, beginning with Princess Ida and her fluid haze of light; perhaps Mr. Fineman will do it, after studying the method involved in such an extended piece of criticism, say, as Sainte-Beuve's Life of Chateaubriand. T. S. E. THE FEVER On Sunday morning he had had a letter saying that she had been killed when out hunting— she insisted on hunting a May fox. And he was to have married her on Tuesday. All that day he walked. Little bits of memory kept coming back to him. . . . How one day he had called, and some people who had been to luncheon were playing tennis; and he talked to her mother. The people went almost directly. ... He could hear a motor being wound up. . . . Everybody was going with them to the front door; but she turned, saw that he was alone, and reluctantly came back to talk to him till the others returned. . . . She had very nice manners. . . . And she put her racquet down, laughed, and said: " How bored you are! " ... It seemed so silly to say that he couldn't be bored where she was, or anything like that; . . . so inadequate when he was wanting nothing else but her. Afterwards, he felt that silence was still more inadequate, and almost laughed. How she wore brown shoes, which somebody said were made of crocodile's skin. . . . And she wore a black ribbon round her throat. . . . And as she sat, she fiddled about with her racquet, and dropped it, and both of them bent to pick it up, and her hair brushed his cheek. How she sang with a quite nice little voice, but untrained. How he knew this perfectly well, but loved every note she sang and every gesture she made more than anything else in the world. All the afternoon it had been thundering round him, but not a drop of rain had fallen, and in the evening bits of blue sky began to break through the mist of clouds painted with a mixture of dark blue and Chinese white. The bell of a little church on the top of a hill was ringing for evening service. He had begun to find life intolerably bitter; his mind and senses were active. He felt as if he had lost something—he could not quite explain what, and he must find it; and he followed the people into the little church. Near him was a tall, bearded, honest-looking farmer with his family. The little girl repeated the responses in a loud, uncomprehending, self-satisfied, Sunday-school manner; the wife only cheered up at " Through the night of doubt and sorrow," the boy was silent,, and the farmer sang continuously through his nose on one note. There were two clergyman. A kindly, white-haired, and rather feeble old Rector of about seventy-five, and his curate, a tall, dark, ascetic, and not unathletic-looking man of thirty-five. He looked as if he played cricket rather well, but not football, was named Basil, and was engaged to one of the Rector's daughters. The evening was a fine one, so that the congregation was spared the aid to piety given by oil lamps. The curate read most of the service in a not unpleasant voice: it was the sort of voice which is supposed to be necessary when one talks to young men—from a clergyman's point of view, I mean. Then the Rector climbed the pulpit and began his sermon. " And . . . the fever left him." It was quite a good sermon in its way; rather emotional, and with words of vague consolation for those fevers which the old man had left behind him years ago. Perhaps he was one of those men, like Basil, who never have fevers—only mild things (a sort of scarlatina of the heart), cured by a very conventional marriage. "Perhaps some of you, my brethren, have felt life's fitful fevers ..." the Rector was saying; and the stray visitor felt as if some horrid person were making squeaky noises with a slate-pencil. Soon the old man finished: " . . . guided into the haven where we would be. And now . . ." The congregation shuffled to its feet, and soon was singing: "All we have to offer, All we hope to be, Body, soul, and spirit, Lord, we yield to Thee." A lot of people singing, with nothing more than a slight pleasurable emotion, born partly of the facts that it was growing dark and that the windows were closed, about a voluntary sacrifice at least as great as the one he had made involuntarily! A sea of bitter anger at them all seemed to rise above his head. And there was the old Rector, exhausted praying, giving thanks for his simple, quiet life. . .! The futile old man. Outside, the sun was setting. Flame-coloured clouds showed mistily through the translucent, blue- ##October 1917 white haze. A breeze from the north had sprung up, and soon the sky would be quite clear. A tall, dark girl of about twenty-six waited outside the chancel door. She gave her arm affectionately to the Rector, who looked very bent and small. They were going to the Rectory; everything was peaceful; there would, no doubt, be cold beef for supper, a glass of port wine for the Rector (he looked rather exhausted), and the daughter would play " O rest in the Lord "after supper. . . . And the curate . . . was his name Basil ? Near the church gate there was a knot of young men of the village. They touched their caps as the Rector, his daughter, and the curate passed. The curate turned to the Rector: "George played very well yesterday; he made 15." " Oh, indeed," said the Rector, "... and how many did you make? " " Basil made 37 not out," said the daughter. The visitor heard, turned, and walked swiftly towards the coast. The wind had freshened; the chalky moorland sloped towards the cliffs, and he walked quickly. All his conscious self was one huge sense of want, he must find. . . . There was no longer any will or any other wish in him. He had let go the reins. A shepherd, returning from his work about a hundred yards from the cliffs, wished him good night as their paths crossed. As he said nothing, the shepherd, after some moments, stopped and shouted an ineffective " Hi! " after him. It was growing very dark. J. ELIZABETHAN CLASSICISTS By Ezra Pound II A Great age of literature is perhaps always a great age of translations; or follows it. The Victorians in lesser degree had Fitzgerald, and Swinburne's Villon and Eossetti. One is at first a little surprised at the importance which historians of Spanish poetry give to Boscan, but our histories give our own translators too little. And worse, we have long since fallen under the blight of the Miltonic or noise tradition, to a stilted dialect in translating the classics, a dialect which imitates the idiom of the ancients rather than seeking their meaning, a state of mind which aims at "teaching the boy his Latin" or Greek or whatever it may be, but has long since ceased to care for the beauty of the original; or which perhaps thinks " appreciation " obligatory, and the meaning and content mere accessories. Golding was no inconsiderable poet, and the Marlow of the translations has beauties no whit inferior to the Marlowe of original composition. In fact, the skill of the translations forbids one to balk at the terminal " e." We conclude the identity without seeking through works of reference. Compare (pardon the professorial tone whereof I seem unable to divest myself in discussing these matters), compare the anonymous rather unskilled work in the translation of Sixe Idillia, with Marlow's version of Amorum, lib. iii, 13. The XVIII Jdillion HELLENS EPITHALAMION * In Sparta long agoe, where Menelaus wore the crowne, Twelve noble Virgins, daughters to the greatest in the towne, All dight upon their haire in Crowtoe garlands fresh and greene, Danst at the chamber doore of Helena the Queene, * Sixe Idillia, published by Joseph Barnes, Oxford, 1588; 100 copies reprinted by H. Daniel, Oxford, 1883. What time this Menelay, the younger Sonne of Atreus, Did marry with this louely daughter of Prince Tyndarus* And therewithal at eue, a wedding song they jointly sung, With such a shuffling of their feete, that all the Pallace rung. CYCLOPS TO GALATEA THE WATER-NYMPH IX Jdillion O Apple, sweet, of thee, and of myself I use to sing, And that at midnight oft, for thee, aleavne faunes up I bring, All great with young, and foure beares whelps, I nourish up for thee. But come thou hither first, and thou shalt have them all of me. And let the blewish colorde Sea beat on the shore so nie. The night with me in cave, thou shalt consume more pleasantlie. There are the shadie Baies, and there tall Cypres-trees doe sprout, And there is I vie blacke, and fertill Vines are al about. Coole water there I haue, distilled of the whitest snowe, A drinke divine, which out of wooddy Aetna mount doth flowe. In these respects, who in the Sea and waues would rather be? But if I seem as yet, too rough and sauage unto thee, Great store of Oken woode I have, and never quenched fire; And I can well endure my soul to burn with thy desire, With this my onely eie, then which I nothing think more trim me. Now woe is me, my mother bore not me with finns to swimme, That I might dive to thee. The " shuffling of their feete " is pleasing, but the Cyclops speaks perhaps too much in his own vein. Marlow is much more dexterous. AMORUM* ad amicam si pecatura est, ut occulte peccat Seeing thou art faire, I bar not thy false playing, But let not me poore soule wit of thy straying. Nor do I give thee counsaile to liue chast But that thou wouldst dissemble when 'tis past. She hath not trod awry that doth deny it, Such as confesse haue lost their good names by it. What madness ist to tell night sports by day, Or hidden secrets openly to bewray, The strumpet with the stranger will not do, Before the room be cleare, and dore put too. Will you make shipwracke of your honest name And let the world be witnesse of the same? Be more aduisde, walke as a puritaine, And I shall think you chast do what you can. Slippe still, onely deny it when tis done, And before people immodest speeches shun, The bed is for lasciuious toyings meete, There use all toyes, and treade shame under feete, When you are up and drest, be sage and graue, And in the bed hide all the faults you haue. Be not a shamed to strippe you being there, And mingle thigh es, mine ever yours to beare, There in your rosie lips my tongue intomb, Practise a thousand sports when there you come, Forbare no wanton words you there would speake, And with your pastime let the bedsted creake. But with your robes, put on an honest face, And blush and seeme as you were full of grace. Deceiue all, let me erre, and think I am right And like a wittal, thinke thee uoide of slight. The reader, if he can divert his thought from matter to manner, may well wonder how much the eighteenth-century authors added, or if they added anything save a sort of faculty for systematization of product, a power to repeat certain effects regularly and at will. But Golding's book published before all these others will give us more matter for reverie. One wonders, in reading it, how much more of the Middle Ages was Ovid. We know well enough that they read him and loved him more than the more Tennysonian Virgil. * Amorum, lib. iii, elegia 13. ##136 THE EGOIST October 1917 Yet how great was Chaucer's debt to the Doctor Amoris? That we will never know. Was Chaucer's delectable style simply the first Ovid in English? Or, as likely, is Golding's Ovid a mirror of Chaucer? Or is a fine poet ever translated until another his equal invents a new style in a later language? Can we, for our part, know our Ovid until we find him in Golding? Is there one of us so good at his Latin, and so ready in imagination that Golding will not throw upon his mind shades and glamours inherent in the original text, which had for all that escaped him? Is any foreign speech ever our own, ever so full of beauty as our lingua materna (whatever lingua materna that may be)? Or is not a new beauty created, an old beauty doubled, when the overchange is well done? Will . . . cum super atria velum Candida purpurum simulatus inficit umbras quite give us the " scarlet curtain " of the simile in Flight from Hippomenes? Perhaps all these things are personal matters, and not matter for criticism or discussion. But it is certain that " we " have forgotten our Ovid, " we " being the reading public, the readers of English poetry, have forgotten our Ovid since Golding went out of print. METAMORPHOSIS * While in this garden Proserpine was taking hir pastime, In gathering eyther Violets blew, or Lillies white as Lime, And while of Maidenly desire she fillde hir Haund and Lap, Endeauoring to outgather hir companions there. By hap Dis spide her: lovde her: caught her up: and all at once well nere. So hastie, hote, and swift a thing is Loue as may appeare. The Ladie with a wailing voyce afright did often call Hir mother and hir waiting Maides, but Mother most of all. ATALANTA** And from the Citie of Tegea there came the Paragone Of Lycey forrest, Atalant, a goodly Ladie, one Of Schœnyes daughters, then a Maide. The garment she did weare A brayded button fastned at hir gorget. All hir heare Untrimmed in one only knot was trussed. From hir left Side hanging on hir shoulder was an Ivorie quiuer deft: Which being full of arrowes, made a clattering as she went. And in hir right hand she did beare a bow already bent. Hir furniture was such as this. Hir countnance and hir grace Was such as in a Boy might well be cald a Wenches face. THE HUNTING Assoone as that the men came there, some pitched the toyles, Some tooke the couples from the Dogs, and some pursude the foyles In places where the swine had tract: desiring for to spie Their owne destruction. Now there was a hollow bottom by, To which the watershots of raine from all the high grounds drew. Within the compassé of this pond great store of Oysters grew: And Sallowes lithe, and flackring flags, and moorish Rushes eke, And lazie Reedes on little shankes, and other baggage like. From hence the Bore was rowzed out, and fiersly forth he flies Among the thickest of his foes as thunder from the Skies. FLIGHT FROM HIPPOMENES . . . now while Hippomenes Debates theis things within himself and other like to these, The Damzell ronnes as if her feete were wings. And though that shee Did fly as swift as arrow from a Turkye bowe: yit hee * Metamorphosis, by Arthur Golding, 1567. The Fyft booke. ** Atalanta. The Eight booke. More woonded at hir beawtye than at the.swiftnesse of her pace Her ronning greatly did augment her beawtye and her grace. The wynd ay whisking from her feete the labells of her socks Uppon her back as whyght as snowe did tosse her golden locks, And eke thembroydred garters that were tyde beneathe her ham. A redness mixt with whyght uppon her tender body cam, As when a scarlet curtaine streynd ageinst a playstred wall Doth cast like shadowe, making it seeme ruddye therewith all. Reality and particularization! The Elizabethans themselves began the long series of sins against them. In Ovid at least they are not divorced from sweeping imagination as in the Fasti (v. 222): Unius tellus ante coloris erat; or in the opening of the Metamorphoses, as by Golding: Which Chaos hight, a huge rude heape and nothing else but even A heavie lump and clottred clod of seedes Nor yet the earth amiddes the ayre did hang by wondrous slight Just peysed by hir proper weight. Nor winding in and out Did Amphitrytee with her armes embrace the earth about, For where was earth, was sea and ayre, so was the earth unstable. The ayre all darke, the sea likewise to beare a ship unable. The suttle ayre to flickering fowles and birdes he hath assignde. I throw in the last line for the quality of one adjective, and close this section of excerpts with a bit of fun anent Bacchus. ADDRESS TO BACCHUS. IV Thou into Sea didst send The Tyrrhene shipmen. Thou with bittes the sturdy neckes dost bend Of spotted Lynxes: throngs of Fownes and Satyres on thee tend, And that old Hag that with a staff his staggering limmes doth stay Scarce able on his Asse to sit for reeling every way. Thou comest not in any place but that is hearde the noyse Of gagling womens tatling tongues and showting out of boyes. With sound of Timbrels, Tabors, Pipes, and Brazen pannes and pots Confusedly among the rout that in thine Orgies trots. PASSING PARIS Side by side with the classics and certain moderns, chosen, one might surmise, for the special allurements of their titles figuring in large letters on the kiosques at street corners, the names of the mere authors vanishing small below, M. Eugène Montfort's idealistic Essai sur l'Amour makes a public reappearance in a popular edition at three sous, gratifying (or not) the curiosities of schoolboys and milliners' apprentices, while benefiting (or not) their literary culture and bringing welcome diversion to the wanderer on the road (and in the subway). This work of M. Montfort's you would expect and want to read in a soft vellum-bound volume, and you are really surprised to meet its religiously-felt inscriptions spread so promiscuously over these two naked sheets. But this is sheer squeamishness. The lover of books does not stop at the binding any more than the lover stops at the physical features of his beloved. M. Montfort realized this latter fact at the age of twenty when, being still pure and receptive, wisdom had easy access to him. He discovered that it is their similarity which draws souls to each other for he takes for granted that we have both a "heart" ##October 1917 with a spiritual,* independent life and a "soul." Love may be momentarily deceived by physical features, but cannot be held by them if they do not reflect the essential inner beauty, whereas a man possessing great inner beauty will always be loved, though " a man so gifted will never be entirely deficient in exterior beauty: it will make some slight appearance through his face, and his eyes cannot but be attractive." I am very partial to Eugène Montfort's theory about the fascination of the eyes between two people meeting for the first time. The eyes are the primary link; the second agent is speech, " the most difficult in the world, for if we were to separate, say, a dozen people conversing together and ask each what signification he gave to a word, any word, we should at once see that no understanding between them would ever be possible." Words can be used with certainty, without misunderstanding, only between souls open to each other. Eugène Montfort insists on the endurance of love. " No more than the soul can fade can love, which is the full expression of the soul, for this agreement between two souls is not the consequence of chance, therefore not provisional or temporary, but is due to the consent of what is capital, central in you. It was concluded at the very mainspring of your souls." This mystical thesis is very finely developed. Its natural corollary is the comment on jealousy. "Jealousy is impossible between two beings filled with love for one another. It can only exist for those whose love is imperfect. To suffer from jealousy is to suffer from the incomplete possession of the object of one's love." The sound, luminous commentaries, Stendhalian in form if not in spirit (I must apologize for here mentioning our old friend so obviously recalled, whose remarks young Montfort had probably never heard of), which supply the substance of the essay, are intercalated in a paean to love, beginning with an adolescent's anguished yearnings and premonitions to conclude in the calm of realized espousals, as ecstatic as the Song of Solomon itself (second apology for naming another obvious old friend), but always sane, lucid, brain-controlled: Ils se regardent et ils sont inondés d'un bonheur infini: ils se regardent, contemplation! Ils se voient dans toute leur grandeur, dans toute leur vérité, dans leur beauté ... il se penche sur elle, c'est Dieu qu'il voit! c'est l'infini! dans ces yeux, chargés d'une âme pleine d'amour, qui se lèvent sur lui, il voit tout le fond de la vie. Extase grave, extase où l'on entend la voix de l'être, comme une orgue, gronder profondément dans notre cœur. Oh vie d'amour! vie merveilleuse! Comment creuse assez vastes mes mots pour qu'ils contiennent tout le sublime d'être parfaitement? Je suis! je suis! jusqu'aux plus obscures toutes mes possibilités d'existence se sont développés, épanouis? Je suis dans ma plus grande existence avec elle qui est dans sa plus grand existence. . . . Ciels, azurs, libres espaces! rayonnements de lumière! je vous bus enfin dans ma poitrine suffocante. Hear him, who could only have divination of it, on the stability of love: Amour établi! Accord profond de deux âmes! Gloire de toutes les certitudes! On sait maintenant pourquoi on aime l'âme que l'on aime; au début de l'amour, on l'aimait parce qu'on pressentait qu'elle était belle. On l'aime à présent parce qu'on a la certitude qu'elle est belle. Chacun de ses mouvements vous confirme maintenant dans votre amour. Quand deux amants se trouvent dans un tel sentiment, ils n'ont qu'à laisser le temps les pousser; plus ils vont plus leur bonheur se raffermit; plus ils vont plus leur étreinte se resserre. Amour établi, musiques et parfums, apothéose de l'âme. Some states of the mind require to be matured. Others can survive immediate, warm transcription. We should not have wanted effusions with a grip such as this: Mon Dieu, mon Dieu, je pleure: mon Dieu, je suis en larmes. Mon Dieu, je suis tout vibrant de douleur. Mon Dieu, qu'est-ce qu'a donc mon âme? Mon Dieu, qu'a-t-elle vu en elle? O mon Dieu, la terre est trop belle! to have been delayed. They would, at the very least, have lost their throb: they might, indeed, have wafted into space and the loss would have been ours. Really a loss. * * * I should like to complete these notes this month with some lines about Russia's great modern poet Balmont, a selection of whose writings Rene Ghil and Alexandra de Holstein, recent translators of Eussian lore, have been rendering into French for Crès et Cie. (3 fr. 10). Balmont is a mystic who needs to be read. To write about him who, it is held, comes nearer to expressing the atmosphere of his country's soil and scenery than any of his like, just as I am enjoying those of my own after having been entirely deprived of them for three years, might seem untimely were Mr. Balmont not himself a great lover of England (Great Britain, must one say, and Ireland?) and its (their) literature, much of which he has translated into Russian, together with that of many other civilizations, past and present. Among contemporary English-writing poets W. B. Yeats has his greatest admiration, and his knowledge of our language (none are closed to his intuition) has enabled him to study in their original the works of his compatriot, Mme Blavatsky. His production is only comparable with his experience. A young man still, and unusually young-looking, he is the author and translator of a very considerable list of volumes, has travelled all over the world, was a political exile, and is now repatriated. Mme. de Holstein tells his story in her excellent preface. It is that of one for whom there are no obstacles, no difficulties. This is the first time the writings of him who has spent most of his life translating the great European masters—who in his own country occupied high rank, perhaps the highest among his kind—have been rendered into French. MUEIEL ClOLKOWSKA. THE DELICACIES The hostess, in pink satin and blond hair— dressed high—shone beautifully in her white slippers against the great silent bald head of her little-eyed husband! Raising a glass of yellow Ehine wine in the narrow space just beyond the light-varnished woodwork and the decorative column between dining-room and hall, she smiled the smile of water tumbling from one ledge to another. We began with a herring salad: delicately flavoured saltiness in scallops of lettuce-leaves. The little owl-eyed and thick-set lady with masses of grey hair has smooth pink cheeks without a wrinkle. She cannot be the daughter of the little red-faced fellow dancing about inviting lion-headed Wolff the druggist to play the piano! But she is. Wolff is a terrific smoker: if the telephone goes off at night— so his curled-haired wife whispers—he rises from bed but cannot answer till he has lighted a cigarette. Sherry wine in little conical glasses, dull brownish yellow, and tomatoes stuffed with finely cut chicken and mayonnaise! ##138 The tall Irishman in a Prince Albert and the usual striped trousers is going to sing for us. (The piano is in a little alcove with dark curtains.) The hostess's sister—ten years younger than she—in black net and velvet, has hair like some filmy haystack, cloudy about the eyes. She will play for her husband. My wife is young, yes she is young and pretty when she cares to be—when she is interested in a discussion: it is the little dancing mayor's wife telling her of the Day nursery in East Eutherford, 'cross the track, divided from us by the railroad—and disputes as to precedence. It is in this town the saloon flourishes, the saloon of my friend on the right whose wife has twice offended with chance words. Her English is atrocious! It is in this town that the saloon is situated, close to the railroad track, close as may be, this side being dry, dry, dry: two people listening on opposites sides of a wall! —The Day nursery had sixty-five babies the week before last, so my wife's eyes shine and her cheeks are pink and I cannot see a blemish. Ice-cream in the shape of flowers and domestic objects: a pipe for me since I do not smoke, a doll for you. The figure of some great bulk of a woman disappearing into the kitchen with a quick look over the shoulder. My friend on the left who has spent the whole day in a car the like of which some old fellow would give to an actress: flower-holders, mirrors, curtains, plush seats—my friend on the left who is chairman of the Streets committee of the town council—and who has spent the whole day studying automobile fire-engines in neighbouring towns in view of purchase,—my friend, at the Elks last week at the breaking-up hymn, signalled for them to let Bill— a familiar friend of the saloon-keeper—sing out all alone to the organ—and he did sing! Salz-rolls, exquisite! and Ehine wine ad libitum. A masterly caviare sandwich. The children flitting about above stairs. The councilman has just bought a National eight—some car! For heaven's sake I mustn't forget the halves of green peppers stuffed with cream cheese and whole walnuts! William Carlos Williams Eutherford, New Jersey, U.S.A. LE BIEN-AIME Depuis que tu es mort Les fleurs Sont plus pales et plus belles De couleur. Les oiseaux Chantent des chants plus tristes: plus Sincères. La rivière Est plus profonde: ses ondes plus Am ères. La fleur rouge de mon cœur 'Depuis ta mort Est parfumée—et pale De couleur. Margaret Lyster TARR By Wyndham Lewis PAET VII: SWAGGEE SEX CHAPTER III He went slowly up the stairs feeling for his key. He arrived at the door without having found it. The door was ajar. At first this seemed natural to him, and he continued the search for the key. Then he suddenly dropped that occupation, pushed the door open and went into his studio. The moonlight came heavily through the windows. In a part of the room where it did not strike he became aware of an apparition of solid white. It was solid white flowed round by Naples yellow. It crossed into the moonlight and faced him, its hands placed like a modest statue's. The hair reached below the waist, and flowed to the right from the head. This tall nudity began laughing with a harsh sound like stone laughing. "Close the door! " it shouted, " there's a draught. You took a long time to consider my words. I've been waiting. Forgive me, Tarr. My words were acidulated whores, but my heart "—she put her hand on the skin roughly above that organ—" my heart was completely full of sugar! The acidulated demi-mondaine was a trick. It occupied your mind. You didn't notice me take your key! " His vanity was soothed. The key in her possession, which could only have been taken in the café, seemed to justify the harsh dialogue. She stood before him now with her arms up, hands joined behind her head. This impulse to take her clothes off had the cultural hygienic touch so familiar to him. The Naples yellow of the hair was the same colour as Bertha's, only it was coarser and thicker. Bertha's being fine. Anastasya's dark face, therefore, had the appearance almost of a mask. "Will you engage me as your model? Je fais de la réclame pour les Grecs." "You are very Ionian—hardly Greek. But I don't require a model. I never use nude models." "Well, I must dress again, I suppose." She turned towards a chair where her clothes were piled. But Tarr had learnt the laws of cultural emancipation. He shouted, " I accept, I accept! " He lifted her up in his arms, kissing her in the mass, as it were, and carried her through the door at the back of the studio leading to his bedroom. "Tarr, be my love. I don't want to give you up." This was said next morning, the sunlight having taken the place of the moonlight, but striking on the opposite side of the house. "You won't hear marriage talked about by me. I want to rescue you from your Bertha habits. Allow yourself to be rescued! We're very well together, aren't we? I'm not doing Bertha a bad turn, either, really. I admit my motive is quite selfish. What do you say? " "I am your slave! " Anastasya rolled up against him with the movement of a seal. "Thank you, Tarr. That's better than having a slave, isn't it? " "Yes, I think everything is in order." "Then you're my efficient chimpanzee? " "No, I'm the new animal; we haven't found a name for it yet. It will succeed the Superman. Back to the Earth! " "Jean-Jacques Rousseau. Kiss me! " CHAPTEE IV Tarr crawled towards Bertha that day on the back of a Place St. Michel bus. He did not like his job. ##October 1917 The secret of his visits to Bertha and interminable liaison was that he really never had meant to leave her at all, he reflected. He had not meant to leave her altogether. He was just playing. Or rather, a long debt of disgraceful behaviour was accumulating, that he knew would have to be met. It was deliberately increased by him, because he knew he would not repudiate it. But it would have been absurd not to try to escape. To-day he must break the fact to Bertha that he could no longer regard himself as responsible. He was faced with the necessity, for the first time, of seriously bargaining. The debt was not to be repudiated, but he must tell her that he only had himself to pay with, and that he had been seized by somebody else. He passed through her iron gateway with a final stealth, although making his boots sound loudly on the gravel. It was like" entering a vault, the trees looked like weeds; the meaning or taste of everything, of course, had died. The concierge looked like a new one. He had bought a flower for his buttonhole. He kept smelling it as he approached the house. During the last week or so he had got into the habit of writing his letters at Bertha's, to fill up the time. Occasionally he would do a drawing of her (a thing he had never done formerly) to vary the monotony. This time there would be no letter-writing. This visit would be more like the old ones. "Come in, Sorbert," she said, on opening the door. It was emphasizing the fact of the formality of the terms on which they at present met. Any prerogative of past and more familiar times was proudly rejected. There was the same depressed atmosphere as the day before, and the days preceding that. She appeared stale, somehow deteriorated and shabby, her worth decreased, and extremely pitiable. Her " reserve " (a natural result of the new equivocal circumstances) removed her to a distance, as it seemed; it also shut her up in herself, in an unhealthy, dreary, and faded atmosphere. She was shut up with a mass of reserves and secrets, new and old. She seemed sitting on them in rather dismal hen-like fashion, waiting to be asked to come out of herself and reveal something. It was a corpse among other things that she was sitting on, as Kreisler was one of her secrets. Mournfully reproachful, she kept guard over her secrets, a store of bric-à-brac that had gone out of fashion and were getting musty in a neglected shop. Their meetings sometimes were made painful by activity on Bertha's part. An attempt at penetration to an intimacy once possessed can be more indecent than the same action on the part of a stranger. This time he was greeted with long mournful glances. He felt she had thought of what she should say. This interview meant a great deal to her. His friendship meant more to her now than ever. The abject little room seemed to be thrust forward to awaken his memories and ask for pity. An intense atmosphere of Teutonic suicide permeated everything. He could not move an eyelid or a muscle without wounding or slighting something. It was like being in a dark kitchen at night, where you know at every step you will put your foot on a beetle. It had a still closer analogy to this in the disgust he felt for these too naked and familiar things he was treading on. He scowled at Beethoven, who scowled back at him like a reflection in a mirror. It was the fate of both of them to haunt this room. The Mona Lisa was there, and the Breton sabots and jars. She might have a change of scenery sometimes! He felt unreasonably that she must have left things in the same place to reproduce a former mood in him. His photograph was prominent on her writing-table; she seemed to say (with a sort of sickly idiocy), " You see, he is faithful to me! " She preceded him to her sitting-room. As he looked at her back he thought of her as taking a set number of paces, then turning round abruptly, confronting him. From a typical and similar enervation of the will to that which was at the bottom of his troubles, he could hardly stop himself from putting his arm round her waist while they stood for a moment close to each other. He did not wish to do this as a response to any resuscitating desire. It was only because it was the one thing he must not do. To throw himself into the abyss of perplexity he had just escaped from tempted him. The dykes and simulations of conduct were perpetually threatened by his neurasthenia in this way. He kept his hands in his pockets, however. When they had reached the room, she turned round, as he had half imagined, and caught hold of his hands. " Sorbert, Sorbert! " The words were said separately, each emphatic in significance. The second was a repetition only of the first. She seemed calling him by his name to conjure back his self again. Her face was a strained and anxious mask. "What is it, Bertha? " "I don't know! " She dropped his hands, drooped her head to the right and turned away. She sat down; he sat down opposite her. " Anything new? " he asked. " Anything new? Yes! " She gazed at him with an insistent meaning. He concluded this was just overemphasis, with nothing behind it; or, rather, everything. "Well, I have something new as well! " " Have you, Sorbert? " "First of all, how have my visits struck you latelv t What explanation have you found for them? " " Oh, none. Why find an explanation? Why do you ask? " " I thought I would explain." " Well? " " My explanation to myself was that I did not want to leave you brusquely, and I thought a blurred interlude of this sort would do no harm to either of us. Our loves could die in each other's arms." She stared with incredulous fixity at the floor, her spirit seeming to be arched like a swan and to be gazing down hypnotically. " The real reason was simply that, being very fond of you, I could not make up my mind to give you up. I claim that my visits were not frivolous." " Well! " " I would have married you, if you had considered that advisable." " Yes? And-? " " I find it very difficult to say the rest." " What is difficult? " "Well, I still like you very much. Yesterday I met a woman. I love her too. I can't help that. What must I do? " Bertha turned a slightly stormier white. " Who is she? " " You know her. She is Anastasya Vasek." The news struck through something else, and, inside, her ego shrank to an almost wizened being. It seemed glad of the protection the cocoon, the something, afforded her. " You did not—find out what my news was." " I didn't. Have you anything-? " " Yes. I am enceinte." He thought about this in a clumsy, incredulous way. It was a Roland for his Oliver! She was going to have a baby! With what regularity he was countered! ##140 This event rose up in opposition to the night he had just spent, his new promises and hopes of swagger sex in the future. He was beaten. .. Whose child is it! " " Kreisler's." " There you are! " he thought. He got up and stepped over to her with a bright relieved look in his face. " Poor little girl! That's a bad business. But don't worry about it. We can get married and it can always pass as mine—if we do it quickly enough." She looked up at him obliquely and sharply, with suspicion grown a habit. When she saw the pleasant, assured expression, she saw that at last things had turned. Sorbert was denying reality! He was ending with miracles, against himself. "Her instinct had always told her that generosity would not be wasted! She did not tell him of the actual circumstances under which the child had come. That would have weakened her happiness and her case. CHAPTER V When he got outside Bertha's house, Bertha waving to him from the window with tears in her eyes, he came in for the counter-attack. One after the other the protesting masses of good sense rolled up. He picked his way out of the avenue with a reasoning gesticulation of the body; a chicken-like motion of sensible fastidious defence in front of buffonic violence. At the gate he exploded in harsh laughter, looking bravely and railingly out into the world through his glasses. Then he walked slowly away in his short jacket, his buttocks moving methodically just beneath its rim. "Ha ha! Ha ha! Kreisleriana! " he shouted without his voice. The indignant plebs of his glorious organism rioted around his mind. " Ha ha! Ha ha! Sacré farceur, where are you leading us? " They were vociferous. " You have kept us fooling in this neighbourhood so long, and now you are pledging us to your idiotic fancy for ever. Ha ha! Ha ha! " " Be reasonable! What are you doing, master of our destiny? We shall all be lost! " A faction clamoured, " Anastasya! " Certain sense-sections attacked him in vulnerable spots with Anastasya's voluptuous banner unfurled and fragrant. He buffeted his way along, as though spray were dashing in his face, watchful behind his glasses. He met his thoughts with a contemptuous stiff veteran smile. This capricious and dangerous master had an offensive stylistic coolness, similar to Wellington breakfasting at Salamanca while Marmont hurried exultingly into traps; although he resembled his great countryman in no other way. Those thoughts that bellowed, " Anastasya! " however, worried him. He answered them. "Anastasya! Anastasya!! I know all about that! What do you take me for? You will still have your Anastasya. I am not selling myself or you. A man such as I does not dispose of himself in a case like this. I am going to marry Bertha Lunken. Well? Shall I be any the less my own master for that reason? If I want to sleep with Anastasya, I shall do so. Why marry Bertha Lunken, and shoulder all that semi-contagious muck? Because it is only the points or movements in life that matter, and one of those points indicates that course, namely, to keep faith with another person: and secretly to show my contempt for the world by choosing the premier venu to be my body-servant and body-companion; my contempt for my body too." He sought to overcome his reasons by appeals to their corporate vanity, He had experienced rather a wrench as regards Anastasya. The swanky sex with which he had ornamented his future could not be dismissed so easily. He was astonished that it could be dismissed at ail, and asked himself the reason. He sacrificed Anastasya with a comparatively light heart. It was chiefly his vanity that gave trouble. He came back to his earlier conclusions. Such successful people as Anastasya and himself were by themselves. It was as impossible to combine or wed them as to compound the genius of two great artists. If you mixed together into one whole Gainsborough and Goya you would get nothing, for they would be mutually destructive. Beyond a certain point of perfection individual instinct was its own law. A subtle lyrical wail would gain nothing from living with a rough and powerful talent, or vice versa. Success is always personal. Co-operation, group-genius was, he was convinced, a slavish pretence and absurdity. Only when the group was so big that it became a person again, as with a nation, did you get mob-talent or popular art. This big, diffuse, vehement giant was the next best thing to the great artist; Patchin Tcherana coming just below. He saw this quite clearly. He and Anastasya were a superfluity, and destructive conflict. It was like a mother being given a child to bear the same size already as herself. Anastasya was in every way too big; she was too big physically. But did not sex change the whole question, when it was a woman? He did not agree to this. Woman and the sexual sphere seemed to him to be an average from which everything came: from it everything rose, or attempted to rise. There was no mysterious opposition extending up into Heaven, and dividing Heavenly Beings into Gods and Goddesses. There was only one God, and he was a man. A woman was a lower form of life. Everything was female to begin with. A jellyish diffuseness spread itself and gaped on the beds and in the bas-fonds of everything. Above a certain level of life sex disappeared, just as in highly organized sensualism sex vanishes. And, on the other hand, everything beneath that line was female. Bard, Simpson, Mackenzie, Townsend, Annandale— he enumerated acquaintances evidently below the absolute line, and who displayed a lack of energy, permanently mesmeric state, and almost purely emotional reactions. He knew that everything on the superior side of that line was not purged of jellyish attributes; also that Anastasya's flaccid and fundamental charms were formidable, although the line had been crossed by her. One thing was impressive, however. The loss of Anastasya did not worry him, except magnified through the legal acquisition of Bertha. What did he want? Well, he did not want Anastasya as much as he should. He was incorrigible, he concluded. He regarded the Anastasya evening as a sort of personal defeat even. The call of duty was nevertheless very strong. He ought to love Anastasya; and his present intentions as regards his despicable fiancée were a disgraceful betrayal, etc. etc. The mutterings of reason continued. That evening he met Anastasya. The moment he saw her he realized the abysses of indignity and poorness he was flinging himself into with Bertha Lunken. A sudden humbleness entered him and put him out of conceit with his judgment, formed away from bright objects like Anastasya. The selfishness that caused his sentimentality when alone with Bertha was dissipated or not used in presence of more or less successful objects and people. None of his ego was required by his new woman. She possessed plenty of her own. This, he realized later, was the cause of his lack of attachment. He needed an empty vessel to flood with his vitality, and not an equal and foreign vitality to exist side by side with coldly. He had taken into sex the procédés and selfish ##October 1917 arrangements of life in general. He had humanized sex too much. He frequently admitted this, but with his defence lost sight of the flagrancy of the permanent fact. He felt in Anastasya for the first time now an element of protection and safety. She was a touchwood and harbour from his perplexed interior life. She had a sort of ovation from him. All his obstinacy in favour of his fiancée had vanished. With Anastasya's appearance an entirely different world was revealed that demanded completely new arguments. They went to the same restaurant as the night before. He talked quietly, until they had drunk too much, and Bertha was not mentioned. " And what of Bertha? " she asked finally. " Never mind about Bertha." " Is she extinct? " "No. She threatens an entirely new sort of eruption." "Oh. In what way new-! " " It doesn't matter. It won't come our way." " Are you going there to-morrow? " " I suppose I must. But I shall not make many more visits of-" " What's that? " " I shall give up going, I say." He shifted restlessly in his chair. After breakfast next morning they parted, Tarr going back to work. Butcher, whom he had not seen for some days, came in. He agreed to go down into town and have lunch with him. Tarr put on a clean shirt. Talking to Butcher while he was changing, he stood behind his bedroom door. Men of ambitious physique, like himself, he had always noticed, were inclined to puff themselves out or let their arms hang in a position favourable to their muscles while changing before another man. To avoid this embarrassment or absurdity, he made a point of never exhibiting himself unclothed. His conversation with Butcher did not fall on matters in hand. As with Anastasya, he was unusually reticent. He had turned over a new leaf. He became rather alarmed at this himself when he realized it. After lunch he left Butcher and went to the Mairie of the Quartier du Paradis and made inquiries about civil marriages. He did it like a sleep-walker. He was particularly amiable with Bertha that day, and told her of his activities at the Mairie and made an appointment with her there for the next day. Daily, then, he proceeded with his marriage arrangements in the afternoons, saw Bertha regularly, but without modifying the changed " correctness " of his attitude. The evenings he spent with Anastasya. By the time the marriage preliminaries had been gone through, and Bertha and he could finally be united, his relations with Anastasya had become as close as formerly his friendship with Bertha had been. With the exception of the time from three in the afternoon to seven in the evening that he took off every day to see his fiancée, he was with her. On September 29, three weeks after Bertha had told him that she was pregnant, he married her—in the time between three in the afternoon and seven in the evening set aside for her. Anastasya knew nothing about these things. Neither Bertha nor she were seeing their German women friends for the moment. After the marriage at the Mairie Bertha and Tarr walked back to the Luxembourg Gardens and sat down. She had not during the three intervening weeks mentioned Anastasya. It was no time for generosity; she had done too much of that. Fräulein Vasek was the last person for whom she felt inclined to revive chivalry. She let Tarr marry her out of pity, and never referred to his confidence about his other love. They sat for some time without speaking, as though they had quarrelled. She said, then: "I am afraid, Sorbert, I have been selfish-" "You—selfish? How's that? Don't talk nonsense." He had turned at once to her with a hurried fondness genuinely assumed. She looked at him with her wistful, democratic face, full of effort and sentiment. "You are very unhappy, Sorbert-" He laughed convincingly. " No, I'm all right. Don't worry about me. I'm a little meditative. That is only natural on such a solemn occasion. I was thinking, Bertha, we must set up house somewhere, and announce our marriage. We must do this for appearance' sake. You will soon be incapacitated-" "Oh, I shan't be just yet." "In any case, we have gone through this form because— We must make this move efficacious. What are your ideas as to an establishment? Let us take a flat together somewhere round here. The Eue Servandian is a nice street. Do you know it? " " No." She put her head on one side and puckered up her forehead. " Near the Luxembourg Museum." They discussed a possible domicile. He got up. " It's rather chilly. Let's get back." They walked for some time without speaking. So much unsaid had to be got rid of, without necessarily being said. Bertha did not know at all where she was. Their " establishment," as discussed by Tarr, appeared very unreal, and also, what there was of it, disagreeable. She wondered what he was going to do with her. " You remember what I said to you some weeks ago—about Anastasya Vasek. I am afraid there has been no change in that. You do not mind that? " " No, Sorbert. You are perfectly free." " I am afraid I shall seem unkind. This is not a nice marriage for you. Perhaps I was wrong to suggest it? " " How, wrong? I have not been complaining." They arrived at the iron gate. " Well, I'd better not come up now. I will come along to-morrow—at the usual time." " Good-bye, Sorbert. A demain! " " A demain! " (To be concluded) THE EVERLASTING SORROW A JAPANESE NOH PLAY Characters Yang Kuei-fei, the mistress of Ming Huang. A Taoist Priest. Chorus. This chorus sometimes speaks in place of the characters, sometimes explains the meaning of their movements. Taoist Priest. Yang Kuei-fei, the beloved mistress of the Sovereign Ming Huang, one glance from whom would overthrow a city, two glances an empire, was lost at the foot of the Ma-wai hill. The Sovereign, ever so sad in memory of her cloud-like hair and flower-like face, supreme among the powder and paint beauties of his harem, commanded me, a taoist priest of Liu-Ch'ung, to find the lady Yang's lost soul by my wizardry. By the august command of the Sovereign, I went high up to Heaven and low down to earth, searched the skies above and the ##142 Yellow Springs below, but I am almost discouraged in my effort. And now as my final attempt, I am starting toward the Isle of Blest. Away in the dream-covered oceans, I search after the Beauty's lost soul—let my boat swim quickly over the thousand waves. How glad I am here arrived in the Isle of Blest! Chorus. Behold the Palace of Eternitv rising like the five-coloured rainbow clouds. Behold the splendour far surpassing that of the Hibiscus Pavilion of the Sovereign's court, where dance and laughter will frighten away dullness of the night. Taoist Priest. Here is the jade door of the Western gate. I will loiter by it and find some dweller of the island whom I can ask a few questions. Yang Kuei-fei. I, Yang Kuei-fei, the queen of the world of Eternity, have now returned home from the world where, being wafted into ecstasy on the fumes of love and wine, I passed my temporary life in a golden house by the Sovereign's particular favour. Oh, what a sad memory! I cannot forget how the air of the Eainbow Skirt and Feather Jacket was stopped by the sudden roll of the rebel war-drum. Oh, how painful to recollect over my flight! [The singing is heard in distance. The dust clouds rise by the nine-folded city; A thousand horses and chariots to the south-west move. Feather and jewels onward and then a halt: A hundred miles from the city on the west, The soldiers refuse to advance, nothing with them can be done; Alas, in sight of them the moth-eyebrowed beauty is forced to die. On the ground lie ornaments with nobody to pick them up, Kingfishers' wings, golden sparrows, and hairpins of jade. The Sovereign covers his face, powerless to save; Turning back, his tears and blood he lets flow. Taoist Priest. The ambassador sent by the Sovereign, I am here. Is there the queen of the Palace within? Yang Kuei-fei. The Sovereign's ambassador? — oh, what message you have? Chorus. Pushing away the flower-curtains, she descends down from the jewel turret. How beautiful she is! As if a spray of pear-bloom in a rain-wet spring morn, her beauty is now seen being subdued. Taoist Priest. How the Sovereign hated to keep the morning audience, how he wished to be with you amid revels and feasts! Since your sudden death, his sad heart is never brightened by even the brightness of the moon. The sound of a bell through the evening rain only gives him pain of memory. The Ssuch'nan hills and Ssuch'nan waters are ever so dark; the Sovereign is consumed by grief and tears night and day. [Again the singing is heard in distance. In the hibiscus, he sees her face, in the willow her eyebrows; How should not his longing tears flow, When the peach or plum blooms in spring breezes, When in autumn rain the wu-t'ung leaves fall? To the south of the western palace are many trees, But the fallen leaves on the steps no one sweeps. The Pear-Garden entertainer's hair is white as if with age, The beauties of the Pepper-Chamber look no longer young. The fireflies flit by the even hall only to make him sad; Even when the lone lamp is burnt out, he still fails to sleep: The slowly passing watches tell the night is so long; Clearly shine the constellations as if the morn would never come. On the duck-and-drake tiles of a roof the heavy frosts rattle; The kingfisher coverlet is cold with none to share its warmth: Parted by life and death, time still goes on; Never once does her spirit come back even in his dream. I am sent here by him to find your soul, lost from his world, and to render to you in person his words of longing. How glad I am to find you beautiful and young as of old. Yang Kuei-fei. How since we parted I have missed his form and voice! Our love on earth so soon came to an end; but the days and months in the Palace of Blest are long and so long, I have to suffer the more in my longing. How often I turn and gaze down toward the world and mortal life, and cry, not seeing at all the Imperial City in dusts and mists! Oh, how pleased I am to be assured of the Sovereign's love in sending you here to see me! But to have no communication with him and his world would rather lighten my sorrowful thought and pain. Now having his sweet message, my sad heart burns in love and memory of the days past; oh, what longing I feel toward my beloved Sovereign. Taoist Priest. The Sovereign will be glad to know that I have met you and to receive your words of love. But I pray that you will give me something in the way of a keepsake to prove to him as with your very presence. Chorus. Taking out one-half of her jewelled gold hairpin, the lady Yang says: " Tell the Sovereign to keep this till in heaven or in earth below we two may meet again—till we may meet again." Taoist Priest. Since such a thing as a hairpin is quite common in the lost world, the Sovereign might not believe in my meeting with you. I desire to be given some particular thing he would recognize as belonging to you alone. Yang Kuei-fei. Indeed, I now happen to recall to my mind how on the seventh day of the seventh moon, in the Hall of Immortality, at midnight when no one was anear,— * Chorus. —the Sovereign whispered in my ears, after pledging the two stars in the sky: In heaven we will ever fly like one-winged birds; * On earth grow joined like a tree with branches twining tight. There would be nothing better than these words to prove that you have seen me, since they are the words only the Sovereign and myself know. Pray, present them to him— Yang Kuei-fei. —as a proof, when you return to the world and see him. Chorus. My worldly body was lost at Ma-wai hill; the promise with the one-winged bird and branch-intertwining tree— Yang Kuei-fei. —has become useless. But my changeless soul still longs— Chorus. —for the day when we shall meet again. Taoist Priest. How glad I should be if I could take you back with me to the world and the Sovereign's side! I have now to say a good-bye, and to hurry back to report to him about my success in meeting with you. Yang Kuei-fei. Tarry yet for a while! I will dance for you a dance of the Eainbow Skirt and Feather Jacket— Chorus. —to make our parting a little happier; — Yang Kuei-fei. —and let me dwell on the days past'— Chorus. —when song and dance in unison with guitar and flute— Yang Kuei-fei. —made the Sovereign's harem an endless revel.— Chorus. —unknown to night and tears. [The lady Yang begins to dance. Yang Kuei-fei. See the dance of the Eainbow Skirt— Chorus. —and Feather Jacket! Yang Kuei-fei. Who will know the dancer's heart? — Chorus. —who will know the dancer's heart? Yang Kuei-fei. What sad memory of my love! * Each bird must fly with a mate, since it has onlv one wing. ##October 1917 Chorus. Alas, while dancing she secretly cries. Her tears will descend down and down to the lower world, —upon the peach blossoms at early morn. Lo, snow-white dews on the flowers! And read in the petals the sad story of the beautiful Yang! [The singing is heard in far and far distance. Heaven lasting, Earth long, will some day pass away; But her sorrow shall be for ever, for ever and aye! Heaven lasting, Earth long, will some day pass away; But her sorrow shall be for ever, for ever and aye! YONE Noguchi AMERICAN POEMS TOWARDS THE END THE things took strands of darkness And tucked them around themselves And gently dreamed. They knew—the chairs and the table knew— What they really were And so they dreamed and wondered. . . . You were smaller than you were; And your step was softer. Your body knew, too. Your hands and your feet thought for themselves— Thought of life and death, And smiled a little. And they spoke to one another. Your eyes were The eyes of a frightened child, And yet something deep in them Knew and smiled. Max Michelson PROFILE Coolness I feel in you— The rippled music of a poplar-tree, Green of wormwood And ambrosia. And I divine A flame in you Screened passionately, Because you are proud Or that you have dedicated the flame To a god. I wish you would tell me. Clara Shanafelt PAGEANTS I never see soldiers marching to music But I hear the sickening din of the battle And I think of the grim, stark terrors of warfare. . . . I never see children play in the sunlight But I shrink at the thought of how much they will have to suffer And that they know not what is awaiting them in the future. I never see lovers sitting together happy But I think of the anguish that comes with loving— The waiting, the fear, the hope, the longing, the heartache . . . I never see youth walking before me radiant, dauntless, But I picture the hour when the smile and the light will have faded, When the strength and the glow of the body will have passed into nothingness. I never see the city flaming with banners Flaunting its colour and movement and magic, Its marvellous splendour, awful, tumultuous, But it seems like a puppet-show, lurid and gaudy, And I think of the spaces of still country meadows Where birds are soaring into the ether And Beauty is more real than a shadow, and God is far more than a name is! I never see April spreading her nimbus of azure Over mountain and valley, and quickening the earth with her glory But I think of the autumn and winds that are chilling and fearless And of snows that come bruising the faces of flowers. It is strange none who pass in the bright-coloured pageant Called life are in any way fearful— And not one is afraid; not the soldier who walks to the bugle, Not the child as he laughs and plays in the sunlight, Not the lover awaiting his sweetheart's caresses, Not the youth who stands facing the future undaunted, Not the dweller in cities barbaric and splendid, Not the flowers of April that crimson the meadows. Blanche Shoemaker Wagstaff DIALOGUES OF FONTENELLE Readers will doubtless be glad to know that the Dialogues of Fontenelle translated by Mr. Ezra Pound, which appeared in twelve numbers of The Egoist, are being reprinted in book form and will be ready shortly (price Is. 3d., postage l 1/2d.). Orders should be sent to The Egoist Ltd., Oakley House, Bloomsbury Street, London, W.C.I. Peasant Pottery Shop 41 Devonshire Street, Theobald's Road, W.C. (Close to Southampton Row) Interesting British and Continental: Peasant Pottery on sale: Brightly coloured plaited felt Rugs PRUFROCK NOW READY Prufrock and other Observations By T. S. ELIOT The Egoist, Ltd. Price 1s. net; postage 1d. POETS' TRANSLATION SERIES 1. (Ready) The complete poems (25) of Anyte of Tegea, now brought together in English for the first time: translated by Richard Aldington. (8 pages) 2d. net (3d. post free). 2. (Ready) An entirely new version of the poems and new fragments, together with the more important of the old fragments, of Sappho: translated by Edward Storer. (12 pages) 4d. net (sd. post free). 3. (Ready) Choruses from the " Iphigenia in Aulis " of Euripides: translated by H. D. 6d. net (7d. post free). 4. (Ready) A choice of the Latin poetry of the Italian Renaissance, many now translated for the first time, by Richard Aldington. 4d. net (5d. post free). 5. (Ready) The Poems of Leonidas of Tarentum, now collected —and many translated for the first time in English—by James Whitall. 6d. net (7d. post free). 6. (Ready) The "Mosella " of Ausonius, translated by F. S. Flint. 6d. net (7d. post free). All the pamphlets—except the first—are twelve to twenty-eight pages long and cost 4d. or 6d. net; 5d. or 7d. post free. The series of six 2s. net post free. To be obtained from: The Egoist, Oakley House, Bloomsbury Street, W.C. The Second Series is unavoidably postponed. ##144 THE EGOIST October 1917 POETRY Magazine " of Edited by HARRIET MONROE y One Year (12 Numbers) U.S.A. $1.50; Canada, $1.65; Great Britain, 7/- " The Best Magasine—by far—in the English language."—PADRAIC COLUM. Poetry publishes the best verse now being written in English, and its prose section contains brief articles on subjects connected with the art, also reviews of the new verse. It has introduced more new poets of importance than all the other American magazines combined, besides publishing the work of poets already distinguished. Subscribe at once—the April number began Vol. VIII. POETRY. 543 Cass Street, Chicago. U.S.A. Enclosed find Seven Shillings for one year's subscription, beginning........................................................ Name....................................................................................................................................................................................... Address................................................................................. EDITORIAL Letters, etc., intended for the Editor of The Egoist should be addressed to Oakley House, Bloomsbury Street, London, W.C. TERMS OF SUBSCRIPTION. Yearly, 6/6; U.S.A. $1.60. Six months, 3/3; U.S.A. $ .80. Three months, 1/9; U.S.A. $ .40. Single copies 7d., post free to all countries. Cheques, postal and money orders, etc., should be payable to The Egoist, Limited, and crossed " Parr's Bank, Bloomsbury Branch." ADVERTISEMENT RATES. Per page £4. Quarter page £1 Is. Od. Per inch single column, 4s. Half rates after first insertion. All advertisements must be prepaid. A PORTRAIT OF THE ARTIST AS A YOUNG MAN By JAMES JOYCE 6s. net; postage 4d.) PRUFROCK By T. S. ELIOT (It. net; postage, Id.) Please send me_ _.for which I enclose_ Name_ Address________________________________ Orders, accompanied by Remittance, should be sent to the publishers, THE EGOIST, Limited, Oakley House, Bloomsbury St., London, W.C. The Little Review " THE MAGAZINE THAT IS READ BY THOSE WHO WRITE THE OTHERS " The following Authors have contributed or will contribute to the current volume (begun May 1917): W. B. YEATS (14 poems) LADY GREGORY (complete play) FORD MADOX HUEFFER (prose series) ARTHUR SYMONS (complete play) WYNDHAM LEWIS (regularly) T. S. ELIOT EZRA POUND (London Editor) ARTHUR WALEY (translations from the Chinese) "jh." MARGARET ANDERSON, Editor Yearly Subscription: England, 7/-; U.S.A., $1.50 THE LITTLE REVIEW 24 West 16th Street, New York City, U.S.A. 5 Holland Place Chambers, London, W.8 Enclosed please find Seven Shillings for one year's subscription.................. Name.................................. Address................................ POETRY JOURNAL editors EDMUND R. BROWN BLANCHE SHOEMAKER WAGSTAFF If you are a reader of poetry, this is the one magazine you cannot afford to miss. Every issue contains twenty to thirty pages of new poetry; important reviews of new books of verse; selections—in the Counsellors' Tavern— from the poetic opinion of all time; selections from new volumes; lists of all new books and magazine articles on poetry; and poems of distinction in the current magazines selected for The Poetry Journal by William Stanley Braithwaite. In making a selection of poetry to print, the Editors are not restricted by considerations of subject, school, or length. Complete plays, long narrative poems, odes, and shorter pieces of all kinds and of all schools are published. The Poetry Journal represents an anthology of the best verse produced by modern poets, and is a complete record of the poetic renaissance. Monthly. Fifteen cents a copy. $1.50 per year Canada $1.62. Foreign $1.74 Published by THE FOUR SEAS COMPANY 67 Cornhill, Boston, U.S.A. For Sale at the Poetry Bookshop, London. Printed at The Complete Press, West Norwood, and published by the Proprietors, The Egoist, Limited, at Oakley House, Bloomsbury Street, London, W.C.##