The Egoist , made Published the 1st and 15th of each month. The Egoist AN INDIVIDUALIST REVIEW. Formerly the NEW FREEWOMAN. No. 9. Vol. I. FRIDAY, MAY 1st, 1914. Sixpence. Assistant  RICHARD ALDINGTON. Editors LEONARD A. COMPTON-RICKETT. Editor: DORA MARSDEN, B.A GONTENTS. Pack Poems. By Richard Aidington 161 Views and Comments. 162 Serial Story ;— Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man. By James Joyce. 165 Liberations: Studies of Individuality in Contemporary Music. By Leigh Henry 167 Page Passing Paris. By Saint Fiacre. 169 Revolt of the Angels. By A. R. 170 Memoirs of a Charming Person. By M. de V-M. 171 Andre Dunoyer de Segonzac, Painter. With illustrations. By Madame Ciolkowska. 173 Page Poetry. By Charlotte M. Mew. 175 Correspondence. 175 Property and Theft." Servants" and the "People." Divine Inspiration. The Hub of the Universe. Ideals and Idols. On this Spiritual Reality. Marriage and the Roman Catholic Church. Marriage and its Rivals. POEMS, By Richard Aldington. At Mitylene. O Artemis, Will you not leave the dark fastness And set your steel-white foot upon the foam, And come across the rustling sand Setting it adrift with the wind of your raiment? For these women have laid out a purple cloth, And they have builded you an altar Of white shells for the honey. O Artemis, Girdle the gold about you, Set the silver upon your hair And remember us— We, who have grown weary even of music, We who would scream behind the wild clogs ui Scythia. A Farewell. (For a few men of Poseidonia; for a few of to-day.) Many have wounded you with evil praise, O most high gods, Many have spoken against you; Many have uttered your names. And you lie upon golden Olympus— Aphrodite, Apollo, Here— And you muse of love or of fate, And you watch the gold thin mist As you lean by the golden cups. O most high gods— Artemis, Hermes, Zeus— We have Ate or Isis for queen. Persephone has left us, has left us. Many men have wronged you, O most high gods ; Our praise is as dust in your wine-cups; The voice of Apollo is still, O most high gods; We give you for garlands, We give you for wine and for salt, We give you for paeans and hymns, our tears, Our silence. 0 most high gods, We bring you our silence. ENNUIES. To a Poet. May we not be spared— I beseech you— This insistent cult of "Nature," This pitiless reiteration? May we not accept The facts of vegetation and florescence Without these reminders? I grant you that hyacinths Are blue, and that olives Are green in their season, That berries are juicy and vine-leaves delightful. But may we not leave them to Wordsworth And caterpillars, And ourselves make merry With our own particular Unvegetable artifices? June, 1913. Les Ennuyes Exquis. Our immaculate boredom Must have no stain of emotion, And even our amours Must be fragile and curious. We would languidly fashion The features of Nero From emerald and basalt. Let us be indolent But very remarkable. 162 THE EGOIST May 1st, 1914 The clots of people Aljout Piccadilly Are sordid and sweaty; We suspect them of vices Like marriage and business, And we know they are ignorant Of Hokkei and Ruf inus; But we cannot be troubled To protest, or instruct them; Our immaculate boredom Must have no stain of emotion. November, 1912. Verona. The heat is spread over the land Like thick gold petals of a rose That has the sun for heart; It is spread out Like three blankets too many On a summer bridal couch. When they splash water On the hot flag-stones Of the Piazza delle Erbe The old women laugh with pleasure. The young women complain; They buy perfumes. O England, my dull England, I am glad to be away from you, And in a joyous city Where it is actually too hot. June, 1913. A Liver. You say "This is not my lover!" Ah, dear little mistress, You strive vainly to goad my soul into gaiety; It lies inert and bored, masculine, With a sick horror of eternal disgusts. July, 1913. Solemn Meditation. I am a-weary of this fecundity, This monstrous clamour of babes, This prodigious animality; For if I love Woman It must be as the frail stars And the light of crystal waters, Not as two rabbits In a domestic den. By Zeus, I had liever be an eunuch! Sweet God, Keep me unwed And sterile! Eileithuia, Be thou a goddess Unknown in my house, Neither be thou summoned By howling of women. April, 1912. Stodge. Decency, Reverence, The home, The school, The university, The church, The law (especially), Property, The leisured classes, Kensington, The bible— O phallus of the Lampsacene, O Nero, Cybele, Isis, Atys, O ithyphallic deities, Have mercy on us. Kurioi eleisate. September, 1913. VIEWS AND COMMENTS. ON property. The mischief in all the debates which turn on property is that unconsciously the debaters are infected by the clerical habit of labelling as to quality. They are so put about to decide whether property is good lor one or bad for one that they forget that their first concern is with what property is. The subject is by this means landed in the thorny region of attitudes, oughts, and duties where the controversy born of ungranted assumptions takes the place of the unrestrained tale readily told. Out of the great clamour which in modern times has raged about property two themes only can be picked out: one, that property is "bad "for a man, therefore must men be influenced to acquiesce in the placing of their property in Mort-main: In the Dead Hand which cannot be harmed by, or do harm to, it—the corporation, the commune, the state, the guild; and two, a fainter-sounding but more tenacious one that it is "good "and that therefore the "influence "must be exercised to find out ways and means whereby once got, property may remain attached to its possessors. Now both these lines of theory become obviously futile if one starts from the point of what property is. Property, as its name sufficiently indicates, is what is one's own. What makes a thing into property is the fact that a person owns it. Apart from this power of the owner to work his will upon objects, "property "is not property: it is mere substance—part of the objective world, whatever we will to name it. The tight little problem with which a modern tendency of thinking is faced is, how at one and the same time to retain and abolish property, how to make commodities one's own and yet not one's own. When this has been solved, "collective "ownership will begin to show livelier signs of being acceptable to blunt sense, but until then, "collective" ownership will remain what it at present is, and always has been, the cover under which after winning a more or less grudging "consent," the few who are sufficiently powerful to mount to "control "will own the various properties which nominally are the possessions of the collective group. That is, the few will as long as they remain in power, work their will on the "organisation" —the Dead Hand, and afore-time property, after having been transmuted into 11 substance," will again become property: the property of the controllers. Property is "one's own," and driven from one owner it finds another as inevitably as water seeks its level. And an owner is a master—one who does with what he possesses according to his own nature. Accordingly when a group vests its "property "in a Dead Hand, the Dead Hand of necessity must elect living agents: the property finds its owners in the agents. It is inevitable. Should the official be one who cannot "own "on an extended scale he at once appears the "nithing," the "weak man "in the system. The "group "detest him in a sense and a degree very far different from that in which they fear a tyrant, for he reflects their folly back upon them. The "group "appreciate even if they could not explain the difference between being governed by a Napoleon and a Praise-God Bare-bones: even between a Sir Edward Carson and a Labour M.P. May 1st, 1914 THE EGOIST 163 The reason is that what one can own, i.e. control, gives a measure of what one is: and the instinctive knowledge which the masses have, all phrases to the contrary notwithstanding, that the official in control is the owner is revealed by the fact that they reckon such a one, being elected to the position and not acting as owner merely proves himself to be incapable. They realise that they have not merely divested themselves of their own powers to own, but have perpetrated the foolishness in the interest of one too feeble to profit by it. The misunderstandings which are rife in relation to the holding of property are due to the fact that we endeavour to limit the area over which it extends. We own not only land and money (supposing we do): our "property "extends to the limits exactly of what we are: the nucleus of our property is what we are born with: instincts, family, grace, beauty, manner, brains, and the original dower of power which we have which puts them into evidence. These, are, in a more absolute sense than material possessions—our property. In relation to what these are, the toll we can levy of such material possessions as we desire will be. Human calculations are likeliest to work out aright if we regard our "property," that is, our "own," rather as a native endowment, than as something which can be post-natally conferred, as for instance, our kind of education; if we regard it as fundamental, a hazard of which the die is cast at birth: like our breathing apparatus rather than a muffler or artificial respirator. In fact, the analogy between the power to acquire property and the power to breathe might be usefully extended. Both are native endowments; both are necessary to continued existence; both are powers which can be adequately exercised only on one's own initiative; both require for their exercise access to a medium external to the body through which they exercise; both require their needs to be measured by their wants: both invalidate the entire person by any failure to work effectually, both have a minimum of specific requirements which they draw from the environment in which they are placed; and these failing in either case, only an advanced stage of inanition explains the failure of fight to the last degree of savagery in order to enable them to augment their powers to the necessary degree. That one acquires food and clothing for its first satisfaction while the other acquires fresh air makes no real sort of difference to the parallel. The ones are as essential as the other and their acquisition to be considered as much a matter of course. It will of course be maintained that the power to acquire property and the actual coming by it are two very different things; it is because they are regarded as so different that those debaters who uphold the "theme "that property is "good "are so concerned with the ways and means of keeping property" stable"; ready to go to any length towards the creation of an authority which will guarantee that men shall remain secure in their property. Yet after all their efforts the nature of property defeats them: it remains fluid. It gathers as a refulgence about the individual powers, grows dense and dissipates exactly according to the force of the individual will about which it settles. The authority which was to keep it fluid, itself becomes the property of those who choose to exploit it. All properties are as fluid to the acquiring as air is: they know only one authority: the will which can command them; and the means which can command them can be as readily sought and found in the individual will, as can the force which primarily conceives them as desirable. There are no firm and fixed methods: there are merely convenient ones. Whatever method serves best to the getting and holding is best. The line of least resistance to actual possession is the line for successful competition. Phrases — "morality," "legality" —from the point of vision of the person on the make are negligible quantities: they come into the reckoning only as possible factors with resisters one might encounter on the way. They belong to the kind of forces which, while not respected, are recognised: they enter into the calculation in the account of resistance to be met, but not in the account of the force which is to meet it. Moral and legal forces are part of the machinery whereby those who think property" good" try to make us" respect" our neighbour's property: whereas the fit and feasible thing is for each of us to respect our own. The respect due to our neighbour's property is the affair of our neighbour. Minding each other's business—and property—is a dull laborious and irritating affair. Minding our own is our native interest; the proper affair of a swagger person. For the possession of property is nothing more than the expression of our personality and will, the material with which we are able to do as we please. The seeking to acquire it is the endeavour to get a free scope for the exercising of our own power: it is the avenue to self-expression and self-satisfaction. Those who do not force open such an avenue to some extent, are those who have nothing to express. A deterring "respect "that the avenue is other people's property is a smug' excuse provided for those who cannot attend to their own proper concerns. It does not hold with stronger powers, nor does human admiration go out to it. It goes to the "strong "men: whether it is the exploiter who sets out to buy human stuff— body and soul—to express his will upon—like Mr. Ford; or any "tyrant "who will sacrifice his fellows life and limb—to please himself. They like it. When men gather up all their scattered conceptions of what is admirable and create God, they create him in their image and give him the world to play with. The world is his: we and all that therein is. He makes his will through the world and us: anything less would be a derogation of his dignity and power. It is not an accident that men have conceived "god "under such an image: he is the embodiment of the strong will which they fundamentally admire. That the image entails their being hustled somewhat is matter for grim satisfaction. There is a real pride in being treated sans ceremonie. If it is felt occasionally that God goes too far, he does not lack apologists. "May not God do what He likes with His own?" Of course God has the advantage over earthly strong men of being very remote and is thus saved from administering those aggravating personal pushes for which well-beloved earthly tyrants usually pay with their necks: though even a Job ultimately cursed him, in spite of his good opinion of him. In short he ceased to respect him though he continued to like him: and that is precisely what happens with the strong-willed here: the great of the earth—those who work their own will in the world—are admired and liked but, of necessity, tripped up, kept as much as possible on a leash; as for the small, the feeble-willed who respect their neighbour's possessions—they are neither liked nor respected; they are trodden upon: then actively disliked because they appear so messy and disfigured. CjJ Cj3 CjJ If then the person who respects only his own property, placing on his neighbour the onus of respecting his, is the one who instinctively is appreciated as the worthier person, it remains to consider why the apparent practical forcing into effect of such instinctive impulses is spoken of with disfavour: why, in short, the seizing of property is regarded with abhorrence. It is mainly accountable to the uncalculated effects of the efforts of those who seek to make property stable, by guaranteeing a man's "security "in his possessions. What actually happens is that property follows its natural trend in the wake of the strong will. The net which the invoked "authority "lays manages only to ensnare those too THE EGOIST  May 1st, 1914 feeble to break through it. It is like a spider's ne which will catch flies but through which a man': boot rips without recognising its presence. In effec the pains and penalties which the state attaches tc attacks on property turn out to be handicaps attachec to the slowest runners. Prison is the potential home of the poor: the crust and ha'penny stealers. The big thieves regard prison as outworks of their variou: enterprises: the houses of correction which a kindl) state for some unaccountable reason supplies then with gratuitously. It is not strange that the strong and rich believe in the state and the penalties 11 imposes: because these things suit them; there is nc need for them to be hypocritical: they believe with all their heart and soul that the poor should noi steal: it would be quite awkward if they began to: like two people both trying to get through a stile al the same time. So to encourage them they will, unless it happens to be seriously inconvenient at the moment, observe the demeanour of one who does noi commit petty thefts: in fact they would honestly be ashamed to. Let Justice be done and preserve the Law-Courts! The really queer and odd factor concerned in the morals clustered about "theft "is that the propertyless take so readily to them. The praiseworthy efforts of the rich in maintaining the "tale as it is told," are based on common sense and are comprehensible, but the acquiescence of the "poor "is only explained by failure in intelligence. Not only do their instincts fail to prompt them to the adequate assertion of their will to acquire: they are not strong enough to resist the laying-on of such an interpretation of their situation as makes a bad case hopeless. They permit themselves to be bamboozled into the belief that the piping voice of the magistrate saying to the poor, "He that takes what isn't his'n, When he's cotched'll go to pris'n," is the thundering voice of the Lord saying from everlasting to everlasting "Thou shalt not steal." What really means nothing more than "Mind your manners," gets mixed up with odd queer things like Universal L-aw, Religion, Space and Everlasting Time, into which mixture the figure of the policeman and hangman appear as the agents of an Eternal Justice which deflects them— mere specks—into time. Not all the "poor "however are thus pathetically and bemusedly silly. They are not all putty made for the moulder's hand, ready to be shaped by the "statesmanship "of the perfect statesman. Quite a goodly proportion would be able to appreciate Mr. Winston Churchill's remarks anent Sir Ed. Carson: appreciate them perhaps a shade more caustically than they doubtless appeared to their author. "The great democracy is watching. So often we urge these millions to be patient with their bare necessities of life—the audience in India—in Egypt— all are watching, noting—native soldiers, native officers —the devastating doctrines of Mr. Bonar Law. . . . I thank God that I have not to play for the stakes to which you are committed. ' We are Tories,' you say, ' no laws apply to us. Laws are made for working people—to keep them in. their proper places. We are the dominant class and it will be time enough for us to talk about law and order when we get back to office.'" Yes, indeed! —" Daily News," Wed., April 29th. What the intelligent "poor "in their present perilous position are set to solve is the" calculation as to consequences." The boomerang effect of any aggressive expression of the will returns on them in the shape of consequences—a bill to pay. The antagonisms, the rage of frustrated schemes are roused in just those persons who are empowered to get their own back with interest. An accepted" value "which more than any other to-day stands in need of overhauling is that of a guaranteed security: more particularly that of security from physical violence. In the civilised world this supposed " good" has long outweighed every consideration which might have seemed to vie with it. It has become the sacredest of the sacred. It has had a long run—a fact which has the merit of leaving its effects too defined for doubt, and its present sublimation in modern democracies and modern industrial civilisations calls out for judgment to be passed on its worth. Three main charges can be brought against it. It destroys the stamina of the people, whose young men fritter away their strength in talk. They are as garrulous as old women, far more sentimental and far less shrewd. Their battles are fought—in talk. It encourages the peoples' most dangerous vices: they become self-deceptive: at once cocksure and timorous, swaggering yet having to seek a vicarious vindication; vain of their "freedom" which is yet merely "freedom "to obey and submit. It provides a system which offering a common protection for all alike defeats the ends of contests in which men might become apprised of their true level. They are all "equal "because "security "at once makes unnecessary and forbids the putting of their full powers to the proof. But more than these: the promised benefits which were the considerations which led to this apotheosis of Guaranteed Security turn out to be a complete hoax. Against whom do the" people" seek to" secure" themselves? Not against each other, but against the top dogs: which they do by doffing off responsibility for their own defence, and leaving themselves bare and weaponless with their defence left in the charge of—whom? Just these top dogs. The workings of the machinery inside the heads of these democratic peoples is extraordinary and funny. They are like men working in a pit filled with poisonous gases supplied with the necessary fresh air by men at the surface whose only concern is to keep them toiling down there for their benefit. At any moment they can switch off the supply, and the workings of the cage which would bring the toilers to the surface they are placing in their employers' hands also. And they imagine that making great to-do banding together in the depths of the pit will have an effect, not realising that they must approach more nearly to equal terms before their organising together can do much for them. To abandon a straining simile: the re-assumption of responsibility for self-defence, the self-provisioning of weapons of offence and defence which will compare with those of their present masters is the first concern of the propertyless who now depend upon "employment "by others as a means of livelihood. A correspondent, Mr. Henry Meulen, asks how far the advice given to starving strikers to seize food would go with persons in less desperate straits. No distance at all we should say, since for unarmed men to take to courses of violence is to court the possibility of desperate reprisals, and common sense justifies such action only on the understanding that it is an alternative to an otherwise still more desperate situation. Moreover, it stands some chance of success because of its suddenness, its obvious need, and from a wholesome fear which sees in it a lesser evil than a more ferocious which might come later. But it remains an affair of wild impulse, and impulse cannot be adopted as a policy in a dangerous situation. Our view is that all men and women should equip themselves with weapons of offence and defence as deadly as the deadliest of which they can hear tell: that only by this means can the people be in a position to make terms with those who can call in such to support them: that under such conditions the "property "question would cease to be the festering class problem which it now is, but would unravel itself on the lines of natural ability, human self-respect and kindliness. The present paralysed condition of an unarmed "protected "mob in the power of a handful of armed 11 protectors "supplied by the state, and called a condition of law and order, peace and security, is the real problem: not a "property "problem but a "power "problem. May 1st, 1914 THE EGOIST   165 A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man. By James Joyce. II. UNCLE CHARLES smoked such black twist that at last his nephew suggested to him to enjoy his morning smoke in a little outhouse at the end of the garden. — Very good, Simon. All serene, Simon, said the old man tranquilly. Anywhere you like. The out-house will do me nicely: it will be more salubrious. — Damn me, said Mr. Dedalus frankly, if I know how you can smoke such villainous awful tobacco. It's like gunpowder, by God. — It's very nice, Simon, replied the old man. Very cool and mollifying. Every morning, therefore, uncle Charles repaired to his outhouse but not before he had creased and brushed scrupulously his back hair and brushed and put on his tall hat. While he smoked the brim of his tall hat and the bowl of his pipe were just visible beyond the jambs of the outhouse door. His arbour, as he called the reeking outhouse which he shared with the cat and the garden tools, served him also as a sounding-box: and every morning he hummed contentedly one of his favourite songs: O, twine me a bower, or Blue eyes and golden hair, or The Groves of Blarney, while the grey and blue coils of smoke rose slowly from his pipe and vanished in the pure air. During the first part of the summer in Blackrock uncle Charles was Stephen's constant companion. Uncle Charles was a hale old man with a well-tanned skin, rugged features and white side whiskers. On week days he did messages between the house in Carysfort Avenue and those shops in the main street of the town with which the family dealt. Stephen was glad to go with him on these errands for uncle Charles helped him very liberally to handfuls of whatever was exposed in open boxes and barrels outside the counter. He would seize a handful of grapes and sawdust or three or four American apples and thrust them generously into his grandnephew's hand while the shopman smiled uneasily; and on Stephen's feigning reluctance to take them, he would frown and say: — Take them, Sir. Do you hear me, Sir? They're good for your bowels. When the order list had been booked the two would go on to the park where an old friend of Stephen's father, Mike Flynn, would be found seated on a bench, waiting for them. Then would begin Stephen's run round the park. Mike Flynn would stand at the gate near the railway station, watch in hand, while Stephen ran round the track in the style Mike Flynn favoured, his head high lifted, his knees well lifted and his hands held straight down by his sides. When the morning practice was over the trainer would make his comments and sometimes illustrate them by shuffling along for a yard or so comically in an old pair of blue canvas shoes. A small ring of wonderstruck children and nursemaids would gather to watch him and linger even when he and uncle Charles had sat down again and were talking athletics and politics. Though he had heard his father say that Mike Flynn had put some of the best runners of modern times through his hands Stephen often glanced at his trainer's flabby, stubble-covered face, as it bent over the long stained fingers through which he rolled his cigarette, and with pity at the mild lustreless blue eyes which would look up suddenly from the task and gaze vaguely into the blue distance while the long swollen fingers ceased their rolling and grains and fibres of tobacco fell back into the pouch. On the way home uncle Charles would often pay a visit to the chapel and, as the font was above Stephen's reach, the old man would dip his hand and then sprinkle the water briskly about Stephen's clothes and on the floor of the porch. While he prayed he knelt on his red handkerchief and read above his breath from a thumb-blackened prayer-book wherein catchwords were printed at the foot of every page. Stephen knelt at his side respecting, though he did not share his piety. He often wondered what his granduncle prayed for so seriously. Perhaps he prayed for the souls in purgatory or for the grace of a happy death: or perhaps he prayed that God might send him back a part of the big fortune he had squandered in Cork. On Sundays Stephen with his father and his grand-uncle took their constitutional. The old man was a nimble walker in spite of his corns and often ten or twelve miles of the road were covered. The little village of Stillorgan was the parting of the ways. Either they went to the left towards the Dublin mountains or along the Goatstown road and thence into Dundrum, coming home by Sandyford. Trudging along the road or standing in some grimy wayside public house his elders spoke constantly of the subjects nearer their hearts, of Irish politics, of Munster and of the legends of their own family, to all of which Stephen lent an avid ear. Words which he did not understand he said over and over to himself till he had learnt them by heart: and through them he had glimpses of the real world about him. The hour when he too would take part in the life of that world seemed drawing near and in secret he began to make ready for the great part which he felt awaited him the nature of which he only dimly apprehended. His evenings were his own; and he pored over a ragged translation of The Count of Monte Cristo. The figure of that dark avenger stood forth in his mind for whatever he had heard or divined in childhood of the strange and terrible. At night he built up on the parlour table an image of the wonderful island cave out of transfers and paper flowers and coloured tissue paper and strips of the silver and golden paper in which chocolate is wrapped. When he had broken up this scenery, weary of its tinsel, there would come to his mind the bright picture of Marseilles, of sunny trellises and of Mercedes. Outside Blackrock, on the road that led to the mountains, stood a small whitewashed house in the garden of which grew many rose-bushes: and in this house, he told himself, another Mercedes lived. Both on the outward and on the homeward journey he measured distance by this landmark: and in his imagination he lived through a long train of adventures, marvellous as those in the book itself, towards the close of which there appeared an image of himself, grown older and sadder, standing in a moonlit garden with Mercedes, who had so many years before slighted his love, and with a sadly proud gesture of refusal, saying: — Madam, I never eat muscatel grapes. He became the ally of a boy named Aubrey Mills and founded with him a gang of adventurers in the avenue. Aubrey carried a whistle dangling from his buttonhole and a bicycle lamp attached to his belt while the others had short sticks thrust daggerwise through theirs. Stephen, who had read of Napoleon's plain style of dress, chose to remain unadorned and thereby heightened for himself the pleasure of taking counsel with his lieutenant before giving orders. The gang made forays into the gardens of old maids or went down to the castle and fought a battle on the sh aggy weed-grown rocks, coming home after it weary stragglers with the stale odours of the foreshore in their nostrils and the rank oils of the seawrack upon their hands and in their hair. 166 THE EGOIST May 1st, 1914 Aubrey and Stephen had a common milkman and often they drove out in the milkcar to Carrickmines where the cows were at grass. While the men were milking the boys would take turns in riding the tractable horse round the field. But when autumn came the cows were driven home from the grass: and the first sight of the filthy cowyard at Stradbrook with its foul green puddles and clots of liquid dung and steaming bran troughs sickened Stephen's heart. The cattle which had seemed so beautiful in the country on sunny days revolted him and he could not even look at the milk they yielded. The coming of September did not trouble him this year for he was not to be sent back to Clongowes. The practice in the park came to an end when Mike Flynn went into hospital. Aubrey was at school and had only an hour or two free in the evening. The gang fell asunder and there were no more nightly forays or battles on the rocks. Stephen sometimes went round with the car which delivered the evening milk: and these chilly drives blew away his memory of the filth of the cowyard and he felt no repugnance at seeing the cow hairs and hayseeds on the milkman's coat. W'henever the car drew up before a house he waited to catch a glimpse of a well-scrubbed kitchen or of a softly-lighted hall and to see how the servant would hold the jug and how she would close the door. He thought it should be a pleasant life enough, driving along the roads every evening to deliver milk, if he had warm gloves and a fat bag of gingernuts in his pocket to eat from. But the same foreknowledge which had sickened his heart and made his legs sag suddenly as he raced round the park, the same intuition which had made him glance with mistrust at his trainer's flabby stubble-covered face as it bent heavily over his long stained fingers, dissipated any vision of the future. In a vague way he understood that his father was in trouble and that this was the reason why he himself had not been sent back to Clongowes. For some time he had felt the slight change in his house; and those changes in what he had deemed unchangeable, were so many slight shocks to his boyish conception of the world. The ambition which he felt astir at times in the darkness of his soul, sought no outlet. A dusk like that of the outer world, obscured his mind as he heard the mare's hoofs clattering along the tramtrack on the Rock Road and the great car swaying and rattling behind him. He returned to Mercedes and, as he brooded upon her image, a strange unrest crept into his blood. Sometimes a fever gathered within him and led him to rove alone in the evening along the quiet avenue. The peace of the gardens and the kindly lights in the windows poured a tender influence into his restless heart. The noise of children at play annoyed and their silly voices made him feel, even more keenly than he had felt at Clongowes, that he was different from others. He did not want to play. He wanted to meet in the real world the unsubstantial image which his soul so constantly beheld. He did not know where to seek it or how but a premonition which led him on told him that this image would, without any overt act of his, encounter him. They would meet quietly as if they had known each other and had made their tryst, perhaps at one of the gates or in some more secret place. They would be alone, surrounded by darkness and silence: and in that moment of supreme tenderness he would be transfigured. He would fade into something impalpable under her eyes and then in a moment, he would be transfigured. Weakness and timidity and inexperience would fall from him in that magic moment. Two great yellow caravans had halted one morning before the door and men had come tramping into the house to dismantle it. The furniture had been hustled out through the front garden which was strewn with wisps of straw and rope ends, and into the huge vans at the gate. When all had been safely stowed the vans had set off noisily down the avenue: and from the window of the railway carriage, in which he had sat with his red-eyed mother, Stephen had seen them lumbering along the Merrion Road. The parlour fire would not draw that evening and Mr. Dedalus rested the poker against the bars of the grate to attract the flame. Uncle Charles dozed in a corner of the half furnished uncarpeted room arc near him the family portraits leaned against the wad. The lamp on the table shed a weak light over the boarded floor, muddied by the feet of the van men. Stephen sat on a footstool beside his father listening to a long and incoherent monologue. He understood little or nothing of it at first but he became slowly aware that his father had enemies and that some fight was going to take place. He felt, too, that he was being enlisted for the fight, that some duty was being laid upon his shoulders. The sudden flight from the comfort and revery of Blackrock, the passage through the gloomy foggy city, the thought of the bare cheerless house in which they were now to live made his heart heavy: and again an intuition, a foreknowledge of the future came to him. He understood also why the servants had often whispered together in the hall and why his father had often stood on the hearthrug, with his back to the fire, talking loudly to uncle Charles, who urged him to sit down and eat his dinner. —There's a crack of the whip left in me yet, Stephen, old chap, said Mr. Dedalus, poking at the dull fire with fierce energy. We're not dead yet, sonny. No, by the Lord Jesus (God forgive me) nor half dead. Dublin was a new and complex sensation. Uncle Charles had grown so witless that he could no longer be sent out on errands and the disorder in settling in the new house left Stephen freer than he had been in Blackrock. In the beginning he contented himself with circling timidly round the neighbouring square or, at most, going half way down one of the side streets: but when he had made a skeleton map of the city in his mind he followed boldly one of its central lines until he reached the Custom House. He passed unchallenged among the docks and along the quays wondering at the multitude of corks that lay bobbing on the surface of the water in a thick yellow scum, at the crowds of quay porters and the rumbling carts and the ill-dressed bearded policeman. The vastness and strangeness of the life suggested to him by the bales of merchandise stocked along the walls or swung aloft out of the holds of steamers wakened again in him the unrest which had sent him wandering in the evening from garden to garden in search of Mercedes. And amid this new bustling life he might have fancied himself in another Marseilles but that he missed the bright sky and the sun-warmed trellisses of the wineshops. A vague dissatisfaction grew up within him as he looked on the quays and on the river and on the lowering skies and yet he continued to wander up and down day after day as if he really sought someone that eluded him. He went once or twice with his mother to visit their relatives: and though they passed a jovial array of shops lit up and adorned for Christmas his mood of embittered silence did not leave him. The causes of his embitterment were many, remote and near. He was angry with himself for being young and the prey of restless foolish impulses, angry also with the change of fortune which was reshaping the world about him into a vision of squalor and insincerity. Yet his anger lent nothing to the vision. He chronicled with patience what he saw, detaching himself from it and tasting its mortifying flavour in secret. (To be continued.) May 1st, 1914 THE EGOIST Liberations: Studies of Individuality in Contemporary Music. III.—Bela Bartok and the Analysis of Racial Psychology. THE influence of racial idiom on musical composition is one of the most significant features of modern art development, reflecting as it does the general tendency to revolt against the ideas of divine inspiration and supernatural artistic creation which have dominated so many.artists of the past. Racial idiom, being the expression evolved by a particular portion of humanity existing in a defined environment and developing characteristics in accordance with the conditions and experience, of that environment, is naturally material and human in essence and affords opportunities for concentrated investigation, exact imagery, and individual interpretation which were impossible under the influence of the older conceptions. The gradual progress of racial expression in music from the primitive folk-song to the subtle and highly refined work of the modern national composers is therefore of extreme interest since by a study of it we are enabled to arrive at a just estimation of the purely material elements underlying the development of national thought and the moods emanating therefrom. It is because of this fact that the work of the Hungarian composer, Bela Bartok, is particularly valuable. Folk-music and folk-art of every kind attains its most forceful and permanent expression among races which by reason of geographical position or the effect of political conditions are untouched by or antagonistic to cosmopolitan uniformity. The spirit generated by such a state of affairs while mainly retrogressive or obstructionary in its effect, creates a certain individuality for these particular races among other nationalities, and when utilised rationally and with a sane sense of proportion as a basis for the creative work of an individual mind often results in an intensifying medium for personal expression. This is particularly evident in the literary work of Turgenev, Dostoievsky, Gorky and other writers of the Russian school. But while providing unique material for artistic creation racial characteristics, by reason of the insular tendencies from which they are formed, generally result in a distortion of mental perspective. In short, the race becomes stagnant within the limits of patriotism and national traditions. As a result of this the outlook of the race becomes totally lacking in a true sense of values and its energies are directed towards the preservation and perpetuation of accepted traditions without consideration of the development and expansion which the evolution of humanity as a whole makes necessary. From this lack of proportion and isolation from contemporary influences arises the sentimental attitude which is evident in so much of the work of the contemporary Celtic school and in the folk themes and modes employed by certain British composers. Such work, by reason of the limited scope of primitive expression and the retrospective spirit underlying all revivals, is of little value to the intellectual development of art. To prevent this degeneration it is necessary for the artist not only to realise the inherent qualities of his race but also to contrast them proportionately with those of other races, seeking not only to infuse his racial idiom as a liberating influence into art as a whole but also to revivify it by the force of his own personality and by the introduction of innovations which increase its capacity for expression while in no way interfering with its intrinsic force. To affect this the necessity for comparative vision is apparent, coupled with the faculty for analysis demanded by the peculiar psychology which each race generates. National or racial music, in common with purely personal and invididual composition, has been gradual in its development. Commencing with the use of folk rhythms, themes and modes, it remained for a period, purely decorative work closely allied to the '' absolute '' school of music; the rhythm being introduced as a novelty into the accepted musical forms and the themes and modes being utilised mainly by alien composers as a basis for musical variations and melodic innovations. Examples of this type exist in large numbers, among the most notable being the Rondo all' Ongarese in the G minor trio No. 1 of Haydn, the Alia Turca in the A major pianoforte sonata by Mozart, the Divertissement a la Hongroise Op. 54, the Fantasia Op. 15, the A minor string-quartette and the C major Symphony by Schubert, and in later times the Rhapsodies Hongroises of Liszt, the Hungarian Dances, Sextets for Strings, G minor Pianoforte quartette, and Pianoforte variations of Brahms, La Jota Aragonese by Glinka, the Symphonie Espagnola by Lalo, the Caprice Andalou by Saint-Saens, the Slavonic Dances, Dumka Elegy and Bohemian Dances [Furianti] by Dvorak, and the Spanish Capriccio by Rimsky Korsakov, and a host of kindred compositions. But it will be apparent that while enriching the material and widening the scope of musical artifice this method of appropriation tended to result in the establishment of a fresh type of formalism, by the subordination of racial characteristics to the accepted conventions and requirements of a technique which was based in many cases on a totally alien and antagonistic outlook. As a result of this incongruous treatment vital qualities of racial idiom suffered severely, purely external features being seized upon and exploited to the detriment of the development of their internal qualities. The necessity for a new manner of treatment became evident and was supplied by the adoption of the written programme. Following on the Romantic movement of 1830 came the Symphonic innovations of Liszt, which, by the introduction of literary incidents, legendary and historical, gave a fresh impetus to racial feeling in music and resulted in the production of many important compositions. The symphonic poems Mazeppa by Liszt, Wallenstein's Camp by Smetana, The Wind's Bride by Zlenko Fibich, Sadko by Rimsky Korsakov, Stenka Razine by Glazounov, and Holoubek [The Wood-dove] by Dvorak, together with a number of similar works belong to the phase, being based purely on mythical, legendary or historical themes. The increased artistic perception brought about by this infusion of literary ideas became rapidly apparent in all branches of music and resulted in a new type of art creation which, while adhering to the depiction of dramatic incidents, had in addition an undercurrent of symbolic or philosophic meaning. Thus in the Symphonic Poem No. 11 [The Battle of the Huns] by Liszt, is typified the conflict between heathendom and Christianity intensified by national symbols, while in the cycle of six symphonic poems by Smetana collectively entitled Ma Vlast [My Fatherland] the glories of Bohemia are symbolised by the invocation of national images, the River Moldau and the citadels and mountains of that country. Similar instances may be found in many other national works. This capacity for dual expression becoming generally recognised, the racial idiom in music underwent rapid development. The materialism of the early sixties, crude though it was in expression, proved valuable by reason of the rational standard of values which it innovated. Fettered by the superstition and sentimentalism of the past, and the postures of the Romantic cult, art was in danger of stagnation and segregation from life. The appearance of the scientific spirit resulted in a scrutiny of the actual as expressed in the ordinary life of humanity and a rejection of all illusive conceptions which distort the truth in order to conform to an ideal. This spirit, first musically evident in compositions such as Goldmark's Rustic Wedding Symphony, The Invalid and similar 168  THE EGOIST May 1st, 1914 songs by the Swedish composer Adolf Lindblad, and certain works by Glinka, was further developed by Svendsen and Nordraak and particularly by Grieg in works such as The Norwegian Dances for Orchestra Op. 35 the song" cycle Aus Fjeld und Fjord, the Pictures from Folklife Op. 19 and certain numbers in the eight books of Lyric Pieces for pianoforte. But its most mature expression was attained in the works of the Russian composers Darjomijsky and Moussorgsky. Darjomijsky by laying stress on realism and by developing melodic recitative, sought to reform the absurdities of conventional operatic forms and create in them a capacity for natural emotion, thereby opening up a field for the wider and more convincing expression of racial characteristics. The essentials of these principles he embodied in his opera The Stone Guest. Moussorgsky commencing to write according to this theoretical programme developed therefrom in a remarkable manner and brought into consciousness new musical elements. His earlier works, the music to OEdipus, an orchestral fantasia Night on the Bare Mountain [based on a scene from the third act of Salammbo, an abandoned opera], the first act of an inocmplete "opera dialogue "based on Gogal's comedy The Match-maker, an Intermezzo, Scherzo and Turkish March for orchestra, and The Destruction of Sennacherib for chorus and orchestra, do not present any features strikingly in advance of his contemporaries, though a tendency to extend the conceptions of Darjomijsky is evident in the fragment of the "opera dialogue." But in a number of songs composed between 1865 and 1870 Moussorgsky turned his attention to the purely human aspects of his race and opened the way for an entirely new epoch in music. The motive underlying this departure is excellently expressed by Moussorgsky himself in a letter to Vladimir Stassov wherein he says, To seek assiduously the most delicate and subtle features of human nature and the human crowd; to follow them into unknown regions; to make them our own; this seems to me the true vocation of the artist." The songs themselves [Night, The Peasant Cradle Song, The Idiot's Song or Savishna 1865, Gopak, The \\ish, and The Seminarist 1866, Mushrooming, The Little Feast, The Swaggerer, The Classicist 1867, The Orphan, The Nurse and Child and the Cycle of Seven Songs entitled the Nursery 1868-1870] are vivid presentations of Russian types and incidents rendered with a marvellous fidelity to nature and the sardonic humour and subtle atmospheric treatment that are without parallel in the works of any preceding composer. This concentration on the significant incidents and types of national life reached full maturity in the music dramas Boris Godounov 1870 and Khovanstchina 1872 to 1880, where, although the themes are historical, the most dramatic situations arise from and are controlled by the emotional and psychological episodes through which the characters pass. The song cycles Without Sunlight, 1874-5, and Dances of Death, together with certain numbers of the ten songs published posthumously, display the same characteristics presented in a more personal and poignant manner. It will, however, be apparent that the uncompromising realism and fidelity to detached types which Moussorgsky imposed upon himself, though conducive to exactness, were also something in the nature of limitations. The vivid delineation necessary to give full force to his observations of humanity, resulted in what can only be described as realistic impressionism; subtly and naturally drawn pictures of the daily life of his race revealing an acute perception of all the thoughts and acts which men betray in ordinary intercourse, but which, being realisations and not interpretations, fail to give the full significance of racial life or a complete analysis of the moods which emanate from its development and thought. Sibelius, in the tone poems Finlandia, Ein Saga, and particularly the Varsang, as well as certain of the symphonies, has by atmospheric treatment and by the personal application of racial idiom and the renunciation of musical depiction, given a wider significance to national thought; but it has remained for Bela Bartok to reveal and analyse minutely and comprehensively the complex under-current of racial psychology. Unlike the majority of musical innovators, Bartok gives no indication of ever having been restricted within the accepted bounds of theoretical limitations. Basing his musical structure on Magyar rhythms and scales, of which latter the most characteristic is that containing two superfluous seconds [i.e., the harmonic minor with a sharp fourth] he has apparently assimilated the most advanced musical conceptions and developed them individually before issuing any original compositions. Thus his published work is, from the earliest numbers, distinguished by a novelty and originality which, apart from all natural characteristics, serve to give it a unique place among contemporary compositions. Subtly and delicately conceived, his music is remarkable, not only for the technical originality which it displays but also for the sensitive thought which is persistently evident beneath it. In contradistinction to the national writers preceding him, who sought either to portray racial characteristics or to present personal conceptions through the medium of racial idiom, Bartok has directed his energies to the development and investigation of his own personality, realising that this is the only means by which he can arrive at a just estimation of the elements of racial thought. Hence it follows that his music is more mental and introspective than that of any other national composer. External imagery and realistic depiction seldom enter into his work and in the rare cases where they are present are never the dominant features, being so pregnant with subjective thought that they become transformed by and subordinate to the ideas which have evolved from them. Thus in the fifth number of the Ten Light Piano Pieces, Evening in the Country, we have not merely a pastoral picture or an atmospheric study, but the synthesis of a number of emotions emanating from generations of racial existence in a particular environment. The seventh number, Aurora, also possesses a peculiar significance, being in its internal dimensions not merely the musical depiction of dawn but a symbol of that national awakening which connects the Magyar Race with the new consciousness which is universally evident. The tenth number, Bear Dance, is a striking study in primitive mirth, being not only a delineation of an external scene, but also an exposition of the crude and strenuous traits of barbarism which find relaxation in diversions which seem childish to more sophisticated minds. The Hungarian Songs and Dances which form the second, third, sixth and eighth numbers, by the intensity of personal emotion concentrated in their harmonic treatment, attain proportions which greatly exceed their original folk-form, and become subtly-wrought studies of the forces behind primitive emotion. The same applies also to the four books of Magyar Folksongs and Pieces for Children, in which the treatment is distinguished by a structural simplicity which gives to each number an intimate and indescribable appeal. Bartok here embodies in music not only the very spirit of childhood interpreted with absolute sympathy and sincerity, but also all the subtle influences which connect mature thought with early and remote conceptions, and the Magyar idiom, being originally the product of simple and naive minds, adds a convincing quality to his work. In the fourteen Bagatelles for the piano Op. 6, we have a wide range of purely racial moods treated from personal investigation with such sure analysis that their general import becomes immediately apparent. The first number, Molto Sostenuto, gives us a glimpse of the dormant and almost sinister forces May 1st, 1914 THE EGOIST 169 behind the external aspects of Hungarian folk life, concentrated into an extreme simplicity of utterance which is intensely and essentially dramatic. The same applies to the third number, Andante, with its solemn theme outlined against a restless chromatic accompaniment, the fourth number, Grave, which is based on an old Magyar folk-song, and the sixth number, Lento. Exuberant vitality and emotion presented in their potential aspects are the outstanding characteristics of the fifth, seventh, tenth and eleventh numbers [Vivo, Allegretto molto capriccioso, Allegro, and Allegretto molto rubato], while an even more ecstatic and dionysian spirit pervades the second, ninth and twelfth numbers [Allegro giocoso, Allegretto grazioso and Rubato]. The eighth number [Andante sostenuto] while national in general feeling is more personal and introspective than the other numbers. The integral qualities of the Hungarian idiom give an almost unbearable poignancy to the subtle intimacy of the thirteenth number [Lento Funebre—" Elle est morte" ], while the fourteenth number [Valse presto—" Ma mie qui danse" ] is masterly in its suggestion of superimposed lightness on a passionate undercurrent of thought. But it is in the Two Elegies, Op. 8, and the Funeral March that Bartok reaches the height of his dramatic expression in pianoforte composition. The tragic emotional intensity of these works places them above the limitations of their technical structure and gives them a significance which is truly epic in essence. Here again the advantage of Bart6k's racial medium is evident. The Funeral March is scarcely so much a lamentation as a passionate protest against death, and an apotheosis of that heroic spirit which transcends death by the perpetuation of achievement in the memory of mankind. These elements, interpreted through the musical idiom of a race which revolts against all attempts to submerge it, reveal a deeper meaning when viewed in relation to the universal protest against oblivion. The Two Portraits, Op. 5, for orchestra and the Sketches, Op. 9, for pianoforte are more personal in feeling and give intimate studies in the relative effects of individual introspection and racial psychology, and although Nos. 5 and 6 are definitely based on national themes, there is no trace of the subjection of artistic purpose to the limitations of Folk-modes. The Magyar idiom, always apparent in the work of Bart6k, is never treated as an end in itself, but always as a subject for investigation and analysis. As Schonberg by the projection of concentrated introspection enables us to appreciate individual psychology, so Bartok, by persistent examination of the racial characteristics present in his own personality, enables us to estimate the forces controlling national feeling which, impossible to connect and correlate when viewed as a turbulent, emotional whole, admit of full analysis and interpretation by comparison with individual thought and experience. Above all things his work has no taint of the insularity which has marred so much national music. Whereas racial feeling in the past has been an insuperable obstacle to the appreciation of extraneous development, the purpose of Bela Bartok seems to be centred not on the separation, but on the correlation of Hungarian thought with that of the bulk of contemporary humanity, with the object of providing a wider field for the development of the qualities inherent in his race. As the logical conclusion of this view he has directed his energies to the analysis of racial psychology, realising that by this method nations and races become thoroughly known quantities and may in consequence be considered in their relation to humanity as a whole, even as, by the examination of introspective psychology, the individual is enabled to realise not only his relation to other individuals, but also the relations of those individuals to himself, and thus is ultimately capable of analysing the psychology of society as a whole. Leigh Henry. Passing Paris. THE disorganisation in the city's life caused by the presence of royalty suggested a visit to the earlier and smaller of the two spring Salons. After having made as conscientious a round of the usual array of pictures as a more or less victorious struggle with my ennui permitted, pictures painted mostly with soap, beeswax, cosmetics and syrup, illustrative of the usual scenes in Brittany, Venice, Spain, of cats, milkmaids, toreadors, kings and princes (there is no safer introduction to these holy sanctuaries than an enlargement d'apres photographie of any royalty, save only, in France, the Emperor William, as a recent incident has shown), ladies in evening-dress though painted in broad daylight, the President of the Republic, the Comtesse Mathieu de Noailles and similar feats by Messrs. Jacques Blanche-Boldini, La Gandara, Laszlo-Lavery and Co., Lucien Simon, Menard-Cottet and Co., and other rival or branch firms—after having made the round of these I had occasion to observe to myself that the most beautiful things in the world cannot, apparently, be painted. For instance, soldiers and horses. No one, since the Assyrians, the Egyptians, Chinese and Japanese has rendered them satisfactorily yet, whether it be in picture or in sculpture. No doubt the Futurists have claimed to, but, since I do not find in their works the shadow of anything I have experienced or can imagine, they do not help me. These thoughts occurred to me as I unwontedly found my progress through the streets by the military marching back to barracks after having done honour to the King and Queen, of England and all their modest persons represent in their ideal and official character. A most touching thing is the army of France. And there is no sight more moving than that of the man in the street saluting the flag. (I saw a gentleman take the elastic-bound hat off the head of his little son aged about three.) The French officer, in particular, is sympathetic. He is so much more intelligent, individual and human than his stiffer, automatic, cut all-of-a-piece British or German prototype. His little vivacious face speaks not only of duty but of resourcefulness and capacity for taking initiative. And he is, besides his men's commander, their comrade. The British soldiery moves you to aesthetic admiration, it is picturesque and pathetic as are toys. The more democratic and less showy French soldiery in certain instances only is fine to look at, but it stirs the heart, especially such an one as has learnt to mingle its emotions with those of the nation. Events like this royal visit, absurd as they seem, considered from a certain angle, have their utility for the reason that the spectacular ceremonies they involve give rise to a fusion of similarly and simultaneously directed sentiments and enthusiasm. The sight of its massed regiments, of a few persons in beautiful and symbolical uniform, the idea that so and so is a King, that a more or less hidden power in its very midst is omnipotent enough to impose these rites, rouse a people to its own significance and whip up its prestige. These collective manifestations awaken the individual to himself. Patriotism is an expression of self-affirmation. Internationalism, in its general negativeness, also annihilates the individual. Yet, as though to pass through hedges of soldiery bearing arms were not a sufficiently remarkable experience for any man, the usual cheap and tawdry "decorations," so-called, in paper, card-board, and match-wood, eloquent of the sham in these demonstrations, had to be brought out in honour of the two representatives of Britain's success in the world. 170    THE EGOIST    May 1st, 1914 This rubbish would seem to indicate that alone the more puerile aspects of these events strikes the public mind and, consequently, it can only celebrate them in a puerile way. This impression of the puerility constantly penetrating through modern life is confirmed in a visit to a picture gallery revealing, as it does, the utter commonplaceness of the minds of those who are supposed to be the flower of humanity—artists! They would seem, those who form what is called the 44 Salon," for instance (the name is appropriate!) to fear to strain their souls, but the truth is, the majority have no souls to strain, and others sold the little of soul they may once have possessed long ago. How have these tiny folk dared to assume professions exacting the maximum of spiritual and intellectual effort? But there is nothing so audacious as the pigmy. If this is what you expect from artists do not go to an Academy or a Salon. There is hardly anyone here has eyes for reality, far less for ideality, and it is most depressing to reflect that persons of such poverty and vulgarity should be covered with honours, fame, money on the assumption that art is the noblest of man's attainments. Any cobbler is worth ten of these. In the assemblage of mediocrity called the Societe Nationale des Beaux Arts one is thankful to meet with two such as Olga Boznanska and Aman-Jean whose work contains distinction of feeling, a something not partaking of mere technical fireworks or trivial illustration, works which are comments and showing some of the exquisite resources of the craft of oil painting. We used to consider M. Maurice Denis as one of the few in this society gifted with an artistic temperament but he has been gradually submerged also and, while preserving some of his knack for fresco effects, has given way to careless drawing and that gesticulation in his figures which is entirely opposed to the decorative. Interpretation which is the result of reasoning seems to be easier to find among the sculptors. Bourdelle, Jane Poupelet, Halon, Markowitch, Wittig and J. Broniewska respond, in more or less degree, according to their respective competence, to this aspiration. In the most deplorable of all sections, that where busybodies twist and torture nature's elements into purposes for which God never designed them, I found one really guiltless of cruelties, Mile. O'Kin, who treats her material (chiefly ivory) like a friend and not as do others theirs, like a foe. Better things in this line are to be seen at a fragmentary little exhibition of specimens from the British school of arts and crafts being held at the Musee des Arts Decoratifs. It is a wonder it is so good for English manifestations abroad are usually ridiculous failures. The textiles by William Morris, the cabinet painter by Burne-Jones, the exquisite gouaches by that perfect artist the late Charles Conder; examples from the adorable Kate Greenaway, the prestidigipus Caldecott, the noble Walter Crane; designs by James Guthrie, Katherine Adams and Douglas Cockerell; several originals by Beardsley, fine lithographs by Pryde; illustrations etc. by Sydney Lee, Morley Fletcher, Bellingham, Margaret Macdonald Mackintosh, and Jessie M. King, some excellent furniture and glass-ware, these and other contributions will not fail to enchant the French and inform them as to the evolution across the Channel in the particular arts which are undergoing an energetic renaissance over here. Whether this modern renewed curiosity in things English will go so far as to make a success of the "Little English Theatre "Mr. Philip Carr is endeavouring to launch in Paris, I cannot say. But he will have to see to it that the performances he gives are well acted for the French will not put up with poor interpreters. They prefer poor plays well acted, to the contrary, and in truth they are right for it is acting you go to the theatre for. "The plays I read are always well acted," Jean Dolent used to say and so stayed at home. But Mr. Carr is careful in the choice of his plays, taking them from old as well as modern masters, such as Synge whose "Play-boy in the Western World'1 has, by the way, been most admirably translated into b rench by a certain M. Bourgeois. He has given an equivalent to the English spoken in Synge's work in French peasant-talk and the result is most convincing. The translation is dedicated to one who, in "The English Review," said the 44 PlayBoy "could not be properly translated. The more credit to M. Bourgeois if this were the case. At this time of Anglo-French effusions it is amusing to read the list of stars who will figure in the 44 Anglo-American season "of opera at the Theatre des Champs Elysees. They are: Melba, Mary Garden, Edvina, Maggie Teyte, but whoever triumphs here is sure to be classed of American nationality as the French will not admit that a note of music can come out of a British voice. One of the most brilliant things I have ever read is a biographical essay, in "Portraits de Sentiment "by M. Edmond Pilon (Mercure de France), of Daniel Defoe whose 44 Lady Roxana" and "Moll Flanders "(translated by M. Marcel Schwob and how he is to be admired for his patience!) are about to be published by George Cres et Cie. Of the many Frenchmen familiar with England and England's literature, from Voltaire, Taine and Baudelaire—who discovered Edgar Allan Poe—down to a host of contemporary names, no one has written with more feeling and understanding than M. Pilon. If I had space I should be tempted to quote whole pages from his admirable piece of work. M. Pilon belongs to a category of Frenchmen— they seem to form a little race apart—whose natural sympathy with things English illuminates and guides an objective view impossible to a man of the country whose view is subjective, necessarily. And an Englishman can "learn" —if I may be allowed to express myself in this wise—his own country from such a foreignei. I may say that I know personally of an instance where a Frenchman revealed England to one of English race and heart but who, for this very reason, had not had occasion to stand back from it as is necessary to obtain a view. In his essay of Daniel Defoe, M. Pilon identifies himself with his hero's personality, life, time, works, sufferings and enthusiasms, as also with those of the country at that period, to an extent so lyrical, so moving that it reads more like the passionate cry of a confession than a history. Saint Fiacre. The Revolt of the Angels. A NEW novel by M. Anatole France. That announcement is sufficient to secure a sale of some sixty-eight editions in a few weeks. And that in spite of the reviewers, who, with their characteristic hatred of good writing, have spent much ink and little intelligence in deprecating 44 La Revoke des Anges." I have not read many press-notices of the book but in the few I have seen it was said to be "Sensual," 44 indecent,"" trivial," "without characterisation," 44 the worst of M. France's books." One gentleman regretted the "lack of taste "which presents the fallen angels "smoking cigarettes "and "wearing soiled garments" —the author apparently believing that even a fallen angel is too lofty a creature to take tobacco or to need a laundry. One might continue these quotations indefinitely. They are only interesting because they prove that although the "public "has rushed to buy the May 1st, 1914 THE EGOIST 171 book, the reviewers vaguely feel that "all is not well." Each man developing the peculiar stupidity of his character has handed forth some new "objection," i.e. banality. "Alarum! for we are betrayed," seems to be the cry of the reviewers. And perhaps they are not wrong. The fact is that La Revoke des Anges is the most irreligious book of modern times. It is charming. . . And so wicked—just as the church, headed by St. Jeanne d'Arc and M. Maurice Barres, was reconquering the world. What is to be done? M. France is obviously the greatest novelist in Europe, and his words are not disregarded. Burn the book? Useless—besides, how man}' women would then read it who otherwise would keep their faith pure! Ban it? Ignore it? Useless. A good book cannot be hid and a keen idea has untiring wings. Before the Church spiritual an.l temporal once more lays hold upon us and the neo-Neo-Catholics and the neo-Neo-Platonists hale us to the high altar of heavenly contemplation they will have to crush this last flower of eighteenth-century wit and good-sense," this last ironic sparkle from the spirit of the great Voltaire. There is not much plot in the story, as plot is understood by the" yarn-spinning "school. Arcade, the guardian-angel of Maurice d'Esparvieu, loses faith in God through reading controversial literature in the large library of the Esparvieu family. The angel materialises himself so as to live the life of men, to gather together the fallen angels, who still "rain daily upon Paris," and to seat Satan on the throne of God. Various minor characters—Pere Guinardon, Gilberte, M. Sariette, various angels, Nectaire, who is Pan—and amusing incidents fill up the narrative. Eventually the angels come to Satan, who is Dionysios, and he dreams in a terrible dream that " Satan became God, God Satan." Finis a la Voltaire— Satan says, "Nectaire, we fought together before the birth of the world. We were conquered because we did not understand that victory is in the spirit and that in us and in us alone can Ialdabaoth be attacked and destroyed." That is all. But it is so beautifully constructed that the interest is always refreshed by some new incident and the mind delighted by some fresh devilry in the way of odd situations. It is interesting to the student of form to notice how M. France introduces his scenes of profane love—these, by the way, the sources of the cries of "indecency," though to a man who lacks the moral elevation of a journalist they will seem somewhat humiliating presentations of human frailty, wherein we see the proud spirit of men and angels prostrate before woman and the soul that soared so high gladly descending so low. It is all a matter of view-point. Still, the chapters "de l'amour "will probably be read more attentively and more often than the others—they will be read in so many places from the bedroom to the study that I hesitate to enumerate them. And this provokes the reflection that however skilfully we mingle the wisdom of philosophy with the carnal attractiveness of Aristophanes, it inevitably happens that the base world neglects the divine wisdom of the former to divert itself with the pleasing sensualities of the latter. For this digression I ask pardon. Return to the construction of the book. It opens with a chapter on the Esparvieu family. I can fancy myself writing quite a little treatise on that chapter, expounding the principles of the perfect prose-artist, and admiring the skill which drew for us the Esparvieu dwelling, the Esparvieu library, the Esparvieu family, past and present—all in less than nine pages! After this there are three chapters on the library, serving to introduce certain characters, to give scope for those descriptions of books and old authors so dear to M. France, and to open the story with the mystery of the books used by an invisible personage. Chapter 5—in Saint-Sulpice under Delacroix' painting of the angels. There is an argument on painting— an opportunity for M. France to discuss the fine arts with the same fine connoisseurship which he displayed in Les Dieux ont Soif. It seems an error, though, to make Maurice a devotee of Matisse and Metzinger. Chapters 6 and 7, the library. The reader begins to tire of this interminable library. Chapter 8-14 Wherein love is treated, which will please, because a story without love is like a pig's pudding without mustard—it is insipid." And Chapter nine shows that 44 as an old Greek poet says, ' Nothing is more sweet than Aphrodite the golden.'" And so on. Five more chapters and then one on the great and only subject of interest to both sexes. Eight chapters and more amour, etc. There is no outstanding character in the book—no Jerome Coignard, no Monsieur Bergeret, no Godet-Laterrasse. All the characters debate and hail with enthusiasm or ill-disguised admiration the ideas of M. France, wherein they resemble the characters of Mr. Bernard Shaw, who only disagree with him at their peril. Arcade alone has secured an unfair advantage over the others in the following way. When he revolts from God he appears to Maurice and Gilberte, his mistress. After he has explained his intellectual scepticism they ask his name, and he replies "Abdiel to saints and angels, Arcade to men." Abdiel! "Among the faithless faithful only he "! M. France has avenged for us the vulgar piety of Milton. As in all his books the style here is beautiful. Of course, in reading a foreign book one can never be quite certain that one's comparative unfamiliarity with the language may not lead to an over-estimation of stylistic beauties which would be merely normally expected by the native reader. And one has a corresponding disgust with one's own language. Thus to the later Greeks the finest passages of Homer and the Attic dramatists were hackneyed, just as Shakespeare and the Victorians are to us. Hence, in those days, sprang the cult of oriental literature in Alexandria and the cult of curious, over-refined, fantastic forms of writing; and hence, to-day, the striving for novelty at any cost and the pleasure we take in books written in a foreign language. Poetry in Greek sounds to us a hundred times finer and more delicate than poetry in our own language where every word is worn thin as a century-old coin and where we have a phrase for every occurrence in life stereotyped in a perpetual inanity. But M. France's sweet clarid speech has a beauty which familiarity cannot destroy, a quality of simplicity and charm which delights some and seems to others almost insipid. That sounds an absurd adjective to apply to M. France's prose, but I distinctly remember a woman of some intelligence though corrupt in literary taste saying that she could not admire Anatole France, "It all looks so easy, as if a child had written it." I tried to convince her that she had paid unknowingly the greatest compliment one could give a master of prose, but she was dissatisfied, and in spite of all I could say she went away murmuring something about d'Annunzio and Dickens! A. R. Memoirs of a Charming Person. II. Third Conversation-. THERE was no use, I knew, in trying to reason with a Cabalist, nor could I quote the church to him with any effect, and yet I wanted to lead the Count back into a more sober vein of thought. It suddenly occurred to me that his substitution of Sylphs and other elementals for demons, might be refuted by the oracles of the heathen, which Holy Scripture always treats as demons; but as I was not 172 THE EGOIST May 1st, 1914 sure of his opinion of these oracles, I led him on to say what he thought of them. He began with some remarks about the statues in the garden, to which we had returned. They had been bought, at a high price, by some cardinal, under the delusion that they had been used as the mouthpieces of oracles; which is impossible, said he, because the demons are kept under the earth, and have never been allowed to speak in the oracles. I answered that I knew a conference had been held on the subject, and the most enlightened people contended that all these so-called oracles were really only a trickery of the priests, or a political manoeuvre. The Count asked, rather mockingly, if the meeting had been one of Mahometans, since the frequent mention of oracles in Holy Writ counted for nothing with them. "Just so," said I, "1 myself spoke of the oracles Saul banished, and which came back just before he died, but they wouldn't listen. They decided there were no oracles." The Count then broke out into a defence of oracles, taken from the classics, in which he showed great learning, and quoted more authorities than I can remember; but I do recall the virgins who became doves, and told the future—Colombes Dondonidcs; and some of later date who, besides giving oracles, could control the sea, and heal incurable diseases. Even if my wise men, cried he, could not accept tradition, what did they make of the oracles going on at the present moment in Paris itself! I expressed my disbelief; and he went on to tell me of wonderful things done in Paris at that very day: what he called aquatic divination through water in a glass or basin; aerial divination by means of mirrors and reading in a virgin's hand. The absent were seen, he said, and far-off countries, and he could bring thousands of eye-witnesses to prove his facts. I suggested that the magistrate:-, would have interfered long ago were all he said true, to stop such idolatry. At this word he exclaimed that God would not allow these remains of the old Wisdom to be destroyed; and that the great magical name of Agla, which could work wonders in the mouth of a Cabalist, would still remain powerful. He regretted that I hadn't tried to convince the learned men of the reality of oracles by turning to the East, calling this great name; I ought also to have quoted Celius Rhodiginus, who had himself seen an oracle working about the end of the last century. "That would have been too pedantic," said I, "and it is worse to say that devils did not speak through the oracles than to deny there being any oracles at all. I agree with the Fathers and the theologians on this point." In answer to this he told me the oldest of the Sibyls, Sambetha, was the daughter of Xoah, and that Plutarch says the oracle of Apollo at Delphi first spoke through the oldest of the Sibyls: and further, the Devil couldn't be responsible for the sacred books of the Sibyls; from which the Fathers quoted proofs of true religion. Again, a great Cardinal had spoken of a marriage between David and the Sibyl, which cannot be dismissed lightly, for the Cardinal would not have joked on such a serious matter. He then put forth another argument: the Devil, he affirmed, could not be divided against himself; cither he had never spoken through oracles at all, or he had never spoken through them against his own interests: so it follows that if the oracles have spoken against the interests of the Devil, it wasn't the Devil himself who was speaking. I suggested that perhaps God had made him do so. "But," said the Count, "again, supposing he did not?" "In that case," replied I, "you are right and the theologians are wrong." "We cannot take the theologians as trusthworthy witnesses then," said he. "They may have been prejudiced; but I can give you an unimpeachable one in the person of Porphyry, who was not a heathen like Lucretius, or Lucian, or the Epicureans, but a believer in gods and demons, a great magician, and consequently a partisan of the Devil. I will quote one of the oracles he reports." I will only give the substance of this oracle, and of some others he repeated to me. The first one was "all Porphyry knew of God," whom he said was a flame which permeated all creation, sun, moon, and stars; and from whom man cannot hide." Ail is full of God; God is everywhere." In another oracle God was "an immense abyss of flame," but this fire making for the harmony of the world, the soul need not fear it, for it is God himself. "We are but a small part of God." I objected again that God may have forced the Devil to bear witness to the truth." " Ah," said the Count, "here is an oracle which will dispose of that theory. Alas! O tripos, weep and speak the funeral oration of your Apollo. He is mortal, lie will die, lie will be extinguished, because the light of the celestial flame extinguishes him.' You see," pursued the Count, "that whoever spoke through that oracle owns he is mortal, and is only a spark of the Essence of God. It cannot be Satan speaking, for he is immortal, and he would not say there is but one God, when he wants to be worshipped as a god himself." "But perhaps he lied out of mischief when he said he was mortal, or said the truth willy-nilly when he spoke of God," said I, "and after all, to what do your Cabalists attribute the oracles? Do they think them exhalations from the earth, like Aristotle, Cicero, and Plutarch?" This remark roused the Count to an attack on the whole theory of exhalations, which he declared to be false, on the ground that such a cause would never account for the sublime thoughts and flights of the Pythian givers of oracles. Again, if the theory were true, the oracles would have been spoken through anyone who happened to go near the Sacred Tripod; not only through one girl, and she a virgin: also, they would have been regular and permanent, as an exhalation is a natural thing, always working in the same way; whereas the priestess was only moved when consulted. Lastly, he asked, why does the earth no longer give out those divine vapours? Has she changed her nature, and stopped up her pores? Plutarch finally gives an explanation of oracles in which he maintains that the exhalation from the earth was a divine spirit. "This divining vapour," says he, "is a breath, and a very sacred and holy spirit.'' "But Pomponatius, Lueillus and the modern atheists won't hear of such a thing," the Count continued. "They say these exhalations are of the same nature as the vapours which affect atrabilious people, who speak in languages they don't understand. And although Fcrnal refutes this theory by saying that it is impossible for the bile to cause any such results, he too falls into the mistake of attributing them to the Devil." "Oh," said I, "then to what can we attribute them? I'm waiting for this Cabalistic secret!" " The Philosophers," answered he, "have explained the matter by establishing the fact of the existence of an order of beings between God and man, to whom everything can be attributed Which is super-human, but less than divine. An ancient philosophy held this view: the Platonists, the Pythagoreans, who had it from the Egyptians, who again had it from Joseph the Saviour, and the iiebrews, before their passage through the Red Sea. The Hebrews called these Substances Sadaim, and the Greeks, transposing the syllables and adding one letter, called them Daitnonas. These demons, or daimons, were a people of the air, unknown to, or misunderstood by those who are ignorant of the Cabala and its teaching." May 1st, 1914 THE EGOIST  173 " And so you get back to your Sylphs," said I. He assented, and went on to explain that the Jewish Teraphim was nothing but the vehicle used in this commerce with the Elementals. These latter gave their oracles through little statues, called idols, ' but there was no real idolatry in the worship of these fetiches, as they were only vehicles for inspiration. The Elementals, whilst God was neglecting the salvation of the world in order to punish man's first sin, took a pleasure in explaining all they knew ol God, through the oracles; they taught men to live well and gave them wise and useful advice, such as can be read in Plutarch and all the historians. But as soon as God took pity on the world, and himself became its Saviour, the lesser beings retired. Hence the silence of the oracles. " Then all you say goes to prove that there certainly were oracles," remarked I, "and that Sylphs gave them, and are still doing so through glasses and mirrors." " Yes," said the Count. "Sylphs or Salamanders, Gnomes or Undines." " If that is so," I retorted, "they are all very dishonest people, as they always give answers with a double meaning." He denied this, and spoke of various oracles that had come true; of a Roman in Asia, to whom it was foretold that he would come back a Pro-Consul, which is a fact stated by Tacitus; of Roderigo, the curious and incontinent King of Spain, who was threatened with an invasion of black men; and was not Spain over-run and conquered by the Moors? " You see," pursued the Count, "that oracle could not have been delivered by the Devil, but certainly came through some great Cabalist, who had it from a wise Salamander; for Salamanders are great lovers of chastity, and like pointing a moral. As for the obscurity to which you object, isn't truth generally concealed by darkness—and isn't Holy Writ itself so obscure as to put off the haughty and presumptuous, and to guide the humble?" The Count ended our talk by asking me to consider what kind of Elemental I should first prefer. He recommended me to associate first with a Salamander, because I had Mars in the mid-heaven in my horoscope: as for marriage, he advised a Sylph, because Jupiter was in the ascendant with Venus sextile. But, he added, I must consult my heart in the matter, because the Sage governs his actions by that inner map of the stars, which is in every man— the external aspects only showing more surely what are the internal aspects. I asked for time to think it over, to which he readily agreed, and we went back to Paris. He talked admirably all the way on the nature of God, and I was lost in surprise at the man, who was at once so strong, and so weak; so much to be admired, and yet so ridiculous. M. de V. -M. * Translator's Note: Judges xvii.; Ezekiel, xxi., 21; Hosea iii., 4. Andre Dunoyer de Segonzac, Painter. AMONG the various artists who have sprung from the Cezanne root M. Dunoyer de Segonzac is the most arresting. This young artist has made himself known through his participation at the Salons d'Automne and des Independants and the publication of many remarkable drawings, in particular a series representing Isadora Duncan* in the different phases of her dance (drawings disowned, by the way, by Miss Duncan, a circumstance illustrative of the difference between creator and critic). * A first series was published by "La Belle Edition"; a second, together with some nudes, boxers, and sketches of Ida Rubinstein, by "Le Temps Eresent." To the man in the street M. de Segonzac is an ultra-modern painter verging on the species called" cubist." But he is not a" cubist." The latter labours under the delusion that art, being abstract in its conception, must remain abstract in its expression. A pet argument amongst cubists is that art must not be called upon to represent the concrete object but its abstract idea. Attempts to render a fourth dimension, motion etc, are sometimes claimed also. As these aspirations sound very clever many people are impressed by them, including some of the cubists themselves whose own intellectuality turns their heads, lor the cubists (and many other modern artists) are, at best, working brains, not first and foremost artists governed by artistic instinct. They are so intoxicated with reasoning that they ignore the elementary consideration that form conveys an abstract idea, while the abstract cannot under any circumstances make itself manifest otherwise than through the concrete. As soon as an idea is carried out it ranks with the concrete. (Painting is concrete in itself, inevitably, and the most intellectual cubist cannot help representing the suggestion of something substantial). Of such is creation and art is creation, i.e. the concrete rendering of the abstract conception. But art is of supreme indifference to these people, for whom I have every regard when they are not mere "climbers "seeking to bring themselves into prominence, but many of whom, were they not cubists, would be totally incapable of producing anything in another form of art worth attention. This is a point which cannot be too much emphasised. They may not all be fools, but they are seldom artists, though they may be philosophers, mathematicians, or engineers. At the back of the (more serious) cubist movement there is merely intelligence and reasoning, and, while only the bigoted will withhold every interest in it, the artist at once realises the fallacy on which the theory tries to base itself. The sum of cubist reasoning, when expressed with concrete paint on concrete canvases, with sometimes the addition of such concrete elements as piano-keys, hair, teeth, etc.—is a negation of form, therefore a negation pure and simple. The cubists' reasoning leads to nothing, whereas the purpose of art is precisely to lead to something, i.e. a positive construction. The very need for explanation condemns it, for art justifies and explains itself. You may be able to explain cubism; it is more difficult to explain art. Is not creation concerned with affirmation and does not the mystic (whose most expressive medium is drawing)—that is, one who is curious of the underlying idea, law, principle or essence—does he not recognise, as Mr. G. K. Chesterton has so well demonstrated in his book on Blake, the need of emphasising and glorifying form? For, if form requires the intangible, life-giving soul to bring it into existence, the soul needs the tangible form to express itself, the form being its symbol and complement. It follows that denial of representation in plastic and graphic art is a fallacy, because without representation it is impossible to interpret. For we wade so deeply in a confusion of idle reasoning that it is necessary to indulge in such elementary observations and constantly bring the rambling modern mind back to first principles. Another fault of the modern mind is its extreme timidity. Certain words frighten it very much. Thus the word "representation "(confused with illustration); thus the word" beauty" (confused with the insipid). It fails to recognise that constructiveness in art necessarily implies representation, so intent is it to escape the humiliating accusation of copying. Therefore, too poor to create, too proud to copy, the modern artist relies on negation under the delusion he is discovering abstraction, as one might kill a man to discover his soul. It is not abstraction, it is subtraction the modern artist goes in for, subtraction yielding O. ISADORA DUNCAN. * From Andre de Segonzac. XXX. Dessius. * The drawings are reproduced with acknowledgments to the publishers of "Editions du Temps Present," Paris. 174 THE EGOIST May 1st, 1914 May 1st, 1914 THE EGOIST 175 A similar fate has befallen the belief in beauty or idealism. The modern artist fears beauty like a chaste and timid youth anxious for his virtue fears a woman, or a teetotaller, lacking confidence in his temperance, fears wine. It takes a mighty deal of courage nowadays to proclaim the beauty of beauty. The cult of humanity, pity and reason has led us to this conviction and we are in dire need of a new saviour to redeem the betrampled beautiful, strong, healthy and haughty for the diseased in body and poor in spirit—not to speak about the intellectuals with their five senses stunted—have been too long our conquerors. The artist should fear nought, neither God nor the devil, neither beauty nor ugliness, neither the concrete nor the abstract. He should be in touch with all that is. The world—heaven, earth and hell—is his to plunder from and whatever will serve his purpose of affirmation and construction is good. He has no heed for traps and ambushes for he knows where safety lies—if he is an artist. It is this bold, direct march upon his art which is so impressive in the work of M. de Segonzac. He is modern in so far that he lays a new brick on the edifice, but he does not stop at absurd considerations about the artist being identified with his period. For what cant is this? Where is the time in which we live? How does it express itself? In what way can a painter represent it? How can he avoid using the past as a springboard for another leap? Is it his duty to illustrate aeroplanes or to express the spirit of his age? But neither he nor anyone else can lay hands on that. He cannot express to-day or this minute because both have gone before he has realised them. He cannot represent the next day or minute because he is ignorant of them. For pity's sake let us be honest about this straightforward, precise, revealing and finite thing, art, and admit, once for all that the best a painter can do is to paint as well as he possibly can whatever interests him most and for whatever he is most gifted and recognise that the distinction between one period and another is either too conventional and superficial to affect art, or too mobile, various, general and complex to find its way therein except occultly. M. de Segonzac is an example of the difference between the intelligent painter and the painter who is merely intelligent. Needless to say he ranks with the former. He does not paint with a method only but he has a method too. His mind is not preoccupied with insane jargon about the evocation of the idea of an object, or the rendering of a fourth dimension, motion etc. When he paints a jar he paints a jar for all it is worth and with all his might, realising, for he is honest besides intelligent, that the idea of a jar can only be expressed through a jar and by no stretch of the imagination through a door, for instance, or anything else! Above all, in M. de Segonzac's mind, the picture is the thing. The leading qualities presented in his work are good faith, a sense of the monumental expressed with gigantic power—a power he will moderate by degrees for, like an unwise horse young to the shafts, he now gives the full measure of his strength— rhythm both in tone and line, a broad vision of masses and correspondences, science in elimination, intelligence allied to candour (an artist must be candid), and absence of the vulgar polychromatic effects to be met with in most oil-painting—painters imagining that, because they dispose of colours they should use them—yet all M. de Segonzac's works are sonorous. He is a builder of pictures who battles with his paint—which, by the way, he lays on the canvas by handfuls, moulding it like a sculptor his clay. In his pen and pencil sketches of feminine nudity he strikes another and a subtler chord. In these a sensitive, pure, flexible and elegant line renders flashes of acute, delicate perception, at times—as, especially, in the drawings of Isadora Duncan and Ida Rubinstein—of amazing dexterity, beauty and synthetical expression. Of the same family as the drawings of Rodin they are more poetic than these and less dynamic, consequently more pictorial and decorative. M. de Segonzac's unusual gifts would seem to be borne out by sound qualities of character. It is to be supposed, therefore, that he will be unready to make concessions compromising his artistic probity and that his career lies in steady and determined hands, hands. Muriel Ciolkowska. Poetry. The Fete. To-night again the Moon's white mat Stretches across the dormitory floor While outside, like an evil cat The pion prowls down the dark corridor, Planning, I know, to pounce on me, in spite For getting leave to sleep in town last night. But it was none of us who made that noise, Only the old brown owl that hoots and flies Out of the ivy—he will say it was us boys— Seigneur mon Dieu! the sacre" soul of spies! He would like to catch each dream that lies Hidden behind our sleepy eyes: Their dream? But mine—it is the Moon and the Wood that sees; All my long life how I shall hate the trees! In the Place d'Armes, the dusty planes, all Summer through Dozed with the market women in the sun and scarcely stirred To see the quiet things that crossed the Square— A tiny funeral, the flying shadow of a bird, The hump-backed barber Celestin Lemaire, Old Madame Michel in her three-wheeled chair, And filing past to Vespers, two and two, The demoiselles of the Pensionnat. Towed like a ship through the harbour bar, Safe into port, where le petit Jesus Perhaps makes nothing of the look they shot at you: Si, c'est defendu, mais que voulez-vous? It was the sun. The sunshine weaves A pattern on dull stones: the sunshine leaves The portraiture of dreams upon the eyes Before it dies: All summer through The dust hung white upon the drowsy planes Till suddenly they woke with the Autumn rains. It is not only the little boys Who have hardly got away from toys But I, who am seventeen next year, Some nights, in bed, have grown cold to hear That lonely passion of the rain Which makes you think of being dead And of somewhere living to lay your head As if you were a child again Crying for one thing, known and near Your empty heart to still the hunger and the fear That pelts and beats with it against the pane. But I remember smiling too At all the Sun's soft tricks and those Autumn dreads In Winter time when the grey light broke slowly through The frosted window-lace to drag us shivering from our beds. And when at dusk the singing wind swung down Straight from the stars to the darkf country roads beyond the twinkling town, Striking the leafless poplar boughs as he went by Like some poor stray dog by the wayside lying dead We left behind us the old world of dread, I and the wind as we strode whistling on under the Winter sky. 176 THE EGOIST May 1st, 1914 And then in Spring for three days came the fair Just as the planes were starting into Dud Above the caravans: you saw the dancing bear Pass on his chain; and heard the jingle and the thud. Only four days ago They let you out of this dull show To slither down the montane russe and chaff the man d la tete de Veau— Hit, slick, the bull's-eye at the Tir, Spin round and round till your head went queer On the porcs-roulants. Oh! la! la! la Fete! Va pour du vin, et le tete-a-tete With the girl who sugars the quafres! Pauvrette How thin she was; but she smiled, you bet, As she took your tip—" One does not forget The good days, Monsieur." Said with a grace, But sacrebleu! what a ghost of a face! And no fun too for the demoiselles Of the Pensionnat, who were hurried past, With their "Oh, que c'est beau—Ah, que c'est belle!" A lap-dog's life from first to last! The good nights are not made for sleep, nor the good days for dreaming in, And at the end in the big Circus tent we sat and shook and stewed like sin! Some children there had got—but where? Sent from the South, perhaps—a red bouquet Of roses sweetening the fetid air With scent from gardens by far away blue bay. They threw one at the dancing bear. The white clown caught it. From St. R6my's tower The deep slow bell tolled out the hour. The black clown, with his dirty grin Lay, sprawling in the dust, as She rode in. She stood on a white horse—and suddenly you saw the bend Of a far-off road at dawn, with knights riding by— A field of spears—and then the gallant day Go out in storm, with ragged clouds low down, sullen and grey Against red heavens: wild and awful, such a sky As witnesses against you at the end Of a great battle, bugles blowing, blood and dust— The old Morte d' Arthur, fight you must—! It died in anger. But it was not death That had you by the throat, stopping your breath. She looked like Victory. She rode my way. She laughed at the black clown and then she flew A bird above us on the wing Of her white arms, and you saw through A rent in the old tent, a patch of sky With one dim star. She flew, but not so high— And then she did not fly. She stood in the bright moonlight at the door Of a strange room—she threw her slippers on the floor— Again, again You heard the patter of the rain, The starving rain—it was this Thing, Summer was this, the gold mist in your eyes;— Oh God! it dies, But after death? To-night, the splendour and the sting Blows back and catches at your breath, The smell of beasts, the smell of dust, the scent of all the roses in the world, the sea, the Spring— The beat of drums, the pad of hoofs, music, the Dream, the Dream, the Enchanted Thing! At first you scarcely saw her face, You knew the maddening feet were there, What called was that half-hidden, white unrest To which now and then she pressed Her finger tips; but as she slackened pace And turned and looked at you it grew quite bare: There was not anything you did not dare:— Like trumpeters the hours passed until the last day of the Fair. In the Place d'Armes all afternoon The building birds had sung "Soon, soon," The shuttered streets slept sound that night, It was full moon: The path into the wood was almost white, The trees were very still and seemed to stare: Not far before your soul the Dream flits on, But when you touch it, it is gone And quite alone your soul stands there. Mother of Christ, no one has seen your eyes: how can men pray Even to you? There were only wolves' eyes in the wood— My Mother is a woman too: Nothing is true that is not good With that quick smile of hers, I have heard her say ;— I wish I had gone back home to-day, I should have watched the light that so gently dies From our high window, in the Paris skies, The long straight chain Of lamps hung out along the Seine: I would have turned to her and let the rain Beat on her breast as it does against the pane;— Nothing will be the same again;— There is something strange in my little Mother's eyes, There is something new in the old heavenly air of Spring— The smell of beasts, the smell of dust—The Enchanted Thing! All my life long I shall see moonlight on the fern And the black trunks of trees. Only the hair Of any woman can belong to God. The stalks are cruelly broken where we trod, There had been violets there, I shall not care As I used to do when I see the bracken burn. Charlotte M. Mew. Correspondence. Note to Correspondents.— While quite willing to publish letters under noms de plume, we make it a condition of publi-cation that the name and address of each correspondent should be supplied to the Editor.—Ed. PROPERTY AND THEFT. To the Editor The Egoist. Madam, It is pleasant to praise: permit me therefore to congratulate Mr. Byington upon the matter and manner of his letter published in your issue of the 15th inst. And, whilst I rejoice at his remarks on Bergson, the science of economics is so important to-day that I should be glad if you would elaborate a little your criticism of that portion of his letter dealing with the question of private property. You protest, and I am in cordial agreement, that the assumption of all property by the State would be disastrous to the individual. In the present stage of morality, at all events, the individual can only make some show of resistance to the all too prevalent interference from others if he possess private property. But it seems to me that you negate the entire usefulness of this attitude when you declare that "if you are in lack of it (private property), obtain it by any available means." The statement is flamboyant and startling; but you will surely not let it stand without some qualification. Apparently you will refrain from demanding reparation from those who take your property without your permission. Do you mean this? Or is it" only a certain class of "honest and deserving poor "that you invite? If so, what is the test of entry to this class? Forgive these prosaic enquiries. Bread and butter are so important to most of us, and we may be pardoned a little anxiety at your sweeping proposal regarding the means of our subsistence. London. Henry Meulen. [The subject referred to in the above letter is dealt with in the current" Views and Comments'.'—Ed.] May 1st, 1914 THE EGOIST 177 "SERVANTS" AND THE" PEOPLE." To the Editor The Egoist. Madam, Your comments on Mr. Lansbury may be illustrated by an experience of mine. Twenty-five years ago I drew the attention of the Labour Party to the law which requires jurymen to live in a house with fifteen windows, and pointed out that this accounted for the reckless convictions in Labour cases. By their request I drafted a Bill to reform the law, which was unanimously adopted by the Trades Congress, and is still, I believe, one of the hardy annuals of the House of Commons. Not long ago a Royal Commission was appointed to deal with the subject, and I wrote to the Labour representative on the Commission, Mr. Snowden, placing my services at his disposal. He replied urging me to wait upon some clerk in the Home Office, appointed as secretary to the Commission, and try to obtain his (the clerk's!) consent to my appearing as a witness. It did not enter into Mr. Snowden's mind, apparently, that this clerk was his servant, and that it was for him, as Royal Commissioner, to decide what evidence he desired to have laid before him. We place authority in the hands of these "privates," and they promptly and tamely surrender it into those of the very "university class "against whom they agitate on platforms. In the same way if we appointed one of Mr. Lansbury's proteges colonel of a regiment he would insist on taking orders from his own adjutant. I did not call on Mr. Snowden's master. I prefer giving orders to the Home Office in my capacity as an individual publicist, to cringing to it in the capacity of a tribune of the "People." London. Allen Upward. "DIVINE INSPIRATION." To the Editor The Egoist. Madam, I have read with interest and not a little amusement the letters re "Divine Inspiration "in Art, and shall be grateful if you can find space in your columns for this letter. It seems to me that it is a case of defining the term" Divinity." Such terms as" Divinity,"" God,"" Spirit" or "Soul "have become so vague in their meaning that it is now almost impossible to use them with any exacluude. This leads to such situations as that of the man who, at the conclusion of a fruitless argument, exclaimed, "Ah, sir, I see we are really in agreement—only your God is my Devil." In this case in question, I think both writers are agreed upon one point—that a work of art is of a dual nature, consisting of an Idea and the material expression of that Idea. Both also are agreed that the technical expression, exact, precise, definite, and shorn of all superfluous and vague generalities, is human in origin, consisting of that skill of hand, acute observation of eye or ear, mental clarity and subtlety in the finding and using of exact words, and all the rest of the outfit which toil and hard training bring to the artist, and which separate him from other users of paint, words, marble, or sounds, and without wheih no Idea (however large its capital be written) can crystallise into a work of art. Being so far agreed, it remains to track this mysterious Idea to its human or divine origin. At this point Miss Defries says, "The fact is that Art is a natural development, and has its origins in the Origin of the Other World-Growths. You may call this ' God ' and ' Divine ' or you may call it 1 Creation ' or ' Force ' or ' Evolution,' ' First Cause ' or—with Leonardo—' II Primo Motore.'" Mr. Aldington is more modest. He does not go so far as to state his theory as a fact; he hazards a guess. "I should say some definite experience, emotional or physical. That is merely a guess; it would be easier to say, ' This is a mystery and all answers are equally heretical.'" Here we have "some definite experience "opposed to" a natural development . . . God . . . Force . . . etc." Certainly, viewed from one standpoint, every experience, every moment of life, every vibration of being must, of necessity, be linked up with all the past experience of the world, and can therefore be termed a natural development. But if this constitutes "Divinity," then every experience, however trivial or absurd, whether of man, beast, or plant, is "Divine," and there is no reason to distinguish a work of art by qualifying it with this adjective. So we are forced to the conclusion that Miss Defries believes that a vague "something "happens to an artist, a "something "which is not mere experience but which "sets going the machines of Art Creation," some "winged messengers from the Infinite Unknown with tidings for us," or something "which wells up our inmost being and which we who are artists strive to share with others"; or it is something which causes a man to "catch and weave the shuttle of the Miracle Worker whom to-day we call Nature." I must confess that the tracking of this vague "Idea "to its lair—to its real and tangible meaning, shorn of all indefinite generalities, gives me a feeling something akin to that inspired by a reading of "Jabberwocky." But this is beside the point. Does Miss Defries really believe that a great artist relies not upon his own experience and mental energy, but upon some outside" thought stream," the origin of "Greatness of Conception," or" Inspiration in the Thought"? If so, she believes that "thought "exists (and I suppose has always existed) apart from and independent of humanity—some intangible, indefinite something which is "Thought "or "Thought Stream "and which vaguely exists, somewhere and somehow, ever attempting to enter a few chosen people who are thereby formed into "Great Artists." Miss Defries says that "Nature, observing from Her Vantage ground, must wonder!" If nature wonders at the sight of an artist patiently and systematically examining the secret recesses of his own nature, capturing each elusive thought and feeling .observing each colour, form or sound, and by aid of his mental activity defining, sorting and arranging his impressions, and afterwards, in the most precise and economic forms, recording his" vision," so that it becomes a work of art—if nature wonders at this spectacle, how much more must she wonder at the grotesque figure of the artist, brush or pen in hand, awaiting the "Thought Stream "which he expects to descend upon him— no, I crave pardon—" to well up within him." Personally I believe that thought and the creative faculty is entirely human and personal—the result of that self-consciousness which is common to all mankind, but which is particularly acute in those who are truly artists. In fact it is this very faculty for thought which created the idea of "Divinity," the "God Idea," and which becoming more perfected will again destroy it. The fresco of God creating Adam should be matched by a modern study of Adarn creating God. It is precisely this faculty for creation, this so far highest point in natural development, this supreme manifestation of the egoist nature of man which makes a work of art valuable to humanity. So much time has been wasted and so much harm done to art that I think the time has come when these old terms and ideas should be thrown upon the rubbish heap of useless anachronisms. Miss Defries craves a new term to supersede the word "Divine ": I offer the term "Human." [Mrs.] Nancy Henry. "DIVINE INSPIRATION." To the Editor The Egoist. Madam, Might I, very humbly, propose myself as arbitrator between two such brilliant disputants as Amelia Dorothy Defries and Richard Aldington by suggesting that the point on which they differ is simply contained in the word "divine "and not in the word "inspiration"? For, though no one can deny "inspiration "without necessarily accepting it, no one can be so bold as to define where "divinity "begins or ends. But your correspondent "Jack McClure "has most admirably dealt with this same ever-present problem. Paris. S. F. "THE HUB OF THE UNIVERSE." To the Editor The Egoist. Madam, Mr. Aldington has set me off again—but this time I am not controversial. In his article for April 15th, he says: "I had supposed that one only went to the theatre to escape doing something which requires thought." I can only wish that he may tell this to Craig! Now, I have been writing plays for ten years, and I have found it takes thought, and what is more, I find it needs energy, insight, a great deal of emotion, restraint, knowledge of all the arts and of everyday life of every kind; contemporary thought and original ideas, and—more perhaps than any other art—that thing so dear to Mr. Aldington: "the exact word." There can be few things more exhausting than play-writing and yet it is as Mr. Aldington says, and he is not the only one who goes to the theatre "to escape doing something that requires thought." Everybody (except those who work in or for the theatre) goes to see plays for the same reason! And I believe, if the truth be known, that all people who do not write poetry, read poetry for this reason—to escape their own thoughts. I believe people go to music, to pictures, to novels, for this reason, more than for any other. And why not? If we by our efforts can provide something by which other people can escape the effort and get the pleasure—why not? They expend their efforts—if they are fit to live—on some other thing, that spares us. . . I would be glad if I could—without messing in stuff too low for human intelligence—write a play which would, for hundreds of nights, amuse and delight thousands and thousands, and by thinking for them, empty their heads of their heavy thoughts, and send them home to a good night's sleep, refreshed. But it takes a finer play than I have ever written yet, to have this effect! I would still sooner write a play which, while doing all this to them, would haunt them and re-vitalise them, follow them— mould their future acts—give them an Ideal! But all this is Art . . this, and much more too. And this we do not often get in the theatre. In the theatre a great writer like Israel Zangwill can produce as bad a play with as fine an idea in it—as "The Melting Pot." It amazes me how such an artist, such a good critic too, can have written so bad a play. Technically belonging to 1890, and not good enough, at that. How the managers could have let so big an emotional appeal be so clumsily written, with no sense of the stage—and so abominably produced—so pitifully acted! 178 THE EGOIST May 1st, 1914 This sort of thing is only tolerated in the theatre. Why? Because the theatre is in the hands of capitalists and is run for profit. Profit at any cost. And so short-sighted is the policy of these profit-hunters that they have more financial failures in a year than any other business could stand over twenty years. Except perhaps on the Stock Exchange, I do not suppose more money is LOST yearly over anything (short of actual bona-fide gambling) than is lost in the theatre world. Experienced men of business who have been in the theatre all their lives put on plays which no one wants to see; plays which run three weeks. They say: "No one can ever tell what will succeed." But I say that the whole thing is because THE PLAYS are not good enough; and because no one seems to realise the right relation between the theatre and the city—between the infinite variety of publics who want to be amused and entertained in an infinite variety of different ways, and the infinite variety of minds capable of entertaining them, and few seem to realise what the theatre IS among the Arts. To Mr. Craig the theatre is the Temple of Art. To me it is The Great Meeting Place, where all the Arts meet—where artist and public meet, where all classes and kinds are under one roof, joining in one expression of one art, all at the same moment. If you want to gauge what a city is thinking: go to its theatres. The theatre is the Mirror of the City's Life as it is being lived at the moment. Of course it changes—of course few things in it last—of course much of it is stale at the end of the year. That is inevitable. Also, some of the greatest art ever produced in words can, from lime to time, be found there; and some of the noblest interpretations of such works. But the high moments are rare. And this, I feel, is largely because of two things:—1. The existing commercial conditions do not draw the best men to write for the theatre, or (except in the case of Mr. Craig) to design for the theatre. This is the fault of the publics. If the theatres would all specialise, as one or two low ones do now with great financial success, and if the theatre-goers would become subscribers (as in the modern German and Russian theatres) an end could be put to capitalism in the theatre, and the real artists encouraged to train themselves to come in, where they are much needed. 2. There is no place where a writer can practise or experiment in stage technique; writing for the stage is not the same thing as writing for print. Designing for the stage is another matter to painting or drawing on walls or on paper or canvas. The possibilities of the stage are infinite, but even the greatest artists must be trained or must be able to train themselves, if they are to be sure of their work when it gets to the stage. A great deal of this has been said by Mr. Craig in his books. But, naturally, he sees with his own eyes, and, so far, has not considered the writing of plays, but only the producing of them; a very big and highly technical matter in itself. When you come to consider the way one may go on for many years sitting in one's room writing plays—with, at best, only tiny mannikins and a model stage, and most generally with only a pen and a few sheets of paper—is it any wonder that nearly all the plays are faulty? Every art has its difficulties, but at least in the other arts you can work in the material in which you will finally express yourself. Even in architecture you can have a working model which can be exact in every detail to your design. Not so the dramatist. His is the position of the sculptor who can get neither marble nor clay, no wood or putty, even. His the position of the painter painting forever, in the pitch dark, works which he may never see; and when at last a play gets accepted— what then? He has no experience . . . other people run off with his work and make what they please out of it. Managers have told me with pride and laughter how they have "had to re-write the whole thing themselves "before the first night came round! As if a manager ought to touch a finished play! Managers and Public, and artists like Mr. Aldington, complain of the poverty of the plays, but I myself wonder we get as many almost good ones as we do, seeing how theatrical matters are run. The Intellectuals complain when People will not go to dull problematic plays; the artists complain when they find no spark of beauty of conception in the plays. People complain that plays are boring: that interesting plays are too heavy: that light plays are too empty and so on and so on. What I think is, that few managers know a good play when they read one (and they leave most of the reading to unskilled subordinates) and few writers know how to write for the stage (for reasons which I have explained). There should immediately be a training school and experimental studio for Dramatists if the Drama of to-morrow is to be better than that of to-day; and the best theatrical managers should form a committee and reorganise their business, relating the theatre to the city and to the people's life: and letting each set of theatres specialise for a certain kind of play and the public, so that those wno want" comic relief," who like that sort of thing, can get it always at certain places (and there is no earthly reason why "comic relief "should not be Art—life is full of "comic relief "!), and those who want other kinds of drama can also get it at their special haunts. I do not know if I have made my meanings clear? London. Amelia Dorothy Defries. IDEALS AND IDOLS. To the Editor, The Egoist. Madam, As you are ever waging war on "Concepts "it might be interesting to consider whether Ideals—the form in which concepts generally present themselves to the ordinary person—are not in fact something closely akin to Idols. The very way people treat their Ideals—putting them on the top shelf of their minds and bringing them down to look at when they have a leisure moment—strongly suggests the analogy. If an Ideal were not a kind of Idol it would be used as a prescription and not cherished as something precious, which is what most people do with it. Directly a man believes in and honours an ideal it means he worships it, and if he worships it, he is worshipping something made by man and thereby condemns himself to the fate of all idolators, viz. mental stagnation. For Ideals are just as much man-made things as the idols, that we despise the savage for regarding as his gods. How did Idols probably come into existence? The savage like an artist wanted to emphasize and memorize something pleasant by making a reproduction of it. He liked men and found that by modelling clay or hacking stone he could make something that reminded him of men, and so he made him images. A savage was however probably always haunted too by a great fear and curiosity in regard to the unknown forces of Nature and he had also a strong desire to subjugate them. One day he made the fatal mistake of supposing his own handiwork had a direct connection with these forces, forgetting that the images were made by himself for his own pleasure, and that the mysterious force he felt to hang over them was not inherent in the images but emanated from the mysteriousness of his own pleasure. So he became an idolator. Now it seems to me words and concepts are just as much man's brainwork as images are his handiwork. The letters of the alphabet were in fact first pictures and words in turn are only compounded pictures and ideas compounded words. One fatal day civilised man like the savage forgets their origin and attributes to them the power of standing for something altogether outside man. He thinks of concepts as standing for some forces which he can propitiate by worshipping and sacrificing to just in the same way as the savage sought to win the favour of his idols. Actually he is only worshipping a result of his own mental activity which he expresses as a Concept. He imagines falsely by so doing that he is penetrating into the mystery of life, whereas the only way man can penetrate the mystery of life is by facing life with his whole mind working in complete union with itself—in short, by living. It seems that Ideals are just records of the directions men have taken in that process of living and a man should check for himself the usefulness of the Ideals or frankly throw them over if he cannot. If a man do anything more with an ideal than use it, he becomes an Idolator and a vampire—an idolator because by honouring it, he endows a man-made prescription with a supposed force it does not possess, and a vampire because he wants to propitiate this force by sacrificing others to it. The reason no independent man will stand being preached at by anyone is because rightly the man who preaches is always "suspect "of not really desiring to promote the welfare of the man whom he is advising but of wanting to use him as an offering to his Ideal which he treats as an Idol. Those who really desire to help do not set about it by recommending an ideal but by giving actual experience; instinctively they know an Ideal is not a force outside action, but only an instrument, in the use of which they can give no help, unless they themselves are dexterous. I will try and illustrate these remarks by taking a very simple Idealist—the Temperance Reformer. It suddenly strikes a man that temperance in the use of alcohol is extraordinarily desirable. He wishes to acquire the habit and finds it easier to do so by joining up with others who are similarly minded and the whole business is conveniently called by him Temperance Reform. Now so long as he and his friends find Temperance as a concept helpful for acquiring the habit of being temperate and thereby making themselves more effective— well and good. As a rule, however, they do not stop there. They find the acquisition of a desirable habit no doubt useful but a tame thing compared with an act of worship which is far more satisfying to the emotions and easier to do. Temperance ceases to be thought of as a habit and becomes a Cause. It is regarded as a force, just like the savage's idol, that will endow men with power if only they will sacrifice to it. Reformers begin to talk about spreading the cause, and the people they try to rope in are puppets that they try to sacrifice to the Idol of Temperance and so gain great reward for themselves. That is the slough that most Reformers end in by losing sight of origins. In any case we so seldom really want to help our neighbours, they are for the most part our rivals and do we want more efficient—rivals? Our neighbours are useful as servants or puppets, yes, that is another matter. Directly we begin to think of any abstract concept as a force and treat it with deference we are setting up an Idol. It is of small importance whether it be an ancient concept or a modern one—it is the act of worship that is amiss instead of the free and easy utilisation of a prescription handed down by our forefathers. London. Honor M. Pulley. May 1st, 1914 THE EGOIST 179 ON THIS SPIRITUAL REALITY. To the Editor The Egoist. Jack McClure's interesting letter on "spiritual reality "in The Egoist for April 15 referred incidentally to conversations he had held upon the subject with a friend, a Bahaist. 1 am the friend, and claim the privilege of a reply. The complex science we call astronomy existed before astronomers, and doubtless there are other sciences yet unperceived and unsuspected which will be revealed by further advances in intellectual refinement and invention. In other words, the universe was before men were, and will be when men are not. From this point of view, man is a Time-product, and fellow to dogs and wisps of smoke. Nevertheless, although life seems to have appeared progressively, by evolution, it does not follow that life worked along an unbroken path from amoeba to man. If types are not fixed, we should expect some day to see a inoiKfy become rational, and some man or men become another kind of being. The type, I believe, is not the trut unit of creation, but rather the stage—mineral, vegetable, animal, man. I am quite willing to grant a certain degree of "awareness "to the three lower stages, but this awareness differs from man's not only in degree but in kind. It is not reason which separates man from the other stages, it is his awareness of" spiritual reality." This particular awareness is neither sensuous nor rational, but ¦comes into being through the activity of soul. The difficulty here is like the difficulty in discussions about art. Once the thing has been named, it becomes the sport of rational and emotional natures who, never having experienced its particular reality in themselves, discuss it in terms of some other, more easily acquired order of experience. There is no such thing as "art," but only the occasional contact of artists with a medium. And in the same way, there is no such thing as "soul," but only the occasional contact of some part of man's consciousness with an environment other than nature. That is, soul does not .and cannot exist in and by itself, but its existence depends upon contact with something wc call" spiritual reality." Most western mystics identify this reality with God, speaking of their ¦experience of the new awareness in terms of union, marriage, the fusion of two parties similar in essence though unequal in degree. But if we define God as thus susceptible of contact and fusion, we are led into the difficulty that if St. Catherine and St. John, by mystical experience, both become "God," it follows that St. Catherine thereby becomes St. John. A way out of this difficulty opens up if we consider "spiritual reality "as an environment, a universe in which the "soul "is native and at home just as the body is native to the universe of nature. The attributes of this "spiritual "universe must be sought in the experience of those who realise it. These attributes, timelessness, energy beyond nature's, and their correlatives in soul—joy, intuitive knowledge and love—replace the conditions of nature for those who attain. Such a concept as "heaven "is merely the fossilised shell of old spiritual experience cast upon the shores of rational mind. Your true mystic knows that "heaven "has no relation to time, but every relation to development. It is on account of the duality of mind itself that men have referred the reality inherent in the term to -a state beyond death. Mind, unchanged by experience, functions with equal readiness upon material supplied to it from the natural order through the senses and upon that provided from the spiritual order through the soul. It creates reality from whichever sphere stands nearest and most habitually at the threshold. This tendency of mind is clearly seen in works of art, for it is the velocity of the mind-stream, not its direction, which makes men artistically creative. So far at least, the experience of saints has not served to set the mind-stream in greater velocity than the experience of materialists, and consequently the testimony of art can be used by either party indifferently. I speak of the duality of mind, but this condition is not fixed. Duality is only a condition when and as long as neither reality has permeated consciousness to the complete exclusion of the other. I agree with McClure that spiritual reality utterly transcends human psychology, for psychology still implies experience of the natural universe alone; but I part from him in believing that many a man has also transcended "human "psychology. These, indeed, are the true egoists. There can be no more difficult act of egoism than the development of soul within a consciousness weakened and divided by the simultaneous perception of two conflicting realities. Nor can there be a more profitable egoism than that which gives one joy in his contact with others rather than hate or disgust. A complete egoist is constructive rather than destructive to others because he requires a perfect society to complete his own range of self-expression. Man is a Time-product. Evolution is attempting to discard men for a superior tvpe. But men themselves contain the organism for infinite further development. It is poor thinking to imagine that superman must be organically different from man. Upon man a tremendously greater range of influences for selection is acting than upon the other orders. Indeed, the most powerful influences have nothing whatever to do with the social "struggle for existence," but are subjective, personal, and felt entirely within the innermost chamber of self, even as they arise from that self in its own writhings toward adjustment. Suicide eliminates more unfit than murder, oppression or even war. But I do not mean by suicide merely the one particular act which destroys physical life; I mean rather that long-drawn-out surrender, that gradual acknowledgment of unfitness which scarcely formulates itself as a thought in the mind, and whose outward manifestation may be nothing more conscious than habitual irritability or a need for much tea. These live long after they have no life, and their presence offers no opportunity to evolution. They are ships with furled sails, and can only rock when the wind bloweth. If one could only chart or graphically describe from the point of view of availability for spiritual evolution the first hundred people that pass along the street! Centuries would separate first and last, and the supreme human virtue—adaptability—be shown so 1 clearly that none could doubt our inherent racial ability to evolve to superman—and beyond. One word more. McClure calls the environment of spiritual awareness the Ghost. The western mystic calls it God; I have preferred to call it spiritual universe, a universe co-existing with nature, contacting with nature through one single agency, the soul, yet entirely self-sufficient and with its own laws or conditions which abrogate natural laws at certain occasions. But however one calls it, the question arises as to its relation with nature and with time. Are there two universes, one fitting within the other like a nest of boxes, or interwoven like the warp and woof of rugs, or interpenetrative like vibrations of different wave-length? Or is there but one universe seen in two different ways, by different organs of perception? The latter case would remove all conflict" of laws, since a natural law like gravitation would not be abrogated but merely set aside in the case (if conceivable) of a substance without weight; while other laws would come into operation the moment consciousness were fitted to respond to their efforts. As for the dog, I see no injustice done the beastie by denying him access to spiritual consciousness any more than in denying him access to Oxford or the Church of England—or the tax list. Does McClure want justice in terms of the dog or in terms of his own egoism? After all, life offers itself on the same conditions to dogs and men: what one desires he shall possess—or become. Perhaps the dog doesn't want the Ghost! And finally, in saying that" before Abraham was I am," McClure is confusing the two terms of the equation, identifying his particular contact with universality and that universality itself. But I do not mean to be critical. It is such a relief to find a man of McClure's temperament in The Egoist, that I am tempted to destroy this letter and content myself with a glad Hurrah! The Egoist has found an eqo at last! Paris. Horace Holley. MARRIAGE AND THE ROMAN CATHOLIC CHURCH. To the Editor The Egoist. Mr. H. S. C.'s answer is not absolutely satisfactory, for though he may have found his information in the book mentioned, this does not infer that the author he quotes based his knowledge on the authority of R.C. decrees. This remains to be discovered. Paris. C. S. H. MARRIAGE AND ITS RIVALS. To the Editor, The Egoist. No doubt the Porters will answer "R. R. W." but I would like to answer one question of his. He asks why human beings have always and everywhere forbidden or hampered sex-pleasures. I answer, because they are pleasures. Distrust of pleasure is deep-rooted in human nature. The savage chief does not like his inferior to have as warm a fur or as pretty a wife as he has himself, and the inferior, being a meek tail-wagging sort of creature, thinks it his duty to go without. The Jealous (iod of so many religions is a magnified savage chief (or perhaps the chief is a diminished copy of the Jealous God, whom I believe to be a real and evil power—but this is not a theological paper). This Jealous (iod naturally frowns on all pleasures, ' and as sex-pleasures are the keenest, he frowns most on them. Indeed if the human race could have been kept going without them, he and his servants would have forbidden them entirely, as they have forbidden many other harmless pleasures. Those who are on the side of Ormuzd rather than Ahriman will facilitate sex-p!easures (and all others) as much as they; can. This will make the world better, as I can show in a few lines. In a free world people will assort themselves thus. Out of every 100 men and 100 women, about 30 pairs will prefer to pair for life and breed. These are the attractive people, and mostly the best people. Call them A's. About 8 men and 20 women, the C's, will not care to pair at all. About S men and S women, the B's, attractive but fickle or avaricious, will prefer to distribute or sell their attractions. The remaining 54 men and 42 women, the D's, a.re unattractive people. No one falls in love with them. They fall in love with A's, and are refused. Mrs. Grundy bids the D's marry each other. They often do, and from these marriages come all domestic tragedies and nearly all inferior children, who inherit bad temper, poor physique, or whatever other quality made their parents D's. Kill Mrs. Grundy (this letter is one bullet against her thick hide), and the D's will mostly seek B's—several D's to each B. It is done now, under the name of prostitution, but so much persecuted that its good effects are small. With freedom the result would be that B's, C's, and D's would have hardly any children, and the next generation would be 90 per cent, children of A's and So per cent. A's themselves. May it be soon! The worship of Ahriman and Pain and self-denial has held back the triumph of good for 3000 years; but it cannot do so for ever. I hope the theory is understood. I have boiled it down to its bones. Cumberland. caldwell harpur. THE EGOIST May 1st, 1914 * DRAWINGS BY ANDRE DUNOYER DE SEGONZAC. * IDA RUBINSTEIN. LES BOXEURS. Printed by Robert Johnson and Co., Ltd., 28, Tulketh Street, Southport, and published by the Proprietors. The New Freewoman, Ltd., at Oakley House, Bloomsbury Street, London, W.C. 180