The Egoist , made Published Monthly The Egoist No. 1.—Vol. V. JANUARY 1918. Sixpence. Editor: HARRIET SHAW WEAVER Assistant Editor: T. S. ELIOT Contributing Editor: DORA MARSDEN CONTENTS PAGE In Memory of Henry James. By T. S. Eliot . . . 1 "The Middle Years." Reviewed by Ezra Pound . 2 The Two Unfinished Novels. Reviewed by Enrique Gomez ......... 3 "The Turn of the Screw." By Arthur Waley . . 4 Passing Paris. By M. C....... 4 A Sordid Story. By J....... 6 PAGE Elizabethan Classicists— V. By Ezra Pound . . 8 Poems. By Leigh Henry...... 9 Short Reviews ........ 10 Alfred de Vigny on the Art of the Stage. By Madame Ciolkowska ...... 10 Correspondence........ 15 Announcements........ 15 IN MEMORY OF HENRY JAMES By T. S. Eliot HENRY JAMES has been dead for some time. The current of English literature was not appreciably altered by his work during his lifetime: and James will probably continue to be regarded as the extraordinarily clever but negligible curiosity. The current hardly matters; it hardly matters that very few people will read James. The "influence" of James hardly matters: to be influenced by a writer is to have a chance inspiration from him: or to take what one wants; or to see things one has overlooked; there will always be a few intelligent people to understand James, and to be understood by a few intelligent people is all the influence a man requires. What matters least of all is his place in such a Lord Mayor's show as Mr. Chesterton's procession of Victorian Literature. The point to be made is that James has an importance which has nothing to do with what came before him or what may happen after him; an importance which has been overlooked on both sides of the Atlantic. I do not suppose that any one who is not an American can properly appreciate James. James's best American figures in the novels, in spite of their trim definite outlines, the economy of strokes, have a fullness of existence and an external ramification of relationship which a European reader might not easily suspect. The Bellegarde family, for instance, are merely good outline sketches by an intelligent foreigner; when more is expected of them, in the latter part of the story, they jerk themselves into only melodramatic violence. In all appearance Tom Tristram is an even slighter sketch. Europeans can recognize him; they have seen him, known him, have even penetrated the Occidental Club; but no European has the Tom Tristram element in his composition, has anything of Tristram from his first visit to the Louvre to his final remark that Paris is the only place where a white man can live. It is the final perfection, the consummation of an American to become, not an Englishman, but a European—something which no born European, no person of any European nationality, can become. Tom is one of the failures, one of nature's misfortunes, in this process. Even General Packard, C. P. Hatch, and Miss Kitty Upjohn have a reality which Claire de Cintré misses. Noémie, of course, is perfect, but Noénrie is a result of the intelligent eye; her existence is a triumph of the intelligence, and it does not extend beyond the frame of the picture. For the English reader, much of James's criticism of America must merely be something taken for granted. English readers can appreciate it for what it has in common with criticism everywhere, with Flaubert in France and Turgenev in Russia. Still, it should have for the English an importance beyond the work of these writers. There is no English equivalent for James, and at least he writes in this language. As a critic, no novelist in our language can approach James; there is not even any, large part of the reading public which knows what the word "critic" means. (The usual definition of a critic is a writer who cannot "create"—perhaps a reviewer of books). James was emphatically not a successful literary critic. His criticism of books and writers is feeble. In writing of a novelist, he occasionally produces a valuable sentence out of his own experience rather than in judgment of the subject. The rest is charming talk, or gentle commendation. Even in handling men whom he could, one supposes, have carved joint from joint—Emerson, or Norton—his touch is uncertain; there is a desire to be generous, a political motive, an admission (in dealing with American writers) that under the circumstances this was the best possible, or that it has fine qualities. His father was here keener than he. Henry was not a literary critic. He was a critic who preyed not upon ideas, but upon living beings. It is criticism which is in a very ## 2 THE EGOIST January 1918 high sense creative. The characters, the best of them, are each a distinct success of creation: Daisy Miller's small brother is one of these. Done in a clean flat drawing, each is extracted out of a reality of its own. substantial enough; everything given is true for that individual; but what is given is chosen with great art for its place in a general scheme. The general scheme is not one character, nor a group of characters in a plot or merely in a crowd. The focus is a situation, a relation, an atmosphere, to which the characters pay tribute, but being allowed to give only what the writer wants. The real hero, in any of James's stories, is a social entity of which men and women are constituents. It is, in The Europeans, that particular conjunction of people at the Wentworth house, a situation in which several memorable scenes are merely timeless parts, only occurring necessarily in succession. In this aspect, you can say that James is dramatic; as what Pinero and Mr. Jones used to do for a large public, James does for the intelligent. It is in the chemistry of these subtle substances, these curious precipitates and explosive gases which are suddenly formed by the contact of mind with mind, that James is unequalled. Compared with James's, other novelists' characters seem to be only accidentally in the same book. Naturally, there is something terrible, as disconcerting as a quicksand, in this discovery, though it only becomes absolutely dominant in such stories as The Turn of the Screw. It is partly foretold in Hawthorne, but James carried it much farther. And it makes the reader, as well as the personae, uneasily the victim of a merciless clairvoyance. James's critical genius comes out most tellingly in his mastery over, his baffling escape from, Ideas; a mastery and an escape which are perhaps the last test of a superior intelligence. He had a mind so fine that no idea could violate it. Englishmen, with their uncritical admiration (in the present age) for France, like to refer to France as the Home of Ideas; a phrase which, if we could twist it into truth, or at least a compliment, ought to mean that in France ideas are very severely looked after; not allowed to stray, but preserved for the inspection of civic pride in a Jardin des Plantes, and frugally dispatched on occasion of public necessity. England, on the other hand, if it is not the Home of Ideas, has at least become infested with them in about the space of time within which Australia has been overrun by rabbits. In England ideas run wild and pasture on the emotions; instead of thinking with our feelings (a very different thing) we corrupt our feelings with ideas; we produce the public, the political, the emotional idea, evading sensation and thought. George Meredith (the disciple of Carlyle) was fertile in ideas; his epigrams are a facile substitute for ob-observation and inference. Mr. Chesterton's brain swarms with ideas; I see no evidence that it thinks. James in his novels is like the best French critics in maintaining a point of view, a view-point untouched by the parasite idea. He is the most intelligent man of his generation. The fact of being everywhere a foreigner was probably an assistance to his native wit. Since Byron and Landor, no Englishman appears to have profited much from living abroad. We have had Birmingham seen from Chelsea, but not Chelsea seen (really seen) from Baden or Rome. There are advantages, indeed, in coming from a large flat country which no one wants to visit: advantages which both Turgenev and James enjoyed. These advantages have not won them recognition. Europeans have preferred to take their notion of the Russian from Dostoevski, and their notion of the American from, let us say, Frank Norris if not O. Henry. Thus, they fail to note that there are many kinds of Russians, corresponding to the many kinds of their fellow-countrymen, and that most of these kinds, similarly to the kinds of their fellow-countrymen, are stupid; likewise with Americans. Americans also have encouraged this fiction of a general type, a formula or idea, usually the predaceous square-jawed or thin-lipped. They like to be told that they are a race of commercial buccaneers. It gives them something easily escaped from, moreover, when they wish to reject America. Thus the novels of Frank Norris have succeeded in both countries; though it is curious that the most valuable part of The Pit is its satire (quite unconscious I believe; Norris was simply representing faithfully the life he knew) of Chicago society after business hours. All this show of commercialism which Americans like to present to the foreign eye James quietly waves aside; and in pouncing upon his fellow-countryman after the stock exchange has closed, in tracking down his vices and absurdities across the Atlantic, and exposing them in their highest flights of dignity or culture, James may be guilty of what will seem to most Americans scandalously improper behaviour. It is too much to expect them to be grateful. And the British public, had it been more aware, would hardly have been more comfortable confronted with a smile which was so far from breaking into the British laugh. Henry James's death, if it had been more taken note of, should have given considerable relief " on both sides of the Atlantic," and cemented the Anglo-American Entente. Notice Article No. XIV of the " Lingual Psychology " series by the Contributing Editor will appear in the February issue of The Egoist.— Editor. "the middle years"* Reviewed by Ezra Pound THE MIDDLE YEARS is a tale of the great adventure; for, putting aside a few simple adventures, sentimental, phallic, Nimrodic, the remaining great adventure is precisely the approach to the Metropolis; for the provincial of our race the specific approach to London, and no subject surely could more heighten the pitch of writing than that the treated approach should be that of the greatest writer of our time and own particular language. We may, I think, set aside Thomas Hardy as of an age not our own; of perhaps Walter Scott's or of L'Abbé Prevost's, but remote from us and things familiarly under our hand; and we skip over the next few crops of writers as lacking in any comparative interest, interest in a writer being primarily in his degree of sensitization; and on this count we may throw out the whole Wells-Bennet period, for what interest can we take in instruments which must of nature miss two-thirds of the vibrations in any conceivable situation. In James the maximum sensibility compatible with efficient writing was present. Indeed, in reading these pages one can but despair over the inadequacy of one's own literary sensitization, one's so utterly inferior state of awareness; even allowing for what the author himself allows: his not really, perhaps, having felt at twenty-six, all that at seventy he more or less read into the memory of his feeling. The point is that with the exception of exceptional moments in Hueffer we find no trace of such degree of awareness in the next lot of writers, or until the first novels of Lewis and Joyce, whose awareness is, without saying, of a nature greatly different in kind. It is not the book for any reader to tackle who has not read a good deal of James, or who has not in default of that reading, been endowed with a natural Jamesian sensibility (a case almost negligible by any * The Middle Tears. By Henry Jame6. Collins, 5s. net. ## January 1918 THE EGOIST 3 likelihood); neither is it a book of memoirs, I mean one does not turn to it seeking information about Victorian worthies; one does not, any more than one did when the old man himself was talking, want to be told anything; there are encyclopaedia in sufficiency, and statistics, and human mines of information, boring sufficiency; one asked and asks only that slow voice should continue—evaluating, or perhaps only tying up the strands of a sentence: "And how my old friend . . . Howells ..." etc. The effects of H. J.'s first breakfasts in Liverpool and—, invited upstairs at Half Moon Street, are of infinitely more value than any anecdotes of the Laureate (even though H. J.'s inability not to see all through the Laureate is compensated by a quip melting one's personal objection to anything Tennyson touched, by making him merely an old gentleman whatsoever with a gleam of fun in his make-up). All comers to the contrary, and the proportionate sale of his works, and statistics whatsoever to the contrary, only an American who has come abroad will ever draw all the succulence from Henry James's writings; the denizen of Manchester or Wellington may know what it feels like to reach London, the Londoner born will not be able quite to reconstruct even this part of the book; and if for intimacy H. J. might have stayed at the same hotel on the same day as one's grandfather, and if the same American names had part in one's own inceptions in London, one's own so wholly different and less padded inceptions; one has perhaps a purely personal, selfish, unliterary sense of intimacy: with, in my own case, the vast unbridgeable difference of settling-in and escape. The essence of James is that he is always "settling-in," it is the ground-tone of his genius. Apart from the state of James's sensibility on arrival nothing else matters, the "mildness of the critical air," the fatuity of George Eliot's husband, the illustrational and accomplished lady, even the faculty for a portrait in a paragraph, not to be matched by contemporary effects in half-metric, are indeed all subordinate to one's curiosity as to what Henry James knew, and what he did not know on landing. The portrait of the author on the cover showing him bearded, and looking rather like a cross between a bishop and a Cape Cod longshoreman, is an incident gratuitous, interesting, but in no way connected with the young man of the text. The England of a still rather whiskered age, never looking inward, in short the Victorian, is exquisitely embalmed, and "mounted" as is, I think, the term for microscopy. The book is just the right length as a volume, but one mourns there not being twenty more, for here is the unfinished work . . . not in The Sense of the Past, for there the pen was weary, as it had been in The Outcry, and the talent that was never most worth its own while when gone off on connoisseurship, was, conceivably, finished; but here in his depiction of his earlier self the verve returned, undiminished. The Two Unfinished Novels* Reviewed by Enrique Gomez THE two unfinished novels of James may easily be called the grave of his genius; it should be added, an impressive tomb; and they are as important as documents as the otherwise far more valuable reminiscences. They will at least enable every one to judge for himself how far he can go in the attempt to come to terms with James's later novels. Probably the most instructive point about them is the progressive devouring of the novel by the rapacious "scenario." This is not, one feels, the * The Sense of the Past, The Ivory Tower. By Henry James. Collins, 6s. net each. way in which the earlier books were constructed; it is the last stage of a method that grew visibly upon the novelist; yet accepting these books gratefully, as one accepts the last work of such a writer as James, we can hardly deplore the malady to which his writing succumbed. For in the case of these two volumes the novels are, with exceptional flashes, very dull; the scenarios, the word of mouth by which James revealed his plans and his solicitudes, are intensely interesting. Not so much with The Ivory Tower; here the scenario is much concerned with names, with dates, with the spotting about of the scenes— Newport, or Boston, or Lenox? But in The Sense of the Past talk one sees how by touch after touch the novelist would probably have gone on obliterating the outline which had in conception such unusual sharpness and distinction. The Sense of the Past, however, is even in its present state infinitely more important than The Ivory Tower. In the latter James is probably attempting no more than the social study to which an earlier manner is better adapted; in the former he is reaching out, audaciously and unconquerably reaching out toward something Jamesian beyond James, something so difficult that one holds one's breath still at the terrifying risk of the experiment. In both books, however, the scenario is not only more interesting than the novel, but the novels themselves tend toward the scenario as their lawful form. The disappearance of conversation, noticeable in James's later novels, is more noticeable here; I do not mean disappearance of inverted commas, for the personages are often observed to be in vocal communication, but I mean that these personages are flooded by some awareness of the whole point as it is displayed to the author's mind before being realized by their actions. There is not, indeed, enough thickness of skin and skull between them; they are all playing up to their prevision of what the writer means. Their obedience to the author is represented rather by "influence" exerted upon them than by a common pulling of puppet-strings. As for the two "wonderful" young men, Ralph in The Sense of the Past and Graham in The Ivory Tower, the perception of Ralph's impecunious English relatives, and the perception of Graham's predatory American friends of the respective wonderfulness of these adolescents of thirty, seems an echo of the paternal fondness of the author, and only renders the two characters insipid. The Sense of the Past is one whole side of James— the side which connects him with Hawthorne, contrasted with the Turgenev side. The Sense of the Past might be compared with The Seven Gables or even the inferior Faun; and it might have been a finer novel. The trick—an influence emanating from, or started off by, a portrait—is an old one, but it was to have been used for a new purpose, and it might have been the pattern for a story which would have given James's final word on the civilized American. That curious "sense" so peculiarly American (none the less so because so rare even in America), so different from the political sense of the Faubourg Saint-Germain or the simpler land-tenure sense of the English, the sense apparent in touches of Hawthorne's Pyncheon family, is something which ought certainly to have been done by James. And here we should have had it in its most complex form, involved with an equally acute and imperative sense of the Present, a sense of the present becoming more articulate and pressing just as the past dominates, for it becomes thus a sense of the Future. The ghostly element here gives a substance to The Sense of the Past which is absent from The Ivory Tower; it provides the admirable scene between Ralph and the Ambassador, and its temporary departure makes tedious the interminable interview between Ralph and his Midmore relatives. It should, in the fulfilment, have been present here too: ## 4 THE EGOIST January 1918 The slow growth on the part of the others of the fear of Ralph, even in the midst of their making much of him, as abnormal, as uncanny, as not like, those they know of their own kind, etc. etc.; and his fear just of theirs, with his double consciousness, alas, his being almost as right as possible for the "period," and yet so intimately and secretly wrong. And there was to have been a masterly turn of the screw later (see p. 318 ff.) with the younger sister. The whole thing was so difficult as to be perhaps just within James's powers. The one scene with the Ambassador would seem to show that it was; this is a fragment torn from the edge of the impossible. Note.— Senor Gomez wishes to thank Miss Anna Louise Babson, of New York, for revising the English version of this review. "THE TURN OF THE SCREW" THE two posthumous novels were hailed as shedding, by their incompleteness, a new light on James's craftsmanship. There was a tendency to forget an already existing source of information—the prefaces of the Collected Edition. True, the notes with which The Ivory Tower terminates are contemporary, while in the prefaces he is surveying his work across the gulf of a generation. But one does not feel the prefaces would have been very different, if they had been written at the time. It is his practice to name in them the actual starting-point from which the conception of each story arose. Generally a very slight hint sufficed; which hint taken, facts ceased to matter at all. He positively shut himself away from them: "another grain would spoil the precious pinch." It seems most unlikely that he, more than any other narrator, was always able to distinguish between what came from outside and what had been evolved by his own imagination. Thus he derives The Turn of the Screw from a story dealing with "a couple of small children in an out-of-the way place, to whom the spirits of certain 'bad' servants, dead in the employ of the house, were believed to have appeared with the design of getting hold of them." It is not impossible that part of this plot emanated from the writer's own invention. For example, the "getting hold" of the children seems an idea that belongs more to James than to the British ghost-story. The Turn of the Screw was published a year after Maisie. The similarity between the two tales is evident: the exposure of childish innocence to adult contamination being the theme of both. The phrase "get hold of" occurs in connexion with Maisie herself. But even if we accept James's account of the origin of the story, it is blankly impossible to believe in his classification of it as "a fairy-tale pure and simple." The ghosts are a mere literary expedient for portraying in a vivid way the lasting character of the early corruption. They are "influences," lifted for dramatic purposes to a quasi-material plane. This device of substituting the concrete for the abstract is well illustrated by the Private Life, in which the public man literally and not metaphorically "has no home life." He simply ceases, in that fantastic tale, to have any existence whatever, unless he is facing an audience. Again, in his preface to The Turn of the Screw, James indignantly denies the charge of "indecently expatiating"; he claims that he has been "shy of specifications," has avoided "the comparative vulgarity inevitably attending—the cited act, the limited deplorable presentable instance." This is quite untrue. Whether indecently or no, he certainly expatiates. There is no mystery about the situation. Peter Quint, for example, was "supposed not to be quite in health," "there had been matters in his life—secret disorders, vices more than suspected—" etc. This statement is clear enough, and adds to the story the motif of Ibsen's Ghosts. Take Flora next. How, concretely, had she been corrupted? On page 290 there is a reference to her "appalling language"; which for a female seems "bad enough." Little Miles also "said things"—"to those he liked." Does James pretend that there are so many kinds of things one can be sacked from school for saying, that this passage leaves the reader free to fill in the "blank " as he pleases? It is reasonable to inquire why the author's own account of the story is so palpably lacking in candour. Those who knew him personally will probably be competent to decide. To the outsider it seems unlikely that he was either laughing at his readers or wilfully deceiving them. It is simpler to suppose that, like many great artists, he had no idea as to the hind of stuff he was producing. Cézanne was surprised that the Salon would not hang his pictures: James describes The Turn of the Screw as an amusette! To us, not handicapped by having written the story, it appears not to be essentially a ghost-story at all. It deals partly with the fact that children have an interior life, carefully hidden from their elders. . . . "She had picked up a small flat piece of wood which happened to have in it a little hole that had evidently suggested to her the idea of sticking in another fragment. . . . This second morsel . . . she was markedly and intently attempting to tighten in its place." How well, if one has lived with children or remembers being one, one knows that attitude of simulated concentration. How well one knows that "it's a game; it's a policy and a fraud," a ruse for seeing and hearing things that one is not meant to. The story is not Freudian: it does not deal with the "involuntarily suppressed" memories of infancy, but with experiences (common in this country, where children are in the charge of domestics) which are deliberately hidden from parents and relatives. The children may appear to be nothing that is not nice now as Mrs. Grose "lugubriously pleaded," but (such is James's thesis) beneath this mask of "absolutely unnatural goodness," of "more than earthly beauty," the old contamination lurks. It is this contamination which James materializes in the spooks of Peter Quint and Miss Jessel. Arthur Waley PASSING PARIS IT had been prophesied that a period of oblivion for his work would immediately ensue upon the death of Rodin. The denial of an official funeral, the scratch attendance at the humble ceremony granted, the comparative indifference of the Press and public to the conclusion of a career one of the most signal in modern France, would seem to be circumstances symptomatic of the oracle's realization, and oracles come true more often than not. Whatever the cause may be—general weariness or simply lack of mutual understanding and coordination of enthusiasm—the French people manifest difficulty, probably due more to hesitation than to aversion, in honouring those who serve them best, for Rodin and such as he have served their country. On the other hand, to certain men popularity accrues as constantly and as naturally as river flows into river. Rodin is given a dingy burial: one, a single and last, opportunity occurs to accord him public recognition, it is rejected, but M. Edmond Rostand may make as frequent living appearances as he chooses without boring two out of two thousand people. From patriotism, if not only from admiration, they will deliriously applaud him and his rhymes; that Kodin claimed regard on similar grounds, if not on similar ## January 1918 THE EGOIST 5 merits, occurred to an insignificant minority. Nowadays favour is more freely directed towards those who hoist themselves on to the pyramid of their country's glory than to those who have been its builders. * * * * The late Government played straight into M. Léon Daudet's hand when it took upon itself the public revelation of a letter privately addressed to the President. Had he himself managed the display it could not have been organized more entirely to M. Daudet's satisfaction. Léon Daudet, son of Alphonse, is one of an almost extinct species of journalist, common to France in days past before Anglo-Saxon "phlegm" had become fashionable, distinguished by an extreme violence of language which people should be intelligent enough to take at its proportionate value. When Daudet calls a man a spy, a villain, a traitor or what not, the term does not carry half the weight a much more moderate qualification would from, say, M. Maurice Barrés. As Mr. Ezra Pound repeats so excellently, all "Neos" are to be avoided, and M. Léon Daudet is several times "neo": "neo-monarchist," "neo-Catholic," "neo-nationalist," "neo-abuser of language." Conclusion: obvious. No one seems to know exactly whether the man acts upon convictions or whether he is a hysterical slanderer. He would probably have to be questioned publicly as to what he understands precisely by the terms he uses before any counter-judgment can be passed upon his own sentences upon others. As this will never occur he will continue to have both partisans and opponents. The most equitable manner of dealing with him, which would be equitable also towards those who are the victims of his intemperance, if only intemperance it is, would be to convict him upon that very intemperance. If the world were ruled by rules of good taste and propriety it would be more habitable. M. Daudet is supported—permanently by the one, incidentally by the other—by two men of great distinction of mind: M. Charles Maurras and M. Maurice Barrés. The former has not his peer among contemporary literary critics; the other, whatever he does or may do, cannot defame his past. Both are superb writers. Léon Daudet is superb in nothing. * * * * Captain Canudo's temporary presence in Paris, on convalescent leave from Macedonia, was celebrated by a "festival Montjoie." When this writer, now a brilliant officer in a regiment of "Zouaves," named his "gazette" after the war-cry of the kings of France he little thought he would have occasion for that practical realization which has brought him wounds, high military rank, and the Legion of Honour. An Italian by birth, the author of La Ville Sans Chef elected to fight in the army of France, whose idiom he has adopted in literature. An édition definitive appears (at Albin Michel's) of L'Enfer, by Henri Barbusse. This work, which is two books in one, is, in its way, a work of romantic inspiration. There are dissertations in it as unnatural, or extra-natural, as any in Lamartine's Raphaël, and, as Le Feu has proved to a greater number of readers than has L'Enfer, it, too, is written by a master-writer. Had M. Barbusse, when composing his dialogues, considered how he would have formed them for the stage, the enormous error into which he falls after the first few chapters—which forebode genius—might have been in great measure avoided. I believe one of his intentions in this creation was to expound the obscurity and solitude of sexual passion. Lamartine also entertained an arrière-pensée in Raphaël which was in the interests of free-love and feminism. A deliberate revival of the great Romantic's manner on a modern, naturalistic basis was M. Saint Georges de Bouhélier's La Route Noire, just given popular access in La Feuille Littéraire at 15 c, already referred to here in connexion with M. Montfort's essay on love—both works written at the age of twenty or thereabouts. *  * * The author of La Passion de Notre Frère le Poilu has completed some more resonant verses in the rich dialect of his native Anjou. This extract has been quoted by M. Laurent Tailhade from the collection entitled Les Souvenirs des Tranchées d'un Poilu: La boue ventous', la boue vampire Qui vous engoul', qui vous aspire'! I sembr, des foès, quand a vous prend, Qu' ça s'rait eun' bête et qu'a comprend, Et qu'a veut, après vous r'vanchée, Venger la Terr' qu'a trop souffert. La Terr' la pauv' terr' des tranchées, Blessé' d'partout, qu'est là couchée. Les trip' à l'air et 1' ventre ouvert, Tout écorchée, tout amochée, Terjous bêchée terjous piochée, Tout' massacrée par les poilus, Tout' lacérée par les obus Qui vers'ent des poésons dans ses plaies, Ses plaies mal fermées par des claies. Y a des jours, en regardant les trous De c'te pauv' Terr' tout' torturée, Que j'pense à la Terr' de cheuz nous Qu'est si gentiment labourée, Qu'est entret'nue avec tant d'soin; La Terr' tranquill', la Terre heureuse, Qu'est doue', qu'est boun', qu'est généreuse Pour chacun, suivant son besoin; La Terr' qui n'a point subi l'Boche; Où, qu'sus la paix des villag's blancs, Les vieux clouchers, toujours tremblants, Se renvoéy'nt des appels de cloches. . . . * * * * After M. Charles Maurras and several lesser critics M. André Germain writes about Renée Vivien, the Anglo-American girl who became a great French poet, closing a trinity with Racine and Baudelaire. Mme. Rachilde, for whom I have more admiration than love, writes war confessions for that untidy publication, La Vie, in which there is always something to be picked up. These notes, which she calls Dans le Puits ou La Vie Inférieure, contain both the charm and the tedium of personalities. This well is, as she says, only a tower upside down; needless to add, it is the well of truth "by descending which she has risen." I like Mme. Rachilde for not making the best of the war. And I like M. Emile Bernard, the painter-poet-critic, for writing, in the same paper, that Emile Degas lacked the genius which would have illuminated, warmed, and vivified the Siberia of his life and work, and that he was, perhaps, the last great artistic conscience who committed suicide from honesty. * * * * Concomitant with the vogue in Shakespeare is a craze in Beethoven. A recent "festival" devoted to the latter provoked enthusiasm such as no music has experienced for three long years. The public's craving for more and yet more of the greatest composer is an emphatic response to a certain critic's recent discovery that Beethoven had "no taste"! It was exactly this deficiency with which Shakespeare was taunted by Voltaire and others of the "tasteful" eighteenth century. M. C. NOW READY DIALOGUES OF FONTENELLE TRANSLATED BY EZRA POUND The Egoist, Ltd. Price Is. 3d. net; postage ## 6 THE EGOIST January 1918 A SORDID STORY WHEN Alphonse had been at Cambridge for some time, he began to work and row hard; the particular kinds of things he worked at filled him with enthusiasm, and he soon lost all wish to associate with girls for nearly four years. His life then reminded him of the first part of the second movement of Schubert's Symphony in C major. All seemed to be a regular, joyous march and comradeship. He made friends easily and took friendship seriously; so seriously that he spent nearly the whole of the Michaelmas term following the taking of his degree in reading AEschylus's Prometheus Bound and the Gospel according to St. Luke in the Greek with a much younger man—a certain Roderick Gregory— who was in his second year, but had hitherto failed to pass his Little-Go. Roddy had a coach—once a week—but had a cheery disinclination to work, coupled with a great susceptibilty to personal influence. The two were an odd pair; the one thin, not big, and dark; the other a huge, broad, fair-haired man, who showed his devotion by pretending to be a sort of guardian to the dark graduate. Alphonse was not of a saturnine disposition; he was rather cheerful on the whole. And he was useful in stopping Roddy's sentimental theories about personages in the New Testament. So when Roddy begged his fellow-lodger—they "kept" together in lodgings in Park Parade—to hear him translate AEschylus and St. Luke every morning, Alphonse said the necessary bad words under his breath, and, with the aid of a crib or of the Bible, spent half an hour every morning in keeping Roddy to the point, and off his favourite theory that Mary, the sister of Lazarus, was the only woman whom Jesus really loved, and in pointing out that, though that theory might interest the sort of person to whom Miss So-and-so's novels appeal, it would not get marks in the Little-Go. Well, Roddy passed the Little-Go that winter, and, in the Lent term, Roddy's mother and sister took a house in Cambridge for a short time. And, the next day after their arrival, Roddy took his sister for a walk, and brought her to tea at his lodgings. * * * * That afternoon was spent by Alphonse in the University Library, reading Quain's Dictionary of Medicine. He was not a medical student; he was reading it because he was a little frightened about some things he had noticed about his walking in the dark, or coming quickly down steps. And one day a medical student discovered that he lacked what is called a "knee jerk," and said something about a "form of ataxia." And then the student asked him about his parents, and seemed surprised when told that they behaved normally. But he did not tell the student of the tales current in his family about his grandfather, nor did he tell him about his father's last stroke, after which he had nursed him . . . often alone, he used to be glad to think . . . It begins when one is between twenty and thirty, said Quain; Alphonse was just over twenty-three. Perhaps in four or five years he would be thrown aside on the human rubbish-heap. And he had hardly begun to taste life. He sat quite still for about half an hour. Then four o'clock struck, the closing time of the library. He got up slowly, and stood for a minute with his hand on a bookshelf. He had noticed of late that the blood seemed to rush to his head when he got up after sitting for some time, and he felt giddy; besides, he felt insecure when walking at first—it wore off after a few steps. * * * * When he walked into the sitting-room of his diggings. Roddy was sitting over the fire, trying to persuade the kettle to boil, and a slim girl in black was sitting in one of the roomy, low, wicker work arm-chairs that are, by a sort of convention, in all Cambridge men's rooms. "Ah, here you are, old chap," said Roddy, "let me introduce my sister Beatrice." The girl rose; she was tall lor a girl, and about the same height as Alphonse. She had light hair and dark eyebrows and the most beautiful violet-coloured eyes Alphonse had ever seen. " Roddy has told us a lot about you," she said. "Really, I hope it's to my credit," he answered mechanically. "Oh," and she laughed, "very much so!" "Shall I make tea?" said Roddy cheerfully, without expecting an answer, and filled up the teapot. Alphonse sat down between them—he had pushed a chair so that he could hand cups and cake without getting up, for he had to think of these things now; and gradually the warmth of the fire and the tea and the friendliness of these two people made him forget his own trouble, and woke up his old spirit of alertness in conversation. Besides, he was very strongly attracted to Beatrice, and Beatrice clearly liked him. Beatrice was describing how she used to have a pet pig, and she called him Shakespeare, because he would be Bacon after his deat; and said that she had written an elegy on him, which, however, she couldn't remember. "That is a very inspiring subject," said Alphonse, and began to improvise. " You might say: Some comfort 'tis to us that you, my dear, Peerless in life, became in death a Peer; or Now mortal Shakespeare's roughly from us taken We still have left to us immortal Bacon. And soon all three enjoyed themselves. Roddy took no great part in the talk, but he beamed on the other two with kindly patronage. After some time he took out his watch. "Just time to see Beatrice home before Hall," said he; "come on Bee. Alphonso, come to lunch with us to-morrow. Tell the Mater he's coming, Bee." Beatrice rose to say good-bye. Quite forgetful of necessary precautions, Alphonse rose quickly. Then he staggered a little, clutched at the mantelpiece, and knocked over a small china ornament. The crash in the fender made Roddy turn round: he had been putting on his cap and gown and had not seen. But Beatrice had seen; and Alphonse saw that she had seen—and had thought that he was drunk. Alphonse saw an expression of horror pass over her face, and then one of disgust. The hand that she had stretched out to him when she began to say "Goodbye" dropped to her side, and she turned and walked out of the room without a word. "Well, so long, old chap,' said Roddy in the passage. "You see," he said to Beatrice, "Alphonso dines in Hall later, with the B.A.'s, and works alone after Hall; all mathematical men do. So I don't see him again usually after six. Got your brolly?" And the door banged, and the sound of their footsteps died away on the pavement outside. Alphonse's head was sunk on the mantelpiece between his hands. The fit of giddiness had passed, but he stayed like that for a minute. Then he looked up with wild, miserable eyes. His glance fell on his cap and gown, lying on the table. Earlier in the evening, Beatrice had tried them on: "Don't I look like Portia?" she had said; "the B.A, gown is much nicer than the ridiculous, short blue undergraduate's gown Roddy wears. And I believe he has taken all the mortar-board out of his cap, too!" And now there was a single golden hair in his cap. He took the hair out gently, and stroked it. . . . Then suddenly he jerked it into the fire and looked up. ## January 1918 THE EGOIST 7 His face was quite white, and his eyes frightened and desperate. "Only a few years more," he kept saying half aloud, and then put on his cap and gown quickly and mechanically. When he got outside he began to run across Midsummer Common. It was badly lighted then and he kept stumbling, but it was easier for him to run than to walk in the dark. And besides he need not think then . . . When he got to the stiles through which one goes from one of the paths across Midsummer Common to get on to the road which skirts the grounds of Jesus College, he stopped, leaning heavily with his hands on two of the cast-iron posts of the stile. He was breathing hard after his run, and he began to think and feel acutely. The night was raw and foggy, and a lamp by the fringe of the road gave a dim light through the fog; he could hear a drip, drip from the trees, and the slow rumble of the little stream that moves sluggishly round part of the grounds of Jesus; and he could feel the coldness of the raised crosswise ribbing on the top of the iron posts. Then a short, rather squat girl jumped quickly from the side of the path, and clutched his arm. "Can yer tell me what o'clock it is?" she giggled. Suddenly he went cold all over. Then, quite as suddenly, he went hot and spoke with an odious calm. "Time for you to be in bed." And she shrieked with vulgar merriment. Then he took her face between his hands, drew it near to his own, and peered into it. The distant lamp, shining dimly through the fog, half lighted a small round face, rather pretty in a vulgar sort of way, with a large mouth, thick lips, and widely opened bold dark eyes. The girl was scented strongly with musk. He kissed her on the lips, and just for a few moments she stood silent and still. "Come along," said he; and she hung awkwardly on his arm and walked with him. About fifty yards farther on, two girls passed them, going in the opposite direction. They stared at the man and the girl. Then one of them called out: "Keep tight 'old of 'im, Jenny; there's a prog at the corner!"; and they vanished, shrieking with laughter, into the fog. It never occurred to him to be ashamed; she was young and he was young; and her lips. . . . He could forget now. She dropped his arm, and ran rather clumsily in front. "I'll just see if there's a prog round the corner," said she; and she ran to the corner, looked round, and then waited for him underneath a street lamp. "It's aw ri'," said she as he came up. Then the light fell full on his face. "Wy, wot's the matter?" . . . and then as he took her arm, she showed terror for the first time. "No, no," she said shrinking back. "Yes, yes," he said, very low. She hesitated, and then tossed her head. "Aw ri', then," said she defiantly, "down to the other end of Jesus Lane." * * * * At half-past seven the next morning, Alphonse had a queer whim that he must go back to his digs exactly the same way that he had come. He had an appalling sense of loss, and his jaw felt almost paralysed, and it seemed to require constantly a great effort of will to prevent the lower jaw projecting and then moving upwards and backwards so as to lock his teeth together. There was nobody visible about Alphonse's lodgings as he walked in, went up to his bedroom, locked the door, and sat down on his bed to try to think things out. His landlady was bound to report to his tutor the fact that he had been out all night; and then there would probably be no chance of a Fellowship, and he might have to leave Cambridge with his work there only just begun. And his work seemed to him then the one abiding passion of his life. The blank future filled him with horror. . . . Suddenly there came a sharp knock at his door. Perhaps after all the landlady thought he had slept in his room all night. He dropped his head on the pillow, said "All right, thanks," in a sleepy and muffled voice, disarranged the bed, had a cold bath, and went down to breakfast. Downstairs Roddy was waiting. "Sorry, but—oh, good morning—I promised my sister to go out to breakfast with some friends of hers. And we have got to lunch with the Master—beastly nuisance; so come some other time, will you? " Roddy kept his back to the table, and looked out of the window. The last words he spoke as if he were getting red; he did not lie well. And he said "my sister." Yesterday Roddy would have said "Beatrice." Roddy was one of those men who use Christian names—even men's—with unnecessary and irritating frequency. There were very few men whom Alphonse could bear to call by their Christian names, but he loved to call women by their Christian names and to hear their brothers or husbands so call them: and if he thought the names ugly or unsuitable, he made up others. To say "my sister" instead of "Beatrice " seemed a small rebuff. There was a short silence. Then Roddy asked: "Where were you last night?" Alphonse hesitated, and then met lie with he: "I was at Wilson's of John's—twenty-firster." There seemed to be an unbridgeable chasm opening between them. "Don't know him; I know a Wilson of Jesus," said Roddy. For a moment Alphonse thought he had been trapped. "Damn you—," he began; and then stopped, angry with himself at having betrayed even so much. This explosion gave Roddy courage. "Drunk?" he queried. "Yes," lied Alphonse calmly. He liked Roddy to talk like this. "Then it's lucky I shut your bedroom door, and told the landlady you were in bed!" flung out Roddy, and walked from the room. Alphonse suddenly felt tender towards Roddy. Then he lifted the coffee-pot and the tin dish of bacon and eggs from the hearth, and although the eggs were covered with a tough, glassy substance, he ate quite a lot. * * * * About six o'clock that evening Roddy came in, and asked, in a quiet, friendly sort of voice: "Going to Hall?" "No." "Nor am I." After a minute, Alphonse stammered out: "Since this morning, I've wanted to tell you—I've wanted to tell you." And then he told him—some of it. * * * * "Tell you what, old man," said Roddy, "I'll ask Joe and Stephen to come round with me to-night and give that girl something on condition she goes into the country or something. I say, how much cash have you got?" "About thirty shillings," said Alphonse, smiling at Roddy's ideas of reform. "And I've got eighteen shillings. We'll give her —two pounds five!" Roddy's combined generosity and retrenchment made Alphonse smile again. Still Roddy got his main point, and promised to make certain inquiries and follow certain instructions. "You had better not go with us!" said he, so solemnly that Alphonse choked. At half-past seven, Roddy, Joe Mansfield, and ## 8 THE EGOIST January 1918 Stephen Bancroft came in. "No good," said Roddy, throwing the money down on the table, "she was there again, but she thought I was a prog and Joe and Stephen my two bulldogs, and fled." "Roddy, make some coffee for Mansfield and Bancroft. Back in half an hour," said Alphonse; and gathering up the money and his cap and gown, he went out into the night. He crossed Midsummer Common, keeping a sharp look-out for her. But he did not see her, and so he came to the house where she lived. When he knocked the door opened almost directly, and she whispered low and eagerly: "Oh, I was 'oping yer'd come. I . . . I . . . went out to look for y er, an' then I got frightened an' came 'ome to wyte!" There was an unshaded gas-flame in the passage, which lighted up harshly and cruelly the cheap, peeling, yellow marbled wall-paper, the bare and dirty passage and staircase, and, when she moved farther into the passage, her tear-stained face. . . . She showed him into her comfortless, untidy little room, half sitting-room, half bedroom, and divided in two by a ramshackle screen. The table was half covered by a dirty table-cloth, and there was a dry bit of cheese, a knife, half a loaf, a bottle of vinegar, and an unused plate and glass on it. There was an unshaded oil lamp, with a white glass reservoir, on the table, the windows were hidden by curtains of faded moreen, and in the fireless grate was a dusty bundle of white and gold paper strips. There was a look about the room as if it had been furnished by some one of the lower middle class, and then everything which was not either necessary or unsaleable had been stripped from it. . . . She hung on his arm, and looked up at him with the eyes of a spaniel who wanted a stick thrown for her to fetch. "I 'oped yer'd come," she said. A feeling of utter loathing came over him. She paused and tried to speak. ... At last broken sentences came. "It was Flo. She was my sister. Elder'n me. In a 'at shop she was. An' she told me wot . . . 'ow ... I swear you was the first." He had taken out the money, and now it dropped on the table and a sovereign rolled on to the floor. There was a greedy look in her eyes, but then she spoke in sudden fear. "Yer'll come back; yer '11 come back! I swear you was the first. I'll move to better lodgings if yer like." "I didn't know I was the first," he said wretchedly; "I can't mend things, but I'll try." She did not understand at first. She looked triumphant, and then her face fell, as she grasped the import of his haggard, miserable face. "Yer don't want ter!" she said sullenly, and moved away from him so that her face was in darkness. Then she seemed to make up her mind, and her voice sounded almost tender. "Yer weren't the first, then!" she said. And it was only years afterwards that he knew that she had lied to him. * * * * Perhaps it is not part of a very high code of morality merely to take care not to be the first to help to send a woman downwards; but Alphonse felt it honestly then. And when he came into his sitting-room, he felt an indescribable relief. The fire was burning brightly, the lights were full on, the blinds and curtains undrawn, and he could see the long procession of gas-lamps going along the Chesterton road and across the foot-bridge; Mansfield and Bancroft were gone and Roddy could be heard faintly through the doors practising his 'cello in his bedroom, and the coffee-pot was keeping warm in the hearth, and a packet of twenty-five gratis copies, in pale blue covers, of a paper he had published in the Quarterly Journal of Mathematics had arrived from Metcalfe's that afternoon. All his old passion for work came back to him with a rush. He stood for a minute and looked down at the cosy room and the pleasant chairs and books, and repeated to himself the only line of Browning which drew him to that author: "I know so well what I mean to do when the long dark evenings come." It was not particularly appropriate, for spring was coming now. He felt curiously light-hearted. First he addressed ten newspaper wrappers to friends, rolled up ten copies of his paper, and then fastened the wrappers. Then he drank coffee. Then—leaning slightly on the back of a chair—he returned to his desk—the 'cello had stopped—and wrote far into the morning. You will remember that there is a sudden break in the second movement of Schubert's C major Symphony, and, for a space, the old march seems dead and unremembered. But soon, at first hesitatingly, it comes back. J. ELIZABETHAN CLASSICISTS By Ezra Pound V THERE is a certain resonance in Certain Bokes of Virgiles AEnaeis by Henry Earl of Surrey (apud Ricardum Tottel, 1557). They whisted all, with fixed face attent When prince iEneas from the royal seat Thus gan to speak, O Queene, it is thy will, I should renew a woe can not be told: How that the Grekes did spoile and overthrow The Phrygian wealth, and wailful realm of Troy, Those ruthful things that I myself beheld, And whereof no small part fel to my share, Which to expresse, who could refraine from teres, What Myrmidon, or yet what Dolopes? What stern Ulysses waged soldiar? And loe moist night now from the welkin falles And sterres declining counsel us to rest. Still there is hardly enough here to persuade one to reread or to read the Mneid. Besides, it is so "Miltonic." Tho. Phaer, Docteur of Phisike in 1562, published a version in older mould, whereof this tenebrous sample: Even in ye porche, and first in Limbo iawes done Wailings dwell And Cares on couches lyen, and Settled Mindes on vengeans fell Diseases leane and pale and combrous Age of dompishe yeres As Scillas and Centaurus, man before and beast behind In every doore they stampe, and Lyons sad with gnashing sound And Bugges with hundryd heades as Briary, and armid round Chimera fightes with flames and gastly Gorgon grim to see, Eneas sodenly for feare his glistering sword out toke. He uses inner rhyme, and alliteration apparently without any design, merely because they happen. Such lines as For as at sterne I stood, and steering strongly held my helme do not compare favourably with the relatively free Saxon fragments. But when we come to "The XIII BUkes of Eneados of the famose Poète Virgill, translatet out of Latyne verses into Scottish metir by the Reverend Father in God Mayster Gawin Douglas, Bishop of Dunkel, unkil to the Erie of Angus every book having hys particular prologe" (printed in 1553),* we have to deal with a highly different matter. The battellis and the man I will discrive Fra Troyis boundis, first that fugitive * Written about 1512.## January 1918 THE EGOIST 9 By fate to Italie, came coist lauyne Over land and se, cachit with meikill pyne By force of goddis above, fra every stede Of cruel Juno, throw auld remembrit feid Grete payne in battelles, sufferit he also Or he his goddis, brocht in latio And belt the ciete, fra quham of nobil fame The latyne peopil, taken has thare name. His commas are not punctuation, but indicate his caesurae. Approaching the passage concerning the "hundryd headed Bugges" of Dr. Phaer, Douglas translates as follows: Frra thine strekis the way profound anone Depe unto hellis flude, of Acherone With holebisme, and hidduous swelth unrude Drumly of mude, and skaldand as it war wode. Thir riueris and thir watteris kepit war Be ane Charone, ane grisly ferrear Terribyl of schape, and sluggard of array Apoun his chin feill, Chanos haris gray. I am inclined to think that he gets more poetry out of Virgil than any other translator. At least he gives one a clue to Dante's respect for the Mantuan. In the second book AEneas with the "traist Achates" is walking by the sea-board: Amid the wod, his mother met them tuay Semand and made, in vissage and array With wappinnis, like the Virginis of spartha Or the stowt wensche, of trace Harpalita Haistand the hors, her fadder to reskewe Spediar than hebroun, the swift flude did persew. For Venus efter the gys, and maner thare Ane active bow, spoun her schulder bare As sehe had bene, ane wilde huntreis With wind wafnng, hir haris lowsit of trace. This is not spoiled by one's memory of Chaucer's allusion. Goyng in a queynt array As she hadde ben an hunteresse, With wynd blowynge upon hir tresse; Douglas continues: Hir skirt kiltit, till her bare knee And first of other, unto them, thus speike sehe. From AEneas' answer, these lines: Quhidder thou be diane, phebus sister brycht Or than sum goddis, of thyr Nymphyis kynd Maistres of wod dis beis to, us happy and kynd Relief our lang travel], quhat ever thow be. And after her prophecy: Vera incessu patuit dea. Thus sayd sehe, and turned incontinent Hir nek schane, like unto the Rose in may Hir heuinly haris, glitterand bricht and gay Kest from her forehead, ane smell glorious and sueit Hir habit fell doune, covering to her feit And in hir passage, ane verray god did her kyith And fra that he knew, his moder allwith. But Venus with ane sop, of myst baith tway And with ane dirk cloud closit round about That na man suld tham se. . . . Hir self op lyft, to paphum past swyth To vesy her resting place, joly and blyth There is ther tempill, in Cipirland Quharin thare dois ane hundreth altaris stand Hait burning full of saba, sence all houris Ane smelland swete, with fresch garland and flouris. Caxton's Virgil (1490) is a prose reduction of a French version. The eclogue beginning Tityrus, happilie thou lyste, tumbling under a beech-tree is too familiar to quote here. The celebrated distych: All trauellers doo gladlie report great praise of Vlysses For that he knewe manie mens manners, and saw many citties is quoted by Wm. Webbe in 1586, as a perfect example of English quantity, and ascribed to "Master Watson, Fellow of S. John's," forty years earlier. If Master Watson continued his Odyssey there is, alas! no further trace of it. Conclusions after this reading: (1) The quality of translations declined in measure as the translators ceased to be absorbed in the subject-matter of their original. They ended in the "Miltonian" cliché, in the stock and stilted phraseology of the usual English verse as it has come down to us. (2) This "Miltonian" cliché is much less Milton's invention than is usually supposed. (3) His visualization is probably better than I had thought. The credit due him for developing the resonance of the English blank verse paragraph is probably much less than most other people have until now supposed. (4) Gawine Douglas, his works, should be made accessible by reprinting. (5) This will probably be done by some dull dog, who will thereby receive cash and great scholastic distinction. POEMS By Leigh Henry For R. Herdman Pender TAE-KWAE THE wild geese fade in the distance . . . . . . faint scent of dead leaves from the orchard. . . . Her palanquin waits at the gate. BROKEN TRYST She waits by the fountain, alone in the silent garden; motionless hang her trailing silken sleeves. The crouching bronze dragons are mirrored in the water; their black fangs gleam between the floating leaves. TSUYA DREAMS The plum-blossom sways on the branches . . . . . . her fingers trail through the water. . . . The goldfish gleam in the depths. . . . ENNUI Great yellow roses hang heavily upon their stems in the sun-dappled shadowy arcades . . . . . . pale princesses, in shimmering silken dresses that brush the dew from the long tangled blades^ move past massed flower-beds, with drooping heads beneath their golden diadems . . . past the great copper gates the white road twines, over grey cliffs half-hidden in whirling surf, through the wind-crushed turf; . . . and in the distance, where the water shines, move many-coloured sails . . . wide steps of marble, where fallen leaves, like tarnished metal, lie, lead upward to the empty terraces, where, under the cypresses, dark against the sky, lonely white peacocks walk with trailing tails. . . . ## 10 THE EGOIST January 1918 SHORT REVIEWS THE FORTUNE. By Goldring. Maunsell and Co. 5s. net. IT is usually presumed that a moral or political motive is a detriment to a novel, but here is evidence that the question cannot be stated in such simple terms. For Mr. Goldring's book would be called definitely propagandist; it is a pacifist novel; and it is a novel with brilliant things and weak things in it. But the weakest things are not the propagandist things. Goldring has a definite point of view toward the war which is exposed in the second part of the book, and probably his conviction here gives him an interest in what he is doing which holds this part of the book together. The first half of the book is boring. It is a hasty biography of a young Pendennis from the time of leaving school up to his establishment as a successful playwright at the beginning of the war; it is chiefly a notebook of the author's own intellectual development and a catalogue of all the shams he got tired of between schooldays and maturity. It is not unintelligent, but it is unimportant, and it is not literary art. James, the hero, or rather the hero's hero (cf. George Warrington), the strong cynical enemy of nonsense, is unfortunately also Mr. Goldring's hero, and therefore rather wooden. He is real only as he is seem through the eyes of the high life into which Harold (the Pendennis, the admirer of James) marries. Harold's wife has a friend, Gwen, who remarks of James: There's no getting away from it that Murdoch is an out-and-out bad man. ... It is unfortunate that poor, dear Harold should have fallen so completely under his domination. I always thought there was something uncanny about it. . . . It's my belief the man used hypnotic influence. . . . James at once lives, and he lives also in the admiration of Harold. This, and the character of Harold's wife, are extremely well done. There is a remarkably well-sustained chapter on Harold's sensations and ideas in the trenches. But the most successful part of the book is the presentation of the mind of English Society in August 1914; a telling and restrained satire. Very often in the writing there is a sentence too much; but this is unquestionably a brilliant novel. Summer. By Edith Wharton. Macmillan and Co. 6s. net. Even Mrs. Wharton's parerga have importance, and this parergon, a very brief novel, offers interest as a work in a curious kind of satire which Mrs. Wharton has made her own; and just the kind of satire, it may be remarked, that her literary training and sympathies might have made most difficult for her. The book is, in fact—or should be—the death-blow to a kind of novel which has flourished in New England, the novel in which the wind whistles through the stunted firs and over the granate boulders into the white farmhouses where pale gaunt women sew rag carpets. Mrs. Wharton does the trick by a deliberate and consistent realism, by refraining from the slightest touch of irony, by suppressing all evidence of European culture. She even allows herself to be detected in just the slight smile of an inhabitant of Boston (where the type of novel in question is read) at the name of the Honorius Hatchard Memorial Library, 1838, in the village of North Dormer. The young man comes up from the city (Springfield), Charity gives him all she has, and the young man returns to marry Annabel Balch of Springfield. The scene of the county fair at Nettleton is one of unrelieved horror. This novel will certainly be considered "disgusting" in America; it is certain that not one reader in a thousand will apprehend the author's point of view. But it should add to Mrs. Wharton's reputation as a novelist the distinction of being the satirist's satirist. ALFRED DE VIGNY ON THE ART OF THE STAGE IT does not seem impossible that the none-too-well-known theories held by the poet Alfred de Vigny on dramatic art, though a century old, will be of interest to-day. Alfred de Vigny shares this peculiarity with George Bernard Shaw that he wrote prefaces to his plays no less important and arresting than the plays that called for them. But the difference distinguishing Alfred de Vigny from Bernard Shaw distinguishes also plays and prefaces. The preface to Chatterton is one of the finest pieces of thinking and writing in the world; his " Reflexions on truth in art," which prefaced Cinq-Mars; the "Letter on a Dramatic System to Lord —," prefacing his translation of Othello, which enlightens on errors of the past and warns against errors in the future, probe as far as any dramatic criticism has ever done since. They should be universally familiar. When Alfred de Vigny translated Othello the French knew this masterpiece through the agency merely of an emasculated translation in monotonous, rhymed Alexandrines by a certain zealous Ducies who had the impudence to omit Iago from the dramatis personam" As well omit the Serpent from the Book of Genesis," said Vigny. This ridiculous expurgation responded to a prevalent fear of marked characterization which expressed itself in a taste for attenuation and a singular prudishness which Alfred de Vigny illustrates in his letter on a dramatic system by various incredible instances. No one had dared translate Shakespeare—for the French suspected him of a barbarous ruggedness violating their laws of art and taste in the appropriate spirit "in which each character speaks according to his peculiar nature, passing, in art as in life, from customary simplicity to impassioned exaltation, from récitatif to song," and which it is to Alfred de Vigny's honour to have introduced. Although Vigny's faithful translation, so new to the Parisians, was enthusiastically received by them, the prudishness of which he complains, but which he had thought nearly obsolete, suddenly revived on his account so late as 1848 when the censor put an abrupt end to a run of most successful performances of his exquisite little play Quitte pour la Peur, which is of the family of Marivaux, Sheridan, and Goldsmith. The theme is no more scabrous than that of Candida, but was pronounced a violation of morality by the Government authorities. This in France, the home of Brantôme and Laclos. Alfred de Vigny did not, therefore, follow up his intention never to use the theatre for the expression of his own ideas, as he stated in the following preface. Quitte pour la Peur, in its way, and Chatterton, in another way, each express ideas. Some slight omissions have been made from the translation of the "Letter to Lord —," passages not of direct interest to the foreign reader, and whose absence does not disturb the lines of the thesis developed, while relieving it of weight unnecessary here. Muriel Ciolkowska ALFRED DE VIGNY'S LETTER TO LORD — On the Performance of October 24, 1829, and on a Dramatic System You make a great mistake if you think that France is occupied with me, she who to-day hardly remembers Emperor Nicholas's conquest over the decrepit Empire of the Turks, which conquest dates from yesterday. I have had my evening, my dear Lord —, and that is all. One evening decides the exist- ## January 1918 THE EGOIST 11 ence or the destruction of a tragedy, it is even, I assure you, all its life; for if you examine the question closely you will find that one hour before it was everything, one hour after, nothing. And this is the reason: A tragedy is a thought which is suddenly metamorphosed into a machine; as complicated a mechanism as was the machine of Marly, of royal memory, of which you have seen some beams floating on mud. This mechanism is put into action at great expense of time, ideas, words, gestures, painted cardboard, canvases, and embroidered draperies. A great multitude comes to see it. When the evening has arrived, a button is pressed, and the machine works alone for about four hours: words fly, the gestures are made, the cardboard works backwards and forwards, the curtain goes up and down, the draperies are unfolded, and in all this medley the ideas do their best; and if, by great luck, nothing goes wrong, at the end of four hours the same person presses the same button, and the machinery stops. Every one retires, all is said. The next day the multitude is exactly half as numerous and the machine begins to stiffen. A little wheel or a lever is changed, it rolls on a certain number of times more; after which friction wears out the parts, which become disjointed and creak in the hinges. After a certain number of evenings more, the machine having always declined in quality, and the multitude in quantity, its action suddenly comes to a stop. That is more or less the fate of all ideas reduced to a dramatic mechanism, and usually named tragedies, comedies, drama, opera, etc. etc., and there is not a student in Paris but can tell you within a couple of days how often this or that one can work consecutively; this one a hundred times, it is, they say, the maximum; the other six; this one more often, that one less. It cannot, therefore, be denied that to produce a tragedy is nothing more than to prepare an evening, and the true title is the date of the performance. According to this theory, instead of As You Like It as Shakespeare wrote, I, in his place, being embarrassed for a title would have headed the play "January 6th, 1600." And as far as I personally am concerned, The Moor of Venice is called "October 24th, 1829." To-day the noise is over, the fireworks are extinguished. I won't hide from you that when this idea struck me like a flash of light I found the preparation for this kind of evening "somewhat very long," as our great Molière says so often. For instance, to arrange this 24th of October I had, to my great regret, to leave off working at a history, or the history (as you like), after the manner of Cinq-Mars, which I was occupied with to amuse myself or, if I can, amuse little children. This interruption was a sacrifice. But it was necessary. I had something urgent to tell the public, and the machine I spoke to you about is the quickest agent. It is, really, an excellent method for addressing some three thousand persons assembled together without their being able in any way to avoid hearing what one has to say. A reader disposes of all kinds of reasons for defending himself against us; he can, for instance, throw his book into the fire or out of the window: there is no known repression against the expression of indignation, but with the spectator one is much stronger: once in he is caught as in a trap and he will find it difficult to make an exit if his neighbours are ill-tempered, and noise is found disturbing. There are seats where he cannot even reach his handkerchief. In this state of contradiction and suffocation he must listen. When the evening is over three thousand intelligences have been filled with your ideas. Is not that a marvellous invention? Now this is the sum of what I had to say to these intelligences on the 24th of October, 1829: "A simple question waits for a solution. Here it is. Is the French stage open to a modern tragedy producing: in its conception, a broad view of life, instead of the narrow picture of a plot: in its composition, characters instead of parts, calm scenes without drama, mingled with comic and tragic scenes: in its execution, a familiar style, comic, tragic, and sometimes epic? "To solve this threefold query an invented tragedy would not answer the purpose because, at a first performance, the public, concentrating its attention on the plot, progresses blindly and, being ignorant of its general scheme, fails to understand the reason for the variations of style. "A novel theme has not the authority requisite to concentrate execution equally new, and necessarily succumbs under double censure; worthy attempts have proved it. "A new work only shows that I have invented either a good or a bad tragedy; but disputes are bound to arise on the point as to whether it is a satisfactory example of the system to be established, and these disputes would be interminable for us, the only arbiter being posterity. "Posterity having pronounced at Shakespeare's death the words which make the great man; therefore, one of his works constructed on the system in which, I believe, is the only satisfactory example. "Being, this first time, only preoccupied with the question of style I chose a work consecrated by several centuries and all nations. "I submit it, not as a model for our time, but as the demonstration of a foreign monument, erected by the most powerful hand that ever wrote for the stage, and according to the system I consider suited to our period, exempting the differences the progress in the general mind have introduced in philosophy and science, in a few stage customs and in chastity of speech. "Listen, this night, to the language which I think should be that of modern tragedy in which each character speaks according to his peculiar nature, passing, in art as in life, from customary simplicity to impassioned exaltation; from récitatif to song." Such was the object of this, on my part and in spite of its success, entirely disinterested enterprise; for it is possible that, after having touched, tried and examined, that hundred-voiced instrument called the theatre with a Shakespeare prelude, I shall never use it for the expression of my own ideas. Dramatic art is too active not to disturb the poet's meditations; apart from that it is the narrowest of arts; bound in the scope of its philosophic possibilities owing to the impatience of the audience and the restrictions of time, it is limited by all kinds of impediments. The heaviest are those of dramatic censure which always prevents the sounding of the characters on whom the whole of modern civilization rests—the priest and the king: these may only be sketched in, which is unworthy of every serious man feeling the need to fathom to its very foundations everything he approaches. I do not take into account the innumerable and obscure resistances which must be overcome when but a transitory result is desired. This modest translation of mine, which was announced as such, and is as inoffensive as are all my writings, has been tried by so many obstacles and of such unexpectedness, that I still ask myself through what miracle it has obtained success. And yet the evening of the 24th of October consecrated it. The fact that a dozen more such followed it, that there are others to come, is of little consequence; from what I have told you those are supplementary evenings. Since the success of a tragedy assumes the shape of a mermaid, desinit in piscem mulier formosa superne, that its fish's tail begins to lessen from the waist downwards, or above, or below, the difference is immaterial; the question ## 12 THE EGOIST January 1918 is, will it continue to swim and if, having dived, as is the custom, it will reappear on the surface. As this belongs to the future, and only affects myself and about it general gestion, I have nothing to say Let us speak about the public. Let us, for once, do justice to it, for it has eloquently manifested that it desired to hear and see that truth for which all strong men fight in all arts to-day. I do not know who is the public unless it is the majority, and it wants what we want. Something told me its hour had come, and I have long been waiting to hear it ring. Routine has withdrawn itself a hundred times, that routine which is an evil often afflicting our country, and which is opposed to art which depends on movement while routine depends on immobility. There is no country where there are more people in literature and the arts nailed to the same spot than in ours, which you think so mobile. [The actual word in the French text is légers.] Yes, great France is sometimes neglectful and in all things slumbers oft; that is a good thing for the world's repose for, when she awakens, she invades or fires it with her light; but the remainder of the time she too often receives political direction from the most incapable, and intellectual direction from the most ordinary. Now and again the healthy and active majority of the public feels the necessity to march forward, and claims men ready to advance; but nearly always a crowd of crippled, lazy minds holding hands form a chain which impedes and envelops it; their soporific galvanism extends, stupefying it, so it lies down with them and falls asleep for a long time. These invalids (good people nevertheless) like to hear to-day what they heard yesterday: the same ideas, expressions, sounds; every novelty seems ridiculous to them; everything uncustomary barbarous; tout leur est aquilon ["everything is hurricane to them," a quotation from La Fontaine]. Being debilitated and delicate, being accustomed to gentle, lukewarm draughts, they cannot endure generous wines; it is these I have endeavoured to cure, for their palor and feebleness excites my compassion. Sometimes I have hurt them to the point of making them scream; but, owing to some calming potions specially designed for them, they are now in much better health; I will occasionally keep you informed as to their condition. Let us forsake the puerile question of the performances about which I spoke to you lightly as a topic of light significance. We may sometimes smile in speaking about men, but we must never do so when dealing with ideas. We will speak about systems in general and, in particular, about the system of dramatic reform. It is inconceivable how, through the misrepresentation of words, this word-system is misinterpreted. System means, by its root and if my memory in Greek does not deceive me, order, the connexion of principles and consequences forming a doctrine or dogma. Any man who has ideas and does not connect them into a system of unity is an incomplete man; his production will be vague; if he brings forth anything acceptable it will be due to chance and as it were, by fits and starts; his advance will be testy as though in a fog. Observe, on the other hand, how a new thought which has germinated in a well-organized brain will multiply and become coordinated in the most admirable fashion and in a single moment, the heat and continuous activity of a powerful mind causing it to ripen rapidly; being boldly fecundated it gives birth, in its turn, to uninterrupted generation of thoughts resembling it and entirely depending from it. Involuntary as is the poet's inspiration, it will often carry him along, unknown to him and without his realizing it, in a succession of ideas forming an unbroken system, a perfect co-ordination, without which he would be nothing, he would not even be. Therefore I think that such a man, who may appear quite instinctive to you and unable to write a theory on his own works, so soon as the intoxication of enthusiasm has passed —a man who might swear he had no system—is more dependent on system than any other man, precisely because he does not know himself, has not analysed the system carrying him along, and is not free to destroy it to construct a second superior to the first. The history of the world is but that of several systems in action, and each of these systems being reduced to its primary thought, the history itself might be reduced to a score of ideas at most. Not a great man, be he man of action or of intellect, but has founded and carried out a system; with this difference, that the man of intellect is far superior to the other in so far that he lives with his ideas, rules with his ideas, and exposes them unadorned, pure of contact with life, free from its accidents, and indebted to them for nothing; while the other, soldier or legislator, being thrown into an ocean of circumstances, thrust here by one wave, there by another, carried along by a current which he would turn to his advantage, changes his course twenty times, forgetting the principle he wanted to bring to light, and often sacrificing convictions to fortune. The word being thus justified, let us return for its application to the two dramatic systems occupying certain minds, the one by its agony, the other by its birth. I would follow the order established above and speak first and foremost of the composition of works. Thanks be to Heaven the old tripod of the unities on which Melpomene used to sit, with little ease sometimes, preserves but the one solid basis of which it cannot be deprived: unity of interest in the development. [The French classical theory exacted that a play should follow sequence of time and place: one plot, one place, one period; this observance was called "the three unities."] One smiles with pity in reading from one of our authors: "The spectator remains but three hours at the play; the plot must therefore not last more than three hours." You might as well say: The reader reads such a poem or novel in four hours; the plot must, therefore, not last more than four hours. This sentence sums up all the errors that are due to the foregoing one. But it does not suffice to have freed oneself from these heavy impedimenta; the narrow spirit which engendered them must also be effaced. Consider, first and foremost, that in the system which has just died out every tragedy was a catastrophe and the solution of a situation which was already ripe at the raising of the curtain, holding only by a thread and ready to drop. To this is due the mistake in French tragedy which strikes you and all foreigners: this parsimony in scenes and developments, the false delays, and then the haste to finish mingled with the fear, making itself nearly everywhere felt, that there will not be enough material to go round the five acts. Far from diminishing my esteem for the men who have adhered to this system, this consideration increases it, for each tragedy required a prodigious turn of hand and much ruse to hide the poverty to which the author was condemned; it was like trying to rise and to stretch the last rag of an otherwise lost and wasted purple for covering. The dramatic poet of the future will not proceed thus. First, he will take an ample handful of time and whole lives will be enacted therein; he will create man not as a species but as an individual, which is the only way of interesting humanity; he will let his creatures lead their own lives and will only throw into their hearts such germs of passion as prepare great events; then, when the hour will have rung, and only then, and without one's feeling that his finger has hastened it, he will show fate knotting inextricable and innumerable knots around its victims. ## January 1918 THE EGOIST 13 Then, far from finding his characters too small for their space he will groan, and cry out that they lack air and space; for art shall be quite similar to life, and in life a man's action involves a whirl of necessary and innumerable events. Then the author shall find in his characters a sufficient number of heads to propagate all his ideas, enough of hearts to beat under all his sentiments, and his soul will make itself apparent in every part of his work. Mens agitat molem. I am just: everything was harmonious enough in the late system of tragedy; but everything was equally in agreement in the feudal and theocratic system and yet it is no more. To carry out a long catastrophe which had body only because it was swollen, parts had to be substituted for character; abstractions of passion personified took the place of men; now nature has never produced a family of men, an entire house in the sense of the ancients (domus) where father and sons, masters and servants were equally sensible to, and moved to an equivalent degree by the same event, throwing themselves into it wholeheartedly, taking seriously and in good faith the most obvious surprises and pitfalls, experiencing solemn satisfaction, pain or indignation; preserving the one sentiment which animated them at the first phase of the event until its climax, occupied with but one business, that of beginning a plot and delaying it without ceasing to speak about it. Thus in tales leading nowhere, with characters going nowhere, speaking of little with no definite ideas and vague terms, somewhat agitated by mitigated sentiments, calm passions, and gradually attaining a graceful death or a false sigh. O vain phantasmagoria! Shadows of men in the shadow of nature! Empty kingdoms! . . . Inania regna! And it could only be with the force of their genius or skill that the greatest of each period have succeeded in throwing some light on this shade, in defining a few beautiful forms in this chaos; their works were magnificent exceptions, they were mistaken for the rule. The remainder have fallen into the common ditch of this wrong road. It is, however, not impossible that there still are men able to speak this language well. In the fifteenth century discourses were written in Latin which were highly estimated. For my part I believe it would not be difficult to prove that the power which retained us so long in this world of convention, that the muse of this inferior art was the muse of Politeness. Yes, it was certainly she. She alone was empowered to banish at the same time true as well as coarse characters, simple as well as trivial language, the ideality of philosophy and the passions as extravagance, and poetry as incongruity. Politeness, though a child of the courts, was and ever will be levelling, it effaces and smoothes down everything; its motto is "neither too high nor too low." It does not hear Nature crying from everywhere to genius as did Macbeth: "Come high or low!" Man is exalted or simple; otherwise he is false. The poet of the future will realize, therefore, that to show man as he is is sure to move. Verily I have no need to seize at once the always foreseen thread of the plot, to take an interest in a truthfully drawn character; I am already moved by the image of any of God's creatures. And this because it is, because I recognize it by its walk, its language, its manner, for a living being thrown into this world as I have been, as food for fate; but this being must be, or I break with him. Let him not try to appear what the nurse of politeness in her falsely noble idiom calls a "hero." Let him not try to be more than a man for otherwise he will be far less; let him act according to the mortal heart and not according to the imagined representation of an ill-imagined character, for it is then that the poet truly deserves the name of "phantom imitator whom Plato would expel from his Republic." It is, especially, in the details of style that you will be able to judge the manner of the polite school we find so completely dull to-day. I do not think a foreigner can even understand the degree of artifice attained by certain of our versificators for the stage— I cannot call them poets. To give you an instance in a hundred thousand, when one wanted to say spy, one said, like Ducis: "Those mortals whose vigilance the State rewards." You realize that nothing but extreme politeness towards the corporation of spies could have given birth to so elegant a periphrase, and that all such mortals who, peradventure, happened to be in the audience, must necessarily have felt much obliged. A natural style, moreover, for you do not easily conceive that a king, instead of saying simply to the chief of police: "Send a hundred spies to the frontier" should say: "My Lord, send a hundred mortals whose vigilance is rewarded by the State." That is noble, polite, and harmonious. Many authors and mostly skilful ones—the one whom I have quoted was so—have been carried along by this desire to attain what is called harmony, seduced by the example of a great master who only dealt with classical themes where the Latin and Greek phrase was suitable. Through the desire to preserve they have debased, obliged, as they were, by the changes which carried them along in spite of themselves to deal with modern subjects, they have used language imitated from the classical (and not even purely classical); thence has emanated this style in which each word is an anachronism, where Chinese, Turks, and Red Indians speak in classical circumlocution. The harmony sought for is applicable, I should think, to poetry rather than to drama. The lyrical poet may chant his lines, I believe even he ought to do so, carried away as he is by his inspiration. To him may be applied this dictum: Poetry by lyre bred, Should be sung and not read. But a drama will never show anything but a number of characters grouped together to discuss their affairs; they should, therefore, speak. The simple, open récitatif of which Molière is the leading example in our language, should be written for it; when passion or grief shall animate their hearts then let the lines rise for a moment to the sublime movements of sentiment which seem like a song while raising the soul in us! Has not each man in his habitual speech, pet terms, customary words which are due to his education, his profession, his tastes, learnt at home and inspired by his natural preferences or aversions, by his nature, be it sour, choleric, or nervous, dictated by a cold or passionate temper, a calculating or a candid heart? Does he not make favourite comparisons and would not a friend recognize him by his vocabulary, by the turn of his phrase, without even hearing his voice? Must each character use the same words, the same metaphors as the rest? No, he must be concise or diffuse, neglectful or on his guard, prodigal or avaricious of epithet according to his nature, his age, his inclinations. Molière never failed to put those firm, frank touches which are taught by close observation; and Shakespeare does not emit a proverb or an oath without reason. But neither of these great men could have framed true language in the epic metre of our tragedies; or, had they, for their misfortune, adopted it, they would have had to disguise the word under a cloak of périphrase or the mask of the classical term. It is a circle whence no power could have extricated them. . . . ## 14 THE EGOIST January 1918 Can you believe, you English, you who know what words are used in Shakespeare, that the muse of French tragedy took ninety years to make up her mind to say out loud " a pocket-handkerchief," she who said "dog" and "sponge" quite openly? The stages through which she passed, with amusing prudishness and embarrassment, are as follows: In the year 1732 Melpomene, at the marriage celebrations of a virtuous Turkish lady . , . needing her pocket-handkerchief, but not daring to pull it out of the pocket of her paniers, drew out a letter instead. In 1792, Melpomene again needed this same handkerchief for the hymen of a Venetian. . . . This time, now thirty-seven years ago, Melpomene was on the point of taking this handkerchief; but. either because in those days it was still too daring to appear with a handkerchief, or that more luxury was exacted, she did not hesitate, but put a tiara of diamonds on her head which she even kept on in bed for fear of appearing in too marked négligé. In 1820, French tragedy, at last frankly giving up its nickname Melpomene, translating from the German, had again to deal with a handkerchief over the will of a certain Queen of Scotland; she was actually brave enough to pull it forth, hold it in her hand before every one, frown and call it out loud: "web" and "gift." This meant a great step forward. At last, in 1829, thanks to Shakespeare, the big word has been uttered, to the terror and fainting of the feeble who threw forth long and dolorous cries of protest, but to the gratification of the public who, taken on the whole, are accustomed to call a handkerchief a handkerchief. The word has made its entry: absurd triumph. Will all genuine words want a century each to find their way to the stage? At last this prudishness provokes laughter. Thanks be to God, the poet will be able to follow his inspiration as freely as in prose, and run over the whole scale of his ideas without fearing to feel the steps give way under him. We are not fortunate enough to be able to mingle prose with blank and rhymed verse; you in England may play on these three octaves and obtain a harmony which cannot be procured in French. To translate it, it was necessary to distend the Alexandrine to the most familiar negligence (récitatif), and then raise it to the highest lyricism (song); it is this I have attempted. Prose when rendering epic passages has the great fault— apparent especially on the stage—of appearing inflated, stiff, and melodramatic, while verse, being more elastic, adapts itself to all forms: when it takes wing it does not surprise; for when it walks one realizes it can also fly. You are a little younger than I and far more timid. Do not be more particular about what you call my name than I am myself. I am not ashamed to have made this translation though I suffered somewhat from the limits I had imposed upon myself: after all, if the work lives it means one more diamond in the French treasure, a rough diamond, if you will, but having its price, were it only for having given us a portrait of Iago, the Iago who had been removed from betwixt Othello and Desdemona. Just as well take the Serpent out of the Book of Genesis. Our period is one of, at once, renascence and rehabilitation; I do not contend that the new law shall not perish; it will pass away with us, perhaps before us, and will be replaced by one better; it must suffice for the name of one man to mark one step in progress. As civilization advances so one must resign oneself to see ideas one sows, like fertile seeds, grow, ripen, wither, and fall to leave room for a new, more abundant, and sturdier harvest under the very eyes of the first husbandman. This philosophic disinterestedness has, unfortunately, failed many of those who remain to us of the two generations preceding ours; as though desirous of giving reality to the infamous saying of one of our writers, they have wished to answer their sons as though they were their enemies, and their grandsons as the enemies of their sons. . . . What has happened? The young men have risen up against their unjust forerunners, they have counted the white hairs on the heads of the aged, and, in their impatience, have drawn up mortuary tables to comfort one another by impious hope. I have groaned over this cruelty; but why were they persecuted! Were they responsible for the law which drives them on with the rest of humanity? Far from wishing to destroy great reputations I say one must be grateful to each for his work in relation to his time; the best proof I can give is this ungrati-fying labour of mine, new homage to an old not only European but universal name, for, while the Moor of Venice was being played in Paris, it was being given at the same time in London, in Vienna, and in the United States. When you take a wrong turning you are obliged to retrace your steps to join the right one. Tragedy comprised only "polite" verse, subject moreover to the anachronisms of which I have spoken to you. To arm Shakespeare worthily I have been obliged to take from our arsenal the rusty weapon of our old French poets. Corneille, the immortal Corneille, had given the Cid Othello's true modern sword whose Spanish blade had been dipped in Ebro's temper. Consult Shakespeare, why did he use it but for one day? This time I have achieved nothing more than a work of form. The instrument (style) had to be remade and tried on the public before attempting a tune of one's own invention. Had I known a story more familiar, more often read, represented, sung, danced, more expurgated, more embellished, more spoilt than the Moor of Venice, I should have chosen it purposely so that the attention be drawn to a single point, the execution. You, my Lord, must abstain from reading my translation for you will find it as imperfect as I do myself. For I must add this truth that there is not in the world a single good translation for any one acquainted with the original, if by this word is understood the literal rendering of each word, each verse, each phrase, in words, verse, and phrases of another language. A translation is intended to appeal solely to those who do not know the mother tongue: a fact critics lose sight of too often. If the translator were not an interpreter he would be useless. A translation is to the original what a portrait is to nature. And what young man being enabled to see his mistress herself would glance at the image of her? But in absence or death the picture satisfied. Here it is the same. Vainly you may repeat the same song in your tongue, it is another instrument; it has, therefore, another sound and another touch, other modulations, other harmonies, which must be used to render, to naturalize the foreign tune; but one thing will be always missing: the intimate union between a man's thought and his mother tongue. I have, therefore, endeavoured to render the spirit rather than the text. Every one did not grasp this; I had foreseen as much; for those who are ignorant of English I have been too literal; for others, those who do not know it, I have not been literal enough. So this bronze cast after the great Othello has just been squeezed, beaten, and twisted by the critics betwixt the English anvil and the French hammer. In book form the Moor will, no doubt, be attacked, but: parve sine me, liber, ibis in urbem. I shall not know better than you. From here and there I am told that a pamphleteer has scribbled, a buffoon has sung, or some incurable censor has perorated against me. They do not trouble me particularly and I know not what they do or who they are. ## January 1918 THE EGOIST 15 I have here only given you an aspect of this literary attempt. The whole system is better explained by words than by theories. In poetry, philosophy, action, what is system, manner, characteristic, tone, or style? These questions are only solved by one word, and this word a name. Each one's brain is a mould moulding a mass of ideas. When death has broken the mould, do not attempt to recompose a similar aggregate. It is destroyed for ever. An imitator of Shakespeare would be as artificial in our times as those who imitate Athalie. Again, let it be said, we advance and though Shakespeare has perhaps attained the highest degree attainable by modern tragedy, he attained it according to his period; the poet and moralist are as perfect as ever, since inspiration does not progress, and individual nature does not change; but divine or human philosophy must correspond to the needs of the society among which the poet lives, and society changes. Nowadays the movement is so rapid that a man of thirty has seen two contrary centuries each of ten years, the one all of extreme action and warfare, conquering, rude, strong, and glorious, but without life, and as it were frozen interiorly, almost wholly deficient in progress and poetry, philosophy and the arts, or only showing a movement of transition; the other, immobile and exteriorly languishing, of undecided and limited action; without resolution, without brilliancy of deeds, but agitated, interiorly devoured by a prodigious intellectual labour, and fermentation without example in history and dissembling a glowing furnace, recasting, elaborating, founding, and coordinating all thought, in all its forms, moulds, and diverse orders; the one all body, the other all spirit. Such a double spectacle must give birth to a new race of ideas. Who can be surprised at all that is achieved unless he be, like Jerusalem, without eyes to see? Applying this only to dramatic art I fancy that in the future this art will be more than ever difficult in France, precisely because it is freed from the heaviest rules. Formerly there was some merit in having produced something in spite of them and to have followed them might bring fame. But henceforth created tragedy will be considered from another point of view; she will need the more natural beauties since she will possess less conventional ones. . . . Liberty, yielding everything at once, infinitely multiplies the difficulties of selection and removes ail supports. It is perhaps for this reason that since Shakespeare England counts but a very small number of tragedies and not one drama worthy of that great man's system, while we possess a great number of secondary authors who have produced their theatre, a respectable collection on the Racinean model. I have insisted on this remark because I foresee that when the examples come, the critics will, at the performance, arm themselves with them, and their fate to combat the entire rules and system, without considering the new difficulties and much vaster scale by which future works will be gauged. For indeed, to all Shakespeare's poetry and gifts of observation must be added the sum or flower of contemporary philosophy and science. The attempts will be numerous and courageous and will not carry shame, for in this new world, author and public must educate each other anew. I hope that, after all I have told you, you will not again reproach me and my friends with too ardent zeal after innovation. Do you remember that big old clock I used often to show you? If so let it serve to express my thought, for it is to me the exact image of society at all times. Its face, with its column like Roman figures, is scoured by three hands. The one: large, broad, powerful, the colour of which is like that of a lance and the shape like a sheaf of weapons, advances so slowly that its movement might be denied; the most acute and steady and persevering eye cannot discern any motion from it; one would think it seated, incrustated, riveted to its place for all eternity, and yet at the end of an hour it has travelled round the twelfth part of the face. Does not this hand seem to represent the people whose progress is accomplished without revolution, steadily but imperceptibly? The other hand, more rapid, advances quietly enough for its movement to be discernible without extraordinary attention; this one makes the same journey in five minutes that the other makes in an hour and gives the exact proportion of the progress of the enlightened over and beyond the crowd following them. But above these two hands is another far more agile whose progress is followed with difficulty; it has covered sixty times the space before the second has walked and the third dragged itself to it. I have never considered this hand indicating the seconds, this arrow so swift, anxious, bold, and quivering, thrusting itself forward as though conscious of its audacity, as though taking pleasure in its conquest over time, never have I looked at it without thinking that the poet always has had and must thus promptly anticipate the centuries and the general spirit of his nature, beyond even its most enlightened section. And the heavy pendulum governing them by its unchanging motion, does it not represent the perfect symbol of the inflexible law of progress whose advance carries away with it the three degrees of the human mind which are indifferent to it and only serve, after all, to mark successively its step towards an, alas, unknown goal? November 1, 1829. Alfred de Vigny CORRESPONDENCE BALMONT To the Editor of The Egoist Madam,—On the point on which I have been "pulled up," I am informed that Mme. de Holstein and M. René Ghil preceded the translator mentioned by Mr. Montagu Nathan, for they published extracts from his works in Les Ecrits pour l' Art as far back as 1905. The following year they were asked to translate all Balmont's poetic works for La Toison d'Or, a publication appearing in French and Russian at Moscow. Subsequently Mr. Balmont authorized these collaborators to publish an anthology not of various Russian poets, such as Sir. Chuzeville's, in which Mr. Balmont only figures in the number, but of his own works exclusively. This remains the first and only French edition of poems by Balmont. The earliest translator of certain extracts was, it is supposed, Mme. Raix-Savitzy. But this is a point not entirely clear. The other is. "Your Correspondent." ANNOUNCEMENTS A new novel by Mr. James Joyce, Ulysses, will start in the March issue of The Egoist. In March Mr. Wyndham Lewis's novel, Tarr, which ran serially in The Egoist from April 1916 to November 1917, will be published in book form by The Egoist. Chapters which were omitted to shorten the serial will appear in full in the book. Late in January the second edition of Mr. James Joyce's novel, A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man, will be ready. Peasant Pottery Shop 41 Devonshire Street, Theobald's Road, W.C. (Close to Southampton Row) Interesting British and Continental: Peasant Pottery on sale: Brightly coloured plaited felt Rugs ## 16 THE EGOIST January 1918 PRUFROCK By T. S. ELIOT WESTMINSTER GAZETTE: A poet who finds even poetry laughable, who views life with a dry cool derision and comments on it with the true disengagement of wit. He is not like any other poet, not even the Imagists whom he seems at first sight to follow—He writes in an apparent vers libre which has a decidedly rhythmical effect; his handling of language is pointed and often brilliant. NEW STATESMAN: Mr. Eliot may possibly give us the quintessence of twenty-first century poetry. Much of what he writes is unrecognizable as poetry at present, but it is all decidedly amusing. ... He has a keen eye as well as a sharp pen and draws wittily whatever his capricious glance descends upon. DAILY NEWS: A witty and dissatisfying book of verse . . . which flourishes many images that are quite startling in their originality. SOUTHPORT GUARDIAN: One of the moderns; an imagist; an impressionist. . . . Inevitably as impressions these poems are very unequal. Some are strangely vivid. LITERARY WORLD: The subjects of the poems, the imagery, the rhythms, have the wilful outlandishness of the young revolutionary idea. . . . With him it seems to be a case of missing the effort by too much cleverness . . . the strangeness overbalances the beauty. THE EGOIST LTD. (l/~ net; postage Id.) EDITORIAL Letters, etc., intended for the Editor of The Egoist should be addressed to Oakley House, Bloomsbury Street, London, W.C. TERMS OF SUBSCRIPTION. Yearly, 6/6; U.S.A. $1.60. Six months, 3/3; U.S.A. $ .80. Three months, 1/9; U.S.A. $ .40. Single copies 7d., post free to all countries. Cheques, postal and money orders, etc., should be payable to The Egoist, Limited, and crossed " Parr's Bank, Bloomsbury Branch." ADVERTISEMENT RATES. Per page £4. Quarter page £1 Is. Od. Per inch single column, 4s. Half rates after first insertion. All advertisements must be prepaid. A PORTRAIT OF THE ARTIST AS A YOUNG MAN By JAMES JOYCE (5s. net; postage 4d.) PRUFROCK By T. S. ELIOT (is. net; pottage. Id.) DIALOGUES OF FONTENELLE Translated by EZRA POUND (Is. 3d. net; postage, led.) Please send me---- ___for which I enclose- Name------- Address------- Orders, accompanied by Remittance, should be sent to the publishers, THE EGOIST, Limited. The Little Review "THE MAGAZINE THAT IS READ BY THOSE WHO WRITE THE OTHERS" The following Authors have contributed or will contribute to the current volume (begun May 1917): W. B. YEATS (14 poems) LADY GREGORY (complete play) FORD MADOX HUEFFER (prose series) ARTHUR SYMONS (complete play) WYNDHAM LEWIS (regularly) T. S. ELIOT EZRA POUND (London Editor) ARTHUR WALEY (translations from the Chinese) "jh." MARGARET ANDERSON, Editor Yearly Subscription: England, 7/-; U.S.A., $1.50 THE LITTLE REVIEW 24 West 16th Street, New York City, U.S.A. 5 Holland Place Chambers, London, W.8 Enclosed please find Seven Shillings for one year's subscription.................. Name.................................. Address................................ THE CONTEMPORARY SERIES IMAGES-OLD AND NEW By Richard Aldington The only volume of verse by one of the most important contemporary poets. FIVE MEN AND POMPEY By Stephen Vincent Benet A series of dramatic portraits, being moments in the lives of Sertorius, Lucillus, Cicero, Caesar, Crassus, and Pompey, outlining the drama of the Republic's fall. THE ENGLISH TONGUE By Lewis Worthington Smith War poems—a group of inspiring and fiery lyrics of the modern ballad type. HORIZONS. By Robert Alden Senborn A first volume of poems in which many critics see unmistakable signs of genius. JUDGMENT. By Amelia J. Burr Play in one act in verse, by the author of The Roadside Fire. A poignant tragedy of Salem witchcraft days. THE HOMECOMING By Paul Eldridge Two one-act plays of the Great War. Each volume about 5 by 7 inches; printed on heavy antique paper; bound with coloured wrapper over boards; covers ornamented with designs. Send for complete descriptive catalogue. Price 60 cents each at all booksellers. Postage extra. For sale at The Poetry Bookshop, London. THE FOUR SEAS COMPANY, Publishers Cornhill, Boston, U.S.A. Printed at The Complete Press, West Norwood, and published by the Proprietors, The Egoist, Limited, at Oakley House, Bloomsbury Street, London, W.C.##