The Crisis . THE CRISIS Vol. 6—No. 1 MAY , 1913 Whole No. 31 ONE DOLLAR A YEAR TEN CENTS A COPY Safely Secured first Mortgages AND First Mortgage Bonds Capital Demands Higher Wages Capital that used to work for 3% to is now demanding higher wages to meet the increased cost of living. We offer capital employment at 5^2% to 6% secured by first mortgage on newly improved Chicago income Real Estate, in the form of bonds, in amounts of $100, $300 and $500 and individual mortgages in amounts from $1,000 to $25,000, in periods from one to six years. Al l titles guaranteed by Chicago Title and Trust Company, Capital and Surplus over Six Million Dollars. H. DAVID MURRAY&amp; CO. MORTGAGE BROKERS Hm ) REAL ESTATE LOANS VSMS-JJ INSURANCE BANK FLOOR S E COR STATE &amp; 3IST STS CHICAGO SCHOOL OF BEAUTY CULTURE AND HAIR DRESSING Manicuring, Shampooing, Hair Dressing, Marcel Waving, Facial and Body Massage, Hair Making, Chiropody, etc., scientifically taught. Unlimited practice in parlor day and night. Pupils taught at home, if desired. Telephone, Morningside 8162 Diplomas. Special Summer Course, $7.50 up. Send for 143 West 131st St. booklet. Mme. A. Carter Kelsey, Gen'l Intr.; Dr. Samuel NEW YORK A. Kelsey, Chiropodist, President and Gen'l Manager. KELSEY'S THE NEGRO AT WORK IN NEW YORK CITY GEORGE EDMUND HAYNES, Ph. D. Professor of Social Science, Fisk University A study of the manner and causes of the migration of Negroes to the cities North and South, with special material about occupations, efficiency and wages and a detailed study of business enterprises of Negroes in New York. Studies in History, Economics and Public Law, edited by the Faculty of Political Science, Columbia University. Longmans, Green &amp; Co., New .York, assents.. Cloth, $1.75; paper, $1.25. Contains a mass of well-arranged material -The Survey. "Affords us an exhaustive and interesting account of the manner in which colored citizens earn their living in New York."—The Crisis Mention TH E CRISIS. TH E CRISIS A RECORD OF THE DARKER RACES PUBLISHED BY THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE. AT 26 VESEY STREET. NEW YORK CITY Conducted by W. E. Burghardt Du Bois Contents for May, 1913 COVE R PICTURE. Drawn by John Henry Adams. ARTICLES Page HAGA R AN D ISHMAEL . By Charlotte Teller Hirsch 30 A MINIMU M PROGRA M O F NEGR O ADVANCEMENT . By William English Walling 31 TH E MA N WH O WON . A Story. (Concluded.) By Harry H. Pace. Illustrated by Lorenzo W. Harris 33 UP! SING TH E SONG. A Poem. By James D. Corrothers 39 DEPARTMENTS ALONG THE COLOR LINE 7 MEN OF THE MONTH 17 OPINION 20 EDITORIAL 26 NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE 37 THE BURDEN 40 TEN CENTS A COPY; ONE DOLLAR A YEAR FOREIGN SUBSCRIPTIONS TWENTY-FIVE CENTS EXTRA RENEWALS : When a subscription blank is attached to this page a renewal of your subscription is desired. The date of the expiration of your subscription will be found on the wrapper. CHANG E O F ADDRESS : The address of a subscriber can be changed as often as desired. In ordering a change of address, both the old and the new address must be given. Two weeks' notice is required. MANUSCRIPT S and drawings relating to colored people are desired. They must be accompanied by return postage. If found unavailable they will be returned. Entered as Second-class Matter in the Post Office at New York, N. Y. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Fisk University NASHVILLE, TENN. Agricultural and Founded 1866 H . H . Wright, Dean Mechanical College Thorough Literary, Scientific, Educa State summer school for colored teachers. Fourteenth annual session begins June 23,1913, and continues five weeks. Board, lodging and fees for the session, $14.00. Limited accommodations. Send $1.00 in advance and reserve room. Fo r catalog or further information address : STATE SUMMER SCHOOL Agricultural and Mechanical College GREENSBORO, N. C. "In the Heart of the Healthy Hills" The Agricultural and Mechanical College NORMAL, ALABAMA Makes a special effort to meet the needs of young people who must work out their own salvation. It gives breadwinners a chance to go to school and so puts a first-class English education and a trade within the reach of every young person of push and purpose. Board, lodging and washing cost $9 per month. An entrance fee of $10 covers medicine, hospital care and doctor's hill for the year. School opens the first Monday in October and closes the last Thursday in May. WALTER S. BUCHANAN, President Send your boy South—the land of Opportunity. The Prairie View State Normal and Industrial College of Texas. E. L. Blackshear, Principal. W. C. Rollins, Treasurer. Largest State institution for colored youth in the United States. Excellent literary, scientific and industrial advantages. Expenses low—ideal climate—new buildings. For particulars address: H. J. MASON, Secretary Prairie View Waller County, Texas ST. MARY'S SCHOOL An Episcopal boarding and day school for girls, under the direction of the Sisters of St. Mary. Address: TH E SISTER-IN-CHARGE 611 N. 43d St. W. Philadelphia, Pa. tional and Social Science Courses. Pioneer in Negro music. Special study in Negro history. Ideal and sanitary buildings and grounds. Well-equipped Science building. Christian home life. High standards of independent manhood and womanhood. Atlanta University Is beautifully located in the City of Atlanta, Ga. The courses of study include High School, Normal School and College, with manual training and domestic science. Among the teachers are graduates of Yale, Harvard, Dartmouth, Smith and Wellesley. Forty-two years of successful work have been completed. Students come from all parts of the South. Graduates are almost universally successful. For further information address President EDWARD T. WARE ATLANTA, GA. Knoxville College Beautiful Situation. Healthful Location. The Best Moral and Spiritual Environment. A Splendid Intellectual Atmosphere. Noted for Honest and Thorough Work. Offers full courses in the following departments: College, Normal, High School, Grammar School and Industrial. Good water, steam heat, electric lights, good drainage. Expenses very reasonable. Opportunity for Self-help. Fall Term Begins September, 1913. For information address President R. W. McGRANAHAN KNOXVILLE, TENN. Virginia Union University RICHMOND, VA. A College Department, of high standards and modern curriculum. A Theological Department, with all subjects generally required in the best theological seminaries. An Academy, with manual training, giving a preparation for life or for college. The positive moral and religious aim of the school, its high standards of entrance and of class work, its fine new buildings and well-equipped laboratories and library prepare a faithful student for a life of wide usefulness. GEORGE RICE HOVEY, President Mention TH E CRISIS. TH E CRISIS ADVERTISER Short Talks on Advertising and Our Advertisers "I had never thought of advertising for colored business until I saw TH E CRISIS," said a well-known advertiser the other day. The neatly printed pages and clean advertising had commanded his attention from the time he received the first copy we sent him, so he said. Another man (an advertising agent) said: "Among the great mass of sample copies of the various publications which come to this office TH E CRISIS is among the very few I take home to read." Another man said: "I congratulate you all on the stand you take for reliable advertising." The question whether or not it pays TH E CRISIS to reject all but dependable advertising is being constantly answered in the affirmative. Two advertisers, who had never used any Xegro periodicals, were induced to try TH E CRISIS and it paid them. Since then they have used other colored papers. Which proves that our decided stand is giving us prestige among reliable advertisers and at the same time enabling us to make it possible for other journals to secure some business which heretofore they have not had. Then there's another side—the reader. In a letter to one of our advertisers a lady said: "Of course I knew that was all right when I saw it advertised in TH E CRISIS." If you have an article to market or a service to sell, make TH E CRISIS columns your market place. We guarantee to put your proposition into the hands of 25.000 people, and if it is well told they will pass it along throughout the zone of our influence, which embraces, perhaps, 100,000 people. ALBON L. HOLSEY, Advertising Manager. Mention $5 Brings Oliver Typewriter Send $5 for The Oliver Typewriter—the machine will come a-flying. The newest Model—No. S—the regular $100 machine— with no extra charge for Printype. For the price of a good fountain pen you secure the World's Greatest Typewriter. You can pay the balance at the rate of 17 cents a day. This irresistible "$5 offer" is sweeping everything before it. The era of universal typewriting is coming. The triumph of the typewriter over primitive pen-and-ink has been brought about by the same machine that introduced visible writing. The OLIVER Typewriter The Standard Visible Writer This is the typewriter whose high efficiency hat made it the choice of the greatest firms and corporations. It is the simplest of all standard typewriters, yet the swiftest and by far the most versatile. The moving parts work freely in a solid metal framework, making the machine so strong that the hardest usage has no effect upon it No Extra Charge for »»» "Printype' Most people prefer to have the machine equipped to write in Printype. This beautiful type is obtainable only on The Oliver Typewriter. It is the greatest style improvement ever evolved for typewriters—the most easily read type in existence—the type which conforms to that in universal use on the world's printing presses! Win Success with the Oliver! The Oliver Typewriter aids success-seekers in a multitude of ways. The real-life stories of achievement that center around it would fill volumes. No matter what your work may be—in office, store, shop or home—The Oliver Typewriter will prove itself a great convenience and an actual money-maker. It stands for order and system and success. It is the visible evidence of the progressiveness of its owner. Young people with brains, ambition and Oliver Typewriters are succeeding everywhere. Can you afford to let $5 stand between you and success? Send for Special Circular and Art Catalog Full details regarding the Oliver Easy-Purchase-Plan, beautiful catalog and a specimen letter written in Printype will be sent you on request. Let this $5 offer awaken you to your need of The Oliver Typewriter and the ease with which you may own it. Remember—$5 only and on comes The Oliver Typewritert Sales Department (206) The Oliver Typewriter Company 310 Broadway NEW YORK, N. Y TH E CRISIS. . THE CRISIS ADVERTISER When Buying Hair Goods ask your dealer for Green's Creole hair. It not only keeps the crimp, but is the best on the market. If your dealer cannot furnish you with our goods, send your order direct to us and we will be pleased to fill it. Switches, puffs, pompadours, transformations and anything pertaining to hair goods. 18-inch 1-stem Switches $ .50 18-inch 3-stem Switches 75 3/4-ounce 3-stem Switches 1.00 22-inch Switches 1.50 24-inch Switches 2.00 26-inch Switches 2.50 28-inch Switches 3.00 These prices not including gray hair. Our workmanship is the best, and we feel sure that after using our grade of goods, we will have you as our regular customer. Send in your samples. Perfect match, guaranteed. If not satisfactory we will refund your money. GREEN'S HAIR GOODS CO. Room 58 6 West Randolph Street Chicago, 111. FREE! FREE! FREE! Absolutely Free of Cost For thirty davs the Carnegie College will mail to any reader of TH E CRISIS, absolutely free of cost, a list of "500 questions" on any of the following branches: 1. Agriculture 6. Civil Government 2. U. S. History 7. Domestic Science 3. Theory and Practice 8. American Literature 4. Physiology 9. English Literature 5.	 Letter Writing 10. English Grammar CIVIL SERVICE MANUAL FREE These "questions" will give you a good idea of our methods of teaching by mail. We will send to you one list of "questions" FREE . Write for it to-day. We also sell all makes of typewriters at only $3 per month. Write for prices and terms. What Will You Do in Vacation? Why Not Study at Home? We Will Instruct You by Mail. FREE TUITION SCHOLARSHIPS FILE YOUR APPLICATION NOW. Commencing April 1 we will grant to the first 1,000 students making application "Free Tuition Scholarships" in the following courses taught by mail: Normal Penmanship Bookkeeping High School Typewriting Agriculture Professional Shorthand Civil Service Poultry Domestic Science Drawing Engineering Law . Real Estate All applications for "Free Tuition" must be filed by June 1 The tuition is absolutely FREE . The Matriculation Fee is $5. SUBSCRIBE FOR NEW EDUCATION—A 60-PAGE EDUCATIONAL PAPER Trial subscription for six months only 25 cents. USE COUPON BELOW. Mark it and send it to the College at once. Carnegie College, Office No. 44. Rogers, Ohio. Sirs: Enclosed find 25 cents in stamps for six months' subscription to New Education. Mail to me FRE E OF COST the "500 questions" on the branch marked with an X above, your 60page Bulletin, prices and terms on typewriters, and your "Free Tuition Scholarship" for my consideration. I am marking with an X in the advertisement above the course that may interest me. NAME ADDRESS OF INTEREST TO VOCAL STUDENTS Tone Placing and Voice Development Practical method of singing for daily practice, based upon artistic principles, together with a carefully prepared number of exercises. From "Musical Courier," N. Y.: A very practical little book is "Tone Placing and Voice Development," by Pedro T. Tinsley. It contains some very excellent material and vocal exercises, and should be in the hands of all vocal students. WORDS OF APPRECIATION I offer you the heartiest possible endorsement of your work, which I believe to be the most complete course of the kind that has ever come under my notice.—Glenn Dillard Gunn, Chicago ' 'Tribune.'' From ''Music News," Chicago, ILL.: Accordingly his "Practical Method of Singing" is a most concise and practical little manual, containing many valuable vocal exercises. It cannot fail to be helpful to all ambitious vocal students. CANNOT FAIL OF GOOD RESULTS The work is especially commendable because it treats in a cloar and systematic manner all the vital points so essential to the student, making it easy for him to advance to the highest point of .development.—Geo. I. Holt, Des Moines, Iowa. PRICE $1.00 Address the publisher: PEDRO T. TINSLEY 6448 Drexel Avenue CHICAGO, ILL. This Handsome Suit FREE to Our Agents Write to-day. Be the one in your town to get this astounding tailoring offer. An offer to give you the swellest suit you ever saw FREE ! But you must hurry. We want a representative In your town right away. We will start you in a big money-making business of your own— FREE ! Plenty of money and plenty of nifty clothes—for YOU—if you write AT ONCE! No money nor experience necessary. We Pay Al l Express Charges Yes. we pay everything. You take no risk. Just take orders for our fine clothes— made of the most beautiful fabrics and in the latest, classiest styles. Keep your present position and make $50.00 to $100.00 A WEE K on the side, or go into the business right and make $3,000 to $5,000 a year. PARAGO N clothes sell like wildfire. Agents swamped with orders on NEW plan. Nothing like it anywhere. Write to-day for our swell samples and complete outfit for going right out to take orders. Get our WONDERFUL NEW OFFER right now. WE PAY ALL CHARGES. Send a postcard NOW—while this great offer is still open. Don't delay— WRITE TO-DAY. PARAGON TAILORING GO. Dept. 551 Chicago, 111. J. E. ORMES ACCOUNTANT Audits Systems Business information by mail. Open for engagements July and August. Box 25, Wilberforce University Wilberforce, O. Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS Vol. 6—No. 1 MAY . 1913 Whole No. 31 ALONG THE COLOR LINE t: EDUCATION. '"THE United States Census for 1910 re ports that 55 per cent, of the Negro children and 35 per cent, of the whites between the ages of 6 and 20 years were not enrolled in school. In Louisiana 75 per cent, of the Negro children of school age are without instruction and in nine Southern States more than half the colored children do not go to school. For those enrolled the school period is very short, and the Southwestern Christian Recorder esti mates that "there are more than 2,000,000 public citizens of this country who have not attended school six months." This condition is due to the fact that the appropriation for colored schools in the South is so small as compared with that for whites. In Central Alabama, with a school population equally divided between the races, Mrs. Wooley, of the Douglass Center in Chicago, finds that the whites have school property valued at $6,149,413 as compared with $533,033 for Negroes. "In the case of Kowaliga community school, for instance," says Mrs. Wooley, "the Negro children practically would get no schooling at all if it were not that William Benson has built up a school with funds sent from New York, Philadelphia and Boston. The appropriation by the county is $60 a year." «! William J. Bryan and Mrs. Bryan have given $500 to the Williams Industrial College, at Little Rock, Ark. &lt;J The Japanese of Seattle, Wash., have given a scholarship at Tuskegee Institute. ^ The principal building at Claflin University, Orangeburg, S. C , has been destroyed by fire. ^ Charles Francis Adams, of Massachusetts, has offered to colored students, "juniors and seniors in attendance at some American college," a prize of $50 for the best essay on "The Effect of Emancipation Upon the Physical Condition of the Afro-American." Those intending to compete for the prize should send their names to Professor Kelly Miller, Howard University, Washington, D. C ' *I Congress has appropriated $300,000 for Indian schools, but some anxiety is felt in Washington about the delay in the appropriation for Howard University. ^ Dr. Wallace Buttrick, secretary of the General Education Board, has been conferring with Governor Goldsborough in regard to aid from the fund for Negro agricultural schools in Maryland. &lt;J Miss Ellen McKendry, of Houghton, Mass., has bequeathed $2,500 to Tuskegee Institute. In an address on race culture before the Arundell Club, of Baltimore, Md., Mrs. Anna Beecher Scoville, a granddaughter of Henry Ward Beecher, complained of the tardiness of the trustees of the John Hopkins Estate in carrying out the provisions of the will of the philanthropist with regard to asylums for colored children. A correspondent of the Baltimore News points out that "the colored citizens of Baltimore have improved 100 per cent, since TH E CRISIS the establishment of the local colored high school. This includes a decrease in criminals, in increase in property holders and perhaps, above all, an increase along moral and religious lines." SOCIAL UPLIFT. A T last the emancipation proclamation commission of Pennsylvania has given the public an authentic report of its work. Of the $20,000 appropriated by the State about $6,000 has been spent in salaries, $600 for rent, and something over $2,000 for general expenses, leaving over $10,000 on hand. The plan outlined for the exhibit contemplates a main building about 84x150 feet, with dining room and auditorium, an agricultural building and a concert and lecture hall. The exhibit will be in three parts —industrial, educational and religious. The industrial exhibit will include farm products, manufacturing, domestic art, the business and professions. Under education will come photographs, singing and an educational congress. Under religion will come photographs and other exhibits. There will also be an art exhibit, a collection of 6,000 volumes of NegTO authors and a pageant. Several prizes are being offered, and the commission recommends an additional appropriation of $50,000 by the legislature. The Negro Organization Society, of Vir ginia co-operated with the State health department for a cleaning-up day among the Negroes on Apri l 14. The health department has issued a "Health- Handbook for Colored People." The board of aldermen of Richmond has instructed the local health department to make an investigation of the housing and sanitary conditions in the Ghetto and to make a report recommending legislation looking toward the betterment of sewerage, water, street and other conditions. The city engineer of Richmond has been instructed to prepare maps and estimates for a proposed park for Negroes. ^ The location of the colored branch library in New Orleans is still in doubt, as some white people have protested against the site first chosen, although it is in a largely colored neighborhood. *1 There is a movement on foot to establish a State orphanage for Negroes in Texas. &lt;I The Sojourner Truth Industrial Home for Young "Women is now nearing completion in Los Angeles, Cal. ^ The Climbers, a colored women teachers' club in Birmingham, Ala., has given a bazaar -to help remove the $3,000 mortgage on the Home for Aged and Destitute Negroes in that city. «IIn Kansas City $139,963 of a required $225,000 has been raised for a Helping Hand Institute, Negro Y . M . C. A . and Street Boys' Home. ^ George B . Yandes, a white man, has bequeathed $5,000 to the Negro Y . M . C. A. of Indianapolis. &lt;IAt the spring dual meet held at Ocean City, N. J., between Ocean City High School and Southern Manual, of Philadelphia, Roland N . Elsey won for the latter sixteen points, that being the highest number of points won by any contestant. He was awarded first prize for the 220 and 75-yard dashes and the mile relay, where he was placed last. Elsey is a colored youth and trainers speak highly of him. &lt;I Congress has appointed a commission of three—General J. "Warren Keifer, of Springfield, O., chairman; General Nelson A . Miles and an admiral of the navy—and appropriated $300,000 to assist in the celebration of the battle of Lake Erie. Ohio and other States and civic bodies have swelled the total to about $1,500,000. There will be many events in many places, but the celebration will culminate at or near Sandusky, September 10, the anniversary of the battle. Negro sailors took a prominent part in the battle. •1 All the mail carriers of Helena, Ark., are colored. Recently twenty-two men took the examination for civil service and the two colored candidates were the only ones that passed. &lt;3 TH E CRISIS was mistaken in stating that the acting governor of Jamaica is colored. The Hon. Philip Cork is a white man. ' &lt;I A colored physician of Talladega, Ala., diagnosed a disease which broke out there to be smallpox. The white physicians of both city and State declared it was not smallpox. Eventually it was proven that the colored physician was right. *J A bill to create a Negro regiment in the National Guard has been passed by the Pennsylvania legislature. &lt;I The colored women and societies of Indianapolis have played their part in ALONG THE COLOR LINE relieving the distress in the wake of the storm and flood in that city. At Lawrence, Kan., the seat of the State University, the Rev. J. M. Brown, the colored pastor of St. Luke's A. M. E. Church, was toastmaster at a farewell banquet in honor of the Rev. J. N. Brush, the minister of the white Presbyterian church. &lt;3 Miss S. B. Breckinridge, of Chicago, says in the Survey: "The segregated black district is almost invariably the region in which vice is tolerated by the police. That is, the segregation of the Negro quarter is only a segregation from respectable white people. The disreputable white element is forced upon him. "In no part of Chicago was there found a whole neighborhood so conspicuously dilapidated as the black belt on the south side. *I The Arkansas legislature has made it a misdemeanor to accept a tip and subjects the employer who permits the employee to receive a gratuity to a tine. This act is aimed at Negro waiters. &lt;J Fifty per cent, of the 10,000 Negroes in Meridian, Miss., are said to own their own homes. *] In Uniontown, Ala., with a total population of 2,000, it is reported that Negroes control about half of the business enterprises. They have $70,000 on deposit in the local banks. Eldridge Brothers, a grocery firm, do an annual business of $40,000 a year. &lt;I At Pine Bluff, Ark., an insurance company with a capital stock of $250,000 has been organized. At the initial meeting of the society $5,200 in cash and securities was paid up. ONE OF MB. DUPRE'S MILK WAGONS. Not only does the Negro suffer from this extreme dilapidation, but he pays a heavy cost in the form of high rent. In crowded emigrant neighborhoods in different parts of the city the medium rental for the prevailing four-room apartment was between $8 and $8.50; in South Chicago, near the steel mills, it was between $9 and $9.50, and in the Jewish quarter between $10 and $10.50 was charged. But in the great black belt of the south side the sum exacted was between $12 and $12.50," *I Six years ago Oscar Dupre, a colored man with a family of six children living in New Orleans, could scarcely make a living doing odd jobs. He decided to try dairy farming. He rented a plantation in Jefferson Parish on the outskirts of the city and bought a few cows on time. To-day he owns 98 milch cows, 6 fine horses and mules, 4 milk wagons, a feed wagon, carriage and a buggy. He sells between 125 and 140 gallons of milk a day, at 30 cents a gallon, supplying the wealthiest families and 10 THE CRISIS physicians, who want specially good milk. He spends $650 a month for feed alone, employs nine persons and has refused $8,000 for his plant. «l At Austin, Tex., the Rev. L. L. Campbell and Dr. W. H. Crawford have organized the Texas Colonization and Development Company. They have purchased 10,000 acres of land in Houston County and are selling lots of ten, twenty, fifty and one hundred acres to Negroes only. At a recent conference in Washington, D. C , the National Benefit Association reported receipts amounting to $146,709 and disbursements of $121,654 during 1912. The resources of the association amount to $133,155. *J A recent investigation discloses the fact that 86.59 per cent, of the colored workers in Philadelphia, in industries employing at least 100 colored persons receive an average annual wage of less than $400 a year, while the highest-paid group receive less than $800. The average annual income necessary to support a family of five in Philadelphia is estimated at $750. *! Colored waitresses have been dismissed from the service of the Oriental Tea Company in Boston. *J Mr. Richard E. Westbrooks, president of the Men's Civic Club of Chicago, has appealed to the vice-investigating commissioners not to overlook the condition of the colored women. He -calls attention to the "low economic condition of the colored women and the small wages which they receive in domestic service and the small business firms." In addition to this, "thousands of them are excluded from earning an honest living in many of the great industries of the State on account of race and color. If the low wage is a menace to the white women in the industries, the lack of an opportunity to earn any wage at all is a still greater menace to general moral conditions in Illinois. The moral condition of the white women of Illinois is inseparable from the moral condition of the colored women, and the morals of the white women are not safe so long as conditions exist which prey upon the morals of the colored women. Any attempt to solve the one without the other is little more than scratching the social evil upon the surface." «j Mr. Thomas Walsh, superintendent of the New York Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children, declares: "It is futile to take the ease of a young colored girl to the children's court at this time, owing to a lack of provision for delinquent colored girls in any existing institution." Women's clubs in New York City are raising funds for the establishment of a home for delinquent colored girls. . . ECONOMICS. COTTO N factory in Savannah, Ga., finds Negro women such reliable and satisfactory operators that the proprietor intends to double the present number of 200 employees. ^ The Afro-American Stock Trading Company has been organized at Louisville, Ky . The company starts with a grocery, but intends later to open a department store. J. W. Buchanan is president of the corporation. *I Negro farmers have organized a corn club at Spartansburg, S. C. The purpose of the club is to stimulate intensive cultivation by offering prizes to the highest producer of corn and cotton. ^ The Mechanical Investment Company, a Negro bank, has been organized at Savannah, Ga. &lt;I In Wake County, N . C , Negroes pay taxes on property valued at $1,330,705 and in Halifax County on $1,225,576. In each of fifty-one counties the value of Negro property is more than $250,000. *I Negro farmers of Fairhope, Ala., have formed a co-operative packing association. «I The United Brothers of Friendship of Texas report total receipts of $42,735 during the last three months. They own property worth $200,000 in two cities, which brings in a revenue of $800 a month. &lt;I Sunset Lodge of Colored Masons, in E l Paso, Tex., has just completed its three-story brick temple costing $11,000. POLITICS. MR. WILLIAM H. LEWIS has resigned x the office of Assistant Attorney-General of the United States, and on recommendation of Attorney-General McReynolds, President Wilson has abolished the office which Mr. Lewis held—that of handling Indian claims, as the work is said to have been completed. ALONG THE &lt;! Vardaman is on the warpath in Washington. He told newspaper men that he was going to have the Fifteenth Amendment repealed and, generally, "to carry the war into Africa." He is only waiting till Congress disposes of the tariff to fire the first shot. B y a vote of seventy to forty-six the lower house of South Carolina has petitioned Congress to repeal the Fifteenth Amendment. The petition alleges that in exchange for the franchise the Negro has given the white people of this country only "anxiety, strife, bloodshed and the hookworm." ? &lt;J The Washington Post is authority for the statement: "None of the Federal offices in the South, positions which the Republican Presidents have been wont to confer upon Negroes, will be turned over to them so long as the present administration remains in office." &lt;I The colored voters of St. Louis have supported H . W. Kiel for mayor on the Republican ticket. Some of the white labor unions have opposed Kiel because he gave employment to Negroes in a building contract. Tom Hale, formerly business agent of Union No. 1, and a Socialist, declares that he will "throw his vote away on the Democratic candidate rather than vote for a man who would not consent to employ white labor exclusively." &lt;I The resignation of Mr. Fred. Moore, United States Minister to Liberia, has been asked and accepted. Moore served an uneventful term of twenty-nine days. MEETINGS. MEM0RIAL meetings have been held in honor of David Livingstone and Harriet Tubman. Speaking at the Charles Street A. M. E. Church in Boston, Mr. Frank B. Sanborn, the biographer of John Brown, said: "The question of races, of race seclusion and race fusion, of superior and inferior is one which many half-enlightened people are eager to discuss, but one which puzzles the student of the history of man. * • * The American has been so essentially modified by fusion that ideal purity of stock here is nowhere to be found. "The heroine whose memory we assemble to recall was nearer the mixed type of a great and widely extended race—the West African Negro—than most of us could say of ourselves. She illustrated by her COLOR LINE character what I expect will be the future type of that race, when preserved from slavery and degeneracy by a higher civilization than has as yet taken the native African." Negroes of New Orleans have organized an association to conduct a State fair in honor of the semi-centenary of the emancipation. The association's headquarters are in the Y . M . C. A . building, 2220 Dryades Street. Rev. W. Scott Chinn is the president of the organization. *I The semi-annual executive meeting of the Afro-American Press Association was held recently in Philadelphia, Pa. The report of chairman N. B. Dodson showed a membership of 300, representing 250 periodicals controlled by NegToes. The annual general assembly of the association takes place in Philadelphia next August. *I Farmers' conventions, conferences of business leagues and teachers' conventions have been held in Alabama, Texas, Tennessee and elsewhere in the South, &lt;I Mrs. Mary Church Terrell recently addressed the students of Wellesley College on the subject of opportunities, or rather the lack of opportunities, for colored girls. Miss Mary Eliza Clark, president of the Christian Association of Wellesley, writes as follows of this occasion: "I do not know when a speaker has aroused so much interest and changed so many ideas in so short a time. I want you to feel that your visit here was distinctly worth while, and that Wellesley people of broadest minds and widest sympathies feel a distinct debt of gratitude to you for the strong presentation of your subject." Q A t a meeting of the Society for Co-operation of Charities at Albany, N. Y., the Rev. A. B. Morton, pastor of the A. M. E. Church, said that of the 2,000 Negroes in that city, only 200 or 300 attend church, and that there are colonies of neglected people living in such moral and physical degradation as the city would not tolerate if the conditions were known. "The main point to be considered," said Mr. Morton, "is that the young people of our race have so few places where they can enjoy the healthy, simple pleasures. Mrs. Halicous, of the Elim House, is working faithfully in the interests of the girls, but teachers are needed, and frequently it is 12 THE CRISIS difficult to make ends meet with the small sums of money donated." § At a meeting of the Adelphic Literary Society of Augustana College, near Davenport, Ia., the program was devoted to "The American Negro of To-day." Orations on the Negro songs and musical selections by the white and colored students occupied the evening. *h Dr. W. E. B. Du Bois has been lecturing on the history of the Negro race at Howard University and in Virginia. He is making, this month, a lecture tour in Indiana, Missouri, California, Oregon, Washington, Oklahoma, Texas, Louisiana and Georgia. PERSONAL. UNCLE" DANIEL SUGG, 82 years old, attends school regularly in the town of Hookerton, N . C. He owns a farm of 180 acres. When he was young he could not go to school, but now, having the means, he is determined to make use of the opportunity. His neighbors are making no effort to deny him the privilege, for "he is a fine specimen of the old-time darky and is very much liked by all the white people." *I William Cain, said to be the last surviving member of the original John Brown raiders, died recently in Winona, Minn. &lt;I Mr. T. G. Nutter has been appointed a clerk in the land department of the office of the auditor-general of West Virginia. &lt;I Miss Sophia B. Boaz, a graduate of the Kansas City High School and of Fisk University (1911), has been appointed a probation officer of Cook County, I11. •I Samuel Ben Elchanan, an Abyssinian Jew, was found stranded in Cincinnati the other day. Dr. Boris D. Borger, of the United Jewish Charities, secured him employment. f§ Mr. Jerome B. Peterson has been appointed deputy collector of internal revenue at San Juan, Porto Rico. «I The Hon. Charles A . Cottrill, collector of internal revenue at Hawaii, recently delivered an address on "Armstrong and Hampton" on the occasion of the unveiling of a tablet to General Armstrong at Oahu College. Commenting on the address, the Commercial Advertiser says: "It was fortunate that there should be at this particular time in Hawaii so worthy a representative of the race that Armstrong fought to free. "Looking back to those few weeks between the time of the announcement of the Cottrill appointment to the position of collector of internal revenue for this territory and remembering the opposition there was locally to his appointment because he is of Negro blood and contrasting the sentiments then expressed with the applause he received from the leading white and Hawaiian residents of Honululu and the friendliness toward him evinced on every hand, it is plain that Mr. Cottrill has not only been an efficient official, but has shown himself to be a man able to gain a high place for himself in public esteem." «I Isaac D. Martin, of Pratt City, Ala., is the first Negro to receive a prize in the corn-club contest in Alabama. For producing 200 bushels on one acre he was awarded second prize of $150. There were more than 10,000 competitors, chiefly white farmers. ^ Mrs. James Russell, a colored woman of Columbus, 0., has patented a portable newsstand. ^ Mr. Sterling Leeo, a colored man of Los Angeles, Cal., has patented a device for preventing wear and tear of railroad tracks. The invention has received the favorable consideration of several street-railway companies. ^ Sam. Thomas, a colored wagon driver, rescued Mrs. Mary Keating, a white woman, from attempted suicide by drowning at Norfolk, Va. &lt;I Thomas Galloway, of Ware, Ala., owns upward of 800 acres of land and is proprietor of three turpentine farms. He asserts that most of his success has come within the past five years. &lt;I Mr. William Pickens has been elected president of the Alabama State Teachers' Association. &lt;$ The Rev. Wilbur O. Rogers, priest-incharge of St. Philip's Episcopal Mission in Syracuse, N . Y., has accepted a position as teacher in the St. Matthias Industrial Training School, Atlanta, Ga. «I The Rev. G. A. McGuire, M. D., former rector of St. Bartholomew's, Cambridge, Mass., has accepted a living in the diocese of Antigua, B. W. I. «! Bishop Moses B. Salter, of the A. M. E. Church, died recently at Charleston, S. C. ALONG THE COLOR LINE *I Joseph D. Bryan has invented an improved scrubbing.brush which is now being manufactured and marketed at Milwaukee, fl "The Arabic Bible—a Plea for Transliteration" is the title of a posthumous work of Dr. S. \Y. Blyden now appearing from the press of C. M . Philips, of London. &lt;J Mary Washington, the colored nurse and attendant of Mrs. Robert E. Lee, who is herself at present a patient in the hospital of the University of Virginia, at Charlottesville, has a Bible inscribed as follows: "Mary Logan, from her friend, Mary Curtis Lee, Alexandria, 24th May, 1873." &lt;I Jackson, a colored boy, won the 440-yard dash in the Occidental University Southern California meet. q The Smart Set Athletic Club of Brooklyn, conducted "one of the most successful meets PAULINE, IN "LADY OF LYONS." held in the various armories I this winter." Ted Meredith, of the University of Pennsylvania, won the J. B. Taylor memorial quarter-mile race. Howard Drew and other colored athletes scored in several events. &lt;I Troop G, 10th U. S. Cavalry, Burlington, Vt., attended the British Columbia, Ottawa and Montreal horse show at Montreal. ^ At a basketball meet in Manhattan Casino, New York, Howard University defeated the Monticello A. C. of Pittsburgh. ^ The Hon. Henry T. Eubanks, a colored man who was three times elected to the Ohio legislature, is dead. &lt;J Miss E. F. Wilson, of Washington, D. C, has been made assistant director of domestic science in the colored schools. &lt;I Miss Marion Green, who is now attending Hillsdale College, Hillsdale, Mich., is a graduate of Storer College, Harper's Ferry. She is doing excellent work and is abreast with the best minds of the college. Out of more than 500 students, only four received the mark of A , she being one of the four. Miss Green is working her way through college by cooking for some of the private families. MUSIC AND ART. A T the "recital of songs by American composers," which was given March 6 at the MacDowell Club in New York City, "Since You Went Away," a song by the colored composer, J . Rosamond Johnson, was sung by Charlotte Lind, soprano. &lt;I On February 22, at the Howard Theatre, Washington, D. C , the Howard University Dramatic Club presented Bulwer-Lytton's "Lady of Lyons." Miss Osceola McCarthy, in the role of Pauline, exhibited talent of a very high order. •J A t the recent civic-welfare exhibit at the Newport, R. L , high school, many of the designs and plans were constructed by Wellington Willard, a student in the high school. In the president's report special mention was made of Mr. Willard's work in water colors. &lt;I Will Cook's characteristic Negro songs have become popular with American singers in the South. "Exhortation" was lately sung by Frank Agar, of Texas Christian University, 14 THE who was the honor guest of the Harmony Club of Polytechnic College of Fort Worth, Tex. *I A Lenten musicale was given for charity at the home of Mrs. Albert S. Reed, New York City, on March 22. The program was presented under the direction of Mr. U. G. Chalmers. ^ The music department of Sam. Houston College, of Austin Tex., one of the progressive freedmen's schools of the South, of which R. S. Lovinggood is president, has been reorganized this year under the efficient directorship of W . E . Lew, of Boston, Mass. The course embraces instruction in piano, voice, public-school music and choral work. A concert of much interest was given by the department on March 11, for which Professor Lew deserves considerable praise. &lt;J Mr. James A. Mundy, composer of "Ethiopia,'' directed an emancipation chorus at the semi-centennial celebration in Chicago. &lt;J Concerts and entertainments to help in the purchase of the home of the late Coleridge-Taylor are to be held in Boston, Washington, D. C , and Washington, Pa. ^ G. Ricordi &amp; Company have published two songs by J. Rosamond Johnson, with words by James W. Johnson: "Since You Went Away" and "The Awakening." At Mount Vernon, N. Y., a concert in behalf of St. Clement's Chapel was given by a number of white artists. *I Clarence Withington, 13 years of age, of Brooklyn, N. Y., was awarded a prize for his water-color work at the Brooklyn Hobby Show. There were 2,000 exhibitors and fifty-eight prizes were awarded. ^ Madame Azalia Hackley, soprano, assisted by Kempner Harreld, violinist and director of the musical department of the Atlanta Baptist College, appeared at the Auditorium Armory at Atlanta, Ga., as conductor of the students' musical festival. Compositions by colored composers were given by a male chorus of 250 voices and the Atlanta Baptist orchestra. Commenting on this festival, the Atlanta Journal says: "The musical festival and voice demonstration by Madame Hackley and students at Atlanta Baptist College drew an audience of 4,000 white and colored people to the auditorium. In addition to the large local CRISIS MELNOTTE, IN ' 'LADY OF LYONS." representation present, former students and alumni of the college were there from various other towns and cities in Georgia and Alabama. "A n interesting and varied program was rendered, consisting of exercises in voice culture, orchestral selections, old-time Negro melodies, instrumental solos and melodies by Negro composers, and renditions of Kip ling's 'Rolling Down to Rio' and Gounod's 'Gallia,' by a male chorus of 250 voices. "As a whole, the entertainment was very creditable. Many numbers elicited vigorous and enthusiastic applause from the audience." ^ "Creole Candjo" is the title of a song, in the French patois of. Louisiana, included in the repertoire of Madame Marcella Sembrich at a farewell recital in Carnegie Hall in New York. ALONG THE COLOR LINE THE GHETTO. THE fate of the new Northern "Jim Crow" legislation is so fax as follows: In Michigan the marriage bill was not reported from the committee. *J In Delaware the separate-car law may pass the house, but will not pass the senate. In California the separate-school law was killed in committee. *) In Colorado the separate-school law was voted down. &lt;! The anti-marriage bill in Kansas passed the house but was killed in the senate committee. fl1 The anti-marriage bill in Iowa was indefinitely postponed by a vote of 27 to 16. This was the last of three bills introduced in that State. In the State of Washington the marriage bill was killed in the judiciary committee of the senate. In Missouri the separate-car law was killed in committee and the segregation bill was voted down. *J In Ohio the anti-marriage bill has been killed after a severe fight. *J In St. Louis, Mo., a colored woman who gained a position of stenographer by civil-service examination was rejected by Denis A . Ryan, the Irish assistant custodian of the custom house. ^ In Chicago, ILL., 1,000 white women refused to dine at the Hotel L a Salle because the management would not seat the Negro delegates. The Levy bill, providing against discrimination on account of race or color, has passed the New York assembly and now goes to the senate. *I At the Progressive party conference at Baltimore colored delegates were not allowed to use the elevator's in the hotel. THE COURTS. 'T'H E Massachusetts Supreme Court has held that a slave marriage must be regarded as a lawful marriage. The decision was won by Mr. Clement G. Morgan in a case which had been decided against him in the lower courts. *J The Supreme Court of Florida has recently had before it the case where in eight years the sheriff had drawn no colored man on the jury. The court declared: ''We have held in effect that our statutes on the subject of the selection of jurors do not discriminate, and do not authorize discrimination against any person for jury service because of race or color. But that if the executive officers charged with the duty of executing such statutory provisions deliberately, in the execution thereof, discriminated against Negroes because of their color or race, it would be not only a violation of our statutes, but would violate the provision of the Fourteenth Amendment to the Federal Constitution, and would render their actions null and void in any case in which such discrimination occurred." (Montgomery vs. State, 55 Fla. 97, 45 South Rep. 879.) Mr. I. S. Purcell was the attorney who won this case. *J In Georgia a colored man was accused of assault on two white women of notorious reputation. The evidence was flimsy and the jury found the defendant guilty of criminal assault, but recommended that he be punished as for a misdemeanor. The court allowed the white audience to vote on the subject. They were divided in sentiment, but the judge gave the colored man a severe sentence. The governor pardoned the colored man. CRIME. LYNCHINGS have occurred as follows: At Mondak, Mont., a Negro, for shooting the sheriff and his deputy. At Union City, Tenn., one colored man, for the murder of an aged white man. At Issaquena, Miss., a colored man, for the murder of a white man. At Albany, Ga., a colored man, for no apparent reason. In the county jail at West Point, Miss., a colored man, for an assault upon the sheriff. At Kosciusko, Miss., and at Marshall, Tex., colored men, for alleged assaults on white women. At Springfield, Miss., Hickory, Miss., and Pensacola, Fla., colored men, for murderous assaults on white men. *J The Pennsylvania legislature is considering a bill to abolish lynching by subjecting the sheriff to forfeiture of office and the payment of a fine to the relatives of the lynched man. HARRIET TUBMAN—1813 (?)-1913. MEN OF THE MONTH GORDON DAVID HOUSTON. A TEACHER OF ENGLISH. GORDON DAVID HOUSTON was born in Cambridge, Mass., May 6, 1880. He was graduated with honors from the Cambridge English High School in 1898 and from the Latin school in 1900. In 1904 he received his bachelor's degree, cum laude, from Harvard College. Mr. Houston has taught at Tuskegee and in the colored high schools of Baltimore and Washington. Lately he was placed at the head of the departments of English in Howard University. He is a teacher of sympathy and breadth and has always taken active interest in the social and athletic activities of the schools where he has taught. A WIFE AND MOTHER. CAROLINE V. ROBINSON, the daughter of George M . and Caroline Kelly, of Baltimore, died recently at her home in Lexington, Ky . Mrs. Robinson married Dr. Perry D. Robinson in 1891, and was the mother of three children. She was a beautiful woman, and yet, as the teachers of the Chandler A. M. A. School write: "So little consideration did she give to merely external charms that those who loved her best lost sight of these in their contemplation of her graces of mind and heart." The head of the Lexington colored orphanage says in a letter to the local paper: "As promoter of the Colored Orphan In THE LATE MRS. CAROLINE V. ROBINSON. TH E CRISIS dustrial Home, of which, from the beginning', Mrs. Robinson had been the honored secretary, the writer had seen much of her both in her business and domestic relations; and after eighteen years of such observation his unreserved testimony is that as a sensitive, honorable and circumspect official and a wise and judicious mother, but few, if any, could have excelled her." DR. SOLOMON C. FULLER. A PATHOLOGIST. OLOMON C. FULLER was born in Monrovia, Liberia, August 11, 1872. He came to the United States in 1889, to study at Livingstone College, Salisbury, N. C , which he entered in the fall of that year, graduating with the class of 1893. He studied medicine at Long Island College Hospital, Brooklyn, N. Y., and at Boston University, graduating from the latter in 1897. Immediately upon finishing the medical school he was appointed an interne at Westborough State Hospital (Mass.), and two years later was promoted to be pathologist. Subsequently, he studied at the Carnegie Laboratory, New York, under Prof. Edward K . Dunham, and at the Psychiatric Clinic of the University of Munich, Bavaria, with Professors E. Kraepelin and A. Alzheimer, also at the Pathological Institute of the University of Munich, with Professors Bollinger and Schmaus. He is a member of the New England Society of Psychiatry, the Association of Neuropathologists, an associate of the American Medico-Psychological Association, the Boston Medical Library, etc. For the past four years Dr. Fuller has been an instructor in normal and pathological anatomy of the nervous system, department of neu^ rology, Boston University. He is the'editor of Westborough. State Hospital Papers (a publication in which appears the scientific work of the members of the hospital staff), and the author of several contributions to the pathological anatomy of the brain in persons dying of mental diseases. M DAVID LIVINGSTONE AND HARRIET TUBMAN. T N March, 1813, David Livingstone was born in Scotland, and at nearly the same time (the exact date is unknown) Harriet Tubman was born on the eastern shore of Maryland. Livingstone died in Africa forty years ago this month, while Harriet Tubman died but yesterday, having lived a century. Both these sincere souls gave their lives for black men. One explored Africa, but did not stop with lake and mountain, but saw and knew the human hearts that beat in those dark bodies and tried to make a deaf world realize that they were fellow men. The other, Harriet Tubman, fought American slavery single handed and was a pioneer in that organized effort known as the Underground Railroad. She was born a slave, nearly beaten to death by her master and ran away. Then she returned and helped others to escape. Rewards amounting to $40,000 were offered for her dead or alive, but she flitted like a shadow south and north and north and south, until she had led thousands into freedom and was known all over the nation as "Moses." Wendell Phillips and other noted abolitionists knew her. John Brown sought her aid and counsel. When the Negro soldiers marched south she went as nurse and spy with the famous 51st Massachusetts Infantry, under Colonel Shaw. Photograph by Underwood &amp; Underwood. DAVID LIVINGSTONE—1813-1873. LIES IF MEN wanted proof of the utterly indefensible logic of racial hatred it could be found in the necessity of such prejudice to bolster its case by deliberate lying, deception and subterfuge. A prominent official of Australia, for instance, says blandly in an interview: "We find our educational test capable of ingenious application in such a way as to shut out any undesirables who are not covered by any other detail of the law, and it is used, occasionally, for that especial purpose. Our law provides that those applying for entrance must be able to read and write some given language and knowledge of any language may be required upon occasion —the language is not specified. This, it will be readily understood, gives us a bar which we may raise to shut out any individual whom it would not conserve our interests to admit into the country. The device is not. used against white persons unless there is the gravest doubt of their desirability; but it may sometime's have been used against others." A similar case is in the United States civil service. John T. Paynter, writing in the Washington Post, says: "The adverse conditions and obstacles which confront the ambitious Negro in his efforts to scale the heights of governmental preferment are forcibly illustrated in the case of A . "He entered the service as an unclassified laborer, possessed of a common school education, which, combined with fine native ability and refined gentility, made him popular with all classes of employees. "Through an executive order of January 12, 1905, he became eligible for and passed the clerk-promotion examination. He applied for a clerkship at $900 in a particular office, and in lieu of one at $900 was offered one at $660, which was his salary as an unclassified laborer. He was told that he could not possibly be appointed in that office at $900, as that would place him over men already in the office, neither of whom had taken the examination for promotion. "The young man, after many appeals to those who control appointments, took his case to the secretary in person, who called for a list of vacancies. The list, furnished in response to this demand, showed a number of vacancies of the $900 grade. "In this case the secretary, to his credit, without the slightest hesitation, ordered the applicant assigned at $900 in the division which he had sought." Another case is that of John P. Ford, a colored clerk in the Indian Bureau. The white man whom he excelled in the civil-service examinations was appointed before Ford and rapidly promoted to a $2,000 position. Ford is getting $1,000. But perhaps the most astounding and barefaced lying has been done by certain Southern papers concerning the late suffrage parade in Washington. The Richmond Times-Despatch is angry when the Washington chief of police said: "That he feared the parade because the riffraff of the South would be here (in Washington) to attend the inauguration of a Democratic President." The Times-Despatch then proceeds to declare in its news columns that "The jeers and commonplace humor came mostly from youths, Negroes and men under liquor." This is in flat contradiction to all the testimony, but the New Orleans Times-Democrat ignores the testimony and on its editorial page perpetrates this flat falsehood: "The Washington police force and the Negro hoodlums that infest the national capital will apparently divide between them most of the responsibility and "discredit for the outrageous treatment accorded women marchers in the suffrage pageant of last OPINION Monday. The Washington Negroes' part in the disgraceful affair for some reason has been 'played down' in the telegraphic accounts of the parade and of the Senatorial investigation that followed it." Thereupon the paper proceeds: "That city is cursed with the presence in great numbers of blacks whose offensive conduct would not be tolerated anywhere else. Not a few, we dare say, are criminal refugees who find asylum in the national capital and are encouraged there by a curious tolerance traceable to political sources to follow their evil bents shameless and unafraid. Repeatedly during the past few years the white residents of Washington have been roused, by epidemics of Negro crime, to vigorous protest." How can one expect the ignorant white masses of the South to know the truth when information is thus deliberately poisoned at the sources? Wh y does the South so fear and shun the truth and how long will the nation coddle it in this fear? The Washington Times says: "Southern senators are hostile to Dr. Charles P. Neill's reappointment as Commissioner of Labor, because he made a report on conditions in the Southern cotton mills that offended some Southern sensibilities. "Are Southern cotton mills so sacred, in the view of Southern senators, that it is criminal to tell the truth about them because they are Southern? The Neill report on conditions at Lawrence, Mass., was vastly more harsh in its criticisms and extreme in recommendations than was the report on Southern mill conditions; but we hear no Southern senator assailing Neill for that piece of work. "If the gentlemen from the South insist on a Department of Labor that will spray attar of roses on the industrial stench places of the South, then in fairness they should prescribe eau de cologne for Pittsburgh, violet water for Lawrence and Fall River, and breath of lilacs for sweatshops everywhere. "If the new Department of Labor is to be a job for whitewashers, let's be honest about it and engage the most expert we can of them." The real cause of Southern fear is thus summed up "by St. Luke's Herald, a colored paper of Virginia: "Yes, we want suffrage for Southern white women; but if Southern Negro women must be included, then we prefer to do without suffrage. "We are hungry in the South, but if the bringing of bread to us means that the Negro must share even in scraps and crumbs, then we will go on starving. "We want education, want it badly; but if the giving of education to us means that the Negro will learn to read and write, then we will go on in ignorance. "We want capital, manufactures and mer cantile enterprises in the South; but if you are going to allow the Negro men and women to labor therein, so that they can have a little money, we would rather do without much, to keep them from having little. "The South is still under the blight and everlasting curse of slavery. The South is still gathering the vengeance of a just God. The South is still the land of bondage. There is no freedom in the South for either white or black. Race hate rules and predominates. There is no law for the Negro, but injustice and oppression — civilly, politically and educationally. "But can these wrongs go on forever? "No. God is just and right. The day must win!" THE MAN FARTHEST DOWN. MR. BOOKER T. WASHINGTON has a report in the Independent on Mr. Watt Terry, a remarkable young Negro capitalist of Brockton, Mass. Terry has a gross monthly income of over $6,000 from $400,000 worth of real estate. He began business twelve years ago. The article rightly emphasizes the fact that grit, honesty and ability will tell even for black Americans. It is proper that such cases should be spoken of and given their full value. A t the same time one reads with interest the statement of an Austrian observer, Robert Braun, in the Public, commenting on a review of Mr. Washington's last book by J. H . Dillard: "Booker T. Washington surely deserves the praise of Professor Dillard, and even more than that. I have always considered him as the best representative of American character. I know of no other man who has made such a wonderful progress out of the deepest ignorance and poverty. He is the most energetic and most optimistic manever met. But with all my admiration for THE CRISIS him, if I were a Negro I would not follow him. I believe, in his great optimism, he has not the right conception of the situation of his race. And I believe many Americans share what I regard as his mistaken optimism. "First of all, there is hardly anywhere in Europe a race question in the American sense. With us it is mostly a question of languages, where the ultimate aim is to assimilate the other 'race.' There is, of course, oppression, and force is used against people speaking another language, in Hungary and in other European countries; but the aim is not to exclude them, but just the opposite—to assimilate them. They are not excluded from the schools and churches of the ruling 'race'; on the contrary, they are forced to join them. No liberal-thinking man can justify such measures, but they are certainly a milder form of oppression than those usual in America, on both sides of the Mason and Dixon line. I would be even so tactless (you do not want to be always tactful) as to say that I know of no country in the world where 'the man farthest down' would be more hopelessly down than is the Negro in America. There is no doubt in my mind that the Negro farmer lives more comfortably, that he is more intelligent and more virtuous than the majority of peasants in Southeastern Europe. But the feeling of human happiness is based largely upon comparison with the condition of our neighbors, and upon hopefulness. Where legal and social equality is racial, oppression is more keenly resented than in countries where oppression is common. An d what hope can a Negro in America have where the most prominent Negro, Booker T. Washington, boasts in the most childish way of having once had tea in a dining car without being turned out? How many Negroes enjoy the same privilege in the South, after so many years under that Constitutional amendment which is directed against discrimination 'on account of race, color, or previous condition of servitude?' Is there any people or nation in Europe in the same hopeless inequality? And who would not, ceteris paribus, prefer to be a Jew in Russia than to be a Negro in America? "M y investigations in the South led me to the conclusion that the race question has not yet reached its climax in America. Most Negroes acquiesce in their present condition. Their inevitable progress in education will change all that; it will make them dissatisfied. The Southern white man will make no concession to a Negro just because he has become more cultivated, because he uses more soap and better English. On the contrary, the more he will then insist upon drawing the color line." Two classes of Americans seem POLITICS worried over President Wilson and Negro appointments to office: the colored Democrats and the white Southern politicians. One attempt to draw the President out resulted in a letter saying: "I have made it an absolute rule not to indicate what I am going to do about appointments because I am not now making promises of any kind, but I am sure you will not yourself feel uneasy after the general assurance I have taken pleasure in giving you from time to time." This causes some hilarity among colored editors. The Richmond Planet says: "Visions of that magnificent banquet to their 'new-found' leader float before us and now we are about to witness the blasting of all of their hopes. We would remind our friends that it is a poor plan to go hunting with a band of music or with a flare of trumpets. "When white men cannot get office, what will make them angrier than to see colored men get office? The notice of intentions given out, followed by this open application for patronage, .to our minds emphasizes the fact that our colored political friends are passing from one big blunder to another." The New York Evening Post adds: "The raid of colored Democrats upon the White House last week, with the demand that every Negro Republican be turned out and the offices be given to them and their friends, shows that these members of the emancipated race have patterned after the practical politicians among the whites. Twenty years ago such a demand would have seemed reasonable, if not proper; to-day we are decades away from this brutal spoilsman's attitude. That the Wilson administration will be in the least degree influenced by such a demand we have not the slightest belief. In the whole matter of officeholding by Negroes Mr. Wilson has yet to define his attitude, but he has already made it clear that he is not going to turn over the offices to the spoilsmen." OPINION The Augusta Chronicle is calm and judicial: "It appears that a number of Negroes have made request on the administration for a reasonable allotment of the Federal.patronage to men and women of their race, because they are Democrats, and because they represent their race in politics. So far as known, the administration, through President Wilson or any one else, has made no statement of policy in reply to this request, and it is taken that there will be no statement, as there is no necessity therefor. "The Negroes making the request fell into error. That there will be Negro Democrats appointed to office there is no doubt. But they will not be appointed because they are Negroes. Rather, because they are Democrats, are efficient and are suitable for the places to which they aspire. They must rely on their individual qualifications, not on the fact of their race." The Macon Telegraph is implacable: "After having been paid for their votes so long by a commercial G. 0. P., these Northern 'Afro-Americans' seem to have developed extremely exaggerated notions as to the magnitude of the reward due them for their political support." The Roanoke (Va.) News suggests a way out in the appointment of a large number of Negro janitors and menials and quotes a local Negro politician as demanding "more jobs for little men": "This is mighty sensible, straightforward talk and, coming from a member of the Negro race, should carry weight and conviction. If this plan were followed it would go a long way toward satisfying the Negro vote and removing the objectionable feature of placing Negroes in command and direction of white men and women." THE WORLD PROBLEM OF THE FUTURE. Now and then an American wakes up and realizes that the problem of the color line is destined to loom large in the future and that the attitude of this country will need some careful attention. "Observer," writing in the Chicago Tribune, says that the opening of the Panama Canal brings us face to face with the race problems of the West Indies and Central America: "The upper class being white, the lower being Negro, Indian, or a mixture of both, and there always being a number of mixed bloods, the race question cannot be ignored. "The bitter antagonism and prejudice prevalent in this country do not exist. There is, however, a feeling varying in different countries. The mixed bloods always envy the pure white, and do not feel themselves quite their equals. "The pure whites boast of their blood! "The pure-blood native and Negro making up the mass of the victims of an unjust system and seeing the white and near white in the majority of cases reaping the benefit cannot help but feel that race has something to do with it." He concludes that: "To help, we have got to find satisfactory means "1. To bring about just economic con ditions for the mass of the people without unjust discrimination against any class. "2. To endeavor to do away with what little race prejudice exists without injecting into it any of our own violence or hatred. "3. To bring about the development of the country while preventing its exploitation. "4. To educate and develop the people so that they may gradually take charge of their own affairs. "5. To bring about proper sanitary conditions while educating the people as to their necessity. "6. If accomplishing these ends necessitates remaining until the people recognize themselves as belonging to the United States, to face squarely the question as to -whether or not the Constitution follows the flag. If it does, to apply it. If it does not, to say so and provide for a proper government. "In other words, we will only find repeated the problems which we already face in Porto Rico and the Philippines." Herbert Quick, in the Grand Rapids (Mich.) Press, sees the real way out: "As if to give us another chance for redemption, there is being revealed to the white race—and to it almost exclusively—the vision of democracy. This vision comes to an intellect in which honesty and candor have been defined through the redemptive grace of modern science. So the crisis of the white peril is on, in the question as to whether the THE CRISIS white race will be true to Christianity as revealed in democracy or will be false to it as it was to the first revelation. "It is not too late for the white peril to be turned into the hope of the world. It may be. We have lost the confidence of the other passengers on the good ship Earth, and we can win it again only by bringing our government up to our highest ideals and living down our past. Not until we have so lived our Christianity and our democracy that our purposes shall be known to be pure, and not until we have extirpated our unchristian poverty and oppression can we expect our brother races to believe in us as true soldiers of the common good." Even the white South, in the vision of broad men like S. C. Mitchell, president of the University of South Carolina, sees the light. He says, in "The Phases of Progress Toward Peace," published by the Maryland Peace Society: "The South is coming to embrace the view that the African is not the Achilles heel of American destiny, and that his presence here is not an accident, but an integral part of the purpose of God in bringing that race to share in the common inheritances of mankind. If so, the South today in its heroic struggle is tugging at a task of world significance. This view strings with energy the arm of every man who is striving for a nobler social order here, founded upon justice and the spirit of mutual helpfulness." The Federation of Religious Liberals at their last meeting passed this resolution: "We plead for all the possible wise ways and means for allaying race prejudice by removing its causes, and to this end we urge the broader education of both races—the final result to be a larger measure of political, social and economic justice to govern the treatment of the weaker races by the stronger. Larger patience in dealing with the problem and more sympathy in dealing with the people of color may well go hand in hand with the impartial application of all of the constitutional and legal safeguards for the protection of the Negro in his necessarily slow development." The Christian Recorder. the EDUCATION. oldest colored paper, calls at tention to the wretched condition of the Negro common school. The census figures are: Total Xo. No. No. not State 6 to 20 vs. enrolled enrolled United States. .3,422,157 1,619,699 1,802,458 Virginia 242,413 114,346 128,067 North Carolina. 264,025 143,039 120,986 South Carolina. 331,429 151,726 179,703 Georgia 439,485 185,191 254,295 Florida 101,285 44,634 56,651 Kentucky 81.976 44,064 37,912 Tennessee 163,397 77,153 86,244 Alabama 327,176 133,191 193,985 Mississippi ... . 372,331 192,826 179,505 Arkansas 159,431 77,467 81,964 Louisiana 254,580 73,478 181,102 The editor comments as follows: " A study of the statistics shows that 645 out of every 1,000 white children, between 6 and 20 years of age, were in school; only 455 out of every 1,000 Negroes of the same ages were enrolled. "Between the ages of 6 and 20 years, the legal school age in many States, there were ' 3,422,157 Negroes. Of these 1,619,699 were in school, and 1,802,458 Negro children of this age were not in school. "O f the tender age between 6 and 10 years, when every normal child ought to be in school, there were 990,850 Negro children; of these . 488.954 were in school and 501.896. or more than half, were out of school. "Between 10 and 15 years of age there were 1,155.266 Negro children. Of these 791,995 were in school and 363,271 were out of school. Between 6 and 15 years of age there were 865,167 Negro children who were not even enrolled during the whole of the year 1909-1910." THE NEGRO WORKER. The Survey says of the black BUILDERS of the Panama Canal: "The police force consists largely of Jamaicans and other West Indian Negroes who have previously served as soldiers in the British army. As teamsters they have shown extraordinary capacity for improvement and are now generally as trustworthy as any who could be found to manage the army mules. As pitmen around the feet of the almost human steam shovels they may aspire to count their wages proudly in gold, and even in the strong rooms of the treasurer and disbursing officer they are employed in places requiring intelligence and character. "Best of all, they do not furnish a marked disproportion of criminals. Much of the crime with which the local courts deal OPINION does appear among them for the same reason that it appears among the immigrants in our cities, because they are relatively 'the poor,' the part of the population which is paid least, has least at stake in the community, has least of opportunity and of outlook." The great difficulty with the Negro worker is the determination to keep him poor and make him a menial. Mary W. Ovington says in the New Review: "The share tenants whom I saw in the Southern black-belt counties of Alabama were nine-tenths of them Negroes, but their economic status was the same as that of the Northern white tenants. They sowed their cotton and corn and their landlords reaped the profits. Their legal status was worse than that of the whites, for justice, when it con cerned them in their relations with white men, did not exist. Kindliness was sometimes present, but when this was lacking in the white employing class brutality might and did run riot. 'I'd rather have Niggers than whites work for me,' one of the sensual, cruel employers said, 'for yer can do anything yer want with a Nigger." And so this employer did; for he ordered his overseer to drive his men to work at the point of a pistol, and to beat the mother who took her child out of the cotton field and sent him to school. "I used to think, as I traveled over the rough, dreary roads, and saw the impoverished workers, that nowhere could one better realize the folly of allowing a few individuals to gain economic control • in a country. Everything that nature gave was being exhausted—the soil, the noble supply of timber, the hearts of the men and women and little children. One never came upon a pleasant village street with freshly painted houses and trim lawns, one rarely saw a schoolhouse. Only a tired land and a tired, ignorant people, performing a degrading work. Can the Socialist party arouse these workers to rebel against their condition?" Add to the above a letter in the Baltimore Sun: "In 1849 my grandfather gave Betsy Kendrick, a young colored woman, 24 years of age, to my father for a cook. She was given a comfortable home in the yard and treated as a member of the family. But that eventful day, when Sherman made his march to the sea, Betsy was carried off by one of her admirers. At the end of three months she was back, to the great joy of all. Thoroughly penitent, she exclaimed: 'Please forgive me, missis, I never would have gone, but I was so harassed.' "Though my father and mother have passed away, Betsy has never left us, but still lives in her same house and cooks with an assistant, but gives you to understand she is 'head.' "She has never demanded any wages, but the bargain is one quart of whiskey every Saturday. "May God spare her to us for a few more years, and when she dies a monument will be erected to Betsy Kendrick: " 'Well done, thou good and faithful servant.' MRS. C. L. HOPKINS, "Lincolnton, N . C." We trust Betsy will thoroughly enjoy that monument! Another characteristic Southernism is the editorial comment of the Birmingham Age- Herald on a meeting of Negroes which the governor and a colored educator addressed: "There were more than 100 white people present, nearly one-fourth of whom were women, whose maids and cooks and butlers were in the audience. Yet there was the same respect shown the white people on the part of the Negroes that was accorded them in their homes. Seats were vacated to give room for the mistress and their white employers, the Negroes surging backward toward the rear of the church. "Governor O'Neal occupied a seat on the platform, as did two members of the Supreme Court and other State officials. Following the address of the Negro educator, Governor O'Neal made a timely speech, bringing applause from the crowded house, and voicing the sentiment of all the white people present. He declared that the Negro's ignorance, his poverty and his degradation would have sufficient weight to drag the white people down if the Negro's condition were not improved, stating that it was the duty of the white people to help the black race in order to improve the economic and industrial conditions of the State. "The occasion was probably unlike any other that was ever witnessed in the State. The majority of the white people present shook hands with the speaker when the meeting adjourned, after which they left the church, the Negroes standing aside to allow the white people to pass." EDITORIAL PEACE. AT the coming meeting of the peace societies at St. Louis the question of peace between civilized and backward peoples will not probably be considered. The secretary of the New York Peace Society writes us that "Ou r peace congresses have not dealt in the past with the relations of civilized and non-civilized people ;'' and he thinks that largely on this account "our American congresses have been more dignified and more influential than those held abroad. "We are not sure about that word "influential,'' but there is no doubt about the dignity of the American peace movement. It has been so dignified and aristocratic that it has been often most difficult for the humbler sort of folk to recognize it as the opponent of organized murder. At a recent meeting of the New York Peace Society the war in the Balkans was eulogized and applauded, and the president stated that "when we advocate peace " it is for nations '' worthy of it!" Such a peace movement belies its name. Peace to-day, if it means anything, means the stopping of the slaughter of the weaker by the stronger in the name of Christianity and culture. The modern lust for land and slaves in Africa, Asia and the South Seas is the greatest and almost the only cause of war between the so-called civilized peoples. For such "colonial" aggression and "imperial" expansion England, France, Germany, Russia and Austria are straining every nerve to arm themselves; against such policies Japan and China are arming desperately. And yet the American peace movement thinks it bad policy to take up this problem of machine guns, natives and rubber, and wants "constructive" work in "arbitration treaties and international law." For our part we think that a little less dignity and dollars and a little more humanity would make the peace movement in America a great democratic philantropy instead of an aristocratic refuge. THE VIGILANCE COMMITTEE: A CALL TO ARMS. THERE is scarcely a com munity in the United States where a group of colored people live that has not its vigilance committee. Sometimes this committee is organized and has a name indicating its function. Sometimes it is organized for Other purposes and becomes a vigilance committee on occasion. In other cases the committee has no regular organization or membership ; it springs into being on occasion, but consists of approximately the same group of persons from year to year. The work of these vigilance committees is to protect the colored people in their several communities from aggression. The aggression takes the form of hostile laws and ordinances, curtailment of civil rights, new racial discriminations, overtax or oversevere enforcement of the law. curtailment of opportunities. EDITORIAL etc. Sometimes this aggression is but the careless act of thoughtless folk and needs but a word in season to correct it. More often it is a part of that persistent underground campaign centering largely among white Americans of Southern birth which is determined so to intrench color caste in the United States as to make it impossible for any person of Negro blood to be more than a menial. Against both sorts of racial aggression organized effort is necessary. Many thoughtful colored people have sought to avoid this; to act independently and to refuse to meet organization by organization. This in most cases has been found impossible. The blows of racial and color prejudice fall on all alike, rich and poor, educated and ignorant, and all must stand together and fight. The methods of these vigilance committees are various. The simplest action is the appointment of a committee of one or more to call on some official or person of influence; from this, action extends to letters and the press, pamphlets, legislative hearings, mass meetings, petitions, etc. In a few cases threats and violence have been attempted, but these are at present exceptional. From this procedure on the. part of tens of thousands of largely isolated groups much actual good has been done and much experience accumulated. The time is now evidently at hand to fund and pool this nation-wide experience, and to systematize this scattered local effort into steady, persistent and unwavering pressure. As it is, unorganized local effort loses much time and energy in reorganizing for every new object; organized local efforts lack experience and knowledge of similar action elsewhere. Henceforth we must act together and we must fight continuously. The object of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People is to federate local vigilance committees among colored people in every community in the United States; to co ordinate their activities, to exchange experiences and to concentrate the application of funds where the need is greatest. Hitherto we have spoken almost exclusively of the central office of the association in New York and its work. The central office is now permanently established, with executive officers and an organ of publicity read by at least 150,000 of the most intelligent colored people in the land. We are now turning our attention to the branches in order, on the one hand, to build a sure foundation and support • for the national body and, on the other hand, chiefly to federate and organize the local battle against race prejudice. What then is a local branch of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People? It is an organization of men and women, white and colored, working in a given locality for the overthrow of race prejudice and color caste. It should have, among other things, twelve principal functions: 1. Legislation. It should watch hostile and discriminating legislation, hostile and discriminating administration of the law and injustice in the courts. 2. Discrimination. It should note the barometer of racial discrimination and see that it does not fall a single degree in the matters of civil rights, in parks, museums, theatres and places of public accommodation and amusement. It should note new efforts at discrimination, have them systematically and promptly reported. It should note old habits of discrimination and have them wisely but persistently opposed. It should note the action of the police and discrimination in charitable and settlement work. 3. Legal Redress. It should see that good test cases of the rights of Negro citizens are brought before the courts and strong decisions obtained. 4. Laws. It should seek to secure new laws and ordinances to protect the lives and property of citizens and to THE CRISIS prevent race discrimination. In cases where race discrimination is too strongly intrenched to be attacked at present it should secure at least equal rights and accommodations for colored citizens. 5. Education. It should see that every colored child between the ages of 5 and 14 years is in school; that the largest possible number of colored children finish the high school; that every colored boy and girl who shows good ability goes to a good college; that careful technical training in some branch of modern industry is furnished all colored children. It should see that libraries, museums, etc., are open to colored folk and that they use them. 6. Health. It should conserve the health and healthful habits of the colored people, particularly in the matters of fresh air, sensible clothing, good food and healthy amusement. 7. Occupations. It should see that the colored youth have a larger opportunity for employment at better wages than now; that they have a chance of promotion according to merit; that they are urged into new and higher avenues of endeavor, especially in lines of litera ture, pictorial art, music, business, execu tive work and skilled labor of the higher sorts and scientific farming. It should see that co-operative effort to furnish capital is encouraged and wise investments extended and guarded, and capital put at the disposal of the honest and efficient. 8. Co-operation. It should endeavor to co-operate and advise with all general philanthropic effort and have the colored people represented on boards of control. 9. Publicity and Information. It should stop the conscious and unconscious enmity of the daily and weekly press and seek to abate scurrilous headlines and contemptuous and belittling reports: it should send letters to newspapers, answer attacks, visit the editors; furnish the papers with news of events; give facilities to reporters to see the best and follow them up ; it should see that the cause of the Negro is represented on all public occasions; it should send lec turers and lantern slides to clubs and meetings, etc. It should publish pamphlets and dis tribute them and use every opportunity to make the Negro church a vehicle of uplifting information to Negroes. 10. Racial Contact. It should use every opportunity to bring the best representatives of both races into helpful and enlightening contact; it should bring white lecturers on all subjects to colored audiences and colored lecturers to white audiences; it should arrange conferences. 11. Political Action. It should see that colored people qualify as voters according to law and vote intelligently at every election. It should keep the records of legislators and Congressmen on racial discrimination and publish the record before each election with such promises for the future as can be obtained. It should discourage and expose bribery, and support only the best qualified candidates, black and white. 12. Meetings. The branch should have an executive committee, which should meet regularly at least once a month for reports and plan of campaign. It should have a secretary with an office open each day. It should arrange at least four times a year large meetings of members and friends for lectures, reports and protests. In fine, the local branch should try, in each community, North and South, East and West, to solve the Negro problem in that community by making the injustice of discrimination clear to all, and the need of equal opportunity plain to the most prejudiced. Finally, let the locals support the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People We have 1,500 members. We want 10,000 members who will contribute at least a dollar apiece to the national body in order to effect the second and final emancipation of the Negro in America; in order that the national body may become a great clear EDITORIAL ing house for information and experience, and be able to concentrate money and help on particular plague spots of prejudice. We have ten branches which are beginning work as outlined above. Who will be the next ? H WOMAN'S SUFFRAGE. THERE seems to be no doubt but that the attempt to draw the color line in the woman's suffrage movement has received a severe and, let us hope, final setback. Both at Washington and St. Louis the right of the black woman to vote and strive for a vote was openly recognized. There was, to be sure, a struggle in both cases and the forces of caste are not demoralized; they are, however, beaten at present, and a great and good cause can go forward with unbedraggled skirts. Let every black man and woman fight for the new democracy which knows no race or sex. PERSONAL JOURNALISM. ONE of the besetting sins of colored journals is the exploitation of personal animosity in their editorial columns. Indeed, many of these papers never rise above insipidity until they take occasion to abuse somebody. Then they flash and scintillate; the strength and vigor of their English know no bounds, even of grammar, much less of good manners. We have recently seen three of the leading colored weeklies in the United States throwing mud at each other with an energy and vindictiveness which would be laughable if it were not so tragic and ominous. Does such journalism pay? We doubt it seriously. Of course, there is always a deep human interest in a fight. But have we not enough to fight about without fighting each other? And may we not remember that civilization is slowly but surely changing the character of all fighting, especially of newspaper rows? Differences of opinion are not only inevitable, but necessary. Strong beliefs engender strong disagreements. Out of the clash of opinion and desires arises in true democracy the slow triumph of Truth and Right. But this does not involve personal abuse of editor by-editor or pitiable innuendo. The editor who disagrees with you may be neither fool nor rascal, but simply mistaken; or— mirabile dictu! you may be mistaken. In any case, forget the personalities and argue to the principle. A wretched newspaper row may attract attention, but in the end it will bring contempt on the editors and disbelief in their work. This does not mean for a moment any lukewarm or apologetic attitude toward honest belief. TH E CRISIS believes in strong defense and vigorous, uncompromising championship. There is no man so important and no cause so triumphant that TH E CRISIS will not attack them in the defense of right; but the attack will be on principle and not on personalities. It is conceivable that now and then impostors should be exposed and liars called by their right names, but the necessity for this does not often arise and the doing of it does not call for a column of abuse. Let the colored editors resolve to lift their differences to the high plane of principle and let us fight, not each other, but the common foe. "Let us have no more dominant races. We don't want them. They only turn men into insolent brutes."—Edward Jones. m "Education is a very good thing. It makes fools out of some people, but there are more fools who haven't any." —Harriet Tubman. HAGAR AND ISHMAEL By CHARLOTTE TELLER HIRSCH AND Sarah saw the son of Hagar, the Egyptian, which she had borne unto Abraham, mocking. Wherefore she said unto Abraham, Cast out this bondwoman and her son: for the son of this bondwoman shall not be here with my son, even with Isaac. And the thing was very grievous in Abraham's sight because of his son. •ISHMAEL"—AFTER BECQUET IN THE LUXEMBOURG MUSEUM. "And God said unto Abraham, Let it not be grievous in thy sight because of the lad, and because of thy bondwoman; in all that Sarah hath said unto thee, hearken unto her voice; for in Isaac shall thy seed be called. And also of the son of the bondwoman will I make a nation, because he is thy seed. And Abraham rose up early in the morning, and took bread, and a bottle of water, and gave it unto Hagar, putting it on her shoulder, and the child, and sent her away: and she departed and wandered in the wilderness of Beersheba. "And the water was spent in the bottle, and she cast the child under one of the shrubs. And she went, and sat her down over against him a good way off, as it were a bow-shot: for she said, Let me not see the death of the child. An d she sat over against him, and lifted up her voice and wept."—Genesis 21. (Not far from the tents of Abraham. Hagar stands alone, looking out across the desert. In the shade of low and twisted shrubs lies Ishmael, motionless. There is a barren rock into whose shadow the woman comes slowly, her head averted so that she may not see her son.) HAGAR: How Egypt's God has burned this desert dry! And in the flames of His great wrath my Ishmael dies, because in Abram's tent I yielded me. His cries grow faint, while I afraid to look into his eyes, wait here, apart. (Listens a moment then calls.) Oh, Ishmael! ( There comes a moan for answer and she flings herself down upon the sand and reaches up her arms in prayer.) Great God of Egypt, let Thy Nile flow here that he may drink and live, for am I not a child of Egypt still? See how my bosom to the burning sands I bend. Draw from it by Thy power that which his new-born lips once drew. Or let my blood slake his youth's thirst for life. A MINIMUM PROGRAM OF NEGRO ADVANCEMENT 31 See, now my brow upon the sands, for that I know and understand. But need my sou pay for the life I led in Abram's tent? (Listens and calls.) Oh, Ishmael! (This time there is no sound. She rises in terror, her eyes closed, her head lifted in anguish. As she moves toward the bushes her hand touches the rock and she gives a cry, opens her eyes and bends over the crevice, follows it with her gaze and discovers the pool at the base of the rock.) My cry to Egypt's God has rent these rocks! (She rushes' to Ishmael and drags him back to the pool where she gives him to drink from her own hand. Then she lets him slip from her clasp and stoops to drink.) My tears! I know the taste of them! And they have saved his life. ISHMAEL (weakly) : Jehovah lets me live. HAGAR (in horror) : Jehovah, God of Abraham? No! No! He has made mock of us! Did He not promise you should be the father of a race and then let Abram cast you forth with me? (Stoops.) You lie so prone upon the sand, child of the desert, flower of my swift advent to the heart of man. ISHMAEL (lifting his head) : The father of a race. He promised that? HAGAR : The lie of God and Man against a woman slave. ISHMAEL : If we could make it true! (Lifts himself upon his elbow.) HAGAR : If we could breed a race to take great vengeance upon Isaac's seed, his son, who shall have wealth and comfort in his flocks! If we could find upon this fearful plain some child of lust to mother such a race! (Rises.) As you have tasted tears from my own breast and live, you shall eat fruit of evil and grow strong! You shall breed men to mock his God of Greed. Your seed against young Isaac's from this day! He has thrust Hagar forth. But she shall enter in and lure his sons and work destruction in the midst of them! ISHMAEL (rising slowly to his feet) : Your tears were bitter, but I live from them. Your curse upon his tented happiness I hear. Yet I feel joy! Your tears, his blood are mingled in me now; your hate, his strength. New power, I know! How great this wilderness in which we are! How small those tents that we have left behind! Not if I could would I go back to tend those flocks that I might have their fleece. Before me lies the way of exiles'. See! M y sons, all those who are cast out by men. They shall not march in numbers; but, alone, each one shall wander on to his own truth across the desert's stretch. Yet every one of them shall find this pool of tears—the exile's bitter drink, by which he lives—Son of a Slave, but Father to the Free. A Minimum Program of Negro Advancement By WILLIAM ENGLISH WALLING IT is believed by those who  support this program that  all organizations and individuals inspired by a genuine interest in the  advancement of colored  people, no matter how conservative or how radical they may be, no matter what their ultimate views on the race question, may co-operate in the following program: Without reference to color, class or the geographical section, all the humanitarian and enlightened elements of every community in the United States can agree on this program. After these measures are enacted, a further basis of agreement may be found, or more fundamental questions may come into view upon which differences of opinion will prove to be insuperable. But in the meantime the advance not only of the colored people, but of whole sections of the country, and indeed, of the United States generally, depends in a large degree upon the carrying out of the following measures: 1. Lynching must be stopped. In the communities where lynching has become customary, law and order may always be said to have been partly overthrown, and often legal government practically has dis- 32 THE CRISIS appeared as far as the colored people are concerned, and a literal reign of terror prevails in its stead. There are no defenders of the lynching custom among the leading citizens of any section nor among any class of enlightened people. 2. Lynching in the courtroom, such as we see when trials are reduced to a few minutes, is a doubtful improvement over lynching outside of the courts—for the methods are nearly as lawless and the courts are degraded as well as the people. 3. The rights of employers and employees must be held inviolate without regard to color. It is only the most ignorant and backward element of the population in any section that refuses to allow colored working people to enter into employments for which they can prove their fitness to the satisfaction of employers. The tendency to forbid Negroes to work as railway firemen, chauffeurs and in many other occupations where there is an undoubted demand for their labor must be checked. It is generally conceded that the chief reason of the inferiority of slave labor was its lack of opportunity, and for this reason industrial and agricultural education for Negroes is now everywhere approved. They mean nothing if all employments except those that were formerly reserved to slaves are forbidden to the colored people. 4. All forms of peonage and criminal penalties for the violation of contracts by labor must be ended. The danger of these methods is not only that they make criminals, but that they are almost inevitably extended to the lower level of white workers also. The recent actions of several Southern governors show that the related danger of the labor-contract system for prisoners is widely recognized, and neither the people of the United States nor of any State in the Union are ready to stand for the restoration or slavery under peonage or any other name, whether it is a law that makes the breaking of a labor contract a crime or any other similar device. 5. A full common-school education must be guaranteed to every child. This is necessary as a basis for industrial and agricultural training and is absolutely indispensable in many modern employments. Public morality, public health and public order are menaced by illiteracy—which costs much more both to the government and to the business community than the most complete and efficient public-school system. 6. Industrial and agricultural training must be secured for the whole population. The experiments at Tuskegee and Hampton have proved their success and accomplished their purpose. Private endowments, however, cannot cover one-hundredth part of the need. Many of the States where the largest number of colored people live are altogether too poor to do what needs to be done, and besides slavery was a national evil and the expense of doing away with its after effects should be met by the whole nation. Moreover, the largest number of illiterate whites exist in the same sections and these are equally out of the reach of sufficient private or State aid. We must have Federal aid for industrial and agricultural education. And the money so given by the national government must be expended equally upon the colored and the whites. 7. The teachers for these schools must be provided chiefly from the colored population, so also preachers, and a part of all the other professions. In so far as the actual need exists, all will agree efficient higher schools must be provided—or both the colored people and the whole population will feel the evil results. 8. The same protection must be given to colored as to white property owners. We were able to live for nearly fifty years after the end of slavery before the Ghetto system was widely introduced. It is a return to the methods of present-day Russia or of the Middle Ages in other European countries. And it is opposed to the interests of the whole community except those individuals with whom the Negroes are in immediate commercial competition. So costly is it in Russia that appeals from the non-Jewish community for the abolition of Jewish disabilities are frequent, and the first Duma voted unanimously for the end of the Ghetto regime and of other disabilities, with only five members daring even to abstain from the vote. As Russia begins to go forward the United States will certainly not move centuries back. ft. Equal service for equal pay. All the better elements in those communities where racial segregation at present unfortunately prevails will at least assent to this proposition : That these communities will consent to the proposition that there should be equal service for equal pay, and there is no tendency on the part of well-to-do whites to use segregation for the purposes of exploiting THE MAN WHO WON their unfortunate colored neighbors. There is, therefore, every hope that this abuse may be remedied. 10. Just administration of suffrage laws. Political disabilities, primarily intended to disfranchise NegToes, are also, for the present, part of the public policy of many communities, but all the fair minded "and far sighted among the whites will assent to the proposition that whatever the law is it should be equally administered. Indeed, an unequal administration, the former method of disfranchisement, was seen to be costly and inadvisable by practically everybody, and this is the reason why new disqualifications have been enacted in statute form. Even to accomplish their purpose, then, the laws must be equally administered, and all colored people who have fulfilled the requirements must be allowed to vote, both in elections and in primaries. 11. The statutory disfranchisement—where it is insisted upon—cannot be along lines of color or race. Property and educational qualifications, which are not applied to poor and ignorant whites, can mean only that a premium for advancement —the vote—is offered to Negroes and that no such premium is offered to the whites, who are allowed to vote without it. The statutory device used for this purpose, namely, the "grandfather clause," means, moreover, the reintroduction of the hereditary principle into American law. Several communities which have this clause are almost equally divided upon the question of its advisability, and there ought to be little disagreement among educated and enlightened people that a permanent return to the principle against which the whole American Revolution of 1776 was directed would mean a reaction of the most dangerous possible character. THE MAN WHO WON-(A Story) By HARRY H. PACE (Concluded from the April CRISIS) II. The fifteenth congressional district of South Carolina in which Golden was located was nominally Democratic, arid for several years it had sent a Democratic Congressman to Washington. For the last two terms it had been represented by Col. James Edgefield, whose tirades against the Negro race had won the ear, if not the applause, of the American public. His well-known doctrine of race hatred and oppression had been openly flaunted in the face of the National Congress with all but applause. "We keep the Niggers away from the polls with shotguns," he said; "we don't pass laws against their voting." He knew, as did everybody else who took the pains to investigate, that out of the six thousand qualified voters in the fifteenth district fully two-thirds were Negroes who had conscientiously voted a Republican ticket ever since Lincoln's proclamation. That didn't matter. Edgefield obtained and kept his seat. The Republican national committee had never cared about the Southern districts; they expected the Democrats to win and made no efforts against them. But this year was exceptional in many ways. Important measures were to come up in the House, and to obtain a majority it was necessary for the Republicans to obtain every possible seat. The committee's agents came South. "You must nominate a good man and make them count you fair," they said to the people in the fifteenth. The nominees were Russell Stanley, Republican; Col. James Edgefield, Democrat. Never was a South Carolina campaign so hot. Added to Andy Wyatt's influence upqn all sorts of small farmers, tenants and croppers was the personal influence and devotion which the young man had excited. Every Negro in the district made himself a committee of one to work for the ticket and there seemed no chance on earth to lose. Stanley addressed mass meetings, spoke at picnics and barbecues until he had aroused an enthusiasm that would have made his followers face any danger for his sake. They did not kn.ow the powerful motives behind the eloquent and burning words of Stanley, nor the deep appeal in the slow, measured speech and earnest words of Wyatt. These 'STANLEY ADDRESSED MASS MEETINGS.' THE MAN two and Clara, the wife, knew that in com passing the defeat of their powerful white neighbor there was hidden the revenge for a sister's wrong and the revenge of an outcast son. Meanwhile Edgefield was in despair. The situation was worse than bad. Reports from all over the district were the same: the Negroes were going to defeat him. And de feat meant not only political extinction to his bright career, but utter and absolute financial ruin, and the blasting of his daughter's hopes. He could not endure it. He sent for Harris, his political manager. "Harris, can't you buy those Niggers? Give them as much as $5 apiece for their votes and all the liquor they can drink." Harris laughed. "That'd be throwin' good money and bad liquor away. Them darkies would take your money and vote for their man." In a moment he continued more seriously: "It's like this: the thing is as bad as can be. The Niggers ain't getting scared at your shotgun threats no more. They've got Winchesters themselves. That Nigger Wyatt has supplied the whole district and there's going to be something terrible happen at the polls." That night Edgefield called Elsie to him and told her the whole story as Harris had told him. When he saw how well she stood it he ventured further. He had always been confidential with his motherless daughter except on this one subject. To-night he threw away every restraint. "You are almost a woman now," he said, "and you must share my burdens with me. I have explained the situation to you, but I have not explained the cause of it." Here the colonel lowered his voice to almost a whisper. "This is no ordinary contest. It isn't even politics, child, it is revenge; revenge long cherished, long planned and now about to be fulfilled. For my sake I do not care, I could suffer that, and let my conscience rest, but for your sake it must not be. You do not know, could not know., that the Negro who opposes me is my son, the son of my shameful youth, despised and neglected, and to him my ruin is sweet. But you understand these things; you are a woman of the South. You must save us. Go, do what you can; he is your brother." III. As the campaign progressed and the certainty of victory became more sure, Russell's WHO WON spirits rose. He was already tasting the sweets of revenge. Andy seemed no less jubilant than he and gave every aid to the cause, sparing neither time nor money. It was not until the last few weeks before the long expected day that his spirits drooped and shadows of another thought came flickering into his mind. The alarm had sounded one night calling all hands to a fire at the south end of a ten-acre field to the home of one of Andy's tenants, whose family barely escaped with their lives. The origin of the fire was unknown and the spectators loo'ked on suspiciously. As they were returning in the dim gray light before dawn they saw a tongue of flame leap up in the north, climb rapidly upward and burst into a seething mass that lighted the whole sky. Before they could reach it the ginhouse, with all of its precious burden of machinery and cotton, representing a year's hard labor, was crumbling into ashes. The sight struck terror to every heart. They felt powerless before a monster so swift and so destructive. Andy gritted his teeth, and swore double revenge, determining more than ever that Russell must win. But the sight had an opposite effect upon Stanley. It made him begin to think in a way he had not done hitherto. This kind of election was new to him. He had heard vaguely of the terrorism and the red-shirt methods of some Southern States. He was now face to face with them in a way of which he had never dreamed. The contest was not to be a battle of ballots and convictions honestly expressed and counted. It was turning now into a struggle of arson, corruption and crime. Riding home through the dusk next day, he was turning all these things over in his mind. He had begun to ask himself seriously if the game were worth the cost. He did not want the honor; in fact, that had played such a little part in his program he had never thought of how he should feel as Congressman Stanley. His whole thought, his whole end and ambition, had been only to humble the proud Edgefield. In laboring for his revenge he had lost sight of the possible effect of its accomplishment upon others, upon these people here—Andy, his wife and the little Ruby—the tenants; in fact, the whole district that a year ago he had found in such peace and plenty and happiness. For years they had been cheated, he knew, and he tried to persuade himself that he was an in THE CRISIS strument of Providence to set things in order again. But the vague terror he had seen that morning depicted in those black faces as they gazed into the ruined house and the burning cotton found an echo in his own heart. Was this to be his revenge? What if he did succeed and yet leave behind him a chain of disaster—Are, loss, maybe murder and death! He shuddered at the thought and almost wished he had never come South. Then he began to wonder if he ought not go away before it was too late and save the bloodshed that he knew was coming. He wondered what Andy would say and what the men would think; if it would be cowardly to run. Surely there must be some other way. So busy was he with his musing he did not see the little white figure that glided out of the trees on the roadside and stopped his horse. "I want to talk with you," she said quickly, "if you will dismount." Her appearance disconcerted him; quickly be put aside his musings, and the old feeling of hate returned. He felt his mastery of the situation, and his first impulse was to drive on and leave her. "I'm a Nigger," he finally said, sarcastically. "Why do you come to talk with me? You know both you and your father hate Niggers." She bit her lips and flushed. Then she said quickly: "There's no need mincing words. I know your story, know everything back to the day you were born. I know the bitterness of it, too, for I have placed myself in your position and I know what it would mean to me. I am sorry for you, but that does no good. I am your sister, but the gulf between us is fixed. You cannot pass it. In theory there is no communication across it, and there should not be, but I come to you and reach out my hand across it with the appeal of blood to blood and beg you to stop. I know what this victory means to you; it isn't office, nor honor; you don't want them. You want revenge, and you've taken this method to get it, to humble me and my father, to ruin us, and to make us a laughing stock before the world. I do not dispute the justice of your case. I couldn't expect you, as the son of my father, to do otherwise. Yet I come to you with no just basis for my plea and beg you for forgiveness. You saved my life and I am grateful, but I was ungracious; I let an unreasoning prejudice carry me away. Believe me, I repent. Yo u do not know, cannot know, what this humiliation would mean to me, but you do know what it has meant to you." He sat uneasily on his horse, and she stood in the roadway looking up at him, her face expressing more than did her words the intense emotion under which she labored. Her words had gone deeply into his mind. Yet he dared not show her how much he felt. At last, summing up all his control, he said: "Why do you come? Wh y could not he who has never spoken to me come to me? I bear you no great ill will; there is no delight in seeing you suffer. But it were worth the victory to have him at my feet, begging and pleading, coward that he is. Yes, I'm your brother, now that you need me. After that I'm one of those you hate." He reined in his horse and was about to move on when she caught his bridle. "Wait," she said, her voice tense in its emotion; "you cannot go yet. You must promise me that you will leave here, go away, back where you came from." He opened his lips to speak and gathered up his horse's reins as if to move. A sudden passion swept over her. She had won, but she did not know it; she thought she had failed. She caught his bridle menacingly and hissed at him: "Don't you dare refuse me! Nigger—I need only scream, here, now, and your life wouldn't be worth that!" and she snapped her fingers in his face. The blood flamed in his brain, and his anger burst all bounds. With his flat hand he struck her full across the face! "Scream!" he cried. "Scream, sister, scream with all your might!" The suddenness and the surprise of the blow more than the pain made her cry out with a shriek heard far away on that lonely road. A minute later the sharp crack of a rifle broke the spell of his words. She saw the shadow of his dead body as it lurched and fell, and the echoing hoofs of a riderless horse smote on her horror-stricken ears. * * * At the Shoreham, in Washington, Colonel Edgefield is still the center of the Southern group, admired and envied and seemingly happy. Sometimes when he is alone with Elsie they think of the old home. "Ah, " she sighs, "if only he had really been one of us." THE END." NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE FIFTH ANNUAL CONFERENCE. THE sessions of the fifth annual conference, announced in the last number of THE CRISIS for the 23d, 24th and 25th of April, were held in Philadelphia as follows: First session, Keneseth Israel Temple; second session, Central Congregational Church; third, fourth and fifth sessions, Friends* Meeting House; sixth session, Witherspoon Hall. The first session, with Hon. Moorfield Storey, the national president of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, presiding, was an introductory session. The speakers were Hon. Rudolph Blankenburg, mayor of Philadelphia; Rabbi Joseph Krauskopf, of Keneseth Israel Temple; Mr. Oswald Garrison Villard, chairman of the board of directors. National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, and Dr. W. E. B. Du Bois, director of publicity and reasearch. National Association for the Ad vancement of Colored People. The second and third sessions were devoted to a consideration of the economic condition of the Negro, which were discussed under the heads of "The Struggle for Land and Property" and "The Problem of Work and Wages." Rev. Sidney Herbert Cox, of the Central Congregational Church, presided at the afternoon session. The speakers were President John Hope, Atlanta Baptist College; W. Ashbie Hawkins, Baltimore; Mr. John Mitchell, Jr., editor of the Richmond Planet and president of the Mechanics' Bank of Richmond, and Dr. N. F. Mossell. superintendent Frederick Douglass Memorial Hospital, Philadelphia. At the evening session Bishop James W . Caldwell, of Philadelphia, presided and the following made addresses: Prof. Kelly Miller, Howard University; Dr. Du Bois; Mr. Henry Wilbur, secretary of the Friends' Association. The fourth session was an executive session for members only and was devoted to reports of branches and delegates. Mr. Storey presided. The fifth session, "The New Southern Attitude," gave an opportunity to the men of good will in the South to speak out on the new Southern attitude toward the race question. The last session of the conference dis cussed "The New Abolition Movement." The speakers were United States Senator Moses E. Clapp, of Minnesota, and Justice Wendell Phillips Stafford, of the Supreme Court, District of Columbia. Mr. John E. Milholland, vice-president of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, presided. Some of the most representative citizens of Philadelphia were included in the honorary committee. RURAL INDUSTRIAL SCHOOLS. A CONFERENCE of representatives of rural industrial schools for colored people in the South was held at 26 Vesey Street, New York, April 17 and 18. The meeting was opened by Mr. Leslie Pinckney Hill, principal of the Manassas Industrial School. The program was devoted to the consideration of the general problem of the rural industrial schools and such specific subjects as a standard course of study, a standard system of accounting, the joint purchasing of stock supplies, the raising of funds, and the relation of the rural school to the community in which it is placed. Among the speakers were Mr. Oswald THE Garrison Villard; Dr. James H . Dillard, of the Jeanes and Slater Funds; Dr. Du Bois; Mr. W. T. B. Williams, of Hampton Insti tute; Mr. Clarence H . Kelsey, president of the Title Guarantee and Trust Company and trustee of Yale College; Mr. W. D. Holtz claw, principal Utica Normal and Industrial Institute, and Miss Emma Wilson, principal Mayesville Institute. To quote from a director of one of the industrial schools represented: • "Nearly two hundred secondary schools for colored people, located all over the South, have in common a number of embarrassing problems. The increasingly urgent demands which these schools are making upon the public clearly indicate that the time is ripe not only for a public consideration of their aims, methods and merits, but also for more effective co-operation and organization among themselves. There is no problem before the present generation of Negroes in the United States more momentous." BRANCHES. 'T'HI S month we welcome into membership two new branches—the branch of the Oranges and the Northern California branch. BALTIMORE. THE Baltimore branch held its annual •*• meeting in the Bethel A. M. E. Church. There was a large and appreciative audience. Mr. W. Justin Carter presided. The chief speaker was Professor Spingarn, of New York, whose address on "The New Abolitionism" aroused great enthusiasm. Eighty new members were secured. The branch reports the following case of legal redress: Mr . Thomas W . Turner, formerly a teacher in the colored high school of Baltimore and now professor in Howard University, accompanied by his wife, made a trip to Salisbury, Md., on the Baltimore, Chesapeake and Atlantic Railway. Mr. Turner complained of the inferior and degraded accommodations to which the colored people were subjected, and was finally persuaded by the members of the local branch to file a formal complaint to the public service commission. The commission held a hearing in Mr. Turner's case, which lack of space prevents our giving in full, requiring that the railroad shall make no difference or discrimination in quality or convenience of CRISIS accommodation in ears or compartments set aside for white and colored passengers. Mr. Turner was represented in the case by W . Ashbie Hawkins, Esq., the attorney for the branch. CHICAGO. A MEMBERSHI P committee, consisting of Mr. S. Laing Williams, Mr. George R. Arthur, Miss Garnetta E. Tibbs and Mr. Thomas W . Allinson, has undertaken a vigorous campaign for new members. A committee on grievances, consisting of Dr. Bentley, Dr. Hall. Miss Breckenridge and Mr. Packard, has been formed to take appropriate action in such eases as that of the La Salle Hotel, which recently turned away a thousand clubwomen rather than serve the colored guests included in their number. A committee on legislation, composed of Messrs. Hallinan, McMurdy and Packard, reports through the chairman as follows: Race prejudice has been running like a prairie fire over Illinois this year. It was kindled by the "Jack" Johnson ease, fanned by the newspapers and blown into a small gale by the Bourbon public sentiment in the southern half of the State. Five bills were introduced in the general assembly aiming at intermarriage. Of these bills one hailed from the extreme southern part of the State, but four of them were from the middle tier of counties which has hitherto seemed fairly neutral ground. None of the bills came from Chicago, though Chicago legislators had been quoted freely in favor of such legislation. Four of the bills were fathered by Democrats and one by a Republican. Much water has gone under the bridge since these bills were introduced and the general assembly seems to be in no hurry to follow these proposals through. Governor Dunne is strongly opposed to them, as are the speakers of both houses. It is not believed that they can possibly pass in the face of the vigorous and intelligent resistance which the colored people have shown and the strength of the other forces in the State which are being brought to bear on the legislature. The main thing is to keep the question from coming to a sensational and ill-tempered ventilation in either house. Another bill, introduced by a senator from "Egypt." provides for the introduction of THE N. A. A. C. P. separate cars for the colored people on trains in Illinois. This was quietly chloro formed in the senate committee on judiciary. It will never be heard from. Still another bill, innocent in appearance, but serious in its effects, bobbed up. This was a "full-crew" bill introduced by the Progressives in the house and senate and drafted originally by the Brotherhood of Railroad Trainmen. This bill attempts to prescribe by law the number of men who shall constitute a "full crew" for freight and passenger trains of a given number of cars. The "joker" in the Illinois bill is too big to be missed, though it slipped by in other States. This "joker" is the provision that the road, in making up its crew, cannot utilize the "baggagemaster, express messenger or porter." This means that the train porters and the chair-car porters, who under the existing conditions sometimes serve (without additional pay) as flagmen, will have to yield their places to white flagmen, who will be paid the regidar white man's wages and who will join the Brotherhood of Railroad Trainmen. A similar law, when enforced in Ohio, resulted in the discharge of about twenty colored porters, whose places (as flagmen) were given to white men. The Chicago branch of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People has been gathering evidence on this matter through its committee on legislation and will press for such amendments to the proposed bill as will protect the colored porters. Colored people in other States should be warned to look into the "full-crew" legislation pending in their legislatures and to examine with special scrutiny innocent-looking sections which attempt to describe the flagmen as those who "shall have had at least one (1) year's experience in train or yard service." There isn't a colored porter in Illinois who could meet that qualification. m INDIANAPOLIS. H P H E Indianapolis branch reports thirteen new members for the month of March. The following committees have been appointed: A press committee, consisting'of Mrs. Henderson, Mrs. Bell and Mrs. Fox, to watch the newspapers for all items of colored news; a committee, with Mrs. Xorrell as chairman and including Mrs. Clay, Mrs. Porter and Mrs. Willis, to investigate the rumor of the cruel treatment of colored women at the women's prison. Among other things it is said that the colored women are compelled to shovel gravel from wagons at the prison. Meetings have been held by the branch March 7, March 12 and March 21. The meeting on March 12 was a public meeting at the Olivet Baptist Church. QUINCY. The Quincy branch has started an active campaign in the interest of the rights of colored citizens, and has presented memorials to their representative in the State legislature against the four bills recently introduced which discriminate against the colored people. UP! SING THE SONG By JAMES D. CORROTHERS I AM a Negro, but I sing and sing, Burning with kiss divine that made me so. 0 brother mortal, likest to the snow, Turn not in coldness from the song I bring, But listen to my lyre's low murmuring, Where down the cypresses I sadly go, Through deepening twilight, lest the faint winds know The secret of some tender little thing That haunts and haunts me, and they tell it all-All, all my sorrows and ambitions, too! For these o'ercome me; these, through dreamy fall, Keep calling, calling; beckoning, as to . you: "Up ! Sing the song! Men shall forget your race, Xor blush to keep the image of your face." THE BURDEN LIFE. "THIS Negro, Tom Law, had been working for Davis, it is said, in the neighborhood of eleven years. He was a trusted and expert 'hand' on the truck farm. Tom Law took sick and, being unable to work, went home. Davis, being afraid he might lose a valuable 'hand,' took his son, both being armed with revolvers, in his automobile and went to the house of Tom Law for the purpose of forcing him to return to work. Law told them that he was really too sick to work. Davis became worked up into a fury and told him if he did not work for him he wouldn't work for any one else. He first beat him unmercifully over the head with his pistol, after which both he and his son shot him several times, while he continued to beg them to spare his life. Davis is about six feet one or two inches, while Tom Law is small of stature, old and feeble of health."—(A letter from Florida.) WORK. THE doors of Detroit manufacturing institutions are practically closed to the Negro youth who wants to become proficient in any of the skilled trades and arts, according to attorney Ira W . Jayne, of the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children. "Mr. Jayne, after six months' effort, succeeded yesterday, through Supt. Dolan, of the poor commission, in procuring a job in a manufacturing plant for a fifteen-year-old Negro boy of unusual mechanical ability who wanted to learn a trade to support his mother and six younger brothers and sisters. " 'About the only lines of endeavor open to the Negro boy are that of the porter, waiter, bellboy, messenger or bootblack,' said Mr. Jayne this morning. 'This boy is unusually strong and healthy, bright and ambitious. He has a mother and six brothers and sisters younger than himself dependent on him. His case is such an unusual one that every director of the society made a personal effort to find the lad a position. " 'We have applied to the Y. M. C. A. employment agency and to the poor commission. They tried to help, but reported failure because of the lad's color, until yesterday when Supt. Dolan succeeded. We have many just such eases. This boy is above the average, and I became desirous of seeing him trained for some work other than that of a menial.' •' 'The difficulty in placing Negro children in suitable positions is one of the serious handicaps met by the poor commission,' said Supt. Dolan. 'Few employers want them and some of the excuses offered for turning the race down are humorous. Others candidly declare they cannot hire a Negro because of his color.' "—Detroit News. PROPERTY. DEAR EDITOR : Please let me say a few words to the readers of TH E CRISIS. I was born about forty years ago down in the little mountain town of Cumming, Ga.. Forsyth County. M y father bought property in this town and we all lived happy for a few years. Mother and father died, but we kept the property. A few years ago the town started to grow and property went up. Banks were built, cotton oil mills and a fertilizer plant. A large tract of land was sold to colored men and women in town lots. Things went well until last September, and since then churches and schoolhouses have been burned, colored men beat, one lynched and two hanged for the same crime and over 1,000 have left the county for safety. I have just received a letter from Mr. Alex. Gray THE BURDEN Hum, a renter of mine, stating that my house had been dynamited and he and his wife and three small children had been compelled to move out of the county. Wil l some one please advise me what steps to take in a case like this? Hoping to hear from some reader of TH E CRISIS and a friend to the race, I am, Yours truly, (Signed) H . S. HAYWOOD. m THE THEATRE. DURIN G the week of February 9-15 Sothern and Marlowe were in Shakespearean repertoire at the Shubert Theatre, Kansas City, Mo. As is generally known, the colored people are placed in the rear seats of all theatres in that city, some of them selling the seats to colored people from the last row forward, but only so far forward as the demand for seats on the part of the whites permits. Some colored people, refined and intelligent, purchased seats in the last row. On presenting the tickets they were told that they could enter and stand, but could not occupy the seats for which their tickets called. They were informed that their money would be refunded if they did not care to enter under these conditions."— (A letter from Kansas.) INSULT. I AM an employee of the Illinois Central Railroad Company, in their general offices at Chicago, ILL., known on the payroll as a messenger. Here I might add that there are a number of colored employees here, such as private-car men and so on, there being-three of this number, myself included, that have strictly clerical duties, though classed as messengers. There are minor things that we, through habit, are forced to endure, as is usual for any man of color in similar positions. But the point that I wish to bring out is this: This company issues to its many employees suburban time passes. W e are included in this distribution of passes, but appearing across the face in large type is the word 'colored.' Now we are not ashamed of this, far from such, but upon the passes used by the white employees the prefix 'Mr.' is invariably used regardless of position of the user, where we are obliged to put up with only part of our names. For instance, if the holder is William Dean, his pass bears his name and description, thus: 'Will Dean (colored), messenger.' "I have had occasion to read what this company terms 'Rules and instructions governing issuance of passes to its officers,' signed by the vice-president and general manager, a part of which I will quote: 'Passes issued to wives and daughters or other dependent members of employees' families should bear the prefix Mrs. or Miss, as the case may be. But in the case of Negroes the prefix of Mrs. or Miss must be omitted, using the first name in full or abbreviated. Stamp the word "colored," and across the fac'e of same stamp "not good on parlor cars or on sleeping cars."'"—(A letter from Chicago.) THE "JIM CROW" CAR. THE Negroes down in this part of the *• "land of the free," who do any travel ing in these hot June days, if they have ordinary susceptibilities of common decency and fair play, must feel deep resentment at the way in which they are treated by nearly every road in the South. It is a burning shame to compel Negroes to pay the same fare as that paid by white passengers, and then give them cattle-car accommodations. In these warm and perspiring days Negroes are cooped up in the smallest possible space in one end of the baggage car. But they are not even allowed to occupy this limited space, for the news butcher comes along and occupies two seats in the "Jim Crow" corner and the conductor generally occupies two seats with his belongings usually just across from the newsboy. When the few seats in the Negro compartment are filled, notwithstanding the law provides that the Negro passengers may then be seated in the car for the whites, the Negroes, regardless of numbers and regardless of heat and all conveniences, crowd the aisles and stand on the platform until leaving passengers make room for them. The picture is a most unpleasant one, and these conditions will continue and get worse with the increase of Negro travel, until the Negro begins a systematic organized protest to the railroad authorities, to the State corporation boards and to the Interstate Commerce Commission at Washington.—St. Luke's Herald. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Publishers Chat The JUNE CRISIS will print the best of the papers read at the National Conference. The JULY CRISIS will be the annual Educational Number, with pictures of the leading colored scholars. Our edition this month is 30,000. Atlanta University Something New Studies of the Negro Problems Kelly Miller's 16 Monographs. Sold Separately. Monographic Magazine Address: A. G. DILL Issued monthly. Complete treat Atlanta University, Atlanta, Ga. ment of some phase of the race problem in each issue. The Curse of Race Prejudice By James F. Morton, Jr., A. M. "Education for Manhood" in the An aggressive exposure by an Anglo-Saxon April number. champion of equal rights. Startling facts and crushing arguments. Fascinating reading. A necessity Price, 10 cents a single copy; 25 for clear understanding and up-to-date propaganda. Belongs in the library of every friend of social cents for three months' subscription; justice. Price 25 cents. Send orders to $1 per year. JAMES F. MORTON, JR. Rates to agents: 71/2ents a copy 244 West 143d Street New York, N. Y. on orders under ten; 5 cents a copy on orders over fifteen. DELHI DIAMONDS Agents wanted everywhere. On Semi-precious gems. Diamond's best resemblance. TRIUMPHANT BRILLIANCY. account of liberal rates, remittance AMAZING NEW CREATION. Imitating all precious gems, produced in wbite and must accompany order. Address colorS. Resist all diamond tests. Cut with facets like diamonds. EXTREMELY LOW PRICES. Written GUARANTE E with every "Delhi." 14 K. SOLID GOLD mountings. HOWARD UNIVERSITY Catalogue 	Washington ------ D. C. Inspection FREE FREE DELHI DIAMOND CO., CHICAGO, DEP 80 Mention TH E CRISIS. TH E CRISIS ADVERTISER 43 TELLING A STORY T o friends who know you, may be easy, but "putting one over" to strangers is quite different. Telling a busy, business man about your services or your merchandise is still less a "cinch," for he hears the same story every day a dozen or more times. A clever speaker, before a sleepy or hostile audience, puts a good, stiff punch into his very first remark. This "knocks 'em off their feet" and they listen. Your business letters may be good, but if they lack the "punch" they won't "pull." Correct business stationery is the "punch" that hits the busy man "right in the eye" and makes him read your letter. We'll show you the sort of stationery we create, if you write us. W e print for Mr . Conde Nast, of Vogue; we print THE CRISIS. ROBER T N . WOOD , Printin g an d Engravin g 202 EAST 99th STREET NE W YORK 'Phone 6667 Lenox HALF A MAN" The Status of the Negro in New York By MARY WHITE OVINGTON With a foreword by Dr. Franz Boas of Columbia University Chapter I. How the colored people won their civil and political rights. Chapters II. and III. The Negro tenement and the life of the poor. Chapters IV. and V. How the colored man earns his living, with a full descrip tion of the professions; the ministry, the stage. Chapter VI . The colored woman, her discouragements and successes. Chapter VII . A vivid description of the life of the well-to-do Negroes. Chapter VIII. The Negro in politics in New York. Chapter IX. The author's personal views on the race question. Price $1.00; by mail, $1.12. LONGMANS, GREEN &amp; CO., Publishers, NEW YORK This book is for sale in the Book Department of The 'Crisis, 26 Vesey St., N . Y . Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER The very Business Opportunity for which YO U have teen looking may possibly be here on this page. WHILE YOU LEARN A splendid opportunity for ambitious young men and women. We teach Shorthand, Typewriting, Bookkeeping and Business Arithmetic, according to the latest methods of modern business science. Earnest, efficient instructors. We also maintain an EMPLOYMENT BUREAU to assist our students and graduates in securing posi tions. Many of them now hold steady positions with some of New York's largest business houses. The service of the Bureau is FREE . Correspondence invited. Address EARN Harlem Commercial School F. WALTER MOTTLEY, Principal 47 West 139th Street New York SELLS LIKE HOT CAKES Agents wanted everywhere to sell this ironing wax in w pad form. It per ^ fumes the clothes with a lasting violet perfume. WAX-IN-PAD MANUFACTURERS Lynbrook New York $45.00 to $80.00 AGENTS A WEEK Thousands of dollars paid to agents already in the field. Will Gunckle, of Ohio,	 got $240 worth of orders first week. A. Bernider, of Kansas, made $30 in four hours. Made eight calls, took six orders. Well, of Missouri, made $10 in one hour. Hamilton, of Wyoming, made $60 first two days. We want good agents in every county in the United States, Canada and Mexico. NEW INVENTION Just out. Nothing like it. FOLD ING BATH TUB. Gives to every home a complete bath room in any part of the house—without expense. Biggest, quickest, surest money-maker of the century for agents. Territory being rapidly assigned. Send your application to-day. 100 % PROFIT ^ 9We back you with our capital and 0 experience. We give you complete instructions, assistance and co-operation. No charge for territory. Don't delay. Send your name at once. Write plainly and give name of your county. Complete particulars FREE. Write to-day. ROBINSON MFG. Co.,lllVanceSt.,Toledo,O. A DAY AND MORE $10 00 • = TO LIVE AGENTS 100 per cent, profit; sells to every colored man and woman on earth. This is the quickest kind of easy money. Send 15 cents in stamps or coin for 50-cent sample and terms; money back if not satisfled at first glance INTERNATIONAL SPECIALTIES CO. Republic Building Chicago, 111. SPARE TIME WORK Colored agents, male or female, are wanted everywhere to take orders for our high-grade calling cards, invitations, etc. We are furnishing high-grade calling cards in correct styles and sizes for ladies or gentlemen at 50 cents for 100 or 25 cents for 50; no extra charge for address. Big demand everywhere. Liberal commissions allowed. Outfit free. Exclusive territory given. Write now for terms. THE HOUSE OF CHOWNING Indianapolis -- Indiana LET US START YOU IN BUSINESS ANYWHERE . Don't be a wage slave; get out of the rut; get grit and develop backbone and go in business for yourself. If you are capable of earning from $5 to $10 a day you are the person we are looking for. By uniting with us you are on a beeline to large income and independence. WRITE NO W FOR OU R PROPOSITION! The NELSON SUPPLY COMPANY Silverware Specialties Harrisburg, Pa. JUST THINK OF IT Gordon Safety Razors made to retail for 25c. Shaves as smoothly as some of the high-priced razors Splendid seller. Will last a lifetime. Sample, 10c. GORDO N COMPAN Y Northwestern Building Chicago, 111. RELIABLE, LIVE, RESPONSIBLE MEN who can sell real estate can MAKE MORE than $200 PER MONTH acting as AGENT S for the sale of our properties in MUSKOGEE and TAFT, OKLAHOMA. The real coming country, where there are opportunities and openings for all. Write us to-day, giving your age and experience, and we will offer you a FINE PROPOSITION WHICH WILE MAKE YOU MONEY. Address REEVES REALTY CO. Department C 217 Flynn-Ames Bldg. Muskogee, Okla. AGENTS— Big money. Johnson-Flynn fight and other copyrighted. Negro pictures. Portraits. Pillow Tops. Catalog FREE. 30 days' credit. PEOPLES PORTRAIT CO. Station U, Chicago, 111. BOKARA DIAMONDS. Agents, everyone, to wear and sell our famous Bokara diamonds. Write for sample offer and catalogue free. NORTHWESTERN JEWELRY COMPANY Dept. 24 2141	 Summerdale Ave. Chicago, 111. 50 TO$100AMONTH EXPERIENCED WANT1 ACTIVE MAN EACH LOCALITY NOT M l6 to 60 years. Introduce us to friends. NEEDED-Ik JUST MM ^Gran d world-wide Society. Pays largest \sick , injury, death benefits for small- Spare \e s t cost. Helpful, inspiring, PROFITTIME JflTT |Jk ABLE ! Made thousands happy and •^Prosperous. Why not YOU? Write B^Quick	 for big Cash-Bonus offer. I-L-U 238, COVINGTON. KY. Mention TH E CRISIS. TH E CRISIS ADVERTISER REAL ESTATE TYPEWRITERS Buy Brooklyn Property Are you a bonafide purchaser? Have you money to invest? Now is the time. Values are low. $500 cash buys well-built brick house. Balance on easy terms. Convenient location, etc. Houses for sale in every section of the city. For particulars see G. JOHNSON 196 Putnam Ave. Brooklyn, N. Y. WANTED 500 Negro families (farmers preferred) to settle on FRE E Government Lands in Chaves County, New Mexico. Blackdom is a Negro colony. Fertile soil, ideal climate. No "Jim Crow" Laws. For information write JAS. HAROLD COLEMAN Blackdom, New Mexico Telephone 4048 Prospect JOHN B. MOSELEY REAL ESTATE and INSURANCE 640 Fulton Street Brooklyn, N. Y. Own Home in the North If not, why not? We have an increasing demand for ambitious, progressive colored people who are seeking homes in the North. We are the medium through which these demands can be supplied. Only such as can satisfy us that they are desirable will be considered. Get our Property Bulletin. It is free for the asking. P. H. SYKES, Real Estate Cor. 19th and Ellsworth Sta. Philadelphia, Pa. A PLACE TO STOP HOTEL WASHINGTON First-class Service for First-class People 3252 Wabash Avenue, Chicago, ILL. Remingtons, Densmores, J e w e t t a, $11.50 each; Franklins, Postals, Hammonds, $9 each. Bargains in Underwoods, Smiths and all others. All guaranteed. Supplies. Standard Typewriter Exchange 23B Park Row, New York UNDERTAKERS Telephone Columbus 3935 Open All Night RODNEY DADE &amp; BROS. Undertakers and Embalmera Notary Public Funeral Parlor and Chapel Free. Licensed Lady Embalmer Prompt Service 266 West 53d Street New York, N. Y. Between Broadway and 8th Avenue LetAdler The Organ Maker you save $48.75 Take Your Own Time to Pay, I have originated the wonderful Adler plan of selling- organs which has made the"Adler"a. household word; more than 75.000 of these famous organs are now in the homes of the people. The time has arrived—this very day—for youto send for my Wonderful Free Organ Catalog. Learn how you can have the World's Best Organ- winner of highes*. prize at St. Louis World's Fair—sent to your home for 30 Days' Trial without paying a cent. Just send for my Catalog. Select the Adler Organ you like best. I will ship it at once. Have it a month free. Send no money until you decide to buy. Then, if you decide to keep it, after thorough examination, pay me at your convenience in small amounts. You take no risk and if, at the end of a year, the "Adler" fails to make good on every point I will refund every dollar you have paid. I give the longest and strongest guarantee ever made on an organ—for 50 full years.I save you $48.75 because I sell direct from the SSOO.fOO Adler Organ Factory (greatest in existence). The Adler Plan wrecks all retail organ prices. Write For Free Organ Book. Name and Address o~i Postal—or Mail the Coupon C. L. Adler, Pres't Adler Organ Co., 3506 W. Chestnut St.. Louisville, Ky. ^ Send me—FREE —my Copy of your Wonderful"" I Organ Book. FURNISHE D ROOM S for respectable people. Al l modern conveniences. Appl y 33 West 131st ADDRESS Street, New York . Mention TH E CRISIS. TH E CRISIS MUTUAL TEACHERS' AGENCY Recommends teachers for schools; secures employment for teachers. Blanks and information furnished free on application. 1335 T Street, N. W. Washington, D. C. REGALIA A Race Enterprise Manufacturing Badges, Banners and Supplies for all Fraternal and Church Societies. Catalogue upon request. CENTRAL REGALIA CO. Jos. L . Jones, Pres. N.	 E . Cor. 8th and Plum St8. Cincinnati, Ohio SITUATION WANTED Young man, 19, competent, holder of a College of Preceptor's Third Class Certificate, with knowledge of bookkeeping and experience in general office work, desires good clerical position in office. Has first-class recommendation. Address *'R. C, " care Advertising Dept.. TH E CRISIS, 26 Vesey St., N. Y. Want to establish some suitable line of business in a desirable town. Wil l invest with a partner or outright. Address "Investment," care TH E CRISIS. Reddick's World's Greatest Polishing Mitt FOR POLISHING AL L METALS, SIGNS, PIANOS. .FURNITURE, GUNS. HARNESS, AUTOMOBILE BODIES, LAMPS. HARDWOOD FLOORS, ETC. Fully	 Protects the Hand Saves Time and Labor An incomparable duster A combination shoe polisher. Can be used with or without oil or polish. Made of special tanned lamb's wool on the hide, ' thoroughly cleaned and combed of all grit. Will not scratch the finest surface. Adopted by the Pullman Company for porters' /use on the best trains and used in the best hotels, office buildings, theatres, garages, furniture houses; on dining cars, ocean liners, yachts and thousands of households because it's the best practical polishing device on earth. By mail postpaid 25c. each (stamps or currency). A splendid proposition for agents. Write to-day for particulars. J. E. REDDICK 1028	 South 17th Street Philadelphia, Pa. Mention ADVERTISER WANTED—ONE MAN OR WOMAN IN EVERT locality to start a Candy Kitchen. Best paying small business on earth! Pew dollars starts you. Get away from wage slavery. Write for particulars. Native Herbarium Co., Ambler, Pa. Folding BATHTUB Costs little, nO plumbing, requires little water. Weight 15 pounds, and folds into small roll. Full length baths, far better than tin tubs. LASTS for years Write for specialagents offer and description. Robinson Mfg .Co., 111 Vance St Toledo, O. Mfrs, Turkish Bath Cabinets. Swell, Nifty Suit FREE! Most marvel Get in Quick! ous tailoring offering ever made. Be our sales- manager in your town—$250 a month. Enough coin to fill your I pockets. Nifty suits for you to wear—ALL FREE. Make $60 to 1 $75 a week selling our nifty suits-. It's easy! Orders turned over to you. No experience, no money necessary. WE PAY EXPRESS ON EVERYTHING You pay nothing — absolutely nothing. EVERYTHING guaran teed, too. Send a Write—Hurry! p o stal card right away for this great free offer. Never anything like it. Get our book of beautiful samples and full particulars—all free. wYou assume no obligations whatever so write at once. American Woolen Mills Co. Dept. 551 Chicago. III. No. 4 Special Buggy $65.00 A value unequaled. Sold on SI.00 Profit Margin. Write for prices and other styles. Send for catalog. C. R. Patterson &amp; Sons GREENFIELD, OHIO Largest Negro carriage concern in the United Staims TH E CRISIS. TH E CRISIS ADVERTISER 47 THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE OFFICES: 26 Vesey Street. New York. Incorporated May 25, 1911 OFFICERS National President—Mr. Moorfield Storey, Boston, Chairman of the Board of Directors— Vice-Presidents— Mr. Oswarld Garrison Villard, New York. Rev. John Haynes Holmes, New York Treasurer—Mr. Walter E . Sachs, New York. Mr. John E. Milholland, New York. Director of Publicity and Research— Bishop Alexander Walters. New York. Dr. W. E. B. Du Bois, New York. Rev. Garnet R. Waller, Baltimore. Md. National Organizer—Dr. M. C. B. Mason, Cincinnati. Miss Mary White Ovington, Brooklyn, N. Y. Secretary—Miss May Childs Nerney, Brooklyn, N. Y. the Fifth Annual Conference will be held in Philadelphia April 23, 24 and 25, 1913 AMONG THE SPEAKERS WILL BE: Hon. Moorfield Storey Bishop James W. Caldwell Hon. Rudolph Blankenburg Prof. Kelly Miller Rabbi Joseph Krauskopf Mr. Henry W. Wilbur Mr. OsWald Garrison Villard Dr. James H. Dillard Dr. W. E. B. Du Bois Mrs. L. H. Hammond Rev. Sydney Herbert Cox Dr. M. C. B. Mason President John Hope Mr. John E. Milholland Mr. W. Ashbie Hawkins United States Senator Moses E. Clapp Mr. John Mitchell Justice Wendell Phillips Stafford SESSIONS AT WITHERSPOON HALL, THE FRIENDS' MEETING HOUSE AND TEMPLE KENESETH ISRAEL. THE PUBLIC IS CORDIALLY INVITED. MEMBERSHIP BLANK I hereby accept membership in the NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE. Please find enclosed dollars and enter my name as a member in Class paying $ a year, and send me TH E CRISIS. Name Address Class 1. Donors, paying $100 to $500 per Class 3. Contributing Members, paying year. $2 to $10 per year. Class 2. Sustaining Members, paying Class 4. Associate Members, paying $1 $25 per year. per year. The subscription to TH E CRISIS is $1 extra, except to members paying $2 or more, who signify their wish that $1 of their dues be considered a CRISIS subscription. All members in good standing have the privilege of attending and voting at the Annual Conference of the Association. PLEASE MAKE CHECKS PAYABLE TO NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE. 26 VESEY STREET. NEW YORK CITY. Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER LEGAL DIRECTORY This is a ready reference of some of the best lawyers in the country. fJBT*"If you are a lawyer and your name is not listed here you should write us at once. Residence 2546 Michigan Office Phone Bell Phone E-2161 Home 58 Main C. H. CALLOWAY Attorney and Counselor-at-Law Notary Public 117 W. 6th Street Kansas City, Mo. FRANKLIN W. WILLIAMS Attorney and Counselor-at-Law Notary Public Real Estate Conveyancer 206 Parrish Street Durham, N. C. Office L. D. Telephone 3297 Market Residence L . D. Telephone, 5277-M Market GEORGE A. DOUGLAS Counselor-at-Law Rooms 613-614, Metropolitan Building 113 Market St., Cor. Washington, Newark, N. J. General Practice Notary Public WILLIAM R. MORRIS Attorney and Counselor-at-Law 1020 Metropolitan Life Building Minneapolis, • Minn. BROWN S. SMITH Attorney and Counselor-at-Law Offices: Suite 610, Sykes Block. Minneapolis, Minn. GEORGE W. MITCHELL Attorney-at-Law 908 Walnut Street Philadelphia, Pa. Tel. 2026 Fort Hill Cable Address, Epben EDGAR P. BENJAMIN Attorney and Counselor-at-Law 34 SCHOOL STREET Boston, Mass. Telephone Connection W. Ashbie Hawkins George W. F. McMechen HAWKINS &amp; McMECHEN Attorneys-at-Law 21 East Saratoga Street Baltimore, Md. Phones: Office. Bell 4059; New 420-M. Residence, New 733-A. THOS. E. GREENE, JR. Attorney and Counselor-at-Law Notary Public Maloney Block Youngstown, Ohio LEGAL DIRECTORY—Continued Central 104W Telephones: | main 61 HARRY E. DAVIS Attorney-at-Law Notary Public 1607 Williamson Bldg. Cleveland, O. ELIJAH J. GRAHAM, Jr. Attorney-at-Law and Notary Public 1026 Market Street Wheeling, W. Va. ARCHITECTS TANDY &amp; FOSTER Architects 1931 Broadway New York Telephone 5368 Columbus WIGINGTON &amp; BELL Architects Karbach Block Omaha, Neb. H. HENRY HARRIS Architect Cor. 8th and Princess Streets Wilmington, N. C. MOVING Telephone 4214 Greeley BRANIC'S EXPRESS PACKING AND SHIPPING ANDREW J. BRANIC 459 SEVENTH AVENUE New York City Orders by mail or 'phone receive prompt attention TRUNKS STORED 25c. PER MONTH Official Expressman for the C. V. B. A. PERSONAL CARDS Telephone 5277 Morningside DR. GERTRUDE E. CURTIS Surgeon Dentist 188 West 135th Street, New York City Telephone 4885 Morningside DR. D. W. ONLEY Surgeon Dentist S. W. Cor. 133d St. and Lenox Ave., New York Office Hours: 9 to 12 a. m., 1 to 9 p. m. Sundays by Appointment SCOTT BROS.' NEWS DEPOT A complete assortment of all the leading magazines and periodicals. Agents for TH E CRISIS. 328 State Street Milwaukee, Wis. Telephone Grand 3892 LUNA M. SCOTT, Manager Mention TH E CRISIS. TH E CRISIS ADVERTISER ESTABLISHED 1876 Telephone 1708 Harlem Branches of Instruction: Violin, Violoncello, Harmony, Ensemble Playing, Chamber Music. The course of instruction	 adopted throughout all departments is thorough and pre cisely the same as taught in the leading conserva The MANDO tories in this city and in Europe. The Conservatory Sextette and Concert Orchestra, Mrs. Eliza Mando, Conductor, is open for engagements for conoerts and all occasions where superior Mozart Conservatory of Music, Inc. music is required. Terms reasonable. For further information address 2105 Madison Avenue New york MRS. ELIZA MANDO, Director HARRIET GIBBS-MARSHALL. President LOUIS G. GREGORY, Financial Secretary HARRY A. WILLIAMS, Vice-President GREGORIA A. FRASER, Recording Secretary The Washington Conservatory of Music and School of Expression Piano, Violin, Wind Instruments, Piano Tuning, Vocal Expression, History of Music Theory and Modern Languages The first and only Mission Music School founded and controlled by Negroes in America. Many scholarships awarded. Talented students never turned away unaided. 902 T Street, N. W.	 WASHINGTON, D. C MME. FANNIE BELLE DE KNIGHT Mrs. DAISY TAPLEY Dramatic and Dialect Reader. Engagements soTeacher of voice and piano, will take a limited licited. Students given special training in the number of pupils during the summer months. Delsarte Method. Instruction also given in Dialect, Choruses trained, soloists coached. Engagements English Grammar and Rhetoric. for concerts solicited. For terms and appointments Terms Reasonable. address the studio: Telephone Morningside 9045 172 West 133d Street NEW YORK Studio: 231 W. 134th St. New York City HARMONY AND COMPOSITION TAUGHT BY MAIL Telephone Connection Interesting and Comprehensive Course. &amp; 0 "DEACON" JOHNSON Small monthly payments. •J^ (That Cheerful Entertainer) Address m[ Leader, Mandolin and Second Tenor with J.	 HILLARY TAYLOR f THE "DEACON" JOHNSON QUARTET I Montreal New York Philadelphia Director The Success Piano School. Permanent Address: 43 O Street, N. E. Washington, D. C. - Times Sq. Sta., Box 317, New York City Bell Telephone. Mme. MARIE JACKSON STUART'S School of Expression, Music and Dramatic Art A thorough, well-defined course of instruction, TUR N YOU R SPAR E designed to give the student a comprehensive grasp of each subject in the shortest time. Terms MOMENTS INTO CASH reasonable. Dramas staged. Amateurs trained. Plays revised. The increasing sales of TH E CRISIS have so ADDRESS far exceeded our expectations that we must 33 West 131st Street New York have more representatives to look after our interests in each locality. Miss MINNIE BROWN The work is dignified as well as profitable, SOPRANO and will not interfere with your	 present May be engaged for commencements, concerts and occupation. Address recitals For terms address: Sales Manager of TH E CRISIS 172 West 133d Street NEW YORK Care of Tapley Studio 26 Vesey Street New York Mention TH E CRISIS. TH E CRISIS ADVERTISER Fluffs Moquet TRADE MARK REGISTERED THE PERFECT WASH FOR THE HAIR Contains no soap: composed of materials better suited for the purpose. Insures your hair the cleanest, fluffiest, most delightful and satisfying wash it has ever enjoyed. Send 2-cent stamp for trial package. Agents wanted. tempest Co. felix American Manufacturers 132 Nassau Street New York the TRAINED MA N IS THE ONE WHO GETS THE POSITION HIGHER UP If you will give us a small amount of your spare time, we will fit you for the position higher up—the position that pays salary, not wages. W e train men in higher accounting and business efficiency, and the course of instruction is designed by Charles E . Mitchell, certified public accountant. Our graduates are prepared to pass any state or territory examination in bookkeeping. Enroll to-day—the call for competent bookkeepers cannot be supplied. Twentieth. Century Business Methods —•™» Box 81 Institute, W . Va. Mention Ike PERFECT WASHING MACHINE Saves your time, labor and hands from rubbing on the washboard. Washes your clothes by compressed air and suction, the water and soap being forced through the clothes. Works on the principle of the vacuum carpet cleaner. Your clothes are not subject to the wear that is caused by the beating and batting process used by other makes. With this washer it is soap and water that do the Price $1.50 work. Lace curtains and the most delicate fabrics can be cleaned without the slightest damage, Will wash a tub of clothes in 5 to 10 minutes Any woman, or even a child, can operate this washer. Sent prepaid on receipt of retail price, $1.50. Anybody can afford to buy it; nobody can afford to be without it. AGARD NOVELTY CO., Distributors 38 West 136th Street New York Good proposition for agents. M y toilet articles will add the final touch of refinement and Madam good taste to your dressing table Earle's Skin and Complexion Food $ .25 Princess Hair Oil 50 La Quinine Hair Tonic 50 Antiseptic Toilet Water 25 Earle's French Bay Rum 25 F.arle's Violet Extract 35 Earle's Violet Water 50 Earle's Lilac Water 50 Agents wanted everywhere. Write for terms. JAMES T. EARLE Manufacturing Perfumer 5 Collins Street Newport. R. I. BOUND VOLUMES OF TH E CRISIS A bound volume of T H E CRISIS is always a handy reference book for your library or reading rcom. We have the binders now, fitted with adjust able arrangement so you can fix them yourself. The words " TH E CRISIS" is stamped on front and back, making it convenient to place on your shelf. Price 75 cents, postpaid. Address THE DUNBAR COMPANY 26 Vesey Street New York TH E CRISIS. FROM THE FOURTEENTH ABSTRACTS ANNUAL STATEMENT OF The North Carolina Mutual and Provident Association Home Office: DURHAM, NORTH CAROLINA FOR THE YEAR ENDING DECEMBER 31, 1912 JOHX MERRICK, President A. M. MOORE, Secretary C. C. SPAULDING, Vice-President Gross income, 1912 $313,516.95 Increase over 1911 53,312.93 Increase in assets 28.614.93 Amount claims paid, 1912 137,403.22 ASSETS LIABILITIES Real Estate (unencumbered) $66,856.50 Legal Reserve $79,132.60 Loans on Real Estate 10,141.60 Unadjusted Claims 205.00 North Carolina State Bonds 20,400.00 Premiums Paid in Advance 3,750.00 South Carolina Securities.. 13,400.00 Bills Payable 830.00 Georgia, Atlanta City Estimated Taxes, etc., 1913 6,000.00 Bonds 5,395.75 Accrued Endowments 1,000.00 Cash in Banks 5,367.67 Surplus 37,386.94 Other Loans 3,838.68 $128,304.54 Bank Stock 2,000.00 Interest and Rents Due 904.34 $128,304.54 INSURANCE DEPARTMENT OF SOUTH CAROLINA FITZ HUGH McMASTER, Commissioner Columbia, South Carolina April 1, 1913. State of South Carolina. This is to certify that the Xorth Carolina Mutual and Provident Association, of Durham, X . C , has deposited with me as Insurance Commissioner, in trust, in accordance with law, Stock 'Certificate No. 1393, 4 1/2 per cent. Brown Consols of the State of South Carolina, in the sum of $16,000. The above security is to be held by me as Insurance Commissioner in trust in accordance with law. K. H. MCMASTER, Insurance Commissioner. Mention TH E CRISIS. CAPE MAY. N. J. This magnificent hotel, located in the heart of the most beautiful seashore resort in the world: replete with every modern improvement, superlative in construction, appointments, service, and refined patronage. Orchestra daily. Garage, bath houses, tennis, etc., on premises. Special attention given to ladies and children. Send for booklet. E. W. DALE, Owner. Provident Hospital and Training School for Colored Nurses Aim: To keep its technic equal to the best Founded 1891 The first training school for colored nurses in this country, Freedman's excepted. Comprises a training school for nurses, hospital, dispensary, and thoroughly equipped children's department : when funds are ample, postgraduate work may be undertaken. The hospital is open to all. The races co-operate in theboardof trustees, in the medical staff and in administration; the institutionis the only one of its kind in which a colored man may act as interne. Cost of buildings and equipment $100,000; free from debt. Endowment $50,000, contributed mostly by wills made by colored men. Additional endowment needed, $50,000. The nurses' course covers three years; training and instruction given by both races, according to the highest modern standards. 36th and Dearborn Sts., Chicago, ILL Mention TH E CRISIS.