The Egoist , made Published the 1st and 15th of each month. The Egoist AN INDIVIDUALIST REVIEW. Formerly the NEW FREEWOMAN. No. 21.—Vol. I. MONDAY, NOVEMBER 2nd, 1914. Sixpence. Editor: HARRIET SHAW WEAVER. Assistant Editor: RICHARD ALDINGTON. Contributing Editor: DORA MARSDEN, B.A. CONTENTS. Page. Arm and Disarmament. By Dora Marsden ... ... ... ... 401 Views and Comments ... ... 404 Fighting Paris. By Madame Ciolkowska... ... ... ... 405 Page. The Songs of Maldoror. By the Comte de Lautréamont ... ... 409 War Poetry. By John Gould Fletcher ... ... ... ... 410 The Orange Symphony. By John Gould Fletcher ... ... ... 411 Page. Art and Drama: Ibsen and Strindberg at War Time. By Huntly Carter ... ... ... 412 Preliminary Announcement of the College of Arts ... ... 413 The Theatre. By John Rodker ... 414 Correspondence ... ... ... 415 ARMS AND DISARMAMENT. By DORA MARSDEN. THAT friendly twilight of inattention which even the safest cause requires, the War has rudely scattered for the disarmament propagandists. An inconsiderate fate has flashed upon these would-be harmless people the critical light which looks to doctrines only to judge of their application, and not at all to the possibilities for unending delight in unend-able disputations which they possess. The cause of "disarmament," dragged forth for judgment in the presence of the undoctrinated, is compelled willy-nilly to state a case: and as far as the powers of its advocates hitherto have been able to make clear it appears—just "a case" and nothing more. The propagandists have been at no pains to put anything in it: the most elementary notions of their cause they have been content to leave sacred, which is unexamined. Disarmament has been apparently just the slogan of a "cause" intending to imply no more than the pious application to international affairs of Mr. Watts' sentiment in regard to little children—little nations should agree and keep their angry passions down. Hence for light on disarmament one need not turn to the doctrines of the initiated: one must start from the beginning and make shift for oneself. What are "arms," anyway? A dictionary says, "any mechanism which is set in motion from the shoulder," so that disarmament would start with a surgical operation at the shoulder presumably. But no disarmer has ever intended that: only annihilation of the means of attack and defence. What human arms are if not just these means in their ultimate sense is not clear, and the fact that all extensions of such means have been compendiously termed "arms," seems to leave them compromised to say the least. And thinking on the matter still more intently, one has to acknowledge that it must just have been the specific allocating of limbs to the service of attack and defence as human arms, which raised one animal above all the rest, and created the human. The evolution of arms: the raising of the fore limbs in order to protect the more vulnerable head, and in order to add the weight and damage of paw and claw to that of fang, called into being, as it were incidentally, an animal which habitually stood upright: an animal which arms had made into a man. . . . But disarmers have found difficulties sufficiently numerous far nearer the threshold of their inquiry than "lopping from the shoulder" constitutes, and it is only "arms" external to the finger-tips which they would gladly see forbidden and destroyed, while scratching, hitting, kicking, biting, remain as offensives which must be allowed, because they may not be avoided therefore. Not fighting, but fighting with weapons is the bug-bear: and especially one is given to understand weapons which have working alliances with gunpowder. Someone who was writing recently on the subject kindly offered to explain why: to wit, "The common sense of the world to-day knows that if civilisation is to be preserved it must not rest on gunpowder." At first blush, to be sure, gunpowder does seem an uncertain seat for anything to rest on, but on thinking further one is struck by the fact that civilisation appears to select gunpowder, and that by a strong preference. It must, indeed, be singularly annoying to those whose common sense leads them to such an opinion as the one quoted, to have to observe how the more we have of gunpowder the more unmistakably does civilisation come into evidence. The sequence is constant enough to suggest the relation of cause and effect: gunpowder civilisation. But many would prefer to call this mere coincidence. For the moment therefore, we may leave it, confident that even such will agree that that which they hold to be the opposite of civilisation, i.e., war fiercest war—did not wait for the advent of gunpowder to make its appearance. Nor even for the bow or the sword or the spear. Before the first stone was flung war was there. 402 THE EGOIST November 2, 1914 Accordingly, if the aim of the disarmer is to eliminate war, a restriction exercised according to the character of weapons used will produce only illusory effects: since instruments capable of being used on the offensive—were their owners so minded as to use them—would include almost every instrument of utility and ornament: axe, club, scythe, bodkin, hairpin, the common arbiters of domestic polity, the poker and the boot, would all offer themselves at need in default of gunpowder. The ploughshare and pruning-hook, the often proffered antitheses of weapons of offence could be relied upon to do effective damage were they the only weapons available in the field. Given pause for reflection, the genuine disarmer may well begin to feel force and pertinence in the logic which starts disarmament from the shoulder-socket, since almost anything that the human arm can wield for peaceful use it can wield equally well as a weapon of effective offence. He will begin to realise that it is not weapons but human temper which exerts the lure towards war, the undermining force of civilisations: kinds of armaments are incidental; all that matters in regard to them being that they shall compete in effectiveness with those of the opponent. Their requisite character is purely relative. It is the spirit of war which is the absolute, and war is whenever there is antagonistic temper or desire for status or possessions. It is entirely a question of interests—the interwoven mesh of desires which net the antagonistic animus. Interests are the pride of life, and, given interests strong enough, men will use all and any arms they can come by for their furtherance. War itself—which is simply the active side of interests—exerts the attraction of settling of the world's perspective to one's own liking, over and against that of the enemy, who endeavours to do a like thing on his own behalf. An enemy is not therefore a person whom one hates: he is a person one fights. It is unintelligent to hate him because he is an enemy, because it is precisely to be such that we have created him. He is a necessity of our combativeness. He is most profitably regarded as the satisfaction of a primary want, like food or a lover. Our antagonisms are teeming with vitality: they possess the vitalising hardness by resisting which we brace ourselves. It is a poor soul which must deprive itself the luxury of a good enemy. * * * * The fact that civilised authorities discourage their peoples from having enemies except such as they themselves duly authorise, goes a long way towards revealing the actual nature of civilisation. We quoted above a writer who believed that the common sense of the world opines there is something antagonistic between civilisation and gunpowder (by which latter is meant, we may assume, armaments on the modern enormous scale). Yet, as we pointed out, the big gun has the appearance of being the greatly prolific progenitor of just those forms of society which we call civilised. And inevitably, settled peace is the display of force so unmistakably irresistible that it is not within the limits of possibility for the conquered powers to gainsay it. Force—a force that is—asserts and establishes itself. It is now, therefore, in the ascendant: it makes known its will: which is now the sole dominant will: it delineates its own conception of the forms its expressed will desires to take; that is, it outlines its species of order. It lays this conception of its order on the conquered, demanding for its execution an unquestioning obedience and for guidance in carrying it into being effectively and smoothly it frames laws. A law is a command accompanied by a threat, in case of refusal, to use all or any of the forces of compulsion which it is known or assumed are at the disposal of the framers. It can be taken for granted that a community in which the laws are accepted without question—which is highly civilised, that is—has its forces of compulsion in effective condition and well under the influence of those at whose inspiration the laws are made. To say that "the individual does not suffer in honour or interest because law has replaced violence in his social relationship," is to give evidence of complete incomprehension of the question at issue: law does not replace violence: it merely gives information detailing the manner in which violence will be directed. If one can manage to square one's honour and interest with the incidence of violence, well and good: if not, tant pis: one meets the violence. On this wise is the only authorised enemy of civilised society discovered to us, i.e., the flouter and disturber of the "Law and Order" ordained by the paramount: disturbers of the peace, which has been commanded by the force which commands the most effective gunpowder. The gentle ways and modes of civilised society take rise in precisely the same manner as similar phenomena appear among children of a stern parent who likes an ordered peace in his house and is powerful enough to see that he gets it. The children do not quarrel among themselves because "Father" finds it a confusion and an annoyance. Quarrelling upsets his "Order": the rebellious child is the domestic criminal. * * * * It is, therefore, easy to trace how the possession of forceful and successful arms affords to a great power (particularly in these modern times of enormous armaments, whose very enormity puts them beyond the possession of the people, and makes the State the obvious custodian) the basis upon which it can begin to build its particular brand of civilisation. Freed by its power from gainsaying both from without and within, such a State has leisure and authority to call into being an "Ordered Society," to become civilised that is. An ordered society means precisely what it says—a society which shapes itself in conformity with the orders given by the manipulators of the armed forces in its midst: orders which, described as laws, perforce the people must obey. For no large body of people, apart from unusual moments of danger, obey orders unless the possibility to do otherwise does not lie in their possession. Such a condition of deficient power can only be effected by a body which is by comparison superiorly armed. A State possessing formidable and centrally-controlled armaments, with which the defensive weapons of those whose obedience is demanded cannot hope to compete, is precisely this body. Such a State commands just the conditions necessary to the laying down of orders which will effect peaceful submission between itself and its peoples, and if it so desires—and it usually does—peace among the individuals one with another, whose differences must be settled through its own appointed media. It can afford to take up the position that it will "stand no nonsense" in regard to disorder between individual and individual: can afford to insist on the regulation of social life by civil means, i.e., by means of vicarious violence. Individuals may settle and arrange matters among themselves only within limits: by verbal or written means. Violence remains the prerogative of the State. Such is the basis of civilisation, and it explains what civilisation is the expression of: i.e., enforcement by violent compulsion of ways of settlement among a governed people who have been deprived of any power of gainsaying such external settlement by a previous deprivai of arms. It is this settling of intra-individual affairs by civil means which is called Justice. "Civilisation must rest not upon gunpowder but upon Justice." Well, well: it amounts very much to the same thing! "I rest not upon this planet but upon this couch." Though civilisation depends upon Justice, Justice depends upon gunpowder, and civilisation therefore depends upon gunpowder ultimately. It is, as a matter of fact, however, a favour allowed in charity to the rhetoricians to admit that civilisation rests upon Justice: Justice and civilisation—abstractions both at best—are not two things but one. Civilisation is rather related to Justice as a special case. It is Justice in limited and secondary application. Basic Justice is coincident with gunpowder. * * * * If, then, Justice fails the would-be disarmers: if Justice be not some transcendant and archetypal figure enthroned in the heavens before Earth or Time was, but, as far as civilisation is concerned, merely the internexus of guarantees for contracts of which the nature is conditioned by the arbitrament of arms, on what other November 2, 1914 THE EGOIST 403 supports may disarmament fall back? Two for their support have been furnished: a rationalist and a theocratic: the authority of "The World" and of "God." Both are passionately espoused, and naturally, for support for a task stupendous and baffling cannot be lightly foregone. Note what the task is on which the disarmers have set their hearts: it is the acquiring of supreme instruments of compulsion in order to overcome compulsion while yet anathematising compulsory instruments. They would themselves compel all men else to believe that compulsion is "wrong." Hitherto compulsion has always led to armaments, but what now when compulsion would compel towards disarmaments? If all others are to be compelled not to arm at all, some authority must arm itself very efficiently. The power which undertakes to abolish Napoleonism will need to be very greatly and grandly Napoleonic. So this thing runs in a circle: Napoleonism is ever under the curse yet ever triumphant, ever to be brought under the heel yet ever on the heights. Hence the attempt to create a Napoleonic power which need fear no rival: The World. It is odd how at every great crisis "reason" reverts to this fetish of "The World versus The Recalcitrant": odd because in every attempt to apply it "The World" itself furnishes the subversive elements which make the rebel triumphant; "The World," in fact, cannot be the Super-Napoleon because "The World" cannot hang together. Napoleonism represents a progressive cohesion, while "The World" is the loose and disparate sum-total of disintegrating differences. It is unable to cohere: a poor opponent, therefore, for even a lilliputian Napoleon. One is compelled to realise that "The World" does not mean what it would imply, but relics for its impressiveness upon its good comprehensive sound. On a closer scrutiny "The World" appears one of those all inclusive generalisations which mean nothing because they aspire to mean everything. What does "The World" mean to any of us? Who stands for "The World"? One could almost as readily develop a partisan ardour in favour of a constellation as become enthusiastic over "The World." Even the religions which were founded to "save" "The World" in order to wake an interest were compelled to split it up to furnish a portion which could be assigned to damnation. In fact, interest can live only upon difference, and those who have argued that because out of "The World" many States have been carved they can, therefore, by a simple process of addition, collect the States together and obtain for "The World" the united coercive power of all the States' "virtues" in order to annihilate in each all their particular vices, and all to the glory of the unified creation called "The World," have strayed lamentably in their reckoning. States are States (nationalities if one prefers so to call them), not because they are alike but because they are different. They exist not to accommodate what their neighbours consider their virtues, but the traits they consider their vices. All splits take place in order to allow the vices of the secessionists a better run. Adding secessionists (i.e., States) together to make a unified "World" can only be expected to produce effects procurable by mixing together, say, saltpetre with sulphur and charcoal: a nasty explosion. A nation acquires its dominant characteristics far more by what it excludes than by what it includes, and to this extent it is the embodied expression of the motive which is common to any other form of grouping. A group is formed in order to keep out the crowd: as in the case of club membership, of which it is precisely its powers of exclusion which distinguishes it from the fair-ground or the street. * * * * The rationalist notion of an all-coercing "world-power" affords an excellent example of the floundering of cantatists. With all their desire to hit upon a fine-sounding justification for this strange new passion of great States for small ones, their wits seize upon all the fakes and omit the sole genuine one, i.e., that their lives in human nature an instinct which renders involuntary admiration to the small power putting its fortunes to the risk in order to rise: that there exists in men an involuntary admiration for the signs of growth. While it is a misleading folly to encourage small States to believe that they have any justification except such as they can assert at the sword's point, it is an equal folly not to calculate that a small State putting up a likely fight to ease its growing pains will exercise an enormous pull on the affections of the onlooker: not, of course, so much with the elderly party in authority whose interests its insurrectionary activity is flouting—but with the bystanders. Otherwise there is no justification for small States apart from the fact that their existence serves the interests of a greater by whose will alone they are enabled to live. * * * * Small States might, indeed, be considered as the women in international polity. As with women, their status is not defined at first hand by their own intrinsic strength: they find their value in the fact that their existence chances to be useful to some other power who on this account accords them a courtesy status. Their "rights" are in virtue of the needs of the mightier, and are enjoyed by permission until such changes take place in the hang of things as may make their continued existence unnecessary: whereupon their "rights" shrivel to the dimensions of their virtual merits: to their might. For instance, the right of Denmark, Belgium, and Holland to exist lies in the fact that their existence as buffers is very useful to England. Their "rights" will dwindle very materially should Germany—to whom their existence is the reverse of a necessity—become the superior power: a fact which the King of the Belgians is doubtless very well aware. * * * * Accordingly, this creation of the "World" as supreme authority possesses little with which to attract men who have not the itch for airing theories in newspapers. They do not incline towards investing it with coercive powers strong enough to reduce all other powers to a state of feebleness at which resistance becomes impossible. With a man of Mr. Roosevelt's temperament matters will appear different. Mr. Roosevelt elects to put the nostrum "The World versus the Recalcitrant" under his patronage, and it is ill-luck that contemporary history should so blatantly thrust forward its refuting commentary. * * * * Mr. Roosevelt calls for a world-police which shall secure the peace of the world . . . to supplement and make effectual "a world agreement among all civilised and military powers to back righteousness by force." It should be "solemnly covenanted that if any nation refused to abide by the decision of such a court the others would draw the sword on behalf of peace and justice, and would unitedly coerce the recalcitrant nation." Now, what save the adhesion of the United States to the side of the Allies is missing from this picture of a world-agreement backing "righteousness by force" in the state of affairs existant to-day. The "World" minus the United States is coercing recalcitrant Germany: with what ultimate effect it still lies too far within the veil of the future to see. But if Mr. Roosevelt imagines that the stepping in of the United States would make the desired difference and change the existing bloody spectacle into one of friendly peace one would make bold to say that he is enormously mistaken, for the reason that though he calculates the number of heads he miscalculates human nature. The spectacle of Germany to-day facing her enemies—Belgium under her foot, France held with her teeth, her right arm holding Russia and her left England, while from far beyond she can catch the swelling sound of foes trooping from every continent, Japan, Canada, Australia, India, South Africa, New Zealand—is tolerably heroic. Should the United States ally itself with Germany's enemies (if for the sake of illustration such a combination may be contemplated), then whether because of the fact that "Germany against the World" is too heroic a figure for human pride to tolerate her annihilation without a suffering from its own self-contempt; or whether because of a certain sympathy which always lurks in the under-world for the bravely beaten; or because of a new-born 404 THE EGOIST November 2, 1914 jealously of the world-power itself when freed of its most serious rival—on account of some or all of these causes "Germany against the World" will prove that the World is a less formidable foe for Germany than the present combination of the Allies. The Alliance swollen with the adhesion of the United States would be far more likely to tip over on the right side for Germany than the existent Alliance. The disintegrating forces of the enormous collectivity—The World—would begin to dissolve out of it, and to its own detriment. * * * * The concept of the "World" in addition to that of "Justice" both proving illusory as forces towering high above national and Imperial gunpower, what is there existent over and above the State powerful enough to compel the pugnacious ones to fall back in contented mediocrity and love? Nothing save the guns of one State to silence the other. The query presents a problem for human ingenuity, and this latter has not failed of a solution for lack of making attempts of which the conception of the theocratic State, the State coerced by Moral Suasion: by the Ghostly Police: by the Inner Voice: by the God over All, remains alive and paramount. * * * * The vision of the King of Kings, whose vice-regent is Conscience, whose Ambassador is the Inner Voice, and whose ordinances are "Right," is the most audacious as well as the most subtle effort of human ingenuity: it is so ingenious that one might say "ought" to "work." It does work exquisitely and impressively in rhetoric. There is one voice only against it: that of experience. Unfortunately that voice is decisive: because it is in experience that the scheme is required to work. And therein the Omnipotent One is quite notably powerless. All experience has to tell of how the Omnipotent is worsted. His incursion into practical matters is therefore limited to an invocation of the "Great Name." He can scarcely attain even to the establishment of an identity. Men commandeer their enemies' God as their own devil, while in complementary return they may see their Own similarly installed among the enemy and Jehovah interchanges with Baal. A like impotence is to be observed of the Omnipotent's Ambassador—the Inner Voice. It fails to make sound just where in its own interests its self-assertion is vital. It makes itself heard just where it can matter little whether it speaks or remains silent. Its purpose being to restrain the Napoleons, it yet flourishes only in the non-Napoleons: a Napoleon being by definition one constitutionally incapable of hearing an Inner Voice. The spell of two thousand years of Christianity has its testimony to add to the evidence of other theocracies: i.e., that its gospel is powerful as a working principle with the powerless. * * * * Christians are not, however, to be dismayed because their creed works only by opposite in experience: if experience fails to embody the theocracy, so much the worse for experience. Experience, i.e., the tale of the world, the flesh and the devil—must be repudiated: ignored by a World-authority established in a Kingdom beyond the World. Christianity sets forward with undiminished energies to win the "world" for Christ. Intelligently it makes a bid for men's hearts, intelligently, because there the egoistic desires which cause all wars are born. The Christ is for peace and desires born of hearts that are Christ's must faint at birth. By negating desire the rivalry born of the struggle to satisfy desire, is forestalled. In order to fight greatly one needs must desire greatly. At that low-toned level at which one has little enough of desire as to be ready to suffer all violence and yet to offer none, one has arrived at the crux of the disarmament question. A theocracy, therefore, of the Christian cast accepted by all the world is undoubtedly its one solution. Since Christianity beseiges and seeks to conquer the Force whose power is above the State, prior to it, and has the shaping of all States and all secessions from States which make up "the World," Christ conquers the World: He silences the desires of men in which lurks the power which towers high above all States. These silenced, the warring cries which accompany the ever-fluctuating struggle of men with men and State with State will be hushed. The peace which indeed passeth all human understanding since it is the peace of the grave holds sway: a Thought without a thinker reigns silently over Nothingness. Disarmament more drastic than that which starts from the socket is accomplished: it has started from the heart. When the heart has been drugged no need remains for lopping off the arm. The dilemma has been evaded and all other dilemmas with it. . . . Otherwise Napoleonism reigns supreme: its efficient moderator is a world of Napoleons with whom desire is great and rampant. VIEWS AND COMMENTS. IT may seem a long way from gunpowder to politeness, which, for most people, is a synonym for civilised dealing. To explain civilisation without explaining politeness is, for them, to leave civilisation unexplained: as though one should consider the art of the sculptor to finish with the blasting of the block-marble, without concern for the chisel-work which actually constitutes its distinctive character. Yet blasting and chiselling are parts of the one process, though the one is prior to the other: and gunpowder and politeness stand in a like relation to civilisation. Before men became material suitable for polishing, for civilising, they needs must be reduced to maniable conditions by harsher methods of treatment: and it is primarily this prior reduction which separates the civilised from the barbarian. * * * * The barbarian is the outsider: the one which has not begun to be submitted to the polishing process of a specific order. Thus, there is nothing absolute about barbarian or civilised: always it is a matter of point of view: it is the outsider which is the "barbarian" from the outsider's point of view. No race can appear barbarians to themselves, because, from their point of view, they are insiders: that is, they have been submitted to the particular dominating power which governs them. * * * * Accordingly, it is not an accident which makes politeness an accompaniment of any strongly established class, and boorishness a trait found, if found, in the dominated. Politeness is the progressive utilisation of the subjected material in the manner to which the nature of subjected material most readily lends itself. It is an intelligent adaptation of means to ends, once the great assumption of subjection has been accepted as a fact. Politeness is the smooth gloss which disguises precisely this fact: boorishness is its painful obtrusion through the smoothly-spread veneer. "To bury the hatchet," "to let sleeping dogs lie," is the sentiment which animates politeness and civility. The intent being to secure smooth working for the dominant and a soothed complacence in the dominated. It serves so well that it always achieves good repute among those who create good reputations, i.e., among the dominant, and so manages to get an overwhelming amount of prestige behind it. According as the sense of class remains sound among the dominant, its observance towards inferiors is regarded as de rigueur. The sentiment of noblesse oblige is one of the exigences of healthy dominant-class interests. Among equals politeness is merely a convenience of variable utility. For the dominated it presents a different aspect. Its exercise is based upon a soother complacence, an instinct for safety, whereas boorishness is a kicking against the pricks. It is disliked by the dominant because of its inconvenience, while it is despised by the dominated because of its futility. It is the harping on the existence of a sore which cannot be healed, but which may be forgotten or ignored: it is a refusal to accept with grace November 2, 1914 THE EGOIST 405 what cannot be resisted with effect: it is the attribute of the "grouser" and "kill-joy," achieving all the pains but not the joys of the rebellious. The "little less," by which the boorish fall short of effectual reassertion, makes him just something less than even an unsuccessful rebel: it is merely a satisfaction of temper to no purpose, and it looks unintelligent because it succeeds only in defeating itself and proclaiming its defeat. President Kruger represents one thing: but General Beyers, might one say, represents something considerably less: they are the rebel and the boor. The difference is constituted by the difference in their chances of success. * * * * "Civilised dealing" with the dominated then is the extended application of the fact: that every condition of things has a better and a worse side according to the spirit in which one accepts it: the spirit which seeks to find in all things—compensations. With the dominant, on the other hand, it is the realisation that compensation for the dominated must be emphasised at all costs. For both, it is the utilisation of that dual aspect of appearances which makes them appear the right side upwards which ever way they fall. On this same duality, "good" manners are based as well as diplomacy and sound policy. For, if there are "Overs" there must be "Unders": and each will distil from its condition its own comfort: diplomacy is the sensitive touch which feels for the fitting one to be brought into relief at the apposite time. * * * * It is a limited intelligence which can "tell the tale" only in one way. An intelligence has not grasped the simple elements of any situation until it can tell it forth in at least two; even the dual-telling process itself must be described dually as Duplicity or Diplomacy as the case needs. It is part of the weight of stupidity which seems to settle upon civilised States when they become afraid of the sound of the words "duplicity" and "diplomacy" while yet enlarging on the merits of civilisation. Such fear plainly argues that they have become the victims of the particular form of duplicity which constitutes civilisation—have lost their way, in fact, between one story and another. It seems that the cloak of civilisation, to secure to its wearers its advantages and yet to prove innocuous to them, must perforce carry a "barbarian" lining. The outcry for frankness from the upholders of civilisation is like the plaint of one who thinks he is bent on a good game of cards though he clamour for a preliminary exposure of the players' hands. Polite, civilised society means a society which tacitly disavows frankness. Civilisation deals m superficialities only, but is none the less important for that. Nine-tenths of the experiences of life work their course out along a surface of superficialities, and it is as absurd to depreciate superficialities as it would be to despise the surface of the earth: one can appreciate the value of the external crust and yet remain cheerfully aware that a few thousand miles within the crust conditions are distinctly different, and that if one is going to have to do with these interior conditions quite other preparations will need to be taken from those which are necessary for activities on the surface. So, politeness—the methods of civilisation—fare well enough within the limits of a fixed and accepted status: within the orbits that is of recognised State Orders, but where these themselves are in question the cry for "civil" methods is simply absurd. * * * * The evidence of the stupidity's existence among our over-civilised of to-day—the stupidity which is innocuous only when limited to the claque, but quite seriously undermining when it spreads to the dominant-class, is not confined to such niaiseries as "equal rights" as between the civil and military castes, or between men and women; it emerges, unconscious and unfaked, in complete unmistakability in the democratic demand for an "open" Foreign Policy: for a complete diplomatic explicitness. "Diplomatic explicitness" is an amusing combination if it is examined well enough: a direct contradiction, in fact, being an "unfolded folding-together." A paramount Imperial foreign policy, of necessity, is diplomatic, duplex, making great show of one set of cards in order to keep rival suspicions asleep as to the existence of those on which she actually relies for success. A "frank" statement of what an Imperial Foreign Office seeks to establish and maintain in its foreign relations would prick into activity just that sleeping pride of foreign nations which it has been the burden of its labours to lull. Imperial "frankness," far from avoiding war, would bring an Empire's rival buzzing about its ears with the animus of a disturbed nest of wasps. On the other hand, diplomatic "frankness" on the part of an ambitious "rising" State would find its analogy in, and would receive the treatment accorded to, the boorishness of the private individual. A rising nation requires to be actually "risen" before it can be diplomatically frank (i.e., dispense with diplomacy) with safety. Unless a nation is in a position to fight so irresistibly as to command a frankness to match its own, it must needs match guile with guile. Otherwise it is likely to find half the world arrayed against it: which is not a healthy sign, but one which argues crudeness and unfamiliarity with the ways of dominating power. In short, a nation's policy can safely be "frank" only when it is practically certain of the issue in reverting to that "extension of policy" which is an appeal to force, and there exist grounds for so many miscalculations in regard to the issues of force that even then diplomacy can be laid aside only with reserve. The susceptibilities of the stupid making up nine-tenths of Public Opinion: the diplomacy of those who own even the biggest battalions will need to keep a reverting eye to that. In these days of a world-extended Press particularly, though in war the sword is still supreme arbiter, the number of times it must strike can be enormously increased by effects due to scratches of the pen. If, for instance, Napoleon had been proclaimed world-ruler in advance of his insidious growth, his warned and alarmed foes would have scotched his career before Napoleonism had the chance to work itself out. But it became established long before the world was half aware what a Napoleon was. A pre-acclaimed Napoleon has a task before him infinitely larger than ever was Napoleon's. D. M. FIGHTING PARIS. SEPTEMBER 25.—There is a spring at the back of this country which spares it from all definite calamity. Attempted conquests of the country have benefited no one and never will. The French do not need or want the foreigner at the best of times; but when he forces his way in . . . beware. There is no nation in the world that will resist the invader more vehemently. The Frenchman wants his house to himself; the French nation wants its country to itself. From the height of hiß lonely pinnacle M. Anatole France, intoxicated, no doubt, by the scope of his pseudonym, takes upon himself to make, in the name of the country, a declaration of friendship towards the Germans. He writes to the at one time internationalist, now jingoist, M. Hervé (of all people): "When we shall have vanquished their last army and reduced their last fortress, we will proclaim that the French people admits the beaten enemy into its friendship." M. Anatole France belongs to a certain sect generally called humanitarian and pacifist (more locally "Dreyfusard") and in M. de Mun's polite academic language "wild dreamers" who, not being able to ask us just at this point to open our arms to the invader, "turn their eyes towards the future when they hope to resume the ludicrous dreams for which we now pay so dearly." If so they must be thanked for it, for since they could not prevent this or any other war they have rendered a service by provoking it at a time propitious to those countries more directly interesting us,—but also let it not be forgotten that it is to the party they support that we owe the earlier defeats and the violation of the country. That is where pacifist and humanitarian ideas lead. 406 THE EGOIST November 2, 1914 It is this party which has so long opposed all expenditure on the army, the construction of forts, three years' service, etc. I think it ought to "lie low" and not throw itself in the name of the country at the head of the Germans, making cheap its friendship before it has been asked for. But M. France is crying in a wilderness with M. Gustave Hervé, socialist and ex-pacifist, revolutionary and internationalist, atheist and opportunist, as his only echo. SEPTEMBER 28.—This night we were awakened by a cannon—a long rumbling, really beautiful sound—at comparatively close quarters. Then we discerned occasional repeated muffled shots as of rifles. What the object was is a mystery to us at present. To Paris. On the Boulevard de Clichy I noticed a gathering of people outside a small café. On investigation I found the centre of attraction was a Belgian soldier whom I at first took for a German owing to the similarity in the helmet. He was talking to a priest. It is noticeable that the priest has regained a certain prestige during this war; for some indefinable reason he takes his place naturally by the soldier's side.—Paris becomes very beautiful and mysterious at night-time with its lack of light.—Wounded soldiers are becoming so common that the attention they at first attracted decreases from day to day. A wounded tirailleur from Algeria on the boat this evening did not provoke the slightest interest.—I was told that some people I know have been visiting the battlefields. You are given the authority to do this on condition you are prepared to bring back whatever corpses or other human remains are entrusted to you. They discovered several crucified bodies as also corpses of women on whom acts of violence had been committed. I add this information as it was given me (regretfully) to the published report about an English officer having been crucified by German soldiers. Otherwise I have no desire to enlarge upon "atrocities." SEPTEMBER 29.—Comment in "La Liberté" upon an artillery-man's letter: "France will, indeed, owe eternal gratitude to the inventors of our 75 (gun) as also to the inventor of menelite." Wonderful weather. SEPTEMBER 30.—News curtailed to the extreme. We seem again to be left very much in the dark and have to be satisfied with "there is no change to report in the battle" which began a fortnight ago.—The drummer passes to say that anyone who wants to learn to knit jerseys for the soldiers need only apply at the town-hall where lessons and worsted are supplied free to applicants! It is to be hoped that by the time novices will be sufficiently expert in knitting the fighting will be over. Meanwhile those who can knit do and you see busy needles everywhere in the trains, trams, boats, etc., just as in England! Fortunately, there are people sufficiently provided with sense and money to buy the jerseys ready-made and have them sent at once to the front.—The talk in Paris is that the French forces are in constant progression and that the Germans have proposed to penetrate into Switzerland and envelop the French army from that direction. I was shown a letter from a soldier—a poet in peace-time—to a mutual friend saying he had not received a single communication since he left for his regiment in the first days of August. Yet letters have been repeatedly sent. He tells of nights spent in the open, sleepless because of the cold, beginning never before ten and ending at three in the morning.—Among writers and artists either at the front or in some kind of military service are, or have been, Jacques and Marcel Boulanger, Jacques Nayral, Jean de Pierrefeu (of "L'Opinion"); Guy-Charles Cros; André Dunoyer de Segonzac; Bernard Naudin; Alexandre Mercereau; Mario Meunier; Jean Variot; Roger Allard; Francis de Croisset, Marcel Prévost, Eugéne Marsan, Louis Thomas, Jean-Louis Vaudoyer, F. R. Vanderpyl, Fernand Roches, editor of "L'Art Décoratif"; Henry Bordeaux,—and how many others! I give these names as they occur to me. Some are volunteers. Guy de Cassagnac, the journalist and son of the famous nationalist Paul de Cassagnac, has been killed in the field. M. Anatole France, aged seventy, in consideration of the hostile reception accorded to his recent declaration, proposes to make amends for it by changing his friendly attitude towards the enemy into an aggressive one and bearing arms in place of olive branches. M. Bernard Grasset, the publisher, is in the fighting ranks and has presented 500 volumes from his stock to the Red Cross Society.—Gabriele d'Annunzio is, I hear, writing a journal of his experiences in Paris during the war. OCTOBER 2.—Paris at night is always beautiful, but never has it been so beautiful as it is now without lights. This evening the city was bathed in a delicate mist which further contributed to the mystery of the scene. Against the darkened banks of the river the little steamers stood out brilliant like glow-worms, and as all outline was effaced the lights in the houses hung in the atmosphere like stars in the sky or the bright spots in a picture by Whistler. The blazing shafts of the search-lights introduced the Martian, modern element. It now transpires that when the Germans were within a day's march of Paris General Gallieni saved the situation by mustering all the available taxi cabs, filling them with soldiers and sending them post haste to reinforce the defences outside the city. All night long they dashed out of the town and this explains the sudden disappearance of taxis from the Paris streets on the 31st August. OCTOBER 3.—The sound of guns reaches us frequently this afternoon. It may be due to exercises. THE EGOIST being, fortunately, a journal in which such reference can be made without suspicion of quackery or lunacy accruing to me, I may be allowed to call attention in its columns to the prophecies of a famous palmist. called Mme. de Thèbes, as published in her Almanach this last winter, wherein she predicted the death of the Pope, of the editor of the "Temps," the landslips which occurred in Paris this spring, the Caillaux case, the war, not to speak of her mention of the beautiful weather which would prevail throughout the season and notably favour the more tragic episodes. "Paris in the coming year," she wrote in 1913, "will see moments both tragic and sublime." She remarks upon the signs of change and tragedy she had noticed in the hands of people living in Eastern France where she foresaw "burning towns." She distinguished, also, a current of idealism sweeping over the land "like a flame." "Fire against fire. The one destructive, the other constructive, and above all this the stooping shades of women, great deeds of love and charity. . . . Then, in Paris, days of public mourning and days, more numerous, of joy. Commands directed far off, even beyond the frontier." In the North of France, existing conditions, she writes, will be interrupted then resumed again. There will be more than one capital, she says precisely. Then she takes foreign countries one by one. Beginning with Italy she foresees that the "attention of the whole world will be centred on Italy during the supreme hours." Germany she finds replete with alarming symptoms; "the crest the Emperor bears on his helmet is not an eagle of victory." As for Austria, she announced the murder of the Archduke in her previous Almanach, and reiterates it here adding numerous calamities. Her considerations on Belgium conclude with the phrase: "Poor little country! Poor little court! All are doomed." For England she predicts "war within and without" in those exact words. Unfortunately she also mentions "flood or some other catastrophe due to water, affecting London especially, and which will fill the world with pity." It must be recalled than in Mme. de Thèbes' calculations the year does not begin on the 1st of January to end on the 31st of December, but concludes with the winter and begins with the spring. OCTOBER 4.—A bright Paris Sunday. The streets are animated, the Luxembourg gardens full of cheerful promeneurs. The neighbourhood of Montparnasse is multi-coloured with native soldiers, immensely tall, black as night, often wounded, wearing linen bloomers and with yards of red sash about their waists. To a friend's whom I found busy making chest-protectors and handkerchiefs for soldiers. For the former she takes pieces of material from old dresses of any colour, lining them with flannel or flannelette. The result is excellent; the cost only the trouble. November 2, 1914 THE EGOIST 407 OCTOBER 5.—An excursion east of Paris to Champigny—a junction through which pass numerous troop traine on their way North from the East—took me through the woods of Vincennes, an important military centre, particularly active just now. The entrance is strongly guarded with barbed wire and cut trees. One part has been fenced off for the herding of cattle prior to their being sent to the front for the soldiers' rations. The fort of Vincennes recalls the Tower of London, both architecturally and on account of the use made of it. Rows of armed soldiers guarded the entrance where crowds were waiting to see "Black Marias" bring invisible prisoners of war. The whole neighbourhood was humming with busy soldiery; while sailors, a girl on each arm, were ubiquitous too. The approach to Champigny station was thickly peopled with onlookers from the capital and the neighbourhood who had come with camp-stools to wait for the arriving trains. Inside the open station a committee privately formed distributes bread, flowers—of course!—wine and so forth to the passing trains, and outside the people hand to them whatever bounties they have brought on their own account. Every now and again a member of the committee lounged along the separating fence on the look-out for trifles—like the animals in the Zoo that prowl up and down their netting to beg for buns. Hawkers sell pommes de terre frites, and postcards for the soldiers' correspondence which the public buys and hands over the fence afterwards. Notices in the names of the army surgeons ask for fruit for the wounded. Two boy-scouts—one of whom is, I was told, about to be decorated by the Minister of War for unusual zealousness in the interests of the wounded—sit at a table and seem chiefly responsible for the commissariat department and distribution of the indispensable flowers. (A French soldier will cling to a posy all through a day and I saw one make a rush across the platform at the risk of missing his train to snatch a bunch). The war will, for the first time, have revealed to the French the resources of the small boy. The boy-scouts are being employed for a variety of tasks and make themselves unexpectedly useful. Up to now the French boy was a poor, over-worked, over-fed, under-exercised, over-chaperoned creature, utterly superflous and aimless in the world outside his stuffy classroom, and without any purpose in life save that of furnishing his brain with knowledge (of all kinds) to be made use of in his adult days,—a nuisance to himself and to others. It seemed as though the French could not produce such a thing as a decent boy (it is true the English held the monopoly). All of a sudden—such are the resources of this surprising country—someone (to name him, Monsieur Cheradame, a well-known figure in political journalism) took upon himself to acclimatise the boy-scout idea among his countrymen. The name and uniform were all ready,—with these the French can do anything; without, little. In a very short time the idea had "taken" and thousands of boys were enrolled under the title of "Eclaireurs de France." Then, of course, there sprang up a rival body, to the benefit of both as is always the case. The small boys of France have at last found an aim in life outside school-books and mischief; the conscience, independence, initiative, camaraderie and other necessary corollaries sprang into being as though by enchantment. The boy did not make the scout, the scout made the boy. The title was the magic word; the costume the magic gown. The French boy has become as clean-faced, as clean-minded as the best of English boys. He exists at last; he justifies himself. Such are the fruits of intelligent international emulation. This evening we learn of the death from wounds at the age of thirty-six of Charles Müller, co-author of those brilliant parodies called "A la Manière de. . ." wherein he and M. Paul Reboux passed in review the literature of all times and countries with as much wit as erudition. But, however dazzling the ability of these skits, they left in the reader some of that dissatisfaction and scepticism that had given them birth. The author's sense of the ridiculous was as unsparing with the great as with the small. In fact the bigger the genius the bigger his mannerisms appeared through the magnifying glass of Midler's and Reboux's satire. There are others, besides his readers, who will regret poor Charles Müller; those who had received the consecration of his satire and those who were expecting it. OCTOBER 6.—In England, where the papers are, it appears, bristling with news (in how far genuine or really interesting I cannot say, as I see few) no idea can be formed of the economy of information dispensed here. The provinces have to be satisfied with next to nothing. We who are spoilt have to-day, for instance, to do with the following official bulletin and such commentaries and speculations as the ingeniousness of journalists can embroider upon it. "The general situation is stationary. AT OUR RIGHT WING, action continues. IN ARGONNE and on the heights of the Meuse, we have repulsed both night and day attacks." Plus half a dozen lines about the Russian victories. The Comte de Mun writes in this morning's "Echo" that this parsimoniousness drives him to scour the English papers for information about the war's progress. Added to this fast in news a new rule forbids the publication of the names of all wounded. So much severity seems exaggerated caution. This evening I was given in exchange for a bank-note, the first gold I have seen for two months. In this morning's "Echo" M. de Mun's daily leader commenting on the endless battle and the penury of news contained the following passage: "To-night, after having written these lines, I will go to bed with hope in my heart. I hope, at the time they will be read, to awaken in enthusiasm." Perhaps this good Frenchman—excellent Christian, firm believer in his Catholic faith and intelligent propagator of its teachings—awakened to something even better than he hoped for, for at the hour he expected to hear at last of a great and definite victory, he was dead. Aged seventy-three he died of overstrain after writing a daily article for two months in the midst of the most tensely felt emotion and suppressed anxiety; an article which was each day an impassioned and dignified call to patriotism, confidence, calm and patience, and the well-informed commentary of an ex-soldier. He wrote more than sixty articles in this hight-strung note, without once recurring to cant. If the Comte de Mun, Academician, politician, orator, author, died too soon to witness the final victory, he lived long enough to see the wisdom of his propaganda in favour of the three years' service and attention to the country's defences in opposition to the tendencies of the Radical and Socialist parties. OCTOBER 7.—This morning we received the first card from a soldier since the beginning of the war. It is from Dr. de N.—The weather continues very fine and propitious for fighting!—This noon a "Taube" the French pronounce "Tobe") again flew over Paris. We heard the cannon from the Eiffel Tower announcing its presence, but were unable to distinguish the German from its pursuers all flying at a great height above us. This evening came a second soldier's letter (from G.C.C., the poet.—Here is a story from the front: The two almoners of a certain corps are, the one a Roman Catholic missionary the other a rabbi. They are great friends and do much good. One evening, having stayed long on a battlefield looking after wounded, they found it impossible to return to their quarters, so they put up in a poor little farm where was but one wretched bed. So they lay down on it together in their clothes. Said the priest to the rabbi: "If a photographer happened to be here he could make a picture of the Old and New Testaments as bed-fellows." OCTOBER 8.—How charming is Paris without motor-buses! Certain streets at certain hours—at noon particularly, for war or no war Paris lunches and dines at its usual absolutely untransferable hours—are perfectly silent, the prospects clear, progress unimpeded. This peaceful condition makes one dread for the future bringing back the old noise, rattle and confusion. Mme. V. has been telling me about the wounded she is nursing. To-day she had to sit a full hour holding with her two hands a wound which had reopened and 408 THE EGOIST November 2, 1914 caused hæmorrhage. Most of the men are brought in in so weak a state that they have to be operated upon without chloroform. The hands of men now arriving are unrecognisable as hands, so thickly crusted with earth are they; and not the most expert hospital washing can remove this coating, only a change of skin can do it. We moved into town to-day. OCTOBER 13.—Advertisement in this morning's paper: "R. . . L. . ., brigadier 8th Hussars, is notified that he is the father of a little girl born at St. B. . . on the 8th October. Mother and child well." I have allowed several days to pass without keeping my journal, which is a mistake as it is difficult to resume the thread. However, nothing very interesting occurred to us until yesterday when we went to see a friend at his temporary quarters near Saint Cyr, the French military school. The train thither was extremely crowded and progress slow. Some English soldiers got into the station at Versailles. They attracted curiosity as usual, but not so much as their petticoated colleagues. A little group of these stood on the platform waiting for orders, or squatted on their traps, in the midst of silently wondering French soldiers. The freshness of the English and Scots men's skins contrasted singularly with the paler complexions of the French. On alighting at . . . we had occasion to exchange a few words with the English soldiers, to whom people on the platform were bringing coffee and bread, and learnt that they were convalescents who had been in hospital at Versailles and were now off to Saint Nazaire. For some little attention to them they said to me, "Thank you, lady," and this term of courtesy sounded strange on French soil. It also struck H. S. C. who had never heard it away from London.—Here was Dr. . . . in his new military uniform. The village was quartering some three thousand men and officers. We had had to bring our luncheon, as food is not provided to civilians. We ate it in the typical yard of a French inn. Dr. . . .'s regiment had only just arrived and was leaving again in a few days. It had not been under fire, but had once narrowly escaped falling into the hands of the Germans. Dr. . . . looked thinner and somewhat weary. In fact I notice that each one's early cheerfulness has been replaced not by lack of confidence, by any means, but by a certain strain and anxiety. We have all aged, but especially those who have come in direct contact with the hardest effects of the war. While chatting with Dr. . . . we were constantly interrupted by his orderly or infirmary assistant bringing messages. One of these struck us by the quiet precision of his speech, his interesting face. He is, in peace-time, a monk and renowned as a preacher. Monks and priests make the best of soldiers. As we were talking who should we see but another friend, the writer, E.M., whom we were at some pains to recognise owing to his change of costume and that modification of physiognomy to which I have already referred. Yet it was not three months ago that we were all four gathered round the piano at the . . . while N. enchanted us with her rendering of Bach and Debussy. E.M., who is in the génie (engineers), has been at this village ever since he was mobilised six weeks ago, spending long days of endless monotony.—Dr. . . . took us round his village to show us his quarters, first the villa in which he lodges, then the plain, elementarily fitted room which serves him for his consultations and as laboratory. In the yard some Territorials (that is men aged between thirty-five and forty-eight) were unloading bread, round cakes as heavy as stones, long loaves like logs, which they were piling up in a shed. From . . . we walked to Saint Cyr along one of those fine military roads which are France's monopoly, and at the station was the usual attendance of ladies distributing beverages, tobacco and flowers to the soldiers in the trains. In our compartment there were three soldiers, two of them belonging to the chasseurs alpins corps who did fine work in the East, hard-drilled, robust little mountaineers from the South, nimble and tireless like goats, surefooted and stubborn like mules. Their outfit is much more sensible than that of the majority of French troops who find their red trousers and glittering galoons and buttons distinctly too favourable to the enemy's aim. The chasseurs alpins are dressed in dark blue from head to foot like sailors, a tam-o'-shanter bearing a minute symbol, a tunic above the jersey, knickerbockers, puttees and a cape rolled like a sausage into a ring like a life-belt when not worn. These men are fresh-complexioned, they sound their r's violently, but speak more correctly than the Northerners, and are hardened by weeks spent in the mountain snows. They fought brilliantly in the earlier contests of the war and have left great numbers behind them. Our three travelling companions were returning from a term in hospital in Normandy to join their headquarters, the two alpins at Montpellier, their birthplace, the third at Carcassonne. The last had never been so far South, being a townsman from the Eastern provinces; the other two had never been so far North, and when we reached Versailles—its palace majestic in its golden, autumn frame—they asked where and what that place was. How they had travelled! At least these long hours spent in endless trains were so many hours spent away from gun-fire. All they would see of Paris was what they could during the change of stations which would be chiefly underground. They had no time to waste. The Northerner, a delicately constituted young man, had brought an ugly little cough back from the front where he had been wounded, but it did not seem to occur to him that it might spare him another opportunity for being "done with" altogether as he said smiling and resignedly. And one of the highlanders added: "And all that will be nothing if we get the victory," a remark which, when you read it in the papers, seems to emanate direct from the journalist's imagination, but which is good to hear from the soldier himself. I heard it. Those good people, the L.'s, of Reims, have at last written. The letter did not come by post, but was brought by hand by some traveller bound for the capital. They say they have had to put up German officers and soldiers who ate and drank all they could find, but neither looted nor destroyed the slightest thing. (This was the privilege of all who stayed quietly at home; unoccupied houses were subjected to pillage.) They have had very hard times, remaining for days without bread, and at other times having nothing but a soup made of bread, water and salt, and again having (bitterest of plights!) to accept la soupe des allemands. Now their house is occupied by French officers and their daily fare is assured; communication with the town being still impossible they depend upon the military for their supplies. OCTOBER 15.—Alec Carter, the French naturalised jockey, of English parentage, young, good-looking, well educated and extremely popular in sporting circles, follows Jean Bouin, the world's champion pedestrian (France's only world champion) on the war's death-roll. A few days ago I bought some brown bread at a baker's. When I asked for some to-day I was told the police had seized what had been found and forbidden the baking of any more under penalty. Why may wheat-meal be used and not rye? Why may buns be sold and not croissants? Why cakes and not Vienna crust? At first we thought the prohibition of fancy bread a good idea, it brought the war home to all. But when it is extended to plain rye bread, the use of which may relieve the exceptional demands made on wheat, then it seems quite absurd. As a rule the French despise rye and contemptuously pity the German for having to eat black bread, so now its assimilation with "fancies" or "luxuries" is at least surprising. Otherwise provisions continue normally except sugar and eggs which have risen in price as has also coal. Rock salt is again on the market, but such a refinement as table-salt must still be foregone. Grapes are to be had in quantities, but certain dry wares, like bottles and paper have become scarce and among clothing woollen materials, notably men's socks and underclothing. Much work that used to be undertaken by men such as tram conducting and ticket punching on the underground line, is now in the hands of women, these being selected from among the wives of mobilised employés. They are generally young, nice-looking, neat women and they fill their offices to November 2, 1914 THE EGOIST 409 perfection. Their exceptional position commands respect and the disputes common on French traffic between passengers and officials do not occur under feminine rule. MURIEL CIOLKOWSKA. (To be continued.) ERRATUM.—On page 388 of the last issue in the article on Odilon Redon (first column) "in our national view of life" should have read "in our rational view of life."—M. C. THE SONGS OF MALDOROR. By The COMTE de LAUTREAMONT. PART I.—(continued). AT my last hour (I write this on my death-bed) I shall not be seen surrounded by priests. I shall die cradled by the waves of a tempestuous sea, or standing on a mountain . . . my eyes will not be turned to heaven: I know that my annihilation will be complete. Moreover, I shall not have the grace of hope. Who opens the door of my death-chamber? I had said that no one should come in. Whoever you are depart; but if you think you will see signs of pain or of fear on my hyena-like face (I use this comparison though the hyena is more beautiful than I and more agreeable to look at), be undeceived: let him approach. We are in a winter's night, when on every side the elements are in confusion, when man is afraid and when the young man meditates some crime on one of his friends if it happens to be in my youth. Let the winds whose plaintive murmurings sadden humanity—since the winds, since humanity exist—some moments before my last agony—let the winds bear me on the bones of his wings across the world, impatient for my death. Secretly I shall still enjoy numerous examples of human malice (a brother without being seen likes to see the acts of his brothers). The eagle, the raven, the imperishable pelican, the wild duck, the wandering crane trembling with cold, will see me pass in the glow of the stars, a horrible and contented spectre. They will not know what it means. On the earth, the viper, the large eye of the toad, the tiger, the elephant; in the sea, the whale, the shark, the hammer-fish, the shapeless skate, the tooth of the polar seal, will ask themselves what is this derogation to the laws of nature. Man, trembling, will hold his forehead to the dust in the midst of his outcries. "Yes, I surpass you all by my innate cruelty, a cruelty which it has not depended upon me to efface. Is it for this motive that you show yourself thus prostrated before me? Or is it that you see me, a new phenomenon, traverse bleeding space like a terrifying comet? (A rain of blood pours from my huge body like the dark cloud which the storm drives before it). Fear nothing, children, I will not curse you. The evil you have done me is too great, too great the evil I have done you that it should be voluntary. You have walked in your path, I have walked in mine; both similar, both perverse. Of necessity we had to meet each other, with this similitude of character; the shock which resulted has been fatal to us both." Then, men will lift up their heads little by little and take courage to see who is speaking in this manner, and will stretch out their necks like snails. Suddenly, their faces burning, discomposed, showing the most terrible passions, they will grin like frightened wolves. At the same time they will stand up like immense steel springs. What curses! What howlings of the voice! They have recognised men. The animals of the earth unite themselves with men and make their bizarre clamours heard. No more reciprocal hate; the two hatreds are turned against the common enemy—me; I fear their treachery! Yes, let me disappear from their eyes little by little, completely satisfied, a witness once more of the consequences of passions . . . I thank you, O rhinopholus, for having awakened me with the movement of your wings—you whose nose is surmounted by a crest in the shape of a horse-shoe: I now perceive that it was unhappily only a slight illness, and with disgust I feel myself returning to life. Some say that you came to me to suck the little blood which is left in my body: why is this hypothesis not the reality! * * * * A family surrounds a lamp placed on a table: "My son, give me the scissors which are on that chair." "They are not there, mother." "Go and get them in the next room then. Do you remember the time, my sweet lord, when we prayed to have a child in whom we should be born again and who would be the prop of our old age?" "I remember, and God has been good to us. We need not complain of our lot on this earth. Every day Providence blesses us with new benefits. Our Edward has all his mother's graces." "And all the good qualities of his father." "Here are the scissors, mother; I have found them." He goes on with his work . . . but, somene has come to the door, and contemplates for several moments the picture which is offered to his eyes: "What does this sight mean? There are many people who are less happy than these. What reason have they for loving existence? Depart, Maldoror from this peaceable hearth; your place is not here." He is gone! "I don't know what has happened; but I feel the human faculties giving battle in my heart. My soul is unquiet, without knowing why; the atmosphere is heavy." "Woman, I feel the same impressions as yourself; I tremble lest some misfortune should come to us. Let us have confidence in God; in Him is the supreme hope." "Mother, I can scarcely breathe; my head hurts." "You too, my son! I will cool your head with vinegar." "No, mother . . ." See, he rests his body on the back of the chair, tired out. "Something is turning round inside me—something which I cannot explain. The slightest thing troubles me." "How pale you are: The end of this vigil will not come before some terrible event has plunged us all three in the lake of despair." I hear from afar long cries of the most poignant grief. "My son!" "Ah, mother! . . . I am afraid." "Tell me quickly—are you in pain?" "No, mother . . . ah, that is not true." The father cannot recover from his astonishment: "These are the cries which are sometimes heard in the silence of starless nights. Although we hear these cries the sufferer is not near us; for these screams can be heard three miles away, borne by the winds from one city to another. I have often heard people speak of this phenomenon; but I have never heard them myself. Woman, you speak to me of misfortune; if a more real misfortune existed in the long spiral of time, it is the misfortune of him who now troubles the sleep of his fellows . . ." I hear from afar long cries of the most poignant grief. "May it please heaven that his birth be not a calamity for his country, which has cast him out of her bosom. Some say that he is overwhelmed by a kind of original madness from his childhood. Others think that he is of an extreme and instinctive cruelty of which he is ashamed himself, and that this sorrow has killed his parents. There are others who say that he was blasted by a cognomen in his youth; that he has remained inconsolable for the rest of his existence because his wounded dignity saw in this a flagrant proof of the malice of mankind, which showed itself in his first years and afterwards increased. This cognomen was The Vampire! . . ." I hear from afar long cries of the most poignant grief. "They add that, by night and by day, without respite or repose horrible nightmares make him bleed at the mouth and ears; and that spectres sit on the rail of his bed and throw in his face—urged in spite of themselves by an unknown force, sometimes with a gentle voice sometimes in a voice 410 THE EGOIST November 2, 1914 like the roars of battle—they hurl in his face with an implacable persistence this biting, hideous cognomen which will only perish with the universe. Some have affirmed that he was reduced to this state by love; or that these cries are caused by his repentance for some crime buried in the night of his mysterious past. But the greatest number think that he is tormented by an immeasurable pride, like Satan of old, and that he desires to be the equal of God . . . ." I hear from afar long cries of the most poignant grief. (Translated by RICHARD ALDINGTON). (To be continued.) Translator's Note.—This amazing work is, in some ways, one of the most marvellous achievements in modern literature. The author was a Frenchman from Montevideo. His name was Isidore Ducasse, but he assumed the nom de plume of Comte de Lautréamont. The book was written when the author was seventeen years old, in 1867. Ducasse died of fever at the age of twenty. Had he lived, he might have been "one of the glories of French literature." As it is, the work remaining is extremely unequal. Lautréamont was not mad, in spite of all opinions to the contrary. This has been proved by M. L. Genonceaux, in his preface to the "Chants de Maldoror." Neither did he suffer from any form of sexual aberration. He was simply an audacious genius who dared to think what no one had thought before and who dressed his thoughts in such supreme irony that he really appears mad to the bourgeois intelligence of the modern world. WAR POETRY. WE have called attention from time to time to the immense interest in poetry . . . which has sprung up during the past two or three years. Suddenly . . . the call to the poet has come, with the noblest of all themes to inspire him. Certainly . . . he has not failed the call. Poetry, or at any rate verse, has poured forth." . . . Thus far the oracle of the "Times Literary Supplement." I have before me, as I write, one of these outpourings. It is called "Poems of the Great War" (Chatto and Windus, 1s. net.). On the brown-stained cover a woman is nursing a seemingly inanimate baby in a room upholstered, apparently, with flags of the nations. A scrubby youngster is drawing a sword several sizes too large for him. Touching picture! Turn to the contents, only to find ourselves disarmed before the title page. Opposite it stands printed— DUTY. Give gladly, you rich—'tis no more than you owe— For the weal of your country, your wealth's overflow! Even I that am poor am performing my part; I am giving my brain, I am giving my heart. WILLIAM WATSON. What use England has for poor brains and hearts is not stated. Poets masquerading as beggarmen—the "weal" of England expressed in terms of the dividends of her subjects, (naturalised or otherwise)—these be stirring times, my masters! Let us advance to the next redoubt. Robert Bridges, Poet Laureate of England sets the tone. Doric or Mixo-Lydian, Mr. Bridges will go down to posterity. He has already written such lines as "Uncanopied sleep is flying from tree to tree," or "Dreamy butterflies unpiloted in the sun," or "The Spring Goddess cowers in faint attire, of frightened fire." Like the "Observer" reviewer, I am ashamed to have missed the beauty of these. Beauties of a common sort are in "Wake up, England!" Thou careless, awake! Thou peacemaker, fight! Stand, England, for Honour, And God guard the Right! The foe is upon thee And grave is the day. The Monarch Ambition Hath harnessed his slaves; But the folk of the Ocean Are free as the waves. Up, careless, awake! Ye peacemakers, fight! England stands for honour: (And so say all of us) God defend the Right! Parliament ought surely to vote an increase of sack to the Laureate's doubtless exiguous salary. Mr. Bridges has made his niche in English literature secure; he stands beside Eusden and Pye. Unless indeed it turns out that these verses are not really by Mr. Bridges but are of the Kaiser's own manufacture, and were written to discredit, demoralise, and utterly metagrabolise poor England. Let it be looked into. Curiously enough, the next "poem" in this peerless assembly, by Henry Newbolt, expresses precisely the same sentiments: "England! where the sacred flame," etc., etc., etc. Watch beside thine Arms to-night, Pray that God defend the Right. The mystery deepens. Which was the first to think of that great, immensely original line? Or have the poets taken to spying on each other? Perish the thought! The rest of the volume is a little disconcerting. We are shocked by such cannonading rhymes and sentiments as— Let him (Wilhelm!) learn this, that the due grief Of his own vice he cannot ban By outrage of a highway thief; Let him remember the Corse-sick-can— and we are only pacified when we learn that Maurice Hewlett is their author. Until I saw this name, I veritably believed that the Duke of Wellington had come to life again and taken up the pen in his country's defence. Next, Laurence Binyon rhymes "desire on" with "iron" and speaks of England—toujours Angleterre!—as being "In the hour of peril purified." This is a difficult line to enunciate properly. The first time I tried it I could only say, "In the hour of puerile perified." Alfred Noyes, whom I thought of with half-sympathy as one holding down the arduous job of a Princeton professorship and Post-Laureate to America, has returned to the Motherland with "felon hands" and "scutcheons rent from sky to outraged sky!" I wish I could quote in full the next poem, by R. E. Vernéde, whom the "Times," inter alia, seem to be backing for the next Laureateship stakes. Thus "England to the Sea": Me whom thou suckled'st on thy milk of foam— Have I not reared for thee time and again, And bid go forth to share thy fierce embraces, Sea-ducks, sea-wolves, sea-rovers, and sea-men? Polygamy was bad enough. Here is zoological promiscuity openly advocated, Shades of Prince Albert (of Schleswig-Holstein-Gottorp) and Alfred, Lord Tennyson! The next bard seizes the fantaisiste lyre and exclaims: We've shut the gates by Dover Straits, And North, where the tides run free, Cheek by jowl, our watch-dogs prowl, Grey hulks in a greyer sea! Bulldogs on the ocean! Help, help, hooray! Chesterton profits by his bulk to disguise himself as "The Wife of Flanders" (Rubens might grow green with envy!) and to exclaim to an Uhlan: The great green land has trampled on her, The treason and terror of the night we met. It is a relief to turn from this to the stern Miltonic ring of: And now while the dark vast earth shakes and rocks In this wild dreamlike snare of mortal shocks, but not of laughter, let us hope. November 2, 1914 THE EGOIST 411 More modern in its sentiment is this ineffable stanza: There's a man who fights for England, and he'll keep her still atop, He will guard her from dishonour in the markets (of Germany please) and the shop, He will save her homes from terror on the fields of—"Daily Mail," He's the man who sticks to business, and who knows how oft to fail. I am afraid I have not quoted this correctly. I am myself tempted to match, with my gentle skill, these lines: There's a man who is "a howler in the prairies of the west," Booth and Christ he set together, Rothschild's Cross is on his breast; And his name is 'Arold Begbie. But they'll say when he is dead: "When the Muse showed him her ankles, still he always kept his head." After such incomparable rhymes, one is not at all surprised to find "France's hands taking hold of the battlements of Hell," as Cecil Chesterton has it, in the next morceau from this charming collection. I cannot quote more from this little volume. Such samples as I have given must suffice. One thing more remains to say. Let everyone buy this book. It only costs a shilling, and that shilling goes to the National Relief Fund. Those who are incapacitated by its reading will doubtless obtain their share of this fund later on. Those who are not, can do still another and a greater service to England by posting their copies to "The Kaiser, Potsdam, for Free Distribution to the German Army." If any such copies reach their destination, we may all sleep secure in our beds, as Lord Rosebery long ago exhorted us to do. The German Army will explode with laughter, and everyone will see that "poetry, or at any rate verse," is of some use after all. JOHN GOULD FLETCHER. THE ORANGE SYMPHONY. By JOHN GOULD FLETCHER. I. Now that all the world is filled With armies clamouring: Now that men no longer live and die, one by one, But in vague indeterminate multitudes: Now that the trees are coppery towers, Now that the clouds loom southward, Now that the glossy creeper Spatters the walls like spilt wine: I will go out alone, To catch strong joy of solitude Where the treelines, in gold and scarlet, Swing strong grape-cables up the smouldering face of the hill. II. Guns crashing, Thudding, Ululating, Tumultious. Guns yelping over the cracked earth, Where dry bugles blare. Here in this hollow It is very quiet, Only the wind's hissing laughter In the place of tombs. One by one these gaunt scarred faces Lift up blurred wrinkled inscriptions Silently beseeching me to stop and ponder. What does it matter if I do not stop to read them? No one at all has gone this way that I have chosen before. A leaf drops slowly in silence: It is a long time twisting and hovering on its way to the earth. Guns booming, Bellowing, Crashing, Desperate. Insistent outcry of savage guns, Rocking the gloomy hollow. I will run out like the wind, Snarling, with savage laughter; Like the wind that tosses the grey-black clouds, Against the shot-racked barrier of flaming trees. I will race between the grey guns, And the clouds, like shrapnel exploding, Flinging their hail through the tumult, Bursting, will melt in cold spray. I am the wanderer of the world; No one can hold me. Not the cannon assembled for battle, Nor the gloomy graves of the hollow, Nor the house where I long time slumbered, Nor the hilltop where roads are straggling. My feet must march to the wind. Like a leaf dropping slowly, An orange butterfly turning and twisting, I touch with moist passionate palms the leaden inscriptions Of my past. Then I turn to depart. III. The trees dance about the inn; The wind thrusts them into flamelets. Now my thoughts gipsying, Go forth to strange walls and new fires. Mouths stained with brown-red berries, Bronzed cheeks sunken, unshaven, Ragged attire; We swing our guitars at the hip As we tramp heedless, uncaring. In the inn the fire crackles; On the hearth the wine is simmering. Lift up the brown beaker one instant, Drink deeply—fling out the last coin—let us go. On the plains there is drooping harvest, But no harvest can for long time hold us, We have seen the winds baffled. Racing up the orange-flecked trench of the hills. IV. On the hill summit Where the gusty wind all night long has assailed me, Now I see stars vanishing Before the long cold clutching fingers of dawn. Stars, scintillant, fire-hued, metallic, Topaze fruit of the deep-blue garden: Southward you go, my constellations, And leave me with the white day, alone. Over the hilltop Swish with scurry of wings Millions of pale brown birds, Songless, pulsing southward. Birds who have filled the trees, And who fled long ago at my passing, Now you clatter in heedless tumult, Fanning with your hot wings my face. Carry this word to the southward: Say that I have forgotten them that wait for me, All the loves and the hates need expect me no longer, In the autumn at last I am alone. 4l2 THE EGOIST November 2, 19l4 Suddenly The wind crashes through the tree-tops, Stripping away their orange-tiled domes; Stark blue skeletons, forbidding Gesticulate in my face. You whom I planted and lavished With all the wealth and beauty I had to bestow, Hurry away, vain harvest, The winds' scythes can reap you, Where you lie on the earth, and to death's barns you can go. Beyond the hilltop I have seen only the sky. The wind, naked, prodding up black-furred clouds, Cossacks of winter. Cry, wind, Shriek to the shivering southland, That I am going into winter, That I do not hope to return. Farewell, crowded stars, Farewell, birds, winds, clouds and tree-tops, I, weary of you all, I seek my destined joy in the north-land, Amid blue ice and the rose-purple night of the pole. V. Beyond the land there lies the sea; And on the sea with wings unfurled, Bloodily huge the sunset rests, Feathers flickering and claws curled, Watching to seize the ruined world. Rolling in a torrent, Brown leaves, my achievements, Rise up from dark-wooded valleys And scatter themselves on the sea; Brown birds, my wild dreams, Mingle their bodies together, Shrieking and clamouring as they pass, Black charred silhouettes Against the west, curtained in orange flame. Now the wind starts up And strikes the seething water: Hissing in uncoiled fury Each foam-curled wave darts forward To clash and batter The smouldering iron-rust cliff, Where the end of my road is lost. Rise up, black clouds; Pounce upon the sunset: Tear it with your jagged teeth. Fling yourselves, seething winds, in circles Upon the blue-black water, Swirl, leaves, and dance Amid the chaos of breakers, Flicker, birds, an instant Against the tawny tiger throat of the sun Which is snarling in the west. Beat down, O great winds, westward, Loose reins and gallop to seaward, Rush me too, to that ocean, In which I have found my goal. Lash me, lap me, rugged waves of blue-black water, Dash me, clutch me and do not let me rest one instant: All through the purple-blue night rock and soothe me, Till I awaken dreamingly at the faint rose breast of the dawn. ART AND DRAMA. IBSEN AND STRINDBERG ART WAR TIME. MR. JAMES HENDERSON, of Charing Cross Road, is issuing a pocket edition of "Plays Worth Reading," by Ibsen and Strindberg, at the within-reachable price of sevenpence each. The first issues are Ibsen's "An Enemy of Society," "Rosmersholm," "The Lady from the Sea," "The Doll's House," "Ghosts," "The Pillars of Society," and Strindberg's "Miss Julie," "Comrades," "The Creditor," "The Stronger Woman," and "Motherly Love," "Paria and Simoon." Why are we bidden to consider these plays at war time? Apparently because their authors were interested in conflict. But the conflict which specially interested Ibsen and Strindberg (the dismal psychologist) was the war of the sexes. This particular interest varies in their plays according as their vision varies. If Ibsen was for the civilised woman against civilised man, Strindberg was the reverse. Ibsen saw the fundamental truth underlying the relation of the sexes, and the colossal lie which centuries of blindness had superimposed upon it with so much force and so much skill. The truth was this: Woman is not separate from Man but a part of him. She is within him, just as Man is within Woman. Now any conspiracy by human beings to separate Man and Woman by setting up a different standard of conduct for each, and by conferring rulership on one or the other, is bad, and sex relations founded upon this basis of separation are inconceivably false. Ibsen was aware of the lie of this truth and successfully exposed it in "The Doll's House." I have spoken of Ibsen's interest in conflict. But it is noticeable that in handling his plot-interest he invariably contrives to raise it above the level of conflict to unfolding. We can trace this unfolding process in "The Doll's House." We see the author's vision of the fundamental unity of the human soul, then the devitalising process set up by the soul's separation into two sexes, the attempt of one sex to subjugate the other, the course of this duel for life in space and time, the sudden awakening of the oppressed half (Nora) to a consciousness of its lost position, the initiation into the truth of its nature and significance, the uplift towards liberation and the final promise of the recapture of its own. These are facts to be traced in "The Doll's House," and by his management of them Ibsen leads us into the very core of drama and dramatic expression. In fine, this play, like "Rosmersholm," begins at the physical climax and ends at the spiritual. Hence the significance given to suicide in "Rosmersholm" (in "Hedda Gabler" also) is not a physical but a spiritual one. Ibsen seems to say that the ignorance and folly of mankind has led to this dilemma. Under existing social conditions no two human souls can come together in complete harmony except through the death of the bodies which contain them. In fact, the spiritual-minded ought not to be born. But, being born, death opens up the fairest prospect of life to them. The spiritual unity of the sexes was the subject of a play by Miss Janette Steer, which I recently saw performed at the Court Theatre. I hope to return to it. * * * Ibsen then saw that the Ego has no sex. But mankind has given it two sexes. So long as there are two sexes mankind will continue to believe that it is essential one of the two should be humiliated. Clearly the sexes must go. I think it was due to the unity of soul in him that Ibsen attained the said vision. I mean it was the Woman in Ibsen that experienced the fundamental truth and saw so clearly the evil of separation. I think fundamental truths are the qualities of that to which they belong. Wisdom does not dwell in the mind that is subject to unwisdom. And it was because Strindberg lacked this unity that he wrote so destructively about Woman. He had the Woman element in him, but something had poisoned it, and every impression he received through this side of him was poisonously expressed. He simply wrote what the poisoned woman wanted him to write. This accounts for his faithful portraits of devitalised, servile Woman (and not of a type as an immature mind might suppose). He represents her as hideous, ill-proportioned, crawling, a whining hypocrite, living on Man and undermining him. Take "The Creditor." Here we have Woman in all her blatant unloveliness. She has no ego of her own. She sucks out her second husband's and leaves him a wreck. Says he, it is "as though she were a part of my ego, a piece out of my inside, that stole away my will." His "very marrow" is "in her." He is accounting for his lost power of creation, health, November 2, 1914 THE EGOIST 413 everything. In fact, says the first husband, "she has devoured your soul" . . . "as savages devour their enemies." He, too, has experienced the sweating capacity of the creature and has no illusions left about her real nature. These plays of his, in spite of their big cargo of strong meat, are not dramatic. They are dissection, not soul-movement as in Ibsen's plays. Still, they will be read by the complete misogynist, who in the reading thereof will grow as young and lusty as an eagle. They will be distributed in tens of thousands by the Anti-Suffs. They will be compared with Ibsen's by students who are undecided whether women are angels (Ibsen) or men are gods (Strindberg). And they will be avoided by the Victorian young Miss with a silk shoe and a simper. HUNTLY CARTER. PRELIMINARY ANNOUNCEMENT OF THE COLLEGE OF ARTS.* IT has been noted by certain authors that London is the capital of the world, and "Art is a matter of capitals." At present many American students who would have sought Vienna or Prague or some continental city are disturbed by war. To these The College of Arts offers a temporary refuge and a permanent centre. We draw the attention of new students to the fact that no course of study is complete without one or more years in London. Scholarly research is often but wasted time if it has not been first arranged and oriented in the British Museum. The London collections are if not unrivalled at least unsurpassed. The Louvre has the Venus and the Victory but the general collection of sculpture in the Museum here is, as a whole, the finer collection. The National Gallery is smaller than the Louvre but it contains no rubbish. Without chauvinism we can very easily claim that study in London is at least as advantageous as study elsewhere, and that a year's study in London by no means prevents earlier or later study in other capitals. The American student coming abroad is usually presented with two systems of study, firstly, that of "institutions" for the most part academic, sterile, professorial; secondly, instruction by private teachers often most excellent, often the reverse. The College of Arts offers contact with artists of established position, creative minds, men for the most part who have already suffered in the cause of their art. Recognising the interaction of the arts, the inter-stimulous, and inter-enlightenment, we have gathered the arts together, we recommend that each student shall undertake some second or auxiliary subject, though this is in all cases left to his own inclination. We recognise that certain genius runs deep and often in one groove only, and that some minds move in the language of one medium only. But this does not hold true for the general student. For him and for many of the masters one art is the constant illuminator of another, a constant refreshment. The college prepares two sorts of instruction; one for those who intend a career in some single art, who desire practical and technical instruction, a second for those who believe that learning is an adornment, a gracious and useless pleasure, that is to say for serious art students and for the better sort of dilettanti. The cost of instruction will very from £20 to £100, depending on how much the student wishes to do himself and how much he wishes to have done for him. We recognise that the great majority of students now coming to Europe are musical students, the next most numerous class are painters and sculptors; we nevertheless, believe that there are various other studies which would be pursued if students knew where to go for instruction. *This interesting prospectus comes to hand. Its value is such that we hasten to print it entire. We try not to duplicate courses given in formal institutions like the University of London, or purely utilitarian courses like those of Berlitz. London is itself a larger university, and the best specialists are perhaps only approachable in chance conversation. We aim at an intellectual status no lower than that attained by the courts of the Italian Renaissance. Our organisation is not unlike that of a University graduate-school, and is intended to supplement the graduate instruction in "arts." This instruction is offered to anyone who wants it, not merely to those holding philological degrees. A knowledge of morphology is not essential to the appreciation of literature, even the literature of a forgotten age or decade. M. Arnold Dolmetsch's position in the world of music is unique, and all music lovers are so well aware of it, that one need not here pause to proclaim it. Painting and sculpture are taught by the most advanced and brilliant men of our decade, but if any student desires instruction in the earlier forms of the art, instruction in representative painting awaits him. The faculty as arranged to date, though it is still but a partial faculty, is perhaps our best prospectus. SCULPTURE. Atelier of Sculpture ......... Gaudier-Brzeska PAINTING. Atelier of Painting ......... Wyndham Lewis Assistant, and Director of the Atelier, H. Sanders. Atelier of Design ... ... Edward Wadsworth Representational Painting (miniature) Private instruction ......... Mathilde Huhn Portraiture, and the History of Occidental Painting Reginald Wilenski (Writer on the History of the Fine Arts to "The Athenæum") Etching and Dry Point ...... Wm. P. Robins MUSIC. Ancient Music ............Arnold Dolmetsch Modern Instruments:— Violin .........Senyei (arrangement pending) 'Cello ... ... ... ... ... Felix Salmond Assistant, Beatrice Eveline. Piano ............... K. R. Heyman Assistant, Gladys Hamilton. Voice ...............Robert de Brouce Diseuse ............... Augette Fôret Lecturer on modern Russian Composers ... Edwin Evans LETTERS. Comparative Poetry.........Ezra Pound, M.A. Author of "Personæ" "Exultations," "The Spirit of Romance" (a study of the mediæval poetry of latin Europe), "The Approach to Paris" (a series of papers dealing with the contemporary poetry of France, "New Age"), etc., translator of Guido Cavalcanti's "Ballate" and of the "Canzoni of Arnaut Daniel"; Contributor to "The Quarterly Review," "The Fortnightly Review," etc., Sometime Fellow in Romanics of the University of Pennsylvania, now in charge of the late Ernest Fenollosa's papers dealing with Chinese lyric poetry and the Japanese stage. Russian Novelists ... Ivan Korshune (John Cournos) Translator of various tales by Gogol, Korolenko, Dostoyevsky, Gorky Turgenev, Chekov, Andreyev, Sologub, Remizov, etc. (World's Masterpiece series), Contributor to "The Forum," "Lippincott's," "The Mask," etc. 414 THE EGOIST November 2, 1914 Russian Contemporary Thought Zinaida Vangerowa Published works: Seven volumes of essays in Russian. Contributor to "The Fortnightly Review," etc. Dramatic-Criticism ...... Cecil Inslee-Dorrian Late dramatic critic of "The New York Tribune," general European representative of the Oliver Morosco Company (Los Angeles and New York). PHOTOGRAPHY. Studio ............ Alvin Langdon Coburn CRAFTS. (in course of arrangement). Silver and Ornament...... Laboratory Sandheim Pottery ............ Furniture and Reproduction . . . Book-binding (Plain Letter Illuminating, Tool-work, Inlay, Restoration) ... G. Sutcliffe Printing ............ Chas. T. Jacobi (Man- aging Partner of the Chiswick Press). Engraving, Wood-cut...... Metalwork ......... Enamel ............ Jewels ............ "The Crafts become the Fine Acts when men of sufficient culture maintain them." THE DANCE. XVI. Century Dances ... ... Mrs. Dolmetsch Communications should be addressed to the Secretarial Offices, 5, Holland Place Chambers, Kensington, London, W., to Vaughn Baron, Sec. As a supplement to the various courses in arts and crafts, we point out the value of individual research in, and study of, the various collections of the South Kensington, and British Museums. We will endeavour to save the student's time by giving general direction for such work, and initiation in method, apart from the usual assistance offered by the regular Museum officials. In certain rare cases, the American college student, desiring more than his degree, will find it possible to spend his Junior or Sophomore year in London and return to his own University for graduation. Those desiring to do this should of course submit to us their plans of study, together with a clear statement of their requirements for graduation at the home college. Such students will have to possess rather more than average intelligence. If intending to take graduate work for higher degrees, they may, however, find that this form of recess will give them a distinct advantage over their colleagues, such as fully to compensate for the inconvenience and derangement of undergraduate studies. It is always open to them, to fill in routine courses by application to the University of London (that is to say, ordinary mathematics or classics) pursuing said courses in conjunction with their special work with the College of Arts. (End of Prospectus). Remarks.—The college should come as a boon to various and numerous students who would otherwise be fugging about in continental pensions, meeting one single teacher who probably wishes them in the inferno, and dependent for the rest on fellow boarders and public amusements. Secondly, it would seem designed to form itself into a centre of intelligent and intellectual activity, rather than a cramming factory where certain data are pushed into the student regardless of his abilities or predilections. We note with interest that M. Dolmetsch's book on "The Interpretation of The Music of the XVII. and XVIII. centuries" is announced as about to appear. THE THEATRE. THE theatre is the staging for emotion; has been, must be. . . . Emotion invariably translates itself into action, immediate or deferred; Never in words. Words are a waste product of emotion and do not concern it. Thus the intellectual drama is not drama at all. It is the "acting version" of a novel. This much for Shakespeare. The new school Strindberg.—Tchekhov. * * * A fool is not known as such by his words. His actions are the clue to his madness. Similarly the hero, the villain. The secret springs which move them and which the dramatist considers himself bound to expose have but a literary value and do not concern us when shown upon the stage. The idea that they interest even is mistaken. A successful play however is a valuable property. There are also actors and actresses. A play of pure emotion would need a tithe of the present cast of a play, a hundredth of the expense in staging. . . . Hence its impracticability. * * * The successful playwright, Shakespeare, Tchekhov later, discovered that without action of some sort, no play "will go." That is, a play without some spectacular interest. No two senses may be concentrated without one losing somewhat in intensity. A sonata cannot be criticised and heard intensely at the same moment. Nor the music of a ballet when the choreography is overloaded. The only form of drama which evades these mistakes is that made by "Marionettes." That is, conventionalised figures which do not draw attention to their idiosyncrasies; placed in a neutral environment which does not detract from the evocation of a pure emotion. For hundreds of years this has been understood. It must not be lost sight of. THE EVOCATION OF RACE MEMORIES. Art no longer attempts to elevate. So rare indeed is it to meet one who believes in a utilitarian art that it was a profound shock for me to hear lately, "but I don't see what use your poetry is." Not attempting to elevate, Art becomes entirely a factor for the suggestion of emotions; thoughts. With the old artists, too often it was merely a hitting of the same nail after it had impinged ,thus driving it into a groove where the vibrations were deadened instead of merely a first tap which would have caused the whole of the receptive material to vibrate (the liberation of a complex). It is conceivable that a smell of musk wafted through a theatre would affect an audience more poignantly, more profoundly, than anything they had before then experienced. For all plays are amenable to intellectual criticism of whatever kind. Hamlet need not affect a single member of the audience who does not wish it. This insidious smell of musk penetrates deeper into the mind through the senses, until the body is rapt into those vague splendid imaginings which are the flutterings of memories of man and the earth when they were young. Who knows why a leaf pittering along a starlit path fills one with a sense of impending tragedy which surpasses all the poignancy made by poets telling of great loves? An empty stage, quite dark; the rustling of a few leaves—I can conceive nothing which could affect me more poignantly, more profoundly. I want to take a theatre in London, using for the plays either human marionettes of the Dutch-doll type or naked humans, or to clothe them in a sort of cylindrical garment. The plays will be the completion of a cycle dealing with the primitive emotions, of which Fear is one, these being I think the simplest for the evocation of race November 2, 1914 THE EGOIST 415 memories. The Margaret Morris theatre in Chelsea might be procured fairly cheaply, and it is cosy and intimate. About £20 would pay for two shows and I should be glad to hear from readers who are interested and how much they are prepared to contribute to such an end. FEAR. A large room. At back the wall is semi-transparent and dimly through this the opposite wall of the corridor may be seen. A figure passing down this corridor would appear shadowy and in silhouette. Everything in the room is very clear in the strong light of a hot summer afternoon. There is a door, back left corner. Pierrot and Columbine play chess. They play in silence for many seconds. Then steps are heard. They commence in the upper parts of the house, moving slowly down a corridor, very deliberately descending the stairs until they reach the door of the room. Nobody. The corridor remains empty. Pierrot goes to the door, which he opens casually, glances out and, seeing nothing, returns to the chessmen. Columbine has sat quietly watching the game. Again steps are heard. Pierrot hears them while they are still in the upper parts of the house; listening intently as they descend the stairs. He rushes to the door, fumbling at the handle. The steps fade away. Again he returns to the table. Columbine trembles when a pawn is put down. The steps recommence, slowly and deliberately. When they reach the door Pierrot flings it open. Nothing! Columbine stands trembling. Both wait behind the open door trembling. Again the steps are heard descending, but slyly and maliciously and lingering as though familiarly on the boards, till it reaches them. Nothing. And they tremble. Wearily they return to the chess board. They hear suddenly two short steps and a tap at the door. Pierrot rushes to the door. Columbine has risen. Suddenly she starts as though touched—and again—and again. She begins weeping, but no sound is heard. The steps, deliberate and very clear, recommence in the upper corridor. Pierrot wearily returns to the chess. The steps are not heard. They recommence playing, often starting as the pieces touch the board. The steps are heard. Pierrot rushes from the room. His figure is silhouetted vaguely through the semi-transparent wall as he rushes to and fro. Twilight is in the room. Columbine stands still. Suddenly she turns as though touched by someone—and again—and again. Unable to bear the strain, she rushes after Pierrot. Two pairs of feet are heard running through the upper parts of the house. A door slams. Occasionally they pass each other behind the semi-transparent wall, but as though oblivious of each other, stopping and turning often, bewildered. . . . They are heard mounting stairs. The rushing of feet grows fainter, louder, fainter. Sometimes a third pair of feet seems to be echoing them, sometimes distinct, sometimes mere echo. It seems to be playing, softly and slyly and maliciously moving over the boards and after it, the feet of Pierrot and Columbine. In the corridor behind the semi-transparent wall, Pierrot and Columbine run wildly past each other, to and fro, to and fro. . . . Sometimes it seems there is another form, more tenuous still, moving with them, in and out, in and out, disappearing sometimes. They are heard mounting stairs. Two pairs of feet loudly and hurriedly, and after them, softly and slyly and maliciously, a third. Very suddenly, deep silence. Stage clicks into complete darkness and is empty half a minute. Curtain descends rustily. JOHN RODKER. CORRESPONDENCE. NOTE TO CORRESPONDENTS.—While quite willing to publish letters under noms de plume, we make it a condition of publication that the name and address of each correspondent should be supplied to the Editor.—ED. * * * WAR IS AN ILLUSION. To the Editor, THE EGOIST. MADAM, I am glad of the opportunity, afforded by Miss Florence Bradford's letter, to clear one or two fundamental points obscured by condensation. My argument may be put this way. War is an illusion. It is an illusion of an illusion—namely, material civilisation. This illusion operates upon the mind of man in such a way as to cause it to manifest all the symptoms of a malignant disease. Perhaps it is simpler to say the illusion itself is a disease. But let me consider the matter from a civilisation point of view. Formerly warfare had a biological cause or justification. Then it was a part of the process of physical natural selection. In tribal warfare, both the strong and the weak went to fight, and the superior tribes, mentally and physically, tended to eliminate the inferior tribes. This process continuing during hundreds of years, doubtless promoted human (physical) evolution. Modern warfare has not this biological justification. From an evolutionary standpoint it is harmful—i.e., its biological (racial) influence is harmful. Educationally, it is said (especially by editors with the school-teacher mind), to have its value. It inculcates discipline and courage, and promotes physical development. But, unfortunately for the educationist, this has no racial influence, seeing that acquired characters are not inheritable. Thus to be of service to mankind warfare must take place in each generation. And if warfare has no lasting educational value, it is also bad eugenically (to use a much derided term). In some cases it tends to eliminate only the most fit physically; in others, the most fit mentally and physically. In countries where soldiering is voluntary, as with England, it is said to tend to eliminate the most brave, and this is a loss, for courage is a valuable mental asset. But the statement must be taken with caution, at least till we know what is meant by present-day courage, and the approaches to the origin of the fighting instinct in the modern recruit have been considered. Many men are caught by vivid military uniforms ostentatiously displayed. Others enlist for economic reasons. And we gather from the avalanche of "Letters from the Front" that courage is being largely confused with indifference or neutrality. Apparently the effect of being continually under fire is to deprive the mind of will-power and to render it utterly unconscious of hardship, danger, or whatever is transpiring. In fact, we have the clearest evidence that the present war, instead of improving the moral qualities of the combatants, is absolutely dehumanising the millions engaged in it. We cannot take up the "Times" without reading of something like the following: "Two armoured cars full of English surprised three Uhlans. Two of the Uhlans were soon accounted for, and a nice point arose for settlement between two of our men who were stalking the second of them. Each of the English claimed that this German was 'his man,' and the matter was only amicably resolved by both firing together and sharing the bag." Note the sporting phraseology. Nothing more is needed to enable us to realise the full glut of this bloody business. And it adds plausibility to the anthropological statement that man of all animals is the fiercest and most brutal fighter. No other species fight among themselves as members of the human species do. Among animals below men the intra-specien fighting is practically limited to fighting between polygamous males for the female—victory falling to the most powerful—and to females fighting to protect their young. In other words, the fighting instinct has a sexual origin. Anthropologists notice that the brutality and cruelty associated with fighting is confined to human beings. There is no evidence to show that animals are cruel. The carnivorous animals fight to kill. They do not stop to give murder the brutal air of a pigeon-shooting match, as apparently some of our low-browed loafers at the front are doing. To sum up. Where soldiering is voluntary, warfare tends to eliminate the most fit, physically; but where it is compulsory, as with France and Germany, it tends to eliminate the most fit, mentally and physically. In both cases it kills off packs of picked hirelings and military "sportsmen" out for "bags." I now come to Miss Bradford's question. What becomes of the most fit mentally who by reason of their physical unfitness 416 THE EGOIST November 2, 1914 are untouched by modern warfare? Do they tend to increase? And if so, would lasting warfare have the desirable effect of promoting human evolution on a higher plane than hitherto? In order to reply, let me first restate these points. (1) Modern warfare tends to eliminate the most fit physically, (2) leaving (a) weaklings, (b) wasters, (c) mentally fit. What do I mean by mentally fit? By the most fit mentally I mean those individuals in whom the highest inheritable mental characters are the most strongly developed. Such individuals are drawn together by a form of mental attractiveness that principally operates to subjugate animal passion and sexual relations. This means (3) the most fit mentally do not tend to carry on the race. (4) But weaklings and wasters tend to multiply very rapidly. My own medical experience has taught me this. (5) Therefore, modern warfare tends to result in a surplus population of these classes. (6) Its effect in this direction is largely aided by modern scientific discovery and the modern conspiracy to thwart Natural Selection in its effort to eliminate undesirables. Thus (7) the natural channels for reducing the surplus population are interfered with as follows: (a) War, selection of the most fit physically; (b) Famine, largely neutralised by improved facilities of transit; (c) Pestilence, checked by sanitation (hygiene); (d) the amazing benevolent interest for keeping putrescent human beings alive. (8) The artificial channel seen in a declining birth-rate is rendered inoperative through being used by the wrong class. My conclusion is that modern warfare does not promote human evolution. It imparts no lasting material benefits, and certainly confers no spiritual ones upon members of the human race. It is a malignant disease, and all who support it, of course, are a part of the disease. HUNTLY CARTER. SCENE 2: ENTER J. C. To the Editor, THE EGOIST. MADAM, When a "walking-on" gentleman in journalism enters upon the pitiless path of logic, the quickest way to get rid of him is to strangle him with his own stupidity. The young Russian gentleman, Mr. John Cournos, is out to discredit the accuracy of my statements concerning Wagner and Mr. Gordon Craig. This is how he does it. First paragraph. (1) To prove temperamental weakness and unsound judgment he makes use of the dishonest trick of merely exhibiting a letter whose very nature demands that it should be read in full. (2) Wilfully changes the sense of the letter from an explanation to an "apology." The letter does not contain one word of apology. There is no need of it. Whatever I said in my book at the time it was written was necessary to be said. But some statements were no longer necessary when the book was published two years later. Mr. Craig had changed his attitude, and given evidence of the change. I took full advantage of the new matter, and included it in my book, at the same time modifying my tone here and there. Finding, however, that the publisher had omitted some of the revisions, I wrote to Mr. Craig and pointed this out, giving him, at the same time, the fact and history of the present form of the book. I did not wish it to be thought that I take a malign pleasure in routing opponents. (3) Tears a sentence out of the context to strengthen a charge of weakness. The mood I experienced at the time of writing my book did not affect my judgment or accuracy. Second and fourth paragraphs. Quotes me rightly as saying that Wagner bequeathed the "mystic-form of drama," in order to misrepresent me as implying that "Wagner handed down mysticism," or the thing behind the form, and that the mystic-form of drama is music-drama. I implied that Wagner supposed an antecedent unity and suggested a three-fold form for securing this unity. He initiated this three-fold development in the modern theatre. Third paragraph. (1) Misrepresents Wagner and Mr. Craig as "fundamentally opposed." Fundamentally Wagner is in an infinite world. Where is Mr. Craig? I suppose he is where his disciples are conspiring to put him—in their own narrow, little world. (2) Misrepresents Mr. Craig as being anxious to separate the "arts" (whatever this pale-faced nonsense may mean). In one respect, at least, Wagner, Max Reinhardt, and Mr. Craig are on common ground. They seek the same thing—namely, the highest or creative dramatic effect upon the spectator. The effect which stirs the inner consciousness of the spectator and impels him to realise instinctively that creative activity which resides in and is potential in every human being. Both assume that everyone in the theatre has a common sensation, the sensation produced upon all the senses by the Drama-vibrations. These vibrations operate upon every part of the whole man, and not upon one or two sense areas, as is commonly supposed. Both feel, too, that the highest dramatic effect is to be sought only in one direction—namely, through unity and the utmost efficiency of all parts of the instruments for producing the effect. But apparently neither of them has formulated a definite theoretic basis upon which this highly sensitised instrument of transmission may be constructed. It seems, indeed, as though all three are only aware of a stage in the construction of the instrument. As a rough illustration of what I mean let me take the facts of the construction of a motor-car. A motor-car is mainly constructed for the purpose of transit. Its essentials are (a) motor-spirit or potential energy (which, let me say, represents Drama); (b) an engine for converting the spirit into work or achievement (the author); (c) a gearbox which changes the energy from the engine to suit the requirements of the final effect (theatre and producing staff). Now, I would say that Wagner, Max Reinhardt, and Mr. Craig are at the gear-box stage. We know that they understand and work according to the principles of the gear-box. But there is no evidence to show that, if they have postulated a fundamental motion (called Drama), they have thence deduced a law of the cumulative growth of all the facts of representation and interpretation till the ultimate effect is reached. In fact, there is nothing to show that they have first considered the origin and nature of the first thing in the order of dramatic sequence—that which sets up the first movement in the conscious entity, and which ultimately produces the creative dramatic effect—and thereafter set to work to trace its continuous function and the connection between all the instruments of transmission. In fact, neither of them has thoroughly reconstructed the science of the theatre (as an essential part of the Drama-flow) from beginning to end. The first man who gives this mathematical description of the theatre, who takes adequate measures to ascertain and regulate the sequence of events in the propagation of Drama-vibrations, will invent a new way of thinking about the theatre, as Galileo did about dynamics. He will reveal not only that all things in the theatre are interconnected, but are based on a few simple, fundamental laws that can be comprehended by all men. I have had the task in mind for years, and now that I am returning to robust health, I think I will undertake it. To sum up Mr. Craig's position. He seeks a creative dramatic effect. He supposes the existence of a fundamental something (which I will call Drama) for producing this effect. He is aware of a world (which I will call the Theatre) of the external manifestation of this something. He believes that all the parts of this world should be not only highly efficient but connected. He is experimenting with what he believes to be the connecting links. According as each author (dead or living) hands him Drama-vibrations (in the form of a play) he divides them up into three parts, consisting of Sound, Motion, and Colour, answering to the three senses of the spectator—namely, hearing, touch, and sight. Doubtless he hopes thereby to saturate the whole of the spectator with the vibrative flow and achieve his creative dramatic effect. But is the effect complete? Apparently not, for two currents of the flow—those operating on taste and smell, have been eliminated. In the Church performance of one of the highest forms of Drama, the Mass, all the senses are operated upon. In any case, Mr. Craig makes for unity, not separation. In his final dozen lines or so Mr. John Cournos flies in the face of my text, twists my meanings, confuses the relation between Blake and Mr. Craig, tells us that Max Reinhardt is a mystic because he has applied Wagner's mystic-form, and finally disappears down a "Well! well!" of his own contriving. Here for the present I will leave him, loudly proclaiming that of all silly fools Mr. Craig is the silliest. HUNTLY CARTER. EDITORIAL. Letters, etc., intended for the Editor should be addressed to Oakley House, Bloomsbury Street, London, W.C. PUBLICATION. All business communications relative to the publication of THE EGOIST should be addressed, and all cheques, postal and money orders, etc., made payable to THE NEW FREEWOMAN, LTD., Oakley House, Bloomsbury Street, London, W.C., and should be crossed "Parr's Bank, Bloomsbury Branch." Terms of Subscription.—Yearly, 13/- (U.S.A., 3 dollars 25 cents); Six Months, 6/6 (U.S.A., 1 dollar 63 cents); Three Months, 3/3 (U.S.A., 84 cents). Single Copies 7d., post free to any address in the Postal Union. ADVERTISEMENTS. All orders, letters, etc., concerning advertisements should be addressed to the Advertisement Manager, THE EGOIST, Oakley House, Bloomsbury Street, Loudon, W.C. All BACK NUMBERS of "THE EGOIST" and "THE NEW FREEWOMAN" can be obtained from the publishing office: Oakley House, Bloomsbury Street, London, W.C. Price 6d. each. By post, 6½d. Printed by PARTRIDGE and COOPER, LTD., Fleet Street. London, E.C., and published by the Proprietors, THE NEW FREEWOMAN, LTD., at Oakley House, Bloomsbury Street, London, W.C.