The Crisis Christmas, 1920 The Crisis ONE DOLLAR AND A HALF A YEAR FIFTEEN CENTS A COPY DO YOU KNOW that the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People sent James Wcldon Johnson, its Acting Secretary, to Haiti last spring to investigate and report on conditions there under American occupation— that his articles in The Nation and TH E CRISIS told for the first time of the murder, rapine and exploitation of the Haitians by Americans— that the shocking of the American nation and government into making an investigation which will lead to the eventual (and probably immediate) ending of the horrible regime in Haiti is directly due to the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People's expose— that the eyes of the civilized world have been directed to the treatment of colored people in Haiti and in America by the United States government? No one can tell what the final results will be. Certain it is that there will be immediate and far-reaching changes. That is what The NATIONAL ASSOCIATION for The ADVANCEMENT of COLORED PEOPLE can and will do with your support. Every new member, every new branch means greater power to light unceasingly for a square deal for colored people in America and elsewhere. ARE YOU A MEMBER? HAVE YOU A BRANCH IN YOUR CITY? If not, write today to The National Association for The Advancement of Colored People 70 Fifth Avenue, New York, N. Y. for information. National Officers Executive Officers President MARY WHITE OVINGTON MOORFIELD STOREY Chairman of the Beard Vice-Presidents JAMES WELD ON JOHNSON' ARCHIBALD H. GRIMKE Acting Secretary REV. JOHN 1IAYNES HOLMES WALTER F. WHITE Assistant Secretary BISHOP JOHN HURST J. E. SPINGARX ARTHUR "R. SPIXGARN Treasu ret OSWALT) GARRISON VILLARD DR. W. E. P,. DLI BOIS, Director of Publications and Research WILLIAM PICKENS. Associate Field Secretary THE CRISIS A RECORD OF THE DARKER RACES PUBLISHED MONTHLY AND COPYRIGHTED BY THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOB THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE, AT 70 FIFTH AVENUE. NEW YORK CITY. CON DUCTED BY W. E. BURGHARDT DU BOI8; JESSIE REDMON FAUSET, LITERARY EDITOR; AUGUSTUS GRANVILLE DILL, BUSINESS MANAGER. Vol. 21-No. 2 DECEMBER, 1920 Whole No. 122 PICTURES Page COVER. "DARK WOMANHOOD UNREDEEMED." After the painting by J. H. Caines. THE INTERNATIONAL COUNCIL OF WOMEN, NORWAY 59 RUINS OF CHRISTOPHE'S PALACE, HAITI 63 MEN OF THE MONTH 77 ARTICLES THE INTERNATIONAL COUNCIL OF WOMEN 57 MARCUS GARVEY. W. E. B. Du BoU 58 THE HOUSING CRISIS IN NEW YORK CITY. Victor R. Daly 61 THREE BOOKS 62 JOSEPH AND MARY COME TO BETHLEHEM. Translated from an old French chanson by Jessie Fauset. Decorated 72-73 THREE POEMS. Charles Bertram Johnson 75 DEPARTMENTS OPINION 53 NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE 65 THE LOOKING GLASS 69 MEN OF THE MONTH 75 THE HORIZON 78 THE JANUARY CRISIS The January CRISIS will conclude ihe article on Marcus Garvey. There will be an excellent short story and articles on community houses. Our 1921 Calendar cf Xegro authors is a remarkable document. FIFTEEN CENTS A COPY; ONE DOLLAR AND A HALF A YEAR FOREIGN SUBSCRIPTIONS TWENTY-FIVE CENTS EXTRA RENEWALS : The date of expiration of each subscription is printed on the wrapper. When the subscription is due, a blue renewal blank is enclosed. CHANGE OF ADDRESS: The address of a subscriber can be changed as often as desired. In ordering a change of address, both the old and the new address must be given. Two weeks' notice is required. MANUSCRIPT S and drawings relating to colored people are desired. They must be accompanied by return postage. If found unavailable they will be returned. Entered as second class matter November 2, 1910, at the post office at New York, New York, under the Act of March 3, 1879. So THE CRISIS ADVERTISER National Training School DURHAM, NORTH CAROLINA A School for the Training of Colored Young Men and Women for Service Though it is young in history, the Institution feels a just pride in the work thus far accomplished, for its graduates are already filling many responsible positions, thus demonstrating the aim of the school to train men and women for useful citizenship. DEPARTMENTS ALREADY ESTABLISHED The Grammar School The Teacher Training Department The Academy The Divinity School The School of Arts and Science* The Commercial Department The Department of Music The Department of Home Economics The Department of Social Service TERM OPENED SEPTEMBER 21, 1920 For farther information and Catalog, address President James E. Shepard, Durham, North Carolina STATE OF NEW JERSEY Lincoln University Ranked in Class 1 among colleges for colored students by the American Medical Association MANUAL TRAINING &amp; INDUSTRIAL SCHOOL College and Theological Seminary opened Sept. 21, 1920 FOR COLORED YOUTH BORDENTOWN, N. J. Address: President, John B. Rendall, D.D. A high institution for the training of colored youth. Excellent equipment, Lincoln University, thorough instruction, wholesome surChester County, Pa. roundings. Academic training for all students. Courses in carpentry, agriculture and The Cheyney Training School trades for boys, including auto refor Teachers pairing. Cheyney, Pa. Courses in domestic science and do Made in 1920 an accredited State Normal School, mestic art for girls. offering in addition to the regular Normal course A new trades building, thoroughly of two years professional three year courses in Home equipped. Economics and Manual Training. A diploma from any of these courses makes a graduate eligible to teach New girls' dormitory thoroughly and in^ the public schools of Pennsylvania. A three-year modernly equipped. High School Course is offered to all who have completed the eighth grammar grade. Terms reasonable. Board and Tuition $153.00 Fall term opened September, 1920. 1st Semester, September 13, 1920 For information address 2nd Semester, January 26, 1921 For further pailiculars and catalog, write— W. R. VALENTINE, Principal LESLIE PINCKNEY HILL, Principal, CHEYNEY, PA. Mention T HE CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Atlanta University Is beautifully located in the City of Atlanta, Ga. The courses of study include High School, Normal School mid College. Special emphasis, is laid upon the training of teachers. Students come from all parts of the South. Graduates have a fine record for successful work. For further information address President Edward T. Ware Atlanta* Ga. ^liJttllllUJUllUIIIUJJUtlllUitlOlllla^UJUIUllJJIIIIllllJUIIIUJIIJiUILIIiUUIIJIJiLlllllitMllllllIllllllJilUliailllJItttlJJJTn^ I KNOXVILLE COLLEGE I Beautiful Situation. Healthful Location. Best Moral and Spiritual Environment. Splendid Intellectual Atmosphere. Noted tor Honest and Thorough Work. Institution offers full courses in the following departments: College, Normal, High School, Grammar School, Domestic Science, Nurse Training and Industrial. Good water, steam heat, electric lights, natural drainage, splendid dormitories, Expenses very reasonable. Began September IS, 1920. For catalog and other information address § PRESIDENT J. KELLY GIFFEN KnoulUe, Tenn. 1 iiTTTiruijiiiiimiiiiiiiimfriTniiniiiniHiiFiiiiiFniirmimttnnuTiiiiiiiirniii 1870 CLARK UNIVERSITY 1920 ATLANTA, GEORGIA Over 100 acres of beautiful campus. Twelve buildings with new $100,000 administration building with modem chapel and gymnasium under construction. Strong faculty—Religious atmosphere—Athletics—Co-educational. Admission only by application. RE-ARRANGED COURSES OF STUDY Junior High School—7th and 8th Grades and 1st and 2nd Year^' High School Courses, with Certificate. Junior College—3rd and 4th Year High School with •	 Freshman and Sophomore years of College work, with Diploma. College—Four years above High School, or two years above Junior College Course, with degree of A.B. Domestic Science—Commerce—Normal— Pre-medical Course 51st year nf nine months opened September 22. 1920. $16.00 per month pays tuition, board, room and laundry. HARRY ANDREWS KING, President &amp;fjt Jflortba Agricultural anb ifflecfjamcal College Offers courses leading to certificates, diplomas and degrees. Nathan B. Young, President Tallahassee, Florida STATE UNIVERSITY, Louisville, Ky. Founded 1879. The only Institution In the State baring for Its object Collegiate. Ministerial. Medical, and Legal training for Colored citizens In Kentucky. Special training In Insurance, Social Service, Nursing and Hospital Work. , Normal, Commercial, Music, Domestic Science, Missionary training class. Evening classes, correspondence course. Degrees offered. President C. H . Parrish MOREHOUSE COLLEGE (Formerly Atlanta Baptist College) ATLANTA, GA College, Academy, Divinity School An institution famous within recent years for its emphasis on all sides of manly development—the only institution in the far South devoted solely to the education of Negro young men. Graduates given high ranking by greatest northern universities. Debating, Y. M. C. A., athletics, all live features. For information, address JOHN HOPE, President. FISK UNIVERSITY NASHVILLE, TENN. Founded 1866 Thorough Literary, Scientific, Educational, Musical and Social Science Courses. Pioneer in Negro music. Special study in Negro life. Ideal and sanitary buildings and grounds. Well-equipped Science building. Christian home life. High standard of independent manhood and womanhood. For literature, etc., write FAYETTE AVERY McKENZIE, President BIDDLE UNIVERSITY CHARLOTTE. N. C. Blddle University, ei-eratrii index the sasslces or the Northern Presbyterian Church, has (our Department*—High School, Arts ud Sciences Theological and Industrial, The completion of a Grammar School course is the requirement, for entrance to the first Tear of the High School. The School of Arts and Sciences offer* two courses uf study, the Classical and the Scientific m the scientific, German )• substituted for Greek or Latin. The entrance requirement for the Freshman Claes 1* 16 units of High School work. The Theological Department offers two courses, each consisting of three years. The first is purely Cngllsh. Greek and Hebrew are taught In the others. All students In the High School Dept. axe reqmlretl tu take trades In the Industrial Dept. Fsr further information, tddrttt President H. L. MtCreray, Charlotte, N. C. Morris Brown University Atlanta. Ga. Co-Educational The largest institution of learning in the South owned and controlled by Negroes. Faculty of specialists, trained in some of the best universities in the North and in the South. Noted for high standard of scholarship; industrial emphasis and positive Christian influence. Well equipped dormitories; sane athletics under faculty supervision. Expenses reasonable. Location central and healthful. Departments: Theology, College, High School, Normal, Commercial, Musical, Domestic Science, Sewing, Printing and Tailoring. First Semester began September, 1920. For further information address JOHN H. LEWIS, President BISHOP J. S. FLIPPER, Chairman Trustee Board. Mention THE CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Wiley University Marshall, Texas Recognized as a college of first class by Texas, Louisiana, Arkansas and Oklahoma State Boards of Education. Harvard, Boston University, University of Illinois and University of Chicago represented or. its faculty. One hundred twenty-seven in College Department, session 1919-1920. Several new buildings, steam heated and electric lighted. M. W. DOGAN, President COLEMAN COLLEGE GIBSLAND, LA. Supported by Baptist State Woman'! Home Mission Society of Chicago and Boston and A. B. H. Society of New York. Students from six different states. Graduates exempted on first grade by Louisiana, Arkansas and Oklahoma. O. L. COLEMAN, President ST. MARY'S SCHOOL An Episcopal boarding school for girls, nnder the direction of the sisters of St. Mary. Address: THE SISTER-IN-CHAEGE. 6138 Gerraantown Avenue, Philadelphia. Pa. Both of Us Lose, Young Man If you fail to study the superior advantages North Carolina offers you through The Agricultural and Technical College for securing good, practical and technical training. Four Strong Departments: Agricultural Academic Mechanical Teacher-Training Night School for those who desire to work in the day. Fall Term began, September 1,1920 Address: JAS. B. DUDLEY, President A.	 &amp;T . College Greensboro, N. C. Talladega College Talladega, Alabama Founded in 1867 for the Education of Negro Leaders Beautiful and Healthful Location. Literary, Scientific, Educational, Social Service, Theological, Musical, Business Administration, Journalism, Nurse Training Courses. High Standards of Christian Manhood and Womanhood. For	 further information address F. A. SUMNER, President MUSIC TEACHER WANTED— A well trained and experienced teacher of pianoforte and voice for a Christian school. Must be devoted to her work and a good example for young women. Address—SECONDARY SCHOOL, c/o THE CRISIS. Couple would like to adopt a baby girl 14 to 16 months old. Write Box 194, Ridgewood, N. J. The Lincoln Hospital and Home TRAINING SCHOOL FOR NURSES in the city of New York offers to young colored women a three years' course of instruction in nursing. Capacity of hospital—420 beds. Post Graduate Course of six months to graduates of accredited schools. For	 information apply to: Superintendent of Nurses Lincoln Hospital and Home New York, N.Y. HALE INFIRMARY AND NURSE TRAINING SCHOOL, 325 Lake Street, Montgomery, Ala. Offers to High School graduates and young women of higher education and good moral character, between the ages of 18 and 35, a three years' course in the profession of nursing. For further information apply to the Superintendent enclosing a stamp. Special CRISIS Offer Five paid-up yearly subscriptions to tlie CRISI S sent in at one time will entitle the sender to a year's subscription tree. This offer holds good until midnight of December 31, 1920. Mention Tn E CRISIS. THE CRISIS Vol. 21. No. 2 DECEMBER, 1920 Whole No. 122 Opinionof W. E. B. Dubois PONTIUS PILATE PONTIUS PILATE, Federal Governor of Mississippi, sat in the Judgment seat at Jackson. Before him stretched a table of shining gold and the morning sun sang through the eastern windows. It lighted the faces of the Chief Priest and the Elders as they bent eagerly toward him, and twisted itching hands. He was lingering a pile of silver money which seemed to have been tossed or thrown upon the table before him. "This-er-Iscariot fellow," he began in a low, inquiring voice, while his eyes sought the haunting shadows of the long, crimson curtains at his back. A bishop interrupted him: a tall and mighty bishop cassocked, ringed, and jewelled: "Just a case of uneasy conscience —a worthless fellow—we shall give this to foreign missions, shall we not, and seek Souls for the Kingdom?" And he gathered up and counted out thirty pieces— "and now to the main matter." "I don't see how I can pardon this Barabbas," said the Governor,— speaking with sudden vehemence. "He is a criminal and a drunkard— he has killed men before and—" "Now, now, Governor!" interrupted the Judge, "Jack Barabbas is not so bad—quarrelsome, to be sure, when in liquor, and quick to defend his honor as every white man should be. Moreover—hark f" Something floated in by the window. It was a low, but monstrous sound and in it lay anger and blood. "See, Governor? Hear that? The Saturday crowds are in town and Jack is a prime favorite—you know they're none too well disposed toward you and the Government since this new usurpation of federal power." "That's just it," answered the Governor angrily, straightening in his chair and flashing challenging glances right and left: "Lawlessness has brought Mississippi to this pass and yet you want me not only to pardon a notorious criminal, but also to condemn an innocent man." "Innocent?" cried several voices, but the great voice of the Bishop out-drowned them all. "You do not understand," he said ominously, thrusting forward his great bulk and towering over the nervous frame of the Governor. The Governor stiffened but did not quail. "You are northern born—you live far from our problem—our fearful Problem. Remember, Sir, in Mississippi there is one Crime of Crimes, one beside which all crimes fade to innocence—Murder, Arson, Rape, Theft— all are nothing beside the crime of Race Equality. Sir, this man, whom we have brought before you, not only preaches openly the equality of all men, but (and the Bishop shuddered) practices it!" And then the flying words of all the eager, angry councilors raised and swept across the golden board and up the crimson curtains and down the open, sun-flushed windows: "Do you know what he wants?"— "He wants equality for Everybody— everybody, mind you"—"Turks, Jews, Niggers, Dagoes, Chinks, Japs"— 53 THE CRISIS "everybody"—"talking, sleeping, kissing, marrying"—"the damned scoundrel !"—"and do you know why he wants it?"—"He's nothing but a—" —"He's a Bolshevist—a Red Revolutionist"—"He is going to overthrow all government—" And then in a shriek—"He claims to be God and King." Slowly, Pilate arose. "Bring him in," he said. They swung the crimson curtains back and there in the shadows stood the Christ. Pontius Pilate shuddered. "Art thou King?" he whispered. And the answer came calm and clear, "Yes!" The cry of the mob below shivered to a shriek, while the Chief Priest and the Elders stood in a silence that was ominous. Pilate turned. "I find no fault in this man," he said doggedly, as his hands trembled. "He blasphemed against the White Race," hissed the Bishop. But Pilate continued: "You have brought this man before me as a dangerous agitator. I have examined him before you and have found no fault in him. I will therefore fine him and let him go." But the council cried in one voice. "Away with Christ—and pardon Barabbas!" "I'll pardon Barabbas if you insist —but Christ—" Again the groan of the mob rose and flooded in at the window, breaking the sunshine. Pilate stirred uneasily—"I won't punish him," he said testily. "I know no law." "Sir, we know our unwritten law. The crowd below—" "I'll have no violence," cried Pilate. "It was just this lynching business that led the federal government to interfere in Mississippi—" • "Your Excellency, consider a moment," interrupted the States Attorney. "You incur no responsibility. You simply deliver this man into our hands; and by your pardon of Barabbas the crowd will be mollified and—" "And what?" asked the Governor. "Well, there will be less likelihood of violence." Pilate arose agitated. "I'll have nothing to do with it," he said. "I wash my hands of the whole thing." The councilors bowed and turned to the door. The shout of the mob rose and rent the courtyard and the sunlight died: —Lynch him! Lynch th e damned—! For a moment Pilate hesitated with clenched hands and riven face. Then slowly he left the chamber. It was late afternoon and Pilate stood in the clean, cool bathroom, washing his hands. His wife hurried in. "Pontius," she said hesitatingly, "have nothing to do with that just man—for I have suffered—" "There, there! It's all right," he said, chucking her under the chin. "Don't meddle in politics." They both started, for they heard the mad music of myriad feet, the laughter, screaming and cursing of men, and the shrill babble of women's voices; and then over the height of the hills rolled the far-off echo of that world-worn cry: "My God, my God! Why has Thou forsaken me!" THE UNREAL CAMPAIGN - NEVER have the American people endured such a Presidential campaign. It is true that in no campaign are the great issues always distinct and clear and the alignments definite and understandable. But surely in no campaign ha? there ever been such a lack of ali iment and such deliberate smear-f e of issues. One may, as one is constituted, regard voting as a test of conscience and principle or as a practical make-shift. In the first, the land may easily go to the dogs while the Dreamer walks his high and isolated OPINION path. In the other case, we may too easily forget our dreams. But both sorts of Voters on No vember 2, 1920, were in maddening puzzlement. The League of Nations? There was no real difference between the parties; between Johnson and Wilson there was a world of argu ment ; but Taft and Holt, Hoover and Cox? It was all a matter of punctua tion and style. No man then could vote either the Republican or the Demo cratic ticket because he favored or op posed the League. And outside the League, What? Imperialism, labor and wage, the power of capital, the mar keting of farm products, the building of homes, the training of children, the ownership of land, the freedom of suffrage—in these and all else the ma jor parties were mere fog or reaction. Indeed the only real, stinging, fighting questions in the whole campaign were President Wilson and the Negro. The Family Tree The allegation was that the Presi dent-elect had a black man some where among his remote ancestors. Can you conceive how real a fury this query roused? How else could it be with our deliberate cultivation of race hate and with Pat Harrison of Mis sissippi heading one of the Speakers' Bureaus ? Suppose President Harding is colored—What of it? He would be but one of hundreds of distinguished Americans who served their country well from the day of Alexander Hamilton to that of Lew Wallace. Nefertari and Amenhotep, Candace and Terence, Askia and Tamuramaro, Browning and Lafcadio Hearn—how many of the world's heroes have shared the black blood of Africa! It is an ancient and noble lineage; as high and deserving as that of any race on earth, until Ethiopia was raped and murdered and despoiled by Europe. God knows that all of us— black, white, red and yellow, are low enough in ancestry and service, but "Pure White America" excels most lands in being able to boast an ancestry which includes.far more jails, asylums and gutters and far fewer palaces than most nations. Is this her shame or glory? And which was worse: the shrieking whispers of the Democrats, or the vociferous denials of the Republicans of the taint! Taint, forsooth! what could taint America? Ohio, once the home of freedom, led in Anti-Negro propaganda, egged on by Cox and the new white southern immigration. "Timely warnings" to white folk were distributed by the hundred thousand declaring, "Ohioans should remember that the time has come when we must handle this problem in somewhat the same way as the South is handling it!" As a result many of the colored candidates for the legislature were defeated, but more were elected than ever before and many friends like Governor Davis, formerly Mayor of Cleveland, triumphed. Third Parties The third parties have made a singularly spiritless campaign. As residual legatees of all protest and unrest they did almost nothing to answer the searching query of desperate strivers for light. Not the ultimate dogma of Marxian socialism or the undigested hodge-podge of Farmer-Laborers sufficed. Men asked and were not answered: What is the next step and how does it lead to a definite, clearmarked way? The great mass of laboring people, the thrifty, hardworking farmers and small capitalists, lacked dismally here that leadership which through the great Labor party of England and the right wing Socialists of Italy are hewing, waveringly but stubbornly, a real path, leaving on the one side intransigeant communism and on the other, organized and reactionary theft. Not so America. We, the burden-bearers, could not even agree to disagree and delivered the masses bound into the THE CRISIS hands of the Phillistines. And the' Black Man. He had no chance. He was less than free and more than a slave. He was a machine —an automatic registration mark for the Republican party. He could not be otherwise. From the day Woodrow Wilson shamelessly betrayed his black supporters of 1912 to the day when the flippant Cox of Ohio built his Ohio campaign on the cheapest brand of "nigger"-hatred, the black American had but one political choice or mission: to defeat the South-ridden Democratic party. He could not even think of taking an off-shot at the Millenium by voting Socialist or Farmer Labor—he must defeat the Democrats. And he did his bit. And so the great farce ends. The People have spoken—and said nothing. THE A. M. E. CHURCH 0 0 little has been said of the extraordinary accomplish ment of the Department of Finance of the A. M. E. Church during the last quadrennium. For the first time in the history of the church there has been collected in "dollar money" over a million dollars during a quadrennium. The Financial Secretary who accomplished this is John Russell Hawkins, of North Carolina. The "dollar money" is a sort of federal tax upon individual members for the support of the general connection and its increase since its entablishment has been as follows: 1S72—1870 $95,554 1S9G—1900 $400,074 1876—1880 99.925 1900-190 1 703.411 1880—^1884 1G9.3S9 1904—190S.' 605,494 1884—1SSS 199,514 190S—1912 790,OSS 1888—1S92 313.341 1912—1910 S50.211 1892—1896 351.912 1910—1920 1,033.079 Thus from 1872-1920 the church has collected $5,758,625 for general expenses, not including money raised for local purposes, salaries for presiding elders and pastors and special monies raised for mission work, church extension and in education rallies. This is a record of which any organization should be proud. AND NOW LIBERIA HE Wilson Plan of assisting Liberia has been finally re vealed in detail. Its terms, which include a loan of five million dollars, are found to be disastrously rigid. Worley, a white Virginian, as General Receiver, is the one prominent figure and would be the real ruler of Liberia under this plan, together with his band of white pensioners. He and our Secretary of Legation, Bundy, sought to force the plan through, but President King called an extra session of the Legislature to consider amendments. While the Legislature was in session a cablegram was received from the United States, saying that no amendments to the Plan would be accepted and that the Plan must be signed as submitted by them, "or the friendly interest which has heretofore existed would become lessened." The Liberians, however, refused to be frightened and are preparing to eend another commission to America, now that the election is over, to discuss some reasonable changes in the proposed financial arrangements. COOPERATION HE second annual coopera tive convention met in Cin cinnati, November 11-14; the "All American Farmer Labor Cooperative Commission" has been organized with headquarters in Washington, D. C, and Frederic C. Howe is executive secretary; in New York the Socialist Rand School is giving courses on cooperation and answering questions by correspondence. Thus the movement grows. Shall American Negroes lag behind! INTERNATIONAL COUNCIL MC SWINEY HE veriest coward may die for a cause in the frenzy ot battle with court martial and disgrace behind him and naming medals in front. A brave man may rush to his death at sudden call in time of peace. But the bravest of the brave is he who without hurt or hate simply lies still and for the sake of Right dies by inches through endless days. No cause with such martyrs can ever die. MARTYRS HREE years ago December 11, at 7:17 in the morning, thirteen American Negro soldiers were murdered on the scaffold by the American government to satisfy the bloodlust of Texas on account of the Houston riot. This was bad enough; but in addition to this there are today languishing in the United States Penitentiary at Leavenworth, Kan., 56 colored men sentenced to life imprisonment and 5 men sentenced to imprisonment for 15 years, all for the same alleged offence. This shameful injustice is a trumpet call to every American Negro and we should never rest until these men are pardoned and freed,— "Lord, these are Thine who pay the price For what a freeman's soul is worth,— Whose madness is their sacrifice That what they love may live on earth! Lord these are Thine!" THE INTERNATIONAL COUNCIL OF WOMEN The International Council of Women meets every five years. This year it met in Christiania, Norway, and for the first time had an accredited Negro delegate, Mrs. Mary B. Talbert of Buffalo N. Y., and her alternate, Dr. Mary F. Waring of Chicago. The race has been represented unofficially twice before,—by Miss Hallie Q. Brown who addressed the London meeting in 1899 and by Mrs. Mary Church Terrell who spoke at the Berlin meeting in 1904. The delegates, including Mrs. Talbert and her daughter and Dr. Waring, traveled in a party via Italy, Switzerland, France, Belgium, Denmark, Norway and Scotland. There were five southern-born white women in the party: Mrs. Alexander Watkins of Miuter City, Miss.; Mrs. James Riley of Charlotte, N. C , former vice-president of the L'eneral Federation of Women's Clubs; Mrs. O. J. Chandler of Harrodsburg, Ky.; Mrs. Heisey of Great Falls, Mont.; and Mrs. Marsh of Wyoming. These women together with Mrs. Howard Gould during the whole 78 days of the journey made the life of the. colored delegates as uncomfortable as possible. Mrs. Gould began the campaign on shipboard by repeating in a loud voice various tales of the systematic importation of southern colored women into the North for voting purposes. Repeated efforts were made to segregate the colored women in Italy and Switzerland. At the American Y. W. C. A. in Paris, where the party arrived late in the morning after an all night ride, all the white delegates were welcomed and accommodated while the colored delegates were even refused breakfast. At Antwerp, Mrs. Riley went to the proprietor of the hotel and demanded segregation of the colored guests, which he refused. Mrs. Watkins left the party at Brussels to avoid further contact. , In Birmingham, England, at the Queen's Hotel, Mrs. Heisey and Mrs. Riley refused seats at the table where Mrs. Talbert and her daughter were sitting and left the dining-room. At Copenhagen, Denmark, they were entertained at the American Consul. -Mrs. Gould, Mrs. Chandler and Mrs. Marsh, of Wyoming, refused to attend because the colored women were there. At the meeting of the council the colored women received every courtesy from the foreign delegates and from the American officials, Mrs. Phillip North Moore and Mrs. Joseph C. Merriman. During this time Mrs. Talbert published four articles on our race THE CRISIS problem in two leading Christiania papers. On the return there were several social functions of such importance that the Southerners were compelled to endure in silence the presence of the colored delegates. For instance, all the delegates were entertained by the King and Queen of Norway. All the Southerners were present. Lady Aberdeen, president of the Council, entertained the delegates and alternates at breakfast. Mrs. Riley was placed opposite Dr. Waring and did not leave the table. At Hadow House, Aberdeen, Scotland, on the way back, Lady Aberdeen entertained _ the whole American party. At her request Mrs. Talbert sat at her right and the representative of the Jewish women, Mrs. Nathan Harris, at her left. All the Southerners were present. Mrs. Riley sat at the right of Lord Aberdeen and Mrs. Merriman. conductor of the party, on the left. They were entertained at Edinburgh, Scotland, by the Common Council. All were present. And so the eventful journey ended with the colored women quietly and with dignity standing at their guns and the southern white women furious at the "social equality!" MARCUS GARVEY W. E. B. Du Bois MARCUS GARVEY was born at St. Ann's Bay, Jamaica, about 1885. He was educated at the public school and then for a short time attended the Church of England Grammar School, although he was a Roman Catholic by religion. On leaving school he learned the printing trade and followed it for many years. In Costa Rica he was associated with Marclam Taylor in publishing the Blue field's Messenger. Later he was on the staff of La Nation. He then returned to Jamaica and worked as a printer, being foreman of the printing department of P. Benjamin's Manufacturing Company of Kingston. Later he visited Europe and spent some time in England and France and while abroad conceived his scheme of organizing the Negro Improvement Society. This society was launched August 1, 1914. in Jamaica, with these general objects among others: "To establish a Universal Confraternity among the race"; "to promote the spirit of race pride and love"; "to administer to and assist the needy"; "to strengthen the imperialism of independent African States"; "to conduct a world-wide commercial and industrial intercourse". His first practical object was to be the establishment of a farm school. Meetings were held and the Roman Catholic Bishop, the Mayor of Kingston, and many others addressed them. Nevertheless the project did not succeed and Mr. Garvey was soon in financial difficulties. He therefore practically abandoned the Jamaica field and came to the United States. In the United States his movement for many years languished until at last with the increased migration from the West Indies during the war he succeeded in establishing a strong nucleus in the Harlem district of New York City. His program now enlarged and changed somewhat in emphasis. He began especially to emphasize the commercial development of the Negroes and as an islander familiar with the necessities of ship traffic he planned the "Black Star Line". The public for a long time regarded this as simply a scheme of exploitation, when they were startled by hearing that Garvey had bought a ship. This boat was a former coasting vessel, 32 years old, but it was put into commission with a black crew and a black captain and was announced as the first of a fleet of vessels which would trade between the colored peoples of America, the West Indies and Africa. With this beginning, the popularity and reputation of Mr. Garvey and his association increased quickly. In addition to the Yarmouth he is said to have purchased two small boats, the Shady-side, a small excursion steamer which made daily excursions up the Hudson, and a yacht which was designed to cruise among the West Indies and collect cargo in some central spot for the Yarmouth. He had first announced the Black Star Line as a Five Million Dollar corporation, but in February, 1920, he announced that it was going to be a Ten Million Dollar corporation with shares selling at Five Dollars. To this he added in a few months the Negro Factories Corporation capitalized at One Million Dollars with two hundred thousand one dollar PAKTIAL VIEW OF A SESSION OF THE INTERNATIONAL COUNCIL OF WOMEN, CHRIST1ANIA, NORWAY; LADY ABERDEEN PRESIDING. (The arrow showB Mrs. Talbert.) 59 6o THE CRISIS shares, and finally he announced the subscription of Five Million Dollars to free Liberia and Haiti from debt. Early in 1920 he called a convention of Negroes to meet in New York City from the 1st to the 31st of August, "to outline a constructive plan and program for the uplifting of the Negroes and the redemption of Africa". He also took title to three apartment houses to be used as offices and purchased the foundation of an unfinished Baptist church which he covered over and used for meetings, calling it "Liberty Hall". In August, 1920, his convention met with representatives from various parts of the United States, several of the West India Islands and the Canal Zone and a few from Africa. The convention carried out its plan of a month's meetings and culminated with a mass meeting which filled Madison Square Garden. Finally the convention adopted a "Declaration of Independence" with 66 articles, a universal anthem and colors,—red, black and green—and elected Mr. Garvey as "His Excellency, the Provisional President of Africa", together with a number of various other leaders from the various parts of the Negro world. This in brief is the history of the Garvey movement. The question comes (1) Is it an honest, sincere movement? (2) Are its industrial and commercial projects business like and effective? (3) Are its general objects plausible and capable of being carried out? The central and dynamic force of the movement is Garvey. He has with singular success capitalized and made vocal the great and long suffering grievances and spirit of protest among the West Indian peasantry. Hitherto the black peasantry of the West Indies has been almost leaderless. Its na tural leaders, both mulatto and black, have crossed the color line and practically ob literated social distinction, and to some ex tent economic distinction, between them and' the white English world on the Islands. This has left a peasantry with only the rudi ments of education and with almost no economic chances, grovelling at the bottom. Their distress and needs gave Garvey his vision. It is a little difficult to characterize the man Garvey. He has been charged with dishonesty and graft, but he seems to me essentially an honest and sincere man with a tremendous vision, great dynamic force, stubborn determination and unselfish desire to serve; but also he has very serious defects of temperament and training: he is dictatorial, domineering', '"Sordinately vain and very suspicious. He cannot get on with his fellow-workers. His entourage has continually changed.1 He has had endless law suits and some cases of fisticuffs with his subordinates and has even divorced the young wife whom he married with great fanfare of trumpets about a year ago. All these things militate against him and his reputation. Nevertheless I have not found the slightest proof that his objects were not sincere or that he was consciously diverting money to his own uses. The great difficulty with him is that he has absolutely no business sense, no flair for real organization and his general objects are so shot through with bombast and exaggeration that it is difficult to pin them down for careful examination. On the other hand, Garvey is an extraordinary leader of men. Thousands of people believe in him. He is able to stir them with singular eloquence and the general run of his thought is of a high plane. He has become to thousands of people a sort of religion. He allows and encourages all sorts of personal adulation, even printing in his paper the addresses of some of the delegates who hailed him as "His Majesty". He dons on state occasion, a costume consisting of an academic cap and gown flounced in red and green! Of Garvey's curious credulity and suspicions one example will suffice: In March,1919, he held a large mass meeting at Palace Casino which was presided ever by Chandler Owen and addressed by himself ?nd Phillip Randolph. Here he collected $204 in contributions on the plea that while in France, W. E. B. DuBois had interfered with the work of his "High Commissioner" by "defeating" his articles in the French press and "repudiating" his statements as to lynching and injustice in America! The truth was that Mr. DuBois never saw or heard of his "High Commissioner", never denied his nor anyone's statements of the wretched American conditions, did everything possible to arouse rather than quiet the French press and would have been delighted to welcome and co-operate with any colored fellow-worker. 1 Of the 15 names of his fellow officers in 1914 not a single one appears in 1918; of the 18 names of officers published in 1918 only 6 survive in 1919; among the small list of principal officers published in 1920 I do not find a single name mentioned in 1919. (To be concluded in January) THE HOUSING CRISIS IN NEW YORK CITY VICTOR R. DALY MUC H has been said of late concerning the acute shortage of dwelling houses in New York City. A great deal of time and space has been devoted to elaborating on the resultant suffering and privation that always follow in the wake of a shortage of any commodity. The Metropolitan press, welfare organizations, housing commissions, reconstruction committees and scores of like agencies, however, have been so taken up with the problems of white people that very little time has been found to devote to housing relief among Negroes. As is usually the case, then, unless the Negro himself takes the initiative and attempts to work out his own salvation by bringing his case to the direct attention of those who are in position to help him, he will find himself suffering from housing troubles long after the ills of others have been cured. In a recent survey of the housing conditions in the Negro section of Harlem, the New York Urban League has disclosed some facts that have provoked a great deal of attention to the question of Negro housing in the city. This survey shows that a housing situation exists in upper Harlem which is a menace not only to the lives and health of the people who reside in that particular section, but to the entire city of New York. The harder this fact can be driven home to the "powers that be," the quicker will be the relief extended to this community. The simple fact that the Negro cannot live anywhere that he may desire, by virtue of the policy of segregation, places his housing problem in a class by itself. As a result of segregation, there is an artificial restriction of the already too limited supply of dwelling houses. This accounts for the fact that Negroes are paying comparatively higher rents than other racial groups in New York City. The present average monthly rentals for the most modern apartments is about $12.50 per room. Even in the oldest cold-water flats in the most congested parts of Harlem the rentals average $9.50 per room. The population of Harlem has increased approximately from 55,000 in 1913 to 150,000 today. During this time the actual housing facilities, although they have extended greatly, have by no means kept pace with the tremendous growth of the population, especially during the period following the war. So great is the congestion that 5,000 new-law apartment houses could be utilized tomorrow if they were available. A few specific cases will serve to show to what extent consideration of health and sanitation has been discarded in the mad search after shelter. In one instance we found a family of five, including three children, 5, 3 and 2 years old, occupying one room of a five-room flat in which there were altogether 16 people living. On an average, there are 14 families living in every 8 family apartment house, and 17 NEGRO POPULATION (AUG-^1913) . 58 NEGRO POPULATION INCREASE..(AUG.I9I3 -to 1 AUG ipao) XSd MIXED POPULATION C ± WHITE POPULATION -	3 VACANT LOTS E^l FACTORIES gncf WAREHOUSES. — r-»oc[HtfsLQKOl • 0EE0 LHtyH] •ED DEO DED ]'D=D 033 LED DISTRIBUTION oP NEGRO POPULATION o/&gt; HARLEM 6l THE CRISIS families occupying 10 family houses. In one extreme case we found 33 families occupying a 16 family house. With conditions like these it is no wonder that such trivial questions as health, sanitation and morals have long since been thrown to the winds. We found that the infant mortality among Negro babies is three times that of any other section of the city. As we expected, the spread of contagious diseases has steadily increased; 16 per cent of Negro deaths in 1914 were from tuberculosis, while in 1919 tuberculosis accounted for 22 per cent of Negro deaths. Every week 13 Negroes die in New York City of tuberculosis. It is claimed that the solution of the general housing problem in New York City lies in the building of new houses. "Stimulate building!" is the cry of the hour. As far as Harlem is concerned this program offers small chance of direct relief unless municipal housing is adopted. Present day costs of building and construction, coupled with the scarcity of credit and mortgages, prevent Negroes themselves from erecting dwelling houses for their own use. Unfortunately, white investors have become imbued with the erroneous idea that apartment house construction for Negroes is an unprofitable business. Consequently the hope of relief by the method of new building by private capital is out of the question. For a generation Negroes have been living on the left-over housing of white tenants who have moved into other districts. If any immediate help is to come to Harlem it will have to be in this same manner. When houses can be secured for the white families now Jiving on the outskirts of the colored section, these families will move away. The landlord, confronted with the problem of keeping his apartments occupied, will be glad to welcome colored tenancy. Within the past 18 months Negroes have been investing heavily in real property in Harlem. Scores of apartment houses occupied by white families have been purchased by colored investors who have been replacing the white tenants by colored people. The courts have generally assisted these new landlords. Of recent months such procedure has been absolutely the only relief to the overcrowded colored section. Now even this is stopped. The recent anti-landlord legislation just passed by the Legislature of the State will react, unconsciously, to the detriment of the colored people. At present everybody is rejoicing over the fact that the new law makes it impossible for the landlord to dispossess a tenant except for one of the three following reasons: (1) actual non-payment of rent, (2) personal use of the premises for the landlord, (3) demolition of the building. Under these restrictions, how could a colored investor be able to get white families out of a house that he desires to use for colored tenants? Only by the personal volition of the white tenants themselves. . This is not likely. Consequently there is scant hope for any immediate relief of the housing congestion in Harlem. The intent of the law was good, doubtless, but for the Negro, it closed the only open door of relief. THREE BOOKS The Negro Faces America. By Herbert J. Seligmann. Harper and Brothers, New York. Rachel. By Angelina W. Grimke. The Cornhill Company, Boston. Children of the Mist. By George Madden Martin. D. Appleton and Company, New York. problem in the United States. There are a thousand problems with which race is more or less connected, frequently deliberately connected for an ulterior motive, in the absence of organic connection between race distinctions and the subject at issue." With this statement as his thesis Mr. Seligmann proceeds to point the connection between economic considerations and race relations which has prevailed in this counA FIRST step in an attempt upon the try ever since the Civil War. Just before *• hates, distrusts and preconceptions the Chicago race riot, for instance, a clash clustered about race is to separate and exarose between the interests of two real amine them. There is, in fact, no race KUINS OF CHRISTOPHE'S PALACE, SANS SOUCI, HAITI 64 THE CRISIS estate factions rather than between the two races. In the actual riot, the causes lay (1) in the entrance of migrating southern Negroes into white residential districts; (2) in hostility between union whites and non-union Negroes in the stockyards; (3) in political enmity engendered by the fact that a certain city administration won its election through the Negro vote. A careful survey of conditions in other cities where riots occurred shows the same type of causes. Mr. Seligmann points out that liberty and life have to be fought for almost daily by every Negro,—"the patience and determination and courage which go into the struggle are values that no nation can afford to spurn." Miss Sarah N. Cleghorn has said something like this last, but Mr. Seligmann is alone, I believe, in defining the white Southerner's penchant for colored woman. He works it out on a Freudian basis which assumes "that the choice of the mate is influenced by the characters impressed upo.i the infant male as belonging to his mother." Many Southerners receive their first impressions from their colored nurses. The inference is obvious. We find here too an idea since carried out by Professor R. T. Kerlin—"A white American desirous of a critical insight into the society in which he flatters himself he lives could not do better than read carefully a number of race-conscious newspapers published for and by Negroes of the United States." There are many valuable suggestions for intensive study on the part of the white student of race issues. Thus the author finds what all Negroes know, that the South was the real victor in the Civil War, that the vote became a class distinction only when the Negro became a candidate for it, that no real scientific data can be deduced from the measurement of the intelligence of Negro and white school children until racial characters can be isolated from the effect of social environment and that colored Americans have at last learned the necessity for organization and self-defense. Altogether The Negro Faces America is a book showing thought and research and calling for still more thought and research. RACHEL is a play as terrible, as search ing and as strong as anything produced by the continental European dramatists,— including the Scandinavian. Indeed one must think of Ibsen, for the action progresses from one depth of sad dreariness to another. As a bit of writing, Miss Grimke has as usual turned cut a fine piece of work; as a bit of propaganda it leaves something to be desired. Undoubtedly a better effect would be gained by having the humiliation of the colored children acted rather than related. One lesson the play certainly teaches: Rachel, her mother and Tom have all let their troubles make them morbid, whereas John Strong is quite normal. Shall we not learn to look on color "as a state of mind" as Miss Ovington's Hertha puts it, —something mutable and transitory? FIGHT stories written simply and sympa thetically by George Madden Martin give a new concept of the Children of the Mist who live in Mississippi, Louisiana, Florida, the rice fields of the Carolinas and the backwoods of Kentucky. These are people emerging from the fogs of slavery and gazing through a glass darkly on a freedom promised, but as "yet denied". Mrs. Martin has let the characters in the main speak for themselves so the reader must be touched and thrilled and saddened according to his own dictates. "The Sleeping Sickness" is the best story of the group, though almost all are good. But in this one Mrs. Martin aside from using a plot unique and yet inevitable, lets fall one or two gems "It ain't de law foh my boy I'm afraid uv, Mr. Tom," Angey explained to the white man. "En' it ain't de thought uv de law whut is mekin' de boy look ez yo' kin see he duz. It's de fear uv de lack uv de laiv wi' both uv us." And later Angey, splendid soul, says to the white woman whose son she might have saved, "Lemme learn yo' some'n', Miss Janie. Wu'k foh de goodwill uv de colored folks in case de time come w'en yo' gwine ter need it; it ain't no harder wu'k dan wu'kin' for dere ill-will." Mrs. Martin shows an almost uncanny realization of the distrust and its ramifications which colored people are inevitably bound to have of their white neighbors. Thus the inimitable Angey makes no" complaint of having vainly trusted her grandson to the sheriff. But she remarks: "When yo' gits yo' hand in a lion's mouth, pat him en rub him till yo' git it out, but don't yo' put it in any mo. . . . Puttin' it anudder way, I might say thet a mouse ought to be a fus'rate han' to keep away f'om cat-tracks." J. F. National • Ass ociaiion - for • (he • • Advancement o/^ Colored-People. FUNDS NEEDED TO FIGHT ARKANSAS CASES AL L readers of TH E CRISIS and members of the Association know of the long, difficult and as yet undecided fight that the Association is making to save the lives of 12 Negroes sentenced to death in Arkansas and the freedom of 67 men sentenced to Ions prison terms for the alleged "massacre" in Phillips County, Ark., in October, 1919. As announced in the November issue of the Branch Bulletin, Colonel George W. Murphy, who has been serving as chief counsel of the Association in the defense of 79 men and who was most vigilant and determined in his efforts to save the lives of these men, died on October 11. The cases of the 12 men sentenced to death, were first appealed to the Phillips County Circuit Court, where motions for new trials were denied. They were then appealed to the Supreme Court of the State of Arkansas where the verdict of the Phillips County Circuit Court in six of the cases was reversed and the cases remanded for new trial and in the six remaining cases the verdict of death was affirmed. The first six cases on being re-tried, were re-sentenced to death by the Phillips County Court. In the meantime in the latter six cases a motion was filed in the Federal Court of the Eastern District of Arkansas for trial there on a writ of certiorari. Similar action was taken in the remain ing six cases upon the men being re-sentenced to death. On October 11 the Supreme Court of the United States refused a motion to carry the cases directly from the Arkansas State Supreme Court to the United States Supreme Court, an effort made by Colonel Murphy to carry the cases immediately to the highest tribunal of the country. This decision was rendered on the same day that Colonel Murphy died. The cases will now have to be fought in the Federal Courts in Arkansas and if the Association should meet defeat there the, cases will then go to the Court of Appeals of the Federal Courts. If there an unfavorable verdict is rendered then the cases will go to the United States Supreme Court. Immediately following the trouble in Arkansas, the Association had little difficulty in raising funds. To date it has expended over $6,000 in the defense. It is obligated at present to pay within a few weeks an additional $5,000. That sum must be raised within a short time if the lives of the men in Arkansas are to be saved. The Association is therefore making an appeal to every person who wishes to see justice done in the cases of these men to contribute immediately in as large measure as possible to the Defense Fund. It makes this appeal to all persons whether they contributed to the original fund or not. Action must be taken HAITIAN ARTICLES IN PAMPHLET FORM The four article.? by James Weldon Johnson which appeared in The Nation, to•* gether with official documents secured by Mr. Johnson in Haiti last spring, and which have caused so great an upheaval in the United States during the past three months, have been combined and published in pamphlet form. The price is twenty-five cents a copy, which can be obtained by writing to the National Office* There is only a limited supply on hand. Persons desiring copies should write atl once for them. The investigation and the report thereon form one of the most damning indictments of imperialism ever published and should be included in the library of every person who wishes to read and keep a record of what has been done in the Negro republic of Haiti by the United States government and the National City Bank of New York. 65 66 THE immediately as the Association is dependent upon its friends and supporters to aid it in this critical period. The men are guilty of no crime save that of protesting in a legal and legitimate fashion against vicious economic exploitation. The fight must be made to prevent their being legally lynched. VICTORY IN ROBERT L. HILL CASE ROBERT L. HILL, the alleged leader of -*-*-the "massacre" in Phillips County, Ark., in 1919, has been entirely absolved of all blame by the Attorney-General of the United States and both Federal charges against him dismissed. Thus victoriously ends one of the most dramatic legal battles in the United States since pre-Civil War days, when fugitive slaves sought asylum in northern states from oppressions in the South. The Federal Government has gone on record as recognizing that a Negro accused of a crime against a white man in a southern state cannot receive a fair and unbiased trial. A brief history of the rapidly developing chain of events in this case will be of interest. On January 22 Mr. Hill was arrested in Topeka, Kansas, and Governor Brough asked for his extradition. The N. A. A. C. P. immediately asked Senator Arthur Capper, a member of our National Board of Directors who was familiar with the facts in the case, to wire Governor Allen of Kansas, asking him not to grant the extradition of Hill until the Association was able to present the facts. Senator Capper also wired to Hugh T. Fisher, County Attorney of Shawnee County, Kansas, asking him to act as chief counsel for Hill. Through Senator Capper's aid Governor Allen and Mr. Fisher acted promptly. Had this not been done, there would have been but slight chance of Hill escaping a return to Arkansas and possible lynching. Thus the aid of two white members of the Association meant the saving of the life of a colored man. On January 27 the hearing on the extradition proceedings was held before Governor Allen. In spite of the protest of Attorney-General Arbuckle, a continuance was granted to permit the securing of sworn testimony showing that Hill was not tt,e leader of the insurrection. Finally, on March 23, after several hearings and the presentation of much evidence, Governor Allen decided, first, that Hill was CRISIS not guilty of the crime charged and, second, that if Hill was returned to Arkansas his life would not be safe. He thereupon re fused extradition. The State of Arkansas then attempted to secure Hill's extradition through the State Courts of Kansas. Upon this proving unavailing they attempted to use the Federal Courts. The first charge against Hill was that he had "impersonated a Federal officer." Finding that they would not be able to substantiate such a charge, the Arkansas authorities shifted ground to a new charge of "conspiring with one V. E. Powell to impersonate a Federal officer." Judge Pollock of the Federal Court of Kansas set April 8 for a hearing on the Federal indictment. In the meantime, Walter F. White, of tha National Office, was sent to Washington, where he held a conference with Assistant Attorney-General William C. Herron and presented evidence to show, first, that the State of Arkansas was attempting to use the Federal Courts solely to get Hill back within the jurisdiction of the State Courts and, second, that since Mr. U. S. Bratton, a white attorney of Little Rock, who had prosecuted a number of white planters for robbing Negro share croppers, had be&lt;m driven from the state under threats of death it was doubly dangerous for Hill, a colored man, to be carried back to that state. As a result of this interview the Federal Attor ney at Washington ordered the United States Attorney at Little Rock to forward to Washington all evidence in the Hill case for examination. Later, upon the hearing held before Judge Pollock, a provisional extradition was granted to the State of Arkansas providing that Hill should be carried back to Arkansas to be tried upon the Federal charge in the Federal Courts, and that if Hill was convicted upon the Federal charge, that he was to be returned safely by the Arkansas authorities to the Federal Court in Kansas. The Arkansas authorities refused to accept such extradition papers and Judge Pollock released Hill under a $2,000 bond for a hearing at the October term of Court at Leavenworth, Kansas. On October 2 Mr. White was again sent to Washington for a conference with the Department of Justice. The Department had given the United States Attorney at Little Rock the opportunity of saving his face by allowing him to voluntarily dismiss N. A. A. C. P. 67 the two charges against Hill. This he refused to do, whereupon the Attorney-General ordered both cases in the Federal Court against Hill to be dismissed. Thus ends one of the most dramatic legal fights the Association has ever undertaken and one which is undoubtedly to have a most far-reaching effect. Special credit is due Mr. Fisher, who, in spite of a very large law practice and his official duties as County Attorney, fought unceasingly for Mr. Hill's release and who refused not only to accept a fee, but would not even allow the National Office to reimburse him for personal expenditures made in connection with the case. Much credit is also due Messrs. James H. Guy, Elisha Scott and A. M. Thomas, colored attorneys of Topeka, who loyally supported and aided Mr. Fisher. DELINQUENT BRANCHES JIM-CROWISM, disfranchisement, segre gation and lynching are still with us. We must continue the fight against the color line. We need the moral support of every colored citizen, but we cannot pay the lawyers' bills or the expense of a Haitian investigation with moral support. It takes money as well as enthusiasm to do anything worth while. To meet our various expenses we are depending upon the branches. Since the fundamental purpose of the Association is the "Advancement of Colored People," colored people ought to support it to the best of their ability. Some branches are doing their full share, others are doing less, and still others are doing nothing. Simply to keep a branch on record costs the Association annually $9.30. The National Office apportioned among the various branches, according to the colored population of the community, the amount necessary to insure the carrying out of Jhe program for 1920. This was published in TH E CRISIS for August. We are quite confident that these amounts were not impossible sums if the officers and the executive committees took their work and the responsibility connected with it* seriously. It may be that some of them are much too busy to give adequate time to the Association. If so, it is only fair to the branches that they yield their places to others. The National Office does not want to drop any branches but it does not feel that it can carry for another year those branches which are doing no active work and giving no financial support. Below is a list of those branches from whom no word has been received since January 1, 1920. This list is published in order COLORED REFT/GEES AFTER A SOUTHERN FIRE THE to give the officers and members of these branches an opportunity to revive them and to prevent the revocation of their charters. Charters of delinquent branches will be revoked at the January meeting of the Board of Directors unless some report is received from them prior to that date. If the officers of these branches will take no action, we are inviting the members to write to the National Office if they wish to keep their branch alive. ALABAMA NORTH CAROLINA Klocton Fayetteville Ensley Lexington ARIZONA Raleigh Bisbee Wilmington Tucson WinstonSalem ARKANSAS OHIO Edmondscm Miami County Jonesboro Zaneaville Pine Bluff OKLAHOMA CONNECTICUT McAlester Stamford Muskogee FLORIDA OREGON Palatka Portland St. Augustine PENNSYLVANIA Tampa Carlisle GEORGIA Ilarrisburg Albany West Chester Columbus York Dublin SOUTH CAROLINA Hawkinsvillc Beaufort Macon TEXAS Savannah Austin Thomasville Bailey ville Valdosta Ben Jiley Waycross Fort Worth IDAHO Gonzales Boise Greenville ILLINOIS Hearne Evan st on High ban* Joliet Leggett Madison Marlin Maywood Marshall Quincy Mum ford INDIANA Oran ge South Bend Palestine Seguin Earlington KENTUCKY Silsbee Owensboro Temple Paducah Waco Waelder Bay City MICHIGAN Whartort Saginaw VIRGINIA Charlottesville MISSOURI Louisa County Springfield WEST VIRGINIA NEW JERSEY Blucfield Paterson Morgantovvn NEW MEXICO CANADA Albuquerque Windsor ANNUAL MEETING r TH E Annual Meeting of the National As sociation for the Advancement of Col ored People will be held in the East Room of the Sage Foundation, 130 East Twenty- second Street, New York City, on the after noon of Monday, January 3, at two o'clock. There will be reports from officers and branches and the nominations for Directors will be voted upon. CRISIS NOMINATING COMMITTEE THE Nominating Committee for members of the Board of Directors of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People reports these nominees for terms expiring December 31, 1923: Dr. J. Max Barber, Philadelphia. Prof. George W. Cook, Washington, D. C. Mr. Harry E. Davis, Cleveland. Mr. A. H. Grimke, Washington, D. C. Rev. John Haynes Holmes, New York. Dr. V. Morton Jones, New York. Mr. John E. Milholland, New York. Mr. J. E. Spingarn, New York. Mr. Moorfield Storey, Boston. Mr. William English Walling, New York. The Nominating Committee: HARRY H . PACE, Chairman. ROBERT R. CHURCH, CHARLES H. STUDIN. THE NEW SECRETARY A T the December meeting of the Board of Directors, James Weldon Johnson, Acting Secretary of the N. A. A. C. P., was elected Secretary. Mr. Johnson was born in Jacksonville, Fla., in 1871. He was educated at Atlanta and Columbia Universities, and has acted as United States Consul in Venezuela and Nicaragua. He joined the National Association as Field Secretary in 1917. He is a well-known author and poet. JAMES WELDON JOHNSON The Looking Glass LITERATURE THE time draws near the birth of Christ; The moon is hid, the night is still • A single church below the hill Is pealing, folded in themist. x Ring out false pride in place and blood, The civic slander and the spite; Ring in the love of truth and right, Ring in the common love of good. Tennyson: In Memoriam. * * * John H. Harris writes us concerning his forthcoming book, Africa—Slave or Free? This is now about to be published in the United States by Messrs. Dutton. I prepared this little book with the single object of giving a bird's-eye view of Africa and the African today — economically, politically, ethically, religiously. The book" has been warmly received here [London-], and is being widely adopted by students and organizations, as a text-book, and I can safely say that no one can peruse this book without having at their fingers' ends the A B C of the African situation. I know there is no such book on the market anywhere. * * * The New York CaU says: Darkwater, W. E. B. DuBois' intense and moving study of the position of the darker races in the modern world, is soon to appear in a French translation. The publishers, Harcourt, Brace &amp; Howe, announce that a third printing of the book has been found necessary here. * * * An Englishman, Captain W. D. Downes, M. C , has written With the Nigerians in German East Africa. (Methuen, London.) The Spectator says: Captain Downes writes throughout as one who felt it an honor to go through this campaign with the W. A. F. F., as one "who suffered and laughed, fought and trekked, worked and rested, starved and fed with this gallant band of black volunteers from Nigeria, for it must be remembered that every Nigerian soldier that went to German East Africa volunteered his services for that campaign. I am sure that if those pioneers of Nigeria, Glover and Freeman, could have seen the regiment, of which they were the founders, at Mahiwa, they would have seen something of which they would have been justly proud. .. . I hope that when my readers have read this account, poorly told as it is by an amateur writer, they will in future respect the fighting black man of Africa, for he has at least proved himself a man. We in England owe our Negro brother-subject a great debt of gratitude for all he has done for our beloved Empire. Many a native of Nigeria has trekked his last trek and fought his lasc fight far away from his own land for the sake of that Empire which has given him freedom, justice and all that makes life worth living. Ruskin once said that war was an injustice of the ignoblest kind at once to God and Man, which must be stemmed for the sake of them both. This story has been written for the express purpose of letting the outside world know how nobly the West African soldier has helped to stem this tide of injustice to civilization." The narrative abounds in acts of heroism performed by Nigerian soldiers, in remaining with wounded officers under heavy fire or shielding them with their own bodies. Of Sergeant-Major Belo Akure, the hero of a dozen fights, Captain Downes says: "I can honestly state I have never seen a braver man. His one idea is that his officers must on no account run into unnecessary danger; on no account will he let an officer go in front of him on a road. Any cover that is handy must be reserved to conceal the officers, even if he himself must lie down in the open. I have seen him deliberately get in front of a European so that if any one should be hit it would be himself." * * * Important periodical literature on the Negro during the current year: America's Ireland—Haiti, Santo Domingo. Nation, February 21, '20. Negro Problem in South Africa. Nation, March 13, '20. Prince of Abyssinia Makes History. W. A. Anderson. Travel, March, '20. ProblemApril* '20.  of Egypt. Review of Reviews, Politics vs. Progress in South Africa. C. Dawborn. Living Age, June 19, '20. Our Debt to Negro Sculpture. Literary Digest, July 17, '20. Are We Going to Act Justly in Africa? S. Olivier. Contemporary Review, August, '20. Self-Determining Haiti. James Weldon Johnson. Nation, August 28, '20. THREE INDIANS MUNSEY'S MAGAZINE speaks of three Indians, particularly of Bal Gangadar Tilak: Probably no two men have been more influential in modern India than G. K. Gokhale 69 THE and B. G. Tilak. In spirit and method these two Indian leaders represent opposite types —the one a distinguished statesman and orator, the other having neither eloquence nor instinct for public affairs, but wielding great influence through his two newspapers published at Poona, the Mahratta, in English, and the Kesari, in Mahrati. Tilak's stormy career has just come to an end, to the great grief of nationalist India. He had extraordinary personal gifts and the power of inspiring fanatical devotion, and for forty years he has been at the head of the nationalist movement. In India his name is one with which to work magic or terror. He was either adored or passionately opposed. Bal Gangadar Tilak was sixty-five years of age when he died. He was a Mahratta by race, a Brahman by caste, a lawyer by profession, and a journalist by choice. When yet a young man, he was prosecuted by the government for defaming a native ruler, the Diwan of Kolhapur, whom he accused of cruelty. He served his sentence of a hundred days in prison, and came out resolved to free his country from bureaucracy. The nationalist movement that he started in the early eighties at Poona was the foundation of the Young India party, which swept the whole peninsula. Year after year found him in difficulties with the government. Finally, in 1907, the extremists, of whom he was Lhe leader, broke up the National Congress at Surat, bombs were hurled in Bombay, and Tilak was again arrested. His long-drawn out trial before a Parsee judge and jury was a sensation. Tilak conducted his own defense, and his address to the court lasted six days. He was convicted and sentenced to six years' imprisonment in the fortress at Mandalay, from which he was released only a few weeks before the outbreak of the great war. Visitors to London last year, during the debates on the bill which has made radical changes in the government of India, might have seen him, a conspicuous figure wearing the magenta turban of his race, at every session of the House of Commons and in the committee-room of the House of Lords, where he appeared as a delegate of the National Congress of India. Sanskrit students who knew Bal Gangadar Tilak hold that; if his life had not been devoted to politics, he would have been in the front rank of orientalists. He is the author of a curious, widely discussed book, "The Arctic Home of the Vedas," written during his prison terms, and designed to prove by astronomical and other evidence that the great Aryan migration began from a region within the Arctic circle. The third Indian is a physiologist: An Indian scientist, Professor Jagadis C. Bose, is one of the most talked-of physiologists of Europe. Nearly twenty years ago he read a paper in London, before the Royal Society, showing that tin could be tired and iron could suffer from an affection corre CRISIS sponding to tetanus in human beings. When he went on to assert that plants could give response to electric impulse, members of the society declared that electric response as described in the paper was absolutely impossible. Bose took up the challenge, and within a year had proved his point to the satisfaction of the Royal Society itself. Bose's great success in this line of research is the result of his marvelous skill in the construction of micro-apparatus for detecting the smallest movements in plants. Several years ago he perfected a mechanism that magnified one hundred thousand times, enabling him to record growth at the rata of a hundred-thousandth part of an inch per second. "Man is never satisfied," said Bose, and now he has succeeded in constructing an apparatus that magnifies a million times. To realize what this means, the professor points out that if the snail's pace could be so magnified, it would race forty times around the earth in twenty-four hours. In this apparatus the slightest movement upsets a very delicately balanced magnetic system, with a mirror deflecting a ray of light to the extremity of an arc of any desired magnitude. EDUCATION IN SOUTH CAROLINA IN Greenville, S. C., one Dave Traxler urges the citizens not to refuse Federal educational aid (as provided for under the Smith-Hughes law) in the fear that Uncle Sam will insist on the attendance of white and black at the same schools, or the employment of Negro teachers, for white pupils. He has proof positive not only that such will not be the case, but that colored citizens will not even secure their share of such an appropriation. Take, for instance, this interesting letter appearing in the Greenville Piedmont: LAURENS, S. C. Hon. D. B. Traxler, Greenville, S. C.: Dear Sir— I shall gladly give you the facts referred to in your inquiry some days ago. I shall itemize these facts separately: Total expendituresschool for white $143,482.70 Total expendituresschool for Negro  14,057.00 Total number white teachers . . 171 Total number Negro teachers.. 80 Total number of white schools. 71 Total number of Negro schools. 74 Total white enrollment 5,907 Total Negro enrollment 6,180 The teaching of Vocational Agriculture under the Smith-Hughes Law has been satisfactory at Gray Court and at Laurens in this county. Under this law the Federal Government THE LOOKING GLASS pays one-half of the salary; the State one-fourth and the local community the other. In the plan here at Laurens the communities of Prospect, Copeland, Trinity Ridge and Laurens received the full time of a teacher and a community worker for the sum of $440.00. The same was the case at Gray Court-Owings where the service of a full-time teacher was received for one-fourth of his salary, the national government and state government paying the other three-fourths. Very truly, R. T. WILSON. Superintendent	 of Education, Laurens County, South Carolina. * * * Another letter reads: GREENVILLE, S. C , August 16, 1920. Mr.	 D. B. Traxler, Greenville, S. C: My Dear Sir— Under the terms of the Smith-Hughes act, passed by Congress in 1917, there has been spent in Greenville county during the last school year, ending July 1, 1920, the sum of $3,265.00, which amount was appropriated by the Federal government for the teaching of agriculture and other subjects in the several schools so aided. None of the money so contributed was used for the teaching of Negroes or was used to hire Negro teachers, and the spending of the funds so appropriated was left absolutely in the hands of the State authorities. With kind regards and good wishes, I am, Yours very truly, M. C. BARTON, Superintendent	 of Education, County of Greenville, S. C. CREOLES MAUD CUNEY HARE writes in the ; * Musical Observer: The history of the Creole folk-song of America is interwoven with the history of the	 southwest section of the country and particularly that of the State of Louisiana. In August, 1779, in the war of American Independence, a little army of 1,430 men composed of Creoles, two companies of which were free men of color, and 160 Indians, marched under Galvez to defend themselves against the British. For 16 years Louisiana, which had been founded by French immigrants under Iberville, had been a Spanish possession—a gift of King Louis X V to his Spanish cousin, Charles III of Spain. "* In 1791, Negroes of Santo Domingo rose in rebellion and a few refugees found their way to Louisiana. Skilled in sugar-making, they revived this prosperous industry which had long remained dormant, although sugarcane had been introduced 40 years previous by the Jesuits of St. Domingo. Eight years later (a period to which the folk-songs often refer), Napoleon's soldiers threatened the West Indies. A large number of whites and mulatto refugees with their slaves had escaped in the St. Domingan insurrection and fled to Cuba. They were now by the war between France and Spain, again forced to become exiles, and within three summer months of 1809, over five thousand persons, white, free mulattoes, and black slaves, came to New Orleans from Cuba. They continued to emigrate from Cuba, Guadeloupe and other French West Indies, until about ten thousand persons, two thousand of whom were free people of color, took refuge in New Orleans. By 1788 the Louisiana province contained 1,701 free men and 21,465 slaves amidst the French and Spanish settlers. The Carmelite Convent played its part in these early days, as an educational centre. Here attended both white and free colored children; many of the latter class had wealthy parents who paid a high price for their tuition. Children of the wealthy were sent to Paris to complete their education. In fact, says an old Creole neighbor and friend of my grandmother, Mons. Victor, who came to New Orleans from Martinique in 1847, "Many of the women and children did not know whether they were Creoles or white, nor could the whites themselves tell who was white and who was Creole, so generally was the population mixed, while the city was largely French in manners and life." The town of St. Martinsville on the Bayou Teche, was nicknamed "Le petit Paris," and here it was that King Louis Phillipe (when Duke of Orleans) was entertained. "The streets, banquetts, we should say, were bright with color, the nights filled with song and laughter. Through the scene the people of color add the spice of color in the life; they add the zest of romance." With the French spirit greatly predominating, from this mingling of races sprang the Creole, and in this environment, the Creole song. Who are the Creoles? The word itself is used in Europe as well as in the French West Indies and in the South-West section of this country. "Creole" as used to denote race is a term that is continually being misunderstood and warmly argued. The word "Creole" is from the Spanish "Criollo" and the French verb "creer" to create—a created race. Of the Spanish Creoles, Calderon in "Latin America" says, the three races, Iberian, Indian and African, united by blood, from the population of Spanish America, while Arthur R. Gray in "The New World" says, the European established in America becomes a Creole; his is a new race, the final product of secular unions. If all the races of the new world were finally to unite, the Creole would be the real American. (Continued on page 74) joseph and mary come to bethlehem AT last we've reached the town where in a bygone year Prince David saw the light,—that king without a peer. "Take courage, Mary mine; beside yon climbing spire Nestles a little inn, 'tis there we shall retire." The watchman in the tower Cries, "Seven is now the hour." "Ah! sir, within your house may we not shelter find— Some little quiet nook? For heaven's sake be kind!" "Your plea is all in vain; you two must further fare; My house is filled with folk; seek lodgings otherwhere." The watchman in the tower Calls, "Seven is still the hour." "We'll seek another place; see that house opposite, All bright with light and cheer,—'tis there we'll sup and sit." "Joseph, your arm! Dear God! I find myself so weak . I cannot travel more, or other -lodgings seek." The watchman in the tower Warns, "Eight is now the hour." "Ho! Host of the Three Crowns, tell me, you must have room Some little hole for two. We'll not mind dust or gloom!" "I take but noble folk who pay a handsome meed. Begone you beggars! Go! I hate your lowly breed!" "Ah! sir, upon my knees, for great Jehovah's sake, I pray you scorn us not; we have so much at stake!" "Away, poor carpenter, some other shelter find, My house was never meant for people of your kind!" The watchman in the tower Sighs, "Nine is now the hour." "Ah! Madame auburn-haired, for God's sake give to me Some shelter, some retreat within your hostelry!" "Why I've no bed myself; tonight all comfortless Upon a bed of straw, I'll shiver in distress!" "Oh, Madame!" Mary begs in tears and on her knees, "You realize my plight: compassion, if you please!" I 72 translated by jessie Fauset "Yes, Mother-soon-to-be, your plight is very clear; Your time is imminent—it must not happen here." The watchman in the tower Moans, "Ten is now the hour." "At least until I find some shelter, some retreat, You'll let her linger here, upon that vacant seat?" "Of course she may, poor child. 'Tis plain she needs to rest. Quick, try the White Horse Inn or else the Magpie's Nest." "You chattering, foolish wife!" a shrill voice cries in scorn, "You'll linger at the door till night turns into morn?" "Hush, that's my husband! Go! We'll have to separate! Farewell, farewell, good folk; God's mercy be your fate!" One wails within the tower— "Eleven is the hour now." Poor Joseph in despair and utterly unable To find a lodging fit, espies a little stable. Within this lowly home, as prophesied Isaiah, The little Christ is born, the Lord, the world's Messiah. The watchman in the tower Chants, "Midnight is the hour." Noel! Noel! Noel! Chimes out each happy bell. Bring frankincense and myrrh! Play pipe and dulcimer! Ring bells with silvery voice! The Christ is born, rejoice! The Christ, so long foretold By prophets new and old, The Christ for whom we've yearned, To us at last hath turned. Play pipe! Play dulcimer! All things that ever were The happy chorus swell,— —An old French Chanson rendered Noel! Noel! Noel! by Yvette Guilbert. 73 74 THE AFRICANS, ASIATICS AND ANGLO-SAXONS THE Anti-Slavery and Aborigines Pro tection Society presents the case of the expropriation of the Mashona and Matabele territory in Africa: The cardinal fact of the land situation was that the ownership of the entire lands of Southern Rhodesia was declared by the Chartered Company to be vested in them as a commercial asset, that is to say, that the lands practically belonged not to the native inhabitants but to private persons in this country who happened to be shareholders in the company. This contention carried with it the logical sequence that the natives of these territories had (and have) lost all ownership rights to their lands—that no single Mashona or Matabele owned or owns, either by tribal or individual right, the ground on which his hut is erected, the gardens he tills, or what every student of Africa knows, or should know, is dearer and more sacred to him even than to the European, the burial grounds of his family. It cannot be too clearly understood that the expropriation of the land ownership rights of the 800,000 natives of Southern Rhodesia is absolute in degree, and applies to every native from the family of Lobengula to every private individual in the territory— not a vestige of native ownership remains. * * * Here is the much vaunted British justice: The total costs incidental to the native case have been about £7,000, which sum the Anti-Slavery and Aborigines Protection Society advanced for the natives. The Chartered Company refuses, and the British Government, though it can do so, will not insist upon the application of the resolution of the Legislative Council to the costs of the native case. This attitude obviously implies that the Mashona and Matabele people are not to be deemed part of the "inhabitants and people" of Southern Rhodesia—except, of course, for purposes of taxation! * * * Japan has no notion of sitting quiet under American racial distinction. An Associate Press dispatch tells us: The Japanese Government, as a result of yesterday's meeting of the Cabinet, will, in the first place, vigorously pursue the negotiations concerning American anti-Japanese legislation, and, in the second place, will push firmly the question of racial equality in the League of Nations conferences, according to the Hochi Shimbun today. These decisions will be considered further at today's meeting of the Diplomatic Advisory Council, the newspaper says. A graduate of Columbia University, New York, M. Osako, who followed Representative Kodama, attributed the anti-Japanese sentiment in the United States to racial differences. He declared that the whites were CRISIS oppressing the colored races, backed by the power and influence of cvilization. Japan was the only country strongly opposing white oppression, M. Osako asserted, and therefore had incurred the hatred of the Americans. In his address to the Provincial Governors yesterday, Premier Hara said the situation of the world never was more- strained than at present. Hitherto, he declared, Japan's problems had been confined to the Orient, but international competition had arisen, resulting in a marked increase in Japan's responsibility to the world and the expansion of her national expenditure. BLACK JEWS DR. JACQUES FAITLOVITCH, of Ge neva, tells of the existence of black Jews in Abyssinia. He writes in the American Jewish Year Book: In Abyssinia, in the vast empire of the Negus, exist Jews called "Falashas." Their skin of a light black color and the regular and finely cut features which characterize them speak of a non-African race. Their name "Falasha," a surname given to them by the natives, signifying exiled immigrants, proves that they are strangers who came from abroad to establish themselves in Ethiopia. They called themselves Beta Israel ("The House of Israel"), and with great pride state that they are the offspring of the stock of Abraham, Isaac and Jacob. Certainly no historical documents exist in writing, but theirl oral traditions, faithfully transmitted from father to son, sustain their claim as Jews. They maintain even to this day, as they have maintained throughout the centuries in this remote corner of the Dark Continent, the assertion of descent from our ancestors, and this sincere claim, next to their religious hope, is their most cherished heirloom. When evils befall them, it constitutes their strength and their consolation. They always show themselves worthy sons of our people, and in the past they have many times demonstrated that they possess the characteristics of our race, the vivifying force of the existence of Israel. This quality distinguishes them from their compatriots, all of whom. Christians, Muslims and Pagans, bear witness to the relationship of the Falashas to the Jewish race and religion. Among the Falashas there exist no differences of religion nor any distinction of class. All profess the same faith, practise the same customs, and live on a basis of equality. The priests and the Dabteras [learned men] follow trades, and work like everybody else to provide for their needs. Only in the matter of headgear are they distinguished from the others; they wear turbans of white cloth, while the other Falashas, like all Abyssinians, go bare-headed by day and by night, indoors as well as out of doors. Their occupation, originally that of mili MEN OF THE MONTH tary mercenary service under the different sovereigns, and later trade on the banks of the Nile and on the littoral of the Red Sea, is mainly agriculture and manual labor. They are in their country almost the only people who are able to follow, with any skill, the trades which are practiced in Abyssinia, and thanks to their skill they are on good terms with their non-Jewish compatriots. Abyssinia needs the Falashas who furnish the articles indispensable for the maintenance of the country. PUBLICITY AS USUAL The publicity methods of the Washington, D. C, Post with regard to Negroes speak for themselves: SNATCHES GIRL'S PURSE Unidentified Negro Takes $16.50 From Telephone Operator Helen Barnes, 17 years old, living on Sligo Mill road, near Blair road northeast, reported to the police last night that she had a pocketbook containing $16.50 and some car tokens snatched by an unidentified Negro as she was crossing a lot near Blair road and Rittenhouse road on her way home. Miss Barnes is a telephone operator, and told the police last night that she has noticed a Negro loitering about several times. The case was investigated by policemen from the Tenth Precinct and Detectives Thompson and Embrey, of headquarters. * * * But the retraction carefully refrains from stating the truth until the very end of the paragraph so that he who runs may not read: Helen M. Barnes, 17 years old, who reported to the police of the Tenth Precinct last Saturday night that she had been attacked by a Negro and robbed of a purse containing $16.50, signed a statement at police headquarters yesterday to the effect that she had not been robbed of any money or attacked by a Negro. THREE POEMS CHARLES BERTRAM JOHNSON SHADOWS WHEREVER turn I will or may, • * They fall across my. onward way; But what I yield not heart to see, I know can never master me. II RACE DREAMS THE chance here to be nobler men— Filled with the conscious breath of God— Whether free in the city's din, Or delving wisely in the sod. III SNOW All day the clouds *• Grow cold and fall, And soft the white fleece shrouds Field, hill and wall; And now I know Why comes the snow: The bare black places lie Too near the sky. Men of the month DR. E. M. BRAWLEY has retired from the pulpit at White Rock Baptist Church, Durham, N. C , after 8 years' service. During this period the debt on the church has been reduced from $20,000 to $7,000, all current expenses have been met and a parsonage has been purchased. The congregation presented Dr. Brawley with a silver loving cup. Dr. Brawley was horn in 1851 at Charleston, S. C. He was the first student in the school of theology at Howard University. In 1875 he was graduated from Bucknell University. Dr. Brawley has organized THE CRISIS Baptist churches, Sunday schools and conventions throughout the South and is the author of a "Commentary on Mark", a textbook on Evangelism, a number of tracts and pamphlets, and editor of The Evangel, a monthly pamphlet. He was president of Selma University for 4 years and in 1908 founded Morris College at Sumter, S. C. The well-known Benjamin G. Brawley, the author and historian, is his son. AT Trinidad, B. W. I., Emanuel Mzumbo Lazare has been appointed as the first Negro member of the Legislative Council by Lord Milner, to succeed Norman Lamont. The Hon. Mr. Lazare was born at New Town, Port of Spain, Trinidad, on December 24, 1864. In 1891 he married Virginia Noelize Swoard, who recently died. Mr. Lazare was the first Negro to pass the examination of the Law Society, Inc., of England; in 1888 he succeeded in having the Governor, Sir William Robinson, declare a public holiday in celebration of the jubilee of Negro emancipation; as a Lieutenant, in 1897, he was one of the officers of the military contingent at the Diamond Jubilee celebration of Queen Victoria. He serves on the Ground Provisions Committee and is a member of the Agricultural Society of Trinidad and Tobago, an advisory member of the Trinidad Workingmen's Association and the only Negro member of the Board of Agriculture; sketches of his life with photographs have appeared in The Graphic, The Sketch, Black and White, and Army and Navy, all popular English papers. The Grenada says of Mr. Lazare: "He stands up in his manhood as a full blooded Negro with no apology for his existence." T TURNER LAYTON was born in •* • Washington, D. C , where he attended the public schools and Howard University. He is the son of the late Professor John T. Layton, from whom he received most of his musical training. For the popular song field Mr. Layton has written "Sweet Emalina My Gal", "Sweet and Pretty", "Everybody's Crazy 'Bout the Doggone Blues", "Good-Bye Alexander", "Cute Little Wigglin' Dance", "After You're Gone"; he has written restricted songs for such vaudeville headliners as Bert Williams, Nora Bayes, Eddie Leonard, Stella Mayhew, Blanche Ring, Emma Carus, Al Jolson, Eddie Cantor, Eva Tanguay, Van and Schenk and Belle Baker. Mr. Layton has as his collaborator Mr. Henry S. Creamer. Mr. Creamer was born in Richmond, Va., June 21, 1879, the son of the Rev. Henry Creamer. He attended the public and high schools of New York City. For many years he was an instructor and demonstrator of stage dancing, the first dramatic critic for the Amsterdam News, and a founder of the Clef Club. Among Mr. Creamer's works are the lyrics for "Too Much Isaacs", "Dandy Dixie Minstrels", the late Ernest Hogan's "Oysterman", S. H. Dudley's "Smart Set", Roger and Creamer's "Old Man's Boy", and the following songs: "Dear Old Moonlight". "Why Do You Wait for Tomorrow", "Dearest Memories", "I've Got the Finest Man", "Droop Dem Eyes", "Clef Club Chant", "Twenty Years", "I'm Wild About Moonshine" and "Show Me How." The complete musical score of Mr. and Mrs. Coburn's Broadway production, "Three Showers", which played in New York City at the Harris Theatre, was written by Messrs. Layton and Creamer, who also have succeeded in having over thirty compositions recorded with the Victor, Columbia and Emerson phonograph companies. JOSHUA HENRY JONES, JR., the son of Bishop J. H. Jones of the A. M. E. Church, was born at Orangeburg, S. C, November 22, 1876. While in Central High School, at Columbus, he contributed verse to the Ohio Sunday State Journal and to the high school paper, of which he was a founder. In his senior year he won the prize for the class song for which there were 135 contestants. He attended Ohio State and Yale Universities and was graduated from Brown University in 1903. He secured a position with the Providence News as sports editor and after three years, was made head of the Labor Department of the paper and later founded the Union Advocate, a weekly publication devoted to union news. He has served as head of the sports department of the Worcester Evening Post; assistant city and news editor oi the Lawrence Sun-American; city editor of the Boston Daily Advertiser with a staff of from 25 to 30 men; and a member of the editorial staff of the Boston Post. Mr. Jones has published through the Stratford Company, Boston, a volume of poems, "The Heart of the World", a book of elegant style, noble thought and deep sentiment. J. TURNER LAYTONJOSHUA H. JONES, JE.BE. E. M. BRAWLEY  HENRY S. CREAMER  EMANUEL M, LAZARE 77 The Horizon COMPILED BY MADELINE G- ALLISON MUSIC AND ART ' I ""HE St. Louis Post Dispatch, a white daily, has reproduced in its rotogravure section a bust of the late Mme. C. J. Walker made by E. C. Gaither, a Negro sculptor. C George W. Lattimore, colored proprietor of the American Southern Syncopated Orchestra and Singers, has leased Philharmonic Hall in London, England, for 2 years at a rental of $50,000 per year. C Ground has been broken for the Douglass Theatre in Baltimore; it will be erected by the Quality Amusement Corporation at a cost of $400,000. C J. W. F. Leman, Director of the Steel Pier Orchestra at Atlantic City, N. J... has consented to engage for the next season Edward Stello, a Negro soloist. This will be the first appearance of a colored soloist on the Steel Pier. (I The H. W. Gray Company has published Mr. Paul C. Bolin's "Communion Service in G". This work is dedicated to St. Phillip's Protestant Episcopal Church of New York City, of which Mr. Bolin is organist and choirmaster. C An active branch of the National Association of Negro Musicians is the Indianapolis Music Promoters' Club, of which Ella V. Thomas, pianist, is president and Adelaide Thornton, Supervisor of Music in the Colored Schools, is secretary. The club has instituted a monthly Community Program, a series of three artists' recitals and the maintenance of a piano quartette. d Marie Ford of Los Angeles, CaL, has accepted the position of Director of Music at Lincoln Institute, Jefferson City, Mo. (I Mme. E. Azalia Hackley has given her second folk-song festival in Detroit. On the program were compositions by Burleigh, Cook, Dett, Johnson and Diton. Among the artists were Cleota Collins, Bertha Hansbury and L. D. Collins. Ralph Holmes says in the Detroit Journal: "There is no reason why every season should not see a concert by the pick of the local col ored singers that would pack the largest auditorium in the city with music lovers of all races and colors." C The Dudley-Murray United Theatre Corporation has been organized at Washington, D. C , with an authorized capital of $500,000. It will erect The Douglass Theatre at 1333-41 You Street, N. W., on a lot 117 by 145 feet. G A collection of six Creole folk-songs arranged by Maud Cuney Hare is to be published by Carl Fischer, New York. Philip Hale says in the New Music Review: "One awaits eagerly the book of Creole songs that Mrs. Maud Cuney Hare is editing. Mrs. Hare, by birth and early environment, " is well qualified to edit and annotate these songs." G West Virginia Collegiate Institute has presented Kemper Harreld in a violin recital; Mrs. Clarice J. Michaels was accompanist. C Hazel Harrison, pianist, has begun her fall concert tour with a piano recital in Detroit, Mich. C A Community Service Orchestra of 60 members has been organized in Chicago by Charles Elgar. G At Orchestra Hall, Chicago, James A. Mundy has presented soloists and a chorus in concert. Mary E. Jones was the soprano soloist and Cleo Dickerson the pianist. G Marie Peck Johnson, T. Theodore Taylor and George Johnson—known as The Johnson-Taylor-Johnson Trio, are touring the East and South in concert. Mrs. Johnson is the soprano soloist, Mr. Taylor the pianist and Mr. Johnson the tenor. G The Williams Singers have appeared in a two-day concert in Louisville, Ky.~ EDUCATION IOTA CHAPTER, a graduate chapter of the Omega Psi Phi Fraternity, has been organized in Atlantic City, N. J.. George E. Brice is basileus. 78 THE HORIZON C. Francis C. Sumner, Ph. D., Clark University '20, has been appointed Professor of Psychology and Philosophy at Wilber-force University. C. Emily C. Charlton of Brooklyn, N. Y„ has been graduated from First Institute of Podiatry as an honor student; she has passed, the State Board of Medical Examiners. C. At the last session of the Mississippi Legislature the Board of Supervisors of Sunflower County had a special law passed allowing them to levy a 1 mill tax for Delta Industrial Institute, Inc., instead of the annual appropriation of $2,000; the new law gives the school an income of $22,500 a year. William F. Reden, a graduate of the State University of Iowa, is principal. C One hundred colored students have entered Ohio State University for the present semester; they are distributed in all departments. G. The Democratic school board at Wilmington, Del., dismissed Mrs. Alice Dunbar-Nelson, a teacher of English in Howard High School, because she attended a political meeting in the home of Senator Harding against the wishes of her principal, Ray Woo ten. C During the past 10 years the number of white school children in South Carolina has risen from 156,051 to 226,065, an increase of 70,014; the number of colored school children during this period increased from 184,364 to 251,980, an increase of 67,616. (L The State of Kentucky has fixed a minimum wage of $75 a month for school teachers, white and colored.. C At the colored Wendell Phillips High School, Chicago, a course of study in Negro history and literature has been installed with Willis N. Huggins as instructor. G. An institute on venereal disease control and social hygiene will be held in Washington, D. C, November 22-December 4, and an All-America conference, December 6-11. Information as to courses, etc., will be gladly furnished by the United States Public Health Service, Washington, D. C. C. At Howard University, Dwight O. W. Holmes has been elected Dean of the Teachers' College, succeeding Mr. L. B. Moore; Dudley D. Woodward, Dean of the Senior College, succeeding Carter G. Woodson; Dr. St. Elmo Brady is head of the Department of Chemistry and O. C. Thornton, instructor in the School of Finance; Dr. W. E. Morrison, a graduate of Tufts College, is football coach. d In Texas 113 colored high schools report an enrollment of 30,000; 34 have 4-year courses; 37 have 3-year courses; 19 have 2-year courses; 23 have one-year courses; 62 of the schools have libraries, with 15,000 volumes. G A Department of Commerce has been opened at Clark University under Prof. George Griswold, a graduate of Albion College. The course requires 2 years and is open to high school graduates who wish to become stenographers, accountants, secretaries and business managers. C Carnegie Hall has been dedicated at Morgan College, Baltimore. Its cost is $95,000. The late Mr. Carnegie gave $50,000 of this sum. (I Fannie Cobb Carter, for 9 years a member of the faculty of West Virginia Collegiate Institute, has resigned. C Fifty Negro students, 35 men and 15 women, are enrolled at the University of Iowa; at Iowa Agricultural College, 25 Negroes are enrolled, the largest number in the history of the school. d Dr. Walter B. Jerrick, a graduate of Lincoln University '13, and the University of Pennsylvania Medical School '18, has gone to Scotland to pursue a post-graduate course in medicine at the University of Edinburgh. POLITICS AT Cleveland, Tenn., the Negro nominee for Alderman, Dr. T. E. Stevens was elected over his white opponent by a 107-76 vote. While at Jellico, Tenn., Dr. Stevens served as a member of the city Board of Health. C. John C. Hawkins, a Negro in New York City, has been elected to the Assembly for his third term on the Republican ticket. C In St. Louis, Mo., 18,000 Negro men and 12,378 Negro women registered, a total of 30,378. In 1910 the Negro population was 44,541; it is now approximately 90,000. (I Mrs. Mary Seymour, a colored woman at Hartford, Conn., was a candidate for Congress on the Farmer-Labor ticket. C The following Negroes were elected members of the Legislature: Walthall M. Moore, Republican, St. Louis, Mo.; and Dr. W. G. Alexander, Republican, Orange, N. J. MEETINGS A PUBLIC reception has been tendered to Bishops Robert E. Jones and Matthew W. Clair at the Academy of Music, THE CRISIS Philadelphia. Bishops Jones and Clair are the first Negroes to attain the rank of bishops in the Methodist Episcopal Church. There have been several colored Missionary Bishops. C Hattie B. Marble, Doctor of Pharmacy at Yazoo City, Miss., has been elected for her second term as First Vice - President of the colored National Medical Association, which has 2,000 members. MISS MARBLE Miss Marble is the only woman who has presided at a meeting of the organization. C. The 17th annual conference of the Rhode Island Union of Colored Women's Clubs has convened at Union Congregational Church, Newport. Mrs. J. J, Robinson was elected president; Miss Mary Jackson and Mrs. Henrietta Armstrong were elected first and second honorary presidents. (I The 26th annual meeting of the Afro-American Presbyterian Council has been held at Capital Street Church, Harrisburg, Pa., of which the Rev. B. M. Ward is pastor. The Rev. L. F. Ellerson of 13th Avenue Church, Newark, N. J., was elected president, succeeding the Rev. C. B. Allen of Pittsburg. d The National Beauty Hair Cultun'sts League has held its first annual convention at Philadelphia. Mme. Estelle of New York is president. INDUSTRY A T Chapel Hill, N. C , the Progressive Manufacturing Company has been organized with an authorized capital stock of $50,000. The Rev. L. H. Hackney is president of the board of directors. d The entire stock of the colored First Standard Bank, Louisville, Ky., representing a capital and surplus of $110,000, has been sold in less than 5 months. (I Mr. J. T. Jackson, a real estate broker at Germantown, Pa., recently handled $84,000 worth of business in one week. (I Among achievements of Negroes at Columbus, Ohio, are the purchase of a $50,000 theatre and a $40,000 hospital. (I Tidewater Bank and Trust Company, Norfolk, Va., reports a paid-in capital stock of $100,000; surplus fund and undivided profits, $21,647; furniture and fixtures, $16,705; cash in vault and due from banks, $137,003; deposits, $437,178. (L The Mechanics and Farmers' Bank at Durham, N. C, reports $17,038 cash in vault; furniture and fixtures, $3,017; real estate, $537; capital stock paid in, $45,097; deposits (savings) $96,283; deposits (subject to check) $148,757. C A strike of 11,000 mine workers in Alabama has been in progress 6 months. John L. Lewis, International President of the United Mine Workers of America, has telegraphed to President Wilson urging that the Department of Justice institute legal proceedings to compel observance of the principle of collective bargaining and the protection of the civil rights. Many of the miners are colored. C. The Modern Savings and Trust Company has been organized at Pittsburgh, Pa., with a subscribed capital stock of $125,000. (I The Commercial Bank and Trust Company has been opened at Richmond, Va., as a $250,000 enterprise. Mr. Joseph Matthews is director and Mr. T. C. Erwin, president. (I Allie Williams, a Negro at Sioux City, Iowa, raises guinea pigs for the medical profession. He receives orders throughout the country. THE CHURCH IN a membership drive at First Congrega tional Church, Augusta, Ga., Mrs. S. S. Johnson reported 154 new members in 60 days. The Rev. C. S. Ledbetter is pastor. ([ El''°r W. H. Green reports 6000 colored members of the Seventh Day Adventist Church; during 1918-19 they raised $400, 000. Elder Green is secretary of the North American Negro Department with headquarters at Detroit, Mich, il Mt. Zion M. E. Church at Georgetown, D. C., has celebrated its 104th anniversary. The Rev. Albert Mitchell is pastor. CRIME THE following lynchings have taken place since our last record: Greenville, Ala., Oct. 14—Select Reid, shot; wounding foreman. Fremont, N. C , October 19—Norman Artis; peeping into woman's room while hired by the husband to do detective work. C Mr. P. H. Robinson of Jacksonville, Fla., informs us that THE CRISIS' record of the lynching of Hosey Poole at Pensacola, Fla., August 13, is an error; that Hosey killed his brother, was arrested, tried and convicted of first degree murder and hanged. THE HORIZON 8i SOCIAL PROGRESS ALICE WARD SMITH has been ap•* *• pointed a policewoman at Washington, D. C. Miss Smith is a colored graduate of the University of Washington, Seattle; she has served as headworker for Lincoln House, Glen Cove, L. I., and a special worker for the Henry Street Settlement in New York. C W. L. Houston, a Negro at Fort Scott, Kan., has been retained as attorney for the Order of Railroad Station Agents, a white organization. He is the first colored attorney to appear before the Interstate Commerce Commission. C In the competitive examination for nurses in the Department of Health, New York City, Miss Lavenia Moore headed the list of 100 applicants. The Misses Margaret Harris and Nellie Mosely were also successful competitors. G Mayme D. Turner at Philadelphia has been appointed Assistant Inspector of Housing and Sanitation in the Bureau of Health at a salary of $1300 per year. Miss Turner with an average of 80% stood first on the list of 7 candidates, including 5 men, and is the first colored woman appointee. C Since 1910 Mississippi's population of 1,789,182 has been decreased by 7,932 or 4%. This is attributed to the migration of Negroes. G J.Williams Clifford, formerly a Lieutenant of the 367th Infantry, 92nd Division A. E. F., has resigned his position as Special Representative of colored soldiers and sailors in the Bureau of War Risk Insurance, "because of continual limitations of my official duties by prejudiced southern white superiors." C Markers Carter, after 20 years' active service, has been transferred from Chief Gunner's Mate, U. S. N , to the Fleet Naval Reserve. The captain in commending Mr. Carter, who is a Negro, said: "Your record shows that you have committed no offense against law and discipline or failed to perform any duty assigned in a most efficient manner." G At Pine Bluff, Ark., 500 Negroes have been made homeless as a result of a fire. The damage is estimated at $300,000. G The Bar at Fort Smith, Ark., has ad mitted its first Negro lawyer, in the person of Attorney Edward D. Dobbins. G At Cleveland League Park, Ohio, Harry J. Walker, a Negro, was Official Announcer for the World Series baseball games. G Robert S. Lockett is the first Negro in New York to be appointed a mounted patrolman. G William E. Parsons, a Negro at Santa Fe., N. M., won second place in a statewide subscription contest for the Daily Neiv Mexican, a white paper, and was awarded a $1,200 Overland touring car. G Catherine B. Allen, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. W. F. Trotman of Brooklyn, N. Y., is the first colored woman to be appointed Assistant Librarian in the New York Public Library. Miss Allen received her library training at Howard University and has been assistant librarian at Tuskegee Institute. G Mrs. Powhatan Bagnall, a colored woman of Boston, Mass., has been appointed Field Worker for the United States interdepartmental Social Hygiene Board. G From January 14-July 20 the Citizens' Defense Fund of Little Rock, Ark., raised $10,426 to defend the 12 Negroes convicted in connection with the riot at Elaine. Of this sum $6,100 has been spent in attorney fees and the remainder in cost and attendant expenses. This money was in addition to the expenditures of the N. A. A. C. P. Mr. J. G. Thornton is chairman of the commission. G Mr. Sol T. Plaatje, author of "Native Life in South Africa" and editor of a newspaper, has sailed for Montreal, Canada, in connection with the work of the World Brotherhood Congress; he will visit the United States. C Members of the Sulgrave Institute have visited Hampton Institute as a part of their itinerary arranged in celebration of the first American Legislative Assembly, which was held at Jamestown, in July, 1619. Lord Rathcreedan, the spokesman, paid warm tribute to Hampton. G Secretary Daniels has appointed a Court of Inquiry to investigate in Haiti charges made in connection with the American Occupation. C The Negro Commission of Missouri appointed by Governor Gardner for the betterment of industrial, educational, housing, home life, health and living conditions, has offices in the State Capital. Mr. R. S. Cobb is secretary of the Commission. G Twenty colored women have been called from various parts of the country to attend the third Extension Training Course for colored Y. W. C. A. secretaries. 82 THE G At St. Louis, Mo., two colored city detectives, Addison Logan and William Crockett, have been awarded bronze medals tor honorable service. C The following awards have been made in the N. A. A. C. P. lynching essay contest: First prize, $50—Arthur Williams of Lincoln University; second prize, $30—Lorimer Milton of Brown University; third prize, $20—Donald B. Goodloe of Howard Uni versity. PERSONAL THE marriage is announced of Miss Eva V. Clay, teacher of child hygiene for the Board of Health at Newark, N. J., to Mr. George H. Faulk, State Superintendent of the American Workmen's Insurance Company of Washington, D. C. Miss Clay served as a Red Cross nurse at Camp Grant, 111., and is a graduate of Freedmen's Hospital. d Mr. and Mrs. Joseph M. Abbott of Spout Springs, Appomattox County, Va., have been married 45 years; they are the parents of 15 children. MR. AND MRS. JOSEPH M. ABBOTT G Mrs. Anna Pitts Clifton at Atlanta, Ga., has given birth to her 24th child; 8 of the children are alive. Mrs. Clifton is 54 years of age and her husband, Charles Clifton, 57. C Dr. J. Hee'.ey Barber, a graduate of Meharry Medical College, is dead at Atlanta, Ga., where he had practised for the past 14 years. C The remains of the late Sergeant Peter Defour who died at Brest, as a member of the Medical Detachment A. E. F., has arrived at Trinidad, B. W. I., his home, where a military burial was held, d Mrs. Anna Tubman at Philadelphia, Pa., is the mother of 18 living children. Mrs. Tubman, who is 43 years of age, has been married 29 years. CRISIS NATIONAL URBAN LEAGUE SIXTY-SEVEN organizations,representing 29 of the largest cities, were represented at the National Urban League's Annual Conference held in Newark, October 20-23. Urban League executives from 25 cities were in attendance. The reports indicate: Permanent general improvement in health among Negroes; that the industrial position of the Negro worker while serious on account of increased migration from Europe and slowing up in certain industries shows no cause for alarm as concerns the Negro; that racial co-operation which developed during the war is on the increase; that southern Negroes are steadily coming northward, d The Industrial Department of the New Jersey Urban League placed last month a gang of colored workmen under their own foreman with the Standard Oil Company at Rahway, N. J. d The New York Urban League provided convalescence and fresh air outings for 305 persons last summer. The pre-natal clinic opened in Harlem in July has advised in 876 cases of expectant mothers. The League was instrumental in securing to colored dining car employees a wage increase as allotted to other railroad employees by the U. S. Wage and Adjustment Board. New openings for employment were made with the United Chemical Company and the Schlesinger Toy Factory. d The Cleveland organization's report for the fiscal year ending October 1, shows the placing of six personnel workers in plants and the employment of eight colored foremen who had been trained in the school for foremen inaugurated by William Conners, Executive Secretary. In co-operation with the Cuyahoga Farm Bureau and the Farm Department of the city, Negroes are being placed on farms as workers, tenants and owners. Surplus labor is being distributed in nearby towns. Four thousand workers were placed with 992 in skilled positions. The Department of Economics shows 2,162 families visited and 164 new bank accounts opened. d The League during the past nine years has made 64,452 placements of Negro workers in positions not before held by them, d Frayser T. Lane, of the Chicago Urban League, and Assistant Director of the Community Service, has been appointed Executive Secretary of the newly organized Kansas City Urban League. TH E CRISIS CI Maurice Moss, 1920 Fellow of the National Urban League at the New York School of Social Work, has been appointed Director of the Frederick Douglass Boys' Club of Toledo, Ohio. 0 Fellowships for the year 1920-1921 have been granted by the National Urban League to William A. Daniels at the Graduate School of Social Administration, Chicago University; Ruth W. Howard at the School for Social Workers, Boston, Mass.; and Phila A. McGillery at the Pennsylvania School of Social Service, Philadelphia. FOREIGN THE Conference of Africans from British dependencies has met and sent a deputation to London. Resolutions passed by the conference are: "That this conference views with great disfavor the propaganda of the Empire Resources Development Committee with respect to the British West African Colonies, and is strongly of the opinion that the natural resources of the British West African dependencies are not for the exploitation of concessionaries under State control." Other resolutions passed dealt with the palm kernels export duty, which the conference pledged itself to endeavor to repeal; with judicial reforms, particularly deploring the modifications in British West Africa of the right to trial by jury, and protesting against the denial of the right to representation by Counsel in the Provincial Courts; with the flogging of women, which the conference wholly condemned as a barbarous practice for any offence whatever. (I The Building Workers' International Union in East London, South Africa, has opposed the introduction of a rate of 1 shilling 3 pence for colored workers and 1 shilling 9 pence for white workers, and demanded a flat rate of 1 shilling 6 pence for all workers. C Lord Sinha, Indian Under-Secretary for India, has resigned at London, England, and been succeeded by the white Earl of Lytton. Lord Sinha and other Indian leaders insisted upon the appointment of Secretary Montagne as Viceroy of India because of his firm stand in condemning the Amrit sar massacre and other repressive measures in India; the appointment was refused. C A law dated March 17, 1920, provides for the organization in Paris in 1925 of an Interallied Colonial Exposition and for the building of a permanent colonial museum. ADVERTISER PARENTS and TEACHERS Is it a CHRISTMAS Gift to Your Children ? Then why not a Year's Subscription to THE BROWNIES'BOOK A monthly magazine designed especially for our children which attempts to bring to them : /. The best in pictures and stories of Negro life. 2.	 The life and deeds of famous men and women of the Negro race. J.	 The current events of the world told in beautiful language which children can understand. THE BROWNIES' BOOK has appeared monthly since the January, 1920, issue. Its circulation is still less than 5,000 copies per month. In order to keep the magazine at its present high standard—as wc are determined to do—we must have at once 12,000 subscribers. Won't you help us now to reach that figure? If each person reading this page will send us just one paid-up yearly subscription to THE BROWNIES' BOOK —or tzvo subscriptions if you prefer— the	 future of the magazine is secure. SPECIAL OFFER: Five paid-up vearly subscriptions to the BROWNIES' BOOK sent in at one time will entitle the sender to a year's subscription free. This offer holds good until midnight of December 31, 1920. 15 Cents per copy $1.50 per year Agents Wanted Subscribers Wanted Sample copies sent on request. DuBois and Dill, Publishers 2 West 13th St. NEW YORK, N. Y. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER "JUST THE PLACE FOR YOUR GIRL" Daytona Normal and Industrial Institute for Negro GirU, Daytona, Fla. Beautiful location, ideal home life, fine, modern equipment. Courses include Kindergarten, Primary, Grammar, High, Normal, Vocational. Nurse Training at McLeod Hospital a specialty. Terms reasonable. Send for Catalog. MARY McLEOD BETHUNE, --Principal. 30-DAY SYSTEM Positions Secured DERRICK BUSINESS SCHOOL The School of Results The Only One of Its Kind SHORTHAND TOUCH TYPEWRITING BOOK-KEEPING OFFICE TRAINING We are now in OUR OWN NEW BUILDING. Spacious class room* equipped with every modern office device. Derrick Students learn quickly and earn while they are learning. ENROLL IMMEDIATELY TO INSURE Class PLACEMENT COMFORTABLE DORMITORIES FOR YOUNG WOMEN Write for Catalog 14—Full information of Fall Term. 1514 PINE ST., PHILADELPHIA, PA. M. J. DERRICK, Prin. &amp; Mgr. The Stenographers' Institute Shorthand. Typewriting, Bookkeeping. Commercial Law Edward T. Duncan. Pres.. 1227 S. 17th St., Phila, Pa. A MONEY GETTER because It Is A CROWD GETTER. Churches and Clubs looking for a play that will afford an evening of Side-Splitting Fun, should have The Slabtown Convention An entertainment In one act; full of wit %nd good humor. Scores of churches have cleared from One to Two Hundred Dollars In One Night PRICE, 50c MISS NANNIE H. BURROUGHS, Author Lincoln Heights, Washington. D. r. GENUINE $12.00 IMPORTED C^fi O VELOUR HAT 0= Delivered Free BECOMINGTO YOUNG AND OLD Write quick this amazing bar gain. Only limited lot. Wonderful qual " 'mpurtedveloor, rd-breakinff cat Just send address and size for this SEND NO MONEY wonderful ported genuine black veloor hat. Beautiful fedora style. Flexible brim. Can be turned up or down. Made of the finest quality, very silky, imported black velour. Fine wide grosgrain black silk ribbon band. Genuine leather, non-soilable sweat band. A hat von can wear, season after season, for years. Don't Send a Penny—Pay only S6.S9 C. O. D. We pny delivery charjres. We Guarantee to refund your money immediately, if you Can match it for less than 312.00. Save Money—Write Today before this astounding offer is withdrawn. He sure to give size. BERNARD-HEWITT &amp; COMPANY DEPT H 044 900 W. VAN BUREN ST., CHICAGO, ILL. Atlanta U niversity Studies of the Negro Problems 20 Monographs Sold Separately Addreas ATLANTA UNIVERSITY CONFERENCE ATLANTA UNIVERSITY n ATLANTA GA TWO GREAT BOOKS for $2.50 NO LIBRARY COMPLETE WITHOUT THEM (1)	 The History of the Negro Race and Negro Soldiers In the Spanish-American War, Dating Back to Egypt and the Pharoas—4U0 pages, 60 illustrations. (Retails alone for $1.25.) Was adopted as a textbook by North Carolina State Board of Education. (2)	 The Pictorial History of the Negro in the Great World War, giving a brilliant historical sketch, a description of battle scenes by Colonel Haywood of the Fighting Fifteenth New York, Capt. Marshall, Sergeant Steptoe, Ralph Tyler and others, with 150 excellent pictures of officers and men and war views. (Sells alone for $2.00.) Just Think, only $2.50 for these two great books. Agents wanted everywhere, large commissions paid ADDRESSi E. A. JOHNSON, 17 Wemt 132nd Street, New York, N.Y. Mention T HE Cum THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 1920 The Southern Aid Society of Va., Inc., has striven during 1920, as always heretofore, to render to its policyholders a superior service during sickness, accidents and the dark hour of death. As a result of its efforts to keep faith with the people, the society has done a larger and more satisfactory business during 1920 than ever before. Therefore at this joyous season of the year we first give thanks to Him from whom Cometh all good things; then to the good people who have so willingly and consistently entrusted to our care and keeping the sacred duty of protecting their firesides in the time of sickness, accidents and death; and last, but not least, to that band of ever faithful co-workers—our officers, superintendents, agents and clerks—for their loyal devotion to the interests of both the policyholders and the Society. The success of 1920 inspires and prepares us for bigger and better service during 1921. If you live in Virginia—you should have the superior protection provided only by the unmatched policy of the SOUTHERN AID SOCIETY OF VA., INC. Home Office: 520 N. Second Street RICHMOND, VA. District Offices and Agencies Throughout the State OFFICERS AND EOARD OF DIRECTORS A. D. PRICE, Pres. B. A. CEPHAS, 3rd Vicc-EDW. STEWART, 1st A. WASHINGTON Pres. W.	 E. BAKER, Treas. Vice-Pres. C. N. JACKSON B. L. JORDAN, Sec. JAS. T. CARTER, 2nd W. E. RANDOLPH W.	 A. JORDAN, Asst. Sec. Vice-Pres. &amp; Atty. Mention T HE CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER soothing the after-smart of shaving N~ Madam C.J. Walkers Witch Hazel Jelly &lt;fl A sharp razor and good lather are not enough to prevent a tingling smartness after the morning shave. «]j An application of Madam Walker's Witch Hazel Jelly soothes the skin, prevents chap and assures comfort after shaving. 35 centi of Agents and Druggists Made by the Mme.C. J.Walker Mfe. Co. 640NorthWest St.. Indianapolis. Ind Mention T HE C RISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 87 The R. G. Doggett Amusement Corporation, Inc. will present The Bramhall Players and a superb cast of black and white players in "JUSTICE" A Drama of Race, Love and Law IN THREE ACTS and "THE FATHER'S SONS" A Peace of Killing Both by BUTLER DAVENPORT at the LAFAYETTE THEATRE 7th Avenue, between 131st and 132c! Streets, New York, N. Y. THE WEEK OF NOVEMBER 29 "Justice" is a big, powerful, virile drama of tolerance toward the individual, appealing to every lover of humanity. "Uncle Tom's Cabin" went far to free the Negro's body from bond age; "Justice" will go far to liberate the white man's mind from prejudice. "I think, my friends, you are guilty of a great wrong against God and humanity. This Negro question is still to be settled." These words are as true today as when spoken by John Brown—and this drama of "Justice" shows the way to solve this problem of the color line. :-: Comments :-: "Justice" is a great play. It is ten years ahead of its time.—Lee Shubert, Manager. "Justice" is the most panoramic play I have heard. It seemed as if I saw the people as you read it. It is five years ahead of its time.— Henry Miller, Actor-Manager and Co-Star with Blanche Bates in "The Famous Mrs. Fair." "Justice" is a great play. It should be played at once, but won't be in the condition our theatre is in today.—Emma Goldman, Author- Lecturer. The Corporation has arranged also to present Mr. Davenport in readings from "Justice" and other plays for Clubs and Literary Societies. For information regarding the above attractions, address— R. G. DOGGETT 302 West 137th Street New York, N. Y. MENTION T HE C RISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER MISS MADELINE ALLISON SHOPPER r^r^r; • Would you not like to do your Christmas shopping in New York City? Miss Allison is a colored business woman, horn in New York and thoroughly familiar with its shops. If you will write her of your wants, she will send you descriptions and prices by return mail. Meantime, here are a few suggestions: Stationery- Assorted colors, white, pink, blue, lavender; high grade linen finished stock; ribbon tied; 46 envelopes, 24 sheets of paper and 24 correspondence cards . . . 8Q cents per box and up. White linen cloth finished paper; _ 84 sheets of paper and 84 envelopes; ribbon tied. $4.68 per box. FOUNTAIN PENS Made of pure para rubber; 14 karat solid gold diamond point pen; full chased barrel, 88 cents each and up. Sterling Silver filigree pen; the silver is inlaid over the vulcanite; space is re served on barrel for engraving name of owner, $6,17 each. WATCH FOBS Attractive silk watch fob with gold plated charm, 60 cents each and up. All metal fob 14 karat gold plated, braided links witb C1AST&gt; gUir^-nont which holds chain in position; ornamented with buckle and charm that can be , engraved, $2.54 each. Toilet and Manicure Sets 3 piece French ivory toilet set in hinged case, sateen lined; contains hand mirror with 4J^ inch beveled glass, flat back hair brush with 9 rows of bristles and a dressing comb. $7,47 per set and up. 7 piece combination toilet set of grained ivory in lined cabinet; contains nail file, cuticle pusher, 3 inch handle dressing comb, hair brush. 9 rows of bristles, mirror with llA inch beveled glass, nail buffer, glass salve jar. $6.96 per set and up. Gold plated eutt links Cuff Links 	with stone settings; finely embossed strong post, lever Hand Bags ends. 56 cents per Chiffon velvet hand bags pair and up. Solid gold cuff links, set with silk chenille taswith diamonds; good, sel; silver polish frame; heavy weight; Roman finish. $5.00 per silver chain handle, fan pair. Combination set cy liuingr extra inside —gold plated scarf frame pocket; hanging pin and sleeve button set, stone settings, mirror; colors — navy, 64 cents per set and taupe arid brown. $3.32 up. each and up. MISS MADELINE ALLISON Room 622, 70 Fifth Avenue 	NEW YORK, N. Y. (Refers by permission to the Editor of the Crisis.) Mention TH E CBISIB. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 89 MUSIC IN THE HOME PUTS SUNSHINE IN THE HEART Standard Songs Which Should be in Every Repertoire THE ROUGH, ROCKY ROAD ("MBBiTO Bv W. C. HANDY A beautiful spiritual with a heart-throb in every note, with a new arrangement "by one of America's foremost composers. PRICE 40c. THINKING OF THEE A LITTLE SONG Hy HARRY II. PACE PRICE 20c. For little tots and school children. PRICE 30c. A ballad par-excellent. Just what the name implies. PICKANINNY ROSE PRICE 30c. A wonderfully melodious mother croon. A Lullaby. The sweetest song on Broadway. AFRO-AMERICAN HYMN SPHINX By li\ C. HANDY flv J. BERN I BARBOUR A soul-stirring, martial hymn of beauty. Special PRICE 30c. An Egyptian,. Intermezzo. Prices in lots to Choirs and Schools. WE CAN SUPPLY YOU WITH ALL THE LATEST SHEET MUSIC WHY DID YOU MAKE A PLAYTHING OF ME? By J. BERN1 BARBOUR PRICE 15c. A "Good Bye" appeal of a lover. Beautiful lyrics and wonderful music. A masterpiece of musical composition. LONG GONE ST. LOUIS BLUES PRICE 15c. Another 'Casey Jones" or "SteamPRICE 30c. Sung by Marion Harris on Colum boat Bill". Sung by Marion Harris on Columbia bia Record. It's great. Record. THAT THING CALLED LOVE PRICE 30c. Sung by Mamie Smith on Okeh Record. The first colored girl to make a record of a popular song, and it's a wonderful record. Two Great Columbia Records by BEALE ST. BLUES BERT WILLIAMS PRICE 30c. Always a favorite. On all Player "IT'S YOUR MOVE NOW" u„dRolls and Phonograph Records. "O DEATH, WHERE IS THY STING V' THINK OF ME LITTLE DADDY By MISS ALUl.i'&lt;TA WHITMAN PRICE 15c. A soni; brimful of life. Recorded by Sweatman's Orchestra on Columbia Record. OUR MUSIC IS OX ALL PHONOGRAPH RECORDS AND PLAYER ROLLS We ran fill vour orders for Player Rolls. Our music mav be had wherever sheet music is sold, and at the music counters of Woo'.worth, Kress, Kresge. McCrory. Metropolitan and National Stores, or direct from the Publishers. N. B.—If it is Sheet Music vou want we ran supply you. If we don't publish it we will get it tor you. PACE &amp; HANDY MUSIC CO., Inc. ' PACE h HANDY BUILDING) 232 W. 46th Street Dept. C New York, N, Y. Mention THE CRISIS. THE CRISIS 90 Cleota J. Collins Lyric Soprano ''Judging from the appearance of a large number of music lovers, her sweet lyric voice held them spellbound. She was applauded again and again after each number."— Boston Chronicle. Address: 156 HAMILTON AVENUE, COLUMBUS, OHIO LULA ROBINSON-JONES Soprano Available for Concerts Telephone 6393 Morningiide 174 W. 136th Street New York, N. Y. JOSEPHINE A. JUNIUS CONTRALTO "Miss Junius is the possessor of a Contralto voice, lovely in quality, which she uses artistically."—Oscar Saenger. Address 74 W. 142d ST. NEW YORK, N. Y. Clarence Cameron White Violinist Recitals, Concerts, Instruction Studio: 616 Columbus Avenue Boston, Mass. E. ALDAMA JACKSON Graduate of Institute of Musical Art Organist-Director of Music of St. Marks M. E. Church; Concert Accompanist; Piano, Voice, Theory, Instruction, Conducting, Coaching. Harmony taught from beginning to com pletion. Private or correspondence. Geothius system. Studio: 250 W. 138th St., New York, N. Y. Telephone Morningside 1708. The Colored Teachers'Bureau Will Help You Get a Better Paying Position. REGISTER NOW SEASONABLE TERMS Address: Colored Teachers' Bureau Box 22, Wilberforce, 0. Badges, Banners, Lodge Regalia For all Lodge and Church Societies CENTRAL REGALIA CO. JOS. L. JONES, Pr... N. E. Car. 8th and Plum Su., Cineioniti, Obi* Mention TH E ADVERTISER LUC DORSINVILLE &amp; CO. MANUFACTURERS' AGENTS IMPORTERS AND EXPORTERS PORT AU PRINCE, HAITI EXPORT: IMPORT: COFFEE FLOUR COCOA SOAP CASTOR BEANS HARDWARE LIGNUM VITAE MAHOGANY DRY GOODS LOG WOOD COTTON FABRICS COTTON FURNITURE COCOANUT PAINTS Colored American business men desiring to transact business between Haiti and the United States of America, are cordially invited to communicate with us. WANTED WANTED Live Agents At Once To Sell DUDLEY'S FAMOUS AUTO POLISH for furniture, pianos, church pews, hardwood floors and hundreds of other things that have a varnished surface. Makes them look like new. Agents can make $50.00 to $75.00 per week selling Dudley's Polish to furniture dealers, drug stores, hardware stores, churches, housekeepers, automobile stores, paint stores and grocery stores. Special Offer: For 90 days we will ship to all new agents $10.00 worth of Dudley's Polish for $5.00. Take advantage of this special offer at once. Dudley &amp; Porter Manufacturing Co. 11S South Main St., Muskogee, Okla. Tmlephonm, Baring T7$4 ISADORE MARTIN Real Estate and Insurance Notary Public Mortgage* 6 North 42nd Street, Philadelphia, Pa. Tel. 6487 Fort Hill Cable Address, Epben EDGAR P BENJAMIN ATTOBNEY AND COUNSELLOR-AT-LAW 34 School Street Boston, Mass. LIVE IN CALIFORNIA Colored People, Attention! $50.00 cash will start you owning a home in Southern California. No Jim-Crowism—no separate schools—an opportunity to live as a man. Write today for FREE INFORMATION. BOOKERTEE INVESTMENT CO. 1718 W. Jefferson St., Los Angeles, Cal. Alf^T €\\\tf*HL Snapupthisprofitsmoshing Zr^f* M bargain now. SEND NO ON « « 3uBt your name, address, size and color. We will send you delivery charges paid. 6 pairs of tneewellest heavy weight brown or blaok genuine duc-web mens' silk socks, worth $1.00 eaoh. SEND NO MONEY Yon pay S3.19 on arrival, delivery chat-pea paid, | Pairs o! Silk Socks — Guar. $6 Value Don't wait. Got at FOOTS today. Limited quantity left. Only 6- pain  ...lira to a customer. Money cheer-, fully refunded if you can match them for S6. BERNARD, HEWITT &amp; CO. Dept. L 344 CHICAGO CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER THE MOST ATTRACTIVE LOT OFFER EVER MADE! Excellent Lots, Developed Under New Plan, with Fruit Trees Planted on them, in Beautiful ORCHARDVILLE FOR ON VERY ONLY EASY TERMS $56 PEOPLE FROM ALL OVER THE COUNTRY ARE SECURING THESE LOTS AND THE DEMAND FOR THEM IS INCREASING B Y LEAPS AND BOUNDS. If you want any you must ACT QUICKLY: Orchardville is located in a high grade fruit growing region and is to be developed into a BEAUTIFUL FRUIT CITY. Each lot will have FIVE HIGH GRADE FRUIT TREES PLANTED ON IT, also a beautiful shade tree, which will be cultivated and taken care of by us for FOUR YEARS WITHOUT EXTRA COST TO YOU. When the fruit trees come into commercial bearing they should earn you EXCELLENT YEARLY RETURNS ON YOUR INVESTMENT WITHOUT ANY EFFORT ON YOUR PART. The lots are sized 3 0 x 14 4 feet, and have plenty of room for a house, garden, chicken yard, shed, etc., besides the room taken up by the fruit trees. EACH LOT IS GUARANTEED TO BE HIGH AND DRY UNDER A MONEY-BACK GUARANTEE, and the title to the property is absolutely clear. The price of the lots is only $56, as stated above, and the terms are only $3.00 a month. Smaller terms when more than one lot is purchased. NO INTEREST. We have a beautiful booklet that gives all the particulars of this offer, and that explains how to secure your lots. Send for one TODAY. Simply write your name and address on the coupon attached below and mail it to us RIGHT AWAY. The number of lots is LIMITED and they are GOING FAST, which makes it a case of FIRST COME—FIRST SERVED. Arenson Realty Development Corporation 19 S. La Salle Street CHICAGO, ILL. ~~7~ I •I Arenso n Realt y Chicago , 111, Developmen t Corp . Date 192 1 I J Gentlemen:— I a m intereste d i n you r Orchardvill e offe r an d woul d lik e t o receiv e on e o f I I you r booklet s withou t obligatio n t o me . | I Nome Address ] ! . 7o« m State. I I CRI-12-20 Mention THE CRISIS. THE CRISIS Q HOLIDAY SUGGESTIONS The 1921 CRISIS Calendar will be in keeping with our high standards of past years, It will contain excerpts from the works of foremost Negro authors—an artistic and valuable reminder "As the Days of the Year Go By" Price 50 Cents Ready December 15 SPECIAL OFFER A copy of the 1921 CRISIS Calendar will he sent free to any person sending us AT ONE TIME three (3) paid-up yearly subscriptions to the CRISIS on or beforo December, 24, 1920. SEVEN GIFT BOOKS (Postage Extra) Souls ot Black Folk. (W. E. B. DuBois) $1.50 History of the Negro. &lt;B. G. Brawley) 2.00 Darkwater. (W. E. B. DuBois) 2.00 The Shadow. (Mary White Ovington) 2.00 The Negro Faces America. (Herbert J. Selig mann) 1.75 Poems of Paul Laurence Dunbar 2.50 The Negro. (W. E. B. DuBois) 90 Address The CRISIS 70 Fifth Avenue New York, N. Y. Phonograph Records oi our Foremost Artists An Appreciated Christmas Gift "Go Down Moses," sung "by Harry T. Burleigh; "Villianelle," sung by Florence Cole-Talbert; "Cradle Song," played by Clarence C. White, $1.25 each and 25c for mailing, packing and insurance, Also a record of the Atlanta speech by Booker T. Washington, $1.50 each and 25c. for mailing, etc. BROOME SPECIAL PHONOGRAPH RECORDS 23 Clayton Ave., Medford, Mass. Another set of rro'i'd' coming out next month, unite for circular. RATIONAL LIVING Editor: BENZION LIBER, M.D., D.P.H. 11e:i11h Conservation—Social Hygiene—Industrial Hygiene—Personal and Intimate Hygiene—Child Hygiene—Plain, Drugless Treatment of Disease—Birth Control—All Truths from all Medical Schools—Fighting Dishonesty in the Healing Professions—Answers to Subscribers' Question's—Art—Freedom in the Bringing Up of Children—Vegetarianism-Fighting Superstition. Rational Living is an independent illustrated monthly devoted to the teaching of rational methods of living, an educational guide for manual and mental workers. It is not sensational. It lias in view the plain, ordinary people, and 'not the extra-oratnarjathlete. It is scientific, but popular. It saves you money. The December Issue of Rational Living Is Out It contains^ among many other articles: Dr. Marie Stopes, of England, on Birth Control; Influenza;Labor and Industrial Hygiene; Women in the Textile Industry; Food andthe Child. The January issue will contain a large number of interesting and educational articles. Here are buta few: Fighting Disease in Soviet Russia; Fxercise,Good and Bad: Water as a Remedy; Labor and Health; Stammering; the Breakfast; Pictures b&gt; Renoir andVan Gogh. 40 cents a copy. $4 a year in U. S. value. Corresponding rates for shorter periods. No free sample copies. Address CI Hamilton Place, New1 York, N. Y. ADVERTISER S atrmcnt of the Ownership, Management, Circulation, etc., required by the Art of Congn ss uf August U4. .912, nf (ho CRISIS, published monthly at 70 F.ftli Avenue, New York, N. Y., for October 1. 1920. State of New York Luunty of New York Before me, a Notary Publie in and for the State and county aforesaid, personally appeared Augustus •^lanville Dill, who, having been d..ly sworn accord.ng to law, deposes and says that lie is the Business .Manager of the CRISIS and tllii, the following is, to the best of h s knowledge and behef, a true statement of the ownership, management, etc., of the aforesaid publication for the date shown in he above caption, lequ.red by the Act, of August 24, 1912, embodied In section 443, Postal Laws and Regulations: Publisher: The Nat'onal Association for the Advancement of Colored People, 70 Fifth Avenue, New York. N.	 Y. Editor: W. E. Burghardt DuBois, 70 Fifth Avenue, New York, N. Y. Managing Editor: W. E. Burghardt DuBois, 70 Fifth Avenue, New York, N. Y. Business Manager: Augustus Granville Dill, 70 Fifth Avenue, New York, N. Y. Owners: The National Assoc'ation for the Advancement of Colored People, a corporation with no stoc't; membership over 90,000. Moorfield Storey, President, .Tames Weldon Johnson, Acting Secretary. Joel E. Spingam, Treasurer. Mary White Ovington. Chairman Board of Directors. Known bondholders, mortgagees and other security holders owning or holding 1 per cent or more of total amount of bonds, mortgages or other securities: None. AUGUSTUS GRANVILLE DILL. Business Manager. Sworn to and subscribed before me this 29th day of September, 1920. FRANK	 M. TURNER, Notary Public, Queens County No. 754. Certificate filed in New York County No. 164. New, York Register No. 2122. (My commission expires March 30, 1922.) For the most valuable books dealing with the Negro Problem Address The CRISIS Send No Money! f Ol)ly fill 5 ° r *™ finest quality, beautiful patterns -Sent !n ^i,So3 "^f ^ regular$3.60 madras dress shirts,$7.O0value inVst nnnfiPv ° J?onjy madvance, payable C. O. D. ikade of the Till riral! n™i°T Madras, very durable, very dressy, cut tfro, Eof lulls finer/r^Xff^hSle\,coa.-.;tS^-' ^nch turn back a le trin«X* |55,S dK, B&lt;?&lt;*hed.finestworkmanship. In latest stri 3 ,&lt;fas t Se haX-round Sizll ft ftS.""S? ? lac k «*»» &lt;»&gt; "^te j^Kruuna. sizes to 17*5. State size and color preferred. e " 6 Guarantee !2,r, elr" W"; "oner In foil. If yon can match these SendnoMonev.juatyournam? #n"»h«r« for Jess than 13.60 each, a°d "hiD 0,lce charges crewiS: 1Pay 2n"/K69 on SSit^? "I ^J.»'. &lt;Mi»«T ERNAR E 49 O.P..S04 B ?i Hw. W^!??,^ Mention T he C risis. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER MADE to MEASURE EXPRESS OR POSTAGE PREPAID This offer is one of the biggest, most generous ever made by any tailoring house. It's your one big opportunity to get a finely tail-ored-to-measure 2-piece suit with box back, superbly trimmed and cut in the latest city style for only $15.00. WE'RE OUT T O BEAT HIGH TAILORING PRICES Your own local tailor couldn't and wouldn't make youa suit for $15.00, let alone supply the cloth, linings and trimmings. Why not save 50% on your next suit? We have such a tremendous business, buy all our materials in such large quantities and have such a perfect organization that we can make these wonderful prices—and remember we guarantee style, fit and workmanship or your money back. You Save59to$J5 This suit for $15.00 clearly proves our supremacy in the tailoring field. We offer dozens of equally good values. Let's tell C «nL ft..tf'.l CDCC A you about them. We would rather you did |J|g odUiPlO UUlTIT Mit t not send us any money until we send our ° ~ Write us today and we will mail you absolutely FREE our beautifully illustrated pattern book showing dozens of the latest city styles and designs, also many large size cloth samples to choose from. You will be simply thunderstruck at the exceptional values we are offering this year. Don't delay; we urge you to act quick; today! THE PROGRESS TAILORING CO. Dept. 601 CHICAGO Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 04 OUR LATEST CATALOG WILL BE MAILED TO YOU UPON REQUEST We are positively the only Manufacturers of HUMAN HAIR GOODS who specialize and cater direct to the Colored People. Our Wigs, Switches, Transformations, Bobs and Braids are strictly handmade—of the finest qualities of real Human Hair Goods and manufactured under the supervision of MME . BAUM. by the most skillful artists in the a trade. e s Try Mme. Baum's Celebrated Scalp and Face Preparations which are made x &lt; of the finest ingredients and are the most satisfying to the person using h&lt; them* o e ib u H S AGENTS Agcnls and Dealer; Co.. 97 South St.. We Mme. Baum's Bob gives the appearance of wearing the hair bobbed, but makes cutting unnecessary. M ad o of strictly Supremo Quality human hair, with natural MAIL ORDER HOUSE Wanted. Free Catalog. Jamaica, N. Y. waves, sewed on Velvet Ribbon, fitted with three tuck Combs to hold secure. In all shades. Price. $5.50. 80 EARN S&gt;75 00 A WEEK Selling uiir Enlarged Photo Me dallions, Photo Cuff Button photo Lockets, Photo Watcl Charms, Photo Breast Pins, Photo Clocks aiu •opy from a n y Photograph and Return Your Original Photo. Ageti s" Enlargeti Samples *25c. Pictures and Pos Negro Books. cnts. mm Cards. Proiupi shipi Bethel Art SEND NO MONEY Write quick for this amazing sock bargain. Only limited lot. Men's fine quality black or gray wool socks. Full seamless, double sole, toe and heel. Guaranteed wear-proof. PAIR OF GUARANTEED &lt; $1.00 WOOL SOCKS « Guaranteed Six Months SEND NO MONEY— write quick. Socks sent delivery charges paid. Pay$3on arrival, nomore. Money back not more than pleased. Give size, color, BERNARD, HEWITT 8 CO. Dept. X 044 Chicago Agents $85 Weekly Get a Robinson Folding Bath Tub FREE Big sellor. Cost little, no plumbing. Weight 16 pounds, foIdsJntoHmall roll. Kull lenirth baths, fur better than tin tuba. Guaranteed 10 years. $16b&gt; J20 a day oasily made. Write quick f"i&gt;rnpociul offer. Robinson Cabinet Mfg. Co., 15 Factories Dldg., Toledo, O WANTED Agents for THE CRISIS, Dignified Work 70 Fifth Avenue, New York H PI carry the largest selection of Hair •* dressers' Tools and Accessories. O X o r o MME. BAUM'S &gt; Our Factory is Located at FOURTH AVE. NEW YORK, N. V. When writing, mention this paper. SendNoMoney!] Two wonderful $4.00 shirts for only $5.25. &amp; lea™ fwlf^r $2.75. Everybody wearing these semi- dress Gray Flannel Shirts for business, work and sport. Cadillac Broadcloth Flannel Shirts Two $4.00 Shirts for Only $5.25 K,?nl°w%e """"fy Cadillac Brnndolnth Gray Flannel, Bht i.)ne '" rl? e n ,,,.V,L ?^SV?!  P"''ket. '»oed sleeve« mid ttcms Cut Ex,ra Fu c l™, SSfsK"i? S"., -"-&lt;"« F"&gt;nt Stylo. K™*'' 11? thru-ont. Snftturndown collar with an teen 'hStalnSSSSS?;. .T h„S,0i,gn, y ?, h™nk. Try to mntch these BMrta in any store at $4.00. Ye t wo offer you two for only $5.25. Send No Monev Wril° *•*•»• SMrt. &gt;n b« «t $6 ^5 on nrriiml n„ . ne". trane.portaii..n prepaid. Pay only k at withi the 2 2 "T • ?!"ncy on bi"' .  °™« 'f not moVo than pleased with tho wonderful value. Bo auro to n-ivo neck-band size. BERNARD-HEWITT S CO. 900 w. Van Bursa St.. CHICAGO Mention The C risis. THE CRISIS Patti's XttiaS Suggestions Send $2.50 and postage for A PERFECTLY MARVELOUS SKIN TOILETTES Or $2.25 for Patti's Columbia Record Bleaching, Vanishing and Cold Cream. Also "La Traviata" Powder, 68 cents each. "Patti's Special" Perfume, $1.25 an ounce. Send 10c postage for mailing one article. 2c each additional. $5.00 for 6 Toilettes and Patti's Beauty Secrets BIG MONEY FOR AGENTS WRITE QUICK ! ! Send All Money Orders to A. A. BROWN, Manager, PATTI BEAUTY EMPORIUM Phone Kenwood 9538 4723 St. Lawrence Ave., Apt 3, CHICAGO, ILL. HIGH GRADE MICHIGAN FARM Send No Money Snap this bargain up right now before it is too FOR SALE late. Only limited quantity. Amazing underwear Contains 160 acres, 2 good houses, large bargain. Greatest offer ever made. Two Guar anteed $ 4 Each, Wool Unlonsuits, $5.75 . barn, other outhuildings, and located on Sav e big: money on your underwear. Send line road, right at railroad station, in postcard or letter today — this very minute, for the famous fruit belt. Only 1 mile from these2 beautiful perfect fitting heavy weight gray Orchardvillc. 80 acres cleared, balance elasticrib unionsuits. Full cut. Seams reinforced pasture and timber. Good colored neigh and overcast. Send No Money—pay only $5.75 on arrival, no more; we pay delivery charges. bors. This is a real bargain at $8,500. refun d vou r Worth $12,000. First payment $4,000, We Guarantee long time on balance. To see this farm , WWMMIMM»»V money if you can is to want it. match these 2 wonderful wool unionsuits for Send for particulars. Other good farms also. $8.00. Order this amazing bargain this minute Small or large. Tell us what vou want. Adbefore it is too late. Just give name, address dress PAUL P. ARENSON, 10 S. La Salle and breast measure. St., Chicago, 111. Dept. V 044 900 W. Van Buren, Chicago BERNARD-HEWITT &amp; COMPANY SPEND YOUR VACATION AT The moat wonderfully Ideal spot where young and old cast aside for the time all the cares and worries of their strenuous, nerve-racking routine lives and romp and play once more as children and enjoy to the full nature In all her wondrous glory. The waters of the lake and surrounding trout streams are fairly teeming with game fish of the best varieties. Do you enjoy bathing, boating, Ashing, hunting T Do you enjoy roaming through the woods picking This illustration wild flowers and wild berries T shows Parten front Do you want a place to go wbere you can build up Half Wig. Price $6.75 your health, vitality, energy and business efficiency? Do yoj enjoy mingling with the active, thinking, /progressive people of the day—people who do things? * Do you believe In progress and do you want to / have a part in one of the most progressive move-* This Uuutrat'o merit* of the time? Surely 1 y shows "A" wig Natural Hair Wigs Then you will be Interested In. and want to J* own a lot of your own In Beautiful Idlewlld, jfMichigan. If you act at once you can se- Made according to your measurement, cure a beautiful lot for only 135.tt each: / Direct from the Manufacturer Price SI2.50. 9 $6.00 cash; $1.00 per week. When youreither wavy or crimpy hair. Can be payments are completed the lot will bt / combed and dressed, and cannot be de transferred to you by an absolute ' warranty deed with abstract show-J &gt; tected from a person's own head of Inn clear title. hair. I also make Transformations, / Good live energetic Switches, Puffs, and other articles. agents wanted Large assortment of hair nets, pincers and hairdressers' supplies. Idle wild Resort Write fnr free catalog. Company 1110 Hartford Bldg ALEX MARKS So. Dearborn Si. , 662-C 8th Ave., at 42d St., New York, N. Y. Chicag., D. /&gt; tf Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER NATIONAL CAPITAL CODE OF ETIQUETTE Combined with SHORT STORIES FOR COLORED PEOPLE ETIQUETTE PART i A Book absolutely in a class by itself. Interesting, instructive, handsomely illustrated. Wonderful pictures of Washington's prominent colored Society leaders on the street; at the Theatre; at Church; in the Home; at Receptions, Balls. Parties, Weddings, Dinners, &amp;c, &amp;c. The illustrations are so perfect and natural that the well bred, correctly clothed men and women almost speak to you. Learn how to dress and conduct yourself on any and all occasions; correct dress for men and women; suggestions in colors and materials for the ladies; hints as to footwear, hats, appropriate combinations, &amp;c, for both sexes. What to serve your guests at breakfast, lunch or dinner. How to converse intelligently; how to know when to talk and when to remain silent; how to make friends and gain popularity. A book that will help the most prominent member of society or the most humble. STORIES PART 2 A wonderful collection of Short Sto ries for Young and Old. Stories that will hold your attention from start to finish. By the most famous colored writer of Short Stories in America. Stories of Adventure Stories of Pluck Stories of Bravery Stories of Success Stories of School Days Stories of Great Men Stories for Father, Mother or the Chil dren. Funny Stories; Stories that will bring the tears to your eyes; Stories once started must be finished before laying aside the book. Handsomely il lustrated—pictures that seem to live throughout the story. Illustrating Table Manners A Book you will want Must have in your home Agents Wanted A most excellent Christmas Gift We are looking for 1000 hustlers, men Over fifty pages of pleasing pictures taken and women. Our offer will pay vou posifrom best photographs. A BIG BOOK, tively $4 to $9 per day. One agent made containing over 400 pages. The people $21 the first day. Such an opporare much pleased with this new publicatunity comes but once in a lifetime. tion and are sending thousands of orders AGENTS' SAMPLE showing specimen to us. Order today. We send by insured pages and the pictures and covers of book, parcel post; return your money if not will be mailed to you for 25 cents. It perfectly satisfied. Price ONLY $2.50. represents exactly the complete book. Write todav. Send 25 cents for agents' outfit to-dav. AUSTIN JENKINS CO. No. 523 9th STREET, WASHINGTON, D. C. Mention TH E CRISIS. Let us send you a suit Made to your measure, payable after received, with the clear understanding that if the fit is not perfect, or if you are not satisfied in every way; if you are not convinced that you have received a fine, high-grade, stylish, splendid-fitting tailored suit made to your measure and have saved at least $15.00 to $20.00, you are not under the slightest obligation to keep it. Don't hesitate or feel timid, simply send the suit back, no cost to you. You are not out one penny. Any money you may have paid us is refunded at once. SEND NO MONEY— just your name. and address for FRE E samples and latest styles, beautiful NEW samplebook all sent FREE — if you answer now. All Wool Suits $25.00 SAMPLES FREE Any man, young or old, interested in saving money, who wants to dress well and not feel extravagant, is invited to answer at once and get our free book of cloth samples and latest fashions, with everything explained. Simply mail the coupon, or write letter or postal today, just say, "Send me your samples" and get our whole proposition by return mail. Agents write too, we have a big NEW agency deal for you. Try it, costs you nothing—just a stamp, get the FREE SAMPLES and low prices anyway. Learn something important about dressing well and saving money. Write today. KNICKERBOCKER TAILORING CO.* Dept. 1083. CHICAGO, ILL. -TEAR OUT HERE—MAIL TODAY FREE SAMPLE BOOK COUPON Knickerbocker Tailoring Company, Dept. 10S3. Chicago. 111. Gentlemen: Please send me your complete big book of Samples &amp; Styles showing your all-wool suits as low as $25.00, and Agents big new money-making deal. Everything free and postpaid. Name Address ANNOUNCING A NEW POLICY Nile For Queen Hair Preparaand tions Skin "The Kashmir Way" AN UNUSUAL OPPORTUNITY For wide-awake people in every community to become shareholders in a successful business. TH E KASHMIR CHEMICAL CO. has developed one of the most progressive manufacturing enterprises of its kind among- the Race and offers to investors an opportunity to become a part of a going growing concern, whose conservative management, high class products and widespread advertising have stamped it a leader in its line. We offer to share the big profits made yearly with investors because we want to expand our business into every town and city and to have there interested friends who will find it profitable to boost our preparations, take an interest in our affairs and help their money to double itself. If you want to be a part of a live-wire, money-making organization. "Write today for full information to Nile Queen Corporation, care of KASHMIR CHEMICAL CO. 3423 INDIANA AVE. CHICAGO, ILL.