The Freewoman , made THE Freewoman A WEEKLY FEMINIST REVIEW No. 5. Vol. I. THURSDAY, DECEMBER 21, 1911 Threepence Registered at G.P.O. as a Newspaper. J oint Editors: DORA MARSDEN, B.A. MARY GAWTHORPE CONTENTS 1. A Gospel of Goodwill. By Selwyn Weston...... 81 2. Notes of the Week ...... 83 3. Women and Government. By Teresa BillingtonGreig 85 4. Prudence—Preserver. A Morality Piece. By W. L. Cribb 86 5. Freewomen and the Birth Rate.—II. By Charles V. Drysdale ......... 89 6. Correspondence... ... ... 90 7. The Editors' Reply ...... 93 8. The Splendid Criminal. By Hilda M. Davies...... 94 9. Feminism under the Republic and the Early Empire. —IV. By Amy Haughton ... 95 10. An Old School Book on the Higher Education of Women (1685). By Foster Watson 97 11. Eager Heart. By G. L. Harding ......... 99 A GOSPEL OF GOODWILL. IN the Prelude to "The Egoist," Meredith has mentioned an endless great book, "the biggest book on earth; that might indeed be called the Book of Earth; whose title is the Book of Egoism." The leaves of this monstrous tome, it is said, are "now capable of a stretch from the Lizard to the last few poor pulmonary snips and shreds of leagues dancing on their toes for cold. .. on the edge of the Pole." As an image to evoke in us a sense of the allpervading Spirit of Self, this is perhaps supreme. Yet we are placed by it upon that topmost pinnacle of perception whence we can view with nothing but distrust the line of verse at the end of this same Prelude, wherein we learn of our Egoist, by way of epitaph, that "Through very love of self himself he slew." For is there not in all this metaphor, grand though it be, a something discrepant with the destiny of Willoughby as foreshadowed by his epitaph and ampliated in the narrative? Or are we to believe that Mankind does not persist by virtue of its more catholic and (consequently) more enduring qualities? Had Meredith intended to portray the special rather than the typical, the anomaly would not have seemed so great; but the Prelude leaves no doubt in our minds of the author's belief in the universality of the traits attributed to the Egoist. Willoughby Patterne, so conscious of his Nature's needs, was beaten in the contest for Clara Middleton by nothing but his own obtuseness—the utmost, I believe, of which the man was culpable. Vernon Whitford, whose passion for her none had the imagination to perceive, carries off the coveted prize, very much to the chagrin of De Grays, who had thought himself well in the running. Whitford, no doubt, knew very well what he was doing when he assumed his pathetic, watchdog rôle; and even if he did not, Nature's purpose was no less imperative in him, and he no less an egoist, than Willoughby. But if, as I have hinted, Willoughby was blamable for no more than his own obtuseness, how shall we praise Vernon for more than his subtlety and tact? With prolonged gazing in the Pool of one's own Soul the waters become troubled, the reflection distorted. One catches an occasional clear glimpse of the Soul itself, but no longer can tell of what it is compounded, for all detail is lost in the large rhythm of the whole. Meredith, from a too keen searching for the Self in man, became inured to its obvious aspects, or he must have discerned in Whitford a more formidable, because more finished, egoist than there were even the elements of in Willoughby. Of this Comedy in Narrative, criticism is chiefly prompted by the author's too rigid conception of a duty to his title, and a certain failure to bear out the promise of his Prelude. We feel that an early emphatic "to the deuce with duty" might have cleared his mind in this, and assured us greater art under a less impossible title. There is a rhythmic unity of purpose in Nature compelling and directing human thought and action, whose influence on persons is neither good nor ill, but necessary and nonmoral. No special manifestation of misery or of happiness in an individual can be regarded as a final result of natural causes and events. It is merely that the attainment of Nature's aim in him (involved in the rhythm of her broader aim) requires of him a certain attitude towards Life, so that he may react upon Life in the specific manner dictated by his environment. The forward march of Systems to their ultimate unknown goal has no reference to the welfare of their units, except in so far as that is consonant with the trend of its progress thither. With a fine faith in the value of contrasts, in which alone of all surviving values we may rightly retain our trust, I have ventured to approach my subject from an antithetic viewpoint, forgetting never the claims of my chosen title. But now, content for a while that the lingering customs of an effete religion have sanctioned an idle hour, let us draw up our chairs to the blaze and scrutinise the Spirit of the Season in the light of what has been said. Walt Whitman once wrote: "I give nothing as duties; what others give as duties I give as living impulses." And in touching upon the absurdity of naming the heart's action as a duty, he came very near to the Soul of Truth in things, since in no way are we responsible for the acts to which we are 82 THE FREEWOMAN December 21, 1911 impelled by laws transcending our volition. And here we must pause to consider whether we know what is meant by volition. Every effort to widen the bounds of consciousness is attended by a need for new words, fresh phrases; and in the same way, one might expect that the mode of expression called by them into being would sink to desuetude when these systems have had their vogue. But this indeed seldom happens, so that in our day we find ourselves constantly perplexed by words of a past period, fit only for the stating of anachronic notions, and of these the word Volition may be called the supreme pattern. Avoiding the compromise of "limited freewill" as an enemy that will not scruple to hit below the intellect, and without stirring too fatefully the compost of that decayed old controversy, let us review such phases of it as may help us here. For this purpose we cannot perhaps do better than analyse the word Goodwill, which, apart from containing the fallacies we are seeking to disperse, has the virtue of referring us directly to our title. Goodwill in action implies conscious volition tempered by moral aim, but very little probing will be needed to reveal the allusions contained in this definition. My use of the word "implies" will be noted and probably condemned as evasive. But how else can one define a term which to one's self has no meaning, than by stating what it signifies to such as constantly employ it? Volition may be named as that quality in man which enables him to believe that he can mould an universal process to his use, for the promotion of his personal wellbeing. Yet to the arrogance of supposing that for his sake Nature cares one jot whether he exist happily or in misery, or at all, there is but one apposite parallel: that of a belief in a Diety who is willing (nay, anxious) to forego his entire plan of action at the merest plea of a solitary prayerful sheep, and with a total disregard for the claims of the flock! Seeking to discover the seat of the Will we must prepare to pass beneath the threshold of Consciousness and delve in the soil of Desire; but if in any way we cherish a regard for the Freedom of the Will, we must go accessible to disabusement; for unless we unearth also the Fact that man creates his own desires, the whole fabric of that ancient creed must go. In its elemental form, unobscured by the web of metaphysical verbiage wherein Philo sophy embalms her errors, the vexed question of volition permits of simple statement. For if, as Strindburg contends, man's every action is controlled by a series of usually deepseated motives, who then shall say that his Will, without which he cannot act, is free? To support this belief it would be necessary to show,not only that man is absolute at the moment of his choice between alternatives, but also that he is responsible for the entire transition from the unicellular protoid he once was, to the complex cerebral being he is today. And this, because his desires had their origin in that faroff first occasion when an unconscious yearning to rise in the scale of life urged that primordial protoid to stretch out a fibril in search of nourishment. This nascent first desire laid the foundation for the development of man, or whatever is final in Nature, whereby we are convinced that not only man's Will, but his very Being also have stemmed from the root Desire. It has been said, moreover, that an act of pure Goodwill involves a moral aim; yet neither the Will nor the Aim belong to man, but are, in reality, Nature's way of acquainting him with his share in her purpose, the entire scheme of which must for ever remain veiled and inscrutable to him. Always an impulse that we cannot understand lies at the base of our choice; and it is because, in the case of a kind act, we are able to perceive what we take to be the moral of it, that we attribute the deed wholly to our own volition. In the same way, when we act selfishly we often become conscious of a sense of shame merely because we cannot see that Nature's purpose controls our every choice, working out through our very egoism the design whereof we are no more than a very minute portion. Viewed in this light, it would seem that all creation and criticism were futile, rejoinder and rerejoinder nothing short of madness. But we must remember that, though the purpose of the Scheme is perfection, the means must be in many ways defective, so that creative ability needs the corrective of criticism, rejoinder of rerejoinder; and the one responds no less to the needs of the Scheme than the other. If one may urge a plea in this Christmas season, let it be for a more conscious egoism in place of the pseudoaltruism so prevalent today; and if by chance we encompass an act of kindness, let us find no overweening virtue in it, for assuredly there is none. SELWYN WESTON. Part II. of "The New Morality" will appear in next wee's issue. NOTES OF THE WEEK. THOSE who are sensitive to signs of the times as likely to affect women's labour must now be thoroughly alive to the steady closing in upon it, of forces which augur the leanest years of women's industrial history. The next thirty years threaten to be the most critical in women's history. They will tax to the uttermost women's industrial capacity—a capacity which nothing in the past leads us to believe to be of a quality to compare favourably with that of their rivals, men's. We have two things to spur us on—a harsh necessity in the many, and an indomitable spirit in the few. Women are going to have wrested from them earlier than they expected a reply to the question, "Are they going to take their work seriously, to persist in it for a lifetime, or are they going to regard it as a makeshift until something else comes their way?" Unless women are prepared to answer promptly, and in the affirmative, the employers are going to answer it for them in practice and in the negative. With the Insurance Bill we are going to see the real outcome of our cry for "equal pay for equal work," "equal conditions for equal work." The automatic application of considerations of profit and loss is going to be the retort of the employers. Women's work is going to be shown up for what and for how much it is. No sentimental considerations for woman's frailer strength and weaker body! No consideration for the fact that she has expected to marry, and, therefore, has had little training! Merely considerations as to whether, when all deductions have been made on accounts of both male and female employee, men's work or women's will show the bigger profit. As we said, the Insurance Bill, by laying upon the employer exactly the same toll for a woman employee as for a man, has decided the case with the employer against the woman employee, the moment the Bill emerges in its final form. We quote an extract from the remarks of an employer of female labour in the silk industry—Mr. Frank Farrell—managing director of a firm of silk manufacturers, which appeared in the form of an interview in the Morning Standard. "An objectionable feature of the proposed Bill is that immature labour, the value of which is necessarily discounted by the fallingoff of female workers later, is taxed at practically the same rate per capita as firstclass skilled male labour, worth six to eight times as much per week. "An instructive commentary upon this point is provided by the returns under the Census of Production Act, giving the total number of persons employed in each industry, and the value of the respective outputs of workers in such industries. The outstanding fact is that the net out December 21, 1911 THE FREEWOMAN 83 put per female worker is much less than that of the male worker, in some cases amounting to only one quarter of the net output in industries where males are employed. For example, in the silk industry, in which about threefourths of the employees are females, the net output per person is £55 per annum. In the paint and colour industry, in which over 90 per cent, of the employees are males, the output per person is £198 per annum; and in chemicals, where nearly 90 per cent, of the employees are males, the output per person is £185 per annum. Other industries in which chiefly males are employed show similar outputs per head. In textile industries, where the females largely preponderate, the results show a corresponding falling off. In cotton factories the output per person is £82, and in woollen factories £76 per annum. "There is a general misapprehension that the employer of female labour is making an undue profit. As a matter of fact, those industries in which a majority of males can be employed are the more profitable relatively, the actual industrial value of the male being demonstrated by official returns (obtained by collating Census of Production Act returns with the Board of Trade Gazette) to be greater in proportion to the wage he earns than that of the female worker." The employer interviewed further contends that the Insurance Bill does not recognise the fundamental difference which exists between male and female labour. "Silk manufacturers," he instances, "employ a large proportion of females as compared with males, the mean ratio being about four to one. Consequently we are especially penalised by any disadvantage by which the employer of female labour will suffer under the Bill. Our experience is that we have to engage 300 to 400 girls in order to be able to retain 100 skilled female workers of, say, thirty years of age and upwards. This is due to the fact that a male commences work with a view to obtaining a livelihood for the whole of his working career. A female, on the contrary, enters a trade largely with a view to temporary employment, the ultimate destiny of a considerable proportion of females naturally being marriage. Further, we observe that, as the earning power of the parent increases, there is an increased tendency to withdraw daughters from industrial occupations and keep them at home. "The tendency of the female, upon becoming married, to relinquish her work permanently is greatly increasing, and it is commonly believed that the present President of the Local Government Board and other political economists are greatly in favour of extending the period which must elapse after childbirth before a woman can resume her occupation from one month to six or even twelve months. The result of this would be greatly to reduce the number of married female workers. A further factor which must be considered in comparing the relative earning powers of males and females, is that, whereas the male works for himself, his wife, and family, the female who lives at home with her parents, in many instances, works more or less for pocketmoney, this being demonstrated by the fact that many females make no effort to go beyond a certain earning capacity in piece work." g 9 g So as regards female labour, we are arriving at the parting of the ways. The cry of "Equal pay for equal work" has diverted our thoughts from the question, "In what measure is women's work, for equal lengths of time and under the same conditions, equal to that of men's?" There seems to be not a shadow of a doubt that women's work, except in spheres where she may show special aptitude, is far behind in quantity, if not in quality. Consequently, when employers are forced to make conditions for women equal to those for men, they will be compelled by force of business interest to employ men rather than women. And this is the greatest danger which the woman's movement has to face. If we are deprived of whatever avenues to moneyearning we may hitherto have had, our path to freedom will be very different. It will, in fact, be shut down. As long as the currency by means of which all the business of the civilised world is transacted is money, then money women must get. If it is made impossible for the majority of women to get money by selling their labour in the common market, they will be driven to sell the only saleable commodity they have left—which is themselves. This may be done with more decency or less, inside the marriage bond or outside, but the result will be the same—women will be parasitic upon the energies and activities of men. As we have said before, necessity and indomitable spirit are our only safeguards against such a state of affairs. The disabilities of women, which, rightly or wrongly, have come to be regarded as "natural," are our abiding handicap. It begins to look as though it is to be a lifeanddeath struggle between our "natural" physical handicaps and an equally "natural" impulse towards physical and spiritual freedom. Whosoever predicts the result of the struggle does so on faith. We, on our part, are not afraid to commit this act of faith, if in committing it we set about at the same time to strengthen the bridge which finally shall justify it. The nearer support of the bridge we know to be the organising of women's labour and the encouraging of the efficiency of such labour by continuing it beyond the limits of marriage. The further support we believe is to be found in the raising of the schoolleaving age until it safely covers the period when labour is likely to be detrimental to the physique of girls—to fifteen or sixteen years— so that girls may have whatever care and oversight efficient schools can supply. And when this is passed through (and not before), a compulsory system of training for—an apprenticeship to—some kind of work, which is to be expected to provide a prospective life's occupation and career. In short, we rest our hopes upon such social adjustments as will enable girls to enter the world of work with as robust health, with as good a training, and with as serious an outlook as boys do, or ought to do, at the present time. If this will not make women into efficient, valuable workers, feminism is a vain dream. As we speak of a compulsory system of training, we are reminded of the objections of certain of our readers to the seeming inconsistency of our reconciling of compulsion with freedom. We state at once that there can be no such reconciliation. The semblance of our reconciling freedom and compulsion rests for its illusion upon the fact that our critics speak of compulsion, which is advocated here and now, in connection with a general freedom which does not exist, and which we can only conceive of as existing in some future state, at some future time. And, indeed, we believe that for its existence many in the present must be held bound before all in the future may be free. Nothing but confusion can result from the ungirt advocacies of the conditions of freedom in a state which is not free. For instance, the conditions of freedom of the barons at a certain period in English history—e.g., under King Stephen—was not conducive either to the then immediate or future freedom. So today compulsion is necessary because we are enslaved. We can gird at the enslaved, we can use all the methods available to minds to awaken the spirit of freedom; but we cannot coerce, as we should by enforcing "free conditions," those who do not understand, or, understanding, have no desire for the responsibilities of freedom. As we have said elsewhere, it is as futile as endeavouring to make two and two into five. It is very muddledheaded arguing which advocates conditions fit for a freedom, which however ardently desired, is far from existing. It is the confusion resulting from reasoning of this nature that has been behind all the opposition to the compulsory character of the Insurance Bill which has been so strong in advanced journals. We have been sufficiently interested in our own theories regarding the ultimate effects of this measure to be at the pains to make ourselves acquainted with the strongest which can be said on the opposing side. Apart from mild indignation against the unfairness of the allocating of some of the benefits, and objections to the taxation falling so heavily upon the shoulders of the poor, and the reality of its dangerous effects upon the organising of labour, there has been, away high and above all these, a vague but powerful resentment against what are considered to be its enslaving propensities. As we said, we have read the worst, and we can still tolerate its compulsion; its compulsory taxing is just as much enslaving—no less and no more— as the compulsory taxing involved in the education rate, the water rate, or the poor rate. We see no logical or philosophic reason why the Insurance Bill should be regarded as at the top of the tobogganslide which at one wild rush is to land us at the bottom in the lotusland of a slavish comfort and prosperity. We take the liberty of quoting from a contemporary what seems to us a more explicit, straightforward and concise statement of this view than any which we have come across in other "advanced" journals. The New Age, in an editorial passage occurring in the issue for November 14th, says :— "But it may be asked: Is it not an advantage to the workingclasses to be insured against sickness, against unemployment, against invalidity? If it is good that they should insure themselves voluntarily and out of their own wages, is it not still better that they should be assisted in it? Why should anybody object to the workingclasses receiving a free gift from their employers and from the State? We might reply that the gift is exactly what we doubt. Sentiment does not control business, and real wages will certainly tend to be reduced to their former level when the Insurance Bill is once in operation. But the consideration we wish to raise is of an infinitely wider kind. If we are not misinformed, it is the consideration on which even now Mr. 84 THE FREEWOMAN December 21, 1911 Roosevelt and Mr. La Follette are preparing to fight the American Presidential Campaign of 1916. So far ahead? you say. Yes; for Capital, if not Labour, takes long views; and the attempted conquest of democracy by plutocracy will be a long campaign. Let us refer to the discovery—for it is no less—by a number of American commercial publicists of what they call 'scientific management,' by means of which, says one of them, the relation between employer and employee may be transformed into a mutual interest. The new science of management, they say, involves that labour should be systematically and scientifically studied and directed as if it were—as it in one sense is—one of the raw materials of wealthproduction. Hitherto the intelligence of captains of industry has been applied, not unsuccessfully, to the saving of labour; but with the new economic invention, that intelligence will henceforward be applied to saving the labour supply—that is, the labourer—as well. Exactly to the extent to which the willing labourer becomes scarce, pains must be taken to preserve him. As Mr. Hyman Strunsky points out, workmen must in future be economised and saved as capitalists have always economised and saved cattle and horses. There is no end to the good things that will be given to labour when the new 'technical revolution' in industry has begun. Mr. Stimson undertook to prove to a Committee of the House of Representatives that a fourhours' working day might be made to increase the profits of capital. Mr. Brandeis appeals to capitalists to support Workmen's Insurance on the ground that it tends to increased industrial efficiency. The same argument, we know, has been used by Mr. Lloyd George; and it is capable of indefinite extension. As more and more intelligence is required in labour, more and more consideration must be paid to the special needs of the intelligent working man. He will shortly be realised as the most valuable property the capitalists have—more valuable, by virtue of his possession of brains, than either the slaves of yesterday or the slaves of today. To make and keep him efficient, incredibly benevolent legislation will be forthcoming. Housing, feeding, clothing, long holidays, leisure, education, excellent conditions, insurance, oldage pensions—everything—save one thing—that heart can wish will be given to him. Mr. Lloyd George's Bill, as we said last week, is on the top of the toboggan slide. Before it reaches the bottom every single item in the meliorists' programme of social reform will be incorporated in an Act of Parliament. And at the end of it all, the workingclasses will be the most intelligent, the most comfortable, the most valuable class of slaves that the world has ever seen." The fear lest the worker, lulled by protection, comfort, and ease, should fall into the mental sloth which is slavery, could not be better expressed. It says the worst. And yet we do not shrink from the experiment. It is our belief that there is nothing more enslaving than excessive poverty. To give a people leisure, education, good housing, and good conditions, though these things should be given only after branding "slave" upon the forehead of the recipients, inspires us with no living fear. For these are the wrong kind of gifts to produce the real slave. Though we should be given these four only—leisure, education, good housing, and good conditions—we would prophesy for ourselves—the workers— a freedom of spirit as great as that enjoyed at present by Mr. Carnegie or King George the Fifth. To attempt in legislation more than this is to attempt that of which the gods themselves are incapable, save in the long course of slow time. It is the old endeavour to put the quart of liquid into the pint measure. People cannot assimilate a greater degree of freedom than that of which they are able to form a conception. The forces are being marshalled for the great Suffrage Campaign. Already during the week a conference of delegates has been held, under the chairmanship of Mr. Henderson, at the House of Commons, at which were delegates from the National Union of Women's Suffrage Societies, the Women's Freedom League, the Men's League for Women's Suffrage, the Women's Liberal Federation, the Professional and Industrial Women's Suffrage Society, the Women's Cooperative Guild, the People's Suffrage Federation, the Women's Labour League, and the Fabian Society. A resolution was passed that the societies represented at the conference be invited each to appoint one delegate to the Central Committee to cooperate with the committee of members of Parliament for the purpose of coordinating the work of the societies throughout the country in support of the campaign for the extension of the franchise to women on broad and democratic lines. Further, the Independent Labour Party have announced their intention of conducting a Womanhood Suffrage Campaign throughout the country, and of utilising their 800 branches for the same purpose. At the Horticultural Hall meeting last Saturday, a united audience were convinced by Mr. Lloyd George and Sir Edward Grey of the good faith of the ProSuffrage section of the Government, and were made to realise that Mr. Asquith's opposition made a Government Woman's Suffrage measure an impossibility, unless the Liberal Government were prepared to split asunder on the measure, which it is not. In the words of Sir Edward Grey: "If those in favour of the Suffrage in the Cabinet resign because it is not put into the Bill, the Government will be broken up, and there would be no Government Bill. If we insist on putting it into the Bill, those opposed to it, including the Prime Minister, must resign. Whatever we are on the question of Women's Suffrage, we are united in loyalty to the Prime Minister. We are not going to do anything that would cause him to resign. If another party came into power, that party is no more united on the question than the present Government." So, in an atmosphere of confidence and conviction of good faith all round those who earnestly desire Woman's Suffrage at the earliest possible moment are uniting together to find a common basis of agreement in accordance with the principle of which support for the Suffrage amendment may be focussed. We are extremely glad to note that neither Mr. Lloyd George nor Sir Edward Grey appeared to have any preconceived idea as to the exact form the amendment shall take. Mr. Lloyd George dreads the type of woman voter who would be enfranchised on a household suffrage basis—as most of us do and say when we see a chance of anything better. He, at present, appears to have a penchant for a "fancy" woman's franchise, to be made up of womenhouseholders, plus the wives of men who have votes. We do not care for it, for reasons which we go on to explain, and we do not think that Mr. Lloyd George himself is flaming with the enthusiasm which is usual with him in support of his own solutions. Our own preference would be for a simple franchise for women as for men, a complete abolition of the property qualification necessary in a household franchise, and—in order to obviate what is an understandable prejudice against a preponderating female electorate—a higher age of qualification for women than for men. If twentyone years were a qualification for men, then twentyfive (for a time, at least) might reasonably be accepted for women. We are anxious to make clear the very real danger of accepting the solution of enfranchisement suggested by Mr. Lloyd George. It is an overwhelming one, and we believe Mr. Lloyd George himself will be ready to recognise it. It is this :—In a womanhouseholder, plus a marriedwoman franchise, there are deliberately cut out from all benefit almost the entire bulk of the working, moneyearning class of woman. It would be a deliberate exclusion of the class of women for whom it imports most to have political power—the industrial worker. The unmarried industrial worker is not usually in a position to be a householder, and after marriage, her industrial work, more commonly than not, ceases. In view of our certain conviction of the coming difficulties of women workers, we should protest very passionately against her continued exclusion from political power. Of all the classes of women who need the vote, the woman worker needs it most. If a woman upon a residential qualification qualified automatically at the age of twentyfive, every woman worker, the poorest, the sweated, would be able to avail herself of any of the power and protection which can be derived from voting rights, she would always be a potential voter. Upon a propertyqualification, no matter how low, the most in need of it, the very poor, would be unable to qualify. We have the greatest hopes that the Suffrage Societies will unite on a measure similar to the one we outline. It embodies the principle of Adult Suffrage, upon which the Socialist and Labour parties could conscientiously compromise, as could also the Adultists of the People's Suffrage Federation. It would allay the fears of those who shrink from a preponderatingly feminine electorate, and we see no reason why Government support should not be secured for it. The Women's Suffrage movement in the hands of Mr. Lloyd George might very well follow the line of development which was followed in the development of the Enfranchisement of the People Measure in the hands of Disraeli in 1867. Disraeli had no intention of granting Household Suffrage to men when he undertook the solution of the Suffrage question in 1866. The matter developed, as it were, while on the stocks. He could find no logical haltingplace once he began moving down the democratic slide. He could not find one, because none exists. Mr. Lloyd George will probably find himself in the same position, and we see no reason why the Conservative party should not again commit itself to its belief in The People, by assisting now, as before it initiated, the last and greatest of the series of Democratic Reform Bills. We commend this consideration to the Conservative and Unionist Women's Suffrage Societies, and to every other Suffrage Society. December 21, 1911 THE FREEWOMAN 85 Women and Government. THAT women who desire emancipation from the old sexservitude should desire to see that emancipation expressed in concrete manner in the machinery of life is reasonable and commendable. But the common attitude today seems to be to rely upon the machinery and to leave the emancipation alone. The small class of thinking women recognise that the present suffrage agitation is only of indirect value, that it is of service so far as it tends to create the new spirit by the struggle for the new machinery and to stimulate a new practice by the exposure of the old, and only so far. But even among these women an undue importance seems to be attached to institutions and systems and mechanical devices. The reality is lost sight of; the machinery blocks the way. This obsession shows itself in many ways. It shows itself in the exclusive concentration upon the winning of the Parliamentary vote. This is the obvious example, though in truth it is only an aspect of something bigger and more significant—the assumption by women that they can obtain and enjoy emancipation under existing institutions, and simply need to set up a paperandink equality within them to be secure. This assumption is practically universal; with nine out of every ten thinking women it passes as an axiom. They limit their speculations to life moulded by the present institutions, to society based upon the present conventions: they assume that this is the material through which and with which they must work. It is my purpose to ask whether this attitude is justified, and I take democratic political machinery for my first inquiry. Before I begin it I desire to assure the reader that I am writing, not as a dogmatist, but as an inquirer, and that I am not prepared to substitute for the machinery I criticise destructively any personally devised alternative machine. I do not intend to make any concessions to those to whom the nakedness of a machineless land is an offence. Those who want machines may make their own machines; I am concerned with the realities behind them. Our present governmental machine claims to be democratic and representative. Now, apart entirely from the fair argument that it cannot be either democratic or representative in the full sense of the words until it includes women in its franchises, I claim that the words used are inaccurate and untrue even for those who are supposed to control the government. The voters of the country are not represented in the Houses of Parliament. They do not get from the Legislature the laws that they want. They do get from the Legislature the laws that they do not want. They do not control the police or the Post Office, or the army or the navy. They do not control the private member of the Commons; and, much more definitely, they do not control the Cabinet. To listen to the speeches of some Suffragists, one would think that voters did all these things, getting from a perfectly oiled machine the perfectly formed legislative product. But this is not true. It is not too much to say that our democratic governing machine is an utter failure. It does not perform the work which it was constructed to perform. It is a pennyintheslot machine that won't work. Our democratic machine suffers from two classes of faults: the first are inherent in all democratic governing machines, and the second are peculiar to the one which we have produced. The latter may be briefly dismissed. They are: Government by the secret Cabinet caucus, control of the private member by the party, the collusion of the two parties in the alternate governing game, and the numerous conventional devices by which liberty of speech and independence of action are denied and restricted within the House of Commons. If our democratic system were a perfect and ideal machine, the addition of these devices would render! that machine inoperative. This is recognised by a younger school of politicians who are devoting their talents to the work of purifying the machine. Many women sympathise with this attitude, and declare, absurdly enough, that all the present corruption and dishonesty will be swept away with the coming of women into the political world. Let me admit for the moment that it may be that women will purify politics. How long will it take? And what reform of value are they likely to obtain in the interval? A survey of history will show that there have almost always been some aspiring politicians seeking the purification of the machine, and equally that governing machinery has always continued in spite of every mechanical change to be corrupt and dishonest. It is pertinent therefore to ask why women seeking emancipation should try to get it through this particular existing governing machine. But even if women should accomplish the Sisyphus task and purify politics, even if they should come into possession of the democratic machine perfected and completed with adult suffrage, redistribution, and all the other missing devices, it is still pertinent to ask if it would serve their need. To answer this question it is necessary to consider the essential and inherent imperfection of all democratic machines that have ever been devised. The democrat believes that by natural right every unit in the State is entitled to share in the national government. To achieve this ideal it has been supposed that it was merely necessary to give to every citizen a tool of some sort to play with. But this is another example of hiding the reality with the machine. What each unit in a democratic country needs is not a tool to play with or a name entered and numbered in a book, but a share of power sufficient to ensure selfprotection. Under a real democracy no normal citizen could be subjected to coercion except for criminal incursion upon the rights of others. The bureaucrats have always met the democratic clamour by saying that such a system was an impossibility; and so far every democratic governing machine has proved that they are right. In practice every democratic system reduces itself to government by the majority and coercion of the minority, or government by the privileged and coercion for the unprivileged. Every democracy in action has become a bureaucracy; there is only a quantitative and not a qualitative difference between these two systems. The widest device of popular government still leaves a section of the people under compulsion, and it becomes interesting to ask what units are likely to form this slave section. At this stage I will content myself with the suggestion that there can be no certainty of full human liberty for women under a system from which the element of coercion cannot be removed. The democratic machine is unwieldy, and with every extension of its powers and franchises it becomes more unwieldy. This means that it is always overweighted, that, as a result, legislation is always behind the demand, is uncoordinated and unconsidered, and that there are always some victims suffering from these imperfections. The law under which we live at any given time is the registered opinion of the past. It may be the narrow prejudice of the middle ages, the outlived morality of the 86 THE FREEWOMAN December 21, 1911 last century, the halftruthbecomeawholelie of the last generation; but it is always the dead hand of the past. The more unwieldy the machine the more complete becomes the chasm between the living thought of the living race and the dead thought that is embodied in law. The mind and the soul grow and grow, to new heights, to new understanding. But the law crawls ever behind. Pulling there from behind it does not only hold the world back, but its administrators punish and crucify whoever rises beyond its conceptions and transgresses its outworn creeds. And this tendency is increased by the unwieldiness of all democratic machinery. A vote is a thing of value when one has room to use it, when its possession confers some real power upon the holder. It is a thing of no value when the arena is so crowded that no effective use can be made of the weapon, and when by multiplying the voters the fraction of power which attaches to the use of one vote is negligible. With universal suffrage the vote value is reduced to zero, and the real power is transferred definitely to the bureaucracy that controls the working of the machine—the officials, the political cliques, the votecatchers. It will be argued that under the worst conditions these fractional powers of the voters can be added together to control the bureaucracy. But this is a fallacy. In practice it has been possible at all times to divide the electorate in such manner as to make the claim of control a farce. The one real power that the combined fraction wielders do possess is the power of dealing death, of destroying. It can unmake what it cannot control. And it is to be noted that this power of dealing death has always belonged to the populace, and has been used under and against every tyranny. We have travelled rather a long way from the autocratic government of John, from the oppression of Charles, to secure to ourselves only this same old right. For it is obvious to the most superficial that the right of destruction of a government inheres in the people themselves, and not in the democratic machinery. We already possess that which such democratic systems can give. The value of political power may be assessed anew after these considerations; the disproportion between the cost and the gain may be seen in a new light. The machinemongers have had a long day. Because women have been chained and beaten by government they have appealed to women to win a share in government. But is this the only way to liberty? Is it the best way? Is it a way at all? If government exists, women are of course entitled to share in it. Their right is not the question at issue here. It is granted. The question at issue is whether it is worth while, whether some other movement outside politics, independent of the governing machine, would not provide a surer and a speedier way to full human liberty. Teresa BillingtonGreig. Prudence—Preserver. A MORALITY PIECE. "YOU don't believe in women?" said Prudence Grumjaw, soulfully drumming her fingers on the table. As one having a great respect for junior district visitors, I felt bound to declare a little of my faith. "Some are better than others," I said, remembering the grading of beer; but she is under vows, and one must not tantalise. "It's quite evident you don't believe in them, whatever you may say," she asserted. "Dogma has been your moral ruin," I said quite impersonally; but Prudence Grumjaw has been trained to blush at the word "moral," and in conjunction with ruin, she flamed. Not for the first time, of course, but I often wondered whether Prudence had any glimmering of the effect these exhibitions had upon me. "Most improper," she said in a Lenten voice, and made no attempt to hasten from evil. There are people who find a religious joy in peril, but if she had only known exactly what I thought of her, Prudence would never have gambled her holiness in the personal delivery of tracts. On the other hand, she might; and for fear of this my guardian angel danced fantastically between us, as though to hide Prudence from my sight; yet, after all, if she had only considered the matter, she had better have let me view Prudence altogether, for there is a fatal allurement in glimpses. However, as it was, the busybody fluttered before my eyes when I wanted to see Prudence; but never obstructed when I would fain not have seen the father of Prudence. Saul Grumjaw was a suburban grocer of peculiarly horrific appearance. I had forgotten how much I owed him, but he hadn't; and to the problem of whether a newlysaved vegetarian might pay for bacon consumed in darker days, I could find no solution, except Prudence, or the shorter ways of the County Court. "Most improper," said Prudence again, and gazed in front of her, with the two wooden eyes of a female Christian. "Do you mind defining 'improper'?" I asked, as a preliminary; but of course she shook her head. "But you know what it means, don't you?" "Unfortunately I do," she said slowly. "Unfortunately !" I said. "There's an ideal." "It's something shocking," she continued. "They're not the same thing," I retorted. "For instance, you are something shocking; but up to the present, no one can really say that you're improper." Prudence raised half of another blush, and it was becoming depressing. "The curate's just gone by," I said, and the white flower seemed quite pleased that I should notice such a happening; but to verify my statement she looked out of the window, while I tried to forget Jezebel. "Quite insignificant, isn't he?" she said thoughtfully, as she turned towards me. "And so dull," I added. "That doesn't matter so much," she said, and I began to laugh. "You're not afraid of mental impotence?" I asked presently; but Prudence Grumjaw has been carefully nurtured, and can miss an analogy on occasion. "He's a very good man," she said, just as though I had challenged. "Yes," I said, "he's too dull to see temptation." "It's a pity you're not," she said primly, and in that I saw a promise of clipped claws. "Prudence," I said, in a clerical voice; and the flutter began, but soon ended, for the attack was of another kind, "don't you think one ought to see every possible temptation?" Prudence knows all the Saints' Days, but her theology is as mixed as her father's pickles, and more demoralising." "But you oughtn't to give way," she said. "Suppose that I can see exactly ten healthy temptations?" I asked. "Yes," she said, a little doubtful as to the propriety of discussion. "Suppose your curate can only see one, and that of no consequence," I continued. December 21, 1911 THE FREEWOMAN 87 "But he wouldn't fall," she said, shaking her head. "It's not a question of percentage; it's to be decided on the aggregate," I said. "What does that mean?" said Prudence. "Well, if I fall to nine out of my ten, and he falls to his one, it's a win for me; one up." "Why, you've fallen nine times," she said. "I dare say I shall," I answered. "But I do the trick with the tenth; in any case, if the worst happens, it's a draw in my favour. You think it over." "I'd never forgive nine out of ten," said Prudence. "Think of the good it does you; even if you don't want to resist, there's the moral stimulus," I urged. "Where?" said Prudence scathingly. "In the mere acquaintance," I said. "Afterwards, how much better you would be, for instance." "I'm sure I shouldn't," said Prudence. "Then you're a hopeless case," I said firmly. "Thank you," said she. "There's no need," I said; "it's my duty." "I should want a higher authority than you," she said. "Well," I said, "you can ask the curate." "I will," she said thoughtfully. "Ask him," said I, "if it isn't true that the old saints have been young sinners, and all the old sinners have started as young saints." "Of course," she said; "I know that." "Very well, Prudence," I said; "it would be better to finish good." "I'm going to," she said arrogantly. "Then you must start as a sinner," I said. "You admitted that just now." "It's not a thing to laugh at," said Prudence, severely. "I quite agree," I answered; "these struggles are really affecting." "I know you thought that all along," said Prudence devoutly, and I wonder she didn't say, "Father has put paid to the bill." My guardian angel gluttered violently, not understanding the situation; but I was only going to tempt Prudence. "Have you a lot more tracts to deliver?" I asked sympathetically. She looked at the clock, and then at the table. "Ever so many," she said dully; "I shall have to leave some for tomorrow." When in doubt, Prudence plays with a little crucifix, dangling over the part of her body that is supposed to contain her heart. Sometimes I wonder how the one on the cross could stand the cold, but then there would be a compensating warmth in the contiguity to more external things. "It's a shocking waste of time for a girl like you to be running about delivering tracts," I said. "Oh! but it isn't," said Prudence, as vehemently as she could. "It's too dull and laborious for you," I said. "Let the curate do a bit." "I shall leave them for tomorrow," she said, as though that would appease me. "Throw them away," I said, full of the missionary. "I can't do that," she answered; "it's a woman's work." "It is," I said positively. "Let him deliver them. He's more of a lady than you are." "I won't deliver any more today," she said, just as if she were entering into a conspiracy. "And you can't do any tomorrow," I said. "Why not?" she asked a little puzzled. "You're going with me tomorrow," I said calmly. "Where?" said Prudence breathlessly, and moved a yard nearer. Clearly one of us would have to withdraw, and I felt sure that she wouldn't; but why should one begin to remember the bill? it had not worried me much before, and now it was clamorous. Of course, I could have tried shock tactics, but it was safer to retreat. "Prudence," I said as I opened the door, "I'll get some water," and I drank an unusual quantity myself ere returning with a glassful for her. "I thought you looked a little faint," I said, and planted it on the table. She drank a little, a very little, and then said slowly: "I must go now.. .. What were you saying about tomorrow?" "After all, it's nothing of any importance," I said defensively. "Where is it?" she questioned. "Never mind," I answered. "Your father wouldn't allow you to go; besides, there's the second line of defence—your principles," and I might have likened these to Falstaff's militia. "If it's anywhere not really nice, I shouldn't dream of going," she said. "Why not?" I enquired. "Why not !" said Prudence. "I can't believe you would ask me to go to anything not nice." Her trustful voice and eyes to match might have thrilled the curate, but to a sinner they were merely irritants. "Your simple faith appals me," I said acridly, but Prudence only sighed; she has been taught to regard this as a religious duty, and performs it at times of spiritual stress. "Shouldn't dream of asking you to a rummage sale," I said, more pleasantly; "but this is something really elevating." Prudence roused herself again. "I'm getting a little bit tired of them," she said quite confidentially; "but perhaps this isn't really —nice." "Fiveshilling tickets," I said, remembering her commercial strain. "Have you got them already?" she asked. "They were sent," I answered unblushingly. "However did you get them?" she said wonderingly; and knowing that she was considering my ways and means, I regretted the price, but not the effect. "But you haven't told me where it is," she said presently. "There's no need to do that," I said ;" it's the best piece in London." "Why didn't you tell me before?" said Prudence. "To prevent you changing your mind," I said, and she laughed almost giddily; but that mood soon passed. "Father will be sure to hear of it," she said shaking her head; but I was pleased at the suggested duplicity. "Tell him you're going with me," I said. Prudence Grumjaw looked at me and gasped. "With you! He wouldn't hear of it," and after all it was a sort of a tribute. "You don't understand the competitive system," I said calmly. "Tell him you're going with me." "I'm afraid I shall have to," she said. "And I know what he will say." However, it was sufficient for the day, and I looked thoughtfully at the clock. "Perhaps you're busy?" said Prudence in a consciencestricken voice. "Very," I said ruthlessly. "Must get ready for tomorrow." And Prudence Grumjaw went away. 88 THE FREEWOMAN December 21, 1911 When she was gone, I discovered her bundle of tracts, lying forgotten on the table, and in my haste threw them on the fire; but afterwards I regretted the waste, for these might have been used. I looked thoughtfully at the ashes, and began to consider the ways of investors; from thence it was an easy step to the general question of sanctity. "We go up and down, in the balance," I said; but the philosopher fled, at the remembrance of Saul Grumjaw's nearlyapound weight. My forecast turned out to be quite correct, when Prudence called on me the next morning—fairly early. "Well?" I said. "He's awfully wild about it," said Prudence, fingering the crucifix. "What did he say?" I inquired placidly. "What didn't he say !" said she. "And at last he said that he would wash his hands of the whole business." "It's too late to do that now," I said; but of course Prudence misapplied it. "I knew he wouldn't like it," she said. "Couldn't you take George?" "The pit is the place for him," I said. "Are you going, or not?" "I don't know," she said doubtfully. "Very well," I answered, "I'm busy. If you're going, I'll see you at the station." "I'm sure I shan't be able to," said Prudence and went fearfully away. I am willing to admit that I might not have been so lofty had I been in funds; but as it was, the hope of saving fifteen shillings grew upon me. Naturally, these grew only to wither, and when I found her on the platform, my hand sought my waistcoat pocket. At the bottom of Chancery Lane I halted Prudence, while I went into a place with a side door; and when I returned to her, I was ten shillings better off, for a while; but I was without a watch! "Where are we going?" she asked presently. "This way," I said, and we went westwards, while I considered things. Purely as an experiment, I was anxious to see how she would stand a hall; but the ways of these were too obvious, and possibly I rose above temptation. I remembered, too, that musical comedy might not be without interest; and in search of this, I led her to the leggiest. When I parted with ten shillings, she looked quite thoughtful; and as soon as we sat down, she said inquisitively: "I thought you had the tickets?" "They sent them," I answered. "Pay when they're used." She looked doubtful, possibly she knew a little about the competitive system, or the state of credit, but the rising of the curtain kept her quiet. From one point of view it was quite a success, for although she contrived not to laugh during the first five minutes, it was not long afterwards before she fell. Sometimes she would look a little puzzled, until I explained a joke; but there were a goodly few that did not require translation, and she laughed most at these. In a normal state, one could sit out the insipid dancing and legshaking and general absurdities without more than a slight chastening of spirit; but the effect of the show on Prudence was my undoing, for as I watched her, I saw that she believed herself to be galloping hellwards, and that she liked the ride. Curiously enough, after this glimpse, I preferred the pedestrian distributor of tracts, as unlikely to be so monotonous; but one could not resist the temptation to lash the horse, although one might have to stop the brute if it bolted. The intervals were not too close together; but after the third, I began to take an interest in things. "Prudence," I said mendaciously, "I've just seen your curate." "Oh, I hope he hasn't seen me !" she said. "The boot's on the other leg," I answered, and she looked at the stage. "They're shoes," she said "But where did you see him?" "He's come out again," I replied. "I've always thought there was something wrong about him," she said virtuously. "Where is he?" "He was talking to a—lady," I replied indirectly. "But I think they're gone." "I know," said Prudence unblushingly; "I know," and I wondered how she would let everyone else know, without disclosure of her own affairs; but no doubt it could be done. However, I let it grow; for she seemed anxious to miss nothing of the last act, and after the way she'd been brought up even this was quite an education. When the curtain fell, I was bound to admit that so far it had been a successful experiment, and in the first flush of gratitude, I squandered some more of Saul Grumjaw's money, in the hire of a cab to the station; but that outlay I have never regretted. At the station, I saw her looking carefully around at the people waiting for the last train; but there was no sign of the curate, and I felt sure that she knew the worst about him. However, I was saved any further strain, for the carriages were nearly full, and we were not alone until the train drew up at the last station but one. Even then, Prudence had seen and heard too much to be talkative; and as we drew nearer to our destination, I saw that she was lapsing. "He'll be like a bear," she said presently. "Never mind," I said soothingly; "try a dance on him." Prudence looked reproachfully at me. "There were a lot of other things, not at all nice," she said, quite in her setting again. "Nothing half so nasty as your tracts," I answered; "the chimney has smoked ever since." "You didn't burn them?" she asked. "Of course," I said, and Prudence shook her head, as enjoined by authority. "It was simply wicked," she said, and I was too tired to laugh; but she continued in repentance. "I don't think I ought to have gone," she said. "And he'll be in such a rage." "Slave morality," I murmured cheerfully. "It's nothing to laugh at," said Prudence. "He'll be waiting." "I should like to see him," I answered; but she did not understand. "Now?" said she. "Why, it must be awfully late." "The darkest hour is before the dawn," I said, quite uaware how soon it would arrive for me. "What time is it?" she asked impatiently. "I hardly know," I said, but her eye was upon my watchchain. I had always known that she possessed all the requisites for commercial success; and so one was not surprised when she leaned forward and pulled at the chain. "Wherever is your watch?" she asked, for a moment quite surprised at the sight of the lone chain. "Must have lost it," I said indifferently; but my guardian angel whispered the truth, and Prudence had attentive ears. "I know," she said; "I know. I've been wondering all the time why you went into that December 21, 1911 THE FREEWOMAN 89 place"; but we were then at our journey's end, and she was silent until clear of the station. "Oh, how could you do such a thing !" she said indignantly, as soon as we were outside. "So you think it was quite disgraceful, do you?" I asked hopefully; and Prudence drew a long breath. "Disgraceful," she said; "I'll never forgive it." "Never?" I asked. "Never," said Prudence. "Oh, if father" "We can congratulate ourselves," I said; but Prudence turned on her heel, and I heard her snorting as she hurried towards paternal wrath. W. L. Cribb. Freewomen and the BirthRate. II. IN the freewoman of the 7th inst., a correspondent, signing herself "Isabel Leatham," refers to my previous communication with, as I am glad to find, practically complete sympathy on what may be called the philosophical side of the question. I wish indeed that all Suffragists and Feminists would realise the truth of her excellent remark, that the overpopulation difficulty is the fundamental tyranny from which all others spring. This was the main point of my communication, and I am absolutely certain that a realisation of it is badly needed in order to rationalise and animate the whole progressive woman's movement. With unlimited maternity no social institutions whatever can eliminate poverty, disease, and death, and prevent the degradation of women into servitude, nor will Women Suffrage, even if obtainable, produce anything like the benefits claimed by many of its more ardent supporters, except in so far as the education it gives to women in asserting their own individuality leads them to claim the control of what is essentially their own domain. And in the meantime an acquaintance with this doctrine is most essential for Suffragist speakers in order to carry any conviction when dealing with economic questions. For example, Women's Suffrage will certainly tend to equalise women's wages with men's for the same work; but it will not raise wages all round, unless the total supply of labour is reduced in comparison with the demand. The working classes are already keenly alive to this in many cases, and I have often observed that the Suffragist speakers have failed to carry conviction on the economic side of their arguments, simply because they neglect the fundamental question of population, and AntiSuffragist speakers have frequently been able to gain the advantage, not because they understand the question any better, but because they can point to facts which are inconsistent with the Suffragists' claims. Faith in an ideal, however beautiful, such as State Socialism or Women's Suffrage, is of little value unless it is justified and backed by scientific investigation, and the most zealous of Women Suffragists will make comparatively little headway with the men of the country until they can give some real grounds for the belief that Women's Suffrage will bring about an improvement of economic conditions. In my opinion, the great apathy which still exists on this question, will never be dispelled to any great extent until the women come forward with new arguments, showing how the control of motherhood by Freewomen will really strike at the root of poverty, raise wages, and immensely improve the quality of the race by the refusal to propagate hereditary unfitness. And just as unlimited maternity must sink woman into degradation, with consciously controlled motherhood nothing can prevent her from taking the place to which she is entitled, as the equal or superior of man, with equal freedom and responsibility, secure of real instead of pretended respect, and looked up to as the fountain of life and humanity. Physical force or destruction cannot weigh as dust in the balance against control of the creation of life, and if women would only calmly refuse to be mothers until the State recognised them as citizens, their enfranchisement would be proffered them on bended knee, without the need for any effort or contest—and they would have done a signal service to the nation as well as themselves by the respite. Unfortunately, the idea of selfsacrifice, which has always been drilled into women, makes it difficult to convince them that they will serve their country best by looking after their own selfinterest more; and so the weary round of speechmaking, imprisonment, and wasted energy must go on a little longer, while the simple, direct, and essentially feminine means of protest lies ready to hand, but neglected. Unfortunately also, the prejudices which nearly two thousand years of the degradation of the most beautiful and truly sacred functions of human existence have ingrained into us have made it almost impossible for us to look upon this subject with true reverence and with clear and unfaltering vision. This is exemplified, I venture to think, by Mrs. Leatham herself, when she tells us that the means whereby restriction of births is brought about are, in her opinion, "a gross outrage on the aesthetic sensibilities of women, and the final mark of their sexual degradation." Were this true, I should indeed be sorry, as I confess to seeing no hope for the elevation of womanhood and the race in any other direction. It may well be that there are certain methods which would not commend themselves to delicate susceptibilities, but the means of restriction known today are far too numerous and varied to be condemned in a wholesale manner. Were Mrs. Leatham to see what is being done by educated and refined women, more especially on the Continent, towards helping their sisters in this direction, she would realise, I fancy, that such help is compatible with a higher level of culture and aesthetic sensibility than she is inclined to suppose. Moreover, we have only to consider what is actually going on around us to see that the term "sexual degradation" is hardly a suitable one to apply. Limitation of births is now practised to an enormous extent in every civilised country, and to the greatest extent by the most educated and refined classes. Are we to understand, then, that it is among these classes that the sexual degradation of women is greatest? Frankly, I have always thought that it was entirely the other way, and that this kind of degradation was exemplified to the highest degree by the poor woman with her unchecked fertility leading to the annual baby, the drain on her health and strength, the despairing fight against poverty and overwork, resulting too often in despair, apathy, drunkenness, and neglect of the children. And even in more refined circles, FEMINIST PUBLISHERS and BOOKSELLERS. A large variety of Books dealing with questions of all kinds affecting WOMEN always in stock. All Books mentioned in this Paper may be obtained at the INTERNATIONAL SUFFRAGE SHOP, 15, ADAM STREET, STRAND, W.C. 90 THE FREEWOMAN December 21, 1911 what of the wife of the poor curate, such as is painted for us by George Eliot in her "Amos Barton." Or, again, what of the Czarina of Russia, or the young Queen of Spain? Can anything exemplify the sexual degradation of women more than Luther's dictum—"If a woman becomes weary, or at last dead, from bearing, that matters not; let her only die from bearing. She is there to do it"? I am only a man, and suppose that my moral senses must be blunted, and aesthetic sense weak. But I would infinitely rather occupy the nethermost depths of that inferno which some theologians inform us is prepared for those who commit the sin of artificial limitation than share eternal bliss with Luther, at the price of inflicting the continued tortures of undesired maternity upon an unfortunate woman, and of bringing helpless little creatures into the world, for whom there is no prospect of preparing a proper place or welcome. Both for the individual and society this is to me the crime of crimes before which all others are comparatively unimportant. And when I look round and see how the awakening of women is taking place in every direction, step by step, with the fall of the birthrate; when I see young men and women enabled to marry early in the heyday of their youth and love, learning how to live and grow together for a few years first, and to prepare a nest for the two or three children they are prepared to do justice to; when I see the healthy, wellcaredfor little ones in our garden suburbs; and when I know that disease and infantile mortality is being rapidly overcome, I feel a glow of aesthetic pleasure which I would not change for anything in the world. And when I compare the status of the Frenchwoman, with her limited family, strong, capable, and healthy, looked up to as the head of the family and revered by her sons, with that of her German sister, toiling like a drudge for her numerous family, and despised by all mankind, I must be forgiven for smiling at the idea of sexual degradation, or of any deteriorating effect upon character. There is just one thing, however, which must be said upon the latter point. A great many actions may have either an elevating or deteriorating effect upon character, depending upon the motives with which they are undertaken, and this has undoubtedly an important bearing upon the present question. The chief reason for the restriction already practised is most certainly an economic one, i.e., that people have felt that their incomes did not permit them to maintain a sufficiently high standard of living with a large family, or of doing justice to the children. But, at the same time, the diatribes of the Bishops, together with the prejudices of the past, and the supposed need of high birthrates for the nation and empire, must most certainly have caused considerable misgiving among many as to the justification of their action, and there are few actions, however really useful they may be, which may not have evil effects if people imagine that they are really against the public interest. To me, one of the greatest wonders is the remarkably good result of family limitation in this country, in spite of the almost universal profession, until just recently, that such conduct was immoral; and we can only feel that when both women and men alike realise the truth of John Stuart Mill's dictum, that limitation of families is an absolute essential, not only to individual and social wellbeing, but to any real improvement in morality, we shall have a moral advance and awakening such as the world has never yet experienced. CHARLES V. DRYSDALE. Correspondence. To the Editors of The freewoman. In your first issue (which I have only just seen, and on which I offer you my hearty congratulations), there is one point which I should like to criticise. In Notes of the Week you say you do not find it easy to understand those who regard the Vote as a symbol of freedom. Well, clearly, it depends on how one is using the word "symbol." You say that the Vote is only a part, and Feminism the whole. I quite agree, and that is precisely why I have always regarded the Suffrage as a symbol. In speaking of it as such, I have meant just exactly that. I can see small, though, no doubt, some, value in the Vote as a means to improve woman's material conditions, but I can see (or think I can) its value psychologically. I am therefore enthusiastic about Woman's Suffrage, but since my enthusiasm is not for the Vote, as such, but for something beyond it, how else should I speak of the Vote but as a symbol? Those of us who regard Feminism as the goal must naturally judge Suffragism by a Feminist standard. In other words, we support Woman's Suffrage simply because it is a step in the direction of Feminism. We care for its significance rather than itself. We do not say necessarily that the Vote is a recognised badge or symbol of freedom in all circumstances, but that it shall be for us in this case something, round which the latent forces of Feminism may rally—something, in fact, which may serve as a concrete symbol of a spiritual aspiration towards freedom, i.e., Feminism. So much for that. It is only a matter of words after all. There is another matter I should like to speak about. In your issue of December 7th, I was much surprised to find that you mildly approved the Insurance Bill. It is difficult to understand how, with your principles of freedom, you can fail to condemn legislation of this kind. In principle, the Bill is surely subversive of personal liberty, and whether the advantages it gives are great or small is beside the point. Of course, there can be no such thing as absolute liberty of action, but compulsion can only be justified when the individual compelled is using his liberty to the detriment of others. Compulsion may be justified, for instance, in the case of a limitation of hours in a factory, on the ground that those individuals who are willing to work abnormally long hours virtually compel others to do the same. But insurance is surely a personal matter. Failure to insure harms no one but oneself, and I can see no justification for compulsion in the matter. Were the Bill noncompulsory or noncontributory (which in this case implies noncompulsion), I should have nothing to urge against it on the principle of freedom, but in its present form it is clearly a precedent for State interference in personal liberties without regard to whether those liberties are abused or not. Once the principle of the Insurance Bill is accepted, what is to prevent a compulsory threepence a week for compulsory hoti baths, another threepence for compulsory standard bread, and so on. In fact, why shouldn't the State spend the whole of the wages of the poorer classes? No doubt it would spend them most sensibly, but I have a suspicion that the poor, in common with the rest of mankind, have a preference for making their own purchases (however foolishly), and I am certain it is much better for them to do so. J. R. W. Tanner. [Reference to this letter is made in the current "Notes of the Week."—Ed.] To the Editors of the freewoman. It is very kind of I. D. Pearce to leave me the last words. Let these be: (1) That if I resented feminine criticism, I should hardly have addressed my article to a woman's journal; (2) that, as a father, I am not wholly ignorant of the dangers of maternity, or wholly unsympathetic with them; (3) that, so far from condoning the excesses and irresponsibility of my own sex in such matters, I have proposed that men should in all cases be liable before the law to the full extent of their means for any children they may cause to be brought into the world. On this last point I fancy I should have more cause to be restive under masculine than under feminine criticism. Edmund B. d'Auvergne. To the Editors of The freewoman. I have been much interested in your paper so far, and more especially in the correspondence columns, because I must confess they have been so full of surprises for me. The furious letters in reply to your fearless criticism of the W.S.P.U. were, I fear, to be expected, but I must admit to being grossly surprised that no one has as yet December 21, 1911 THE FREEWOMAN 91 urged the value to the suffrage movement of frank criticism from convinced Suffragists. Owing to the abuse heaped on us by our numerous enemies, it has been not only expedient but practically necessary for the members of the various societies to refrain from adverse criticism of each other, but I consider the absence of that criticism has been most unfortunate nevertheless; and now that the militant Suffragists have successfully got through the period when every man's, and almost every woman's, hand was against them, it seems to me to be likely to become disastrous. If we have learnt to pay no heed to the criticism of our opponents, discredited as it is by its entire unfairness, only to imagine ourselves above all criticism, then is our condition lamentable indeed. But I cannot imagine that to be the case, and I cannot agree with those of your correspondents who say that it can be left to the enemies of our cause. The candid friends can be of great use to us, all the more that we are not obliged to consider all their pronouncements infallible; and I hope I am not alone when I express the hope that the editors of The freewoman will continue freely to publish their opinions of the actions of all the suffrage societies. And in case my acquiescence in your critical attitude should be attributed to the fact that I am not a member of the W.S.P.U., I should like to add that I received the criticism of Mrs. BillingtonGreig with regard to the Freedom League with the same calm; indeed, I agreed with much of it, and if I no longer consider her opinion of much practical use, it is because she never made it sufficiently clear that her quarrel was with the suffrage societies, and not with the idea. In conclusion, let me say that, though from some points of view it may be depressing that we should find so many Suffragists who cannot distinguish between methods and aims, it has its advantages also, as proving that our movement does not merely make appeal to a few high intellects, but also gathers in the rank and file of average British intelligence. And, therefore, because the suffrage societies contain women of every sort, I beg for the continuance of that impartial criticism which is productive of ideas to those capable of receiving them, remembering meanwhile that "there is no reason that we should deprive a wise man of any advantage to his wisdom, while we seek to restrain from a fool that which, being restrained, will be no hindrance to his folly." Constance Tite. To the Editors of The Freewoman. 'Pon my word, you editors are monstrous and horribly cantankerous young cats. You inveigle a poor male contributor into your columns in order that you may devour him at your leisure. Even worse, you do it with the kindly, sympathetic air that provokes a horribly lazy man to some sort of reply. Well, I've put a false construction upon your meaning of Freewoman. I'm sorry you didn't accept my interpretation, for now, as une femme incomprise, you become tremendously oldfashioned. I don't think I was thinking of isolation, but I don't know, for I haven't either a copy of what you or I wrote. (I pass The Freewoman on to likely subscribers.) I agree absolutely with you, that the workingclass girl has only Hobson's choice. But my point is that Miss Hobson's choice is exactly the same as Mr. Hobson's. Miss Hobson has to take the best wages she can get, so has Mr. Hobson. Miss Hobson has to choose her mate from among the men that encompass her just as Mr. Hobson must choose his. My case exactly is that "she marries on account of the development of certain common emotions developing in her." The middleclass young lady has to repress these emotions—hence much with which I am, as a physician, only too familiar. Of course, the workingclass girl has not free choice as to the existence of the emotions any more than she has as to the colour of her eyes. She reads, very sensibly, in her literature about people and things she doesn't get round her every day. It's the middleclass who delight in Mr. Pett Ridge and Mr. Neil Lyons, but no sensible gentleman would like to marry Clara. I have myself a predilection for detective stories and romances in general —probably because I'm a staid, respectable, middleaged practitioner. Certainly, I fail to recognise whatever there is of genius in the "Modern Women's Movement"—if it is a movement towards "the freedom of the will." Psychologically there is no such freedom, and metaphysically you can't move towards it. God has given freedom to man and woman—it may be cloaked, soiled, misused, but there it is. The freedom of the individual soul I will not argue about; it is an axiom of Christianity which for personal reasons I would leave out of your Review were I even competent to discuss it. I'm sorry but I'm a misunderstood man now. I'm quite prepared to write about practical schemes for the endowment of motherhood—only I couldn't deal with it at the end of an article that was already too long—when, moreover, an editor was clamouring for copy which was, of course, late. I'm lecturing on the subject this Sunday, and so far as I can shall go on writing and lecturing about it until it becomes the death of M. D. Eder. A working girl having just come, I asked her if she'd like to marry one of the handsome baronets she was reading about in her Horner. "Lord, no—they're all right to read about; but I shouldn't know how to speak to him" (the h's are all right), and much more, which I spare you. 9 9 1 To the Editors of THE freewoman. In spite of your apology for allowing so much of the space of The freewoman to be taken up by the W.S.P.U., I feel impelled to say how very regrettable I think it is. In " Notes of the Week" there is this sentence :— "... personal attacks necessitate personal replies, and such personal replies will not fail to be forthcoming in the pages of The Freewoman." I am sorry if that is so. It is, I think, one of the grave weaknesses of women that they cannot, as a rule, keep the personal element out of an argument, and so they are unable to see any point of view clearly, and without bias. It is one of the things from which we have to free ourselves. Therefore, I think that in such a paper as The Freewoman there must be no room for personalities. The women of the W.S.P.U. are in bondage to mistaken ideas, and although The Freewoman should give them all its space from cover to cover, they would not be convinced. They have yet to realise that the emancipation of women is a thing which they must achieve for themselves, and that no politician or no Bill can give it to them. We who in some degree see what an infinitely greater thing it is that a woman should possess her own soul than that she should have the vote, look to The Freewoman for intellectual stimulus, and would regret to see it degenerate into a fencing ground for the champions of the W.S.P.U. I write this because I hope for so much from The Freewoman, and because I am filled with admiration for your courage and your brave venture. Dec. 12th, 1911. Mary Neilson Murray. [An editorial note on "personalities" has been omitted owing to lack of space.—Ed.] To the Editors of The Freewoman. The most striking fact about the controversy over motherhood which has been raging in your journal is that so far it has been conducted by men and childless women. Now, granted that men are unable to comprehend the sufferings of childbirth to which your correspondent I. D. Pearce so sympathetically refers, I fail to see that the childless woman is in any better case. As a mother, I confess if seems extraordinary to me that mothers generallv should be silent while single women are so constantly dinning into the ears of the world man's enormity in forcing motherhood upon our sex. To some of us, at any rate, motherhood is a blessing to be sought after, well worth the suffering and inconvenience it entails. To pretend that motherhood (I do not, of course, mean excessive motherhood) is an infliction is an insult and degrading to our sex. Some of your correspondents seem to thing that women generally become mothers against their will simply to earn their board and lodging. I fail to see that motherhood is inimical to the creation of "new thoughts, new aspirations, and new ideals," to quote I. D. Pearce. Of course it would be hardly worth while producing ideas if there were no posterity to benefit by them. It seems to me a queer way of raising the standard of the race to sterilise the women of ideas. A 'Varsity Woman. To the Editors of The Freewoman. In begging you to make me a subscriber for a preliminary canter of three months I do not thereby signify my agreement with all that your paper—judging by its first two numbers—stands for. To anyone so keen on the allround enfranchisement of women as I am, your leading articles on "Bondwomen" come with a sort of chill. If freedom can be attained only by an infinitely small number of "SuperWomen" it seems to me hardly worth fighting for at all, for privileged women in outstanding positions in the arts, and victoriously able to earn for themselves not only a living, but a reputation, have already as much freedom as is good for anyone. If your paper is only going to extol and champion such, and look with no more than a disdainful tolerance on the needs of the vast masses of average women in all departments of life, public and private, then it seems to me that its specialised appeal will render it of but little use to the 92 THE FREWOMAN December 21, 1911 general cause of freedom. Perhaps, however, subsequent articles will temper the impression made by your first leaders. It is with this hope that I continue to take the paper. I am sorry, also, that you found it desirable to attack the W.S.P.U. Whether that society is right or wrong in its present attitude, time alone can prove. Nobody at present can assert with an absolute assurance that the shadow of an amendment in the Reform Bill is better than the substance of the support that was assured to the Conciliation Bill, or that Mr. Lloyd George's championship is more valuable than that of all the nonparty supporters of the "torpedoed" measure who have consistently spoken in favour of women's suffrage in and out of Parliament for several years. While this doubt exists, militant action cannot but be helpful in putting on their mettle those members of the Government who take a confident stand for the promised amendment. Whatever harm the militants succeed in inflicting is inflicted first and foremost on themselves, and I fail to see why, if they are prepared to bear in their own persons buffeting and imprisonment, other societies, though working on other lines, or with other sympathies, should pour contumely on their sacrifices. Lastly, I view with some misgivings the tendency in your paper towards a glorification of freedom in all that concerns sex impulses. If civilisation be anything but an empty word it means the subordination of all impulses that are antisocial, and no impulses if allowed to run riot are more antisocial than the sex impulses. By all means let woman's position in marriage be drastically changed, by all means let her have every possible chance to unite herself with the man she loves, by all means make her children hers in the eyes of the law, and facilitate divorce in every possible manner, but don't encourage either men or women to believe that any satisfactory society can be built up on the basis of a complete freedom in sex matters. One might as well try to build an edifice on an active volcano, for nothing in nature is more unstable, unreasonable, and capricious than the sexinstinct when separated from any idea of duty, honour, or spiritualmindedness. I have said nothing about many excellent articles in your first two numbers, but I imply my approval by saying that I wish your new venture all prosperity. E. M. Watson. Dec. 11th, 1911. To the Editors of The Freewoman. As a member of the Men's Political Union I cannot agree with your criticism of militancy at this juncture. I heard and saw Lloyd George speaking at Bath, and his tongue was in his cheek while he spoke of woman's suffrage and watched us thrown out. Don't be taken in by him. I do not write, however, on this account alone, but because it is impossible for anyone loving fair play to allow such exhibitions as various W.S.P.U. members have made of themselves to pass without a protest. Your paper has very deeply interested me, and, with the New Age, forms the two indispensables to everyone. Keep up your admirable pluck during the present storm, and for goodness' sake don't go and get snuffed out. You are the one thing needful. The hostility of your reception proves that. Good luck from an M. P. U'er. To the Editors of The Freewoman. I must ask you to return my subscription to your paper. I saw your name on the Clement's Inn list, and understood from your circular the paper would be for progress. I am amazed at any modern woman countenancing the contents. The attack on the spinster or unmarried woman, if not so ludicrous, is morally objectionable, and the article on marriage worthy of an Eastern or the farmyard. How you who have suffered for the cause can allow such articles to be published I cannot imagine. Is not the Suffragist movement trying to clean up those rotten and unwholesome ideas? Might I suggest that the "Bondwoman" is a much more appropriate name for your paper than The Freewoman? H. Sloane. To the Editors of The Freewoman. Please go on! You cannot have any idea how funny you all are. I haven't laughed so much since I was young. No one would ever have dreamed that people of such portentous intellectuality could be so supremely—and quite unconsciously—diverting. And as it doesn't seem to have struck you, I am sure you will be very glad to be told of it. I hope you will keep going; it is quite as good as Monsieur Péllissier. What I am wondering is, whether the doctrine of "feminism," when finally disentangled—with close application and a wet towel round the head o' nights—from the sensational columns of The Freewoman, will result in a heavy crop of "superwomen?" Also whether, when they do appear, they will cherish so lofty a disregard for the ordinary facts of human life, for a sense of humour, and for ideas of proportion, as the heralds of their advent, the editors? Of all the mistakes and misfortunes of which my unlucky sex have been the victims, that would be the worst. But I am not unduly apprehensive. I do not anticipate a great uprising of "Freewomen" just yet. And you are indubitably adding to the gaiety of nations in a world of "dull dogs," for which my hearty thanks and blessing. I shall follow your entertaining career, as far as it will allow me, with joy. C. NINA BOYLE. [Miss Boyle's hilarity is infectious! Although at a loss for a reason, we are drawn into sharing her mirth. We hope it will similarly infect our readers, or, as Miss Boyle describes us all, "the dull dogs." It is Christmas, and at such times the dogs should not be dull!—Ed.] To the Editors of The Freewoman. Having read your paper with interest, I should like to ask you a question. Granting existing marriage laws and conventions are about as faulty as possible, what would you substitute? As a Suffragette I work for legal equality and exactly divided responsibility. What the Freewoman wants—unless Free Love—I cannot make out. I do not think that to make our morality on a plane with men's would improve our position, or that anything but a lasting tie would satisfy a woman. When she marries she gives so much more than a man that she must have a hold on him, and it depends on herself which side is let in for the collar work. As for being merely the instrument of pleasure, a woman's desire is, in general, no mean second to a man's. If every Suffrage society and paper, backed up by the already overwhelming public and medical opinion, were to call for the elimination or sterilisation of the unfit of both sexes, and for medical regulation of marriage, they would justify their existence—and subscription lists— as they have not, so far, done. Let women experience passion, an they will, but to be complete, it is not necessary to "play every note in the sexual scale"; it requires too many men. Man was created a polygamous animal, and woman a monogamous one. We are far enough ahead now to decide on just what we want, and to cease beating round the bush. Cailin Dhu. December 13th, 1911. To the Editors of the freewoman. I have been a most interested reader of the first three numbers of the freewoman. What I especially liked about the first two numbers was that they did not hesitate to deal with facts plainly, but they never descended to coarseness. But, on reading the paper published December 7th, I was disappointed to find that you had printed a letter—I think most readers will know to which I refer— which, to my mind, is scarcely in keeping with the tone of your paper. It seems to me a great pity that the tone of your admirable and necessary publication should be in any way lowered, which in such a paper is the danger, to be expected—and avoided. DOROTHY G. LEETE. P.S.—I refer, of course, to the letter from Eve Gill. [We surmise that the reference is to Mr. Eric Gill's remark anent the dethronement of the Virgin and the incidental nature of the mothering of sons. We gathered that, for some reason, Mr. Gill's indignation was so deep that it could only find expression in ironical form, which form evidently was distasteful to our correspondent. Personally, we consider that these deep rages are best exposed to the genial air of publicity. It keeps them healthy. We prefer, therefore, to publish such expressions whenever their terms will allow of publishing.—Ed.] To the Editors of The Freewoman. You say, "The mutilation referred to is a quotation from a pamphlet written by Miss Gawthorpe" (sic). The mutilations complained of are: (1) The numbers heading the questions were deleted. (2) The paragraph, "Feeling that one 'can produce new evidence of creative force' is not of much use if one is deprived of the instrument whereby the liberty of producing is protected," was removed from the early part of my letter, and reinserted more than one and a half columns away, accompanied by the comment, "We have endeavoured to extract a meaning from the above phraseology, but find it difficult. December 21, 1911 THE FREEWOMAN 93 (3) A quotation from "Votes for Men," in support of a remark, was omitted, though why one should be precluded from quoting Miss Gawthorpe, because she is out of town, I am at a loss to conceive. The quotation in question springs up this week à propos of nothing, and having my signature appended, as though I had sent it in conjunction with other matters, to which it has no relation. (4) Other paragraphs have changed places. It would be easier to forgive a person who puts one's name to a cheque than one who took a similar liberty with a letter whose form had been altered and the meaning obscured. The only way in which the readers of a paper can lay their views before their fellowreaders is by means of the timehonoured "letter to the editor." How can fair criticism be elicited, if such letters be metamorphosed in this fashion? Who is willing to risk sending signed communications to a journal under these circumstances? I shall be obliged if you will, in fairness, publish this protest. Subject to present conditions, I will not intrude further on your space. Helen Gordon Clark, M.D. December 15th, 1911. [(1) Well, well! (2) We reprint the first questions in the order as given. If anyone finds that the difference of order puts any more sense into Dr. Clark's observations, we are glad for our correspondent's sake. Question 1: "Is The Freewoman a Suffragist or an antiSuffragist publication?" Question 2: "The paragraph, 'It appears of more importance to the cause of Votes for Women,' etc. (see page 23), suggests that the editors fancy they are forwarding that cause; but a previous statement concerning the cult of the Suffragist as compared with that of the Freewoman is reminiscent of the AntiSuffrage Review in its better moments—a platitudinous exposition of beautiful beliefs unaccompanied by any practical suggestion as to their realisation." "Feeling that one 'can produce new evidence of creative force' is not of much use if one is deprived of the instrument whereby the liberty of producing is protected." "As Miss Gawthorpe says in Votes for Men, when speaking of their freedom, 'I want them to see how all the social structures of which they are so proud, their achievements in education, trade unionism, and cooperation, centred round the demands for political recognition.' " (3) The other alteration of order was in the case of the question relating to Mr. Nuttall. We brought it from the rear to the front. It was too exquisitely funny to be placed in a back seat. (4) Dr. Clark may ask questions in any order she pleases. We may answer such questions, if we answer them at all, in any order we please.—Ed.] 9 To the Editors of The Freewoman. It is with surprise and annoyance that I see my letter published in this week's Freewoman. It is, of course, possible that I neglected to mark it "not for publication," but in view of the fact that my previous letters certainly were so marked, and that I made a very clear request that in case of comment being made on them my anonymity should be preserved, I consider that I am entitled to an apology. If I may be allowed to conclude my part in an unpleasant discussion, I should like to point out that when the editor penned the "Notes" of last week she was apparently herself under the impression that she was offering the W.S.P.U. a brandnew idea—an alternative of civil war in six months' time to windowbreaking at the present moment. She even taunts us with carrying the Hampden analogy no farther than tax resistance. Now, as far as I can understand her reply to me, she wishes to repudiate the authorship of the attractive scheme. But readers who have any knowledge of militant "boasts" will be able to judge for themselves to whom the extravagant proposal belongs. E. Jacobs. We have received the following from the organising secretary of the Department of Home Science and Economics at King's College for Women, London University :— "May I ask you to be so kind as to insert in an early issue of The Freewoman a note with regard to the letter from Lady Meyer which appeared in the last issue? From Lady Meyer's known interest in the Home Science and Economics Courses at this College, it may be inferred that her letter was an official reply to the article on the Courses which appeared in your first issue. With her approval, therefore, we think it best to explain that she wrote as an individual, apart from her association with this work. The reason for this note is that, although you kindly invited a reply, it had been decided that no official reply should be sent. "M. A. Julius, p.p. E. M. P." The Editors' Reply To Cailin Dhu. In a series of about six articles (which will appear shortly in The Freewoman) the questions and observations of Cailin Dhu might partially be answered. To the query regarding "Free Love," we would say that if The Freewoman accomplishes nothing beyond, it will at least accomplish this: it will laugh out of existence the crass absurdity embodied in the juxtaposition of the two words, "FreeLove." We might as sensibly speak of coldice or blackdarkness, with a corresponding implication that there can be warmice and lightdarkness. So only when our correspondent removes the capitals and the redundant "free" shall we feel we are, in common sense, justified in discussing freewomen and love. All love is free. When love is bound it shows the modifications of its nature which will soon turn it into something else. So ice, in other than cold surroundings, will not long remain ice. Love—not free—will soon not be love. Also when our correspondent says woman is born monogamous and man polygamous, we cannot agree. Neither are born either one thing or the other. Monogamy and polygamy are merely social conventions, with nothing "natural" in either. This does not say that neither is good, but for further discussion of this point we must ask our correspondent to await Part II. of "The New Morality," which appears next week. We are compelled, however, to note the curious remark, "Let women experience passion as they will, but to be complete, it is not necessary to 'play every note in the sexual scale'; it requires too many men." When one grasps the import of this, it does tend to make imagination reel. We certainly think it an educational process of value and pleasure "to play every note in the sexual scale," but we see no reason why one man would not suffice for the process, while we do see in the limitation of time and human energy the difficulty of going through the scale with many men." For our correspondent surely does not imagine that the libertine and prostitute draw out the harmonies and discords of the scale. We believe that by constantly playing on one note, to the exclusion of all others sexually, they not only annul the effectiveness which the note would have as part of a scale, but by constant insistence upon producing it they deprive it finally of its power to emit any kind of sound. In regard to elimination and sterilisation of the "unfit," we hasten to say "festina lente"! If some of the scientists had come across our sires and grandsires in the state of their unfitness, how our hypothetical existences would have been dashed! Notwithstanding the eugenists, in these things, as some philosopher has said, "You never can tell"! To Dr. Eder. We are obliged to Dr. Eder for the pleasant compliment that we do our work so well. It is our business to inveigle male and female contributors into our columns, as it is also our business to pounce upon anything which appears to lend itself to the process of being pounced upon. As to Dr. Eder's arguments, we hold there must be some difference between Mr. and Miss Hobson to account for the fact that though each takes what each can get in wages, Mr. Hobson can get more than Miss. That is the difference which Dr. Eder takes no account of. There is a difference between an average wage of 16s. 6d. a week and an average wage of 7s. 6d. That difference— hairsplitting though it may appear—represents all the differentiation as to training and outlook between male and female Hobsons, and it is a differentiation which concerns sex. It forms the point from which we start operations. Hence our insistence on it. Again in marriage, even among the very poor, male Hobson looks round with an air of choosing which is unfamiliar to Miss Hobson. He feels he chooses his woman; his woman feels she is chosen. As to the "freedom of the will," Dr. Eder makes statements, we make others. In this way we shall not get much "forwarder." He says that psychologically there is no such thing as "freedom of the will," and that metaphysically one "cannot move towards it." We say we know from individual experience that it is one of the commonplaces of psychology that in consciousness the will can be "bond" and it can be "free." We know it can, because we have felt it. This sounds final. In experience it is 94 THE FREEWOMAN December 21, 1911 final; whether it is final as regards its psychology, Dr. Eder may or may not think it worth while to fight out. Consequently, in the realm of psychology, without even approaching the realm of metaphysics, we say we can "move towards" freedom of the will, inasmuch as we can intensify the consciousness of the "free" or "not free" condition of the will. As to the workinggirl who has basely betrayed her allegiance to Horner's, we have a suspicion that Dr. Eder "rushed" her in making her decision. Had he offered her, in addition to the beautiful baronet, a free month's course under a "teacher of manners and deportment," and a free run of the frock and bonnet shops, her answer would in all probability have been very different.—Ed. To Mrs. W. W. Jacobs. No, Mrs. Jacobs is not entitled to any apology. There was no indication in her letter as to nonpublication, and as for the contents, they could scarcely be regarded as the chatty remarks of a personal communication. If the publication has caused Mrs Jacobs annoyance, we are sorry she did not take the precautions which would have prevented it. At the same time, we do wonder with what motive such letters are written if not for publication. Mrs. Jacobs says "she even taunts us with carrying the Hampden analogy no farther than tax resistance." The "even" is redundant. We taunted them deliberately, and hoped we had laboured the point with sufficient emphasis. Those who have been responsible—and I take it that Mrs. Jacobs has not—for organising actual militant "protests," and therefore have been compelled to differentiate between "spiritual" militancy and "actual" militancy, have long ago realised the overwhelming popularity of the spiritual variety among those militants who limit their "physical" militancy to clapping, and who in return for which services receive the luxurious sensations which are derived from imagining themselves in more heroic situations than their native endowment of courage would lead them to. Perhaps Mrs. Jacobs, like so many other nonmilitant "militants," is unaware that the militant women who from time to time have had to come forward to redeem the big phrases of the boasters, have had a special category in which they have placed the "clappers" of militant deeds. Now, does Mrs. Jacobs understand our estimation of the advocacy of Hampdenism and Civil War from the lips of "spiritual" militants? Flannelette. If purchasers of this useful material for Underwear all the year round would buy the best English make, which can be obtained from all leading Drapers, they would avoid the risks they undoubtedly run with the inferior qualities of Flannelette. Horrockses' Flannelettes (made by the manufacturers of the celebrated Longcloths, Twills, and Sheetings) are the best. "HORROCKSES" stamped on selvedge every five yards. Awarded the Certificate oFlannelettef The Incorporated Institute of Hygiene. The Splendid Criminal. THAT "life is more than love" is a main theme of Cicely Hamilton's Pageant of Great Women. With this in view, perhaps, the names of those famous women who have lived, and sometimes died, for love have been carefully excluded. And yet Helen and Guinevere are names which have inspired poets throughout the ages—while some of the "great women" of the Pageant have to be sought for diligently. One wonders whether, if Helen had taken upon herself the performance of some great deed, she would have "burnt the topless towers of Ilium," and made men "immortal by a kiss"; or whether Cleopatra does not remain a more potent figure in history, because her personality made Antony deem "the world well lost for love," than does Elizabeth. "Life is more than love," but the most living is the most loving, and love makes life—we cannot disentangle them, nor is it necessary to try to do so, if the object is to show the strength and range of woman's power. But there is another class of women, accorded in popular estimation the title of infamous, concerning whom one speculates perhaps even more than one does concerning the others, wondering upon the mighthavebeens, if the assumption that women's intelligence and genius should be subordinated to men's had not existed. They are the splendid criminals whose indomitable will cannot be denied, even if we refuse to admit that it redeems. Of these the best known are Clytemnestra and Lucrezia Borgia, but Elizabethan drama affords several striking examples of the class. It is customary to regard Lady Macbeth as a villain; if Shakespeare's pages are examined carefully, it will be realised that her stupendous brain and willpower were employed for evil purposes to the end that her husband might realise his ambitions, and become, as she hoped, a great king—" Thou wouldst be great, art not without ambition"; under the strain that ensues, and the shock of finding that her husband, so far from being great, merely wades kneedeep in blood, she loses her reason. The intense personality which makes for action is lost in the cause of a morally weak though physically brave husband. Again, in late Elizabethan drama, in the plays of Massinger, Ford, Tourneur, and, above all, of Webster, we may find women displaying the utmost fortitude and endurance in the shock of events which savour of the Borgian in their terror and bloodiness. Exaggerated as many of these plays are, they yet represent the main features of the age which they depict. All these women suffer from the lust of men; many display in the cause of their lovers a heroism which, turned into another channel, might have shaped the destiny of nations. Most conspicuous among these is Vittoria Corombona, the "White Devil of Italy." Amid the depravity of an Italian court of the late Renaissance the fascinating and indomitable figure of this Duchess stands out with a terrible vividness. Married to a feeblenatured courtier of questionable morals, aided by a brother, Flamineo, Vittoria loves the Duke Brachiano, whose sole real merit is that he honestly returns her love—with all the honesty, at least, of which the age was capable. She subtly suggests to him the murders of her husband and his wife by describing to him a strange dream which she has had. Flamineo brings about the murders, but he and Vittoria are suspected. Vittoria is brought before the Duke of Florence and his court, but defends herself with such brilliance that she and her brother and Brachiano escape death. She is banished to a "house of December 21, 1911 THE FREEWOMAN 95 convertites." Here she is pursued by the lust of the Duke who has been her judge; she repulses him, not for the first time; already, to her ultimate undoing, has she refused to win pardon for the Count Lodovico at the expense of prostituting herself to the Duke. She escapes with Brachiano, her nature displaying a constancy and depth of passion which is rarely maintained through stress of adversity and sin. Later, Brachiano is poisoned and strangled by the revengeful Count Lodovico, for whose pardon Vittoria has refused to sue. Her passionate grief for her lover is cut short by Lodovico, who brutally murders both her and Flamineo, her last words declaring the happiness of those "that never saw the court, Nor ever knew great men but by report." The most striking lines in the play, for our purpose, are uttered by Flamineo, whose character, in its curious mixture of immorality and devotion to his sister, is peculiar to his age. He says: "Know, many glorious women that are famed For masculine virtue have been vicious, Only a happier silence did betide them." And, indeed, with the Pageant of Great Women in mind, we may wonder whether it is any "greater" to be a very great queen, and lead a personal life which will bear no close inspection, than to lose throne and life for love. For Vittoria Corombona, endowed with the fatal powers of a Helen, surrounded by a court notorious for its love of intrigue, lust, and bloodiness—what scope had the gifts of this audacious, subtle and brilliant woman? For Guinevere and Iseult there was at least the place of presiding genius in the actions of men; but to this vigorous and illfated personality what opening could there be but to assure that her "death made amends for all"? From the examples afforded by Elizabethan dramatists we feel that these women are not besotted by their crimes as are the men. We could not apply in these cases the term "splendid criminal" to the man who becomes merely brutish, or else sinks into insignificance beside the colossal individuality of the woman. Concerning Duke Brachiano we have no very definite feelings one way or the other—he is merely the man whom Vittoria loved. Macbeth under the influence of bloodshedding sinks into debauchery; his intelligence is entirely lost in physical violence, while Lady Macbeth's is never for an instant clouded, her supreme will piloting herself and him through the awful horrors of the banquet scene. Again, what of AEgisthus do we know save that he was the lover of Clytemnestra? We have forgotten Helen's lovers; Antony's glory lives by reason of the heroic death and flaming love of Cleopatra; and the mystery and horror of the Borgias centre for us in Lucretia. It would seem then that women even when abandoning themselves on unworthy objects display in their very crimes an imagination and will not easily submerged, like man's, in the physical aspect. In another direction, for example, the courtesan in Dekker's forcible old play, "The Honest Whore," shows a simple courage unassailed by her profession, and makes "a good end," while the men with whom she comes in contact are mere beasts. Alice Arden, again, the lady of Kent who murdered her husband "for the love of one Mosbie," stands, dark and sinister indeed, but unwaveringly heroic beside the figure of a poltroon lover debased by crime; neither execution nor the discovery of her lover's worthlessness shakes her courage. She dies a horrible death—reserved then for a woman malefactor, so much more guilty than a male !—with the quiet prayer that death may make amends for all her sins. It is significant that when the memory is searched for instances in literature of splendid criminals, it is women's names that come to the mind most readily. When Caesar Borgia, Iago, Richard III. are said, few names of men occur. Bloodthirsty bestiality we can find in a Nero, but without the audacity, intelligence, subtlety of some of these women. Beside him, the most bloody of our examples—Cleopatra—seems refined. In the fact, then, that the term "splendid criminal" may be more frequently applied to woman than to man, do we not see, as well as in her possibilities of devotion to a good cause, signs of a power demanding a larger and fuller outlook? Hilda M. Davies. Feminism under the Republic and the Early Empire. IV. IN our last article we dealt with the manner in which the Roman woman expressed her sense of injustice under the restrictions imposed upon her by the law. We recorded the conspiracy to poison their husbands, for which 170 women suffered death in the year 331 B.C., and we spoke of the remarkable scenes of the year 197 B.C., when a strong and united effort to achieve the removal of the Oppian law was crowned with success. We have now to discuss a further declaration of rights made by the women. This occurred in 43 B.C.—the year after the murder of Julius Caesar. Octavianus, Marc Antony, and Lepidus, the three triumvirs, were then in possession of Rome; the proscribed were being hunted down by their orders; massacres, assassinations, betrayals, the plundering of houses by the maddened soldiery, the murders of young children, made Rome a scene of agony and horror. Appian tells us of at least two wives of prominent Romans who betrayed them to the assassins, but, on the other hand, he relates also the stories of wives who went to all lengths to procure their husbands' safety. This dark and painful period in Roman history is illuminated by a scene which took place in the Forum, when Hortensia, leading a deputation of women, defied the triumvirs with success and impunity. At a time when money was urgently needed to THE FREEWOMAN NOTICES and TERMS OF SUBSCRIPTION EDITORIAL Letters, etc., intended for the Editor should be addressed: 9, John Street, Adelphi, London, W.C. Telegrams to address below. PUBLICATION All business communications relative to the publication of the freewoman should be addressed, and all cheques, postal and money orders, etc., made payable to the Publishers, STEPHEN swift and co., ltd., 10, John Street, Adelphi, London, W.G. Telegrams to Lumenifer, London." Terms of Subscription: —Yearly, 14s.; Six Months, 7s.; Three Months, 3s. 6d.;to any address in the Postal Union. ADVERTISEMENTS All orders, letters, etc., concerning advertisements should be addressed to the Manager, the freewoman. 9, John Street, Adelphi, London, W.G. 96 THE FREEWOMAN December 21, 1911 prosecute the civil war, methods of obtaining it were not of the nicest. Accordingly, many a rich man found himself on the list of the proscribed for no other reason than that he was rich. Even orphan children were assassinated and their wealth seized. Yet, Appian tells us, buyers of the property of the slain were few, for "some were ashamed to add to the burdens of the unfortunate, and others (feared) that such property would bring them bad luck." As a consequence of this, there was a considerable deficit in the money needed for the plans of the triumvirs, and an edict was issued requiring 1,400 of the richest women to make a valuation of their property and to give such portion as the triumvirs should require from each. "The women resolved," says Appian, "to beseech the female relatives of the triumvirs. With the sister of Octavius and the mother of Antony they did not fail, but they were repulsed from the doors of Fulvia, the wife of Antony, whose rudeness they could scarce endure. They then forced their way to the tribunal of the triumvirs in the Forum, the people and the guard dividing to let them pass. There, through the mouth of Hortensia, they spoke as follows, according to previous arrangement:— "As is befitting women of our rank, addressing a petition to you, we had recourse to your female relatives. Having suffered unseemly treatment on the part of Fulvia, we have been compelled by her to visit the Forum. You have deprived us of our fathers, our sons and our brothers, whom you accused of having wronged you. If you take away our property also, you reduce us to a condition unbecoming our birth, our manners, our sex. If we have done you wrong, as you say our husbands have, proscribe us as you do them. If we women have not voted you public enemies, have not torn down your houses, destroyed your army, or led another one against you; if we have not hindered you in obtaining offices and honours, why do you visit upon us the same punishment as upon the guilty, whose offences we have not shared? Why should we pay taxes when we have no part in the honours, the commands, the statecraft, for which you contend against each other with such harmful results? Because this is a time of war, do you say? When have there not been wars, and when have taxes ever been imposed on women, who are exempted by their sex among all mankind? "Let war with the Gauls or the Parthians come, and we shall not be inferior to our mothers in zeal for the common safety; but for civil wars may we never contribute, nor ever assist you against each other." So Hortensia, the daughter of the famous orator Hortensius, who was the rival of Cicero. The historian continues: — "When Hortensia had thus spoken, the triumvirs were angry that women should dare to hold a public meeting when men were silent; that they should demand from magistrates the reasons for their acts, and not furnish money while the men were serving in the army. They ordered the lictors "(the bodyguard, armed with rods and axes)" to drive them away from the tribunal, which they proceeded to do, until cries were raised by the multitude outside, and the triumvirs said they would postpone till next day the consideration of the matter. On the following day they reduced the number of women who were to present a valuation of their property from fourteen hundred to four hundred." The comment of another historian who records this scene is worthy of notice. Valerius Maximus writes:— "Hortensia, the daughter of Quintus Hortensius, when the matrons of Rome were burdened with a heavy tax by the triumvirs, and no man dared undertake their defence, pleaded the cause of the women before the triumvirs with firmness and success. By the faithful reproduction of her father's eloquence, she succeeded in getting the greater part of the pecuniary impost remitted. Quintus Hortensius. lived again in the female line. He breathed once more in the words of his daughter. If his male descendants had been willing to follow this vigorous example, the eloquence of Hortensius, so great a heritage, would not have been reduced to a single pleading of a woman." Various facts emerge from the record of the courage of these women. First of all, we see that they had by this time, although the process is. somewhat obscured, succeeded in holding property in their own right. The impost of the triumvirs, by its very nature, recognised this right to hold and transfer possessions on the part of women. Another interesting feature of this account lies in the importance ascribed to the women of the respective families of the triumvirs. The suggestion of powerful influence cannot fail to be noted. We will return to this point at a later occasion. Yet another inference to be made is, that it is plain that the women were excepted by custom, if not by law—for it is obvious that there could be no legislation concerning taxes on property which the women were not supposed by the letter of the law to possess—from the payment of any taxes. Money given for the actual preservation of the city from a foreign invader, was a free gift. Hortensia, in her speech, impressed upon the triumvirs that such powerful rulers as Marius, Sulla, Cinna, Pompey, and Julius Caesar had not failed to recognise the logical consequences of being debarred from voicing an opinion as to the application of funds raised by taxation, and that all these leaders had sedulously avoided making any demand on women for money for their enterprises. Lastly, we find that the strength of the women lay partly in the conviction of the Roman citizen, that their case was a logical one, and that they had right on their side. When the victors began to drive off the women, no doubt with some amount of hustling and rough treatment, a roar of disapproval brought the dreaded triumvirs, who had not feared to assassinate hundreds of Roman male citizens, to reason. We make no comment upon this interesting revelation in regard to Roman manhood, under the test of the illtreatment of women by the officials of magistrates, merely remarking that it goes far to redeem much that was unlovely and unjust in their personal attitude towards their womenfolk. By this time—the reign of Augustus—we are forced to pause and review afresh the position of women. Amy HAUGHTON. (To be continued.) THE VISION. Beauty, healer of the soul, Touch my sight and make it whole; Open eye of mind and heart: It is most dread to see in part. For I have seen, 'mid vapour dense, A spark dazzlingly intense: A spark, a flash. .. through darkness driven, My blind soul beats on the walls of heaven. E. H. VISIAK. December 21, 1911 THE FREEWOMAN 97 An Old School Book on the Higher Education of Women (1685;. THE advocacy of the higher education of women is to be found in unexpected places in the past, but it is with more than usual surprise that we come across a vigorous plea in a French Grammar (5th edition) in 1685, written by Paul Festeau, of whom little seems to be known, except that he was a native of Blois, "where," as he is delighted to affirm and reaffirm, "the true tone of the French tongue is found, by the unanimous consent of all Frenchmen" He was very confident in the value of his Grammar, and in that of the dialogues by which it was accompanied. "I do not speak for my advantage," he says; "I speak for yours, gentlemen; do not trust me, peruse other grammars, let the learned in our language view them, and desire them to tell you whether their phrasing is as good as mine, and no question but you will be satisfied thereon." One fact further may be gathered about M. Festeau. His appeal to the study of French is not merely addressed to ladies. It rather seems specially directed to gentlemen. For on the page opposite to the dedication of the book (to Mr. Russell, formerly Colonel of the Royal Guards of King Charles II.) is the announcement: "If any gentlemen have occasion for the author of this grammar, his lodging is in the Strand, near St. Clement's Church, at Mr. John King's house, at the sign of the Wounded Heart." THE "LADY" COMBINED KNIFE and SCISSORS SHARPENER Regd. 542,986. FOR EVERY HOME. Sharpens Carving and other Knives and Scissors. Simple to use. Will last a Lifetime. Price 6 1/2 d. INSTRUCTIONS. Rest the Sharpener on the edge of the table, place Knife alternatively in each end slot, and draw towards you, using slight downwards pressure. For Scissors use the central slot. Scissors require slightly more pressure. Sharpen each blade in turn. THE SHARPENING WHEEL IS MADE OF THE FINEST HARDENED SHEFFIELD STEEL. The "Lady" Sharpener soon saves its cost. ASK YOUR IRONMONGER FOR IT. THE NATIONAL VENDORS' SYNDICATE, 55, CHANCERY LANE, LONDON, W.C. The dialogues are on very varied subjects. There is one between a writing master and his scholar; one between an old man (who hath a desire to be married) and his daughter; one about a watch; one on whether the wife loves her husband more than the husband his wife. The dialogue with which this article is concerned is entitled: "Whether it is necessary for women to be learned "—and is between two gentlewomen. After a discussion, about making verses, one of the two women remarks that it "belongs" to men to make verses. The advocate of women's learning, as we may call her, says: "I believe that women in general have as much wit as men." The other woman suggests that "generally men go beyond us." The advocate asks why she believes that. The other replies: "Men do all. They make war. Thy rule all. They possess offices. They get women's livelihood. They know princes. They compose books, and do all manner of other things, which women are not capable of." The Advocate: "And thou dost infer out of all that, that men have more wit than women?" The Other: "It seems so, and they prove it themselves by Scripture." The Advocate: "Which way?" The Other: "They say that man was created first, and that the woman was made of one of his ribs, as it is true." The Advocate replies incisively: "It doth not follow, for all that, that they have got more wit than we; for beasts, that have got none, were created before man." The other woman (interlocutor) replies: "But God made the woman subject unto man, and He will have her obey him, as being the most worthy of the two." The Advocate does not deny the edict of obedience; still, without affirming it, she suggests that even if woman had to be obedient, it would only show she is more worthy than the fierce and proud creature she had to obey, for there is more force of wit to yield and obey, than to command imperiously. The Other: "Thou speakest wonderful well; but yet St. Paul saith, 'That the man is the head of the woman.'" "It is true." "But are not women members of Christ as well as men?" "There is no doubt." "Doth the Image of God consist in the body, or in the spirit or mind?" "I rather believe that it is in the spirit; for God is not a body." "Why then should not the wit of women be as good as that of men, seeing that the woman is the image of God as well as man?" The other woman then recalls the fact that St. Paul will not have women speak in the church. The Advocate says this is no proof that the apostle did not regard them as capable as men. It simply shows that he did not "hold it convenient that women be mixed with men in a church council. For he foresaw that this might cause some disorder, by reason of the small account that men make of women's judgment and wit. But it doth not follow that they are not capable of all functions of spirit as men are." The Other: "It is a thing that we could hardly persuade them." The Advocate: "That would be easy enough if they would hear reason. Is not the good behaviour of women a sufficient proof of their wisdom? Are they seen to fuddle and commit murders, as men do?" The Other: "It is true their sex is much more 98 THE FREEWOMAN December 21, 1911 vicious than ours. They prevail above us because they go beyond us in strength of body." The Advocate: "That thing should bring them to the knowledge of truth." The Other: "How so?" The Advocate: "Because we see that among all creatures, those which Nature gave less strength to she hath furnished them with more skill and understanding. The weakest are often nearer to reason, and have a more powerful instinct than those whom Nature hath endued with other advantages. Are any creatures seen lesser, and yet more industrious than the silkworm, the bee, and the ant? According to this rule, Nature having given more strength unto men than to women, she ought also to have given us more wit and more judgment." The Other: "Thou dost argue strongly." The Advocate: "And if it be so, why should we not addict ourselves to the study of good letters as well as men?" The Other: "It seems, notwithstanding, that it is not the part of a woman to make use of a pen." The Advocate: "What, we must have a clear sight and mind, and solid judgment, and we must not employ them, but only to curl our hair! That would be to abuse those favours that we have received from heaven. The great early Father Origen was of another mind. He kept his school open for maids and women." After a further discussion on the great philosopher Origen, the other woman remarks that the Advocate must have been at some good schools to discourse as she does. The Advocate: "Alas! my dear, my knowledge is but little. But, in spite of all men, I will study to go beyond them, or at least to equal them." The Other: "How happy art thou to have so much wit!" The Advocate: "I have no more than another; but I hope by cultivating it to bring it to maturity." They then discuss how this may be done. The Other: "But how comes it to pass that men will not have us to be scholars." The Advocate: "I cannot imagine the reason." The Other: "Sure, it is to gain our admiration." The Advocate: "That would not be the way to come where they aim at, seeing a body cannot admire a thing unknown." The Other: "It may be to make us the more subject." The Advocate: "If it be for that end, they have but little generosity, and if they have dominion or command over us, it is but little glorious to rule over stupid and ignorant creatures." The other woman suggests that the best reason men give for not approving learning amongst women is that it might interfere with the care of children, but the Advocate at once replies that such a reason "hath no place but with them that hath a mind to marry,"and adds: "But how shall a woman bring up her children in the fear of God, and in the love of virtue, if she be ignorant?" They both agree that men think honesty and learning cannot be found together in women, but those who hold such a foolish opinion show themselves ignorant, though the Advocate readily asserts: "There are some men that are more rational, and that esteem virtue wherever it is." The Other (who is coming to agree with the Advocate): "Methinks that a learned man that should have a stupid woman for wife would not have much content in her company. Certainly, learning brings one to the knowledge of virtue better than ignorance. Ignorance is the mother of all vices." The Advocate: "Thou art in the right; for it is the cause of idleness, and idleness is the root of all evil." Then follows the real outcome of the whole discussion: The Advocate: "Ignorance is always contemptible in what sex soever it is seen; but learning attracts the esteem and love of everybody." The Other (quite won over): "Thou hast wholly persuaded me to apply myself to study, in showing me that women are no more incapable of it than men." The Advocate: "I am glad I have given thee a better opinion of our sex than thou hadst before." It will be understood that each page of Festeau's text has two columns, one of which (the right column) contains the subjectmatter, as above, in English, the other the French. The pupil was thus to acquire sound, idiomatic French by translating the English into French, which he could compare with the French text But it is clear that Festeau was thus able to offer ideas as well. It would be interesting to know whether the ideas in the above extracts on women's learning were his own, or if (as is, on the whole, probable) they were borrowed from a previous or contemporaneous writer. Anyway, Festeau addressed a considerable audience through his books, for he tells us that the 5th edition might really be called the 8th, for "there were two thousand copies drawn of these three last editions, whereas they used to draw but one thousand," and he claims that the work has received approbation from the "most learned of this nation." This was in 1685! but the nation had long to wait till Festeau's ideas (original or adopted) on the higher education of women became converted into general opportunity for it. Foster Watson. If you do not already subscribe to "THE FREEWOMAN," or should you experience difficulty in obtaining your copy regularly from your Newsagent or Bookstall, we suggest that you kindly fill in the form attached and post it to us without delay. TERMS OF SUBSCRIPTION.—Post free to any address in the Postal Union. Twelve months, 14s.; six months, 7s.; three months, 3s. 6d. To STEPHEN SWIFT and CO., Ltd., 10, John Street, Adelphi, London, W.C. Dear Sirs, Please enter my name as a subscriber to "THE FREEWOMAN " for..............months, commencing with issue dated..........................................Cheque or P.O. enclosed for:: herewith. Name.......................................................................... Address...................................................................... December 21, 1911 THE FREEWOMAN 99 Eager Heart. THERE are few things in our modern life of which criticism is a sacrilege, or the critical attitude a profanation. In modern drama, indeed, the critic is more often the high priest of aspiration than the playwright. But surely this is not always his rightful place. There are occasions when criticism is little less than blasphemy; when standards are blundering intrusions which fill us with an unreasoning anger, Such, for instance, is the imperious delicacy with which we regard the true fairytale; to the inner man of us its text is the textus receptus, and its substance and purport the perfect mirror of life. There is no room for critics here save to translate their own pleasure into language—to write out a record of their own feelings a little less akin to the meaning of the tale than the instinctive perception of the meanest listener in the audience. One feels the futility of criticism most sharply, however, in the presence of the religious drama. It is especially so in the case of "Eager Heart." If this form of playwriting is to be revived, the critic as we know him today, at any rate, must go. If we are to enter this kingdom, we must all become as little children. For "Eager Heart," Miss Alice Buckton's morality play which is now being revived at the Passmore Edwards Settlement, is aimed, as "Everyman" was aimed, straight at the masses of the people. There is not a subtle phrase in it, unless the inspiration of perfect simplicity be subtlety; not a single trick or turn of phrasing to betray a conscious style. But there is life and death, power, love, and wisdom, beauty, fame, and warmth of heart, all set before us in an ingenuous story of simple devotion, which goes down to the very springs of Christian faith, and especially to the triumphant humility and the boundless goodcheertomen we associate with the festival of Christmas. Plays such as this come to us no better through the appreciative estimate of a critic—they come as religion itself comes, through an individual revelation. To touch on a comparison which may be made, "Eager Heart" was set to a measure much more moving than Mrs. Dearmer's "The Soul of the World"; though its spirit was less pretentious, it was more even, and its appeal altogether more direct and naively human. Its story is simply told. It is the old story of the girl whose humble ministrations were pure enough to attract the ChristChild on His annual pilgrimage, especially as she THE WOMAN WITHOUT SIN. by PHARALL SMITH. Crown 8vo. Cloth. 6s^ Original and Unconventional. The central idea of this novel is that, in those cases in which the love of a man and a woman is sincere and genuine, it is of necessity sinless, and consequently that they should be free to indulge it, the consequences being faced by the State. Original and full of force, this novel, containing as it does those elements of bigness so rare in these days, is a refreshing change to the ordinary run of fiction. With a pen which is as powerful as it is restrained, the writer attacks convention and upholds his own ideas of freedom between the sexes. London: STEPHEN SWIFT and CO.. LTD., 10, John Street, Adelphi. LOVE IN MANITOBA. by E. A. Wharton Gill. Crown 8vo. Cloth. 6s. A Fresh Field in Fiction. The writer has opened a fresh field of fiction and has presented a striking picture of life in the Swedish settlements of Western Canada—a district hitherto largely neglected by novelists. The Author is intimately acquainted with the life of these colonists, and has studied his characters on the spot; while his local colour is in every way admirable. He knows the West and its people. And the people in his story are typical of those to be met with in every settlement throughout the West. London: STEPHEN SWIFT and CO., LTD., 10. John Street, Adelphi. thought she abandoned her little chance of His choice by giving His place to two poor beggars and their newborn child. Coming back with some shepherds under the guidance of the star, she finds the quest ending at her own door, where also have come the Kings of Power, Knowledge, and Love, bearing their choicest gifts to a King more royal than they. She opens the door, to find that the two beggars and their child are astream with the light which had guided them all the way, and that she out of all the city has been visited by the Holy Family. The piece was acted by the special "Eager Heart" anonymous company, all of whom lent to its portrayal a loving reverence which did perfect justice to its lofty and pervasive mystic quality. The play has great power. And it speaks one thing to the modern world very eloquently, that is, that Christianity can be originally understood and truly expressed by a woman. Woman's proper share in religion as the faithful devotee has for generations been a dogma of the Church; its prophets have all been men. But if ever a play can be a prophecy, and its author a prophet, Miss Buckton's "Eager Heart" is such a play. The high note of a hope which heralds a fresh revelation of religion, and foretells an impulse which cannot long be withheld from an age which flies so frantically the spiritual distress signals, Miss Buckton strikes in "Eager Heart." G L. Harding. "The Editor regrets that the notes last week on the New English Art Club pictures were, owing to pressure upon space, unfortunately crowded down to a few lines. Also, that the distinction between the Grafton Galleries' loan exhibition and the New English Art Club Show was not made quite clear. Used by Royalty. Undoubtedly the Best. SEND FOR TUCK I WORKS OF ART ALL BY TUCK transition FREE 'S GOLDEN LEAFLETTED CHRISTMAS CARDS S/. LA GRANDE PRIX envelooes included màj\3 envelopes included Containing 25 Golden Versed Tuck's Xmas Cards Halfprice All Lovely Leafletted Designs recommendation parcel of tuck's xmas cards 2/6 Parcel for 1/3 Each Card a Work of Art. Sent to any address in the Kingdom for 15 Stamps. Containing 25 Tuck's lovely Leafletted and Golden Versed Designs, all by Tuck, with envelopes, post free 19111912 XMAS POST CARDS. BEAUTIFULLY DESIGNED, 15 FOR 1/BIG BOX of TEN TOYS for a SHILLING. Parcel Post 1/3. Stamps or P.O. t.b.l., king's premises, savoy corner, strand, london. A BOOK FOR MARRIED WOMEN. By DR. ALLINSON. The information contained in this book ought to be known by every married woman, and it will not harm the unmarried to read. The book is conveniently divided into twelve chapters. The first chapter treats of the changes of puberty, or when a girl becomes a woman. The second chapter treats of marriage from a doctor's standpoint; points out the best ages for marriage, and who should have children and who not, and furnishes useful information that one can ordinarily get only from an intelligent doctor. The third chapter treats of the marriage of blood relations; and condemns such marriages as a rule. Chapter four treats of the signs of pregnancy. The fifth chapter tells how a woman should live during the pregnant state. The sixth chapter treats of mishaps and how to avoid them. The seventh chapter treats of material impressions, and shows that birth marks are not due to longings on the part of the mother, but rather to her poor health. The eighth chapter teaches how to have easy confinements. Certain people believe that women should bring forth in pain and trouble, but the hygienic physician says that confinements can be made comparatively easy if certain rules are obeyed; these rules are given. The ninth chapter treats of the proper management of confinements until the baby is born. The tenth chapter tells how to treat the mother until she is up and about again. The eleventh chapter treats of sterility; gives the main causes of it, how these may be overcome and children result. The last chapter treats of the "change," a most important article for all women over forty. The book is full of useful information, and no book is written which goes so thoroughly into matters relating to married women. Some may think too much is told; such can scarcely be the case, for knowledge is power and the means of attaining happiness. The book can be had in an envelope from Dr. T. R. Allinson, 381, Room, 4, Spanish Place, Manchester Square, London, W., in return for a Postal Order for 1s. 2d. 100 THE FREEWOMAN December 21, 1911 SWIFT'S XMAS BOOKS THAT COMPEL " The motto adopted by Stephen Swift and Co. is certainly being lived up to; their books really do 'compel,' and are obviously carefully chosen. Their list contains books which many publishers would not have had the courage to publish—unconventional, daring, outspoken and fearless. They are among books what the Little Theatre plays are among the dead husks produced at popular theatres."—Academy. Lonely England by MAUDE GOLDRING three colour illustrations and pen and ink sketches by Agnes Pike. crown 8vo. cloth, gilt top, 5s. net. " A book that will appeal to all who love the country or who lake an interest in the people who dwell on the land."— Pall Mall Gazette. " Her work is always sincere, always interesting, and not without great beauty."—World. " Charming."—Times. " Restful and engaging."—Scotsman. " A very charming volume of essays."—Morning Leader. A Magnificent Gift. cartoons The Second Childhood of John Bull. BY MAX BEERBOHM facsimile reproductions in colour. dbl. crn. folio. cloth, 21s. net. Poems CHARLES by GRANVILLE tastefully bound in quarter art canvas, gilt top. fcap. 4to, 5s. net. " The work is always exalted in feeling and gravely artistic in expression.' '—Scotsman. " Entirely free from the clichés into which the author could so easily have fallen in dealing with such a theme; they indicate originality of expression as well as of thought, a determination to find exactly the right word, the right phrase.. .. Our modern literature will be all the poorer if he does not favour us with some more lyrics." —Daily Telegraph. "A Pleasant Book."—The Times. SOME NEIGHBOURS Stories, Sketches and Studies. By CHARLES GRANVILLE Surely FRANCIS GRIERSON a genius. As essayist he HAS NO EQUAL among present writers." — Smart The Best Present for Boys BRITISH BATTLES a series of books consisting of a number of monographs upon actions in which british troops have taken part. each battle will be the subject of a separate book, illustrated with coloured and SECOND EDITION crown 8vo. cloth, 6s "A pleasant book, conceived and told.". prettily Times. "The stories are always interesting, both as studies of odd aspects of humanity and for the curious modern reticence of their art."—Scotsman. " ' Some Neighbours ' deserves the highest commendation." —clement k. shorter in the Sphere. THE ROLL OF THE SEASONS Nature Essays. By G. G. DESMOND THE HUMOUR OF THE UNDERMAN Fcap. 8vo, Gilt Top, with Frontispiece, 38. 6d. net THE VALLEY OF SHADOWS Demy 8vo, Gilt Top, 6s. net. LA VIE ET LES HOMMES Fcap. 8vo, Gilt Top, with Frontispiece, 3s. 6d. net. THE CELTIC TEMPERAMENT PARISIAN PORTRAITS MODERN MYSTICISM Fcap. 8vo, Gilt Top, 2s. 6d. net each Therefore you should give your Friends — line maps. By HILAIRE BELLOC No. 1 BLENHEIM No.2 MALPLAQUET fcap. 8vo. cloth, 1s. net; leather, 2s. 6d. net. PRINCE AZREEL Poem with Prose Notes. There is in his work not only INSIGHT, INTELLECT, and CULTURE, but Intuition and an EXTRAORDINARY quality of expression. The finest example of modern English. By ARTHUR LYNCH, M.A., M.P. crown 8vo. cloth, gilt top, 5s. net. Smart Set. crown 8vo. cloth, gilt top, 5s. net. SOME ASPECTS OF THACKERAY By LEWIS MELVILLE demy 8vo. 12s. 6d. net. fully illustrated. As a literary study, the book incites interest, and commands attention as a further revelation of a brilliant and manysided literary genius. LOVE IN MANITOBA By E. A. WHARTON GILL crown 8vo. cloth, 6s. A delightful and simple tale of life in Western Canada. MORE PEERS By HILAIRE BELLOC pictures by b. t. b. 2s. 6d. net. " A laugh in every line."—Daily Express. " By all means study the lifehistory of various peers as recorded in those brief verses,"—Times. Send a Postcard for " BOOKS THAT COMPEL" post free from STEPHEN SWIFT 6 CO., LTD. 10 John Street, Adelphi, London, W.C. Printed by hazell watson and viney, Ld., 48, Kirby Street, Hatton Garden, London, e.c. and Published weekly for the Proprietors at the Office, 10, John Street, Adelphi, London, w.c.