The Egoist , made Published Monthly The Egoist No. 1.—Vol. VI. JANUARY—FEBRUARY 1919. Ninepence. Editor: HARRIET SHAW WEAVER Assistant Editor: T. S. ELIOT Contributing Editor: DORA MARSDEN CONTENTS PAGE Philosophy: The Science of Signs. xvii. Truth (continued). By D. Marsden ..... 1 Hellenist Series. V. Aeschylus. By Ezra Pound . 6 The French Idea. By Madame Ciolkowska . . 9 Three Georgian Novelists. II. By Douglas Goldring 10 PAGE The "Lament for Adonis." By Richard Aldington . 10 Ulysses. By James Joyce......11 Towards a Peace Theatre. ii. By Huntly Carter . 14 Correspondence: Mimodrama ........ 15 United States Poetry . . . . .16 PHILOSOPHY: THE SCIENCE OF SIGNS XVII. TRUTH (continued) II. The Processes Involved in Its Growth By D. Marsden I (1) ONCE the analysis of the general action of mind has been made, the task of denning the objective of the mental product—truth—which, for instance, we undertook in our last study—does not make the same subtle demands upon the intellect as does the explaining of the method by which truth comes by its ordinary piecemeal accretions. Even prior to any such analysis, it is clear that the minds of men in the mass actually made an instinctive leap forward, and in their religious conceptions gave account of this objective with such precision and accuracy as, in default of adequate explanation, inspires a later age with feelings nothing short of amazement. The explanation seems to be that the mode of intellectual action in bulk is so heavily characterized with its own unique tendencies that men have become saturated with them, and in consequence sufficiently sensitive as regards their type and direction at least as to be able to enunciate certain big phrases expressive of the one big central fact. In respect, however, of the question of the step-by-step movement whereby each fresh intellectual advance is made, the appeal has been too subtle to command the curiosity of any save picked minds, and even for these, and notwithstanding their efforts, the matter has been allowed to remain a mystery. (2) The usual explanation of the process—which does not strike deep enough to satisfy any one who is genuinely curious regarding the matter—is that knowledge advances by continuous association of hitherto unassociated terms via a third term with which they are recognized as being mutually identified. It is this process which when analysed falls into the form of the syllogism. A syllogism consists of two propositions each containing two terms of which one is common to both. These are followed up by a third "reasoned" or truth-enunciating proposition called a conclusion, which proceeds to identify the two terms not previously identified. (3) The defectiveness of the theory used as an explanation of the mode of discovery of new truth is that as an analysis after the event it is not a radical one. Obviously, truths do emerge as the result of association of hitherto non-associated terms by way of their mutual identity with a third term, but out of the almost infinitely large number of possible common terms which might be impressed for purposes of new associations, it is obvious that the genius of discovery will reside precisely in the selection of this pivotal, uniting, common term. The question is not, therefore, primarily one of alliance, but of what to ally with what. It is the selection of the premises to be juxtaposed which constitutes what is significant in the syllogistic process. A significant juxtaposition once made, the essential part of the labour has been done and a child almost might be left to follow up the sequence: to draw the conclusion: to make the formal enunciation of the new truth; and what amazes one in the premises brought together by genius is the latter's apparently uncanny power of scenting, often from among forms which seem widely dissimilar, just those identities which are profoundly significant. (4) The question is: What puts them wise to the existence, importance, and relevance of these truth-augmenting identities. The argument which we shall here develop seems to the effect that these strange intimations assertive of identities between significant ideas are definite physical happenings in the chemistry of the mind: that they are specific actions of alliance occurring in the same absolute manner as that in which any ordinary chemical combination might ##2 THE EGOIST Jan.— Feb. 1919 effect itself; and the rising into prominence under the influence of this physical alliance of the common term which enables us to arrange the premises of our formal reasoning is merely the recognition of this cosmic event after it has actually taken place among our ideas. (5) To say that each new truth is the expression of some new physical change obtaining among our ideas is not, of course, to be blind to the fact that many truths appear to emerge as the result of observations— often accidentally directed—to occurrences in the external world. Obviously, any such attitude would fare badly, faced with the history of science. Certainly not all new truths hurtle down in the stillness of one's own thoughts like a thunderbolt out of a quiet sky, though a great many do. Highly important truths have emerged in the wake of some accidental happening in the sensory world whereby attention has been focused on some illuminating feature. One thinks, for instance, of the seemingly accidental findings bound up with the history of the science of electricity. Or a truth will dawn by a sudden alliance with an idea existing in one's own mind with an idea met accidentally in the expression of the ideas of another mind, as in the classic case of Darwin. The cause of the truth dawning, however, and what we actually mean when we say that a truth did dawn, is the process involved in the recognition of the sensory fact as significant. This very recognition implies that the recognizing mind had been able to cull from the fact an idea; and that the same mind was, moreover, already holding in an alert existence a companion idea which needed only to be fertilized by one bound to it by a natural affinity in order to fructify into a new idea altogether. The source, whether mental or sensory, from which the second fertilizing idea is derived is, once it has secured existence as an idea, wholly immaterial. Now it is just in reference to this process of mental fertilization: which is another way of saying mental selection: that the theories of the syllogism and the association theory in general have nothing whatever to offer. (6) The question of the nature of the principle whereby one idea selects another to the end of begetting a new idea, is the first mystery which lodges in the subject of the accretion of truths. It quickly becomes obvious, however, that this first difficulty is simply a partial aspect of a more far-reaching difficulty, i.e. why knowledge should augment itself as the results of connexions formed between symbols (including, of course, the ideas which they generate); why it should appear as though knowledge were lodged in symbols and might by an exercise of ingenuity be wrung from them: a condition of affairs which actually exists and emphasizes itself the more as knowledge broadeus. This more comprehensive difficulty can be indicated by inquiring why, for instance, Bacon's prognostication that the edifice of truth would be built up by the slow making of summaries of experience sensorily acquired, has been falsified by the established procedure of scientific inquiry; why his caveat against anticipating nature by means of hypotheses has been found valueless in practice; why a Newton, for instance, in the very breath that he reduces his distrust of the hypothesis to a formula, in spite of himself launches out into the biggest and most anticipatory hypothesis contained in our science: why, in sum, whether we like it or not, it is precisely via the hypothesis and the anticipatory word-scaffolding that the nature of the external world tends to be divined. It is certainly not what one would expect. Common sense seems, in fact, to assert that words, with the ideas they excite, are merely summaries and useful classification-cadres of our sense-experience; that they do merely classify such experience and render its ideal resurrection easy and orderly; and that the word-formulas under which sensory experiences present their known shape will have their form imposed in the wake rather than in advance of actual sensory experience. (7) It is useless to proceed further with this matter until we have set up definitions of certain terms which will be involved incessantly in all our subsequent argument. The need to make these preliminary definitions is imperative. The subject they relate to, from the dawn of our civilization until now, has proved so seductive and so barren, so many utterances whose character is a nerve-fraying incoherence have been made upon it by wise men, and the gossamer arguments in which it is clothed show all that straining and distortion which bespeaks uncouth handling, that no modern deserves to escape the charge of frivolity who embarks on it without assuring himself in advance of the protection of the strict definition. Hence we make such definitions the outposts of our inquiry. They will not only be a safeguard to us and prevent us losing our own way in the mazes of the subject; they will indicate unmistakably just what the assumptions are from which we advance and show just where any invalidation will invalidate all subsequent argument. (8) The terms whose definitions are principally in demand are four. They are the definitions of (1) Things; (2) Ideas of Things; (3) Knowledge of Things; (4) the meaning of the word True. We proceed to define them in the order given: (a) In defining thing, the term as we use it includes all experience., appearing primarily as movement in the surface sense-organs of sight, hearing, smell, taste and touch, whether these organs be acting unaided or in alliance with sense-assisting instruments. A thing is the effect of the movements thus generated considered in bulk as a unit. As far as I am concerned anything—for instance, this hard, black, cold one with white dial upon which index-fingers are tracing movements, giving out a regular ticking sound, and comprehensively called a clock—is just a bundle of highly specific movements which enact themselves—beginning primarily with those of the sense-organs— on the tissues of my own body. Similarly with every other thing. Save, therefore, as the summary of specific movements of our bodies, our experience contains and is aware of no thing. Things are the variously differentiated summaries of such movements. (b) The idea of a thing stands in close kinship to the thing idea'd itself. Not only is the idea made of the same stuff as the thing, i.e. of organic movement, but the constitution of such movement is an incipient replica, a "copy," of that movement. At the same time, the differences between the two are great and vastly important. First among them is the feature that the idea of a thing, unlike its sensory original, can be set moving by the mere enactment of some symbol which has previously been associated with the thing itself. Hence from the power to use a symbol in connexion with things emerges the power to create the idea of things. A symbol stands in relation to an idea in the same releasing capacity as do the keys of an organ to the sounds linked up with them. The symbol is the easily effected parent-action whose enactment begets the idea-form. In this sense of the symbol's power to exploit the essential movements constitutive of things it is to be recognized as the creator of the idea. The second difference, which might indeed claim a first place, is the lack of fullness in the movement constituting the mental copy or idea as compared with that composing the sensory original. The degree of such faintness is, however, far from being absolute; it varies from the almost entire coincidence present in hallucinatory and dream-forms to that extreme of incipiency under which the forms advance very little beyond the bare enunciation of the symbols themselves. We have elsewhere said that this differing quantity of fullness appearing in the symbolically elicited forms might be likened to a cone of which the sense-form itself would correspond to the base, and the symbol to the mere point forming the apex. The lengths which the movement advances beyond the apex in the direction of the base is, then, a matter wholly variable: with this reservation— that for the symbol to be a symbol at all the movement must commit itself to a forward advance sufficient to determine what ##Jan.— Feb. 1919 THE EGOIST 3F- we might call its angle of significance. That is, the symbol must release some idea-form, however faint and incipient. Otherwise, being destitute of meaning, it is not a symbol but a mere sound. On the other hand, and usually in consequence of some physical abnormality of a diseased type, the symbol is able to release idea-forms whose fullness goes to the length of complete coincidence with the sensory. To such effects we give the term hallucination. Midway between the two, however, lies the power to excite forms which, falling short of hallucination, yet possess a fullness of feature which we know under the description of the vivid mental image. (c) Knowledge of a thing is a dual experience of forms secured when we have the power to excite the above two differentiated varieties of movement concurrently. We know a thing when we are, or have been, in a position to call it into experience both in sense-form and as a symbolically released mental or idea-form. As a matter of fact, for man—the inaugurator of the latter experimental form—when once a sense-experience has become attached to a symbol, and therefore yoked up with its corresponding idea, it becomes almost impossible ever again to secure a pure sense-experience in respect of it; and even in respect of unknown, i.e. unsymbolized experiences, such as is his habit of viewing things only as known that his first reaction to the sensory excitation is always the forming of a "What?" in respect of it: meaning "What is its symbol?" and hence, "What is its idea?" Throughout all his humanly conscious experience man looks out upon the world, i.e. permits the excitation of his senses, only with the co-operation of his symbolic keyboard. Things are not only sense-experiences to him. From the outset he combines, or seeks to combine into a known unit, the sense-form with the idea-form generated by the former's name. Naturally, as of these two the latter is form of the former, composed of the same material and shaped in the same form, it is not easy in our ordinary experience to allocate to each its exact share in the composite known effect It is sufficiently easy, however, to subtract from the whole the sensory contribution, since this is precisely what we do every time we conceive an idea in the privacy of the mind at the instance of thing's name. (d) The term true is relevant only to symbols, but this in respect of their application to sense-forms. The term takes its rise and derives its enormous importance from the fact that the symbolically-begotten idea-form should be (but not always is) coincident with its related sense-form in the manner just now described. If in respect of a given sense-form a symbol is applied which calls into being an idea-form which, however, embryonically is the replica of the selfsame movement, then the symbol is a true one. Also, when the sense-form, instead of being simple, is compounded, complex and extensive, the same description still applies. For any symbol to be true in the connexion in which it is employed it must start into existence an idea-form which, in however incipient a form, shall re-establish the same type of movement as that of the sensory form which it symbolizes. On the other hand, divergence from the type of the sensory movement in that of the idea represents precisely what is meant by error. Divergence and discrepancy as to type in respect of these two related forms is what is meant by affirming that any symbol has been wrongly applied. As our next chapter is devoted to this important subject of error, we need not develop the position here beyond the mere statement just given. II (9) Of the definitions as above given, the one with which we are here mainly concerned is that of the idea, and respecting this we hasten to add that its form as given is not a finished product but merely a base from which to work. The aim of this chapter is, in fact, so to modify it as to render it a degree more adequate. Inadequate as it is, however, it has this merit: it throws immediately into relief the riddle relating to the use of hypotheses. For if, as the definition asserts, the idea-form be simply a faint copy taken by the ingenious intervention of a symbol from the sensory, by what reasoning are we to explain the fact that these idea-forms have come to assume complete leadership in the matter of acquiring knowledge concerning sensory forms themselves? (10) Our answer to this question is that the combinations between ideas effect themselves, and this on a basis of an inherent eclectic affinity comparable to that familiarly obtaining among the constituent items of the sensory world. If, as the definition asserts, the nature of ideas is founded upon that of things, its differences being confined chiefly to the features of completeness and mode of origination, it is only to be expected that the specific affinities existing in the nature of things should find themselves repeated in their ideal replicas. The symbolically generated idea can be expected, in short, to be weighted with the same kind of affinities as those infecting the nature of things. Accepting, therefore, such expectation as a clue at least worth working upon, we find it offers certain suggestions. (11) It seems obvious, for instance, that the attractions thus supposedly existing between ideas would present vastly more delicate effects than those obtaining in their sensory counterparts: this being in keeping with the more delicate stuff in which they work. Equally obvious, on the other hand, would it appear that such delicacy of effect would not be a disability from the point of view of the purpose which ideas serve, i.e. that of pointing the way towards new truths concerning the items existing in the sensory world itself. For what is it the inquirer after new truth needs? Precisely a hint; and when most successful it is just a hint and no more which he gets. It is adequate, however, for it is enough, amidst the bewildering unlimitedness of choice, to put him on the track of those combinations which matter. It puts him in possession—if one cares to put it so— of his major and minor premises; and his conclusion or formal automatically following. With these furnished, it becomes merely a labour of experiment: an affair devolving upon the hands: to test the identities thus suggested in the laboratory of the mind by assembling things under an arrangement corresponding to the ideally moulded pattern. In this way he is able to find out whether the apparent convergence of his ideas was a genuine coalescence or that misleading counterfeit of coalescence we call error. The processes of experiment would thus be ancillary to those of the formation of hypotheses. Designed as they are to extend the domain of the real, they remain, of course, of supreme importance; supremely important also because they furnish that sense of assured confidence which encourages ideas still further to branch and mount; but experiment would not represent the basis of the truth-finding process. (12) Now supposing the contention to be true that there exist between ideas affinities to match those existing between things, there would remain two features requiring to be taken note of. In the first place, the contention would necessitate a restatement, within limits, of the "copy" theory of ideas; and in the second, a reason would be demanded why the new affinities should prefer to declare themselves initially in the sphere of ideas rather than in that of external sense. As far as the modification of the "copy" theory goes, it seems we should be able to retain the fundamentals of the theory, i.e. that basically ideas are fainter replicas struck off the original sense-form through the agency of signs; but it follows that this power to attract and enter into union with one another being given play, inevitably there must come into being a distinctive species of idea-form which will represent not so much ideas which are "copies" of sense-forms, as their offspring, new shoots springing from the union of two or more copy-elements. In fact, in the propagation of the material of mind: in the growth of truth, that is: a method would thus seem to obtain not dissimilar from that obtaining in the more comprehensive domain of life itself. One copy-form fructifies by combination with another, and a new form born of the two is the ##4 THE EGOIST Jan.— Feb. 1919 result. Now the forms which embodv these offshoots oi ideas are plainly just those pioneering word-scaffoldings or hypotheses which have shown and are increasingly showing themselves competent to anticipate our findings in the sensory world, whilst experiment and the entire labour of proof and realization is merely a following of the lead of hypotheses, confirming discoveries already made by anticipation in an ideal medium. The experimenter, with the help of that power for spatial interference which he possesses in his hands, materializes the ideal scheme simply by copying it in an arrangement in which he substitutes sensory elements for ideal ones. He thus reduces the pioneering productions of ideal action to the rank of the original "copy" type, so that for all minds making acquaintance with them after the process of realization, "copies" of sturdy sense "originals" they seem and are. By far the" greater part of a modern education consists in making the acquaintance of ideas as so-called copies of the sense-forms, which as a matter of history were born of, and in point of time after, the idea regarded as their "copy." A youth who trains as a wireless operator makes himself acquainted with ideas associated with real sensory forms from a very different angle of approach, and with a very different sense of their relation to corresponding realities from that, let us say, in which the ideas of those realities dawned in the minds of a Clerk Maxwell or a Hertz; and a like inverted apprehension of the relation of the idea to the real holds good in respect of the greater part of the items of our complex realized world. Obviously, therefore, the "ideal copies" are not copies in the ordinary sense. To indicate in what sense they are copies we can again employ the figure we used in our opening and tentative definition: that in which all forms of experience, inclusive of ideas as well as of things, form a continuous cone of movement. We will say that such movement fructifies into fullness and substantiality of form as it travels from apex to base, but that it increases the intensity and intimacy of kinship with its generative core as it travels from base to apex. The working out of this one illustration will, as we think, serve to furnish the answer to the second question under consideration, i.e. why truth emerges initially in the ideal rather than the sensory sphere. In this case we will adapt the illustration and make the apex of the cone stand for the core of life itself generative of all experience, while the base will represent all objects of sense existing on the far side of the organic nucleus. Between the two, acting as a great refracting apparatus, stand the peripheral sense-organs through which pass the strands of power from base to apex. The refractive action of this apparatus is its first function. It is this action which creates the effect and quality of externality. The sense-organs bend back with irresistible sweep from the organic nucleus the effects of the latter's own movements, and by infecting these with their peculiar projective tension give them their appearance of alienness and externality in respect of that nucleus; while the degree and angle of projection, greater and Jess, gives them their position in the external world. One might put it that the first effect of sensory action is to make the long arm of the lever operative against a sense of identical relationship with the organic nucleus, and hence against that sense of intimate first-hand acquaintance with their generative source which forms mentally experienced have, because they can be readily conceived in direct relationship towards it. The items filling the world of ideas escape the heavy weighting in the anti-intimate direction characteristic of sense-forms, and therefore, save in abnormal organic conditions such as obtain in cases of hallucination and dreams, their movements retain and exhibit themselves under the truer and more fundamental character of the fluid forces of the organism. (13) It is to be emphasized that it is the prime function of the substantial, i.e. sensory, activity to show a stubborn, exclusive quality: a character of comparative staticality, as though the externalizing influence of the sense-organs, in the act of estranging their products from their organic source, had caused them to congeal and become heavily resistant. It is in this role that substance acts as a resistant base to the mobility of space; and it is this same sluggishness also, contrasting so heavily with the fluid forces of the mind, which gives to the latter, frail as they are, the advantage in power to make the primary assertions concerning the affinities and sequences pervading all nature inclusive of those of matter as well as of mind. (14) The same feature, moreover, leads to that state of affairs which may be called the conspiracy of science, in which the spatial power, by virtue of a kinship in a common organic mobility with the fluid forces of ideas, embarks successfully upon the reduction of substance to a subordinate position. The resisting stubbornness of substance acts as a challenge which the organism's power of spatial interference, in alliance with the forces of mind, takes up incessantly with the issue foregone in their combined favour. This is, in fact, the whole meaning of our faith that the body of knowledge will continue to grow; and it is in relation to it that the pursuit of knowledge and truth is an exclusively personal affair. Knowledge and truth have no meaning unless conceived as the answer to a desire on the part of the truth-finder to set the substantial world in a framework in which he can view it as a function of his own powers of sense creation and sense-control. Truth to any man means the measure in which he can answer the question: "How shall I, through the forms of activity possible to me, both mental and spatial, contrive to force upon things and events a development in conformity with my desires," and truth's whole relevance and growth are grounded in the making easier for himself of this dominance over things, and the exhibition of his creative relationship towards them plainer. The identities which his science proclaims to be existent among things are, therefore, ultimately the identifying in a common converging organic stream of all natural movements, the convergence taking effect under the compulsion of the fluid forces of mind helped out by the mobile forces of men's hands. Such movement the inquirer into truth has to begin to conceive as being generated in himself, and projected and prolonged across his peripheral sensory apparatus as the objects and events of the external world. Prior to the emergence of ideal action it was the spatial movement alone which made its entry into experience undisguisedly in this relationship. The sensory movements, static and alien-seeming, were experienced as of a world apart; and the ideal replicas of these born of them and after them, and modelled upon them, appeared as their "copies" rather than as their developments and extensions in the direction of their common and vital source. The effect of a fuller growth into truth will be to invert that conception, and to conceive a scheme which shows the movement nearer to its generative source and more strongly impregnated with its radical and causal character when it exists in the more intimate and vital sphere of ideas; and the labour of a philosophy matured sufficiently to embrace all science will be that of exhibiting all nature as an organic product. (15) So the tables seem turned. Ideas and things are, we can say, weighted with the same kind of affinities, but in place of having to adopt a timid position and suggest that those affinities which certainly exist among things may exist between ideas, we can say that these seemingly very obvious affinities of things would not have become obvious and could not have had their existence made known had not the hint concerning them been given by identities ##Jan.— Feb. 1919 THE EGOIST 5 announcing themselves first as those of ideas. What is called the evidence of law in the external world is therefore simply an extension outwards of identities "sensed" in the closer vital intimacy of ideas, and the sequences which we recognize as constituting the external causal nexus are based upon identities which betray themselves in the first instance as a feature of ideas. III (16) After laying so much stress upon the fact that truth emerges in the sphere of ideas rather than in the sensory, and emphasizing the leading role which ideas play in the ascertaining of the nature of things, it appears rather ironical when we attempt the account of the nature of ideas and endeavour to say just what it is which happens to ideas when a new truth is born among them, that we have to confess that the inadequacy of our information is due to the non-existence of a mechanism so devised that it furnishes sensory forms which are exact correspondences and functions of the ideal activities. The irony, however, does not cut so deep as at first glance it seems to. The superiority we have claimed for the idea is that it gives a hint and a lead concerning the manner in which we shall find—if we proceed to look—physical forces strung together. Obviously the worth of such a hint can be appraised only if we can test it by arranging spatially the sensory factors involved, on the lines suggested in thought. Only so can we confirm the ground under our feet and make the hint more than a hint, or discard it as valueless and misleading altogether. If, then, on account of certain difficulties, certain kinds of phenomena remain in a position where either they are inaccessible to or can elude the experimenting activity of our hands and instruments, our knowledge necessarily remains speculative, cloudy, and insecure. And this is the actual position in which psychological inquiry at present gropes and hesitates. We do not possess the instruments which can render ideal existences and their character spatially demonstrable to independently acting minds. Physical facts as they are, in the sense that they are definite movements recording themselves in substantial tissues, they are so interiorly placed that means of submitting them to conditions yielding evidence corroboratable because measurable by standard units has not yet been devised, and we are therefore dependent upon that misty evidence which is proffered by the individual mind concerning its "feel" of its own movements: a very unsatisfactory state of affairs, of course, which can only be remedied with the devising of the mechanism furnishing evidence which will override this "one-man," "introspective" version. Meanwhile it is upon this latter that, for lack of a better, we have mainly to rely. (17) The evidence so yielded is frail, meagre and unprecise, but, taken in consideration with what seems to me an unescapable logical basis, sufficient to give some sense of direction to the inquiry. In conformity with this logical basis we have advanced a conception of life which sees the latter, in its most elemental aspects, as the polarization of some force into two equal and opposite organic arms or modes of force, these being responsible for the creation of the experience of substance and space respectively. Or we can use terms in more current use, and say they constitute the organism's sensory actions and "spatial reactions respectively. As long as life remained on the subhuman level these two forms of action existed only as indivisible units, forming an unbroken sweep of movement from the one to the other; whilst the effects they produce as felt-experience represented the product of the two poles of action inextricably bound together into a unitary whole. The most salient feature of the period of instinctive action is the steadily intensive elaboration of the sensory apparatus, and consequently of the powers of sensory creation. Obviously, the organism's power of spatial adjustment must have developed in equal step with it, but as the latter power is of a uniform type the qualitative differences developing in the sensory arm, compared with the merely quantitative development in the spatial, is the more impressive, and we tend rather to see the dual products which constitute our external effects as the intricate coiling-up of sense effects, although, obviously, into every such effect, whether taken as a whole or in part, the spatial reaction which formed part and parcel with the sensory action must be bound up with it. (18) At the human level, where the vital force has increased until it is capable of effecting, as it were, an additional turn of the screw, so that the organic nucleus of life tightens on itself and increases the tension both of its sensory and its spatial modes of action, we find that new quality of saliency invading all experience which renders it possible to create a sign, and consequently a mental form or idea which ushers in with itself the entire effects we call intellectual. Now the role of intellectual action in respect of the two other modes is precisely to uncoil their intricately interlaced effects and to segregate as a free force the spatial factor with which antecedently the sensory factor had entered into alliance as resistant base to form any given effect. This action of withdrawing the unobtrusive spatial factor embodied in effects is, because of its comparative simplicity, like that of unravelling the simple thread in a complicated double stitch. Whereas tugging, at the thread which the mechanism has thrown into a complicated pattern would merely tighten the whole, the withdrawing of the simple one unravels the entire arrangement with comparative ease. Its own simplicity makes its own unravelling easy, while its more complex partner, deprived of its necessary co-operating element, has to run down its complexity notwithstanding. (19) Let us indicate how, according to our conception, the entire mechanism works. Beginning with the effects of the spatial and substantial actions existing in intimate union in the external world, we get with the arrival of the power to create experience in the ideal medium, copies or continuations of these same actions in ideal equivalents. In addition to the features belonging uniquely to ideas which we have already noted in this chapter, we require here to take note of another feature elsewhere considered, i.e. that in virtue of that high tension which is the initial agency operative in the very creation of ideas, the items of ideal experience are cut up into detached objects or units, upon any one of which the organism can concentrate its entire available force at one throw. The effects of this concentration can be multiplied in intensity with every added impulse of concentration in a given direction, and it seems that this concentration thus intensively applied upon a single idea acts as a species of incubating heat under which the idea of its own nature begins to disintegrate into its constituent positive and negative elements: that is, into a simple positive spatial action, which we can call the effect's cause, onthe one hand; and a negative substantial action serving as a causal base on the other. Just as in the external world we find material bodies in a condition in which a disintegrating influence is breaking down their atomic structure, so there seems to obtain among ideas conditions in which that high intensification of energies which has made their existence possible, reinforced by the intense heat of multiple concentrations of mental energy, causes a complex idea to undergo disintegration, with the result that a total effect breaks down into its constituent elements of a simpler sensory base united with a spatial "causal" action. The "two parts into which the effect breaks down represent (1) an action: something we have to do (and to which we propose to give the description "positive" cause), and (2) some- ##6 THE EGOIST Jan.— Feb. 1919 thing (which we will call the cause's "negative" sensory base) which allows the action to have play upon itself. When the disrupting heat has done its work upon any effect, that effect will emerge in a new relationship between these two agents of positive cause plus a contributory to the effect in the shape of a negative sensory base. (20) It soon becomes patent, however, that this latter element does not remain long in a state which is entirely simple, negative, and sensory. Once a direct concentration of energy is made in respect of it, a like process repeats itself: the simple form develops complex features; positive causal elements begin to manifest themselves; and the mere "contributory to an effect" matures to the status of an effect in itself from which a positive spatial cause requires to be analysed out. Thus it is we get the causal chain, every effect releasing a cause plus an element, which, concentrated upon, in turn itself becomes an effect capable of releasing a cause. So just as in the play of electrical forces we find positive and negative elements marshalling up in an orderly arrangement of poles, north and south, here in the play of ideas we find analogous elements sorting themselves out on what we can call the principle of their "charge," positive and negative, into the arrangement of an unbroken chain of cause and effect. (21) We have here assumed that the disintegration process was the automatic and inevitable outcome of the new power of grip and consequent concentration which is the basic human differentiation. We consider this assumption to be correct and justifiable, and consider that all man's earliest disintegrations of experiences into causal sequences must have been arrived at in this automatic way. Later, however, as the human mind became more aware of the nature of its own tendencies, and as the mind itself became stocked with ideas of action as well as of ideas of substantial forms, a speeding-up of the disintegration process appears to have emerged, the energies of the mind setting themselves deliberately to the work of quickening the process. What the speeding-up amounted to we consider to be as follows: In seeking to release the cause of any effect, in addition to submitting that effect to progressively heightening concentrations of attention which themselves would in time cause the normally buried positive elements to emerge and stand apart, the mental mechanism as a whole takes the idea thus slowly ripening for solution and sweeps it over the coexisting ideas of the mind in search of one which will serve to wrench the substantial element free of its spatial partner. It seems obvious that the force thus sought will be precisely of the type of the positive causal action from which the negative sensory element under the disintegrating heat of attention is being compelled to disengage itself. For the very fact that the two forces exist in such intimate alliance proves their instinctive attraction for each other; and suggests too that, the disrupting influence apart, this selfsame attraction would again be able to assert itself. Hence when the entire dissolving scheme is swept over the stock of ideas either already existing in mind or easily cullable from the idea of some sensory happening in the external world, the negative sensory element in that scheme will act as a magnet to the idea which embodies the positive causal action from which under compulsion it is escaping. Should the searching process prove fortunate two actions will enact themselves simultaneously: (1) The "free" positive idea will combine with the escaping sensory negative one, and (2) it will repel— and hence drive into a position apart—the positive one to which it is the twin form. In short, the effect will be a definite physical event of combined union and disruption between three agents: the event very often taking place with such energy that its explosive effects are perfectly perceptible in consciousness, as well as the rattling down and falling into place of contiguous or related ideal schemes bound up with them. The kind of experience which a Darwin must have had when he struck the fertilizing idea of a life's observations and broodings in reading a pamphlet of Malthus's, or a Newton in seeing in a flash of understanding the fall of an apple, is of a kind not in any sense unknown to less illustrious workers in ideas, when they follow their tasks with concentration and industry combined. We put the labour of concentration first because it appears first in importance: because the most industrious search for the fertile idea is a waste of time unless and until the idea to be disintegrated has advanced some very appreciable distance in the direction of maturity. (22) This maturing of the idea for dissolution is the essential part of the business, and makes all the difference in the world in the matter of an absolute sense of certainty respecting a new truth, even while the latter is still untested, and the uncertain feeling of guesswork with which we are all familiar when we merely man?uvre with ideas and apply what seems to be a helpful one in the hope of something useful happening. This industrious manoeuvring with ideas makes, indeed, the most fertile breeding-ground of error. The keenest follower after truth has to pay respect to the fact that the genius of the entire operation is the disintegrating influence: the "free" idea merely speeding up the process; and one would be prepared to say that with this "external" agency entirely to seek, given the disruptive heat of attention, the process of the disintegration of ideas would carry on slowly to a definite and successful issue; so that with man's industrious and deliberate co-operation, or without it, creation's arrival at the goal of truth is assured. Speaking introspectively, it seems, however, that it is only by insisting on the two modes of achieving the disruption of effects that one can successfully account for the two distinct forms under which solutions fall to us. Sometimes, undoubtedly, intervention of a fertilizing idea is involved in the affair; we feel the actual shock of collision, of disruption and reintegration. In other cases we are conscious simply of brooding over an idea: keeping it warm, and augmenting its heat by that process of "intending the mind" to which Newton paid tribute. One moment the truth is not there; it is entirely to seek. The next moment it is in our hand and the whole scheme has unfolded spontaneously like an opening flower, with utterest toillessness. But be the method the one or the other, the essential fact is that a cosmic event has effected itself in the ideal mechanism, and a definite disintegration has taken place, whereby the organic scheme of things has simplified itself by running down at least one additional link in the causal chain. HELLENIST SERIES By Ezra Pound V. AESCHYLUS A SEARCH for Aeschylus in English is deadly, accursed, mind-rending; Browning has "done " the Agamemnon, or "done the Agamemnon in the eye" as the critic may choose to consider. He has written a modest and an apparently intelligent preface: "I should hardly look for an impossible transmission of the reputed magniloquence and sonority of the Greek; and this with the less regret, inasmuch as there is abundant musicality elsewhere, but nowhere else than in his poem the ideas of the poet." He quotes Matthew Arnold on the Greeks: "their expression is so excellent, because it is so simple and so well subordinated, because it draws its force directly from the pregnancy of the matter which it conveys... not a word wasted, not a sentiment capriciously thrown in, stroke on stroke." ##Jan.- Feb. 1919 THE EGOIST 7 He is reasonable about the greek spelling. He points out that ãüíïí Éäþí êÜëëéóôïé/ áíäñþí sounds very poorly as "Seeing her son the fairest of men" but is outshouted in "Remirando il figliuolo bellissimo degli uomini," and protests his fidelity to the meaning of Aeschylus. His weakness in this work is where it essentially lay in all of his expression, it rests in the term "ideas" —"Thought" as Browning understood it—"ideas" as the term is current, are poor two-dimensional stuff, a scant, scratch covering. "Damn ideas anyhow." An idea is only an imperfect induction from fact. The solid, the "last atom of force verging off into the first atom of matter" is the force, the emotion, the objective sight of the poet. In the Agamemnon it is the whole rush of the action, the whole wildness of Kassandra's continual shrieking, the flash of the beacon fires burning unstinted wood, the outburst of TñïéÜí Á÷áéþí ïíóáí, or the later Tñïßáí 'A÷áéïß ôçä' å÷ïìó ev ÞðÝñá. "Troy is the greeks'." Even Rossetti has it better than Browning: " Troy's down, tall Troy's on fire," anything, literally anything that can be snouted, that can be shouted uncontrolledly and hysterically. "Troy is the greeks' " is an ambiguity for the ear. "Know that our men are in Ilion." Anything but a stilted unsayable jargon, yet with Browning we have "Troia the Achaioi hold," and late, "Troia do the Achaioi hold," followed by: " this same day I think a noise—no mixture—reigns i' the city Sour wine and unguent pour thou in one vessel—" And it does not end here. In fact it reaches the nadir of its bathos in a later speech of Klutaimnestra in the line "The perfect man his home perambulating!" We may add several exclamation points to the one which Mr. Browning has provided. But then all translation is a thankless, or is at least most apt to be a thankless and desolate undertaking. What Browning had not got into his sometimes excellent top-knot was the patent, or what should be the patent fact that inversions of sentence order in an uninflected language like English are not, simply and utterly are not any sort of equivalent for inversions and perturbations of order in a language inflected as greek and latin are inflected. That is the chief source of his error. In these inflected languages order has other currents than simple sequence of subject, predicate, object; and all sorts of departures from this franco-english natural position are in greek and latin neither confusing nor delaying; they may be both simple and emphatic, they do not obstruct one's apperception of the verbal relations. Obscurities not inherent in the matter, obscurities due not to the thing but to the wording, are a botch, and are not worth preserving in a translation. The work lives not by them but despite them. Rossetti is in this matter sounder than Browning, when he says that the only thing worth bringing over is the beauty of the original; and despite Rossetti's purple plush and molasses trimmings he meant by "beauty" something fairly near what we mean by the "emotional intensity" of his original. Obscurities inherent in the thing occur when the author is piercing, or trying to pierce into, uncharted regions; when he is trying to express things not yet current, not yet worn into phrase; when he is ahead of the emotional, or philosophic sense (as a painter might be ahead of the colour-sense) of his contemporaries. As for the word-sense and phrase-sense, we still hear workmen and peasants and metropolitan bus-riders repeating the simplest sentences three and four times, back and forth between interlocutors: trying to get the sense "I sez to Bill, I'm goin' to 'Arrow." or some other such subtlety from one occiput into another. "You sez to Bill," etc. "Yus, I sez . . ." etc. "Ï!" The first day's search at the Museum reveals "Aeschylus" printed by Aldus in 1518; by Stephanus in 1557, no English translation before 1777, a couple in the 1820's, more in the middle of the century, since 1880 past counting, and no promising names in the list. Sophocles falls to Jebb and does not appear satisfactory. From which welter one returns thankfully to the Thomas Stanley greek and latin edition, with Saml. Butler notes, Cambridge, "typis ac sumptibus academicis," 1811—once a guinea or half a guinea per volume, half leather, but now mercifully, since people no longer read latin, picked up at 2s. for the set (eight volumes in all), rather less than the price of their postage. Quartos in excellent type. Browning shows himself poet in such phrases as "dust, mud's thirsty brother," which is easy, perhaps, but is English, even Browning's own particular English, as "dust, of mud brother thirsty," would not be English at all; and if I have been extremely harsh in dealing with the first passage quoted it is still undisputable that I have read Browning off and on for seventeen years with no small pleasure and admiration, and am one of the few people who know anything about his Sordello, and have never read his Agamemnon, have not even now when it falls into a special study been able to get through his Agamemnon. Take another test passage: Ovtos Ýóéí ÁãáìÝìíùí, Ýìïò ÔÉüóéò, íåêñüò äå rrjcrde äåæéÜò X^pos ' ¸ñãïí äéêáßíáò ôâêôáíïò. ÔÜä' þä å÷€À, "Hicce est Agamemnon, maritus Meus, hac dextra mortuus, Facinus justae artificis. Haec ita se habent." 1415 We turn to Browning and find: "—this man is Agamemnon, My husband, dead, the work of this right hand here, Aye, of a just artificer: so things are." To the infinite advantage of the latin, and the complete explanation of why Browning's Aeschylus, to say nothing of forty other translations of Aeschylus, are unreadable. Any bungling translation: "This is Agamemnon, My husband, Dead by this hand, And a good job. These, gentlemen, are the facts." No, that is extreme, but the point is that any natural wording, anything which keeps the mind off theatricals and on Klutaimnestra actual, dealing with an actual situation, and not pestering the reader with frills and festoons of language, is worth all the convoluted tushery that the Victorians can heap together. I can conceive no improvement on the latin, it saves by dextra for oeCias xEpos, it loses a few letters in "se habent," but it has the same drive as the greek. The latin can be a whole commentary on the greek, or at least it can give one the whole parsing and order, and let one proceed at a comfortable rate with but the most rudimentary knowledge of the original language. And I do not think this a trifle; it would be an ill day if men again let the classics go by the ##8 THE EGOIST Jan.—Feb. 1919 board; we should fall into something worse than, or as bad as, the counter-reformation: a welter of gum-shoes, and cocoa, and Y.M.C.A. and Webbs, and social theorizing committees, and the general hell of a groggy doctrinaire obfuscation; and the very disagreeabilizing of the. classics, every pedagogy which puts the masterwork further from us, either by obstructing the schoolboy, or breeding affectation in dilettante readers, works toward such a detestable end. I do not know that strict logic will cover all of the matter, or that I can formulate anything beyond a belief that we test a translation by the feel, and particularly by the feel of being in contact with the force of a great original, and it does not seem to me that one can open this latin text of the Agamemnon without getting such sense of contact: "Mox sciemus lampadum luciferarum Signorumque per faces et ignis vices, An vere sint, an somniorum instar, 500 Gratum veniensillud lumen eluserit animum nostrum. Praeconem hunc a littore video obumbratum Ramis olivae: testatur autem haec mihi frater Luti socius aridus pulvis, Quod neque mutus, neque accendens facem Materiae montanae signa dabit per fumum ignis." or "Apollo, Apollo! Agyieu Apollo mi! 1095 Ah! quo me tandem duxisti! ad qualem domum. "Heu, heu, ecce, ecce, cohibe a vacca Taurum: vestibus involens 1135 Nigricornem machina Percutit; cadit vero in aquali vase. Insidiosi lebetis casum ut intelligas velim. Heu, heu, argutae lusciniae fatum mihi tributs: 1155 "Heu nuptiae, nuptiac Paridis exitiales 1165 Amicis! eheu Scamandri patria unda!" All this howling of Kassandra comes at one from the page, and the grimness also of the Iambics: "Ohime! lethali intus percussus sum vulnere." "Tace: quis clamat vulnus lethaliter vulneratus?" "Ohime! iterum secundo ictu sauciatus." "Patrari facinus mihi videtur regis ex ejulatu." 1355 "At tuta communicemus Consilia." "Ego quidem vobis meam dico sententiam," etc. Here or in the opening of the play, or where you like in this latin, we are at once in contact with the action, something real is going on, we are keen and curious on the instant, but I cannot get any such impact from any part of the Browning. "In bellum nuptam, 696 Auctorem contentionum, Helenam: Quippe quae congruenter Perditrix navium. perditrix virorum, perditrix urbium, E delicatis Thalami ornamentis navigavit Zephyri terrigenae aura. Et numerosi scutiferi, Venatores secundum vestigia, Remorum inapparentia Appulerunt ad Simoentis ripas Foliis abundantes Ob jurgium cruentum." "War-wed, author of strife, Fitly Helen, destroyer of ships, of men, Destroyer of cities, From delicate-curtained room Sped by land breezes. "Swift the shields on your track, Oars on the unseen traces, And leafy Simois Gone red with blood." Contested Helen, 'ëìöéíåéêç. "War-wed, contested, (Fitly) Helen, destroyer of ships; of men; Destroyer of cities, "From the delicate-curtained room Sped by land breezes. "Swift on the shields on your track, Oars on the unseen traces. "Red leaves in Simois!" "Rank flower of love, for Troy." "Quippe leonem educa vit . . . 726 Mansuetum, pueris amabilem . . . . . . divinitus sacerdos Ates (i.e Paris) In aedi bus enutritus est. "Statim igitur venit Ad urbem Hii, é Ut ita di cam, animus Tranquillae serenitatis, placidum Divitiarum ornamentum Blandum oculourum telum, Animum pungens flos amoris (Helena) accubitura. Perfecit autem Nuptiarum acerbos exitus, Mala vicina, malaque socia, Irruens in Priamidas, Ductu Jovis Hospitalis, Erinnys luctuosa sponsis." It seems to me that english translators have gone wide in two ways, first in trying to keep every adjective, when obviously many adjectives in the original have only melodic, value, secondly they have been deaved with syntax; have wasted time, involved their english, trying first to evolve a definite logical structure for the greek and secondly to preserve it, and all its grammatical relations, in English. One might almost say that Aeschylus' greek is agglutinative, that his general drive, especially in choruses, is merely to remind the audience of the events of the Trojan war; that syntax is subordinate, and duly subordinated, left out, that he is not austere, but often even verbose after a fashion (not Euripides' fashion). A reading version might omit various things, which would be of true service only if the English were actually to be sung on a stage, or chanted to the movements of the choric dance or procession. Above suggestions should not be followed with intemperance. But certainly more sense and less syntax (good or bad) in translations of Aeschylus might be a relief. Chor. Anapest: "Ï iniquam Helenam, una quae multas, Multas admodum animas 1465 Perdidisti ad Trojam! Nunc vero nobilem memorabilem (Agam. animam), Deflorasti per caedem inexpiabilem. Talis erat tunc in aedibus Eris viri domitrix aerumna." Clytemnestra: "Nequaquam mortis sortem exopta Hisce gravatus; Neque in Helenam iram convertas, Tan quam viriperdam, ac si una multorum Virorum animas Graecorum perdens, Intolerabilem dolorem effecerit." · · · · ## Jan.— Feb. 1919 THE EGOIST 9 Clytemnestra: "Mortem hand indignam arbitrar 1530 Huic contigisse: Neque enim ille insidiosam cladem Aedibus intulit; sed meum ex ipso Germen sublatum, multum defletam Iphigeniam cum indigne affecerit, Digna passus est, nihil in inferno Glorietur, gladio inflicta Morte luens quae prior perpétra vit." "Death not unearned, nor yet a novelty in this house; Let him make talk in hell concerning Iphigenia." (If we allow the last as ironic equivalent of the literal "let him not boast in hell.") "He gets but a thrust once given (by him) Back-pay, for Iphegenia" One can further condense the English but at the cost of obscurity. Morshead is bearable in Clytemnestra's description of the beacons. "From Ida's top Hephaestos, Lord of fire Sent forth his sign, and on, and ever on, Beacon to beacon sped the courier-flame From Ida to the crag, that Hermes loves On Lemnos; thence into the steep sublime Of Athos, throne of Zeus, the broad blaze flared. Thence, raised aloft to shoot across the sea The moving light, rejoicing in its strength Sped from the pyre of pine, and urged its way, In golden glory, like some strange new sun, Onward and reached Macistus' watching heights." THE FRENCH IDEA A CHANGE in the calendar means more this year than merely a change in the calendar. With other changes the decentralization of the French intellectual activity, so often appealed for, seems at last to be approaching realization. However advanced or not the extension of the Parisian monopoly may be, the attribution of the national thought to the capital alone becomes too narrow— indeed a misnomer. A chronicle claiming to keep, be it ever so slightly, in touch with the various manifestations of the French genius would err henceforth too grossly were it, by its definition, to insist upon a specialization whose very sound now verges on the trivial. I will not here dwell upon the scope and limitations of the French quality in expressions having their origin and their diffusion in France; for this circumstance explains the very reason for this column, while the wider aspect has already been copiously set forth by a Belgian writer * enthusiastically in favour, as Swiss and Belgians can so generously and justly be, of the theory that the French in its ensemble is the only esprit of influence in Europe. Taking, for example, certain important social personalities in the past, the Prince de Ligne for one, their cosmopolitanism was, in his opinion, a French naturalization, for the French view of life alone can travel round the globe without cutting a strange or provincial figure. Indeed, wherever it penetrates it dominates, invariably leading, following none. It has ever been a master, never a disciple. Despite the non-existence nowadays of the society which in the eighteenth century gave the world its social cue, th eintellectual characteristics it embodied have been handed down to its present-day intellectual representatives, and M. Dumont-Wilden specifies these characteristics while naming the men who, each in his way (André Gide, Maurice Barrés, etc.), most * L. Dumont-Wilden: L'Esprit Européen (Figuière, Paris). completely give reality to the term "Esprit Européen" in its modern definition—that critical attitude, that searching unrest, that lack of discipline— "culture," as Goethe understood the term. In 1914, M. Dumont-Wilden wrote, or, more precisely, published (it may have been written earlier) that the Germans had confounded moral influence with political influence ("La science allemande, la littérature allemande, l'art allemand, la civilisation allemande toute entière sont des instruments de la politique allemande"), while French civilization has always been, and is still, independent of politics— therefore whatever its political stability or unrest, prestige or decadence, its moral supremacy remains intact: "C'est parceque la France, la civilisation française, est supérieure à ces divisions." Failure to discern this has led foreigners into frequent misapprehension. Many of them went so far as to commit the somewhat injurious mistake of allowing themselves to be surprised by qualities which the war did not provoke, but merely brought into closer proximity to their short-sighted view. In 1914 also, M. Dumont-Wilden, Belgian, published the opinion that the intellect of France needed the support of the soldiers of France: Plus la France se voudra Française avec frénésie, plus elle rendra de services à l'Europe. ... de l'urgence qu'il y a, pour elle, à défendre cette liberté d'esprit, cette humanité. Le meilleur moyen de se défendre, pour la race gauloise, c'est toujours de prendre l'offensive. Quand la France se défend, elle défend l'Europe. Perhaps a compromising touch, but less so from a Belgian than it might be from a Frenchman. By all means let foreigners be chauvinistic—for the countries of their admiration. The more so the better. M. Dumont-Wilden's identification of the French and the European spirit—his synthesis which is attained through a penetrating analysis, and his analysis which is ever dominated by the synthetical grasp—is subtle, skilful, and more opportune even than when first published. * * * * The previous chronicle had occasion to deplore the loss of two women—writers of. quality. The current one must take into account that of two men, not even one of whom, though his reputation was extensive, and the newspapers defined him as typically French (but they knew what they meant and so do we), would be invited into his European circle by M. Dumont-Wilden. I speak of Edmond Rostand, who, like so many, fell to the influenza epidemic, sincerely mourned as a man by his friends and as a poet by the public. The popularity of this versifier, whose early work was not without merit, was, and will continue for some time, in France to be equivalent to that of Kipling in England—mais quelle différence d'envergure between the two men! And like Kipling he was the people's Laureate. Guillaume Apollinaire's hybrid extraction is not either, I fancy, the letter-patent wanted to give him carte blanche into M. Dumont-Wilden's rarefied milieu. Mixed blood does not make the ideal cosmopolitan, nor genuine admiration for France, any more than clattering patriotism, the complete Frenchman. It was a sad little funeral. Only a few weeks before M. Apollinaire had the complexion of a man in good health. But the different operations—of which a special head protection, giving a curious mediaeval aspect to his rubicund abbot-like features, was the constant reminder—without doubt provided an easy hold to the ailment—influenza also—which had him in its grip but a couple of days. It was a sad little funeral: a quite recently wedded girl grief-possessed; flowers and the national colours— he was buried with the military honours due to him— ##10 THE EGOIST Jan.— Feb. 1919 hiding thirty-eight years of a serene, good-humoured, good-natured, successful, popular and original life, concluded more than estimably in the practical proof of love for the esprit of Prance by helping her "to keep her rank among the strong nations," and "to enable her to continue to represent gloriously the most refined culture, the most aristocratic and most humane in Europe."* For if Apollinaire was very often a humorist who could not resist exercising a form of humour somewhat misleading he was unmistakably serious when the hour of his well-loved country's great doom sounded, serious beyond obligation. * * * * For the book M. George Duhamel published under a pseudonym, the Académie Goncourt has somewhat shamefacedly awarded to him its annual prize, patently to compensate for having failed to distinguish the one he published under his own and better-known name. This prize, when it comes, never gives complete satisfaction, yet the list of winners cannot, looked back upon, be considered quite defective. These are some of the principal names it has distinguished: John-Antoine Nau, Claude Farrère, the Thaurauds, Francis de Miomandre, the Leblonds, Louis Pergaud, Marc Elder, René Benjamin, Barbusse (shared), Duhamel-Thévenin. Not such a bad show when all is said. The wrong is perhaps not so much in the manner of the attribution, but in the attribution at all. M. C. Important. The last sentence of the paragraph quoting Les Moments perdus de John Shag, by Gilbert de Voisins, in the November-December issue should read: "John Shag is more like Elia than any one else I can think of in France." THREE GEORGIAN NOVELISTS II THERE are certain points of similarity between Mr. Hugh Walpole and Mr. Comp ton Mackenzie, but where Mr. Walpole has the advantage over the author of Sinister Street is, first, that he has a spontaneous, if limited, sense of humour; and second, that he has succeeded in forgetting a few details about undergraduates. The kind of life he has chosen chiefly to explore is narrow and restricted, but it is at least life of a sort. And he is capable now and then of seeing beyond it, and therefore of seeing it in perspective. Like Mr. Henry James, whom he has taken as his master, Mr. Walpole has an instinctive fondness for that select enclave, now gradually being left stranded because of its reduced circumstances and its obstinacy, which contains "the best people." He is charmingly old-fashioned enough to have a liking for duchesses; they really thrill him. And his books appeal to all the novel-readers who also have a liking for duchesses. (The people who are interested in titles are not housemaids, as it is a popular fallacy to suppose, but the titled; so that Mr. Walpole's public probably consists very largely of just the kind of people who figure in his books.) Mr. Walpole's colours are not so gorgeous or splashed on with so much vigour as Mr. Mackenzie's, but the tapestry into which he weaves them has usually more distinction of design. Where Mr. Mackenzie favours the chronicle and is forced to leave it fragmentary because he can neither suggest nor select, Mr. Walpole favours the "theme." The simile of tapestry is not inapt for Mr. Walpole's novels, for they are usually flat without much atmosphere or movement, and his'colours, though always the latest fashionable * L. Dumont-Wilden. shades, do not palpitate, and suffer from lack of sunlight, like the colours of the academic painters of the early nineteenth century. Mr. Walpole, perhaps more than any of his distinguished contemporaries, is at pains to keep in the forefront of fashion. He has a sharp eye for the latest literary modes, for the correct political, moral, or aesthetic opinions; and he is not above taking notice of the way other fellows do things. Any small innovation in the way of description which strikes him as being new or smart he is apt, subconsciously, to assimilate and reproduce. He will describe the raising of a woman's arm. the feeling of opening your napkin at dinner in a strange house, the look of Piccadilly Circus on an evening in the Season, just as one or other of his contemporaries might do it, but with the personal touch omitted. From my point of view, since I do not belong to the "best people" and thus have no intense personal interest in their doings, what is most tedious about Mr. Walpole's later books is their lack of variety in characterization. The family likeness between all his people is too strongly marked. The Beaminsters in The Duchess of Wrexe have a kind of immovable, unchangeable quality which is doubtless true to life; but when the same figures are reproduced again and again the tapestry degenerates into figured wall-paper and his procession of elegant figures suggests the stage army which multiplies itself indefinitely. It is really little to be wondered at that when, for the purposes of his plots, Mr. Walpole brings ordinary men and women from the romantic, complex outside world into the prim cage in which his Beaminsters and Trenchards strut, they seem immediately to become asphyxiated. For example, when Philip Mark, who leaves behind him a mistress and all sorts of highly coloured experiences in Russia, is brought within the purview of The Green Mirror he at once becomes paralysed in action and distorted in appearance. This may be true to life—indeed we all know how often it happens that when a man strays from the outer world into Mr. Walpole's favourite enclosure he loses his identity and all that made him lovable or vital—but by making the less devour the greater it undoubtedly damps down the reader's interest and gives him a feeling of oppression. Whether, as the result of the war, Mr. Walpole will arise, gird up his loins, and heave a portion of rock through the Green Mirror which has till now enchanted him remains to be seen. Mr. Ferrin and Mr. Traill, that memorable human drama, revealed in him potentialities of which he has never since made use. It is a pity, for his later books, agreeable as they are, are studies only in stagnation. They introduce us to charming, limited, well-bred men and women with delightful manners who have inherited a point of view they are not strong enough sincerely to disown. To read one of them is to go through the sensation of putting on one's high hat and grandpapa's Sunday trousers and paying a call in Rutland Gate! But Mr. Walpole is capable of higher things than being a fashionable novelist. And he is not capable of being another Henry James. Douglas Goldring (To be continued) THE "LAMENT FOR ADONIS" IT is a pleasure to note that the principles of translating laid down in the prospectus of the Poets' Translation Series are being followed by other translators/That this "literary-literal" method has a distinct advantage over all others is proved by a very sensitive version of Bion's Lament for Adonis recently published by Miss Winifred Bryher. The ideal of such translations comes, of course, from France; any one familiar with the translations of Leconte de Lisle, Louijs, Quillard, and Dr. Mardrus ##Jan.—Feb. 1919 THE EGOIST 11 will know this. And whether Miss Bryher evolved independently her ideas of translation, or derived them from the French and the Poets' Translation Series, is not important. The great thing is that she is on the right track; and with all the discouraging mass of the Loeb classics, the "copious" pedantry of almost every extant version of Hellenic poetry, it is really a delightful surprise to find some one who cares more for literature than for philology, who has the swift spirit to kindle at the poetry rather than the dull brain to plod after it. This translation is not perfect; indeed there is no such thing as a perfect translation; but it contains beautiful phrases: "Persephone, thou art stronger than I, all that is beautiful has fallen to thee." "You are dead, thrice-desired, and my love is gone as a dream." "Rest him among the soft coverings where he was wont to slumber, where nights slipped by in hallowed sleep with thee upon a couch of gold." Richard Aldington ULYSSES* By James Joyce Episode II "You, Cochrane, what city sent for him!" "Tarentum, sir." "Very good. Well?" "There was a battle, sir." "Very good. Where?" The boy's blank face asked the blank window. Fabled by the daughters of memory. And yet it was in some way if not as memory fabled it. A phrase, then, of impatience, thud of Blake's wings of excess. I hear the ruin of all space, shattered glass and toppling masonry, and time one livid final flame. What's left us then? "I forget the place, sir. 279 b.c." "Asculum," Stephen said, glancing at the name and year in the gorescarred book. "Yes, sir. And he said: 'Another victory like that and we are done for.'" That phrase the world had remembered. A dull ease of the mind. From a hill above a corpsestrewn plain a general, speaking to his officers, leaned upon his spear. Any general to any officers. They lend ear. "You, Armstrong," Stephen said. "What was the end of Pyrrhus?" "End of Pyrrhus, sir?" "I know, sir. Ask me, sir," Comyn said. "Wait. You, Armstrong. Do you know anything about Pyrrhus?" A bag of figrolls lay snugly in Armstrong's satchel. He curled them between his palms at whiles and swallowed them softly. Crumbs adhered to the tissues of his lips. A sweetened boy's breath. Well off people, proud that their eldest son was in the navy. Vico Road, Dalkey. "Pyrrhus, sir? Pyrrhus, a pier." All laughed. Mirthless high malicious laughter. Armstrong looked round at his classmates, silly glee in profile. In a moment they will laugh more loudly, aware of my lack of rule and of the fees their papas pay. "Tell me now," Stephen said, poking the boy's shoulder with the book, "what is a pier." "A pier, sir," Armstrong said. "A thing out in the water. A kind of bridge. Kingstown pier, sir." * As printing difficulties have made it impossible to publish Ulysses in full in serial form, a series of extracts from it will be printed in The Egoist during the next few months. The form in which the work is written—chapters for the most part complete in themselves—favours such a procedure.— Editor. Some laughed again: mirthless but with meaning. Two in the back bench whispered. Yes. They knew: had never learned nor ever been innocent. All. With envy he watched their faces: Edith, Ethel, Gertie, Lily. Their likes: their breaths, too, sweetened with tea and jam, their bracelets tittering in the struggle. "Kingstown pier," Stephen said. "Yes, a disappointed bridge." The words troubled their gaze. "How, sir?" Comyn asked. "A bridge is across a river." For Haines's chapbook. No one here to hear. Tonight deftly amid wild drink and talk, to pierce the polished mail of his mind. What then? A jester at the court of his master, indulged and disesteemed, winning a clement master's praise. Why had they chosen all that part? Not wholly for the smooth caress. For them too history was a tale like any other too often heard, their land a pawnshop. Had Pyrrhus not fallen by a beldam's hand in Argos or Julius Caesar not been knifed to death. They are not to be thought away. Time has branded them and fettered they are lodged in the room of the infinite possibilities they have ousted. But can those have been possible seeing that they never were? Or was that only possible which came to pass? Weave, weaver of the wind. "Tell us a story, sir." "Oh, do, sir. A ghoststory." "Where do you begin in this?" Stephen asked, opening another book. "Weep no more,''' Comyn said. "Go on then, Talbot." "And the story, sir?" "After," Stephen said. "Go on, Talbot." A swarthy boy opened a book and propped it nimbly under the breastwork of his satchel. He recited jerks of verse with odd glances at the text. Weep no more, woeful shepherd, weep no more For Lycidas, your sorrow, is not dead, Sunk though he be beneath the watery floor. It must be a movement then, an actuality of the possible as possible. Aristotle's phrase formed itself within the gabbled verses and floated out into the studious silence of the library of Saint Genevieve where he had read, sheltered from the sin of Paris, night by night. By his elbow a delicate Siamese conned a handbook of strategy. Fed and feeding brains about me: and in my mind's darkness a sloth of the underworld, reluctant, shy of brightness, shifting her dragon scaly folds. Thought is the thought of thought. Tranquil brightness. The soul is in a manner all that is: the soul is the form of forms. Tranquillity sudden, vast, candescent: form of forms. Talbot repeated: Through the dear might of Him that walked the waves Through the dear might. "Turn over," Stephen said quietly. "I don't see anything." "What, sir?" Talbot asked simply, bending forward. His hand turned the page over. He leaned back and went on again, having just remembered of Him that walked the waves. Here also over these craven hearts his shadow lies, and on the scoffer's heart and lips and on mine. It lies upon their eager faces who offered him a coin of the tribute. To Caesar what is Caesar's, to God what is God's. A long look from dark eyes, a riddling sentence to be woven and woven on the church's looms. Ay. Riddle me, riddle me, randy ro. My father gave me seeds to sow. Talbot slid his closed book into his satchel. "Have I heard all?" Stephen asked. ##12 THE EGOIST Jan.- Feb. 1919 "Yes, sir. Hockey at ten, sir." "Half day, sir. Thursday." "Who can answer a riddle?" Stephen asked. They bundled their books away, pencils clacking, pages rustling. Crowding together they strapped and buckled their satchels, all gabbling gaily: "A riddle. Ask me, sir." "O, ask me, sir." "A hard one, sir." "This is the riddle," Stephen said: The cock crew, The sky was blue: The bells in heaven Were striking eleven. 'Tis time for this poor soul To go to heaven. "What is that?" "What, sir?" "Again, sir. We didn't hear." Their eyes grew bigger as the lines were repeated. After a silence Cochrane said: "What is it, sir? We give it up." Stephen, his throat itching, answered: "The fox burying his grandmother under a holly-bush." He stood up and gave a shout of nervous laughter to which their cries echoed dismay. A stick struck the door and a voice in the corridor called: "Hockey." They broke asunder, sidling out of their benches, leaping them. Quickly they were gone and from the lumber room came the rattle of sticks and clamour of their boots and tongues. Sargent who alone had lingered came forward slowly showing an open copybook. His thick hair and scraggy neck gave witness of unreadiness and through his misty glasses weak eyes looked up pleading. On his cheek, dull and bloodless, a soft stain of ink lay date-shaped, recent and damp as a snail's bed. He held out his copybook. The word Sums was written on the headline. Beneath were sloping figures and at the foot a crooked signature with blind loops and a blot. Cyril Sargent: his name and seal. "Mr Deasy told me to write them out all again," he said, "and show them to you, sir." Stephen touched the edges of the book. Futility. "Do you understand how to do them now?" he asked. "Numbers eleven to fifteen," Sargent answered. "Mr Deasy said I was to copy them off the board, sir." "Can you do them yourself?" Stephen asked. " No, sir." Ugly and futile: lean neck and thick hair and a stain of ink, a snail's bed. Yet someone had loved him, borne him in her arms and in her heart. But for her the race of the world would have trampled him under foot, a squashed boneless snail. She had loved his weak watery blood drained from her own. Was that then real? The only true thing in life? She was no more: the trembling skeleton of a twig burnt in the fire, an odour of rosewood and wetted ashes. She had saved him from being trampled under foot and had gone, scarcely having been. A poor soul gone to heaven: and on a heath beneath winking stars a fox, red reek of rapine in his fur, with merciless bright eyes scraped in the earth, listened, scraped up the earth, listened, scraped and scraped. Sitting at his side Stephen solved out the problem. He proves by algebra that Shakespeare's ghost is Hamlet's grandfather. Sargent peered askance, through his slanted glasses. Hockeysticks rattled in the lumberroom: the hollow knock of a ball and calls from the field. Across the page the symbols moved in grave morrice in the mummery of their letters, wearing quaint caps of squares and cubes. Give hands, traverse, bow to partner: so: imps of fancy of the Moors. Gone too from the world, Averroes and Moses Maimonides, dark men in mien and movement, flashing in their mocking mirrors the obscure soul of the world, a darkness shining in brightness which brightness could not comprehend. "Do you understand now? Can you work the second for yourself?" "Yes sir." In long shaky strokes Sargent copied the data. Waiting always for a word of help his hand moved faithfully the unsteady symbols, a faint hue of shame flickering behind his dull skin. Amor mortis: subjective and objective genitive. With her weak blood and wheysour milk she fed him and hid from sight of others his swaddlingbands. Like him was I, these sloping shoulders, this gracelessness. My childhood bends beside me. Too far for me to lay a hand of comfort there, one or lightly. Mine is far and his secret as our eyes. Secrets, silent, stony, sit in the dark palaces of both our hearts; secrets weary of their tyranny: tyrants willing to be dethroned. The sum was done. "It is very simple," Stephen said as he stood up. "Yes, sir. Thanks," Sargent answered. He dried the page with a sheet of thin blotting paper and carried his copybook back to his desk. "You had better get your stick and go out to the others," Stephen said as he followed towards the door the boy's graceless form. "Yes, sir." In the corridor his name was heard, called from the playfield. "Sargent." "Run on," Stephen said. "Mr Deasy is calling you." He stood in the porch and watched the laggard hurry towards the scrappy field where sharp voices were in strife. They were sorted in teams and Mr Deasy came stepping over wisps of grass with gaitered feet. When he had reached the schoolhouse voices again contending called to him. He turned his angry white moustache. "What is it now?" he cried continually without listening. "Cochrane and Halliday are on the same side, sir, Stephen cried. "Will you wait in my study for a moment,' Mr Deasy said, "till I restore order here." And as he stepped fussily back across the field his old man's voice cried sternly: "What is the matter? What is it now?" Their sharp voices cried about him on all sides: their many forms closed round him, garish sunshine bleaching the honey of his illdyed head. Stale smoky air hung in the study with the smell of drab abraded leather of its chairs. As on the first day he bargained with me here. As it was in the beginning, is now. On the sideboard the tray of Stuart coins, base treasure of a bog: and ever shall be. And snug in their spooncase of purple plush, faded, the twelve apostles having preached to all the gentiles: world without end. A hasty step over the stone porch and in the corridor. Blowing out his rare moustache Mr Deasy halted at the table. "First, our little financial settlement," he said. He brought out of his coat a pocketbook bound by a rubber thong. It slapped open and he took from it two notes, one of joined halves, and laid them carefully on the table. "Two," he said, strapping and stowing his pocket-book away. And now his strongroom for the gold. Stephen's embarrassed hand moved over the shells heaped in the cold stone mortar: whelks and money cowries and leopard shells: and this, whorled as an emir's ##Jan.-Feb. 1919 THE EGOIST 13 turban, and this, the scallop of saint James. An old pilgrim's hoard, dead treasure, hollow shells. A sovereign fell, bright and new, on the soft pile of the tablecloth. "Three," Mr Deasy said, turning his little savings box about in his hand. "These are handy things to have. See. This is for sovereigns. This is for shillings, sixpences, halfcrowns. And here crowns. See." He shot from it two crowns and two shillings. "Three twelve," ne said. "I think you'll find that's right." "Thank you, sir," Stephen said, gathering the money together with shy haste and putting it all in a pocket of his trousers. His hand, free again, went back to the hollow shells, Symbols too of beauty and of power. A lump in my pocket. Symbols soiled by greed and misery. "Don't carry it like that," Mr Deasy said. "You'll pull it out somewhere and lose it. You just buy one of these machines. You'll find them very handy." Answer something. "Mine would be often empty," Stephen said. That same room and hour, the same wisdom: and I the same. Three times now. Three nooses round me here. Well, I can break them in this instant if I will. "Because you don't save," Mr Deasy said, pointing his finger. "You don't know yet what money is. Money is power, when you have lived as long as I have. I know, I know. If youth but knew. But what does Shakespeare say: Put money in thy purse" "Iago," Stephen murmured. He lifted his gaze from the idle shells to the old man's stare. "He knew what money was," Mr Deasy said. "He made money. A poet, yes, but an Englishman too. Do you know what is the pride of the English? Do you know what is the proudest word you will ever hear from an Englishman's mouth?" The seas' ruler. His seacold eyes looked on the empty bay; it seems history is to blame: on me and on my words, unhating. "That on his empire," Stephen said, "the sun never sets." "Ba!" Mr Deasy cried. "That's not English. A French Celt said that." He tapped his savingsbox against his thumbnail. "I will tell you," he said solemnly, "what is his proudest boast. I paid my way." " Good man, good man." "I paid my way. I never borrowed a shilling in my life. Can you feel that? I owe nothing. Can you? " Mulligan, nine pounds, three pairs of socks, ties. Curran, ten guineas. McCann, one guinea. Fred Ryan, two shillings. Temple, two lunches, Russell, one guinea, Cousins, ten shillings, Bob Reynolds, half a guinea, Köhler, three guineas, Mrs McKernan, five weeks' board. The lump I have is useless. "For the moment, no," Stephen answered. Mr Deasy stared sternly for some moments over the mantelbox. "I knew you couldn't," he said joyously. "But one day you must feel it. We are a generous people but we must also be just." "I fear those big words," Stephen said, "which make us so unhappy." Mr Deasy stared sternly for some moments over the mantelpiece at the shapely bulk of a man in tartan fillibegs: Albert Edward, Prince of Wales. "You think me an old fogey and an old tory," his thoughtful voice said. "I saw three generations since O'Connell's time. I remember the famine in '46. Do you know that the orange lodges agitated for repeal of the union twenty years before O'Connell did or before the prelates of your communion denounced him as a demagogue? You fenians forget some things." Stephen sketched a brief gesture. "I have rebel blood in me too," Mr Deasy said. "On the spindle side. I am descended from sir John Blackwood who voted against the union. We are all Irish, all kings' sons." "Alas," Stephen said. "Per vias rectas," Mr Deasy said firmly, " was lug motto. He voted against it: and put on his top-boots to ride to Dublin from the Ards of Down to do so." Lal-the-ral-the-ra: the rocky road to Dublin. A gruff squire on horseback with shiny topboots. Soft day, sir John. Soft day, your honour .... Day .... Day .... Two topboots jog jangling on to Dublin. Lal-the-ral-the-ra, lal-the-ral-the-raddy. "That reminds me," Mr Deasy said. "You can do me a favour, Mr Dedalus, with some of your literary friends. I have a letter here for the press. Sit down a moment. I have just to copy the end." He went to the desk near the window, pulled in his chair twice and read off some words from the sheet on the drum of his typewriter. "Sit down. Excuse me," he said over the shoulder, "the dictates of common sense. Just a moment." He peered from under his shaggy brows at the manusciipt by his elbow and, muttering, began to prod the stiff buttons of the keyboard slowly, sometimes blowing as he screwed up the drum to erase an error. Stephen seated himself noiselessly before the princely presence. Framed around the walls images of vanished horses stood in homage, their meek heads poised in air: lord Hastings' Repulse, the duke of Westminster's Shotover, the duke of Beaufort's Ceylon, prix de Paris, 1866. Elfin riders sat them, watchful of a sign. He saw their speeds and shouted with the shouts of vanished crowds. "Full stop," Mr Deasy bade his keys. " But prompt ventilation of this all important question . . . ." Where Cranly led me to get rich quick, hunting his winners among the mudsplashed brakes, amid the bawls of bookies and reek of the canteen, over the motley slush. Even money Fair Rebel. Ten to one the field. Dicers and thimbleriggers we hurried by, after the hoofs, the vying caps and jackets and past the meatfaced woman, a butcher's dame, nuzzling thirstily her clove of orange. Shouts rang shrill from the boys' playfield and a whirring whistle. Again: a goal. I am among them, among their battling bodies in a medley, the joust of life. You mean that knockkneed mother's darling who seems to be slightly crawsick? Jousts. Time shocked rebounds, shock by shock. Jousts, slush and uproar of battles, the frozen deathspew of the slain, a shout of spearspikes baited with men's bloodied guts. "Now then," Mr Deasy said rising. He came to the table, pinning together his sheets. Stephen stood up. "I have put the matter into a nutshell," Mr Deasy said. "It's about the foot and mouth disease. Just look through it. There can be no two opinions on the matter." May I trespass on your valuable space. That doctrine of laissez faire which so often in our history. Our cattle trade. The way of all our old industries. Liverpool ring which jockeyed the Galway harbour scheme. European conflagration. Grain supplies through the narrow waters of the channel. The pluterperfect imperturbability of the department of agriculture. Pardoned a classical allusion. Cassandra. By a woman who was no better than she should be. To come to the point at issue. "I don't mince words, do I" Mr Deasy asked as Stephen read on. Foot and mouth disease. Known as Koch's preparation. Serum and virus. Percentage of salted horses. Rinderpest. Emperor's horses at Mürzsteg, ##14 THE EGOIST Jan.— Feb. 1919 lower Austria. Veterinary surgeons. Mr Henry Blackwood Price. Courteous offer a fair trial. Dictates of common sense. All important question. In every sense of the word take the bull by the horns. Thanking you for the hospitality of your columns. "I want that to be printed and read," Mr Deasy said. "You will see at the next outbreak they will put an embargo on Irish cattle. And it can be cured. It is cured. My cousin, Blackwood Price, writes to me it is regularly treated and cured in Austria by cattle doctors there. They offer to come over here. I am trying to work up influence with the department. Now I'm going to try publicity. I am surrounded by difficulties, by . . . intrigues by . . . ." He raised his forefinger and beat the air oddly before his voice spoke. "Mark my words, Mr Dedalus," he said. "England is in the hands of the jews. In all the highest places: her finance, her press. And they are the signs of a nation's decay. Wherever they gather they eat up the nation's vital strength. I have seen it coming these years. As sure as we are standing here the jew merchants are already at their work of destruction. Old England is dying." He stepped swiftly off, his eyes coming to blue life as they passed a broad sunbeam. He faced about and back again. "Dying," he said, "if not dead by now." The harlot's cry from street to street Shall weave old England's windingsheet. His eyes open wide in vision stared sternly across the sunbeam in which he halted. "A merchant," Stephen said, "is one who buys cheap and sells dear, jew or gentile, is he not?" "They sinned against the light," Mr Deasy said gravely. "And you can see the darkness in their eyes. And that is why they are wanderers on the earth to this day." On the steps of the Paris stock exchange the gold-skinned men quoting prices on their gemmed fingers. Gabble of geese. They swarmed loud, uncouth, about the temple their heads thick plotting under maladroit silk hats. Not theirs: these clothes, this speech, these gestures. Their full slow eyes belied the words, the gestures eager and unoffending, but knew the rancours massed about them and knew their zeal was vain. Vain patience to heap and hoard. Time surely would scatter all. A hoard heaped by the roadside: plundered and passing on. Their eyes knew their years of wandering and, patient, knew the dishonours of their flesh. "Who has not?" Stephen said. "What do you mean?" Mr Deasy asked. He came forward a pace and stood by the table. His under jaw fell sideways open uncertainly. Is this old wisdom? He waits to hear from me. "History," Stephen said, "is a nightmare from which I am trying to awake." From the playfield the boys raised a shout. A whirring whistle: goal. "The ways of the Creator are not our ways," Mr Deasy said. "All history moves towards one geat goal, the manifestation of God." Stephen jerked his thumb towards the window, saying: "That is God." Hooray! Ay! Whrrwhee! "What?" Mr Deasy asked. "A shout in the street," Stephen answered, shrugging his shoulders. Mr Deasy looked down and held for a while the wings of his nose tweaked between his fingers. Looking up again he set them free. "I am happier than you are," he said. "We have committed many errors and many sins. A woman brought sin into the world. For a woman who was no better than she should be, Helen, the runaway wife of Menelaus, ten years the Greeks made war on Troy. A faithless wife first brought the strangers to our shore here, O'Bourke's wife, Prince of Breffni. A woman too brought Parnell low. Many errors, many failures but not the one sin. I am a straggler now at the end of my days. But I will fight for the right till the end." For Ulster will fight And Ulster will be right. Stephen raised the sheets in his hand. " Well, sir," he began. "I foresee," Mr Deasy said, "that you will not remain here verv long at this work. You were not born to-be a teacher, I think. Perhaps I am wrong. "A learner rather," Stephen said. And here what will you learn more? Mr Deasy shook his head. "Who knows?" he said. "To learn one must be humble. But life is the great teacher." Stephen rustled the sheets again. "As regards these," he began. " Yes," Mr Deasy said. " You have two copies there. If you can have them published at once." Telegraph. Irish Homestead. "I will try," Stephen said, "and let you know tomorrow. I know two editors slightly." "That will do," Mr Deasy said. "There is no time to lose to the Mr Field, M.P. There is a meeting of the cattle trade association today at the City Arms Hotel. I asked him to lay my letter before the meeting. You see if you can get it into your two papers. What are they?" "The Evening Telegraph . . . ." "That will do," Mr Deasy said. "There is no time to lose. Now I have to answer that letter from my cousin." "Good morning, sir," Stephen said putting the sheets in his pocket. " Thank you." "Not at all," Mr Deasy said as he searched the papers on his desk. "I like to break a lance with you, old as I am." "Good morning, sir," Stephen said again, bowing again to his bent back. He went out by the open porch and down the gravel path under the trees, hearing the cries of voices and crack of sticks from the playfield. The lions couchant on the pillars as he passed out through the gate; toothless terrors. Still I will help him in his fight. Mulligan will dub me a new name: the bullockbefriending bard. "Mr Dedalus!" Bunning after me. No more letters I hope. "Just one moment." Yes, sir," Stephen said, turning hard and swallowing his breath. "I just wanted to say," he said. "Ireland, they say, has the honour of being the only country which never persecuted the jews. Do you know that? No. And do you know why?" He frowned sternly on the bright air. "Why, sir?" Stephen asked, beginning to smile. "Because she never let them in," Mr Deasy said solemnly. A coughball of laughter leaped from his throat dragging after it a rattling chain of phlegm. He turned back quickly, coughing, laughing, his lifted arms waving to the air. "She never let them in," he cried again through his laughter as he stamped on gaitered feet over the gravel of the path. "That's why." On his wise shoulders through the checkerwork of leaves the sun flung spangles, dancing coins. Notice As announced in our last issue the price of The Egoist on account of heavily increased printing expenses is raised this year to ninepence. The new subscription rates appear on page 16. ##Jan.— Feb. 1919 THE EGOIST 15 TOWARDS A PEACE THEATRE By Huntly Carter II. THE ELEMENTS IN my last article I showed that an editor and some young enthusiasts had expressed the need, and were making proposals, for an early start at a new theatre. But it was clear that they were not concerned with anything new except the word itself. They were, in fact, bent on exhuming a form of talkable play which would be better left in its grave. Not that it will be left undisturbed. On the contrary there will be a full resumption of noise in the theatre as soon as the newly fledged discussionist playwrights are permitted by the censor to flap their wings and quack. This aside, I think the important thing expressed by the said enthusiasts is the expression itself. As far as I can see it indicates a very wide-felt desire for something more intelligent by way of a theatre than the present pestilential affair. There must be quite a number of thoughtful persons, who, at this tragic moment of the world's history, are glancing towards the crazy institution that sums up the theatrical ideal of England and announces to all comers the true inwardness of its spiritual affairs, and wondering whether there is anything on earth that may be trusted to destroy it. If they reflect they will see that there certainly is something, and that something is, oddly enough, the theatre itself. Reconstruct the theatre as a noble institution charged with the care of the drama in its highest and widest sense, and with the promotion of the public creative taste, and the present offensive form will disappear as a matter of course. The duty of the new structure should be to foster and stimulate creative expression by every possible means as the primary function of the English people, and to promote the exercise of creativeness in all departments of human thought and action. Thus it should be in a position to encourage and co-operate with organizations which exist, outside itself, for the promotion of its object, and to reprobate and destroy those that oppose it. But I will return to this question of expansion later. The first thing necessary is to unite everything of which this institution is composed, the building and all visible objects and agents of representation and interpretation, under one creative effect, so to speak. Full and proper expression is quite impossible when an effect, that is meant to be transmitted as a whole, is scattered through a score of distracting agencies in a score of different ways. The Master Builder of the new theatre and the Director of all its activities should be the one, single, and unified creative effect in which Drama effectively manifests itself. This would give us a Temple of Creative Effect. What, it may be asked, are the foundation-stones of this unified Temple of Creative Effect? Properly speaking there are three. These in order are Art, Science, and Economics. I use the term economics not in the Greek sense of housekeeping, but in that of security of essential requirements. The theatre I have in mind should exist to express eternal truths in such a way as to initiate us into their mysteries. Such a theatre cannot be actuated by a commercial motive; but as it is bound to belong, in part at least, to a material system resting on money, naturally it must secure a financial position, even though like the Church it be only endowed. But the lack of money, which is really the root of all theatrical evil, must not be permitted to interfere with the true impulses necessary to attain the desired end. To emerge as an institution dedicated to the creative spirit in mankind, and thus to the peace spirit—seeing that the two are really one—there must be unselfish, entire, and long-continued devotion to invention and experiment, inspired by an enthusiastic appreciation of the immense possibilities residing in a true definition of Drama in its relation to Art, Science, and Economics. So the first thing to be settled is what is Drama? If it is the seed of the new structure, once the origin and nature of the element to be attracted from the seed is settled, the rest is easy. The root, stem, leaves, flower, and fruit, that is, the theatre, will follow as a matter of course from the power or principle residing in the seed. There is no other method of attaining an intelligent form of theatre. To vary one of Coleridge's aphorisms, I might say there is small chance of dramatic expression at the goal where there is not a true conception of Drama at the starting-point. History can show us the continual failure that has accompanied attempts to reverse this order. The pre-war movement towards a new theatre reversed the order and was largely a failure. By overmuch attention to aestheticizing the theatre, the step in a wrong direction was taken. But the mischief did not stop there. In paying so much attention to the improvement of the quality of fittings and trimmings the Drama was overlooked altogether, and the theatre became a studio for the application of the new principles of painting. It might be thought that the literary and moral plays sought to preserve and strengthen the dramatic interest. There is no doubt that they did aim to keep plays largely in the early Greek tradition. Drama in this tradition was something that served to purify and elevate the moral character by means of pity and fear. This kind of philosophy of drama assumes that everybody is prepared by natural capacity and favourable conditions to be the recipient of these benefits. It also assumes that all playwrights are fitted by nature to transmit them. We scarcely need common sense to assure us that it is a false assumption. Certainly no one could witness some of the pre-war "purifying and elevating" plays without being defiled. No doubt the writers were strictly moral persons, but evidently they made only a slim inspection of their morality before passing it on. From these and other considerations the old definitions of Drama must be abandoned. If the theatre is to be rebuilt on a lasting dramatic foundation a new definition must be found and adopted. I will deal with this new definition in my next article. CORRESPONDENCE MIMODRAMA To the Editor of The Egoist Madam,—The following may interest your readers in the light of Mr. Huntly Carter's article, "Towards a Peace Theatre," in the last issue of The Egoist. He says his "chief objection to all these proposals is that they do not reveal a fundamental vision of Drama," etc. In addition to a projected theatre, Messrs. Macdermott, Ould, and Shipp proposed a new periodical dealing with the theatre, and asked me for an article on Mimodrama. This was then returned as unsuitable, in these terms: "We have sat in solemn conclave on your article . . . and as our purpose is to interest a somewhat earnest public whose 'pedestrianism' would be at disadvantage, in the rarer atmosphere where your fancy wings, regretfully we return your script. "Seriously [sic] we wished for words more explanatory of the distinctive characteristic of mimodrama. . . ." I need not point out to your readers that the article in question, which I append, bears all the traces of a ferocious sincerity. We have had enough tinkering.— Yours, etc. John Rodker MIMODRAMA IN A REFORMED THEATRE Mimodrama will, I hope, absorb all the energies of a reformed theatre. The psychologia of Shakespeare tends to become more and more literature as has that of AEschylus and Sophocles. Moderns from Ibsen to Brieux will probably annihilate each other in mutual repercussion as a bad child its parent. This is rather a pity, for Ibsen is worth preservation as literature, but— "by their works shall ye know them." The very worthy ##16 THE EGOIST Jan.—Feb. 1919 contemporary German attempts at architechtonic—dramaturgie —will also persist as literature, since the effects of dramatic masses in relation is one hardly amenable to the ear, an organ which appears to have a less, stable relation to the brain than the eye. Economy of presentation too through the eye, as in literature, is an important factor for the familiarization with certain kinds of play. Even lyrical saturation found in Antony and Cleopatra, The Seagull, Exiles, is diminished in value by theatrical presentation. Nevertheless the instinct to go to a theatre, a reading; to congregate where one can see and be been is very primitive and strong, so strong that the production hardly matters. For this reason audiences will put up with anything, however daring, provided of course that other managers will refrain from giving them what they want, The simplest way of reforming the theatre, therefore, is to dispose of existing managers. A play of ideas tends always to decline to the intelligence of the lowest member of the audience, but the variations in miming remain always stable, with comedy and tragedy ultimate points; with perhaps a bias in favour of tragedy since its comprehension is more simple. Great passion rarely finds expression in speech —action being its only relief; comedy has not the same emotional—therefore physical—explosion—no sudden liberation— speech (wit, intellectual incongruity) is its content. As effective as anything in Hamlet is the "Dumb Show." At the moment the theatre seems to me entirely supererogatory. I am amazed that intelligent people should bother about it. Revivals of Roman holidays—gladiatorial shows—occasional martyrdoms—bull-fights—would I think be more grateful to the public mind. (Modern substitution of emotional martyrdom is a disgusting refinement of cruelty.) But if blood offends there are always " Prince Igor " and the " Midnight Sun." John Rodker UNITED STATES POETRY To the Editor of The Egoist Madam,—With regard to the letters of Miss Harriet Monroe, the editress of Poetry, I wrote to her at the end of 1917 to ask her if she would like an appreciation of recent United States poetry. She wrote that she would, sent me twenty-five numbers of her magazine, ranging over three years, and in those numbers marked the typically United States poems. So much for the "uninvited and undesired" invasion. I read those marked poems, and taking three of them to which Poetry had awarded a prize in each of those three years, as typical of the typical, I dealt chiefly with them. I said, as politely as my outraged aesthetic sensibilities would allow, that they were punk; I quoted enough of them to demonstrate that they were punk; and punk they are. Neither Miss Harriet Monroe nor any of her Chicago supporters made any attempt whatever to counter a single one of my criticisms, to demonstrate that the punk I said was punk was not punk. They burst into a storm of irrelevant abuse of me. Miss Harriet Monroe's article in Poetry was just abuse of me. Mr. Austin Harrison told me that the article she sent to the English Review was just abuse of me. A Mr. Burton Roscoe's article in the Chicago Tribune was just abuse of me. That is merely silly. All they had to do was to demonstrate that such lines as: "Then Uncle Tom to Eva flew," "Lurching bravos from the ditches dank," "His hair was black as a sheep's wool that is black," "She knew you had the madness for Arabel," are poetry. Why didn't they do it? In the same article I wrote, quite fairly, that in Mr. T. S. Eliot the United States has a great poet. I quoted enough of his work, the whole of "La Figlia Che Piange"* among it, to demonstrate that he is the greatest master of emotion, intensity, and the beautiful music of words the United States has produced since Poe. Miss Monroe archly wrote that Mr. Eliot must have winked when he read it. Impayable! By the way, I did not write that Mr. Edgar Frost's "Snow" was a "maundering burble"; I wrote that it was "maundering dribble." It is. I am, your obedient servant, Edgar Jepson * From Prufrock and Other Poems, The Egoist, Is. 6d. net, TARR by p. wyndham lewis Price 6/- net; by post, 6/4 "A work of art of power and distinction."—Nation. "A book of great importance."—New Witness. "Advancedly modern."—Glasgow Herald "A blow struck for seriousness in art and life." Manchester Guardian. "Clever, distinguished even, extremely personal." English Review. "One of the most enlightened renderings of the German and his characteristics."—Outlook. THE EGOIST, LIMITED Peasant Pottery Shop 41 Devonshire Street, Theobald's Road, W.C. (Close to Southampton Row) Interesting British and Continental: Peasant Pottery on sale: Embroidered jerkins and dalmatics EDITORIAL Letters, etc., intended for the Editor of The Egoist should be addressed to 23 Adelphi Terrace House, Robert Street, London, W.C.2. TERMS OF SUBSCRIPTION. Twelve numbers, post free 10/-; U.S.A. $2.50 Six numbers. „ 5/-; „ $1.25 Three numbers, „ 2/6; ,, $0.65 Single copies 10d., post free to all countries. Cheques, postal and money orders, etc., should be payable to The Egoist, Limited, and crossed " Pair's Bank, Bloomsbury Branch." ADVERTISEMENT RATES. Per page £4. Quarter page £1 Is. Od. Per inch single column, 4s. a portrait of the artist as a young man By JAMES JOYCE (Second edition, 4s. 6d. net; by post, 4s. 9d.) Tarr By P. WYNDHAM LEWIS. (6s. net; by post, 6s. 4d.) prufrock By T. S. ELIOT (Is. 6d. net; by post, Is. 7* d.) DIALOGUES OF FONTENELLE Translated by EZRA POUND (ls.6d.net; by post, Is. 7i d.) Please send me____ ___________for which I enclose__ Name__ Address_________ Orders, accompanied by Remittance, should be sent to the publishers, THE EGOIST, Limited. Printed at The Complete Press, West Norwood, and published by the Proprietors, The Egoist, Limited, at 23 Adelphi Terrace House, 2 Robert Street, Adelphi, London, W.C.2##