The New Freewoman , made Published the 1st and 15th of each month. THE NEW Freewoman AN  INDIVIDUALIST REVIEW. No. 11.   Vol. I. SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 15th, 1913. Sixpence. Beauty and the Senses. Views and Comments. Sayings of K'ung the Master. By Allen Upward. On Interference with the Environment. By Steven T. Byington. The Divine Mystery. By Ezra Pound. Page 201 203 205 206 207 CONTENTS. Page Otakar Brezina.   Translated 208 by P. Selver. Serial Story— The Horses of Diomedes. 210 (Ch. 13.).)   The Lamb. (Ch. 14).   The Chestnut Trees. By Remy de Gourmont. The  Serious Artist.     By 213 Ezra Pound. The  Battle of the  Cubes. 214 By John Cournos. Editor: DORA MARSDEN, B.A. Page August Strindberg.   By C.H. 216 Lego et Penso.   By Benjamin 217 R. Tucker. A Fabian on Banking Reform. 218 By Henry Meulen. Correspondence. 219 BEAUTY AND THE SENSES. A CRITICISM of an editorial article under the heading of " Beauty and the Human Form,'' which appeared in the October 151h issue of The New Freewoman, challenges decisions on a number of aesthetic problems which we ourselves were sufficiently cautious (save in one particular) not to raise. Our relatively modest concern was to establish the point that the inquiry into the beautiful had to do with an inquiry into a definite class of sensations, and not into abstract notions and associated ideas; and that that part of the " beautiful " which was not a sensation was an affectation, or misnomer. A few additional observations may have been dragged in out of unbridled interest in the subject, but we do not gather upon what part of our remarks the writer would place responsibility for the opinion that "repose" or "calm" was a necessary ingredient and provoking cause of the sensation. We will not however take up space in debating the point; we are sufficiently interested to use the criticism as a peg for further inquiry from which our correspondent will gather our meaning and learn whether, with greater explicitncss, it can make terms with his objections; for in any judgment passed on the nature of sensation, direct appeal must be made to experience, and though even a widely different experience of another would not cancel our own, it might quite possibly cancel the claims of an attempted explanation. It would be a scheme much to our liking, sometime in the future, to issue a supplement containing the observations of observers whose experience is sufficiently defined to bear recounting. In any case the experiment should prove valuable. Should the versions prove too disparate to allow of' any sort of co-ordination, any general basis of agreement, it would at least show that the hypotheses were worthless; show' the necessity of overhauling the terms supposedly covering elementary data; of observing the phenomena afresh from the beginning, having banished all preconceived notions; whereas on the other hand should there issue a promise of agreement, of arriving at the general character and function of the experience, a work of incalculable value would have been set on foot. That however remains a proposal for the future. What we propose here is to advance an hypothesis : not an idea, nothing to do with the " essence " of the experience; merely a suggested explanation of the way in which its elementary characteristics are achieved; quite likely perhaps to prove wrong as right, but containing a few "pegs" of fact which, if not accommodated by this explanation will require to be accommodated in some other which later may be found. To formulate hypotheses, based on careful observation, and advance them for criticism without prejudices in favour of their ultimate accuracy, appears the chief means of bringing a little light into the consideration of vital phenomena. Indeed, unless philosophers (pretentious title) arc prepared to be proved in the wrong as well as in the right, to test their " guesses " in the open, vital truth will never progress beyond the closed systems of the individual cult-makers. As long as philosophers continue to be so destitute of emotional integrity as to be willing to set up a " system " on the limping leg of any unverified hypothesis; to make a cult of some windy idea, with creed ritual disciples and perpetuators all exclusive and complete, so long will culture, i.e., life-knowledge, remain the tenebrous thing it is. Before we can continue the inquiry with any profit it will be necessary to define three terms, the undefined use of which seems calculated to render the 202 THE  NEW FREEWOMAN November 15th, 1913. entire discussion nugatory; the terms body, soul, and sense. The critic to whom we have already referred complains that we " banish " the body, and asks if Blake were not wiser in maintaining that " a man has no body distinct from his soul; for that called body is a portion of the Soul." Whether we allow that Blake was wiser or no; whether we allow that his statement is or is not even roughly accurate, we do not alter the fact that if the body be a " portion " of the soul it is one of which the soul becomes extraordinarily negligent. Every man has a time in his life when he very drastically cuts his connection with this 11 portion " which he leaves lying like derelict property, abandoned luggage, fior any to dispose of. This neglect invokes a misprisal of the body which common sense is not slow to take note of. It recognises that one day the "Man" will repair to haunts upon an invitation which does not include the "body," and that this will, without ceremony, be left like a cast-off garment. We would rather say that the " body " was a screen of dead matter specially acted upon by a unit of living energy to serve as a buffer and a neutral zone between the latter and the world (i.e., all things not itself) outside. Dead matter does not become living matter when it is " used " by organised emotion. It is merely transmuted to make it more apt to the using. " Living matter" is " dead matter interpenetrated with organised emotion. A dead body is no more 11 dead " than a living body. The difference between the two is that the one is being used and preserved in a certain semblance suggesting organisation while the other is not. Dead, the organised life which encouraged the illusion that the body too was organised is gone and has left no address. The remnant left behind at death is all that there existed of "body" in life. Aggressively commonplace remarks which curates and other simple souls repeat every day, and neither Blake nor any other could say a word in contradiction. So much for the " body " dead matter even in life, from our point of view. The senses, in our way of using the term, are the thin streams of soul which filter through the screen of matter outward towards the external surface. They are the fringe of soul where feeling, i.e., life, runs thinnest, slender feelers, some too line to feel more than the dimmest awareness of the shiver of contact; and some broader and stronger. The effect, if not the purpose, of this difference in density and intensity which is indicated in the use of the two terms " soul ' and " sense " is to enable a life-unit to ingratiate itself into the phenomenal world with a minimum implication of emotion in experience. The organisation of the senses represents caution embodied in the structure of life. The senses have a two-fold action : explorative outward into phenomena; inhibitory inward, Checking off the main reservoirs of the emotional depths, all save the thin streams of feeling which connect them.   Scouts outwardly they are sentinels inward. The soul is the general name we would employ to indicate the deeper reaches of the emotional organism. It is the denser organised complex of all the feelings which the ego—soul and sense combined -has experienced. It is the full tide of emotion which beats upon the barrier of sense, and surges towards a fuller outlet and stronger experience. These definitions made, we may proceed to the inquiry   into   the   sensation  of the   " beautiful " : of    which    inquiry    we    may    distinguish three main    aspects;    the   quality    of    the sensation itself; the existencee of the capacity to experience the sensation; and the special nature (if any) of the external agents capable of producing it. The grievance which most of us have against our sensations is that they are too short to allow emotion to turn round in them.   Feeling is but rarely able to sense the quality of itself in the moment of experience. Consequently we are thrown back upon the secondhand knowledge of memory for confirmation; and memory is faulty because sensation, in addition to being brief, is feeble.   This briefness of realisation is the most baffling thing in life : it is that which lies at the root of all excesses and all attempted voluptuousness;  the  excess  is  the  outcome of a series of efforts to appease to a fuller satisfaction sensation     tantalisingly     incomplete. Repetition attempts to do what only duration could achieve ; its effect is to make even repetition impossible. The sensation of the beautiful  is the one case where realisation is long-drawn out.    It is voluptuousness in excelsis, unfretted by repetitions because satisfying in a single time-length.    It is pleasure caught on the wing : brought to a pause to be enjoyed. It is a moment in which realisation is fixed ; then grows; sublimates; then fades, and the flux of normal being moves on.    But the momentary stay in the flux has been enough to enable one to feel life living, and to hear its unborn sound. The explanation of what has happened appears to us to lie in the dual function of the sense-filaments and in the waiting energies of a soul developed to a fulness when increased play of its powers becomes a fierce necessity. The sensation of the beautiful is the successful overleaping of barriers of limitation laid on the soul by the inhibitory function of the sense. What appears to happen at any rate in regard to visual beauty, is the confusion of the sense under a species of hypnotic influence which the illusion of beauty exercises. 1 he sense-filament, perhaps by an instinctive feeling ot well-being— often mistaken as the syren fables go to show—-is put off its sentinel guard ; filched of its excluding characteristic, its inhibitory side rendered inoperative. As the common speech puts it, the senses are " spellbound " and the avenues of feeling are open For a fuller stream of emotion to pour through and eat into the experience. So we get the two elements of absolute beauty : the fascination and overpowering of the sense and the joy of exercising imprisoned emotion. By the mesmeric action of certain phenomena, the thin sense-filment, head, as it were, of the emotional procession, is placed under arrest while the rest of the " trail " grows into the moment. Hence—a seeming halting-place in life which never halts, a realisation of the soul-life without sensing the jag of the sense-bridle. The sense of unity which is part and parcel with the sensation of the beautiful is very easy to place. It is due to the calling into evidence of a part of the emotional life which is organised into an entity. Not in the sensation of beauty only but in that of love and any profoundly moving emotion, the same depths are stirred : but with these latter there is a violence of agitation which tends to blur the effects which is absent in beauty. It is a matter to which we shall refer later in discussing the suitability of applying to living forms the appellation of " beautiful." It is enough here to point out that the " beautiful " in " nature " steals on us unawares : we are caught up in the fascination before we have had the opportunity of expecting it. We are under the spell before we are aware, living into the moment with a desire which is of ourselves and for ourselves as much as is that which makes us eat food. Before passing to the difficult question as to what agencies produce the beautiful (difficult because of the limitations of individual experience) it would be well to remove from the discussion yet one other source of confusion, to wit, the confusion between beauty and art. Beauty is a sense : the latest arrival among the senses: rather the latest development of power in senses already existent, and for the artist, like every other sense, it has evidence to give, for which the artist creates the forms of expression. To alter the phrase, it creates and holds up a lit torch while the seeker casts about. So in their degree do all the senses : but beauty in a higher degree because its light is brighter and less fitful. Beyond this, art lias no concern with beauty. The business of art is to tell as much of the truth as it knows about life. Its marks are skill, power, insight, accuracy. It has nothing to do with prettiness, effectiveness, the " moonlight and point lace " pieces. Art is that rarest thing in the world : the steady dogged speaking of the truth concerning oneself. (To be Continued.) VIEWS AND COMMENTS. IT was Oscar Wilde who illuminated the arid regions of causes and propaganda with the observation that great movements come to an end with the birth of their founder. The remark came involuntarily to mind as we endeavoured to find the real basis of criticisms passed on The New Freewoman by a number of American friends who were strong enthusiasts of its predecessor. Elsewhere, in this issue, there appears a complaint from Mr. Benjamin R. Tucker, who is also an American, against the alternate pelting and scolding of " Americans " of which he thinks we have been guilty. In reply we make these notes on "Americans and Movements." First, let us tell of our contrition for speaking of " Americans " at all, implying that we mean a " people in the bulk," or a " national type," or some other equivalent spook, when all that our experience enables us to speak of is a limited number of persons whose letters bear an American postmark. We might shrink the category of our reference still further, and say that we referred to a number of individuals living in America, some of whom liked the old Freewoman and some who were cottoning on to the New. We specially referred to the first, and it is in connection with these that we would explain to Mr. Tucker the reason for the mixed affection and rue in the references of which he complains. Let us explain. The " emotional push " which landed The New Freewoman on its feet came from a tiny group of American women. (Not the financial backing, we must say. The interest for that, marvellous though it may seem, was forthcoming from English women, and within a week of the cessation of the earlier effort.) A mightily strong-doubt as to whether there existed in what was called the " Woman Movement " anything of value sufficient to make an effort to give it expression worth while, hung on the energies of those responsible for it, and it was in this doubting frame of mind that the "American" enthusiasm had its effect: with the result that this new journal came into being earlier than it otherwise would, and with the same differentiation as to gender in its title as the earlier paper. Let us be quite clear. We recognise that there are forces of understanding at work among men and women indiscriminately, of which the effects are to make more evident the relative standards of importance among things, and activities,   and that for men as for women this increasingly clear consciousness is leading to the realisation that the personal value, the egoistic unit is that which must be supreme. The individual soul's development is the supreme concern of its possessor. What helps to make this fact clearer is sympathetic to the trend towards consciousness: it is of it; what blurs it, even though the blurring is done in the " cause " of " assisting '' it, is blind to it. The "Woman Movement " is engaged precisely in the blurring purpose. Before the "birth" of the "leaders," before the trumpets, .banners and catchwords, a phenominal advance was quietly being made: It was " actual " in individual women. Then arose " leaders " who reduced it to a "cause," a fixed idea, stationaryness and consequent stagnation. The streams of living energy and understanding spreading in every direction, each the expression of the individual's instinctive development, they called " running to waste." They proposed at once to dam it up : make a cause of it : the individual must give her energy to the cause. Propaganda started to teach women what they owed to the "Cause": the "duty" of draining their stream of energy into the dam : to "concentrate" on the idea: to sink individual differences; to do just those things indeed which makes the intelligent stupid. The blight of the " leader " has brought the " movement " to a standstill. The "Women's Movement" is the "Women's Halt " ; with the failure to move forward, the energy that was in the impulse forward, makes them spin like spinning-tops about the pivot of the idea. Inat is why they are so crazed. It is the craziness of all cranks : the stationary idea'd. It is curious how the leaders have adopted terms of description in complete contradiction to the facts : "The Movement goes forward," "The Cause marches forward." It is an illusion they are required to foster to retain their followers, who must be made to feel that something is moving, even though they arc stationary. It is as though the " leaders" should stand in the middle of a wide road and fix a ladder perpendicularly, and then inform passers-by that the only " righit " way is Up One Side the ladder and down the Other; and that this continued endlessly is "progress." 204 THE   NEW   FREEWOMAN November 15th, 1913. We must return to our disappointed American friends. The cause of their disappointment lies in their former mistaken belief that they had found another " leader," with an even more interestingly shaped " ladder " than many others. That would not be their way of putting it : they have more self-respect and a stronger sense of humour than the female cis-atlantic genuflectors; but it comes to the same thing. They imagined that The New Freewoman was " to stand for something." Whereas it stands for nothing: it is the flexible frame waiting to be filled with the expression of the constantly shifting tale of the contributors' emotions. It has no " Cause." All that we require of it is that it remain flexible and appear with a different air each issue. Should an influence came in to make it rigid, as happens in all other papers, it would drop from our hands immediately. With an expression so mobile that what was said yesterday flows under the check of what we feel to-day, it behoves us to pick phrases even gingerly. There is no urge so compelling towards consistency of expression as the refusal to recognise any claims to hold consistently to any past expression. It is the " protected " consistency which plays hovoc with consistency. Hence the " quibbling with terms " and the absence of those old "clear notes, ringing-like blows from Thor's hammer," which one of our " Americans," greatly faithful to The New Freewoman, in spite of its defects, so sadly misses. "Thor's hammer" is a very satisfying weapon to use when one is whacking about among words, and ideas, and other bodiless things which don't matter; but it is better to regard it as a curio when dealing with living things : especially bare human emotions. The point of a fine pen is often too blunt for the purpose, we find. Nevertheless, we imagined that occasionally we succeeded in tolerable measure. For we love the clear light : and love not the mysterious; upon occasion we have given evidence of candour frank to the degree of primitive. Thus another American friend who sends the following comment will believe that we are not " post anything " by intention. The obscurity which she expresses shows how achievement falls short of that lucidity for which we have a passion.   She writes : " Apparently my simple Middle Western intelligence is inadequate to grasp the import of a paper so post-everything as The New Freewoman. I have a dizzy sense of being at sea in a high gale with nothing but a cockle-shell between me and the briny deep. In reading it, I am oppressed with a truly awful conviction of crudity and ignorance; and I long unutterably for some tiny spot of the solid ground of knowledge and experience on which to stand while I size up the stuff. I want to keep on with it for no other reason than that I want to get over this hideous sense of intellectual insecurity." " A paper so post-everything as The New Freewoman comes near enough to Mr. Tucker's phrase about our " wild onslaught on all ideas "—" pure nonsense, unanswerable because intangible," to enable us to treat the two together. But first let us make a direct statement which we hope will remove some misapprehension on Mr. Tucker's part. Mr. Tucker is quite wrong in stating that in one issue we under-rate Americans and in the next over-rate them. We made an identical assessment on both occasions. In the first issue the argument turned upon the varying attitudes towards ideas of different national types—a none-too-happy setting for a quite excellent argument, since types are spookish, and comparisons of " nations " of men are more or less worthless. Still we made it, and this is the manner in which it ran : For the English, their ruling idea is co-extensive with their person; built into their structure, and consequently undetachable and always dominant.   A very sad case. The Americans are attacked by the rash less virulently; they manage to detach themselves from their ideas, so that occasionally they escape the influence of their shadow : catching a glimpse now and again of the world beyond; but their ideas are allowed to grow big :  the principle of their expansion being similar to that of gases, inversely as the pressure, and Americans became very solemn and earnest in their service.   This is a common characteristic of youth; it is the children who most fear the bogeys. The French also were able to detach themselves from their ideas which they  produce  in very maniable dimensions :   and   treat   utterly   sans ceremonie. Fourthly, as to our own position, it being the only perfect one, we doubtless considered it more delicate to allow it to be judged by inference: we have moreover stated it sufficiently often on other occasions. However, we here restate it: the use of ideas should be strongly discouraged (except perhaps for mental gymnastics).   In thinking, they have no true place. Their use corresponds to that of incantations in science.   They are made up of misty thought-waste, confusions too entangled to be disentangled ; bound together and made to look tidy by attaching an appellation-label, i.e., a sign.   It is the tidiness of the sign which misleads.    It is like a marmalade-label carefully attached to an empty jar. Remove the label, and confusion vanishes : we see the empty jar, the bit of printed paper, and know there is no marmalade.   And so with abstract terms and ideas. Consider liberty—we have already considered it. A name, and a confused description of certain activities and nothing more : no objective liberty.   We have moreover distinguished between an idea on the one hand and hypotheses and opinion on the other. W;e make the distinction again.    An hypothesis is an attempted explanation of facts : in the very aot of proffering itself it requests its own annihilation : by proof to wit; an hypothesis is the half-way house of the thinking-process,   the   ultimate  destination of which is knowledge of the concrete.      Opinion is hypothesis with a dash of prejudice thrown in : it is an hypothesis behaving like a tiresome child. But an idea!   An idea is a privileged assertion.   It is seated high on a pedestal above question and offering no explanation.   The only concern is to learn the   most   fitting   form   of   rendering  such idols allegiance—justice,   law,   right,   liberty, equality, and the rest; each matched with a spouse, its negative.   It is part of our work to shatter the pedestals : since idols dwindle to nothing, as soon as they touch common earth.     If the process gives a sense of intellectual  insecurity it merely shows  upon what illusions the seeming security was based. We frankly do not understand why Mr. Tucker, an egoist, and Stirner's English publisher, does not see the necessity of clearing current language of padding as a preliminary of egoistic investigation. It is a task which pioneers in a new branch of science are always faced with. Stirner himself worked like a navvy at the job. As for Proudhan, we are entirely beyond the reach of the verdicts of opinion among " those who know," and are not moved by the fact that Proudhan was at the " zenith of his power " when he wrote " L'dee generale de la revolution au XIXe siecle." It should please Mr. Tucker, who has published most of Proudhan's works, to know that we have at least read that work from which he extracted the quotation in question, and that its quality appears to us to be exactly on a level with the workings of a November 15th, 1913.  THE   NEW FREEWOMAN  205 private telephone, lucid and clear for respectable intervals, then a buzz which churns into one's head for quite long spells until one is Tempted to put up the receiver—or close the book. Then it breaks out again astonishingly clear. When he is looking at things as they exist he is a Strang searchlight; when he is trying to woo his readers to his solutions, he uses methods of cajolery which are positively repellant, and make style a thing not to be mentioned. Consider for instance the entire preface " A la bourgeosie " : Mr. Lloyd George addressing a Baptist Conference would be capable of it: or Mr. Will Crooks working on the emotions of a gathering of the I.L.P. Compare Stirner on the same subject ! Yet writing exactly in the middle of the last century when the theory of representative government was midway in its course, how completely he saw through and portrayed the whole sham, more clearly than almost any one in England to-day with the thing lying a hopeless wreck before our eyes. So, apparently, can even great spirits be seduced by the propaganda-fever under the influence of which they will Jay about them with " Thor's hammer," even though they must cease to speak truthfully under the delirium. Sayings of K'ung the Master. Selected, with an introduction, by Allen Upward. II. THE MASTER ACCORDING TO OTHERS. THE warder of the marches of E requested to be introduced to the Master. When he came out from the interview, he said to the disciples,— " My friends, why are you distressed by your Master's loss of office? The empire has long been without right principles : Heaven is going to use your Master as a bell with its wooden tongue." • • • • There were four things which the Master taught,— letters, behaviour, firmness of mind, and truthfulness. • • • • The subjects on which the Master did not talk were, —marvels, feats of strength, treasons, and spirits. • • • • Ke Lu asked about serving the spirits. The Master said,—" While you are not able to serve men, how can you serve spirits?" Ke Lu said,—" I venture to ask about death." He was answered, " While you do not know life, how can vou know about death?" • • • • The Master angled, but did not use a net. He shot, but not at birds sitting. • • • • The Master was mild, and yet dignified ; majestic, and yet not fierce; respectful, and yet easy. • • • • The subjects of which the Master seldom spoke were,—profitableness, the appointments of Heaven, and perfect virtue. • • • • A man of the village of Ta-hiang said,—11 Great indeed is this philosopher K'ung !   His learning is extensive, and yet he does not render his name famous by anything !" The Master heard the observation, and said to his disciples,—" What shall I take up? Shall I take up charioteering, or shall I take up archery?   I will take up charioteering!" • • • • There were four things from which the Master was entirely free. He had no foregone conclusions, no arbitrary decisions, no obstinacy, and no egoism. • • • • When Yen Yuen died, the Master bewailed him exceedingly, and the disciples who were with him said,—" Sir, your grief is excessive." " Is it excessive?" he said. 'If I am not to mourn for this man, for whom should I mourn?" • • • • The Master, standing by a stream, said,—" It passes on just like this, not ceasing day or night." III. THE MASTER AND HIS DISCIPLES. TSZE-LOO asked whether he should immediately carry into practice what he heard. The Master said,—" There are your father and elder brothers to be consulted ;—why should you act on that principle of immediately carrying into practice what you hear?" Yen Yew asked the same, whether he should immediately carry into practice what he heard; and the Master answered,—" Immediately carry into practice what you hear." Kung-se-Hwa said,—" Yew asked whether he should carry immediately into practice what he heard, and you said,—' There are your father and elder brothers to be consulted.' K'ew asked whether he should immediately carry into practice what he heard, and you said,—' Carry it immediately into practice.' I am perplexed, and venture to ask you for an explanation." The Master said,—"K'ew is retiring and slow; therefore I urged him forward. Yew has more than his own share of energy; therefore I kept him back." • • • • The Master said,—" Hwuy gives me no help. There is nothing that I say in which he does not delight." • • • • The Master said,—" Yew, have you heard the six words to which are attached six becloudings?" Yew replied, " I have not." " Sit down and I will tell them to you. There is the love of being benevolent without the love of learning,—the beclouding here leads to a foolish simplicity. There is the love of knowing without the love of learning,—the beclouding here leads to dissipation of mind. There is the love of being sincere without the love of learning,— the beclouding here leads to an injurious disregard for consequences. There is the love of straightforwardness without the love of learning,—the beclouding here leads to rudeness. There is the love of boldness without the love of learning,—the beclouding here leads to insubordination. There is the love of firmness without the love of learning,— the beclouding here leads to extravagant conduct." • • • • The Master said,—" I would prefer not speaking." Tsze-kung said,—" If you, Master, do not speak, what shall we, your disciples, have to record?" The Master said,—" Does Heaven speak? The four seasons pursue their courses, and all things are produced; but does Heaven say anything?" 206 THE   NEW FREEWOMAN November 15th, 1913. IV. THE SUPERIOR MAN. THE mind of the superior man is conversant with righteousness; the mind of the mean man is conversant with gain. • • • • The superior man wishes to be slow in his words and earnest in his conduct. • • • • The superior man is satisfied and composed; the mean man is always filled with distress. • • • • Sze-ma New asked about the superior man. The Master said,—" The superior man has neither anxiety nor fear." " Being without anxiety or fear !" said he. " Does this constitute the superior man?" The Master said,—" When self-examination discloses nothing wrong, what is there to be anxious about; what is there to fear?" • • • • Without recognising the appointments of Heaven, it is impossible to be a superior man. • • • • Without an acquaintance with the rules of propriety, it is impossible for the character to be established. • • • • Without knowing words, it is impossible to know men. V. PERFECT VIRTUE. YEN YUEN asked about perfect virtue. The Master said,—" To subdue oneself, and return to propriety, is perfect virtue. If a man can for one day subdue himself and return to propriety, all under heaven will ascribe perfect virtue to him. Is the practice of perfect virtue from a man himself, or is it from others?" Yen Yuen said,—" I beg to ask the steps of that process." The Master replied,—" Look not at what is contrary to propriety; listen not to what is contrary to propriety; speak not what is contrary to propriety; make no movement which is contrary to propriety." • • • • Chung-kung asked about perfect virtue. The Master said,—" It is, when you go abroad, to behave to everyone as if you were receiving a great guest; to employ the people as if you were assisting at a great sacrifice; not to do to others as you would not wish done to yourself; to have no murmuring against you in the country, and none in the family." • • • • Sze-ma New asked about perfect virtue. The Master said,—" The man of perfect virtue is cautious and slow in his speech." "Cautious and slow in his speech!" said New. " Is this what is meant by perfect virtue?" The Master said,—" W7hen a man feels the difficulty of doing, can he be other than cautious and slow in speaking?" {To be continued.) On Interference with the Environment. V.—MAINLY ON OFFENSES TO THE EYE. UNDER the head of pure water, it appears to me \J that bathing in a river or lake, if it is not receiving such special care as belongs to a water-supply reservoir, cannot be reckoned as a pollution, because an open river cannot be supposed to be in such a state of purity as bathing would impair. One does, indeed, hear of the pollution of the Ganges water by the bathing at Benares; but, until I see the testimony of a competent specialist observer, I am inclined to doubt whether—even if the running of sewage into the river had first been stopped—the abolition of this bathing would make the Ganges below Benares a perceptibly better river to live by. Of course what I said earlier about the isolation of persons carrying known disease-germs applies to the bathing of such persons. As to offenses to the sense of hearing, we must not regard as invasive any noises which, by their use as public warnings, are practically necessary for the protection of life and property. Of the points that I had intended to speak of, I think there remains only that of offenses to the sense of sight. Doubtless some other things may seem to others to require special attention. For instance, if I were a tobacco-smoker I might find difficulty in my assertion that the creation of an offensive smell in a public place is an assault on those who happen to dislike the smell. Not being a smoker nor any friend of the weed, I find myself incompetent to present the argument on that side with sufficient appreciation to develop the force which it may doubtless possess; I must therefore leave it to smokers to make their own argument in favour of stenches, and I will read that argument with as much open-mindedness as I am able to bring to it. As to sight, we are continually hearing of the crime committed by those who offend sight in this or that way, and of proposed legislation to stop such offenses. A little patience with some of these crimes may be recommended. A few years ago we heard much of the atrocious artistic crime of spoiling the sky-line of New York by sky-scraper buildings. To-day, after the public has taken a very short time to change its mind, we always hear that this square-toothed sky-line is New York's greatest artistic merit. I take credit to myself for having thought that skyline a good thing while the opinion voiced by critics was most loudly condemnatory. At present there is a movement for the restriction of further skyscraper building on the ground that the supply has got ahead of the demand and that they cut off their neighbours' light. But if this movement is successful—as it well may be, since it has behind it the money of those who already own buildings and feel that they have too much competition—it will not mean that critical opinion is on the side of those who once wanted to suppress them for beauty's sake. At the present moment a large section of the public is saying that if any offense to the bodily senses constitutes an assault it is the exhibition of advertisements. We have for some time had a vigorous campaign against open-air advertising. Advertisers seem more inclined to satisfy the clamour by gradually improving the artistic quality of the customary advertisement than by giving up the practice. I think they have the right solution. I agree with H. G. Wells that it is no calamity at all to have urban walls variegated by these " splashes of colour"; and even as to suburban scenery, I prefer to make the best of the blossoming of these remarkable flowers rather than to undertake their extermination.   Flowers, it must be remembered, are the advertising of Nature; all their colouring is for this purpose exclusively.   Give the new species time to evolve, breed it intelligently with a view to its improvement, and, considering the progress it has already made, I do not see why we should not have a real adornment in the end.   It is partly a matter of what you have made up your mind to dislike. To me a wayside stone painted with "A's Liver Pills " or " B's Tobacco " or " C's 27 Stores " is the same as if it bore any other yellow-and-black lichens, and does not suggest the liver or tobacco or stores at all; I disregard these over-familiar words as a thing that does not concern me.   If I fail to take the same attitude toward whisky signs, which generally stir me to some hostility, it may be partly because I have devoted less time and energy to opposing patent medicines and tobacco than to opposing whisky, but I think it is mainly because I was born and bred in a prohibition State where whisky dared not show its head, so that I did not in childhood acquire this happy indifference to signs of that sort.   Do not mistake me as thinking that the advertisement-flower should flourish without restraint; I know it is a weed that needs to be kept in check; but I do not think we need to go and hoe it up on the land of a man who chooses to cultivate it. There remains a single point, doubtless the most difficult of all if we are seriously trying to formulate a scheme of social order that could be made to work amongst men now living. It relates to the offense of obscenity—or alleged obscenity, for part of the difficulty is that we are not near to having unanimity on the question of what constitutes obscenity. I think its difficulty deserves to have a chapter to itself. Steven T. Byington. The Divine Mystery" " I was sitting like Abraham in my tent door in the heat of the day, outside a Pagan city of Africa, when the lord of the thunder appeared before me, going on his way into the town to call down thunder from heaven upon it. " He had on his wizard's robe, hung round with magical shells that rattled as he moved; and there walked behind him a young man carrying a lute. I gave the musician a piece of silver, and he danced before me the dance that draws down the thunder. After which he went his way into the town ; and the people were gathered together in the courtyard of the king's house; and he danced before them all. Then it thundered for the first time in many days; and the king gave the thunder-maker a black goat— the immemorial reward of the performing god. " So begins the history of the Divine Man, and such is his rude nativity. The secret of genius is sensitiveness. The Genius of the Thunder who revealed himself to me could not call the thunder, but he could be called by it. He was more quick than other men to feel the changes of the atmosphere; perhaps he had rendered his nervous system more sensitive still by fasting or mental abstraction; and he had learned to read his own symptoms as we read a barometer. So, when he felt the storm gathering round his head, he put on his symbolical vestment, and marched forth to be its Word, the archetype of all Heroes in all Mvsteries." So begins the most fascinating book on folk-lore that I have ever opened. I can scarcely call it a book on " folk-lore," it is a consummation. It is a history of the development of human intelligence. It is not a mass of theories, it is this history told in a series of vivid and precise illustrations, like the The Divine Mystery.    By Allen Upward. (Garden City Press. 10/6.) one I have chosen for quotation. It is not a philosophy, yet it manages to be an almost complete expression of philosophy. Mr. Upward has been "resident" in Nigeria; he has had much at first hand, and in all his interpretation of documents he has never for an instant forgotten that documents are but the shadow of the fact. He has never forgotten the very real man inside the event or the history. It is this which distinguishes him from all the encyclopaedists who have written endlessly upon corn gods, etc. Moreover, he thinks. He thinks, il pense. He is intelligent. Good God ! is it not a marvel that in the age of Cadbury and Northcliffe, and the " Atlantic Monthly " and the present " English Review," etc., etc., ad nauseam, is it not an overwhelming wonder that a thinking sentient being should still inhabit this planet and be allowed to publish a book ! ! Very well then. Mr. Upward is intelligent. He is cognizant of the forces of intelligence and has traced, in some measure, their influence. He has traced the growth of religion and superstition from the primitive type of the thunder-maker to the idea of the messiah. Fie has traced many of the detestable customs of modern life to their roots in superstition. The first half of the book is planned, if it can be called so, on the slow recognition of the sun. That is to say, primitive man turns from his worship of the dead, and of the earth and of various fears, to a worship of the life-giving Helios. The solar missionary says it is unnecessary to bury a man in the cornfield in order that crops shall rise by virtue of his spirit. The Aten disc is explained. The " Dies Irae " turns out to be a relic of fire worship. The " Divine Mystery " necessitates a new translation of the bible. And if the ecclesiastical mind were not ossified beyond all hope of revivification we should see the introductory notes above the chapters abandoned in favour of something related to truth. Mr. Upward has left the charming pastoral figure of Jesus in a more acceptable light than have the advocates of " That religion which the Nazarene has been accused of having founded." He has derived the word God from the word Goat, which will be a satisfaction to many. He has related prophesy to astrology, and has shown the new eras to be related to the ascent of the successive signs of the zodiac in which the sun appears, changing his mansion about once in each eight centuries. The book itself is a summary, a leisured summary, that does not cut corners, or leave one with insufficient information. Still it contains so much and so much of vivid interest that it is very nearly impossible to review it. It is a book full of suggestion for half a dozen sorts of specialist, at the same time it is legible and so clearly written that one has no need of specialized knowledge to read it. I, personally, find in it clues and suggestions for the Provencal love customs of the Middle Ages—in the chapter on early marriage laws. Modern marriage is, apparently, derived from the laws of slave concubinage, not from the more honourable forms of primitive European marriage. So much for the upholders of "Sacrament." It is great satisfaction to find a nice, logical book, where all the canting fools who have plagued one are—no, not " abused," but where an author, writing in a gentle and reasonable tone, presenting simple fact after simple fact, undermines their position, and shows them naked in all their detestability, in all their unutterable silliness. The lovely belief in a durable hot hell dates back to the Parsee who squatted over a naptha volrano. And various other stupidities still prevalent are shown to be as little inspired by either divine or human intelligence    It is a great book for liberations. Someday, when the circulationists are neatly forgotten, people will take note of Mr. Upward's work in fundamentals. His " The New Word " will be recognised, instead of being ranted about by a few enthusiasts. He is wholly careless of certain matters; he is apparently quite willing that his work should be immortal in general belief, instead of being " preserved " in specific works. This author is a focus, that is to say he has a sense of major relations. The enlightenments of our era have come to him. He has seen how the things " put together." It is pleasing to know that the ordinary native's hunt in Africa sets out with an ark of the covenant every whit as sacred as the junk box which the Israelites carried before them. Especially if one has been " reared in the Christian faith " and been forced to eat at the same table with ministers and members of the Y.M.C.A., it is pleasant to know for certain just what part of their conversation is pure buncomb. I do not wish to lead anyone into the belief that this is an impious book. I believe Allen Upward to be one of the devoutest men of the age. He insists that the real God is neither a cad nor an imbecile, and that is, to my mind, a fairly good ground for religion. " All that has been was right, and will be wrong." He shows that even the crusades of the earlier and now detestable religions came in their own time as liberations. It is a very difficult work to review. How Mr. Upward has managed to tell so many interesting facts in three hundred pages, is somewhat beyond me. It is, I must repeat, a clarifying book, it is not a set of facts very rigorously chosen in proportion to their interest. The idea of the goddess, the mother goddess, is analyzed; queenship and kingship and the priesthood are treated. Mr. Upward is not only perspicacious, but his mind is balanced by nature and by a knowledge of the Chinese classics. He is nowhere content with a sham. Speaking in moderation, I suppose one might call " The Divine Mystery " a book indispensable to clergymen, legislators, students of folk-lore, and the more intelligent public. I do not write this as a specialist; but judging by those points where Mr. Upward's specialite coincides with my own, I should say that he was led a scholarship not only wide but precise. He shows remarkable powers of synthesis. However correct or incorrect I may be in my estimate, of this at least I am certain : no sane man will be bored during the hours he gives to the reading of this book. Ezra Pound. Otakar Brezina. (Translated by P. Selver.) THE name of Otakar Brezina (which, by the way, is the pseudonym of Vaclav Jebavy) has not yet reached the ordinary works of reference. This offers some excuse for the tabulation of a few bare facts concerning the man. Brezina was born in Southern Bohemia 45 years ago, and lives at present in a small town of Moravia, where he is a schoolteacher. Nothing more definite than this appears to be known generally about his external life; but his poems supply evidence enough to show what manner of man he is. From 1895 onwards he has issued the following volumes of poetry :—" The Mystic Distances," then, "The Dawn in the West" (1896), "The Polar Winds " (1897), 11 The Temple Builders " (1899), and "The   Hands"   (1901).     "The   Music   of the Springs," his one collection of prose essays, appeared in 1903. This year a definitive edition of his complete works was published in a single volume— an event which seems to imply that Brezina has now •had his say. It is a real delight to trace Brezina's spiritual progress from 1895 to 1901. The mere titles are full of hidden and unexpected meanings. Of course, it would be affectation to deny that Brezina is a difficult poet. But I, for one, refuse to designate him as obscure. His difficulties arise rather from the excess of light in his poems, with their wealth of dazzling images. But read on, and read again, and your eyes will grow accustomed to the splendour. I suppose I must say a word or two about the translations. If they serve their purpose of revealing something of Brezina's world, they have done good service. More I cannot claim for them. With all the revising and polishing in the world (and they have had enough of it, Heaven knows), nothing can reproduce the taciturn dignity of Brezina's highly-inflected Czech, in a language where prepositions and pronouns are worn threadbare. P. Selver. PLACES OF HARMONY AND SOLACE. Mute and bewildered we rove thro' the halls of illusion in thy palace; Ever more mysterious grows the world before our gaze : Ever   more  joyful   grows   our   grief,   ever more sorrowful grows our laughter, Ever more riddling the responses of thy tokens. The radiant wisdom of the sun, the advent of nights and mornings, The meeting of heaven and earth, the prophecy of death and the stars, The   melancholy  fatigues  of   summer, the tender rejoicings in autumn, And the dazzling sight of immortality in the gaze of a lover. And at the end we approach the crystal halls of thy stillnesses, (Happy is he who has entered them, happier he who finds not return from them.) And the whole secret of the grievous and majestical world Quivers before us in the light of thy familiar smile. At our every step and greeting, a cry and breath of amazement Resounds there thro' the azure passages like the music of echoes reaching into the infinite; And by magic reflection, our most hidden thoughts Are visible there to all, like the star-clusters of the purest night. There our hearts blossom like spring, a nest for all thy song-birds, The blue lustre of songs and kisses is above the 'heads of toilers, And in a radiance, as if the suns of all firmaments were welded into one We behold the annals of our souls in the enchanted mirror of countless mortals. Thou goest before us to the steps of the worlds, like a mystical Asperges* With a gesture that uplifts rainbow-gates above the ages, thou dost consecrate all : The grief of genius, the beauty of women, the blitheness of children, the kindling of bliss, The delicate sleep of flowers, and the devoted, unmurmuring humility of the beasts. * Roman Catholic ceremony of sprinkling. We cry " Hail " to lands and cities, the corn-cars and vines of all fields, He who has drunk from our hands, departs transfigured and wistful, And the meeting of brethren, even of the meanest, is glorious, we see, in thy smile. As the meeting of princes with unending, invisible retinue. And knowing no other griefs than the most secret of all forfeits,- — To fear thy nearness upon the threshold of thy inmost worlds— Humble conquerors, we follow thee to ihy gardens, And All the armies sent forth against us, surrender into our hands. —The Hands. ART. O mournful graveyard, where slumber the spirits of the Mighty, Where gleaming shadows, in a throng, wander age upon age to their tombs. The glow of mystical fires, like a polar radiance Flings its reflection to thy portals ! Like a sleep-walker I approach the garden of thy splendours, Whither night, like a gulf of black oceans, is shed Upon a field of perished blossoms, that, clad in bluish lustre Burns like livid phosphorus. Time 'has stretched as a drab woof upon 'the sorrow of thy silence, The quivering of mute words, the vapour of quenched passions; The sighings of a dead multitude rise oppressive from thy soil And fill thine atmosphere with decay. 0 Eternal, speak, durst I, unclean with the longing of my blood, Declaim to thee my quiet mass, where thy metal shrine is upraised Above a marble city, before a small altar, Under some vault aloof ? And drench in the wine of ecstasy the bread of life Upon the table of sacrifice, where, beneath the roses of my dreams, And beneath the glitter of missals, are hidden The hallowed reliquies of thy dead? Or. by the pressure of my weak hands, shall thy body, a grape-cluster, Yield its miraculous blood to a golden chalice, And with the lustre of angels wilt thou kindle my gaze, Whose birth-place is in the dusk? From the hecatombs of my days I cry to thee : Torture and burn, And in the penthouse of griefs whiten my countenance to snow-whiteness : I will burn my sorrow till it become a fragrant and grateful incense At a fire of rhythm in song to thee ! In white blossoms I will strew the foam of bliss, that love in its ferment flings, Upon the purple of carpets to thee, And the bliss of maidenly bodies, where fragrance slumbers, Moulded bosom-shaped in alabaster, I will thrust forth my soul in a glowing pillar to heaven, I will sink to rest in the coffin of my power, as in a metal sheath ; Till, clutched by the Mystery, like a smitten priest, I will kneel down before thy altars. The Mystic Distances. THE SILENT OCEAN. The voice of our nightingales sparkled in thy dusk. And buds Like music seethed before their unfolding. Beating of hearts, plashing of oars In the rigging rang thy morning breeze, and the earth moved around us, Mirrored in gold, like a coast of kingly splendour. But before us and above us, above the mystery of thy depths A silent ocean burned with its thousand tracks of invisible worlds; And ever gentler, like the murmur o'i waterfalls in the ears of the infirm, The grief of the  ever-lost   earth   flowed   in our meditations. We thought of its blossoms, covetously fragrant, Kindled in its hidden fire, like the drawing together of lips; Of every instant of love, resonant as a straying bee, When it strikes at the glass casements against icy skies; And of words bowing down in compassion; of the sacred blush of ecstasies, And of the soul's unsullied voice, when it casts an assuaging spell On the tempest of the blood; of the visions of prophets, wherein a myriad stars Seethe like dust raised by the wind beneath the wheels of thy triumphal chariot. Of the sun's smile of comfort amid the despair of days, When suddenly it glitters on earthly things like the gilding of secret inscriptions; Of the peaceful beckoning of the hostess of multitudes, when the fields of grain Elash from the horizon, like glittering loaves upon a jasper dish. Of the nights behind us, in whose dangerous muteness Strangers, we wandered, as in time-old forests with their mournful beauty, While the roaring of thy eternal flood-gates and the monotonous beat Of thy wheels in thy mills of enchantment sorrowed from afar. How silent are all these places become !   We row upon a mute ocean ; Nightingales fly in the distance before us; above us a voiceless height But as recompense for our eyes,  the farther we wander from earthly shores, The clearer do they behold its earliest sacred glory and marvel thereat. —The Hands. PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS, Id. per word, Minimum 1/-. "The Horses of Diomedes." By Remy de Gourmont. (Translated by C. Sartor is,) XIII.— THE LAMB. And its name is Lamb. IN the morning,  Diomedes had just risen, and someone rang; the little bronze bell with its soft, pure tinkling, shivered, distraught; and at the same time,  the door groaned  under repeated knockings. It was Cyran, always announced in this violent and tyrannical manner. A lamb bleated in his arms. — It is my lamb for John the Baptist. It was brought to me from the country, two or three days ago, but dirty, its wool all knotted and smelling of the sheep-pen. It is a small male; I had it washed like a dog, by the man with a recruiter's cap on the river bank. The man wanted to shear it ! Poor lamb ! It is harboured rue Blomet, at a cattle feeders, who brings it to be every morning. It breakfasts with me : milk and a few lettuce leaves. And its name is Lamb. It shall be made into a ram with fine crumpled horns. Feel there, near the ears, the two little knots, hard already. Don't you think it bleats lovingly ?   It is so white ! Put on its feet, Lamb stumbled, then rolled on the carpet like a dog, its eyes soon closed. Then, lighting his pipe, Cyran spoke in changed tones: — The other evening, whilst talking, I looked, I observed, amused by the youth of the faces, the brightness of the eyes, scarcely wondering, that the women should have short hair and the men long locks. There are modes and affectations of vices. It is indifferent to me as, outside of absolute chastity, all, hereafter, seems ugly. Moreover I soon ceased to ponder. In presence of faces I am the painter. I spoke of models, I examined heads, seeking the character which would suit my door. My Saint John is painted on the interior door of the sacristy. It is he who opens the door, from inside on the outer world so that from the secret life Jesus should pass into public life and to the sacrifice—consequence of every life dedicated to the people. It is perfectly clear, though the guardian brother could not understand the symbol of my door, and especially the lamb marching, resolute and proud, in its gentleness, before the prophet. And yet, the lamb must not be carried ; it must advance willingly towards the knife of the sacrificer. . . Lastly, wishing for an adolescent Saint John and not a withered old hermit, I singled out a youth called Elian. —¦ Elian ! ejaculated Diomedes. But his mouth is a sign-board ! — Then you can imagine.    He came yesterday. — And he played the part of an amorous courtesan ? Sighs, poses, cries, tears? — Yes. —- Cyran, you really live too much beyond the pale of everything. He attempted the same adventure with Sully. It was very stupid. With Sully who has the habits of a saint ! _ Finally, he had the esprit of a " mot " parodied from Suetonius : I wish to be the lover of Cyrene and loved by Cyran ! He is a dissolute madman and not interesting. But what means this allusion to Cyrene? 'Diomedes, hesitatingly, answered : — If it is not true, it is possible. Then again after a silence : _ Besides, Cyrene is lost.   She knows it. Her nerves have taken such a habit of pleasures. . . It   is   the   drunkenness   of   lust.   .   .   Had she remained with you and become your wife, she would now be the friend of your evenings and the companion of your days, happy to mix your colours and hand you your paint-brush. . . Yes, she is a terrible sinner. . . Now, why should you not come to her rescue in a brotherly way? Cyran seemed shocked at this discourse which evoked too clearly to his mind a too well known past. Diomedes felt himself clumsy and almost infamous. Cyran objected : — But I do not wish to marry. I am a monk. An old mistress? No. A passing liaison. I had a great tenderness for her it is true at the time when I was, I also, a scandal. — Cyrene has been so beautiful and she is still so beautiful that all is forgiven her, resumed Diomedes. The world, in spite of its increasing stupidity, admits perfectly that a woman like Cyrene should have other claims in life and on life, than a woman of whom virtue is the only grace. Her existence will have been broad pompeian fresco', somewhat lascivious, somewhat voluptuous, but of vivid colours and softened flesh. . . And then she cares for you. Did you not feel her emotion the other evening? — I fear her love, answered Cyran. She will wish to obtain of me (and it would be her right) pleasures I desire no longer. I caress the hips of a model without any more feeling than the hind quarters of a horse, with the same aesthetic good nature. The skin of a woman is now to me nothing but a very fine raiment, and if it is stretched over pleasant curves I am satisfied and that is all. . . But with a creature whom I loved, whom I inhaled, whom I drank in. . . I am troubled my clear Diomedes. Who will paint my pictures if I make love? Diomedes, amused by this controversy, insinuated : ¦— Painting is not incompatible with love. — My painting? Absolutely. It is necessary that my life should be immaterial, for my art to remain spiritual and intellectual. If I touch life, if I am absorbed by the flesh, I feel I shall return to my realistic vomit ! Flow many years I have lost, loving appearances, copying muscles, tones, glimmerings, drawing mouths that speak, bosoms towards which lips are strained ! What is the use? The most direct realism, the surest, the most palpable, goes, flees shamefacedlv before nature. Perhaps is it a useful art, a documentary art? . . . Costumes interest the future historian, and clever people dissert on the colour of hair in Italy at the time of Veronese. One must deform or transform. . . I, I transform. I free the bodies from all materiality; of these, I make clouds, vapours, dreams, souls. . . To lighten and lengthen, to obtain frail and transparent beings. — And the lamb? asked Diomedes, who cared but moderately for Cyran's new painting and smiled sometimes at his theories. — Lamb? He shall be tall and slender like a greyhound, with a small fine head, childish and pained, and golden rays bursting from the absence of his horns. Diomedes admitted this vision, but although despising himself somewhat, he said, to fulfil his promise to the end : — She agrees  to  all  self-denials,   to  a mystic marriage. — In what will she find the strength to renounce herself? — In her love of you. — Perhaps. Diomedes added : — Think, a mystic marriage, purely white, angelic nuptials. This idea fascinated Cyran's imagination, become somewhat childish. He recollected edifying lives of Saints, the vows of chastitv formulated by new spouses still hand in hand receiving the priest's benediction. — Like Cecile and Valerien   . . But he resumed : — Cecile was pure, Valerian was young; their sacrifice was great, perhaps cruel. Mine would be peaceful, my friend. . . Frescoes are to me admirable and chaste spouses, giving me perfect joy. You must not compare me to Valerian, or compare Cyrene to Cecile. . . One cannot even think of Philemon and Baucis, which is still admirable, but of an old misanthropist, ill, nervous, and of a woman, less illustrious in virtue than in beauty and esprit, and who to-morrow will be old, saddened, and ugly. . . To die alone, that is the question and that is the horror. . . Without doubt,'but it is perhaps more beautiful. " He was found dead, paint brush in hand, lying at the feet of the lamb who seemed  .   .   ." What? I wish to paint until my last breath, souls, clouds, incense, white, white things. . . Come and see me one of these days. . . I paint everything at a time. The procession of souls, Saint John, the Annunciation. All is begun, all. . . To induce Lamb to stand erect, one holds out to him a salad leaf steeped in milk. " Well, my friend, come with her if you wish. She will see my souls, she will see what women have become for me, she will see how I understand life ! . . Souls, souls unto my last hour !   .   .   Adieu! " And, lifting the lamb in his arms, he went, like the Good Shepherd. When Cyran had left, Diomedes, with sorrow, calculated his age, but he only arrived at almosts. " He must be even older than he admits. His, was a great brain.   .   .   He still has hours. And Diomedes thought of the truly beautiful life of that man, ever untroubled by ambition or fortune. He had never departed from art, but to beg nobly by some passing work, his daily bread ; his entrance into glory had been slow, processional, hieratic : never a gesture to please the people, or a smile towards the Jews, detainers, and dealers in sacred vessels, or a step towards laurels, wreaths, and flowers, but rather towards the reed and the sponge and the gall that men's hatred pours to those men who are the nobility of humanity. Diomedes, who had always been filial, but not servile, began to doubt of his authority to urge him still towards Cyrene and towards such a risk. He was glad that Cyran had resisted and, admitting his objections, he resolved not to attempt tearing them away if his advice were again solicited. Cyrene had in herself such a vast seduction ! He tried in vain to analyse it. The stills cracked, burst with blinding jets of steam. It was impossible to discover either the courtesan, or the great lady, or the " muse," but a curious being containing some of all this and the whole of it venemous in the smallest doses with all the charm of opium and of the most delicious poisons. No woman better justified Diomedes' ideas of the part played by contempt in love. Vice worshipped in her, an ugliness hidden under animal beauty, the grace of wantonness and sterility. Her mind, even, seemed physical, one inhaled it as a perfume in which something sexual lingers; her smile was softly enveloping and her laughter a caress. In Cyrene, the eternal plays upon words were true, reasonable and deep, born of her fatidical name. On thinking about them he easily understood the motives of the return to old Cyran, they were simple, human, sociable, and without doubt cordial and even affectionate. "But really," mused Diomedes, " what does it all matter to me? I have thought too little of myself these last weeks. And yet he could not deny the evidence of his duties towards Cyran. But what duties? Protect him? Rescue him? How? In opening or in closing the windows? Wearied by these controversies, he wrote to Neo requesting a meeting, an hour, spent near a window, or under the trees in her park. To go there? " Yes, she expects me. But what nuisances to contend with ! See the old jockey, have to greet the old lady who detains you anxiously, near her sofa by the questions she has long been stirring up in her uncultured, Oriental brain. She hates Neo imposed on her as being an orphan niece. The truth, which she knows, and which she dares not murmur, animates her crafty black eyes when the young girl passes, or when her name is mentioned. If she were not paralysed, Neo would have long since drunk poison.   . ." In the afternoon, Diomedes, having posted his letter, strolled, in spite of it, towards the Sina mansion. The old jockey had gone out with Neo. He was obliged to endure the old Levantine " at home." On approaching the shaded corner where she was buried under cushions, a noise of medals and olive stones was heard. She prayed the whole day with ardent pleadings, aimlessly, thoughtlessly. Yet Diomedes had heard her confess : " I am strong, the Saints are with me, the Mother of God protects me !" Keeping her rosary in her thin hands her fingers lingering upon the bead whose orison she was finishing, she extended to Diomedes a vast gesture of welcome, then she spoke : — They have sent me an idea, for they love me and wish me cured : " Rise and go to Jerusalem !" Then I ask: How does one go to Jerusalem? But here, no one knows how to answer when it is I who ask. Diomedes, you will tell me how to go to Jerusalem, I am listening. Diomedes explained the facilities, the fatigues of the journey. He remembered the name of a steamer, of the railway to Jaffa, of an annual pilgrimage whose torpidity would suit the invalid. She shrieked, waving her olive stones : " May the Mother of God be blessed !   I will go to Jerusalem ! Neobelle came in, and led Diomedes away whilst the old woman still shouted in menacing tones : — I will go to Jerusalem. XIV.—The CHESTNUT TREES. The grass is soft and deep around the chestnut trees. She led Diomedes under the trees. The stately park, solitary and light, welcomed them in its smile. The green trees stretched out their new shoots like fresh hands; the metallic laurels shone like sheaves of lances round purple beeches, solemn and proud, and the assembly of heavy chestnut trees, lifted towards heaven, the flame of its sconces seemed like some immense repository, to shield the Blessed Sacrament of nature. She led Diomedes under the chestnut trees. Robed in sombre red stuff, the obscure reflection gave a hard copperish glitter to her golden hair, partly covered with the black lace that had veiled the richness of her shoulders—Cyrene's scarf'—Neo advanced, serious, her eyes sparkling, almost sacerdotal, full of life, of strength, of beauty; thev had not vet spoken; she stopped, laid her two cool hands on Diomedes' cheeks and kissed him on the brow. Then Diomedes kissed her hands and kept one within his. They walked on, without words, troubled, awaiting one from the other the invitation of a new gesture. Sown with small pink leaves, the gravel creaked softly under their feet; the air, imprisoned by the trees with their drooping branches", was balmy and fragrant; in the distance, the waves of a forgotten ocean, in the nearness, a silence filled with bees. They sat on a bench, henceforth less nervous, able to look at each other, read in one another's eyes. Their lips trembled with desire but Neo shook her head, threw herself back like a horse refusing the curb.   To resist more easily she spoke : — But I do not belong to you! No, no, I have given nothing, nothing of that which gives. . . I do not know, I dream. . . It is difficult to give oneself really, entirely. — Not entirely yet, Neo. To give oneself little by little, day by day, joy by joy, as the flowering clusters of the chestnut trees which to the breeze give one by one, their small pink leaves.   . . ¦— And see what they become, stains on the gravel, and we walk on them. To give oneself is to die. . . Leaf by leaf, it is to die slowly. . . Dio I am neither chaste nor craven, I desire all I anticipate, and I know that beyond my desire and my anticipation, there is a whole garden of flowers and delights; I only question myself as to whether I love you. . . Yes, I do love you, friend, and yet, if I were only to love your intelligence, your eyes, your brow, your words—and not your lips? Diomedes entered willingly into this sentimental controversy.   He answered with ironical warmth : — Taste of the fruit Neo, and you will know. — Evil angel ! — The advice was good. What should we do with innocence? Ignorance, innocence, virtues, childish and even somewhat animal. . . Neo, your strong brave heart confesses scruples of a " child of Mary." Taste all fruits and nourish yourself with the one you like. — It is not the first time, Diomedes, that I have been given that advice. I have even given it to myself often, but without being able to follow it— even in thought. I am not the woman who goes amongst the field of men and who breaks off an awn and shells it, then another and still another, until the pathway leads her to another field, orchard, vineyard, or garden. No, my friend, I wish for a beautiful glass, chiselled and gilt, in which to drink a drop of pure wine, poured from a single flagon. I do not need a dinner service or a complete vineyard. — But then what did I advise you, resumed Diomedes? To taste all fruits until you find the one that tempts you palate. . . I was thinking of myself, and that afterwards, you would go no further. — No, that is your present thought. I prefer to believe vou immoral than foppish. — I am not a very beautiful glass, answered Diomedes smiling. I am neither gilt or chiselled, but one can become intoxicated with the wine I contain. Thinking she had humiliated him, for his voice was somewhat embittered, Neo gave him her hands. Then, playing with their rings, Diomedes continued : — I have the right to offer myself to you, Neo, having read your letter. She endeavoured to take back her hands : — Do not avail yourself of my weaknesses, of the dreams of a day of ennui. Diomedes released her hands. — Neo, you are a woman like every other woman. — And perhaps rather more obscure, am I not? — Neither more or less. — Ah ! we were such friends when I did not know you were a man. . . Let us still be friends. I will listen to you, looking into your eyes, and you will forget the perfume of my flesh. Since you have read my letter, remember all the pages and all the lines. I did offer myself but divided. Leave me half of myself. — 'But that is impossible. To give but a part of oneself is to give all or nothing following the intention or the will. We are indivisible beings. Your soul is in your bosom, in your hips, in your knees, and as complete as in your brain ; it is in your hands, your limbs and on your lips, it is everywhere, in your hair and in your finger nails, at the tips of your toes and at the bud of your breasts; it is in your smile, in your iris, in your teeth, on the tip of your tongue, in your gestures and in your fragrance. In kissing your shoulders I tasted your soul. . . You wish to love only my words, you will love but a breath and a sound. My real words of life and love lie closed within the obscurity of my flesh; your caresses shall call them to the surface and you shall imbibe them easily like the sap which trickles through the bark of the ash trees. — Be silent, Diomedes. It is you now whom I fear. You represent as being mysterious and terrible, pleasures in which I saw but the voluptuousness of an abandon and of an obscure communion. . . No ! No ! I fear you. Go ! It seems to me as if all my flesh were going to sing like a harp and that you will hear, with your ear against my heart, all the accumulated secrets of my life and of my dreams !   No ! — I will not listen, Neo, resumed Diomedes gently. I will understand but what you wish me to understand, and I will capture only the most elementary secrets and outpourings with my hands and with my lips. I will only ask of you, joy and cordiality, and to read on your lips the admission of desire. — Diomedes, you look cruel, despite the langour of your words. I do not recognise you. You are ugly. Your eyes pierce me. Your mouth would bite.   . . — It is because I love you, answered Diomedes, again becoming ironical. If you loved me also, you would think me handsome. Remote, one from the other, they were silent, looking far away, beyond the grasses and the varicoloured flowers. The silence which calmed Diomedes and gave him back the mastery of all his egoism, seemed to affect Neobelle. Her hands trembled somewhat on her knees, her bosom heaved slowly, she wept. — I do not know what I wish ! I do not know what I wish ! She clung to Diomedes and embraced him violently. Diomedes kissed her eyes slowly, musing : The thick moss lies abundant beneath the oaks. " The grass is soft and deep around the chestnut trees. With an adroit gesture I can lay her on this grass and be happy. The garden is deserted ; no window glances at us. To be happy ! A singular pleasure to ravish gently this powerful virgin ! Irretrievable pleasure, joys enduring unto death ! Ah ! I will have time to listen when she is heedless, and time to fill my lips with that taste of love whose freshness has the insipidity of water in porous pitchers. . . She weeps, she weeps for her innocence, and she is choked by desire as she would be by an apple. I have her and I play. The game does not amuse me. How she has changed since the day I feared to be the ball of thread grasped in the young, violent claws. I pity her. She is tragical and wretched. Virginity is tragic, as the day that dawns or the day that dies, as the hour that strikes. Not more so. It is nothing. The hand passes over the figures with the same movement as it does the emptiness separating them ; it only quivers at the start and at the finish. Must I cling to this chain? Descend slowly in the obscure pit of the mine : and reascend perhaps, amidst a constellation of diamonds, or die below ground with the anguish of having chosen the wrong travelling companion? Oh! God, how wanting I am in ingenuity. She prevails over me since she weeps. I will do whatever her tears desire.   . ." She held him more closely. Their limbs touched, and their breasts. Diomedes ceased thinking. The touch awakened his flesh ; he no longer controlled his gestures; her dress feverishly opened, let the fingers pass and the palm; slipped unto the bosom, ardent and imperious, the hand imposed itself, irrevocable, as a seal, as a sign, at once extended to the whole nude and trembling body of the conquered woman. She raised her head and offered her lips. During the kiss her limbs seemed to unbend slowly as those of an animal who awakens, stretches and enjoys coming to life again. When she opened her eyes, she had given herself entirely in desire and will. They had not moved, no ugly gesture had disturbed their harmonious embrace or deformed the grace of their attitude. Neo had but to raise herself slightly for her bodice to seem inviolate. Only their eyes had grown pale, their cheeks had blushed and their smile, doubtful and unsatisfied, avowed the anxiety for equivocal delights. Diomedes was thinking less and less. He said in a childish voice, his eyes drawn towards the red lips : — Again ! — No. Neo had answered almost harshly; and yet she was moved, and her restless eyes seemed to fix some conjured up image. Diomedes felt that to insist he would be obliged to use sentimental phrases; a complete romantic vocabulary was stirring in his unconscious brain. He felt inclined to say : "Give me your lips, my love. . . How your heart beats ! . . Your eyes are star sapphires. . . Say you love me. . . Say it again, for ever ! . . Oh ! to love in the country, in the midst of nature! . . You sigh, my dearest? . . I would wish to carry you to the end of the world ! . . I warn you, I am jealous She is mine, mine only. . . How lovely you are! . . What are you thinking of. Look at me. . . You know, I read in your eyes. It seems to me I could not have lived without you. . ." But little by little, these small nothings which his memory recalled, amused him. He sought for others, incapable of any commentary on his present adventure. Meanwhile Neobelle was reflecting.   She said : — Diomedes, I will come to you this evening, know what I desire and I know what awaits me. I will come.   No social prejudice interests me and I feel as free of my acts as if I were alone in the world. Will you accept me? Diomedes answered firmly : — Yes. Then : — These are nuptials?   We pledge our oath? — No, no oaths. Your counsels tempt me : to taste of the fruit.   .   .   Then.   . . — The first come, said Diomedes, rather surprised at these cruel expressions. — Are you then the first comer? Don't let us talk any more, Dio; Ah ! how much better we might have loved, had we spoken less. Don't let us speak any more of ourselves. She rose, suddenly turned pale. Her resolution gave her a tragic look. They returned, walking side by side, in silence. At this hour, the garden was without sun, but still warm and luminous; the flowers seemed pensive, the trees solemn. Diomedes felt in communion with this unconscious and somewhat heavy gravity. . . Neobelle stopped and said : — You will dine here and take me to a theatre. The furthest.   . . — The Odeon? — Very well. They brushed past a thicket of small red roses, Neo's dress was caught in the thorns. The bush of roses was shaken as by a storm and all the little red roses shed their leaves on the gravel in a rain of blood. {To be Continued.) The Serious Artist. IV. La poesie, avec ses comparaisons obligees, sa mythologie que ne croit pas le poete, sa dignite de style a la Louis XIV., et tout l'attirail de ses ornements appeles poetiques, est bien au-dessous de la prose des qu'il s'agit de donner une idee claire et precise des mouvements du coeur; or, dans ce genre, on n'emeut que par la clarte.''—Stendhal. AND that is precisely why one employs oneself in l\ seeking precisely the poetry that shall be without this flummery, this fustian a la Louis XIV., " farcie de comme." The above critique of Stendhal's does not apply to the Poema de Cid, nor to the parting of Odysseus and Calipso. In the writers of the duo-cento and early tre-cento we find a precise psychology, embedded in a now almost unintelligible jargon, but there nevertheless. If we cannot get back to these things; if the serious artist cannot attain this precision in verse, then he must either take to prose or give up his claim to being a serious artist. It is precisely because of this fustian that the Parnassiads and epics of the eighteenth century and most of the present-day works of most of our ocntemporary versifiers are pests and abominations. As the most efficient way to say nothing is to keep quiet, and as technique consists percisely in doing the thing that one sets out to do, in the most efficient manner, no man who takes three pages to say nothing can expect to be seriously considered as a technician. To take three pages to say nothing is not style, in the serious sense of that word. There are several kinds of honest work. There is the thing that will out. There is the conscientious formulation, a thing of infinitely greater labour, for the first is not labour at all, though the efficient doing of it may depend on a deal of labour foregoing. There is the " labour foregoing," the patient testing of media, the patient experiment which shall avail perhaps the artist himself, but is as likely to avail some successor. The first sort of work may be poetry. The second sort, the conscientious formulation, is more than likely to be prose. The third sort of work savours of the laboratory, it concerns the specialist, and the dilletanti, if that word retains any trace of its finer and original sense. A dilletante proper is a person who takes delight in the art, not a person who tries to interpose his inferior productions between masterwork and the public. I reject the term connaisseurship, for '* con-naisseurship " is so associated in our minds with a desire for acquisition. The person possessed of connaisseurship is so apt to want to buy the rare at one price and sell it at another. I do not believe that a person with this spirit has ever seen a work of art. Let me restore the foppish term dilletante, the synonym for folly, to its place near the word diletto. The dilletante has no axe to grind for himself. If he be artist as well, he will be none the less eager to preserve the best precedent work. He will drag out 11 sources " that prove him less original than his public would have him. As for Stendhal's stricture, if we can have a poetry that comes as close as prose, pour donner une idie claire et precise, let us have it, " E di venire a cio io studio quanto posso . . . che la mia vita per alquanti anni dun.'" . . . And if we cannot attain to such a poetry, noi altri poeti, for God's sake let us shut up. Let us "Give up, go down," etcetera; let us acknowledge that our art, like the art of dancing in armour, is out of date and out of fashion. Or let us go to our ignominious ends knowing that we have strained at the cords, that we have spent our strength in trying to pave the way for a new sort of poetic art—it is not a new sort but an old sort—but let us know that we have tried to make it more nearly possible for our successors to recapture this art. To write a poetry that can be carried as a communication between intelligent men. To this end to studio quanto posso. I have tried to establish a clear demarcation. I have been challenged on my use of the phrase " great art " in an earlier article. It is about as useless to search for a definition of " great art " as it is to search for a scientific definition of life. One knows fairly well what one means. One means something more or less proportionate to one's experience. One means something quite different at different periods of one's life. It is for some such reason that all criticism should be professedly personal criticism. In the end the critic can only say " I like it," or "I am moved," or something of that sort. When he has shown us himself we are able to understand him. Thus, in painting, I mean something or other vaguely associated in my mind with work labelled Durer, and Rembrandt, and Velasquez, etc., and with the painters whom I scarcely know, possibly of T'ang and Sung—though I dare say I've got the wrong labels—and with some Egyptian designs that should probably be thought of as sculpture. And in poetry I mean something or other associated in my mind with the names of a dozen or more writers. On closer analysis I find that I mean something like "maximum efficiency of expression"; I mean that the writer has expressed something interesting in such a way that one cannot re-say it more effectively. I also mean something associated with discovery. The artist must have discovered something—'either of life itself or of the means of expression. Great art must of necessity be a part of good art. I attempted to define good art in an earlier chapter. It must bear true witness. Obviously great art must be an exceptional thing. It cannot be the sort of thing anyone can do after a few hours' practice. It must be the result of some exceptional faculty, strength, or perception. It must almost be that strength of perception working with the connivance of fate, or chance, or whatever you choose to call it. And who is to judge? The critic, the reviewer, however stupid or ignorant, must judge for himself. The only really viscious criticism is the academic criticism of those who make the grand abnegation, who refuse to say what they think, if they do think, and who quote accepted opinion; these men are the vermin, their treachery to the great work of the past is as great as that of the false artists to the present. If they do not care enough for the heritage to have a personal conviction, then they have no licence to write. Every critic should give indication of the sources and limits of his knowledge. The criticism of English poetry by men who knew no language but English, or who knew little but English and school-classics, has been a marasmus. When we know to what extent each sort of expression has been driven, in, say, a dozen great literatures, we begin to be able to tell whether a given work has the excess of great art. We would not think of letting a man judge pictures if he knew only English pictures, or music if he knew only English music—or only French or German music for that matter. The stupid or provincial judgment of art bases itself on the belief that great art must be like the art that it has been reared to respect. Ezra Pound. The Battle of the Cubes. WHERE there is no genius, there is often insolence. At the Dore* Galleries, the scene of the new Post-Impressionist and Futurist Exhibition, there is a little genius and much insolence. The insolence, in this case a kind of mistaken courage, comes mostly from the British section, which is as uninspiring as a Royal Academy show. Imagine, indeed, if you can, a crowd of Royal Academicians turned loose in the pastures of new art, and you have an adequate idea of the nature of English Cubism. You look in vain for a spark of divine, or hellish, fire, for some stray note of emotional excess and exhilaration, for colour that lives, for planes that sing, for rhythm that dances. Of that dynamic quality of which modern art boasts, there is none. They have little power even to irritate you—these stupid cubes, cubes without reason and cubes without soul, cubes as tedious to the eye as the sound of dominoes at the Cafe Royal is to the ear. There is assuredly nothing wrong in cubes, planes and angles themselves. But they are useless, as words are useless, unless they are made to speak. I confess I have a weakness for the fabric of modern art. I go to an exhibition all attuned to any new manifestation of the creative spirit. Cubes are in order, and so I go to see cubes. I expect to see a house made of cubes, not ruins. Watch children play with cubes and you will note that one will build, and another can only destroy. The English section is mostly a chaos of toppling cubes. I am ready to perform a genuflexion before an exquisite little study by Piccasso, called " Composition of a Death's Head " (101). It is is splendid pattern of planes in gay colour, a spot fit for a king's wall—and for mine. Turn then to the large " Kermesse " (84) by Mr. Wyndham Lewis. He seems to have overstepped the mark in this picture. It is true that Cubism is based on mechanics, but mechanics are merely a means to an end, and that end is some sort of emotion which the artist has felt and has wished to convey to the spectator. There are mechanics in an aeroplane, and a flying aeroplane is a work of art. The aeroplane soars. There are no soaring qualities in the " Kermesse." It is perhaps as conscientious as an Academy picture, and just as laboured and uninspired in a new way. It looks very much as though the formula had mastered the artist. Convince his friends that it is lifeless and colourless and they will say to you : '' But look at its construction, see its sense of design." I fear very much that Mr. Lewis has made an airship that will not fly. As an experiment it may be interesting, but why exhibit an experiment that is a failure? Delaunay's " Cardiff Football Team " (30) across the way has no such pretensions. If not a great work of art, it is at least a more intelligible study of planes, and pleasing in colour—quite a glorified poster. Again turn your attention to No. 66, Mr. A. E. Wadsworth's chaotic ' L'Omnibus " (is it after an accident, or afirer several drinks?), and then to Auguste Herbin's " Farmhouse and Rocks at Ceret " (106). The last is an orderly study of planes and dramatic contrasts of colour, which give the sensation of melody. There is Mr. Frederick Etchell's "Study of a Nude" (82), "unfinished," we are told—goodness knows why it was ever begun !—and again the highly attractive study (83) by Mr. J. D. Fergusson, who is original without being a Cubist. His " Rhythm," a decorative nude in firmly outlined curves, shows a seated feminine figure in exaggerated fleshly contours; the background is in keeping with the design of the figure. The picture is typically Fergussonian in colour. Mr. Fergusson indeed is one of the compensations of the modern English section.   His " Still Life, Blue and Gold " (63) is a joyous spot of pigment, while his " Red Sail " (117), with its large foreground of waves painted in arbitrary colour, is no less vivacious. A historical subject is a real curiosity of Cubist art. Such is Mr. C. R. W. Nevinson's 11 Waiting for the Robert e. Lee 0 (64). The same artist's " Departure of the Train de Luxe " (67) shows an intact engine emerging out of a mass of debris. It is difficult to comprehend why a Cubist should deliberately build a conventionally realistic engine and set it in a Cubist railway station. But I shall not enumerate all the incongruities. I must confess though that I had wondered how two charts of thumb prints (58 and 59) escaped from the Scotland Yards, until, having looked up my catalogue, I discovered that they were " Polka " and Valse by Gino Severini, the only real Futurist in the exhibition. Possibly we shall find an explanation of them in the Futurist Marifesto No. 187. Among the saner works of the Cubists A. Wolmark's " Still Life " (115) is worth coming back to. Another reasonably sane work, this time that of a Matissian offspring, is Dunoyer de Segonzac's " Boxers " (86), a monochromish but decorative caricature which legitimately emphasizes the essential angular rhythms of modern combat. As this is largely a retrospective exhibition and an attempt to show the historical origins and growth of Post-Impressionism, the work of Camille Pissarro and of several offshoots of Impressionism is included.   Peace to their ashes. A few ohoice canaries and choicer nightingales make their song heard despite the din of the Cubist Ku-ku-re-kus. Van Gogh is here. His pictures cover small space, but the man is a giant. I would rather have his " Portrait of Father Tranquit " (92) than anything in the exhibition. I have seen better Matisses. His series of lithographs, however (182-6), is superb. Two early etchings by Piccasso (126 and 127) are decidedly Blakian. There are a number of worthy paintings among the Camden group, but they do not come within the scope of my review. Of the half-dozen sculptures in the exhibition the chief piece is Jacob Epstein's " Group of Birds." It is quite as simple as the giant Egyptian beetle in the British Museum, of which it is somewhat reminiscent. Very good, too, are the heads by Joe Zadkin, who leans to the Assyrian. As a concluding word, with especial reference to the Cubists, I have in mind that rather unprofessional but trenchant bit of musical criticism I once heard or read: "There are pianists and pianists. I refer to the latter only." I recall one sunny April morning at Naples, when I walked in via Nardones. I entered one of those dark arched courts which support the tall tenements, and I looked for the porter. The transition from sunlight to dark for a few moments dimmed my vision, but gradually through the doorway of a small, dark chamber I discerned a face, then another, and another. They were working there, the porter mending boots, the wife sewing, I could not see what the third person was doing. I thought of this incident as I left the garish flare of the Dore Galleries and found myself a few minutes later at the Grafton, where an exhibition of the Spanish Old Masters is being held in support of National Gallery funds. As I plunged into the large salle of dark canvases, I felt for a while decidedly depressed. I bemoaned my rash experiment, cursed myself inwardly. I regretted that I had resisted the impulse to have my ten first.    I sat down and rested. Gradually, as I opened my eyes, the walls grew somewhat more animated. Here out of a dark background emerged a figure, there a face, elsewhere a group of figures and faces. I grew more cheerful. Later I rejoiced, revelled. It was decidedly interesting, my experiment. I discovered at least one modern, and by modern I do not necessarily mean a Cubist. El Greco comes nearer our age in spirit than Velasquez. You could hang his " Supper in the House of Simon " (121) at least by the side of Van Gogh. The curious elongated figures and everything else in the picture create an atmosphere of dramatic tension consistent not only with the theme but with the modern idea that the function of pictorial art is to express emotion. And El Greco is versatile. Whistler was never more Whistler than the Spaniard is in his "Portrait of Masutio de Masutii (114). It is Whistlerian in both arrangement and in tone. If anything, there is greater sturdiness in the character of the head, which is drawn with the precision of an old master. Otherwise, it is marvellously a Whistler. Another picture conceived in a modern mood is a " Portrait of the Artist " (127). The number of Velasquezes in the exhibition bear witness to the amazing fecundity of an artist, the legitimacy of whose pictures will always be disputed. Velasquez has now his Mazo, just as a hundred years hence Whistler will have his Greaves. An ultra-modern painter can hardly be expected to have sympathy with Velasquez. I have already heard him referred to as the Perfect Photographer. Certainly in such portraits as that of Pope Innnocent X. (59) in the present exhibition, and in that of the same pontiff in the Doria Galleries at Rome, the artist has uttered the last word in naturalistic painting. It might be said of Velasquez that he painted portraits with the same disinterested aloofness—and I speak relatively—that he painted still-lifes. The moderns are at the other end of the pole. They declare that a still-life has the same human and dramatic possibilities in a picture that a face has, since the artist uses a concrete object, be it a face or a stone jug, to express his emotion. Even the more tolerant of the moderns do not wish to know that Velasquez was of another age, for they point out, and with some justice, that Rembrandt was a contemporary of the Spaniard, and yet he did not limit himself to the expression of external appearances of things. For pure craftsmanship I know few things to excel " The Dying Gladiator " (36), a wonderfully drawn nude attributed to Velasquez. This picture was only recently discovered in Sweden. Speaking of Rembrandt, there is one man in the exhibition whose work curiously resembles that of the Dutch Master. He is Valdes Leal, who was born in 1630 and died in 1691. Especially in " The Life of the Virgin : The Nativity " (94) is there a marked likeness to Rembrandt in the chiorascuro and in the golden light.   It is a very beautiful picture. There is an excellent Zurbaran here (91), and good examples of Murillo. Also a few charming Goyas, the best of which is a " Portrait of a Spanish Lady " (183). It looks fresh enough to have been painted yesterday. Lovers of art can hardly afford to miss this exhibition, or for that matter the Dore Galleries show. Only I should advise them to reverse the procedure, and go to the Grafton first. The experiment may prove less interesting, and also, psychologically, less depressing.    And again, it may be a toss-up. John Cournos. BOOKS on all subjects, Secondhand, at Half-Prices. New, 25 per cent. Discount. Catalogue 761 free. State Wants, Books Bought.—FoYLE, 121, Charing Cross Road, London. August Strindberg.* The comparatively late arrival of August Strindberg and the immediate recognition of his place among European writers is of considerable psychological importance. Strindberg is, for some, the modern writer par excellence : he is of the people. This instant recognition is not in itself sufficient proof of genius. Many have come and gone whose brilliant gifts have been mistaken for that general high level of sensitiveness that is genius. Strindberg, in his instability, his mad self-infatuation, his mental discord, his tortured sensibility, his derangement of growth, suggests rather the unique vision of deformity than the clear vision of harmonious development. Strindberg has come late not only to our queer verge of civilisation, but to Europe in general. European civilisation is now feeling its way, not without misgiving, along the shores of a new " terra incognita,"—the perplexing dreams and experiences of Strindberg, the hyperborean. Two books, " Legends " and " The Inferno," are devoted to these adventures in the occult. Much of these two volumes is mystical hypochondria, in which trifling symptoms are distorted out of all relation to their original value and interpreted according to the time-worn tradition of such things, but from time to time a point of flame leaps from these embers,". . . . the period of the prophets seems to have come to an end. The Powers want to have nothing more to do with priests and have taken the direct government of souls upon themselves." A dark and troubled beauty pervades these books and there sounds that mournful note that is dominant in Strindberg's work, " All happiness, all peace is illusion, as landscapes look all golden or flecked with silver discs after looking at the sun." This newly discovered, yet not new, writer is not easy to estimate, to exploit and to systematize ; not easy to drain of his formula, of his essential secret. Strindberg is " modern." The word, with its double implication of weakness and power, is applicable to the author of " The Confessions of a Fool " and " Marriage." Strindberg was opposed to the intellectual advancement of women : he reverenced the mother. In the collection of stories called " Marriage " he intended to voice this reverence. He drew the material from the lives of his friends : half-way through he found that he had recorded nothing but sordid misery and degradation. The book is an excellent arraignment of the marriage code: Strindberg believed that he had proved the invincible evil of woman. Shaw, when asked what was the greatest hindrance to the advancement of women, replied in one word, " Lust." Strindberg is the arch-sensualist jealous of the source of his emotion. He never detached himself sufficiently to dissect or examine the root of his aversion to more highly organised women. His instinct was against certain things that threatened to interfere with his personal gratification. * Confessions of a Fool. Marriage. Legends. The Inferno. In Midsummer Days. The Red Room.   (London: Howard Latimer, Ltd. 1913.) The Son of a Servant.   (London: William Rider and Son, Ltd.    1913- 3/6.) Putting together the various plays and stories in which women emerge, we sum up Strindberg's contribution to sex analysis.   There are only, such is this Swede's discovery, three types of women in the world, and they are all vampires,    the  first is the spiritual campire, who betrays, as it were, the very soul of the universe, for the purpose oi drinking up the sweet dregs of cosmic pity and intoxicating herself with the tears of humanity as with a delicious wine.   This woman becomes a kind of inverted, perverted female Christus.   The second is the cerebral vampire; and of her there are two species.   There is the typical " wife," as in " Comrades,'   who sucks the intellectual blood of her victims : and there is the typical "mother," who, as in "The Father," disassociates her offspring from its begetter, and with remorseless assiduity wheedles and goads him, deliberately into madness, in order that her child may be hers alone.      The third is the erotic or emotional  vampire,  whose sexual  instinct is only satisfied by  insatiable  provocation,   a provocation which feeds its jaded senses upon the abnormal and the perverted. Fear and hate sharpened Strindberg's already abnormal powers of observation. Women have never been so cruelly depicted as by this rational and un-synthetical observer. They discourse with pathos and fervour upon subjects they do not understand : their untrained minds are incapable of subjecting their theories and fancies to logical criticism : they are impressed with their own merit and greatness: their talent for clothing the absurdest notions in fine words enables them to infatuate themselves and the followers who applaud them : the contradictory nature of their tenets does not distress them : they desire to be conspicuous : they revel in a scene ; that is, in the greatest emotional exercise with the least expense of intellectual energy. Well, most women do : witness the suffragette and one's female relations. So far, magnificent; when, however, you have said that man has one set of sex organs, and woman another and quite different : that man by reason of his impulse to generation is idealistic abstract in thought, philosophic; and woman, by reason of her functional generation -is materialistic, preoccupied with the event and malleable to circumstance, and essentially pragmatic : when, to sum up, you have said, that man is the symbol of consciousness and woman of emotion, you have said all that Strindberg, with a great deal of tortured misinterpretation of his observations and much futile bitterness has indicated in about ten volumes of plays and stories. Ibsen had said all this forty years ago, and being both poet and seer, had seen woman as the source ot all the lyric passion in the world : as the light that was to irradiate consciousness : had seen the mystic value for all time of " He humbled himself to be born of a Virgin " : Woman was the body, Man the soul : Ibsen pointed the way to the health of the body. There you have original and constructive thought. Strindberg desired truth, and he feared it. He is a Perseus who fears the Gorgon's head less than the shield, for what monstrous distortion of himself might not that mirror show. When his observation appalled him with a need of synthesis and Vision he denied and relucted and hesitated and withdrew ; it was easier to react, he reacted, violently, without consideration of where his reaction might lead him ; appalled by his reaction, he reacted from his reaction, and so by infinite labyrinthine ways he fled the thing that he desired and was stalked by it as by a spectre. What then is this something, which, with all his obvious limitations makes Strindberg so much more interesting, so much more exciting than the rest? What is it, which in so peculiar a way seems to have in it both the very " perfume and suppliance of the minute " and the roar of the gulfs of the abyss? It is a strange blending of assurance and misgiving. It suffers and shrinks and hesitates and withdraws, and yet it does not yield. It is embarrassed, bewildered, uncertain, cynical. The shadow upon it is the shadow of disillusion, and we meet it at the parting of the ways. It goes furtively with uneven steps over broken ground, and the goal of its desire wears often the mirage of the hell from which it flees. " Out of its weakness and its melancholy " it is apt at the end of its journey to build for itself a sepulchre of " second thoughts," and to lie down with the emperors and kings of reaction. Strindberg reminds us of that strange Shadow, of which Poe speaks, whose voice is not solitary but multitudinous. Fragments, morsels, echoes, and snatched refrains of all great recent oracles mutter and beckon and fade above the eddies of his passionate advances and retreats. He resembles them one after another. He has room for these conflicting voices, for the smell of the sweet brute earth, for the silvery monotones of second thoughts; and he has room, he, the amorous idealist, for more savage and mordant outgoings of the Paphian's knot than has any misogynist. Like Hamlet he would bid all little, pathetic, dangerously appealing Ophelias " To a Nunnery, and quickly, too!" Yet, like Hamlet, he is ready with his " I loved Ophelia. . . forty thousand brothers.    . ." Much has been said of the " daring Zolaesque detail " of these novels. Strindberg is Zolaesque in a very limited sphere, and he has selection, which Zola had not. He discourses upon the charm of his wife's petticoat and her seductive stockings: he speaks naively of his uxorious emotions : all the things that are delightful in the boudoir he puts into his novels. That may have been daring thirty years ago, but not to this generation. His vices, by which we would indicate his petulance, his insane self-precccupation, his distorted perspective, his morbid irritability, are, in a peculiar sense, his most effective engines and instruments of research. Hate can be as illuminative as love, and with Strindberg, as with Catullus, the " Odi et amo " is always followed by the inevitable " Excrucior." He hated the successful and the prosperous, he hated gay triumphant people, he desired to be always trou-ling the waters with some disconcerting and obstinate question, to be a sort of spoil-sport at the dance; all these were elements of the same half morbid, half heroic energy, feverish and feeding upon itself, which pushed him perpetually on, into materialism and out of materialism, into marriage and out of marriage, from Chemistry to the Bible, and from the Bible to Balzacian Swedenborgianism. His atheism is unconvincing, his chemistry fantastic, his misogyny extravagant, his reaction "into mysticism a kind of moral drunkenness, yet, because he spurned so fiercely the paths of quietness and peace, because even while he loved he hated, and even while he embraced he dissected and exposed, his genius bites and entices us. C. H. Lego et Penso. PROUDHON'S STYLE AND SANITY. Miss Marsden, in her rejoinder to my challenge, speaks less respectfully of Americans and their ideas than she did in the extravagant remarks which called the challenge forth. That is a point gained. If, having over-rated Americans, she now under-rates them, the injustice serves at least to restore the balance. Her criticism of the passage which I quoted from Proudhon seems to be directed in part at that author's style and in part at his sanity. So far as it is directed at his style, it interests me little.   True, I might urge that the competent of France generally class Proudhon with Michelet and Balzac as prominent among those whom the Academy ignored to its own  disgrace.     Or  I  might  contrast  with Miss Marsden's opinion my own that Proudhon is a master stylist, little dreaming that it convicts mc of a fondness for "bombast and fustian."    But I will not insist.   I content myself with pointing out that the passage in question, far from " showing Proudhon at his worst," was written at the zenith of his career, after the " Property " and the " Contradictions," those powerful works of his immaturity, and before the "Justice," that product of wonderful, but uneven, excellence wherein the grip so well sustained in his prime was occasionally relaxed.   The value of miss Marsden's estimate of the passage in comparison with the other writings will be enhanced (or the opposite)   if   she   will   state   precisely   which of Proudhon's works she has read.    It is the fashion to talk of Proudhon without reading him.    But I do not suspect Miss Marsden of being a fashionable woman. Of greater interest and importance would be her contention that it is insane to suppose that people can associate for mutual protection on the basis of a contract defining the protective sphere if it were supported by any reasons. But I find none in her paragraphs. Instead, I find only a wild onslaught on all ideas whatsoever—an onslaught whch I take the liberty of characterizing as pure nonsense, unanswerable because intangible. The phrase is impolite, but Miss Marsden's own language is hardly Chesterfieldian. I surmise that the thought of our evolution into a society founded on contract involves, in Miss Marsden's mind, the necessity of erecting a new social structure separate from that which now exists. In that case, I call attention to her error. The passage from Proudhon stated simply his ideal, not the means of attaining it. His conception of the means he phrased elsewhere as "a dissolution of government in the economic organism," meaning thereby the gradual and successive lopping-off of the functions of the State, and the assumption of these, so far as useful and non-invasive, by voluntary associations of workers. In view of this, one sees how wide of the mark is Miss Marsden's analogy, " a scheme for building a block of flats as high as St. Paul's with lily-stalks for materials." ANARCHISM AND PROPERTY. I learn in a roundabout way that the quality of my Anarchism has been questioned lately in the English press. The news comes to me through " Regeneration," an interesting journal published in California, partly in Spanish, partly in English, the English section being edited by Mr. W. C. Owen, from whom I quote as follows : " The editor of the ' Herald of Revolt ' has been called sharply to account for his endeavour to read Benjamin R. Tucker out of the ranks of Anarchism, and we are glad to see that he has had the fairness to open his columns to a full discussion of the question. We have expressed ourselves already on the subject, and need only repeat here that Anarchism means exactlv what its name expresses, ' Without Rule,' and does not chain humanity to the wheel of any economic dogma. Indeed, it is negative, declaring simply that no economic arrangement ran be satisfactory which places one man in the power and at the mercy of another man. If Communism, for example,  should result  in that, Communism would stand condemned by Anarchism." I do not suppose that the Editor of the " Herald of Revolt " has gone farther than to express the opinion that 1 am not an Anarchist, and it is perfectly proper that he should do so. It is a liberty that I have taken repeatedly with reference to John Most, Kropotkine, Emma    Goldman,    and    numerous   Other so-called 218 THE   NEW   FREEWOMAN November 15th, 1913. Anarchists, and there is no reason why their sympathizers should not retaliate in kind. I do not agree with Mr. Owen that Anarchism does not commit its adherents to any economic dogma. Anarchism is a word without meaning, unless it includes the liberty of the individual to control his product or whatever his product has brought him through exchange in a free market—that is, private property. Whoever denies private property is of necessity an Archist. This excludes from Anarchism all believers in compulsory Communism. As for the believers in voluntary Communism (of whom there are precious few), they are of necessity believers in the liberty to hold private property, for to pool one's possessions with those of others is nothing more or less than an exercise of proprietorship. May I note that Mr. Swartz's preference of frankness to hypocrisy does not prevent him from carefully avoiding my question whether he would organize the sex-workingmen as well as the sex-working women ? Benjamin R. Tucker. A Fabian on Banking Reform.* The Fabian Society recognises that there are those who declare that the solution of the social problem requires the abolition of existing State interference with freedom of contract in the provision of credit rather than the imposition of fresh legislation, and Mr. Pease has apparently been commissioned to expose the fallacies of this school. Some of us have devoted many years' study to an examination of the present banking system, and to urging the need for its reform. The opening sentence of the latest Fabian Tract is not calculated to inspire in us the mood of " Come let us reason together." Mr. Pease declares somewhat loftily that " Currency cranks are the most foolish of theorists, and their schemes the most futile of Utopias." If our author were the serene exponent of orthodoxy in matters financial that one would expect from this sentence, one might forgive it; but, seeing that his views on finance are unorthodox to a degree rarely equalled in the welter of currency theories, it had behoved him to refrain from throwing stones in his very fragile glass house. Let us, however, consider in how far Mr. Pease meets the contentions of the particular species of currency crankiness in which I am interested, namely, that of the Banking and Currency Reform League. This League affirms that the universal State restriction upon note issue enormously increases the demand for gold throughout the civilised world for payment of wages and domestic exchange, and gives to gold-owners a monopoly privilege of taxing industry unduly for the use of their commodity. An increase of prosperity in any country causes an increase in the demand for exchange medium in these transactions, and, in the absence of a flexible note issue, drains gold from the banks into the channels of exchange. When the banks' reserves become dangerously low, the bankers are compelled to raise the Bank Rate, firstly to discourage the demand for credit, and secondly to attract gold from abroad. This act simultaneously cuts down prosperity at home and, by draining foreign banks of gold, similarly throttles industry abroad. Thus we saw a few years ago that prosperity in Egypt caused the withdrawal of gold from the Bank of England, and for several weeks our Bank Rate stood at 7%. If * Fabian Tract No. 164. the demand for gold persist, financial crisis is the inevitable result. The continual danger of financial crises to-day compels banks to confine their longdate credit advances to those who possess security which is saleable in times of monetary stringency— times when the Bank Rate is high, when there is an extreme hunger for money, and when all but the most valuable gilt-edged security is quite unsaleable. The Banking Reform League asserts that it is this continual restriction of credit to the minority of possessors of abnormally valuable security which is chiefly responsible for the monopoly of machinery in few hands, and consequent over-competition and low wages among the many wage-earners. Firstly, Mr. Pease throughout this Tract makes no reply whatever to the contention that the universal prohibition of the issue of notes is responsible for stagnation of trade and unemployment. In one case only does he come to grips with modern bank reformers, and that is when he denies that there is a monopoly of gold (1) because gold can be freely bought and sold, (2) because, so far from desiring to preserve such a monopoly, bankers endeavour to keep as small a reserve as possible. I find in these statements no answer to the contention that the State prohibition of suitable substitutes for gold give's a monopoly to holders of gold, and renders their commodity dearer than it would otherwise be. Secondly, Mr. Pease stigmatizes as a delusion the idea that the basis of our banking and currency systems is gold. Commercial common sense, says Mr. Pease, is the basis of our currency. It is here that our author begins to wander in the realms of unreality. Reference to any orthodox text-book on currency reveals the undisputed principle that the quantity of gold used in commerce is the measure of the lack of mutual trust between producers. In primitive times, gold and other valuable metals were almost the sole media of exchange. Gradually, however the development of social security, with its concomitant growth of mutual trust, enabled the use of the precious metals to be superseded by paper promises to pay gold to bearer on demand. These notes were freely issued as loans by the early goldsmiths, and circulated wherever there existed confidence that the issuer was a person of integrity, and one likely to confine his loans to such as would repay the debt in due time. In 1844, however, after a series of vicious interferences with the free development of this process, the State virtually abolished the free issue of these circulating promises, with the deplorable result above described. The growing demand of commerce for an adequate supply of exchange medium, however, has found an avenue of escape from the absurdities of this legislation in the direction of cheque issue. Banks still enjoy the right of freedom of cheque issue, and there has been built up a superstructure of non-circulating paper promises to pay gold, so stupendous as literally to make Lord Overstone and other promoters of the 1844 Act turn in their graves could they but witness its present proportions. But the use of gold has only been diminished, not abolished. Whilst it is perfectly true that g8% of present industry is conducted upon paper promises, yet it must never be forgotten (the bankers never do forget it) that the whole of this paper is redeemable into gold at the banks at the will of the holders. The bank reserves consist of gold which belongs to the bank's depositors. As was remarked above, State proscription of note issue enormously increases the demand for gold upon the banks, and the first sign of any inability on the part of the banker to pay gold to those who demand it may bring a line of suspicious depositors to his counter on the following morning to withdraw their gold. By the evening the line has developed into a clamouring crowd. If the bank can satisfy all these people with gold, all well and good ; if not, by the morrow the bank may be ruined, and the community in the throes of financial crisis. Mr. Pease doubts whether any of our great banks would be permitted to go bankrupt to-day : he thinks that the State would step in to avert the catastrophe. Well—passing by the fact that the Birkbeck, quite a decent-sized bank, was permitted to fail, every text-book on banking asserts that a certain gold reserve is kept against the danger of financial crisis. Every text-book on banking also states that bankers continually limit their long-date credit issues to holders of exceedingly valuable security on account of the danger that unforeseen financial crisis may find them possessed of a mass of security not convertible into gold. A gold reserve is a costly luxury, and to refuse the opportunity of making profitable credit advances pains the heart. Does Mr. Pease think that bankers would not be the first to dispose of their gold and extend their credit issues if they thought that Mr. Asquith's powers were a sufficient substitute for a gold reserve? Or is it perhaps that the bankers would consider Mr. Pease a most untrustworthy currency crank? Your glass-house is uncommonly fragile, Mr. Pease. For ages men have been gradually reducing their demands for gold in exchange in proportion to the development of their trust in those who set up as bankers. This was a voluntary development, and could be hastened by no State interference. The legal prohibition of the development of this process in the direction of the issue of circulating paper tokens—bank notes—is a direct and most usual cause of financial crises ; and it is the fear of financial crises which prevents banks from distributing the wealth produced for exchange to those possessors of productive ability who could use the same in fresh production. Hence unemployment, over-competition among wage-earners and consequent low wages. Now, the community is willing to trust its bankers. It is trusting them to-day. The banker has built up his reputation slowly by actual practice ; he risks his own future with every considerable loan made by him. This is the severest school for prudence. But the community has had bitter experience of entrusting its banking to the State. Political jobbery, over-issue, and fraud are outstanding features of the history of State banking, and inflexible bureaucracy the main feature of existing State banks. The monopolistic State bank proposed by Mr. Pease may be practicable when a more ideal breed of men appears; but at present a majority in the community is fearful of entrusting more administrative work to its politicians. The Socialist may have a case for nationalization of industry so long as that is the sole alternative to the present deplorable social system; but the Banking Reform League declares that it is precisely existing legal interference with freedom of contract in the issue and acceptance of exchange medium which is mainly responsible for present evil conditions, and that the abolition of this clumsy legislation will prepare the way for the gradual abolition of other restrictive legislation, such as Factory Acts, compulsory education, Insurance Acts, and c., until the Spencerian ideal of freedom of contract, with the State as mere policeman and the consequent reduction in importance of the politician, is attained. This declaration, together with its supporting fabric of argument, Mr. Pease simply does not touch. Henry Meulen. Correspondence. Note to Correspondents— While quite willing to publish letters under noms de plume, we make it a condition of publication that the name and address of each correspondent should be supplied to the Editor.—Ed. THE INDIVIDUALIST. To the Editor of The New Freewoman. Madam, The Individualist (with a great capital 11 I ") is always talking of 11 the " individual. There is no " the " individual. There are individuals—whose name is legion—but among these each is only " an " individual. The individualist is always thinking of a grown-up individual—and pre-eminently of himself as this individual—and as having been born such an individual. He confounds individuality with personality. He seems unable to realise that each individual is born a child—capable of being trained into anything within the limits of its specialised race heritage—the heritage of vertical evolution; seems unable to realise that the only invincible heredity is that of the type—that personality is entirely the outcome of environment— horizontal evolution. Thus the individualist is seen to live in chimera, wherein is no reality. Max Stirner's greatness, as a supreme individualist, lay only in the colossal poetic imagination which was his specialised race heritage and which his personality perverted into an attempt to envelop the cosmos in chimera. Alice Groff. SANCTITY AND SLUMDOM. Madam, The happenings in Dublin are tragic in the extreme. The conditions of labour—the ghastly sweating, the existence in slumdom—have at length been exposed. As the cruel labour war proceeds a small band of genuine Good Samaritans have come forward to aid the sufferers. The Catholic Priests and Protestant Levites, by no means conscience smitten at having remained quiescent throughout all the years of industrial injustice—having (true to tradition) " passed by on the other side —now suddenlv flame forth in a strenuous effort to discredit those who are working for the starving and crushed : their ire is aroused at the possibility of suffering children being " proselytised " (a palpable fabrication) By the Good Samaritans who have come to succour and save the children. There is sentiment and sentiment, and now that the big-hearted man, who has done most to reveal local industrial iniquities, has been sent to gaol, one recalls that once before Priests " mocked and brought false accusations." Having themselves sanctioned sweating and slumdom, they would shut every door of escape. Truly the righteousness of the Pharisee.! Must it not be exceeded? Otway M'Cannell. - Note. ~ EDITORIAL. Letters, and c, intended for the Editor should be personally addressed : Ainsdale, England. PUBLICATION. All business communications relative to the publication of The New Freewoman should be addressed, and all cheques, postal and money orders, and c, made payable to The New Free-woman Ltd., Oakley House, Bloomsbury Street, London, W.C., and should be crossed 11 Parr's Bank, Bloomsbury Branch." Terms of Subscription.—Yearly, 14/- (U.S.A. 3 dollars 50 cents); Six Months, 7/- (U.S.A., 1 dollar 75 cents); Three Months, 3/6 (U.S.A., 90 cents). Single Copies 7d., post free to any address in the Postal Union. ADVERTISEMENTS. All orders, letters, and c, concerning advertisements should be addressed to the Advertisement Manager, The New Freewoman, Oakley House, Bloomsbury Street, London, W.C. 220 THE   NEW   FREEWOMAN November 15th, 1913. Printed by Robert Johnson and Co., Ltd., 28, Tulketh Street, Southport, and published by the Proprietors, Thb New Freewoman, Ltd., at Oakley House, Bloomsbury Street, London, W.C. Poetry A Magazine of Verse, Endeavours to publish the best poems now written in English ; Reviews and discusses new books and verse: Promotes in every possible way the interests of the art. If you believe that this art, like painting, sculpture, music, and architecture, requires and deserves public recognition and support, subscribe. POETRY, 543, Cass Street, Chicago, U.S.A. Send Poetry for one year ($1.50 enclosed) beginning___________ to Name_ Address_ The Divine Mystery. A READING in the History of Christianity down to the Time of Christ. By ALLEN UPWARD, AUTHOR of THE NEW WORD. The author's New Word is the only work on science and religion that has ever been accepted by both sides. In the present volume the history of religion is presented as the history of science. The story of the Virgin Mother, though only an episode in the narration, will be read with especial interest by reformers of the relation between the sexes. Garden City Press, Letchworth. Price 10s. 6d. It is requested that the work may be ordered through a Bookseller. THE Canzoni of Arnaut Daniel Translated by EZRA POUND. With text and an introduction by him and fac similes of the original music and transpositions made by W;alter Morse Rummel. A limited edition.   Write for prospectus. THE RALPH FLETCHER SEYMOUR CO., Publishers, 1025 Fine Art Bldg.       Chicago, U.S.A. READERS of the New Freewoman are asked to become SUBSCRIBERS. This is the most effectual way of helping the Paper. SUBSCRIPTIONS must be sent to Miss HARRIET SHAW WEAVER, Oakley House Bloomsbury Street, London, W.G. All Cheques, Money Orders and Postal Orders should be crossed "Parr's Bank, Bloomsbury Branch," and made payable to The New Freewoman Ltd. For Terms of Subscription see page 219.