The Crisis THE CRISIS A RECORD OF THE DARKER RACES Volume Four JULY, 1912 Number Three EDUCATIONAL NUMBER ONE DOLLAR A YEAR TEN CENTS A COPY Avery College Training Schools NORTH SIDE, PITTSBURGH, PA. A superior training school for young colored women, thoroughly instructing its students as a means of self-support in dressmaking, cutting and drafting, domestic science, music, nurse training, millinery, and an intermediate English course. This institution is under the influence of no religious denomination, is the oldest endowed chartered Negro institution in America. The accommodations in its dormitory, which is in charge of a competent matron, are excelled by no colored institution in this country. The hospital department offers the same course as the large hospitals of the State of Pennsylvania, fully equipped with its operating rooms, diet kitchen and ambulance service. The course requires three years' lectures on general nursing, anatomy, ethics, surgery, obstetrics, asepsis, antiseptics, gynecology, pediatrics, eye, nose, throat, materia medica, therapeutics and dietetics under a staff of white and colored physicians. Catalogues now ready. Address all communications to JOSEPH D. MAHONEY, Secretary Box 154 North Side, Pittsburgh, Pa. PLAY BALL, BOYS! Last half of the ninth; bases full; score tied and "Casey" at the bat. Get in the game, boys. Organize a baseball team in your city. Baseball is the most popular sport in this country. In every hamlet, town and city may be seen the future "Rube Fosters" and "William Matthews" romping over corner lots, batting, pitching and learning to play the game. Organize your team and get our great baseball outfit for a few hours' work. Our outfit includes 10 Spalding baseball suits with name of club (any color). 10 caps to match. 10 pairs baseball stockings. 1 catcher's mit. 1 first baseman's glove. 3 infielders' gloves. 3 outfielders' gloves. INFORMATION WRITE THE Business Manager of TH E CRISIS 26 VESEY STREET NEW YORK Mention The Crisis. THE CRISIS A RECORD OF THE DARKER RAGES Published by the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, at 26 Vesey Street, New York City. W. E . BURGHARDT D U BOIS. Editor OSWALD GARRISON VILLARD M. D. MACLEAN . Managing Editor FRANK M. TURNER . Circulation Manager Contributing Editors J. MAX BARBER CHARLES EDWARD RUSSELL W. S. BRAITHWAITE ALBON L. HOLSEY . Advertising Manager KELLY MILLER Subscription: $1.00 a year; 50 cents for six months. Foreign subscriptions, 25 cents extra. Subscriptions to begin with current issue or changes of address must reach us before the 15th of the previous month. CONTENTS FOR JULY PAGE ALONG THE COLOR LINE 111 MEN OF THE MONTH 118 OPINION 121 NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE 12S EDITORIAL 129 THE YEAR IN COLORED COLLEGES 133 THE MONTESSORI METHOD. By Jessie Fauset 136 THE FAITHS OF THE TEACHERS. By G. S. Dickerman 139 THE WHITE MAN'S BURDEN. Poem. By Charles S. Nutter, D. D 142 GENERAL EVARISTO ESTENOZ. By Arthur A. Schomburg 143 PROTECTION 144 WOMEN'S CLUBS. A Social Center at Hampton. By A. W. Hunton 145 HISTORIC DAYS IN JULY. By L. M. Hershaw 146 THE BURDEN 147 "I MET A LITTLE BLUE-EYED GIRL." Poem. By Bertha Johnston... 147 LETTER BOX 148 Agents wanted who can furnish references. Entered as second-class matter in the P. O. at N. Y. City THE CRISIS ADVERTISER OF INTEREST TO VOCAL STUDENTS Tone Placing and Voice Development Practical method of singing for daily practice, based upon artistic principles, together with a carefully prepared number of exercises, forming a comprehensive, progressive and self-explained course in voice building, which constitute the technical side of the vocal art. From "Musical Courier," N. Y.: A very practical little book is "Tone Placing and Voice Development/' by Pedro T. Tinsley. As the preface says: "It is for daily practice, based upon artistic principles, including a course in the art of breathing, structure of the vocal apparatus, hearing the voice, together with a carefully prepared number of vocal exercises, forming a comprehensive, progressive and self-explained course of voice building." Written by Pedro T. Tinsley, conductor of the Choral Club of Chicago, and a man who has had many years' experience in teaching voice. It contains some very excellent material and vocal exercises, and should be in the hands of all vocal students. Price $1. Address the publisher: PEDRO T. TINSLEY 6448 Drexel Avenue CHICAGO, ILL or Clayton P. Summy, 220 Wabash Avenue, and Lyon &amp; Healy, Adams &amp; Wabash, Chicago, Ill. " A noteworthy book of the epoch." The Souls of Black Folk By W. E. BURGHARDT DU BOIS Eighth Edition "It is one of the noteworthy books, not merely of a year, but of the epoch. Its every page is filled with vigor, spon taneity and spirituality." — Boston Transcript. " A stripping bare of the moral and mental anatomy of the African in Amer ica so as to reveal the naked soul in its primitive simplicity, seared and scarred by ages of suffering."—New York Age. With Author's Portrait, $1.20 Net At book stores or from the publishers A. C. McCLURG &amp; CO. CHICAGO The NEGRO AND THE ELECTIVE FRANCHISE No. 11. Occasional Papers AMERICAN NEGRO ACADEMY An Opinion Worth While. "I find more patriotism and statesmanship in this pamphlet by colored men than in all the contributions made on the subject by white men since the Civil War." A. E . Pillsbury. Inclose 35 cents to J. W. C R O M WE L L 1439 Swans Street. N. W. Washington. D. C. PUBLICATIONS A M. £. Book Concern Philadelphia, Pa. TEE POEMS OP PHILLIS WHEATLEY. Reprint of first edition 1773; a valuable book. Price. $1.00. THE NEGRO PROBLEM. An analysis: What It Is Not and What It Is; by R. R. Wright, Jr. In pamphlet form, 15 cents. THE COLORED REGULARS. By T.O. Steward, Chaplain U. S. A., retired. Price, $1.50. EVOLUTION AND LIFE. By Algernon B. Jackson, Surgeon-in-chief Mercy Hospital. Price, 75 cents. THE NEGRO IN PENNSYLVANIA. A Study in Economic History. By R. R. Wright, Jr., Sometime Research Fellow in Sociology in the University of Pennsylvania. Price, Paper, $2.00; Cloth, $2.50. Address A. M. E. BOOK CONCERN 631 Pine Street. Philadelphia, P a Atlanta University Studies of the Negro Problems 15 Monographs. Sold Separately. Address: A, G. DILL Atlanta University, Atlanta, Ga. GREAT CALAMITY IN PHILADELPHIA SOCIETY "Who's Who in Philadelphia" Latest and greatest book of the season. Biographic sketches and cuts of leading colored citizens, with illustrations of their principal institutions, and other valuable information. 208 pages. By Charles Fred. White, author of "PLEA OF THE NEGRO SOLDIER " and a hundred other poems. Introduction by Dr. R. R. Wright, Jr. PRICE, $2.00 Chas. Fred White 1508 Lombard Street, Philadelphia Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER FORWARD MARCH YOUR SON OFF TO Wilberforce University The only school in the country for Negro Youth which has a Military Department equipped by the National Government, and commanded by a detailed United States Army Officer. DEPARTMENTS MILITARY SCIENTIFIC NORMAL TECHNICAL COMMERCIAL THEOLOGICAL CLASSICAL MUSICAL PREPARATORY Banking taught by the actual operations in the Students' Savings Bank. Twelve Industries, 180 acres of beautiful campus, Ten Buildings. Healthful surroundings, exceptional community. Maintained in part by the State of Ohio which supplies facilities for the thorough training of teachers. Fall term begins September, 1912. Write for Catalog. W. S. SCARBOROUGH, President WM. A. JOINER, Superintendent, C. N. I. Department. Address all communications to BOX 36 WILBERFORCE, OHIO Atlanta University Is beautifully located in the City of Atlanta, Ga. The courses of study include High School, Normal School and College, with manual training and domestic science. Among the teachers are graduates of Yale, Harvard, Dartmouth, Smith and Wellesley. Forty-one years of successful work have been completed. Students come from all parts of the South. Graduates are almost universally successful. For further information address President EDWARD T. WARE ATLANTA. GA. Knoxville College Beautiful Situation, Healthful Location The Best Moral and Spiritual Environment A Splendid Intellectual Atmosphere Noted for Honest and Thorough Work Offers full courses in the following departments: College, Normal, High School, Grammar School and Industrial. Good water, steam heat, electric lights, good drainage. Expenses very reasonable. Opportunity for Self-help- Fall Term Begins September, 1912. For information address President R. W. McGranahan KNOXVILLE, TENN. Virginia Union University RICHMOND, VA. A College Department, of high standards and modern curriculum. A Theological Department, with all subjects generally required in the best theological seminaries. An Academy, with manual training, giving a preparation for life or for college. The positive moral and religious aim of the school, its high standards of entrance and of class work, its fine new buildings and well-equipped laboratories and library prepare a faithful student for a life of wide usefulness. GEORGE RICE HOVEY, President Fisk University NASHVILLE, TENN. The largest colored college in the South. A new department of sociology and social service. A notable equipment in land and buildings. Endorsed by the General Edu cation Board. For information address GEORGE A. GATES, President Mention TH E CRISIS. TH E CRISIS ADVERTISER "Our Heroes of Destiny" Honorables Frederick Douglass, John M . Langston, Blanche K. Bruce, Paul Laurence Dunbar and Booker T. Washington I desire to thank the readers of TH E CRISI S and my large number of friends for their very enthusiastic support and appreciation of the Special Edition of "OU R HEROE S O F DESTINY. " POPULA R EDITIO N While the orders for the Special Edition have been most gratifying, there has been a constant demand for a cheaper one. In response to these numerous requests I am glad to announce that a Popular Edition is on the press. In producing this Edition there is neither a sacrifice of quality nor workmanship, as I was fortunate in securing a specially processed paper, which will defy even the eyes of an expert in distinguishing it from the Special Edition. The price of the Popular Edition is fifty cents, postpaid. The Special Edition, which is on JAPA N VELLUM , will, by no means, be discontinued, and those of the particular sort who desire may have one forwarded to them for One Dollar, postpaid. INDIVIDUA L PORTRAIT S The Individual Portraits are beautiful gravures, 11 by 14 inches, handsomely mounted and ready for framing. Price, fifty cents. A partial list of those now ready includes: Frederick Douglass Booker T. Washington Mrs. Booker T. Washington Blanche K . Bruce John M . Langston W. E. B . Du Bois This illustration is protected by copyright. Any infringement Paul Laurence Dunbar will be prosecuted Rev. C T. Walker Judson W. Lyons "OU R HEROE S O F DESTINY " T. Thomas Fortune TESTIMONIALS Rev. Dr. R. C. Ransom, New York City, says: children of their homes the meaning of the "Your splendid production of 'Our Heroes lives of these five men." of Destiny' marks the era of perpetuating characteristic and faithful likenesses of the Mrs. B. K. Bruce, Washington, D. C , says: famous men and women of our own race, to "I am indeed glad to say that 'Our Heroes be handed down to younger generations, inspir of Destiny' is the most creditable work of art that has yet been produced of and for our ing them with ideals which if carefully nurtured people. The life likeness of the entire group in their young lives will in their mature ages is exceedingly good. It is a fitting memorial prove excellent examples of pure and dignified worthy to be in every home. manhood and womanhood. "If we are to perpetuate the memories of "No home where there is a child should be our own great men, it must be by keeping without a copy of this excellent work, and no their portraits ever before our youth, and parent that feels the love and loyalty of higher familiarizing them with the true meaning of race development should fail to teach the their lives." AGENTS —Her e is a proposition that will net you a substantial monthly income, whether you devote all or spare time to it. M y extensive advertising; creating a demand for these pictures, insures quick sales, and their superior quality makes each purchaser a satisfied customer. YO U would be interested to know how I train my agents by correspondence and make them successful salesmen. Write for particulars. C.M.BatteyArtistandPublisher 322 Mott Avenue New York City Mention TH E CRISIS. TH E CRISIS Volume Four JULY, 1912 Number Three ALONG THE COLOR LINE EDUCATION. J. PIERPONT MORGAN has offered to give the last $25,000 of the endowment fund which Fisk University is endeavoring to raise. About $135,000 remains to be subscribed. *I In Philadelphia a citizens' committee charges that the 2,000 colored American children of school age are discriminated against and segregated in the public schools. They say that not only are colored children refused admission to certain schools and made to walk long distances, but even in the same school some colored children have not a proper supply of the text books. Some, while in the same room with other children, are placed on one side of the room by themselves ; others in the same building are placed in a separate room, where one teacher attempts to teach several grades; in other instances the colored children are placed in an annex which is badly located, unsanitary and overcrowded, while the parent building is large and well ventilated, with unoccupied rooms, sufficient to accommodate colored children who have been taken out of this building and placed in said annex. The colored people are threatening to take the matter to court unless their request for a colored member of the school board is granted. &lt;I The commencement honors in Northern colleges include two colored doctors of philosophy mentioned elsewhere, a commencement speaker, John Arnett Mitchell, at Bowdoin, and numbers of athletic honors. •J In the grammar schools' oratorical contests at Hillburn, N. Y., out of seven contestants Cecelia E. Gunner, a colored girl, won first prize and Ira Smith, a colored boy, won second prize. fl A chorus of twenty-six Hampton students is making a summer trip for the purpose of raising money for the institution. They will camp in tents and will tour eight States. «3 One hundred and eighty-four graduates were awarded diplomas and certificates at the thirty-seventh anniversary exercises at Tuskegee Institute. Major R. R. Moten delivered the address and several thousand people were present. Twenty thousand people saw the annual competitive drill of the Washington Colored High Schools. Company A, Captain A. C. Logan, of the M Street High School, was declared the winner. Dr. W. P. Thirkield has resigned the presidency of Howard University to become a bishop of the Methodist Episcopal Church. Among those who have been spoken of to succeed him are Kelly Miller and George W. Cook. During Dr. Thirkield's incumbency of the presidency he has secured four large buildings, a central heating plant, increased equipment for all departments and large appropriations from Congress. &lt;J Among the summer schools for colored teachers to be held during vacation are those at Hampton, Knoxville, Manassas and Nashville. THE CRISIS ^ Representative Jones, of Virginia, has been seeking to have the appropriation of $15,000 for the support of Indian pupils of Hampton restored to the appropriation bill. He said among other things: "I have heard it whispered around that there were Negroes educated at the Hampton school as well as Indians. I wish to say in respect to this that whilst this is true, it is also true that the Negro students and the Indians occupy different dormitories and are not even brought together in the mess halls. "The Indians have never objected to the presence of Negroes at this school. No complaint has ever come from the white inhabitants of Hampton and the State of Virginia has never withheld from this school her bounty because Indians and Negroes met together in the lecture halls and shops and on the experimental farms. Moreover, in the space of a third of a century this is the first time this argument has been advanced here in support of the proposition to take from the Indians the very best educational facilities they have ever enjoyed. There has never been the slightest friction between the two races in all these years at Hampton. They are not brought together in the dormitories or in the dining rooms, and there has never beeen complaint on the part of any Indian because of the fact that they meet in the classrooms, the shops and the fields." The amendment was lost, however. POLITICAL. AT the second annual session of the Ar kansas Suffrage League nearly 800 colored men were in attendance. They elected J. E. Bush president and G. W. Hayman secretary. Col. John R. Lynch, a retired paymaster of the United States Arm y and former member of the United States House of Representatives from Mississippi, availed himself recently of his right to a seat on the floor at the House. The Georgia doorkeeper wished to prevent him, but Speaker Clark admitted him. *3 The Iowa papers are conceding that George H . Woodson, a colored lawyer of Buxton will probably go to the legislature. V There was a single colored delegate at the Socialist National Convention held in Indianapolis in May, Mr. S. C. Garrison of Montpelier, Ind. Mr. Garrison's career as a Socialist has been an interesting one. He joined the party in 1897, while a minister in the A. M. E. Church. When holding a charge at Muncie, Ind., he held Socialist meetings in the Baptist and Methodist PRESIDENT TAFT VISITING THE GEORGIA STATE INDUSTRIAL SCHOOL He Is Shaking Hands with President R. B. Wright, Sr. ALONG THE Churches. This, however, proved displeasing to the white employers of colored labor in the town, and the colored men, becoming fearful of losing their positions, compelled him to desist. He was asked to take charge of a small colored congregation in Montpelier, Ind., and when, owing to economic changes, his congregation moved away from the place, the white Socialists, whom he had organized into a local, begged him to remain. They made him an organizer and he was then able to devote his whole time to Socialism. He is organizer in the States of Ohio, Indiana and Illinois, and he was sent as a delegate to the convention chiefly by white Socialists. 4 Atlantic City has decided to adopt the commission form of government. At a recent primary election ten candidates for the five commissionships were nominated. Dr. N. L. Hawkins, a colored physician, was second on the list. &lt;I Both Houses of Congress have finally agreed to submit to the States an amendment to the Constitution providing for the direct election of United States Senators. The attempt to forbid the control of these elections by the United States was defeated. It will be remembered that a year ago this question aroused discussion in regard to Negro disfranchisement, the South fearing that i f the United States has the right to control elections colored men might be allowed to vote. 9 At the Democratic primaries in the District of Columbia it is charged that colored voters were debarred from voting. THE CHURCH. AT the General Conference of the M . E . Church steps were taken to lay before the annual conferences a proposition permitting racial bishops to be elected. The colored delegates, being unable to elect a Negro bishop at present, threw their strength to the election of President W. P. Thirkield of Howard. I. Garland Penn was elected secretary of the Freedmen's Ai d Society to succeed Dr. M. C. B. Mason, who has held that position for the last sixteen years. The General Conference adopted resolutions commending Dr. Mason's services in the highest terms. &lt;J At the conference of the Zion Church no new bishops were elected, but considerable constructive legislation was passed. «I At the General Conference of the A. M. E. Church four bishops were elected: Rev. COLOR LINE John E. Hurst of Washington, D. C, formerly financial secretary; Rev. J . M . Conner of Arkansas, Rev. Joshua H . Jones of Ohio and Rev. W. D. Chappelle of South Carolina. Rev. R. C. Ransom was made editor of the Review and R. R. Wright, Jr., editor of the Recorder; J. L. Hawkins, financial secretary; J. W. Rankin, missionary secretary; J. I. Lowe, manager of book concern, and Ira Bryant, manager of the Sunday-school Union. Bishop H . M . Turner, the veteran senior bishop, was retired. &lt;I The Rev. D. L. Ferguson, colored rector of the Church of Our Merciful Saviour, at Louisville, Ky. , has been selected to preach the annual sermon before the Episcopal Council of the Diocese of Kentucky next year. Nearly all the ministers of this council are Southern white men. &lt;1 The thirty-eighth annual convention of the New England Baptist Missionary Association was held in Orange, N . J., June 11 to 13. One thousand delegates attended. MEETINGS. THE national board of the Y. W. C. A., under the direction of Mrs. W. A. Hun- ton, held its first conference of colored workers in New York City last month. Among the speakers were Mrs. B. K. Bruce, Mrs. Betty Francis and Miss Hallie Q. Brown. Plans for a new building in New York to cost $100,000 were announced. *i The eighth biennial meeting of the National Association of Colored Women's Clubs will convene at Hampton Institute July 23 to 27. Miss Elizabeth C. Carter of New Bedford is president and Miss Ida R. Cummings, 1234 Druid Hill Avenue, Baltimore, Md., is secretary. Report blanks can be had of the secretary. A large attendance is expected. •I The annual meeting of the Iowa Federation of Colored Women's Clubs was held in Des Moines. (| A Y. M . C. A . conference of colored students, with delegates from twenty-eight leading schools, was held for ten days at Kings Mountain, N . C. •I The seventeenth Atlanta conference for study of Negro problems was held at Atlanta University. The printed volume of last year's report on the "Common School and the Negro-American," a volume of 140 pages, THE CRISIS TWO SCENES FROM 1 'MIDSUMMER'S NIGHT'S DREAM' was distributed at the conference. This year the subject of the "Negro Artisan" was taken up. Q The third annual session of the Pan-Missouri Colored Medical Association was attended by sixty-five colored physicians. SOCIAL UPLIFT. ON May 19 the gangplank of the steam ship "Flyer" broke while she was moored at her dock in Seattle, and sixty persons were thrown into the water. A little black boy who was on the wharf polishing shoes rushed down to the ship when he heard the cries and, throwing off his clothes, plunged overboard without a moment's hesitation. "I declare to you," said one of the passengers who saw the thing, "I never saw such a beautiful sight in my life as that black - skinned little shaver making himself ready to save those struggling, helpless women and babies in the water. Everybody cheered him when he made his first dive, and when he made his second there was another NEWTON cheer — but a cheer that sounded like a choking prayer fluttering fearfully out of a hundred appalled hearts. He was not the only hero, of course, but some way, when I hear of heroes after this, 'I shall always have a picture in my mind of a black youngster stripping himself and diving into the water after drowning women and children." The boy, whose name is Newton Johns, saved four persons who were about to drown and was "the conspicuous hero" of the disaster. The mayor sought him out and warmly congratulated him. &lt;J The Louisville National Medical College, after twenty-four years' existence, has been closed, not being able to come up to the requirements of the Kentucky State Board of Health. &lt;i The Washington Dramatic Club, of which Mrs. Anna J. Cooper is director, recently gave Shakespeare's "Midsummer's Night's Dream" at the Howard Theatre. Mrs. Julia Wormley McAdoo and Miss Louise Europe helped in the production. 9 The Southern Sociological Congress at its Nashville meeting declared that the congress should plan among other things "the solving. of the race problem in a spirit of helpfulness to the Negro and with equal justice to both races." Among the speakers was one colored man, Dr. George L. Haynes, of Fisk University. The University Commission of Southern Race Questions, composed of eleven representatives of Southern white State universities, has been permanently organized, with Professor C. H . Brough, of the University of Arkansas, JOHNS as chairman. •I Cleveland Evans, a colored man, nearly lost his life in rescuing a white woman from drowning at Augusta, Ga. ECONOMICS. A COLORED man is about to build a $5,000 restaurant on Druid Hill Avenue, Baltimore. «J The colored Y . M . C. A . building of Washington, D. C , which cost $100,000, has just been opened on 12th Street. Secretary of War Stimson delivered the dedicatory ALONG THE COLOR LINE AS GIVEN BY THE WASHINGTON DRAMATIC CLUB address. The cornerstone was laid by ex-President Roosevelt in 1907. The building is four stories high with a basement; in the basement is a barber shop, swimming pool and Turkish bath; on the first floor are the reading rooms and parlors, lodge rooms, committee rooms and gymnasium; on the second floor is an assembly hall, boys' department, classrooms and offices; the third and fourth floors are occupied by forty-four dormitories. PERSONAL. HOWARD DREW, the young colored ath lete who defeated Craig, the Michigan sprinter, at the 100-meter distance in the fast time of ten and four-fifth seconds, hails from Virginia, and now lives in Springfield, Mass. Drew is a good baseball and football player, and was captain of last year's track team and this year's track team at Springfield High School. He won for his high school last year the New England interscholastic championship at the Harvard Stadium, and this year won three first places in the scholastic meet at Dartmouth, two firsts at Yale scholastic games, and was. timed nine and four-fifth seconds for the 100-yard dash at Amherst. Representing the South Boston Athletic Club last year in the New England A. A. U. championships, Drew won the 100-yard dash in ten seconds and the 220-yard dash in twenty-one and four-fifth seconds, a new record for the games. Running for New England, at the A . A . U . national championships at Pittsburgh, he won the junior championship of the United States in the 100-yard dash, and also a place in the Canadian championships at Montreal, after being put one yard behind scratch for false starting. Drew has been chosen on the American Olympic team for the Stockholm games. Theodore Cable, the champion hammer thrower of Harvard, stands a chance of being elected captain of the varsity track team. &lt;I Jackson Gordon, for fourteen years messenger in the offices of the board of assessors in Chicago, is dead. &lt;I Mrs. Emeline Jones, who died June 9, was a well-known New York caterer. President Arthur offered her the position to cook at the White House, but she refused; she was patronized by the rich people of New York and was the originator of "Saratoga chips." *&amp; Thomas McKnight, once collector of the port of Tampa, Fla., is dead. &lt;I Richard Allen, for twenty-six years an employee of the First National Bank of Kansas City, Mo., has carried millions of dollars of the bank's funds. He is commissioned as deputy policeman and has the absolute confidence of the bank. 9 Mr. Caseley Hayford Barrister, at Law, Gold Coast, Africa, who has been in England for the past two months on important business in connection with native affairs in that colony, is returning home to begin work on a "Life of Dr. Edward Wilmot Blyden." This duty was imposed on him by Dr. Blyden, when he visited the coast some years ago. Mr. Hayford will be grateful to any friends of Dr. Blyden, in America, who can furnish him with reminiscences or any data for this work. Mr. Hayford's address is Anona Chambers, Sekondi," Gold Coast, Africa. THE GHETTO. THE movement to keep Negroes from buying property in desirable sections in cities is moving pn apace. In Mooresville, N. C, Mr. A. Coble, who had been owning land on McLelland Avenue for four years, 116 	THE COURTS 	started to build a house. Immediately the town passed the following ordinance: . "Ordinance No. 62, of the town of Mooresville, N . C. It shall be unlawful for any person or corporation to move or cause to be moved any colored person or family into any house in the town of Mooresville, N . C , within the boundaries hereinafter set out, which is not at this time occupied by persons of the colored race, and any violation of this ordinance shall constitute a misdemeanor, and upon conviction such person or persons or corporation so offending shall be fined $50 for each offense, and each and every day such colored person or persons shall be allowed to occupy any house in said boundaries as above specified shall constitute a separate offense." J. E . BROWN, Mayor. E. C. DEATON, Clerk. May 1, 1912. *3I In Greenville, S. C, Goldsmith Brothers, colored grocers, bought property on North Main Street for $65,000. Immediately the city council passed an ordinance to forbid the ownership of property by Negroes in white districts. In Richmond, Va., Henry Baker was fined $100 and costs for occupying a dwelling on Ashland Street, where white residents predominate. Baker has appealed. In St. Louis, Mo., the West End Association are trying to have a city segregation ordinance passed. Denver, by means of mass meetings, is trying to stop the sale of property to colored people in certain sections. •J In Jonesborough, Ark., and Clovis, N. M., attempts have been made to drive out Negro laborers. *3 A t Charlotte, N . C , the employment of a Negro foreman over a squad of Negro workers caused forty-five white employees to strike. *I Colored railway mail clerks in the South are objects of jealousy and attack. Recently such a clerk was run away from Clarkesdale, Miss., another was assaulted at Meridian, Miss., and later W. A. McAlpin, a colored man, was beaten by fifteen white men on his first run to Laurel, Miss. «I The colored soldiers of Fort Russell, Wyoming, have been protesting against the language used by certain' theatrical companies ; the manager of the theatre has promised to be careful. CRISIS THE United States Supreme Court has set aside the decree of the Supreme Court of Georgia, which enjoined colored men from incorporating a lodge in that State under the name of the Knights of Pythias. Chief Justice White announced the opinion. This decision is far reaching in its effect, as there has been a general movement throughout the Southern States to restrain the Negroes from using the names or emblems, of the white orders. The Georgia court based its decision on the rules of law which protect the public against unfair trade methods. Justice Holmes and Justice Lurton dissented. Chief Justice White held that there was no evidence to show that the colored lodges had injured their white namesakes in any way, and inasmuch as the Negroes had maintained their organization without complaint from the whites for more than twenty years, their membership having • attained 300,000, the white lodges were guilty of laches and could not be heard to complain in a court of equity under such circumstances. «J The Court of Appeals of the State of New York has decided that the colored order of Elks cannot use the name "Elks," but may use the insignia, colors and ritual. &lt;I In Shreveport, La., City Judge Blanchard announced from the bench that the sworn testimony of a Negro would not be given credence in preference to that of a white man, whether the white man was on trial or not. *I The colored citizens of Shreveport, La., in a public meeting set forth the following recent cases of murder and oppression: "The half-witted man taken from the officers in the West End at high noon, and lynched, not quite two years ago. The man who for years had worked for the city, sweeping its streets, and bore the reputation of a peaceful and law-abiding citizen, was clubbed to death by a peace preserver of the law. The man killed by a conductor on the street car. The two innocent men shot down by officers in the West End. The man Miles, lynched only a few weeks ago, said to be by unknown parties. The indiscriminate shooting by officers for any and every cause and the wilful violation of the Hunsicker law. ALONG THE COLOR LINE "How long can we follow the pursuits of life with safety or shall we seek safety in flight ? W e have waited patiently to see the men committing these crimes brought to justice, and their guilt or innocence established. Our people are so often beaten and clubbed by the officers that they are afraid and have a horror of being arrested, and invariably break to run and are shot down. There is nothing left for us to do but appeal to our white friends and fellow citizens for better consideration." CRIME. THE following lynchings have occurred since our last report: Dan. Davis burned at the stake at Tyler, Tex.; he was accused of criminal assault on a white woman. This is the fourth Negro lynched in Tyler in the last few years. At Valdosta, Ga., a Negro, Emanuel, is said to have been killed and thrown into the river for shooting at a white man who was not killed. At Nashville, Tenn., J. Samuels, a colored man charged with attacking a white woman, was shot to death. A t Salisbury, Md., a number of curious stories have been sent out. A colored farmhand was accused of attacking the daughter of a farmer; then the charge was that he had attacked her several times, but the fact had not been reported. A n attempt was made to lynch the man, but he was taken by the sheriff to Baltimore. A well-known white citizen of Baltimore writes us as follows: "I find that the extent and excitement of the mob was greatly exaggerated. A gentleman from the county says that the case of assault Was not very clear; you can see for yourself there is something a little peculiar about it." &lt;J Three Negroes hanged in Florida declared to the very last that they were not guilty of the crime charged against them. Richardson, who killed two white men in self-defense, and whose story was told in the last December number of TH E CRISIS, has been sentenced to be hanged. &lt;I Negroes have been killed by policemen at New Orleans, Savannah, Louisville, Memphis, Florence, Ala., and Des Moines, Ia. «I White men have killed Negroes at Oxford, N . C , Rocky Mount, N . C , Memphis, Tenn., Beaumont, Tex., and Winston-Salem, N . C. «J There have been two attempts at lynching in New York City and another in New York State. MUSIC AND ART. A CONCERT took place May 29 at the ** • New Twelfth Baptist Church in Boston, Mass. Mr. Mellville Charlton, the organist of New York, presented an effective program. Mrs. Jessie E. Shaw, a pianist, assisted Mr. Charlton. &lt;I On May 17 the Chaminade Music Club, composed of amateur and professional musicians . of Boston, Mass., presented the operetta " A Nautical Knot." The production was under the direction of Miss Mary Page, a colored vocal student at the New England Conservatory of Music. &lt;I A t the ceremonies connected with the placing of his bust in the opera house at Cairo, Egypt, Camille Saint-Saens, the French composer, conducted his symphonic poem "Africa." The themes of the composition, written for piano and orchestra, show the unusual scale progression and original rhythms of the Negro folk song. «I On May 27, in Chicago, Ill., the Choral Study Club of Chicago, before a large audience, presented S. Coleridge-Taylor's "Blind Girl of Castle Guille" and Cowan's "St. John's Eve," under the direction of Mr. Pedro T. Tinsley, conductor. The soloists were Mrs. Virginia Greene and Mrs. Martha B. Anderson, soprani; Mrs. Clara K. Williams, contralto; Mr. George L. Johnson, tenor; Mr. T. Theodore Taylor, baritone. The Music News of Chicago gives credit to the soloists for their excellent work, and to the accompanists, Mrs. Pelagie Blair and Miss M . Gertrude Jackson, who assisted the orchestra. The reviewer writes: "The chorus and soloists seemed to enter thoroughly into the spirit of this cantata and the bright and tuneful music, as well as the more serious-choruses, were sung with fine effect. Especially impressive was the closing chorus with its sombre coloring 'a la cortege,' emphasized by the majesty of the organ accompaniment." It is to be regretted that Mr. Tinsley, who has been ill this spring, will be unable to continue as conductor of the Choral Study Club next season. &lt;J Miss Helen Eugenia Hagan of New Haven, Conn., who finishes her course this year at the Yale School of Music, was awarded on May 24 the Samuel Sanford fellowship, which provides for two years' study abroad. CHARLES L. MITCHELL THE colored race lost a famous fighter in the month of May, when Charles L. Mitchell died at his home in Roxbury, Mass. Born in Hartford, Conn., in 1829, of a well-known colored family, he went to work as a THE LATE CHARLES L. MITCHELL printer in Boston, in 1853, and found congenial employment on William Lloyd Garrison's Liberator. He worked with the great abolitionist until the Civil War broke out, but he enlisted with the Fifty-fifth Massachusetts Regiment as soon as the colored men were called on. He had a remarkable record for bravery in the war. He was camp printer for a time; he begged, however, to be sent to the firing line and took part in the battle of Honey Hill, in which one-third of the force engaged was killed. His foot was taken off by a cannon shot, but they told the story of how, when he was being carried bleeding from the field, he sat upright on the stretcher to cheer a regiment that went by to make an- MEN OF THE MONTH other charge. The incident was widely commented on at the time and shortly afterward he received a second lieutenancy, one of the few colored men to be thus honored. Returning to Boston with what Wendell Phillips called "that added grace, the halting which is the stateliest step of the soldier," he was elected to the legislature by a handsome majority, and he was also given a post in the customs house, which he held for forty-three years. He took a prominent part in the life of the city and was in close touch with all movements for the betterment of his race. He was one of the pallbearers at the funeral of Mr. Garrison, and served as one of the five members of General N . P. Hallowell's staff when the Robert Gould Shaw monument was unveiled. When the Cuban War broke CHARLES BURROUGHS MEN OF THE MONTH GEORGE E. HAYNES out he was so active in organizing the colored Company L of the Sixth Massachusetts that his injured leg sent him again to the hospital and he suffered another amputation, so that he was as truly wounded in Cuba's cause as he had been when he fought for the freedom of the slave. Mr. Mitchell married Miss Nellie Brown of Dover, N . H. , who is well known as a musician and who survives him. CHARLES BURROUGHS. MR. CHARLES BURROUGHS, who was born in Galveston, Tex., in 1875, has a unique record. For three years he has lectured on Shakespeare under the New York Board of Education, speaking to audiences in every borough of the greater city and achieving a remarkable success. Mr. Burroughs had to leave school at the age of fourteen, but that did not incline him to give up thoughts of further education, and he managed to enter Wilberforce University and graduate from it in 1897. By that time, however, he had become convinced that his future lay in the field of vocal expression, and he entered the Boston School of Expression where he studied for a year. A t the beginning of his career as a public reader he followed the lines of the familiar dramatic type, but in 1906 he determined to emphasize the interpretative and educational phases of his work, and in recent years his appearances have been largely before college and academic audiences. Mr. Lewis F. Mott, of the department of English in the College of the City of New York, has lectured together with Mr. Burroughs, and he wrote to the department of education that he found the audience, which had listened to him with patience, got what it wanted when Mr. Burroughs rose. "His readings of many passages I cannot easily forget," he said, in speaking of Mr. Burroughs' interpretation of "Macbeth." "They were, in my humble judgment, superb." TWO DOCTORS OF PHILOSOPHY. THE commencements of 1912 have seen two colored men receive the degree of doctor of philosophy, Columbia University conferring it on Mr. George Edmund Haynes and Harvard on Mr. C. G. Woodson. Mr. Haynes was born in Pine Bluff, Ark., in 1880. He attended the Richard Allen Institute in his native town, the Agricultural and Mechanical College at Normal, Ala., and then entered the preparatory school at Fisk University. He received his A. B. degree from Fisk in 1903. He had worked nearly every step of his educational way, but he determined to go on and won a tuition C. G. WOODSON TH E CRISIS scholarship at Yale, earning the money necessary for his board and lodging in various ways. He received an A . M . • degree from Yale in 1904. From 1905 to 1908 he was a traveling secretary for the International Committee of the Young Men's Christian Association; from 1908 to 1910 he held a fellowship of the Bureau of Social Research of the New York School of Philanthropy and studied at Columbia University, where .he has now taken his doctorate with a thesis on "The Negro at Work in New York City," a subject on which he is an authority. Since 1910 Dr. Haynes has been professor of social science at Fisk University and director of the National League on Urban Conditions Among Negroes, with headquarters in New York City. The league is composed of white and colored persons, and has various purposes uniting, indeed, three organizations in one. It seeks to promote and to do constructive and preventive social work for improving the social and economic conditions among Negroes in cities; to bring coordination and co-operation among existing agencies, and to develop other agencies when necessary; to make such studies in urban centers as may be necessary for the objects mentioned, and last, although perhaps most important, to train social workers. The training of such workers in the best theory and practice of social work is, in the opinion of the league and its director, "the very foundation stone for work among the Negro people." C. G. Woodson, the second doctor of philosophy, was born in Virginia in 1875, but he grew to manhood in West Virginia, working in the coal mines to purchase a home and to defray the expenses of his secondary education, which poverty had delayed. In 1896 he finished the course of the Douglass High School of Huntington, W. Va., and entered Berea College the following academic year. After doing a little less than three years of work at this institution he left college to teach, and in 1900 was chosen principal of the high school, of which he had been a student four years earlier. Availing himself of the opportunities for summer work, he completed his college course at the University of Chicago, receiving the degree of bachelor of arts. His professors testify that he did his work with distinction and praise him for his honorable career. "He has never held a position," says one, "which he could not get again, if it were vacant." Dr. Woodson is a man of unusual experience. In 1903 he was appointed supervisor of schools in the Philippines, where he served three years. Setting out from the Philippines, he completed his tour around the world, traveling in Asia, Africa and Europe. In 1907 he was a student at the Sorbonne, in Paris, working in the department of history. When he returned to the United States he entered the graduate .school of the University of Chicago, from which he received the degree of master of arts in 1908. He next went to Harvard to continue his graduate work in history and political science as a candidate for the degree of doctor of philosophy. Having by 1909 completed the work in residence required for this degree, he accepted the position of instructor in modern languages in the Washington High Schools, that he might have access to the Library of Congress to write a doctor's dissertation. His thesis is "The Disruption of Virginia," a study in the economic and constitutional history of that State from its founding as a colony to its dissolution in 1861. It is a careful inquiry into the peculiar geographic conditions of the State, the heterogeneity of its people, and the influence of slavery as factors in causing the estrangement of Western Virginia from the other portion of the Old Dominion. a The Cleveland Plain Dealer of March 26 had the following editorial: "One of the honor pupils at East High School, just announced, is the same colored girl who won the spelling victory at the National Educational Conference in this city in 1908: It will be remembered how scandalized certain Southern contestants were because a girl of Negro blood was permitted to compare her talents with theirs. Some of them were inclined to believe that Cleveland put the girl upon the program primarily for the purpose of embarrassing visitors from the South. "The publication of the honor list shows that Miss Bolden is not only a good speller, but a capable all-round student. The prominence attained four years ago was won on merit and the struggle did not end with that triumph. The South ought to read the new chapter of Miss Bolden's career." We have honored our cover page with a picture of this charming young lady. OPINION "THIEVES," "LIARS" AND so FORTH. Reading that section of the Republican press which demands the nomination of President Taft, one is interested to discover that tens of thousands of dollars are being spent by Roosevelt to buy up the colored delegates to the national convention at Chicago. Reading the section of the press which maintains that Roosevelt alone can save the country, it is thrilling to find that by the reckless expenditure of money Taft is securing the co-operation of the same delegates. No sooner has one made up one's mind as to the source of corruption than another newspaper arrives with convincing proof just the other way. Mr. McKinley, the Taft chairman, declares that Roosevelt got the colored vote of Maryland by open purchase. The Roosevelt men say this is "a diabolical lie," and that anyone who repeats it is "an unqualified liar." The Charleston News and Courier, looking on at the fight, remarks: "Both Roosevelt and Taft are now exerting their efforts to convince the black politicians that the one is the greater friend to them than the other. The purchasable and corrupt delegations, which represent nothing but themselves, have in the course of events become the arbiters of the convention fight. On them the issue of the contest will depend." The Charlotte (N. C.) Observer, which is a progressive paper and frequently fair to colored men, sums up the anti-Roosevelt side thus: "Comes the word from Washington that the friends of Colonel Roosevelt at the national capital were elated to-day (Saturday) over the report from South Carolina that Frank J. Young, a Negro tailor of Spartanburg, and a delegate to the Republican National Convention, had declared that he and five other Negro delegates in his State, who were supposed to be pledged for Taft, would vote for Roosevelt. A dispatch from Washington to the New York World, under date of May 4, says that a report is in circulation there that 'Roosevelt's backers offered Representative Slemp, chairman of the Republican State Committee of Virginia, $25,000 for the delegates from his State to Chicago.' The World correspondent adds that 'the vestibule of the Roosevelt headquarters here at times has looked like a Negro meeting house in the South. Eleven colored preachers from one State were there one day. They came in a body to learn at first hand about the new Moses who is to lead their people out of the political wilderness.' 'It is estimated,' says the World correspondent again, 'using the alleged offer to Representative Slemp as a basis, that Roosevelt workers have offered over $375,000 for Southern delegates in Maryland, West Virginia, Virginia, Kentucky, Tennessee, North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, Florida, Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana, Oklahoma and Texas.'" Then, on the other hand, Collier's Weekly, which is ardently championing the cause of Roosevelt, goes into details about the corruption of the Republican "machine" in the South and makes specific charges against the so-called leaders, white and colored, in the State of Georgia. Henry S. Jackson, collector of internal revenue, is president of the State League of Taft Clubs of Georgia, and has been sending letters to Republicans to raise what Collier's calls a "slush fund." The magazine insists that these letters are in direct violation of the law. "For writing these letters Mr. Jackson can be dismissed from office. With a sensitive Department of Justice, it is entirely possible that an indictment would be only the preliminary to further proceedings. The criminal code deals with such a letter as the first one." Mr. Jackson calls on the leaders, white and colored, to go around among those "who are under some obligation to the party and solicit from all of them," then to distribute 122 THE the sums among the county chairmen in each district "in proportion to their needs." His chief lieutenant, according to Collier's, is a colored man, Benjamin J . Davis. Collier's goes into the matter of some indictment brought against him awhile ago and says: "Six indictments were found against Davis, and he is still out on bond. For years he has obtained a series of 'continuances'—that is, postponements of trial. These postponements amount to granting this criminal immunity. He is the most valuable asset which the Republican party of Georgia possesses. With these indictments held as a club over his head, he can be forced into line, he and all his State-wide power." An d the magazine also describes his "abject flattering of those white men he is shaping to his own clever purposes." As the campaign drew nearer to the great day at Chicago, a discussion of the manners and morals of the colored delegates filled columns of newspapers which ordinarily close their pages to all mention of the black man unless he has been very spectacularly lynched. Manager McKinley said he had "proof" that Ormsby McHarg, Roosevelt's campaign manager, had bribed colored delegates who were pledged to support Taft. In retaliation the Roosevelt headquarters gave out a letter from Charles Banks of Mississippi, in which he returns to McKinley money given him "to defray traveling expenses of some of the delegates." Mr. Banks says he has turned to Roosevelt as a protest against conditions in his State. "When I was in Washington a few weeks ago looking after the new Federal Court bill from Mississippi," he writes, "and called at your headquarters, your assistant, without any suggestion from me whatever, brought up the matter of expenses for delegates from my State. I told him then and there, in your presence, that so far as I was concerned I would not accept any expense money for me whatever. You then proposed that I take enough for the rest of the delegates. I stated to you that they were all men who could get to Chicago, and you could look after the matter; here both of you, however, proposed that the matter be closed then, to which I agreed. "On my arrival at Chicago Wednesday, I found that you, or someone connected with you, had informed the delegates that you had given me a lot of money for them as well as CRISIS myself. I am only confirmed in what I suspected then, and I am returning you here with the money, and you can do as you see fit. "The insinuations that I can be or have been bought are known to be untrue and unfounded by no one better than those con nected with your campaign as well as those of four years ago. I have never asked any of you for one cent, and never applied for an office." The Roosevelt managers regard this letter as "proof" of their contention while the Taft men say it is "proof" of theirs. To pay the traveling expenses of delegates who could not afford to defray them out of their own pockets has, apparently, been a political custom on both sides. While this merry recrimination went on the colored delegates for the most part proved to be an unusually high class of men and for the most part unbribable. The only weak part about them is that the mass of their constituents remain disfranchised and are helpless, of their own initiative, to remedy such evils as exist. THE LOGICAL WHITE MAN. The Rev. Horace Bum stead, who lived in the South for thirty-five years teaching black boys and girls, reviews in the Congregationalist Raymond Patterson's "The Negro and His Needs," a work commended in a "Foreword" by President Taft. Dr. Bumstead finds sincerity of purpose in the volume and then points out a few of Mr. Patterson's contradictions, which are so typical of the muddle-headed condition of even the average well-intentioned man in regard to the Negro question that we cannot forbear to quote them: "Among his conclusions," says Dr. Bum-stead, "are such as these: 'Put a little black schoolhouse within sound of every plantation bell,' and yet, 'stop Negro education with the grammar school'— forgetting that it is the high schools and colleges that have furnished nearly all the competent Negro teachers for the elementary schools and have never been able to furnish enough. 'Stop the colored university just where it is,' and yet, 'plant industrial schools of the Tuskegee and Hampton type in every black county'— ignoring the dependence of such schools on the higher institutions for their teachers and managers, to say nothing of the proper preparation of pupils fitted to enter OPINION industrial schools. 'Keep the Negro out of politics in the South'—without the ballot, educational and economic opportunity are inevitably restricted— 'until the average of the race is at least equal to that of the European immigrant of to-day'— unaware of the fact that in the Louisiana sugar district, where Negroes and Italians work together, the work demanding the highest efficiency is given not to the immigrants but to the Negroes. 'Do this by any means satisfactory to the rough and ready Anglo-Saxon mind and patch up the constitution afterward'; and 'lynch no Negro for anything except crimes against women, and then be sure you have the right Negro;' and then, on the same page with the foregoing prescriptions of lawlessness for the dominant race to practice, 'teach him morality and justice by the example of the white man!' " THE GENTLEMAN FROM GEORGIA. The Hon. S. A . Rod denbery of Georgia nobly waved the banner of the Empire State of the South, where Negroes pay taxes on over $34,000,000 worth of property, on the occasion of a recent debate in Congress. The question before the House was whether Spanish Wa r pensions should or should not be increased, but the gifted Roddenbery did not become really eloquent until he struck the Negro question. Then he said, as reported in the Congressional Record: "I f you really want to do something for these good Spanish Wa r boys join with me and go down here to this Pension Office and take out the Africans, turn them out of their jobs, and give the places to our Spanish Wa r soldiers, and keep them there as long as they are able to work and labor. Let them administer a Caucasian government supported by Caucasian taxpayers. When they get too old, if they are indigent, then consider pensioning them; then go down Pennsylvania Avenue to this massive War and Navy Building, walk up and down the aisles, and take those black sons of the cocoanut region who sit there with big brown drops of sweat coming out of their foreheads, kick them out, and put these old veterans of the Civil War there by those tables, at those telephones under those electric fans, and as long as they are able to labor let them have the benefit of the nation's offices and gratitude. Let not the old pioneer of this coun try at 90 years of age be felling a tree in the forest, where by reason of his infirmity he drops dead beneath its shock. Give him and his kind a quiet and easy position now enjoyed by a 'kinky head.' "Put the Anglo-Saxon in. They are honorable; they are our blood. They helped save this country, if saved it was. They have made this country and will perpetuate it. .Do something for them now. Turn Africa out and let America in. Go down to the Bureau of Printing and Engraving where there stands a pure white girl working day by day and next to her a black Negro working day by day "The Speaker. 'The time of the gentleman has expired.' "Mr. Roddenberry. 'Fire them out! Fire them out! Fire them out! (Laughter.) If you have got Caucasian blood in your veins- kick them out.' " WHAT'S THE MATTER WITH WHITE MEN? "With an Indian first in the Olympic Pentathlon trial," remarks the New York Evening Post, "Theodore Cable, Jr., Harvard's colored athlete, the individual star of the Harvard-Yale track meeting, and Drew, the colored sprinter of the Springfield High School, carrying off the honors in the Yale interscholastic meet at New Haven, all on Saturday last, it is plainly time to draw the color line in athletics. How else will it be possible to maintain that the darker races are totally lacking in stamina and strength? Then these colored athletes have a bad habit of becoming prominent later in life. "For instance, William H . Lewis, the Assistant Attorney-General, whom the officials of the mighty American Bar Association are now laboring to expel from membership, used to be a star athlete at Amherst, and was later the 'brainiest' center rush that the Harvard football team ever possessed. Mr. Matthews, who has now succeeded him as Assistant United States District Attorney in Boston, was a remarkable end rush, and an equally conspicuous baseball player at Harvard. Who knows what Theodore Cable, Jr., may not aspire to, and what trouble he may not make for us all in the future? Let us scotch him now by ruling that he should not take part in any further intercollegiate competitions—to discourage the others. Since athletic gatherings, are distinctly social events, the reason to be given 124 THE is apparent; the safety of the white race demands it. We are sure that the officials of the Bar Association will agree to this." THE SADDEST OF REBELLIONS. The New York Evening Mail, which has often stood for justice to the black men, calls the Cuban insurrection the saddest of rebellions. "The Negroes of that island had a bright dream when Cuba became independent. They were to be on an equal level with white men forever. It was chiefly their blood which had been shed for the country's liberty. The revolution's greatest hero and martyr, Antonio Maceo, was a black man. "But little by little they have seen their equal position frittered away, until lately they were forbidden by law to organize a political party among themselves. Their veterans were put out of the public offices and white men of Spanish birth—even the hated Spanish guerrillas, who fought them in the jungle—were put in their places. "Doubtless, we can in no way encourage this black rebellion. It will be necessary to repress it. Misguided and deluded, the insurgent blacks ravage American plantations. Their insurrection spells anarchy and barbarism. But there is a streak of sadness in their case, just the same. The words of the white orators of freedom, addressed to them —'compatriots, comrades, brothers'—are still ringing in their ears. They belong to a brave race, that has always known how to die. And for those of them who fall before their poor revolution is suppressed, we may drop the tear that has ever fallen upon the tomb of him who has preferred death to degradation." There is a possibility of a summer normal school for colored teachers in New Orleans, which leads the New Orleans Item to say that the teachers have been neglected hitherto. "They have no institute for such work as the white summer normal schools carry on, and are given few opportunities for lectures and association in study. The Negro in the South needs industrial and agricultural training above all things, but there is also need of well-trained Negroes in the professions and in general business for the service of their own race. Naturally, at this stage of development, there is a very great need of the good teachers. There is really no valid reason why the best white CRISIS teachers should not take up this work, but there is greater need of well-trained colored teachers." The Chicago Defender, a colored paper, says that not since the remarkable series of conferences at the World's Fair has Chicago seen such a significant and successful convention as that of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People. "It is safe to go even further," it continues, "and say that never in this country has a conference concerning the welfare of the American Negro been attended by such brilliant results or been participated in by people of such power and attainment. Al l lines of creed, race and class seemed forgotten and all men stood as such before the world; and an amount of enthusiasm has been aroused in the people of Chicago and vicinity which far exceeds the hopes of the most optimistic." The St. Louis Advance (colored) makes some pertinent remarks about an appeal for funds from an industrial school in Missouri: "Such an institution is praiseworthy," it says, "but in a great State like Missouri, with its ample school fund, such appeals should be made to the legislature. Education in literary and practical directions is a duty of the State and not a charity of the citizens." "In a Maryland community," says the Philadelphia Inquirer, "a young man accused of a heinous offense was arrested, tried immediately, confessed his guilt and was sentenced to ten years' imprisonment. The offense was committed on Monday and the trial took place the same day under extraordinary conditions to prevent a lynching. Justice is avenged. The people of the community are satisfied. There is no race war. The members of the race to which the offender belonged are upholding justice as administered. This is the sort of action which would save this country many black marks and would enhance its reputation abroad." Eg In an editorial the June CRISIS mentioned "the corresponding secretary" of the Woman's Suffrage Association as writing to gloss over the action on the "color line" at Louisville. We should have said that Miss Bertha Coover, corresponding secretary of the Ohio Suffrage Association, was the writer, and not Mrs. Mary Ware Dennett, corresponding secretary of the National Association. Mrs. Dennett is a staunch friend of justice, even for black folk. NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE ONE of the best meetings the association has ever held was in Indianapolis on May 15, under the auspices of the Colored Women's Civic Club of that city. The speakers were Mr. Charles Edward Russell, Mr. Alexander Irvine and Miss Ovington. The beautiful little Christian church was filled to the doors with earnest colored people who were impressed with the sincerity of the speakers and the aggressive work that the association has been doing. Mr. Russell, whose opening address at the last session of the association's first conference will never be forgotten by those who heard it, made again a noble appeal for human brotherhood. When he had finished, the president of the club, Mrs. Mary Cable, voiced the feeling of the audience by rising to "thank God for Charles Edward Russell." Mr. Irvine told of his experiences in the South when he went as a laborer to study conditions among the workers, black and white. He was sent in the interests of a magazine, and his story of the white laborer's poverty and suffering met with ready acceptance by his publisher, but the full story of the black laborer he was unable to place in print. It was an impressive and never-to-be-forgotten gathering, and it will probably result in an Indianapolis branch. Two smaller meetings were held, at which Miss Ovington explained fully the objects of the association and the work it is undertaking. This month the association welcomes a sixth branch, that of Detroit, Mich. The branch comes in with 41 members and the following officers: President, Mr. William Osby; vice-president, Mr. Charles Webb; corresponding secretary, Mr. Leonard C. Thompson; recording secretary, Mr. A. J. Bass; treasurer, Mr. Walter D. Johnson. In January of this year the secretary of the association visited Detroit and met a group of enthusiastic, militant colored men, who, in a number of cases, had stopped race discrimination in their city. They were anxious to learn of the work of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, and it is these men who are the nucleus of the Detroit branch. The association is fortunate in securing the co-operation of so public-spirited and self-respecting a group of colored citizens. On June 4, at its regular meeting, the board of directors accepted Miss Ovington's resignation as secretary of the National Association. "We express," it said, "our lasting appreciation of her services and devotion and our deep sense of obligation for the year of voluntary work which she has given to the association and to the cause it represents." Miss Ovington was unanimously elected a vice-president of the National Association. Miss May Childs Nerney was appointed to the secretary's position. Miss Nerney has had large experience in executive work, having served as secretary to the State Librarian at Albany, and later as head of the order department. She comes to the association from the Newark Public Library, where she has been reference librarian. From time to time we have reported the progress of the Bolin case against the Palisades Amusement Park. Last summer Mr . Paul C. Bolin, organist at St. Phillip's, together with his brother, Mr. L. W. Bolin, his wife and some friends, went to Palisades Park, where several of them were refused admittance. The association became interested in the case and tried to get a criminal indictment. The local district attorney was dilatory and nothing was done. Then on advice of our attorneys a civil suit was brought. The com TH E CRISIS OUR 2000 MEMBERSHIP 1500 500 CLOCK 640 , JUNE 15,1912 JOIN US Life members pay $500. Donors pay $100, sustaining members $25, and contributing members $10, $5 or $2 per year. Associate members pay $1 per year. The subscription to TH E CRISIS is $1 extra, except to members paying $5 or more, who signify their wish that $1 of their dues be considered a CRISIS subscription. Checks should be made payable to the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, 26 Vesey Street, New York City. All members in good standing have the privilege of attending and of voting at the annual conference of the association. pany saw no escape, and having no defense promptly came to terms by paying the Bolins $300 cash for damages, and giving the family THE BANNER OF VICTORY a free pass for the season. If there is any further color discrimination at Palisades Park we should be glad to hear of it. At the National Conference of Charities and Correction at Cleveland our association occupied an afternoon. Engineers' Hall was filled with 500 listeners who heard President Thwing, of Western Reserve University, Judge Mack, president of the conference, Mr. Charles W. Chesnutt, Miss Ovington and Dr. Du Bois. There seems to be a good chance of starting a branch of the association in Cleveland. We have brought the clock this month from our advertising pages to our association notes that all may see our progress in securing new members and the road we have to travel before January 1, 1913. Will not our friends throughout the United States help our minute hand to move more rapidly from month to month? After this, look for the clock in the advertising- section. On May 8 the chairman of the board of directors sent the following telegram to the governor of Louisiana: New York evening papers report that Negro flood refugees are being compelled to work on the levees by your order without pay. May we ask you to confirm, deny or explain this report? If true, will you explain under what law this action is taken? TH E NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE, Oswald Garrison Villard, Chairman of the Board of Directors. THE N. A. A. C. P. The governor replied as follows: Baton Rouge, La., May 9, 1912. Oswald Garrison Villard, Chairman Board of Directors, National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, 20 Vesey Street, New York: In reply to your telegram of eighth, all able-bodied men in refugee camps, regardless of color, are given the option of working and eating or doing neither. Thousands of citizens, including myself, are working day and night, actually on the levees, voluntarily without pay, trying to hold the flood area down to a minimum. The resources of the State are being strained to their utmost to save lives and property and care for the refugees, nine-tenths of whom are Negroes. New homes are being provided for all refugees' families who care to take advantage of the opportunity. J . E . SANDERS, Governor of Louisiana. Considerable publicity was given the two communications, and the chairman of the board received some severe censure from the Southern press. The Houston (Tex.) Daily Post says: The situation in Louisiana is one that is taxing all the resources of the people to save the State from further disaster. Already the property and crop losses are tens of millions of dollars and tens of thousands of people are rendered homeless. The majority of these are Negroes. Their homes are gone, they are without money and they are dependent upon public funds and charity for food. In the strenuous effort to save the State from' additional loss, the governor and those in charge of the work have the right to expect and demand the aid of every able-bodied man, and the able-bodied Negro or white man who refuses to work ought to be compelled to work under the circumstances. There are times when men must work with no thought of pay. Immediately following the Galveston disaster there was work to be done which involved the lives of the men, women and children who survived the flood, and the men who were being cared for were required to do it, just as able-bodied refugees are required to work in Louisiana in a crisis, just as acute. Under the circumstances, we think Mr. Villard's inquiry of the governor of Louisiana was insolent. The New Orleans State gives the follow ing account of Baton Rouge conditions : Baton Rouge has been confronted with a flood of unprecedented proportions and has been making a supreme struggle to hold the river within bounds. All the available convicts of the State have concentrated there to aid in it. But the task has been of such magnitude that the university cadets, public officials and citizens of every station in life have also had to contribute their services, both day and night, and have done so cheerfully and enthusiastically. Many of the refugees have gladly taken their posts for the good of all. It would be a mockery if others, of a thriftless character, were permitted to enjoy the hospitality of the community without rendering some service in the crisis or if they were put on payrolls while the great bulk of the people worked for nothing. The governor is well within the bounds of truth when he says that nine-tenths of the refugees are of the colored race. The submerged sections of the State are chiefly those of cotton and sugar plantations on which large forces of Negroes are employed, parishes in which the colored population is many times that of the white, and most of Federal and local relief has been to relieve the distress of the race Mr. Villard is seeking to advance. Louisiana has made no distinction of color in its relief or rescue work. When Selma levee broke 5,600 people were rescued in a few days by the expeditions organized by leading citizens of Louisiana and Mississippi. Many were in great peril. Unusual heroism was, in many instances, displayed by the rescuers. Yet, over 5,000 of the number who were removed to safety in the first few days and then clothed and fed were colored people. Any attempt, therefore, to represent Louisiana as harsh or unjust to the unfortunate Negro victims of these flood conditions is slanderous, and local members of the race ought to take it upon themselves to present the true facts to Mr. Oswald Garrison Villard and his perturbed associates so that the American people may know the true facts. On the other hand, information of a different character has come to the association from colored people. We quote in part three letters: EDITOR OF TH E CRISIS : I shall do my best to furnish you with all the information I can gather about the flood situation, and if it is possible I shall secure pictures of the refugee camps of both the white and colored sufferers. I fear, however, it will not be an easy task, in view of the fact that the Louisiana authorities are discouraging, if not actually by order forbidding, the giving out of the whole truth of the situation, especially as concerns the colored people. * * * The authorities do not like the idea of letting the outside world know what the Mississippi floods do at times to people living in the delta of the State—it being regarded as '' bad advertisement.'' And a later letter of May 15, from the same correspondent, goes on to say: There are probably 50,000 people driven from their homes by the Torras crevasse, and the refugees of the flooded lands, from all accounts received from trustworthy sources, are, in the eases of the colored people, a piteous lot. In the camps of the colored flood sufferers in the city of Baton Rouge, where there are in the neighborhood of 6,000 of them, in many cases without enough clothes on to present themselves in public, the shame and suffering of the refugees cannot be described. They are camped in the colored churches, colored halls and, in a 128 THE word, in any place that will give them shelter at night. Hundreds are together in buildings with nothing to lie upon but the bare floors, and nothing to cover with but the scanty clothes they are in all day. Their food is scant and many of the children are often crying for something to eat, while their fathers are away working for their own rations on the levees under the rule, '' no work, no ration,'' which has been made strict, especially in the case of the colored refugees in the camps. Many of the refugees will never return to the flooded territory. It is declared that the floods have been '' blessings in disguise" to a large number of the refugees, in that the waters brought them where they had no easy way of coming in safety otherwise, on account of the opposition any attempt on their part to leave for better conditions always met. They could not get away before the flood came, and, as it were, rescued them; but now that they are away and the old '' debt charge'' cannot restrain them, they intend never to go back. The white refugees in Baton Rouge are being cared for in the asylums, public buildings and the best places obtainable for their comforts, and the work done by the men folk consists mainly in overseeing the working Negroes and acting as guards on the levees in place of the militia which has been withdrawn. Many of the colored churches and societies in New Orleans are making appropriations for the relief of the Negro flood sufferers, the amounts varying from $5 to $25. The colored people hope in this way to alleviate much of the suffering of the unfortunates. In Alexandria and other towns of the State the colored people are taking- the same kind of steps to help the sufferers. After the floods, when all will be free to talk, will be the best time to get the whole truth of the present flood situation. Rev. E . D. Sims is chairman of the colored flood committee, the other members being Rev. A. Hubbs, A. Richard, J. Johnson and J. Grandison. Altogether, they carried 10,000 garments to the flood sufferers at Baton Rouge. N. B.—If you make use of this, do not let my name appear, as it might be used to annoy me. The third letter runs as follows: MR. VILLARD: I am sending this letter to New York to be mailed to you from there. Should you speak of this letter through the papers please don't mention my name, as I am even afraid to mail it to you from here, as it would be opened as soon as they saw your name, as publications are censored before printed in regard to the conditions here. MR. OSWALD GARRISON VILLARD, 20 Vesey Street, New York City. DEAR SIR: I noticed in the afternoon paper published here that you have been making inquiries in regard to the working of the refugees who have sought safety here from the flooded parishes of CRISIS this State. I am truly glad that some have interested themselves enough to venture thus far in the matter, and perhaps I can give you some information, as I am a resident here and know the conditions that exist. Now, so far as the working of colored men is concerned, they have been working any colored man they saw in the streets several days before a single refugee came to Baton Rouge. Men were arrested and put to work without pay, and any man—I mean colored man—who had no work was taken to the levee gang captain, and made to work without pay or food; while white men who never worked were crowding the river banks acting as guards to keep them there. Now these poor unfortunate refugees, who have come here famished and exhausted from exposure, from battling with the flood, half naked and sick, are immediately put in charge of a guard with a gun and sent to work throwing up embankments and levees, given some salt meat and corn bread which the United States Government provides for them. They toil until exhausted and are taken back to camp for a few hours and then brought back again to work. Not only here in Baton Rouge does this exist, but at Fort Hudson, Shreveport, Natchez and all along the river men are made to do this same work that the Government has made appropriations for. Colored men are forced to do it for nothing at the point of a bayonet; boys ranging from 15 to 18 years old have charge of gangs of men. They carry a gun to intimidate and scare them, and they are driven like so many beasts. Don't believe any of that rot about white men being put to work there; they are driving '' Niggers,'' as they say it here. Something should be done, if possible, for these unfortunate creatures, who have lost home and all their belongings, and in many cases their families. The colored people here have responded very generously and have given shelter to several thousands; every available hall and place of shelter has been turned into a camp for them. On Monday night, at Wesley Chapel, in thirty minutes $120 was taken up for the relief of the babies and larger children, there being something over 300 of them in the various camps. Everything possible is being done for the comfort of the women and children, while the men must slave on the levees for nothing. I guess I have written about as much as I can at present, so I shall close. Baton Rouge, La. P. S.—Should you answer this, address me in plain envelope. f! THE CRISIS FLOOD FUND. The publishers of TH E CRISIS will be glad to receive contributions for the victims of the flood and to see to it that this relief is distributed to those most in need. W e do not pretend to know the whole truth in regard to this situation, but we are certain that the real story of the wretchedness, suffering and oppression is yet to be told. EDITORIAL POLITICS. H E Southern delegates to the national Republican nominating convention are causing the quad rennial hurrah: "They represent nothing;" "they are venal;" "they ought to be eliminated;" all this we hear on every side. But of the one natural remedy we hear little. That remedy is: let the black delegates represent in reality the black disfranchised millions whom now they represent on paper. The wonder is today that the fifty colored delegates are as good a body of men as they are with so few of the heelers and gangsters. Yet the disreputable are among them, as we all know, and to get rid of them let us have real democracy in the South. Enfranchise the blacks and let them learn to weed out the rascals whom white politicians now appoint to represent the Negro race. But Southern Negroes do vote, say some. To the honest seeker for light the puzzling thing about the Southern situation is the absolutely contradictory statements that are often made concerning conditions. For instance, the New York Evening Post was some time ago taken to task by the Norfolk (Va.) Landmark for assuming that Southern colored men are largely disfranchised. The Virginia paper says: '' No Negro in Virginia can be kept from voting, provided he measures up to the same requirements for the exercising of that right that the white man must. The laws of the State will protect him in the right should election officials deny it him. That Negroes in this State may freely qualify to vote is fully attested by the fact that thousands of them do vote." Again the New Orleans Picayune declared with regard to the complaint of disfranchisement: "The arrant and absolute falsity of the specification in regard to the ballot is seen in the fact that every legal bar to the exercise of the ballot applies to whites and Negroes alike. Every elector (voter) must either be able to read and write or, in case of illiteracy, he must pay taxes on ordinary assessable property of the minimum value of $300. These laws are strictly in accordance with the requirements of the Constitution of the United States, and have been so pronounced by the courts." Just so in earlier days before legal disfranchisement paper after paper and orator after orator declared that the Negro could and did vote without let or hindrance. Despite this every intelligent person in the United States knows that these statements are false. The Southern testimony to this is itself open and convincing. Not only have we Mr. Tillman's frank and picturesque testimony on the past, but the Richmond Leader says that all is well in Virginia "since we disfranchised the Negro;" Congressman Underwood of Alabama says the Alabama Negro '' does not count for any thing politically'' in that State; a prominent judge on the Mississippi bench says: "The Negroes in Mississippi do not vote and should not;" and in Louisiana it is a matter of plain official record that of over 150,000 Negro males 130 THE at least 21 years of age, of whom nearly 70,000 could read and write, there were in 1908 only 1,743 registered as voters and these were disfranchised by the "white primary" system. In the face of these facts does it pay deliberately to misrepresent the truth? "Oh, well," sighs the reader, "it is too bad for colored folk." But is it bad for colored folk only? The St. Louis Globe-Democrat said in 1911: "I n electing last fall nine congressmen, all Democrats, according to the automatic system, Alabama cast a total vote of 96,303, an average of about 10,700 votes to a district. The last census gives Alabama a population of 2,138,093. Only one Alabaman in twenty-two goes to the polls. In Northern States the average of voters in proportion to population is one in five. A n examination of the vote of the Alabama congressional districts in detail is interesting. In sis of the nine districts the Democratic candidate ran without opposition, and in one of these less than 6,800 votes were cast. In the district of Mr. Underwood, Democratic leader in the House, the total of votes was but 10,114. In Mr. Underwood's district also the proportion of voters to population is only one in twenty. Wh y the great preponderance of absentees? The disfranchised colored vote accounts for only a part. More than half the white voters of Alabama also are disfranchised somehow, or else disfranchise themselves." Of such material are the foundations of this republic. ffl FRAUD AND IMITATION. S the colored people become more and more a self-conscious, self-directing group, with organs of intelligence and moving representatives, it is becoming difficult to deceive them as to men and movements. On the other hand, there is still opportunity for CRISIS unscrupulous colored men to play on the ignorance of the white world as to what is going on in the colored group. If a man announces himself to be of a certain position in the white world, he is immediately looked up carefully. But trie colored impostor is taken on blind faith and his lies and peculations when discovered are credited to the whole black race. In Atlanta there is a colored preacher who is making a living and some notoriety by vilifying his people; he has been repudiated by his own church and school, but has an institution of his own which he is promoting. His latest bid for white Southern support is this: '' Our training in the college, university and grammar school has been too much of the theoretical, showy kind, more for name than reality. How many of our boys and girls, who are said to be well educated, are almost helpless for the reason that they can do nothing that really pays or that somebody wants done. This is illustrated by the large army to be seen at our depots, poolrooms and street corners in the red-light districts of the communities and cities where we are so largely congested." This is a contemptible lie. The graduates of Southern Negro schools and colleges are not loafing in the '' red-light" districts and this man knows it. But what difference does that make so long as the white world of Atlanta praises him, uses his words to traduce and cripple worthy colored schools, and gives him letters with which to raise money from gullible Northerners for an institution that exists chiefly on paper ? Another method of deception has been discovered in promoting conventions. There is a National Association of Teachers in colored schools, which is now nine years old. Seeing its success, some colored men in Kansas City have been promoting in the last two years a "Negro National Educational Congress." They have advertised widely, EDITORIAL induced governors to appoint "delegates" and sought to make it appear that they had the support of some body of worthy teachers. In fact they are nothing but a private set of promoters, many of whom are said to be of doubtful reputation, and not one of them of any considerable standing in the colored educational world. Their "convention" at Denver last year barely missed being a fiasco, and we trust that the worthy colored citizens of St. Paul will see to it that this "convention" does not parade in that city under false colors, and bring ten million people into contempt. m ORGANIZED LABOR. HE CRISIS believes in or ganized labor. It real izes that the standard of living among workers has been raised in the last half century through the efforts and sacrifice of laborers banded together in unions, and that all American labor to-day, white, black and yellow, benefits from this great movement. For such reasons we carry on our front cover the printer's union label to signify that the printing and binding of this magazine is done under conditions and with wages satisfactory to the printers' union. "We do this in spite of the fact, as well known to us as to others, that the "conditions satisfactory" to labor men in this city include the deliberate exclusion from decent-paying jobs of every black man whom white workingmen can exclude on any pretense. We know, and all men know, that under ordinary circumstances no black artisan can to-day work as printer, baker, blacksmith, carpenter, hatter, butcher, tailor, street or railway employee, boilermaker, bookbinder, electrical worker, glass blower, machinist, plumber, telegrapher, electrotyper, textile worker, upholsterer, stone cutter, carriage maker, plasterer,.mason, painter—or at any other decent trade, unless he works as a "scab," or unless in some locality he has secured such a foothold that the white union men are not able easily to oust him. This policy is not always avowed (although there are a dozen unions affiliated with the American Federation of Labor who openly confine admission to "white" men), but it is perfectly well understood. Some unions, like the printers and the carpenters, admit a lone colored man here and there so as to enable them the more easily to turn down the rest. Others, like the masons, admit Negroes in the South where they must, and bar them in the North where they can. Whatever the tactics, the result is the same for the mass of white workingmen in America; beat or starve the Negro out of his job if you can by keeping him out of the union; or, if you must admit him, do the same thing inside union lines. What then must be the attitude of the black man in the event of a strike like that of the white waiters of New York" The mass of them must most naturally regard the union white man as their enemy. They may not know the history of the labor movement, but they know the history of white and black waiters in New York, and when they take back the jobs out of which the white waiters have driven them, they do the natural and sensible thing, howsoever pitiable the necessity of such cutthroat policies in the labor world may be. So long as union labor fights for humanity, its mission is divine; but when it fights for a clique of Americans, Irish or German monopolists who have cornered or are trying to corner the market on a certain type of service, and are seeking to sell that service at a premium, while other competent workmen starve, they deserve themselves the starvation which they plan for their darker and poorer fellows. 132 THE THE THIRD BATTLE OF BULL BUN. T is just south of Manassas where Beauregard had his supplies, and east of the first two battlefields, with their ghastly relies and calm and guardian mountains. This third battlefield is dotted with buddings green and red. A little flying engine pants continuously with its water burden, and to and fro pass dark graceful girls and sturdy brown-faced boys. There are green lawns and little trees, and westward in a hidden grotto, a grove green golden, echoing with the voices of new graduates long gone. The dull crimson building in the midst—Howland Hall—stands sturdily with a certain quietude, flinging a long, low wing modestly behind it, where sprites and gnomes and fairies dart in and out and to and fro in busy work. Southward the girls are clustered, northward the boys, and round about are teachers' families often new founded with new and cunning babies, albeit one and the prettiest had fled, suddenly, and left a sorrow underneath the trees. Teachers there are, varicolored, sunny and sad, but quiet all, busy and happy, eager and glad. With them and not above them is the principal with his boy face and his wife who has wings—wings finely frayed with beating at the bars of life—but wings withal, and in her eyes dreams. But the battle? Ah, yes, the battle, the third and blood-bought battle of this winding brook that whimpers 'twixt the mountains and the sea; the blood of wounded souls lies along the gold green of that campus—the hail of the iron that enters thuds through the thick dark skins. Now and then the bitter stifled wail of the dying breaks the sudden stillness, then the ranks close and the school moves on. It's costly, this fighting. Costly in blood and men, costly in money, costliest in worry and apprehension. Each year, each month, the Forager goes North: CRISIS " A man to see you, sir." "Who? " snorts Wal l Street, wheeling in his chair. "Colored man—begging, I think, sir.'' "Another Nigger school! Give him $5 and send him on." An d the Forager pockets his shame and moves wearily to the West. ""Yes? Well, I'm giving so much to colored people already—what is this school ?'' "Manassas Industrial School? Yes. An d for colored youth? Yes? I never heard of it. I give to things I hear of— Battle? I thought the war was over; it isn't. How sad. Good-day.'' Thus in drippings of the rich and pennies of the poor each year $18,000 is raised to dig the trench and fire the fuse and strengthen the soul in this third struggle at Manassas. Who is fighting? North and South, black and white, rich and poor? Oh, no —more primal, more stupendous is this struggle of worlds; light and leading and industry against darkness and hate and the Devil-of-things-that-be. An d who wins? God wins—or is ever about to win, if only the Forager staggers home with the food to feed the weary watchers in the trenches, the black-sweated fighters in the fields. Pity the Forager, my brothers, and hold up his hands! Sunset on the battlefield, and the hard breathing of them that rest from their labors; to the West, glory; to the East, the moon; between, shadows of things that were and are to be; around, a rose-grown porch, the patter of little feet, Woman - with - wings, Man - who - is ever-young, and laughter. Up from the earth come voices, heavy with sorrow: "O brother you must bow so low, "O brother you must bow so low, "For long is the way to the ever bright world, ''Let the Heaven light shine on me!" And so on till we sleep; in our ears the soft low panting of the engine catching its breath; in our eyes the everlasting stars. The Year in Colored Colleges With portraits of their honor students REPORTS to TH E CRISIS from twenty colored institutions of higher training reveal some interesting facts. They represent $4,997,800 worth of property and land, but they have only $1,664,000 in invested endowment. In these colleges there were last year 991 students of full college rank, and of these 163 graduated in June with the bachelor's degree. Six of the colleges have finished new buildings during the year: the new engineering building at Howard which cost $23,000; the new Hubbard Hospital at Walden costing $45,000; at Atlanta Baptist College a chapel and office building, costing $40,000; at Wilberforce a girls' cottage, costing $40,000; a dormitory at $28,000 and a dining hall at $14,000 at the State College of South Carolina, and a small administration building at Hartshorn. Lincoln has a newly endowed professorship of physics, and has been recognized as an accredited college by the State of Pennsylvania. Talladega has a new professor of social extension work; Benedict, a new president ; while Mr. B. G. Brawley leaves the chair of English at Howard to become dean of Atlanta Baptist College. After all, our interest in these institutions is personal and centers most in the student body. We have asked all these colleges to ACADEMIC PROCESSION, HOWARD UNIVERSITY TH E CRISIS JAMES BOND, Knoxville MISS F. JONES, Knoxville J. M. SAMPSON. Virginia Union send us the photographs of the ranking' scholars of their graduating college class. The result is the group of faces looking out on the reader from these pages; strong, bright young folk who have demanded the light and received it in spite of the opinion of President Taft. Here are the "spoiled plow-hands" of Southern tradition and the top-heavy "educated-out-of-their-place" youth of newspaperdom! As a matter of fact here are a group of healthy, bright-eyed, clear-brained young folk of Negro descent, who are going to make the cheating, lynching and oppression of black folk more difficult in the future than in the past. Hinc illae lacrimae! These are the leaders who in scholarship head the colored college host: David, of Wilberforce; Latson, of Atlanta Baptist College: Douglass, of Lane; Rice and Miss Bothwell. of Atlanta University; Jessell and Miss Hamilton, of Talladega; Sampson, of Virginia Union; Berry, of Lincoln; Bond and Miss Jones, of Knoxville; Lovette and Miss R. Jones, of Fisk. We add Edith Louise Wright, who is valedictorian in the West High School for 100 classmates, all white, and Isabella Vandervall, who gained the $50 freshman prize at the New York Medical College. If the photographs had arrived in time, we should have added to these Miss Brown, of Morgan; Miss Floyd, of Spelman; Pinson and Miss Thomas, of Benedict; Miss Gray, of Paine, and several others. Besides the twenty colleges mentioned above, there are twelve other institutions that give college training to colored students, making thirty-two in all, enrolling 1,200 students. In former days the argument against such students and such training was that colored people could not assimilate such training. That argument has passed, but in J. W. RICE, Atlanta ALBERT B. LOVETTE, Fisk D. J. JESSELL, Talladega THE YEAR IN COLORED COLLEGES T. G. DOUGLASS, Lane MISS S. E. HAMILTON, Talladega E. O. BERRY. Lincoln its place is a widespread belief that there is no "demand" for such persons, and that they are unable to earn a living. There have been, in the years 1523-1912. over 5.000 Negroes graduated from college. Returns for a thousand living graduates indicate the following occupations: Teachers 54 % Preachers 20 % Physicians 07% Lawyers 04% Business and other occupations.15% As teachers the college-bred Negroes have made the Negro industrial school possible. Tuskegee is directed by them in nearly all positions of importance, from the wife of the principal (Fisk. '89) down. At Hampton. Calhoun, Kowaliga. and a score of other schools, the colored college man has given invaluable service. As leaders in social uplift the Negro collegians have been especially valuable.. Why, then, are they the object of so much criticism and inueudo? Apparently because white Americans fear them. We do not fear Negro criminals—rather we encourage them. We do not fear ignorance—we invite it. But trained knowledge and efficiency in this subject race is instinctively dreaded by a large number of people. President Taft said yesterday at Hampton: "Although education along scientific lines is useful, vocational education for the Negro is better, for the present at least ;" but "vocation" is a large word. What vocations does the President have in mind ? The vocation of citizen, voter, molder of public opinion? Probably not. He is thinking with the Memphis News-Scimitar. which says: "Higher education fads find no place in the curriculum of the Memphis High School for Negroes. The whole policy is to train the Negro youths of both sexes in occupations which the South has accorded almost entirely to the race." , In other words, the principal vocation in E. W. LATSON, Atlanta Baptist MISS A. L. BOTHWELL, Atlanta G. F. DAVID, Wilberforce TH E CRISIS MISS ISABELLA VANDERVALL Cleveland High School New York Medical College MISS B. L. JONES, Fisk MISS EDITH WEIGHT mind is that of general mudsill to society— development as will enable them to compete dumb, faithful, disfranchised and cheap. with modern men under modern conditions. If this is not what is meant then let young Is it fair to educate a race of scullions and people like those pictured on these pages then complain of their lack of proven have a chance for such higher and fuller self-ability? THE MONTESSORI METHOD-ITS POSSIBILITIES By JESSIE FAUSET O one probably arrives at his majority without beginning that habit of retrospection which is to be with him more or less for the rest of his life. It is at times like these that he is brought face to face with the realization of the years it has taken him to get, so to speak, on his mental feet. Such an appalling waste, and even yet he is lumbering! His judgment is not always stable, his mental acts somehow lack co-ordination, his self-control is at best dependent on environment, and his initiative is often entirely lacking. Indeed, when one considers the pitiful brevity of the allotted span of years, the amount of time generally deemed necessary to fit an individual to become a useful member of society seems totally disproportionate and ridiculous. Twenty-one years—one-third of a man's whole life. The lower animals, especially cats and dogs, seldom live beyond the age of ten years. Suppose it took a kitten three years to learn to co-ordinate its movements to the catching of a mouse, to learn to control its body and its faint men tality ! One is amused at the idea. It is not hard to place the faults in the development of human beings. There are many. But surely these are the two most obvious. The child is trained from infancy to abject dependence on his elders. Secondly, he is girt about with rules and precedents which stifle originality and initiative. He is simply smothered by too much and wrongly applied care and kindness. Now it is exactly this condition of affairs that the Montessori system is seeking to obviate. Doctor .Montessori, in a long and scientific study of childhood, has arrived at, among many others, the following important conclusions: First, that the child is naturally independent; secondly, that he is ambitious to prove this; thirdly, that he will, if his small feet are once set upon the way, THE MONTESSORI METHOD spontaneously arrive at a given point; and fourthly, that his powers of initiative are tremendous. With these views in mind, Dr. Montessori set about the development of that system which bids fair to revolutionize the educational schemes of the world. Her slogan is "Liberate the personality of the child, permit him his natural manifestations; let him choose his activities, for it makes very little difference what he does, as long as he does no harm." Again she says: "We cannot know the consequences of suffocating a spontaneous action at the time when the child is just beginning to be active; perhaps we suffocate life itself." Al l this sounds very simple; so simple, one may say, that it scarcely needs exploiting, but wait. Consider our modern schools and their methods. There one sees row after row of little children, and in the higher schools big children, too, seated in clamped-down benches that cannot possibly allow freedom to all. Everybody, except in very rare cases, is subject to the same rules; everybody has his facts presented in the same general manner; everybody is engaged, particularly in the lower schools, in about the same activities. Now in the Case dei Bambini, the Chil dren's Houses in the quarter of San Lorenzo in Rome, all this is different. Here the children sit, when they are sitting, in small, comfortable, portable armchairs. Here, while one child fingers the wooden letters of the alphabet and unconsciously learns to distinguish between them, another is absorbed in touching pieces of silk and velvet and sandpaper, and so learning the differ ence between "rough" and "smooth." A third is interested in a wooden frame on which are mounted two pieces of cloth or leather to be fastened and unfastened by means of the buttons and buttonholes, hooks and eyes, eyelets and lacings, or automatic fastenings. That little girl will get up some morning, and before she realizes it will begin to fas ten her little garments herself. When she does realize her ability, think of the eager ness with which she will try to manipulate all the strings and bows and buttons she possesses. She will have attained inde pendence. Naturally enough, the question arises: How, in a school of this order, is discipline maintained? If by discipline is meant the stolidity, the utter silence, the rigidity maintained by or rather forced on pupils in the ordinary schools, the answer, of course, must be, there is no discipline. And yet no one could call the pupils in the "Children's Houses" disorderly. The point is that the child is taught here that good and immobility, evil and activity, are not necessarily synonymous. As a result, there is generally to be found in these classrooms the pleasant bustle of intense preoccupation. The children in one group are helping a teacher to put away the didactic material, and their services are never refused. Because the child is trusted he does his best. In a few days—at most in a few weeks—he is able to carry one of the little armchairs from one place to another, without coming in contact with anything. He gathers up the cardboard letters and arranges them in their boxes just as he sees the teacher do it. Gradually, unconsciously, he acquires the habit of keeping his own things in order. Sometimes a child who has been working at some self-imposed task attains perfection with unexpected celerity and utters an exclamation of joy. But this does not interfere. Either the other children, attracted by his pleasure, group themselves around him and he tries to show them how he met his success, or else, incited by his example, they bend to their own tasks with renewed energy. Most important of all, very few of these children are persistently naughty. They have no occasion to be. For, as Dr. Montessori says, naughtiness is very often the instinctive effort of the child to assert a repressed personality. Since these children's activities are not repressed, but are simply directed into safe channels, and there allowed full play—there is no need for such assertion. Thus, these tiny children, ranging in age from three years upward, acquire a discipline which will be theirs when hard and fast laws and restrictions fail. One of the most important aims of the Montessori system is the direct training of the senses. We have already spoken briefly of the deliberate development of the sense of touch, whereby the child is enabled to distinguish between rough and smooth, thick and thin, heavy and light. Indeed, the children finally grow to look upon their ten fingers as their "other eyes." The sense of sight, however, particularly in regard to colors, is also given careful attention. 138 THE In this connection Dr. Montessori makes use of the three periods into which the lesson, according to Seguin, is divided: "First period—The association of the sensory perception with the name. "For example, we present to the child two colors, red and blue. Presenting the red, we say simply 'This is red,' and presenting the blue, 'This is blue.' Then we lay the spools of colors upon the table under the eyes of the child. "Second period—Recognition of the object corresponding to the name. We say to the child, 'Give me the red,' and then, 'Give me the blue.' "Third period—The remembering of the name corresponding to the object. We ask the child, showing him the object, 'What is this?' and he should respond, 'Red.' This process is reiterated many times." One day the child, who has been drawing little trees and coloring them all blue or green, or red, as strikes his fancy, voluntarily draws a tree with a brown trunk and green leaves. He has observed a tree, and has found, with great pleasure, that he can recognize its colors. Undoubtedly this voluntary observation will have a more lasting effect upon him than knowledge received at second hand. And in addition to the mere possession of this knowledge, note the coordination of the visual impression with the execution of the hand. The most noteworthy result, however, of Dr. Montessori's method has been obtained in the matter of teaching children to write and read. By her system children of four, five and six have been taught to write in a manner equal to that obtained in the third elementary grade. These eases are not exceptions. To obtain these results she used small wooden tables, metal insets, outline drawings and colored pencils. The child takes the metal frame, places it upon a sheet of white CRISIS paper, and with a colored pencil draws around the contour of the empty center. Then he takes away the frame, and upon the paper there remains the geometric figure. This the child fills in. In this wise he learns to practice the vertical and horizontal strokes required in penmanship, and also the co-ordination of the mental concept with the manual action, because in filling in he tries not to go outside the border line. Gradually he becomes master of the pencil. Next the children are given cards upon which the single letters of the alphabet are mounted in sandpaper; also larger cards containing groups of the same letters. He becomes familiar with the outline of these by the means of touch, then he traces them, then he draws them, and lastly, he learns how to compare and recognize the figures when he hears the sounds corresponding to them. At last, some fine" day, he begins to copy words which contain letters that have im pressed him, though not yet conscious that he is writing, and still later he learns that a word may be written at any time to convey an idea. Thus his reading follows swiftly on the heels of his writing and he has prac tically accomplished it himself. It is easy to see how rich may be the future of children equipped thus early with sharpened sense perceptions, with independ ence and judgment and growing self-control. For them everything in the world takes on a more vivid coloring, avenues hitherto un suspected are open, and the sheer joy of living is keener and stronger. Such a child gets practically an extension of the years of his life. Of course we do not want prodigies, though, after all, the quality of prodigyship is relative. For if all the eleven-year-old boys in a given radius can work problems in differential calculus, which one of them, then, is remarkable? The FAITHS OF TEACHERS By G. S. DICKERMAN ' N occupation means much or little, according to the way it is taken. In almost any pursuit that can be named you will see some who go through its forms mechan ically and without interest, having in mind merely to meet requirements and draw the pay; and alongside of them others who seize on every task with avidity, grappling its difficulties with a sort of joy, trying experiments,' making ventures, incurring heavy risks and looking for returns beyond any stipulated wages. The latter do honor to their occupation and are likely to be honored by it. The teacher's occupation is no exception. Think of the teachers you have known, some without aim and drifting into their places as floating sticks drift into the pool by the side of a mountain brook, to circle around there in the still water for awhile till a freshet comes to throw them out; and then another, so unlike these, who began in his early schooldays to set the teacher's calling before him as a goal of ambition to be diligently prepared for by years of serious study, and finally entering on it, put into its duties bis best and holiest service as for ends the highest to be found in all the world. Now that which makes the difference in these, is the difference in their faiths. Behind achievements are faiths. Great teachers are men and women of great faiths. An d there are certain faiths that they all hold in common. Let me mention some of these: 1. Faith in the pupil's worth—and in the worth of all pupils. There are pupils whose worth none ever question, unusually attractive boys and girls, gifted in mind and sunny of disposition; of course these should be educated, for anyone can see that there is something in them. But there are others of whom people are not so sure; perhaps their fathers and mothers hope that something can be made of them, but the neighbors say: "No, all the pains taken with their education is just so much thrown away; there is nothing there to build on." It takes the clear-eyed teacher to see the deeper things in that child; those latent powers which are waiting to be called into exercise. Eighty years ago people thought that nothing could be made of a blind mute. Then a teacher arose and gathered about hima little group of blind children and began to try what could be done for them. We know now the story of Dr. Samuel G. Howe and of the little speechless, vacant-minded, sightless Laura Bridgman, whom he trained into an intellectual and accomplished woman, and with whose development was established the Perkins Institution for the Blind. And at that time, eighty years ago, a similar hopeless feeling prevailed about other children unfortunate for a different cause, when this same great teacher began to try his experiments on these also, and straightway there grew up a second wonderful school, the Massachusetts School for Idiotic and Feebleminded Children. There was faith in the unpromising pupil and we see that it was not in vain. Every school has its unpromising pupils; but in these the true teacher will search for promise and will find it. I know a teacher, a brilliant, highly educated woman, who for a number of years has devoted herself to a class made up of the backward children in a public high school, the children too dull to keep in the ranks of the regular classes, and she delights in her work because she is able to discover in those stupid pupils unsuspected capabilities and to kindle in them a flame of self-respect and of ambition. She has had repeated invitations to other positions, but she declines them as less interesting than this. Not long ago I visited a school in which the principal talked with me very freely about his methods and called to the office a number of boys for personal conversation. Among these was one for whom he showed especial solicitude, and this was on account of his inferiority. Out of a low family and from bad home influences, he was what might be called a hard case, dull-witted, whiffling and unreliable, without ambition and unresponsive to his teachers' best efforts—what was to be done with him? The principal 140 THE said he had been advised to get rid of him as a hindrance to the other pupils, but he would not. Because there was no other such boy in the school this one had become his most fascinating problem and he was giving to him more intense thought than to any other. He was studying every trait, every movement, every whim, to get at some hidden spring of wish or inclination which might offer solid ground for the improvement of conduct and the rebuilding of character. As I went away from that school I felt that 1 had seen a real teacher, real because he was groping for the good things in his worst boy. 2. Faith in effort—effort for the pupil and by the pupil. When Dr. Howe took in charge those unfortunates in Boston he began by playing with their impulsive and aimless movements till he had shown them that one thing was unlike another and had taught them to choose between the two, then to remember, to think and to learn simple lessons, from which they were led on step by step to a wider intelligence. Dr. Howe was a man of eminence and had already done great service in many lands, but I suppose that he never had put into any undertaking such intense and tireless exertion as he bestowed on these poor children. It required such effort to bring their sleeping powers into exercise and exertion. This is the spirit for dealing with the unpromising pupil in any school. The others are likely to do well without the teacher's taking extra pains, but here is a task to try his patience and his resources. How can he wake up the dunce? It is a case for expedients and experiments. What is the key? What does the boy care for? If he dislikes reading he may take to figures, or to drawing or music. If he has no interest in these he may be attracted by the tools in a shop or the plants and flowers in a garden. He may be brought to love the trees in the woods and to learn their names and uses, to watch the birds and catch their notes, to study the bees hanging on a thistle blossom and follow them to their hive, to look at a mosquito under a glass and to hunt for his breeding places. Other things all failing, doubtless he may be made to take an interest in the playground and to do some vigorous thinking, as well as pitching, batting and running in a baseball game. I have in mind a man CRISIS who has in a certain city a night school into which he wants to attract the boys and young men that no other good influences are reaching, the very vagabonds and desperadoes who are on the road to a penitentiary or the gallows; and one of the things that he does is to teach his pupils boxing—boxing with gloves, but rough and bloody. He is ready to drill them in the rules and manners of the prize ring as the only drill that they can appreciate, and he hopes thus to get a foundation of discipline on which later they can be taught the higher lessons of obedience to the laws of the State, self-control, manliness and honorable industry. Endeavors such as these mean effort by the teacher, constant and untiring, and it is in this way that the greatest teaching is done. B y such courses the tightly locked doors of many a darkened life are opened to the light of intelligence, ambition and growth into a noble manhood or womanhood. 3. Faith in personal example. The teacher's greatest power is not in what he says, but in what he is; in the illustration he gives from day to day of a strong, true, winsome life. The Divine Master said to his pupils: "Take my yoke on you and learn of me," and again, "I have given you an example, that ye also should do as I have done to you." The apostle Paul on more than one occasion said: "Be ye imitators of me." This is the law of all the highest teaching. Put the lazy, listless child under a teacher of animation and energy; it will do more for him than many lectures on laziness. Give to a selfish child an example of thoughtful care for the happiness of all around you; to the deceitful an example of transparent sincerity; to the vicious and lawless an example of spotless purity and superiority to every unworthy self-indulgence. The teacher who keeps himself under healthy discipline will make this the most effective discipline for his school. But what of the teacher who is lax with himself? One has said: "Your conduct speaks so loud I cannot hear anything you say." What is the use of lecturing on sincerity if one is himself insincere? What will talk about self-denial and the control of appetite and freedom from debasing habits amount to if the very breath with which one speaks is odorous from his own self-indulgence? A n example which does not re THE FAITHS inforce instruction is apt to nullify it. That is why certain injurious practices are so prevalent among the boys and young men of our times. What else could be looked for when so many who axe supposed to be eminent in morals and religion habitually indulge themselves in these practices? With all these forces in opposition the clear-eyed teacher guards his own example with unwavering constancy. What better can he do for his boys? An d however those boys may go on their way and perhaps vary from the path laid out before them, it will not be without value that they have once known so fine an illustration of the higher things of life. The power of such a teacher does not cease with graduation day; it goes on with each pupil into all his future story. 4. Faith in the unfoldings of character through processes beyond our knowledge. The processes of all life are concealed. We do not understand the life of the seed from the commonest herb nor how it sprouts and grows. But anyone who plants a seed expects it to grow. It is the same with the life of the spirit. What happens in the schoolroom is to be remembered; habits there formed are to continue; standards of right and wrong, of truth and duty, of honor and shame, pass into the inmost texture of the soul and abide there. But the outcome of it all, how, when and where, is beyond our forecast. A word, a glance of the eye, a trifling incident, may work a radical change in character; it may do this at once or it may be years about it. So unfathomable are the deeps of influence that go into the long courses of experience through which every human life is borne on to its completion. And this is where the teacher works, putting in his impressions from moment to moment, from day to day, from year to year, to grow character and to determine destiny. It might be wise for people to give more thought than they are doing to the part which teachers are playing in the world's progress. Take the story of the colored people in the United States during the last fifty years—many are surprised at the reports which are given out from time to time. It is a record of rapidly advancing intelligence, energy and wealth. Let me refer to a few well-known figures of the United States census. In 1860 the number of colored children attending school was 32,639, of whom 29,906 OF TEACHERS 141 were in the Northern Free States. In 1870 the number had risen to 180,372, of whom 58,808 were in the North and 131,564 in the South. Now leap over a period of forty years to 1910, and we find the number of colored children enrolled in the public schools of the South alone, as reported by the Commissioner of Education, to be 1,748,853, with an average attendance daily of 1,105,629, and with over 30,000 teachers; we find also 150 public high schools containing 11,662 pupils; and besides these some 260 schools for advanced training, designated as universities, colleges, normal schools or institutes, in which are fully 75,000 students.* This development is the more impressive if we bring before our minds the colored peo ple as they were forty or fifty years ago. We can find those who will describe the colored schools of that time—the old army barracks at Nashville, Hampton, Atlanta and other places which served for schoolrooms, very unlike the commodious buildings and attractive grounds of the colored schools in those same places to-day. A comparison of the pupils is even more striking, that wild horde of unkempt boys and girls, men and women of uncertain age, many of them clad in rags, unwashed and with the tight knobs of hair on their round heads wound thick with cotton strings—what a contrast to those you will see now in a thousand schools, not in cities only but often in sparsely settled districts, children and youth clean in person, neatly attired in becoming garments, orderly in behavior, and frequently giving evidence of a careful training in the home. The colored teachers in these schools, numbering over 30,000, all grown and trained within so short a time from a race without educational traditions, how much they mean! Not all model teachers, indeed, but far superior to what might have been expected, and approved most heartily by those Southern superintend ents and intelligent observers who know the most about their work. These facts tell of a new intelligence awakening on a vast scale. And this brings other developments of great moment. Of course there is increase of wealth, a multiplication of prosperous farms, of banks, stores, comfortable homes and substantial churches. Organizations for religious effort, for insurance and mutual aid have their net *"An Era of Progress and Promise," W. N. Hartshorn, pp. 369-371. THE CRISIS work of operations covering the whole country. Several hundred newspapers are owned and published by colored people. Several thousand colored physicians are engaged in a lucrative practice, and individuals here and there are winning distinction from time to time as authors, speakers, musicians, artists and inventors. How has all this come about? Are these simply the spontaneous phenomena of the new atmosphere of freedom? Such developments do not come in that way. There have been intelligent causes behind them. The explanation lies in the work of the teachers. Starting with those who began their service in the old barracks, at first only a few but soon increasing to many hundred—they planted in the eager pupils who gathered in their schools the strong seeds of a new life. They were no ordinary teachers. Usually of superior parentage, brought up in Christian homes of rare privilege, educated in the best schools and colleges of the United States, they went to their service as to a sacred ministry, and they met its hard tasks with a fidelity and devotion not often surpassed. It has been the fashion in certain quarters to disparage the endeavors of these teachers who came down from the North, and to say that their instructions were ill adapted to the necessities of such a people, that too much use was made of books and too little of things that could be grasped with the hand. Such criticisms overlook the conditions and circumstances that had to be dealt with. Those teachers attacked the desperate situation that confronted them in the only way they could. They taught in the manner they had been taught themselves, in the manner other teachers were doing their work in schools all over the country, North and South. They used such methods and text books as they had to use; how could they employ such as had not yet been thought of? But the vital thing in a teacher is not methods or artificial devices of any kind; it is an indefinable power of spiritual personality. Many of these teachers had this quality in large measure. They had those faiths of which I have been speaking. They believed in the worth of their pupils, however unattractive, and however others might laugh at their faith; they believed in effort to bring out dormant faculties and made their schools hives of industry; they believed in example and lived a good life, the best of all lessons and the one to be longest remembered; they believed in the unfoldings of character, to come how and when they could not tell, and they were content to wait. There is a mysterious contagion in faiths like these, and those who gave themselves to this service fifty years ago have not wanted for successors. The score of names has gone on increasing from year to year and it is increasing still; and their pupils following with steadfast purpose the standards of life and character instilled into them have grown to be like their teachers till they have reproduced their faith and service in every town and village of the land. If the teachers in the many thousand colored schools of to-day would have incentive to their hope and inspiration for their service they can do no better than to look back to those first schools, recall the spirit of those pioneer teachers, and reflect on the harvests that have ripened from their seed sowing. "THE WHITE MANS BURDEN" By CHARLES S. NUTTER. D. D. Hast thou a Saxon face? No fault of thine, No virtue, too. Thy brothers nearly all. Are brown of various shades. Rare man, reflect, Is merit in the hue? Boast not; pray God, He bleach thy soul to match thy pallid face. GENERAL EVARISTO ESTENOZ By ARTHUR A. SCHOMBURG H E cable has flashed over the world the news that in Cuba General Evaristo Estenoz has taken up the gage of battle for the rights of his dark fellowmen, and that a crisis in Cuba is the result. General Estenoz was born at Santiago de Cuba, the birthplace of revolutionary conspiracies. He is a builder by occupation and a soldier who has won fame by bis record in many bloody engagements. Soon after the close of the Cuban War and the establishment of the republic, he associated himself with Rafael Serra, the lamented Negro philosopher, who wrote a book, "For Whites and Blacks," a collection of essays, arguing that since both races had fought to make the republic possible, they should enjoy in common the burdens and the benefits of the country. These two gentlemen, the lawmaker and the warmaker, visited New York in the summer of 1905. Though different in temperaments and political affiliations they had one object, namely, to study conditions with the view to submitting the result of their observations to their compatriots in Cuba and improving matters at home. Serra died soon after their return and the work of the pen fell on the shoulders of Estenoz. The new Independent Colored Party was formed and incorporated; its ob ject being to promote the interests of the colored race, to urge the government to recog nize their rights as citizens and taxpayers, and to accord them a fair proportion of the elective and appointive offices. The Independent Colored Party was looked upon in its infancy as one of the many booms started by Negroes which would soon die, but as time grew it gathered into its fold men who were veterans of two and three wars, and clubs sprung up like mushrooms all over the island. In a year there was a club for every city, and the party had a membership of over 60,000 Negro voters— an organization, in short, capable of thwart ing the prearranged plans of the whites. It became a matter of political expediency at first to belittle and finally to crush the at tempt of the Negro leaders. The organ of the Negro party, called Prevision, was a weekly newspaper of eight pages, ably edited by Estenoz. So great was the demand for this publication that the press could not turn out enough copies to supply the thousands of readers. The new party was a success and it augured no good to President Gomez. When the government found that it could not deal with the situation, it turned to the late Negro senator, M . Morua Delgado, the president of the senate. It persuaded him to introduce in that body his notorious "Amendment No. 17" of the electoral law, which, in effect, forbade the formation of any political party along racial lines. For this perfidy Delgado was rewarded with the appointment to the portfolio of secretary of war, but he was ever afterward looked upon by the Negroes of Cuba as a Judas to his race. Although he did not, like Judas, go out and hang himself, he died, it is said, of a broken heart. Nothing could have been more exasperating to the Negroes of Cuba than the Morua law. From the moment of its adoption to the present period they have consistently opposed its enforcement. General Estenoz, whose money and influence had contributed to the election of President Gomez, was hailed as the man of the future. The Negroes began to realize, when their leaders were thrown into prison on the eve of election, that the white Cubans had determined that they should not have any representation save what was bestowed on them as a charity. The Cuban Negroes are sensitive and well informed; but for them the revolutions through which Cuba has passed would have been impossible. But to-day an unconstitutional law, as infamous and despicable as the American Dred Scott decision, which declared that "Negroes had no rights which white men are bound to respect," deprives the Negroes of Cuba of political character and independence. They are hunted by spies, threatened with imprisonment and misrepresented in the press whenever they attempt to assert their rights. During the colonial days of Spain the Negroes were better treated, enjoyed a greater measure of freedom and happiness than they TH E CRISIS do to-day. Negroes were esteemed for their talents and respected for their industry and integrity. Many Cuban Negroes curse the dawn of the Republic. Negroes were welcomed in the time of oppression, in the time of hardship, during the days of the revolution, but in the days of peace and of white immigration they are deprived of positions, ostracized and made political outcasts. The Negro has done much for Cuba; Cuba has done nothing for the Negro. The black men of Cuba have taken to the woods because conditions are intolerable, because, as my friend, the late Jose Marti, the apostle of Cuban freedom, said: "So long as there remains one injustice to repair in Cuba the revolutionary redemption has not finished its work." PROTECTION MUST you surely leave the place, mother?" The questioner was a Negro sailor. He and his mother stood before the fireplace in the one-room cabin in which he had been born. Above the fireplace was a picture of Lincoln and an American flag. "E f dey means ter turn me out. dey will, son," the woman answered. "Lord knows I'se paid fo' de place. We has worked here, ehillen an' all, you knows dat, an' I'se give money fo' de cabin an' de lan', bit by bit. Dey gib me bits ob papers, but dey say now de trouble is I ain't got a deed. Der trouble is all dis lan' roun' about is sol', an' I ain't wanted here." "But that isn't law. You ought to go to the justice of the peace." "De justice ob de peace, son, were my landlord, an' he sol' de lan'." 'DEE TROUBLE IS I "I wish I could help you in this trouble, mother," the sailor said, "but I must hurry to my ship. We sail in two days." "Whar to?" the woman asked. "Why, to Cuba, mother; I told you that. We're ordered to Cuba at once." "What you goin' dar fo'?" "To protect American interests." The man strutted across the room to where his bag lay. "We've got a heap of money in Cuba. I tell you our navy'll blow the Cubans off the earth if they touch American property. It's a great thing to be an American. Wherever you go the flag follows you and protects you in your rights." The old woman turned to the mantelpiece, and taking the flag from its place dropped it into the flames. "You go about yer duty, an' serve yer country," she said, "but that flag ain't fo' me. They can steal from my kin', an' there ain't a jedge down here, or a man up in Washington, or one ob dem delegates dat goes screamin' up an' down de country about human rights, as ud gib a moment ter pertectin' me. Me an' my kin' ain't _.. „ _ _ _ wanted, unless it's AIN'T WANTED HERE" „ , ' fo' slaves. She turned back to the mantel and laid her hand tenderly upon the picture of the great emancipator. "Thank der Lord you ain't Live ter see it," she said. M. W. O. WOMEN'S CLUBS A SOCIAL CENTER AT HAMPTON, VA By A. W. HUNTON. IN many cities and towns clubs of colored women are making successful efforts for social betterment. In some instances these clubs have not yet realized the fact that they, too, are being influenced by the great spirit of social service which is revealing itself to the hearts of men in a more positive and practical way than ever before. MBS. JANIE PORTER BARRETT These clubs have realized the need of things being done; and, for want of trained leadership, have taken the initiative in doing them. There has been much experimentation and some blunders, but results have been certain and valuable; the more so, perhaps, because although lacking in a severely systematic jurisdiction, this effort for social betterment among colored club women has ever had an overflow of loving sacrifice and enthusiasm to encourage it. The Social Center, at Hampton, Va., probably takes first rank among our clubs in this line of endeavor. This is not true because it is one of the oldest efforts, but for the reason that Mrs. Janie Porter Barrett, the able woman to whom was given the vision of the work for Hampton, has given twenty years of personal supervision to its development and has studied and traveled meanwhile to learn the best there is in this new movement for social betterment. The object and growth of the work are best told in Mrs. Barrett's own words. She says: "The center was begun twenty years ago in the home of the present head worker, with the definite aim of improving the homes and the moral and social life of that community. The aim has not changed through the years. This work began with a few girls of the immediate neighborhood, has reached out in every section of the community, and now there are clubs and classes every afternoon and evening in the week, eight months of the year. These clubs and classes include boys, girls, mothers and grandmothers, classified according to age and needs, and through these many other people are reached. The work grew too large for the house in which it was started nearly ten years ago, and now has a clubhouse, which it has already outgrown, but which is still the center of all the activities of the settlement. "The Woman's Club, known as the Home Makers' Club, has several departments, all of which work for some phase of home improvement. Each woman works in the line in which she has greatest interest. Al l come together at intervals to work out and discuss common problems." Visiting the center at Hampton, one would hardly believe that such a variety of work, by so large a number of people, could TH E CRISIS be done in such small space. But here the resourcefulness and ingenuity of the leader is seen at its best. Just one room seems used for the same purpose at all times. This room is the kitchen where, under the direction of the cooking department, work of inestimable value to the community is being done. The best in preserving and canning, in cake and breadmaking and in the preparation of ordinary foods may be learned there, as well as something of food values, etc. The parlor witnesses many transformations. Sometimes it is a music room for a singing class; another time a closet door is opened and games of all descriptions appear to the satisfaction of a group of boys or girls. Another hour and it is a quiet reading room or a lecture room for a group of mothers. But it is in the upper room that one sees the real workshop. There are to be found products of the needle, of embroidery, knitting, basket weaving, chair caning and woodwork. If the real woman does not thrill as she observes the girls and women develop beautiful things here, she is certain to do so if she is permitted to examine the finished embroideries, rugs, baskets, etc., that are ready for the purchaser. Much support for the work is derived from articles sold, but the chief benefit is in giving the boys, girls and women the ennobling touch with the beautiful together with the power to earn a penny. There is the large well-kept yard with much more room for its activities. Poultry raising, home gardening and flower culture could all be written about with profit. Last year more than three thousand cuttings and plants and three hundred packages of seed were distributed to the community through this center. The remainder of the grounds is given over to well-directed play and exercise. There are "teams" of various kinds for both boys and girls and tennis and croquet grounds. Still another chapter could be written on ' the child-welfare department, which, along with other things, has done much to save juvenile offenders from prison cells. HISTORIC DAYS IN JULY 1. Slavery abolished in the Dutch West Indies, 1863. 2. Vermont declared slavery a violation of natural rights, 1777. 3. Prince Hall established first lodge of Negro Freemasons in North America, 1775. 4. Booker T. Washington opened school at Tuskegee, Ala., 1881. 5. Joseph B. Foraker, defender of the discharged battalion of the 25th Infantry, born, 1846. 6. Hawaiian Islands made United States Territory, 1898. 7. General B. F. Butler discharged from the army a Negro, enlisted as a white man, 1862. S. Right of suffrage given Negroes in District of Columbia, 1867. 9. Negroes massacred at Hamburg, S. C , 1875. 11. Act of Congress to effect treaty for the final suppression of the slave trade approved, 1862. 13. Draft riots in New York City, 1863. 16. Daniel Hand, philanthropist, born, 1801. 17. Act of Congress authorizing the arm ing of Negroes approved, 18. Lemuel Haynes, minister, born, 1753. Fort Wagner assaulted G. Shaw killed, 1863. 19. Tennessee ratifiedAmendment, 1866. 1862.  celebrated Negro  and Col. Robert  the Fourteenth 20. The Fourteenth Amendment proclaimed, 1868. 21. General David Hunter, first Union commander in War of Rebellion to enlist Negro troops, born, 1802. 27. Anthony Burns, whose rendition as a fugitive slave caused riots in Boston, died, 1862. 29. Bethel, Philadelphia, the mother of A. M . E. Church, dedicated, 1794. 30. Massacre growing out of politics in New Orleans, 1866. 31. Slavery ceased in Egypt, 1881. L. M. HERSHAW. THE BURDEN COLORED MEN LYNCHED WITHOUT TRIAL. 1885 78 1899 84 1886 71 1900 107 1887 80 1901 107 1888 95 1902. 86 1889 95 1903 86 1890 90 1904 83 1891 121 1905 61 1892 155 1906 64 1893 154 1907 60 1894 134 1908 93 1895 112 1909 73 1896 80 1910 65 1897 122 1911 63 1898 102 Total 2,521 DELINQUENT GIRLS IN MISSOURI. MRS. IDA A. WALKER, president of the Missouri State Federation of Colored Women, has a strong letter in the U. B. F. Searchlight, the official organ of the Missouri State Teachers' Association, urging the men, by their votes, to demand that the State make some provision for delinquent colored girls. "Do you know," she writes, "that more than three-fourths of the women in the penitentiary are young colored women? Why does this condition exist? Are our women greater criminals than the women of other races? No. The Industrial Home at Chillicothe is overcrowded. An d it can readily be seen that the percentage of criminality is not greater among our girls than among the white girls, but it is because we have no other place to send our delinquent girls save to the penitentiary. It is the duty of every church, fraternal organization, newspaper and race-loving man to assist the Negro clubwomen of the State in doing something for our girls who are crying to us from the lowest depths, and in keeping them out of the penitentiary." "I MET A LITTLE BLUE-EYED GIRL." A certain element in the South takes pains to rear the children of the family faithfully in the doctrines of Blease and Vardaman. "A Negro had been lynched in the neighborhood" said a recently returned traveler, "and crowds went out to see what was left of his body. The people I was staying with went with the rest and took their children—all but one, who had been naughty and was kept home as a punishment." I ME T a little blue-eyed girl— She said she was five years old; "Your locket is very pretty, dear; And pray what may it hold?" And then—my heart grew chill and sick— The gay child did not flinch— "I found it—the tooth of a colored man— M y father helped to lynch." "And what had he done, my fair-haired child?" (Life and Death play a fearful game!) "Oh, he did nothing—they made a mistake— But they had their fun, just the same!" BERTHA JOHNSTON. LETTER BOX I am pleased to know that we have such a paper as TH E CRISIS. If the whole family of colored newspapers were more like it, how much better it would be for our race. Here in the community we have settled the "Race Problem," and some of our people, in fact most all, are shortsighted enough to think it is settled everywhere. There is some friction here, but it amounts to just the same as if they were all one—in fact, there is more trouble between colored and colored and white and white than between colored and white—a quarrel or fight between the two races being rare. The farmers in each race do not hesitate to exchange work and sit at each others' tables, and they trade as freely as if each were all white or all colored. I have no complaint at home, but let me travel away, then I find that there is a "Race Problem," and that "Race Problem" will have to be settled in some way. ESAU HARRIS, Cutler, Ohio. m The January number is splendid. I enjoyed it greatly. I wish those pictures of lynching could be put upon the moving-picture roll. That way, and that way only, will they speak to the multiplied thousands their sad truth. We often see upon the canvas the pictures of Indian cruelty to the white man; can't we turn it around and show them the white man's brutishness to the Negro ? We suffer almost anything (except lynching) right here in the beautiful land of sunshine. Civil privileges are here unknown. You can't bathe at the beaches, eat in any first-class place, nor will the street car and sight-seeing companies sell us tickets if they can possibly help it. I am speaking from experience. MRS. LOUISE MCDONALD, Los Angeles, Cal. m I have read and kept every issue of your most interesting magazine since its first publication, and I am as pleased to get each fresh copy as a child with its Santa Claus. The covers are always pretty, and I adore those like the "Quadroon," with that bit of delicious verse, and February's, displaying the flowers of our race, the most Its pages fill a long-felt want. This, with the problem books and plays, will do much to lift the "awful burden." MATTHEW BENNETT, New York City. m I ought also to tell you of the great satisfaction with which I read TH E CRISIS. It is an admirable publication; I don't see how it could be better. It fills the bill exactly, and I think we ought to thank you for it. I do every month. CHARLES EDWARD RUSSELL, New York City. (In answer to a request for pictures.) I am thoroughly in sympathy with what you are doing, but find that I cannot arrange to supply you with all that you wish. I consulted our one colored photographer here, and he does not think it possible, or at least practicable, for him to secure any of the photographs except those of the schools and the churches. You know what conditions are in this section, and can readily understand the position this photographer takes. He could hardly get some of those pictures without exciting comment or suspicion, or even being the object of violence. If you will let me know whether you would like to have pictures of the churches and schools I shall notify the photographer, and he will communicate with you. m I enclose a letter I received from the Canadian Superintendent of Immigration in reply to an inquiry about colored people in Western Canada. I think you will find it interesting. Ottawa, Canada, March 29, 1912. Sir: I have had referred to me by H . M . Williams, our agent at Toledo, your letter of the 23d inst, and I beg to say in reply that I do not think there are good openings for your people in Western Canada. We have had to send back to the United States quite a number of those who failed to succeed in the West, and on account of this it has been LETTER BOX found necessary to make a very careful for your people are better in the warmer medical examination of all colored people climate. applying for entry, with the result that a Your obedient servant, great many have been rejected. I do not think it would be advisable for you to come, (Signed) W. W. SCOTT, as I am quite sure that the opportunities Superintendent of Immigration. PUBLISHERS' CHA T The August number of TH E CRISIS will be Vacation Number. It will tell where to rest, and what it will cost, with some consideration of the end and meaning of rest. Then there will be a short story and the pictures will be unusually striking. CITIES WITHIN THE VEIL—We shall begin in the September number a series of articles on the various cities of the world which have a large colored population. They will treat of the life of these thousands in an interesting way. BABIES—The October number of TH E CRISIS will be Children's Number. This is the month of school beginnings and family reunions. W e want pictures of colored children of eight years of age or less, especially babies. W e shall give three prizes to the three most interesting pictures. Pictures must reach us not later than September 10th. AGENTS—Some of our agents in returning unsold copies forget to put their names and addresses on the package. Please be careful; remember that TH E CRISIS has now 315 agents distributed in every State in the Union and in several foreign lands. They are a picked lot, taken only on careful recommendation. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER The Meeting Place of Business and Proficiency A professional man advertised in TH E CRISIS for a partner with capital The profession is one that offers little encouragement to colored men and yet he writes: '' Kindly stop the advertisement in TH E CRISIS, as my want has been filled. We appreciate the very good results (from TH E CRISIS) and will forward check on the 15th." A large corporation advertised in TH E CRISIS for a general manager with capital. The wording of their advertisement eliminated all inquirers save those with capital and experience. They write: '' We believe that one of the parties is really interested in our proposition and will close with him in a few days." They '' closed'' with him and have since advertised for other high-grade help. There is our story in a nutshell. Those who require high-grade help should use our "Help Wanted" columns, and those who are trained or experienced as high-grade helpers should advertise their services where they may reach the largest number of possible employers. HELP WANTED TEACHERS WANTED Music, lady, unmarried; voice, violin and piano. Bookkeeper and stenographer. Farm manager. Good Salaries. Mutual Teachers' Agency 1335 T Street, N. W. Washington, D. C. RELIABLE, LIVE, RESPONSIBLE MEN who can sell real estate can MAKE MORE than $200 PER MONTH acting as AGENT S for the sale of our properties in MUSKOGEE and TAFT, OKLAHOMA. The real coming country where there are opportunities and openings for all. Write us to-day, giving your age and experience, and we will offer you a FIX E PROPOSITION WHICH WILL MAKE YOU MONEY. Address REEVES REALTY GO. Department C 217 Flynn-Ames Bldg. Muskogee, Okla. AGENTS—Represent reliable house, 400 per cent, profit. Selling GORDON' S Photo Pillow Tops. High grade work. Easy sales. Big money. Samples and catalogue free. Luther Gordon Co. 206 N. Fifth Ave., Chicago, Ill. RELIABLE HELP at all times for the most dis criminating employers. Out-of-town correspondence invited. References thoroughly investigated. Address: MISS I. L. MOORMAN 463 Lenox Avenue New York AREN'T YOU TIRED OF WORKING AT "so much per" piling up profits for somebody else! Would you consider a proposition of going in business for yourself without any investment but your time and talents? If so write and get our proposition. Young and old can make money with our proposition. THE NELSON SUPPLY CO., Harrisburg, Pa. AGENT S make big money selling our Negro pictures, size 16 x 20. ' 'Jesus Died for Both, *' "Clinging to the Cross," "Protecting Angel," ' 'Booker T . Washington," "Heavenward," ' 'A Mother's Joy,'' ''Inspiration,'1 ' 'Mama, I Love You," "Jack Johnson." Catalog free. Peoples Portrait Co., 710 W. Madison St., Dept. C, Chicago, HI. FOR SALE A n automatic addressing machine. Ad dresses envelopes, newspaper wrappers, fills in statements, letters, etc. A child can operate it. Will address 800 per hour. Invaluable in publishing house, insurance office or any business which handles a large correspondence. Address Addressing Machine, care THE CRISIS 26 Vesey Street, New York MUTUAL TEACHERS' AGENCY Recommends teachers for schools; secures employment for teachers. Blanks and information furnished free on application. 1335 T Street, N. W. Washington, D. C. Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 151 BOOKS I REAL ESTATE The Curse of Race Prejudice James F . Morton, Jr , AM. , Author and Publisher. Forceful, rational, comprehensive. An arsenal of facts and unanswerable arguments. Invaluable for propaganda. Bead the chapter on 'The Bug bear of Social Equality," which is a veritable eye opener. Thousands already sold. Agents wanted everywhere. PRICE 25 CENTS Address the Author at 244 West 143d Street, New York, N. Y. The Power of Womanhood A Speech by Joseph Wellington PRICE 20 CENTS Sold by THE STANDARD NEWS COMPANY 131 West 53d Street, New York AGENTS WANTED EVERYWHERE PATENTS L. H. LATIMER MECHANICAL AND ELECTRICAL ENGINEER and SOLICITOR OF PATENTS 55 John Street New York Inventions Perfected, Models and Experimental Machines Designed and Constructed. Technical Translations. Telephone 343 John Room 604 MUSIC HELEN ELISE SMITH CONCERT PIANIST Post-Graduate of the Institute of Musical Art Pupil of Sigismund Stojowsky Teacher of Piano, Theory, Ear-training, etc. 224 EAST 86TH STREET, NEW YORK CITY Composer ART. NAYLOR Playwright Original songs and acts written to order. Music set to words, words set to music. Acts and songs revised. Correspondence solicited. Terms reasonable. 830 S. 3d St., Springfield, Ill. REGALIA A RACE ENTERPRISE Manufacturing Badges, Banners and Sup plies for all Fraternal and Church Societies. Catalogue upon request. CENTRAL REGALIA CO. Jos. L. Jones, Pres. N. E. Cor. 8th and Plum Streets Cincinnati, Ohio Valuable Texas Lands For Sale Large tracts of farm land in the best localities of the State for sale at very flattering prices. Small tracts of good lands suitable for farming, truck, fruits and any domestic product. We have for sale a number of large farms already in cultivation, good houses an ' barns, wells, and nice pasture lands, which can be obtained at reasonable rates. City property a specialty. Business lots in the best part of the city, improved and unimproved. Large lots suitable for factory property with switch facilities. No investment can be more valuable than an investment in Texas real estate. Lands are becoming so valuable that they are doubling themselves in value in less than a year's time. For any investment in Texas property, write T. B. Madison Real Estate Company, 2416 Elm Street, Dallas. Texas. To Colored People FOR SALE— We have houses from $1,000 to $30,000. Oar city is the capital of Ohio and a great manufacturing center—plenty of work, a good place to locate for business. Can sell you a house for $50. $100 to $500 down, balance like rent. For investment and speculating houses or business places, $1,000 to $5,000 down, balance on long time payment. Farm land prices from $1,000 to $10,000 up. Any of these are in good locations. Write for further information. THIS IS A COLORED ENTERPRISE. EDWARD A. SHANKLIN Real Estate 1218 1/2, Mt. Vernon Ave Columbus. Ohio MOVING Telephone 4214 Greeley BRANICS EXPRESS PACKING AND SHIPPING ANDREW J. BRANIC Formerly Manager Virginia Transfer Company 459 SEVENTH AVENUE New York City Orders by mail or 'phone receive prompt attention TRUNKS STORED 25c. PER MONTH Official Expressman for the C. V. B. A. UNDERTAKERS Telephone Columbus 3935 Open All Night RODNEY DADE &amp; BROS. Undertakers and Embalmers Notary Public Funeral Parlor and Chapel Free. Licensed Lady Embalmer Prompt Service 266 West 53d Street New York, N. Y. Between Broadway and 8th Avenue SCHOOLS Learn Algebra or Shorthand Writing During your spare time. Complete course: either one by mail, $14.00; book furnished. $2.00 down and then $1.00 a month until paid. We can accommodate 200 by mail. PERKINS SEMINARY 320 S. 10th Street Birmingham, Ala. Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER This Beautifully Ornamented Fifteen-Year Guaranteed Gold-Filled Pencil and Box of quality A leads sent to any address, postage prepaid, on receipt of ONE DOLLAR W e also have the same pencil at the same price in guaranteed sterling silver. For the lady's purse or chatelaine. For the gentleman's watch charm or guard. Fifteen-year guaranteed gold or silver for $ 1. Write Shippar-Nowell Co. Box 25, Station J New York City KELSEY'S Human Hair Goods and Hair Preparations Have stood the test for years. All the latest styles in Braids, Transformations, Puffs, Toupees, Wigs, etc., carefully matched to a sample of your hair, and beautifully made. Only the best hair used in manufacturing. KELSEY' S Hair Grower and Dressing, made of the purest Hair and Scalp foods, relieves the Scalp of all of the many diseases for which it is subject, causing the Hair to become soft and healthy, and POSITIVELY prevents its falling out. Puffs, Braids and Transformations, $1 up. Hair Grower and Dressing, $1. Send sample of hair for price quota tion. S. A. &amp; A. C. KELSEY 328 Lenox Avenue New York City 'Phone 2877 Lenox White Rose Working Girls' Home 217 East 86th Street Bet Second and Third Avenues Pleasant temporary lodgings for working girls, with privileges, at reasonable rates. The Home solicits orders for working dresses, aprons, etc. Address: . MRS. FRANCES E. KEYSER, Supt. BEAUTIFUL ART EXHIBIT Miss Cora Van Schoick is conducting a sale and exhibit of unusual interest at the WHIT E BOS S MISSION, 217 East 86th Street, New York. There is on sale hand-painted china and pillow tops, hand-made opera bags, pin cushions and novelties. These hand creations are suggestive for gifts and interior decorations. Telephone 3253 Harlem CARPET CLEANING Cleaners and Renovators For Particular People New York Careful Cleaning Bureau 12 West 135th Street We make a specialty of cleaning and renovating carpets, rugs, portieres and upholstered furniture; we also vacuum clean in the home. We are not the largest carpet cleaner in the world, but absolutely the most careful in every detail. SHAMPOOING CARPETS AND RUGS OUR SPECIALTY No. 4 Special Buggy $65.00 A value unequaled. Sold on $1.00 Profit Margin. Write for prices and other styles. Send for catalog. C. R. Patterson&amp; Sons GREENFIELD, OHIO Largest Negro carriage concern in the United States WIGINGTON &amp; BELL Architects Karbach Block Omaha, Neb. PATTERNS! PATTERNS!! Exclusive creations of Madame M . Beck, the well-known Dressmaker and Designer. Particular dressers and dressmakers will wait to see these new designs, which will be one of our new features beginning with the August number. Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Underwood Standard Typewriter The regular correspondence machines. Models No. 4 and No. 5. are the same in all respects except Model No. 5 has four extra keys for fractions and special characters. The UNDERWOOD is the most popular correspondence typewriter in the world. Its sales exceed those of any other machine. "The MachineEventually You Will Buy." Underwood TypewriterINCORPORATED Underwood Building New Co.  York PAMPHLETS Published by The National Association for the Advancement of Colored People 1. African Civilization: By M . D. Maclean. Price 2 cents. 2. The Brain of the American Negro: By Burt G. Wilder. Price 20 cents. 3. Social Control: By Jane Addams, of Hull House. Price 1 cent. 4. The Negro as a Soldier: By Brigadier-General Burt, U. S. A. Price 5 cents. 5. Leaving It to the South: A n experience and some conclusions by Charles Edward Russell. Price 5 cents. 6. Views of a Southern Woman: By Adelene Moffat. Price 2 cents. Address The Crisis Book Department 26 VESEY STREET NEW YORK Mention TH E PERSONAL CARDS Ten Years with Dr. D. C. White Telephone 7189 Morningside DR. JAMES A. BANKS DENTIST 204 WEST 133d STREET. NEW YORK Porcelain, Crown and Bridge Work a Specialty Pure Nitrous-Oxide Gas Administered J.	 DOUGLAS WETMORE Attorney and Counselor-at-Law 5 Beekman Street (Temple Court) New York City Tel. 6222 Cortlandt Cable Address, Judowet FREDERICK L. McGHEE Attorney and Counselor-at-Law Union Block, Fourth and Cedar Streets St. Paul, Minn. General Practice Notary Public WILLIAM R. MORRIS Attorney and Counselor-at-Law 1020 Metropolitan Life Building Minneapolis, Minn. Real Estate and Probate Matters a Specialty ROBERT B. BARCUS Attorney and Counselor-at-Law Notary Public Office: Room 502, Eberly Block, Columbus. O. B. S. SMITH Attorney and Counselor-at-Law Offices: Suite 610, Sykes Block. Minneapolis, Minn. GEORGE W. MITCHELL Attorney-at-Law 908 Walnut Street Philadelphia, Pa. Tel. 2026 Fort Hill Cable Address, Epben EDGAR P. BENJAMIN Attorney and Counsellor-at-Law 34 SCHOOL STREET Boston, Mass. Telephone Connection W. Ashbie Hawkins George W. F. McMechen HAWKINS &amp; McMECHEN Attorneys-at-Law 21 East Saratoga Street Baltimore, Md. CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER GOOD COMMISSION PAID TO Too, Too! Too, Too! Too, Too ORGANIZERS. JOIN NOW! SOMETHING NEW The Afro-American Order of Orioles Wit h a Graduated Scale of Endowment HOME OFFICE: 1101/2 Colfax Ave., South Bend, Ind. For particulars write G. W. BLAND, H. S. P. S. A. KELSEY, Pres. DR. WM. J. CARTER, Chiropodist. MME. A. C. KELSEY, Gen'l Instr. The Kelsey School of Beauty Culture and Hair Dressing 328 Lenox Avenue, New York City Manicuring, Shampooing, Hair Dressing, Beauty Culture, Hair Making and Chiropody scientifically taught. Day and night sessions. Instructions given to pupils in their own homes if desired. Diplomas awarded. Send for booklet-directory of recently graduated students. Make Your Spare Moments Profitable tjl The continued growth of TH E CRISIS necessitates the extension of our field force, and we need representatives in all cities to establish sub-agencies and look after renewals. f l If you can spare a few hours each month to look after our interests in your city, we can make you a proposition that will interest you. The work is dignified as well as profitable. = = = = = ADDRESS BUSINESS MANAGER ' THE CRISIS, 26 Vesey Street, NEW YORK Mention TH E CRISIS. The TESTING FIRE By ALEXANDER CORKEY Author of "The Victory of Allan Rutledge" Is the Sanest Story Ever Written on the Race Problem It is the first story ever written on the race question, by a white man, that is not antagonistic to the colored race. EVERY FREEDMAN SHOULD READ IT Through its pages runs a sweet romance, but it is more than a love story. It is a novel of uplift, accomplishment and promise. No One Interested in the Race Question Should Miss It Price $1.25 Net; Postage 10 Cents Extra The H. K. FLY COMPANY, Publishers NEW YORK CITY This book is for sale in the Book Department of TH E CRISIS, 26 Vesey Street, New York YOUR LOCAL PRINTER may be able to do your ordinary printing, but your business and personal stationery, wedding invitations, calling cards, pamphlets, etc., require that particular attention which our experience and facilities afford you. As first-class printers in New York City, we are subject to the most exacting demands, since new designs and type formations must be constantly originated to satisfy a large clientele of most discriminating patrons. W e refer you to Mr . Conde Nast, of Vogue; we print TH E CRISIS. Write for samples and special quotations. ROBERT N. WOOD, Printing and Engraving 202 EAST 99th STREET NEW YORK 'Phone 6667 Lenox Mention TH E CRISIS. This magnificent hotel, replete with every modern improvement, claims distinction for its location; direct Southern exposure. Superlative in construction, appointments, service and refined patronage. Endorsed by leading representative citizens. Concerts daily by the Abyssinia orchestra. Garage, bathhouses, tennis, etc., on premises. Special attention given to ladies and children. Literature and information mailed upon request. E. W. DALE, Cape May, N. J., Owner and Proprietor "HALF A MAN" The Status of the Negro in New York By MARY WHITE OVINGTON With a foreword by Dr. Franz Boas of Columbia University Chapter I. How the colored people won their civil and political rights. Chapters II. and III. The Negro tenement and the life of the poor. Chapters IV. and V. How the colored man earns his living, with a full descrip tion of the professions; the ministry, the stage. Chapter VI. The colored woman, her discouragements and successes. Chapter VII. A vivid description of the life of the well-to-do Negroes. ' Chapter VIII. The Negro in politics in New York. Chapter IX. The author's personal views on the race question. Price $1.00; by mail, $1.12. LONGMANS, GREEN &amp; CO., Publishers, NEW YORK This book is for sale in the Book Department of The Crisis, 26 Vesey St., N. Y. Mention TH E CRISIS.