The Egoist , made Published on the 1st of each month The Egoist AN INDIVIDUALIST REVIEW Formerly the NEW FREEWOMAN No. 7.—Vol. II. THURSDAY, JULY 1st, 1915. Sixpence. Editor: Harriet Shaw Weaver. Assistant Editor: Richard Aldington. Contributing Editor: Dora Marsden, B.A. CONTENTS. Compulsion and Freedom of Conscience. By Dora Marsden page 101 Pushkin and the Russian Opera. By M. Montagu-Nathan 105. French Poems. By P. J. Jouve 106. Notes on Modern German Poetry. By A. w. G. Randall 106 Serial Story.—A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man. By James Joyce ........107 The Poetry of Amy Lowell. By Richard Aldington 109 Passing Paris. By Madame Ciolkowska . page 111 Fagott (" The Bassoon "). Translated by A. w. G. Randall. 112 Poems.—By Richard Aldington, Amy Lowell, and A. w. G. Randall ......... 113 A French Book. By M. C. 114 Some Books Received. By Richard Aldington . 114 Correspondence ........ 115 COMPULSION AND FREEDOM OF CONSCIENCE By Dora Marsden TO the elaboration of the meaning of Rights in our last issue very little needs to be added in order to make clear what connexion " Rights " and the more generalized form of " Right " bear to the " spiritual " institution we call Conscience. Out of this connexion it will be possible to unravel the confusion from whence has arisen the controversy about an individual " Right " to a " Free " Conscience. An illuminating instance of the extent to which beliefs are swayed by the preferences of the believer is afforded by the fact that it is precisely that temperament which most doggedly resists all evidence that Rights depend ultimately on Force which, when times become critical, does not hesitate to abandon every trace of the additional meaning which Right certainly has in comparison with Might and without compunction identify the two. The kind of minds which could see no reason why the Rights which they enjoyed and were most zealous in holding up to Honour should be furnished with the Force adequate to safeguard them, is prepared when faced with a crisis to maintain that their own individual power to exercise Force constitutes in itself a Right to exercise it. Because, for instance, they have the power to resist being compelled personally to assist a fighting service, they are now ready to believe that because they possess it, they also possess a " Right " to exercise it: a quite different thing. What they do possess is not a Right to resist but the Power to resist. Inasmuch as " Right " possesses a meaning in any way more complex than Might (Force), this meaning is that Right is Might which has submitted itself, tacitly or formally, to be regulated in its exercise by terms laid down by yet another sheer Force—the State. As long, therefore, as reliance is placed upon " Right," it is not possible to exercise one's own physical Might save as demanded or allowed by the State in whom its direction has been vested: these being the conditions under which Rights are called into Being. It is in virtue of so vesting them and thus foregoing their personal command and direction the exercise in our favour—for certain specific and limited ends—of all the combined Mights so vested is obtained. The expectation, amounting practically to certainty, that they will be so exercised constitutes the substance of our Rights, and to the ready and willing execution of it is attributed the general term " Right." The metamorphosis by which Mights are transmuted into Rights has thus a twofold bearing, either of which is adequate in itself to dispose of any " Right " to resist State compulsion—say—to military service. In the first place, the abandonment of all claims to exercise physical violence—save in a few specified circumstances —is a precondition of the exercise on the individuals' behalf of the combined weight of the amalgamated Force which is the State. The one acts in this respect only when the other has agreed not to act. And the second pre-condition to the process of transmuting Mights into Rights is the readiness and willingness of the individuals concerned to fulfil their part of the transaction in good faith: actually to deposit and place at the State's disposal their powers of defence and aggression. Only so can the State achieve actual Being and Potency. The combined organized force of individuals made possible by the contracting out of their disposal and direction is what constitutes the State. A State is begotten in the first instance by a force which can attract into combination with itself sufficient individual powers as will enable it to assume the responsibilities of acting as the violent Proxy for all: which responsibilities necessitate the continued maintenance of a combative strength sufficient to withstand any combination which can form itself against it. * * * * The attitude of mind, therefore, which considers itself " Right " in refusing to deliver upon demand its individual combative force ruptures the arrangement which is the foundation of Right, and, given a modicum of forethought, it would be clear there could be no expectation of the protective forces continuing through the agency of which even the recalcitrant ones have been enabled to assume and profit by all Rights whatsoever. A refusal of obedience to the call of the State may be " wise " or " unwise," it may be " expedient " or " inexpedient," or " heroic " or " foolhardy ": what it may not be—if language is to be allowed to safeguard its conventions at all—is " Right." Rights or " Right " have no more pertinence to such a relation than has, say, colour to numbers. Such refusal negates Right just as on the part of the State, defaulting and treacherous conduct would negate it. * * * * Doubtless the tendency to confuse Rightfulness on the one hand with praiseworthiness and ability on the other goes some way towards explaining the intellectual befoggedness which lays claim to these peculiar species of Rights. And as for praiseworthiness, it is not strange that an ordinary intelligence should consider that what is in good repute is " Right " and that in poor repute " Wrong." Almost the entire structure of repute— Public Opinion, Honour—is created by those who also lay down the terms of Right: the Authorities in power. The manufactories of opinion are in their hands—Religion, Society, Education, and Culture generally. While therefore, that which is Right and that which is held in Honour largely coincide, there does exist a fringe of distinction which is just sufficient to confuse the unobservant. Admiration and good repute upon occasion do trickle down in streams of which the channels are not dug out by command of Authority. Bravery, for instance—if it is not exhibited in a totally hopeless undertaking—with but the slightest regard to its context, is quite commonly admired and almost entirely off its own bat wins good repute: though even here success is a powerful factor. If the chances of success are very poor the " good repute" of the bravery is distinctly affected: it is indeed termed not bravery but fool-hardiness, and admiration is only reluctant. This instinct, however, to lend admiration to a good fight against great odds on a bare chance of succeeding: this readiness to give approval to courage, does tend to bewilder the minds of those whose courage and earnestness exceeds their philosophic intelligence. The result is that, in a monotonous world, the achieving of a sense of originality and unconventionalness which a declension from the morality of the moment makes possible, taken in conjunction with a quite genuine tribute which often goes with it, leads them to believe that the conduct which gains it is not merely " Heroic " but Right. In addition, the chance that the show of violence, if successful, may in the course of time become the basis of new terms of Right lends further support to the view. With the common run of Martyrs, however—the genuine passive resisters—their claim to being in the " Right " is rather more a display of " bounce " in which its exponents successfully rely upon the momentary goodwill of the crowd to flout the authorities. This is not, by any means, to say that such boldness blossoms forth out of empty nothingness—quite the contrary. It will be found to be inspired always by its corresponding species of " competence "—" power "—usually as much to the surprise of its exhibitors as of the Powers who are suddenly placed at a disadvantage by it. Oddly enough, the finding of ourselves in actual possession of our own " competence," " ability," " power," is calculated to give us a feeling of astonishment: a result due, no doubt, to the fact that we are members of a community ruled for ages on traditions of " Right." Citizens of a great State come to regard the commuting of their individual Might in the sense of physical violence as so much a matter of course that they get a sensation of surprise upon realizing that their " competence "— though contracted out—still inheres in their own person. They are considerably astonished to learn how "awkward " they can be, when they set themselves to try. An efficiently working system of Rights tends to make men loose sight of the fact that though they loan their Might as to direction and purpose, they do not by that fact divest themselves of it. It remains, in the end as in the beginning, part of ourselves. Forces, in such measure as we possess them, are ultimately, though never " Rightfully," our own, and the display of " Passive Resistance " is merely this ultimate Might revealing itself and what it can do. It is a display not of Right, but of Might. So too with other Rights popularly supposed: the " Right to Live," for instance. Slaves and labourers employed at the barest subsistence rate of remuneration have not the " right " but the " power " to live: they are able, because of what they have the power to do, to wrest the means of subsistence from those to whom they can make their existence a necessity. That they are not kept alive out of any consideration for their " right " to live but only on account of their power to make it worth some one's while to keep them alive, is made abundantly clear by the fact that when their " competence " is better by some other means which do not necessitate their being kept alive, they are—either promptly or reluctantly—turned adrift to fend for themselves: which means a testing afresh that they have not so much the " Right " to keep alive as the Power. * * * * The foregoing, however, would be regarded as pertinent only to the formal, legal interpretation of " Right." The " Right " which the persons under consideration have in mind is Spiritual Right: the " Rightness to which the " Conscience " alone can give the true affirming " Yea." " Legal Right " is to " Spiritual Right " but as the husk to the kernel. So the issue is diverted to the meaning of " Conscience." Right, far from being amenable to a forthright examination, holds part and lot with the " Mysteries," therefore: human affairs being swathed about and honeycombed through with— Mystery. Government, Religion, Conscience, Soul, Spirit, upon the slightest provocation, will all hark back to explain themselves by the help of the " mysterious." Necessarily of so persistent and comprehensive a characteristic one must seek an explanation, and that explanation it seems that the tabooed phenomenon of " Flattery" is likely to furnish. Efforts to explain the nature of Government, of Religion, Conscience and the like, cannot succeed until an unprejudiced attention is given to the meaning and import of Flattery. Flattery and Violence are the two axles upon which turn the entire conduct of life, yet it is to be noted, in a World of Words, remarkably few are wasted on either of them. The two most important institutions of life have been well protected from the delusions and disintegrations of Speech. As the result of such limited scrutiny as they have received it has been the office of words to invest both with an ill odour: with intent, presumably, to discourage the gaily venturesome from penetrating further. It is because of this reluctance to speak of the place and importance of Flattery in human life that psychology has been pulled up on all sides by " Mystery." It will be found that there are but few " mysteries " in human life to which flattery cannot furnish the key. There seems to be nothing to encourage the notion that the essential spirit of flattery is a human feature. It is not flattery in itself but the misprising of it which is peculiarly human: being a habit made possible through the facilities offered by Speech. In itself, Flattery represents nothing less than a knowledge how to produce, at will, the sensation of growth: of expansion of spirit: a sensation in itself wholly one of pleasure. By Flattery, there can be experienced, as it were " in the act," the sensation of growth: which sensation is absent from more normal growth because of its gradual rate of achievement. The resulting effect is a sense of pleasure intoxicating to a degree with which other so-called " physical " pleasures are too short-lived to compare. Essentially, Flattery is " forced growth," and it is in this sense that it is synonymous with Culture. It is the practical application of a Science of Life, inasmuch as it comprises the knowledge of and application of means, at once to enlarge life and enrich it with pleasurable content. Such being the potentialities of Flattery to influence men through the pleasure of growth, it would be strange indeed if it were put to no use in those departments of life where men meet together and are in positions favourable to the influencing of one another. We find no such neglect of an admirable means. Flattery alternates and intertwines with Violence as the means of governing and controlling the world of men. Civilization alternates and intertwines with war. Of the two, Flattery—though under another name—makes headway so steadily that there tends to grow up a forgetful-ness of the strength of the other axle—Violence—about which life turns: a forgetfulness which never fails to be made good, however, in the course of time. * * * * The examination of the place of Flattery in government is peculiarly interesting because of the almost entirely successful efforts which the Ruling Castes make to effect a corner in it, and to get into their own hands its entire public application. It is to this end that language is used to admirable purpose. By means of language it becomes possible to establish all the semblance of distinction in one and the same thing, according to the needs of a situation. Thus, there is the Flattery which is permitted to filter in the warranted channels and by authority of the Rulers. This Flattery is Honour. And there is the Flattery which is self-applied, or applied by others for the sole end of giving pleasure to the recipient, without regard to the " Honourable " label. This is Plain Flattery: the species held up for contempt and derision. This distinction between Flattery and Honour—according as it is " irresponsibly " or " competently " conferred—is maintained with un-relaxing strictness. In order that irresponsible use may be made as difficult as possible, the first tenet in the Code of Honour is that a man shall not consider himself empowered to flatter himself even after he has been crowned with Honour in the orthodox manner. Hence the steady growth of " Modesty ": the antidote of Flattery. A man of Honour must be modest. The proper thing for him to do under popular acclaim is to blush—which is to give the sign that he discounts the Flattery save as courtesy. Should he fail in Modesty not even the deeds which won him public praise will be excuse sufficient to condone this falling short of the mode which is correct for the honourable man. Accordingly, men have come to shrink with horror from being discovered " enjoying themselves " in any way save that which is conventionally permitted, and ridicule of the self-flattered has become the most effective bludgeoning instrument of Society and the State. Thus do the Ruling Castes keep control of the stream of " Good Opinion," while the pleasure which emanates from it remains as necessary to most men as bread or air or water. * * * * Of this subtle and insinuating power thus securely in their possession, the most masterly use to which they have put it is the creation of Conscience. If men were stoically content under the apprehension that for the mass of men in most of the activities of life it is necessary to bow in submission, the institution of Conscience would be without a purpose. But because men prefer to believe that they are bold, free fellows who if they submit at all it is of their own free will, the spiritual institution of Conscience suggests itself almost as a necessity: particularly so when this interesting foible of the human mind is seconded by the powers which lie in language to gloze, confuse, hypnotize and flatter, and so make all the amiable deceptions of civilizations an easy matter. Thanks, therefore, to the proneness of men to flattery, and the facility towards flattery which lies in words, it becomes a practical proposition to set about inculcating the belief that at the nethermost base of things lies, not Force but Words, and that all issues finally are to be decided by Words. If the Authority of the Civil State has associated itself too obviously with the gibbet and the sword to be the most convincing party to press home such a doctrine, all that is necessary is that Authority change its garb and reappear in its other and less world-worn one of Religion. Thereupon what from the Civil Power are the blunt commands of the Authority of Superior Violence, reappear in Religion as the loving persuasions of Light and Leading. The dictates of Superior Violence soften into the persuasive manner of the " Higher Law." Thus disguised as " The Word," and invested with the character of the Divine; the more-than-human: the commands of a State are presented to its subjects for observance under another aspect. Under cover of "The Word " authority finds it can withdraw itself from the rougher kind of contact. Because upon rough handling it would reveal itself as unadorned State-Compulsion the fiat goes forth: " The Word " shall not be touched, and it thereupon assumes the Veil and Halo of Mystery: it has become Sacred. By dint of this Mystery, The Word becomes paramount over the empowered but more mundanely apparelled offices of the State, and highest Honour goes to such as can seem to pay it the deepest homage. Thus does Law as " The Word " manage to secure for itself the maximum zeal of disciples in place of the grudging submission of forced adhesion. In place of being the harsh taskmaster Necessity, it has succeeded in appearing as an all-beneficent Father. Under the guise of it has Religion achieved the democratic sublimation of Force into Persuasion. The means by which the miraculous has thus become easy and a commonplace, is—Flattery. Just where Necessity was likely to rub a place sore, where the skin was thinnest and friction likely to wear most, Flattery organized as Religion has applied its lubricating oil like a physician who is an artist. This is the clue to the meaning of the " Spiritual ": for " Spiritual " read " Verbal." It means the substituting of Flattery as a governing method for the " Violent." As a method it means stroking one the pleasant way with words in preference to striking one with a club or a fist. That is the "Spiritual's" explanation and its best justification. * * * * It is by keeping this community of meaning between the "Spiritual" and the "Verbal" in view that it becomes possible to understand the rôle filled by Conscience. Conscience is the specially trained sensitiveness of mind which charges itself with the discharge of verbal dues. These dues must be met at all costs. As to why it is so urgent they should be paid, Conscience is similarly trained to remain quite blind. They " must " because they " must." The Authority contained in " The Word " itself is sufficient and absolute. As far as Conscience is concerned, Words, and in particular the Sacred Word, is the foundation of things. By thus taking upon itself the office of Spiritual Police and thus zealously effecting in advance what the prison and gibbet would take toll for if in arrears, Conscience forestalls Compulsion and gives substance to the plea that men only obey because they " love to obey ": in proof of which it can cite you the zeal and alacrity which they show in obeying. Thus Conscience becomes not only the guardian of the behests of The Word but the guardian of the susceptibilities of those who obey it. It so quickens the Pride taken in obedience that it dims and extinguishes Prides of rivalling species: the Pride in not obeying, for instance: the pride of Power and Independence. By upholding The Word as absolute, resting on nothing and requiring nothing save its own Authority, Conscience establishes a new definition of " Right." Right becomes obedience to The Word, and Wrong a hesitation in obedience: particularly hesitating to the end of raising a question about Obedience. For the maintenance of the Intactness, Wholeness, Sanctity, Sacredness of the Word is of the essence of Conscience. If its wholeness were to be broken in upon, it would lead to the negation of the entire meaning of Conscience. Therefore not merely to disobey The Word but to speak lightly of it or to handle it mundanely, must remain a " Liberty " intolerable to Conscience. Of The Word, speak it not abroad as other Words: nor discuss it as other Words: Discussion is not a process for that which is holy. Such being the necessary attitude of Conscience towards Liberty, how does there get abroad the notion about " Freedom of Conscience " which asserts the " conscientious " " spiritual " Rightness of questioning all things and judging all things including The Word itself? The answer appears to be that the notion is encouraged as an affair of method rather than as having any intellectual concern. The more a Conscience is employed " freely " discharging its responsibilities the less likelihood there is of loopholes being left for disturbing queries. Hence the positive value of an evergrowing increase in personal responsibility. Responsibility makes the Conscience more sensitive inasmuch as it becomes still more intimately identified with the verdicts of Honour and Dishonour which are attached to the manner of its discharge. Necessarily, therefore, the more sensitive Conscience becomes the more zealously it watches the interests of its charge. Hence to increase to the utmost limits—even to the point of encouraging the Conscience to imagine itself " free " to pass judgments upon The Word itself—is a natural temptation. If in the sequel, the too zealous ones become crazed with feasting too liberally upon the distending diet of Honour and begin to rend and tear The Word which it is their special function to keep intact and holy, it is merely one more illustration of the trite truth about a thing good in moderation becoming mischievous in excess. * * * * How just to make the Conscience understand that it would be the height of heinousness to be " free " with The Word, and yet lead it implicitly to believe that it is completely so free, is one of those things which are best explained by setting about doing them practically. It is like a person who cannot swim beginning to, or like knowing how to keep an uneasy construction like a bicycle erect and able to carry highly damagable goods. As a matter of common experience the bicycle, ordinarily, is kept steady and erect: so too is the Conscience deprived of liberty and yet set at liberty. In both cases success is achieved by a similar means: by keeping them steadily moving. The balance is too delicate to stand much arguing with. A too-long pause on the nature of the operation proves fatal. As regards " Freedom of Conscience," it is a practical operation for Religion to effect. A successful Religious caste will understand that while it is good to impute Freedom to "Conscience," there must be an unconscious understanding that it is a Freedom which does not extend to The Word at least. * * * * A Religious caste which fails to maintain its disciples in this illusion while yet always steering them wide of putting it to the test, has failed in its most important and delicate function. It is a Religion's business to make its followers anxious to submit to external compulsion and yet remain completely unaware of the existence of any external compulsion. It should know how to keep men so concerned with the incidents of submission that they are blind to the fact that they are genuinely submissive. It should know how to provide all those conundrums which make entertainment about the manner of applying the text, so that questions about the basis of the text remain unthought of. Such popular riddles, for instance, as that one about whether it is " Right " to tell the truth upon all occasions, or whether upon occasions a lie would be " Right " (i.e. commendable to Conscience), is an excellent sample of the kind: quite entertaining enough to banish to the furthest remoteness any question about the value of " Truth " itself. Thus are the zealous trained into the understanding that they are " Free " to obey The Word with fervour and even uniqueness but not pryingly to undermine with questions its absolute nature. It is the decadence in the Church which corresponds to a like one already referred to in the State, of the instinct to rule which has failed to understand the imperative necessity of an Order of Initiates whose first duty it is to keep in view this supreme function. Otherwise, genuine intellectual humour must become a lost joy. The misapprehension, therefore, of the " Free Con-sciencist " of to-day who argues with himself as to whether it is " Right " to submit to State-compulsion, is the one common to Christian, and other brands of anarchists everywhere. * * * * They mistake the insinuating Politenesses of Peace— a mere manner for the substance of the situation. The flowery verbal mounds intended to conceal by adorning the spot where lie buried the harsher instruments which have modelled the frameworks of peace, and which still keep them in condition, are mistaken for the impenetrable basic rock. They have believed not wisely but too well, that "In the beginning was The Word." This legend, were frankness a wholly unmitigated blessing, should read, " In the end was affixed The Word ": the label to the jar already filled. Were it so to read, however, it would be a tribute paid to " truth " at the cost of a system which seeks to multiply the pleasure of men's lives while endeavouring to suppress to vanishing-point life's less pleasurable features: a system comforting, if not over-safe. These " adaptations " of truth are conventions laudable enough for the artistry with which the augmenting of the sum of life's pleasure and the minimizing of its dissatisfactions is effected. That so comfortable a system should be devoid of disadvantages is not probable, and it is among the more serious of these that the Saints which it fosters and is its intent to foster should carry saintliness to the lengths of imagining that their refusal to live by violence makes it possible to live apart from means which are violent. What actually happens is that they become inspired with the desire to slip their quota of the distasteful " violence " upon the shoulders of others, who must either carry it or permit to lapse the conditions under which saintliness becomes a conceivable proposition. The handling of these Saints—those who " believe " only too well—whether of the Church of Christ or of Humanity is a delicate affair: as is the " problem " —how to accept anarchy—which ultimately is death— as the ideal of civilization while yet upholding all the means necessary to Life. * * * * Yet government—Civil or Religious—advisedly suffers fools even with gladness. A sensitive Conscience conjoined with a not too penetrating intellect is equal to a staff of police: and even though unintelligence is provoking and has dangers greater than recalcitrancy even, it remains doubtful whether the " nature of things " would be made the clearer by any brusque rending of the veil of Sacredness. Knowledge, to be effective, has to be achieved from within. Hence fond beliefs, such as those of " Rights " to a " Free " Conscience, are to be recognized for what they are—the obverse side of zeal in the prescribed virtues, and preferably to be countered by a benevolent forbearance than by a too great insistence upon " fact." At any rate, for a government not to endeavour to accommodate their idiosyncrasies would be a singular ineptitude, since they are essentially the " good subjects." They obey the law not merely perfunctorily but with good will. Times of peace will come again and the vogue of the " good subject " and the usefulness of these admirable types of the " Obedient " will return with them. This type of subject is the ornament: the bright particular Star: of the system which has to compel by persuasion, and as long as the numbers of those who imagine seriously that they submit to compulsion only because they love to is limited to no more than a handful a show of sufferance can do little harm. Only when—as, unfortunately, is the case—their industrious zeal along the paths of peace results in raising them into positions of affluence from whence they can—by " controlling " important sections of the Press—give to the dissemination of their doctrines an audience inordinately great in proportion to their number does their influence become a serious menace and danger to the community in which they have waxed great. PUSHKIN AND THE RUSSIAN OPERA By M. Montagu-Nathan II DARGOMIJSKY, Glinka's successor, is also a composer whose influence can easily be traced in the work of the later school. He was a pioneer in the same sense as Gluck, Wagner and Ibsen. He was quite as deeply embued with the spirit of nationalism as was his forerunner and he is moreover to be regarded as the initiator of those dramatic reforms that became the " programme " of the five younger composers, Balakiref, Cui, Borodin, Moussorgsky and Rimsky-Korsakof, forming the little brotherhood known as " The Invincible Band." Dargomijsky went three times to Pushkin. The rejection of an opera-ballet " The Triumph of Bacchus " (the first instance) by the directorate of the Petrograd Imperial Theatre so discouraged the composer that for some years his work upon " Russalka " was put aside. The ultimate success of this setting of Pushkin's poetic story of a jilted maiden turned water-nymph is traced to a modification of the attitude hitherto prevailing towards art-works of the kind— the public was now quite prepared to accept a mere miller's wench as heroine. But Dargomijsky's most important essay upon a Pushkin text is the " Stone Guest." This—a version of " Don Juan "—was one of three little " dramatic fancies " written about 1830. They were not intended for publication. The " Covetous Knight," which has been given an operatic guise by Rakhmaninof—also responsible for " Aleko," based on Pushkin's " Gypsies "—was described by the poet as being " after " Shenstone; the original has never transpired. The third of these is " Mozart and Salieri," in the writing of which Puskhin gave credence to the fanciful story that Salie ri poisoned his rival. The operatic settings of the " Stone Guest " and " Mozart and Salieri " together form one of the most curious pages in musical history. Dargomijsky, ever anxious to discountenance anything in the nature of a menace to the dignity of music-drama, resolved not only to dispense with the usual divisions—arias, scenas and suchlike—but to banish the conventional librettist. The " Stone Guest" is therefore written from beginning to end in recitative and its composer has employed the original text of the poet unaltered. This extraordinary feat has since been repeated by Rimsky-Korsakof, who, as has been explained, was one of Dargomijsky's disciples. His " Mozart and Salieri " is a musical dialogue. It contains none of the incidental or decorative material usually associated with opera and its recitatival character is maintained throughout. A similar example is Debussy's " Pelleas et Melisande," a work in which the Frenchman advertises his esteem for the Russians and celebrates his escape from the Wagnerism that all but engulfed France. But for the choice of a chronological arrangement of the operas inspired by Pushkin, Tchaikovsky's " Evgenie Oniegin " must have secured precedence. " Evgenie Oniegin " was the first Russian novel ever written and is in verse. The young poet having given offence to authority by writing some verses in which he proclaimed Arakcheief as a tyrant, was banished to his country-house. There he studied the Bible, Shakespeare and Byron. Oniegin is clearly a grandchild of the Byronian creation. He compares himself to Childe Harold. He is a sort of superior man-about-town. Tchaikovsky describes the heroine, Tatiana, as "a young and virginal being, untouched as yet by the realities of life, a creature of pure feminine beauty, a dreamy nature ever seeking some vague ideal and striving passionately to grasp it. . . .It needs only the appearance of a man who—at least externally— stands out from the commonplace surroundings in which she lives, and at once she imagines her ideal has come, and in her passion becomes oblivious of self. . . If the fire of inspiration really burned within me when I composed the ' Letter Scene ' it was Pushkin who kindled it." * The subject of " Mazeppa " was suggested to Tchaikovsky by a friend. Bourenin's dramatised version of " Poltava" (Pushkin had changed the name of his poem to avoid confusion) did not at first inspire the musician as he had expected, but on resuming work after an interim of a year he read Pushkin's poem again and felt rather more drawn towards it. He records, however, that his enthusiasm was not aroused by " Poltava " as it had been by " Evgenie Oniegin." The composer of the "Pathetic" symphony has certainly made the most successful setting of the prose " Tales of Belkin." The " Queen of Spades " began as a popular story and is now a favourite opera. It is in the style of Hoffmann and punishment is visited on Hermann, its villain-hero, through the medium of the supernatural. Other tales from this series have been brought into the musico-dramatic literature. "Dou-brovsky," the story of a young landowner driven by the ravages of a treacherous neighbour to adopt brigandage as a means of livelihood, was chosen as the subject of an opera by Napravnik, the Bohemian orchestral conductor long enough resident in Russia to earn flippant mention by Karamazof père. " The Captain's Daughter "— an episode of Pugachof's rebellion—forms the material of an opera by Cesar Cui, whose earliest work for the stage was a setting of the " Prisoner of the Caucasus," a poem in which, to quote Mr. Baring, Pushkin annexed the Caucasus to Russian poetry. A further feat of " Russification " was his annexation of the Crimea. In the Palace of the Khans at Bagtchiserai is the Fountain of Tears immortalized by Pushkin; Arensky has used this material as the text of a Cantata. Cui took one more Pushkin subject, " The Feast in Plague-time," borrowed by the Russian poet from " Christopher North." That Russia's foremost singer should have been so largely inspired by Britons seems a fairly good foundation for an understanding between the nations. One would hardly have expected either John Wilson or William Shenstone to have contributed in this way to an entente. Byron's appeal is of course another matter, while Shakespeare's is universal. Pushkin's "Boris Godounof " is clearly the outcome of the study of such dramas as Richard III. The common experience of two such ardent nationalists as the poet of " Boris Godounof " and of Moussorgsky its composer is remarkable and quite noteworthy. Pushkin acknowledged his indebtedness for a profound love of folklore to his nurse, Arina Rodionovna, of whom there is a portrait in " Boris Godounof." Moussorgsky made a similar confession and gladly availed himself of this welcome opportunity of introducing folk-songs and nursery games into his score. Pushkin, as we have recorded, began with a folk-subject but failed to reproduce the true folk-style. When, however, he returned to the region of fantasy with the " Legend of Tsar Saltan," he succeeded in creating a splendid epic of Russian fairyland—a vast and thickly populated realm. " Tsar Saltan " is the subject of one of Rimsky-Korsakof's finest operas and it is sincerely to be hoped that the privilege of seeing it for ourselves will not much longer be denied us. Bilibin's pictures have already whetted the appetite of many, and so has the " Golden Cockerel," in which the same artistic trinity have been associated. Alexander Pushkin is as yet little known in these isles. His work will no doubt eventually become popularised by means of the reviews. But a Pushkin season of Russian Opera would appear to be an admirable method of securing for us an acquaintance with some of the best works of one who is reckoned among those who know him as one of the world's greatest poets. There would at any rate be no difficulty in drawing up the programme of such a scheme unless it were that of exclusion! * "Life and Letters of Tchaikovsky," translated by Rosa New-march (John Lane). FRENCH POEMS [We hope to print a column of recent French poetry in each number of the Egoist. The following poems are taken, by permission of the author, from P. J. Jouve's." Parler," Georges Crès, 1913.] INSTANTS IV LE crépuscule a les murs bruns, les livres, Trois fauteuils, un prie-Dieu, Et la cire du sol nu. Une lueur qui s'évapore aux jardins Et fait encore la blancheur Des rideaux crus et funèbres, N'est plus rien auprès du son, Quand la chair éprouve le double bourdon De la cathédrale voisine. Et dès que reprend à travers la nuit Une toux à demi morte, Je comprends ma petitesse, Malgré que la porte ouverte Laisse entrer jusqu'à mon souvenir Le passage d'une trompe Orageuse comme la ville. JEUX V Son rire absolument pur Eclaire le fond de la cour Immobile et sans soleil. Cela tremble au fond de la cour. Et tout le creux de la cour Entre les fausses fenêtres Est un rire d'enfant pur. Personne ne répondra. C'est un caillou qui coule Au fond d'une eau sans rives. Passe une trompe d'auto. La cour est plus noire encore. L'enfant se met à courir, Puis il pleure la tête au mur. IX Entre quatre murs, Ton silence est affreux. Voyons, nous sommes seuls. Voyons, tu peux rire. Ce sont les quatre murs Qui font ombre le soir A nos jeux. Je te dis cela, mon Dieu! Ne te méprends pas sur moi. C'est une imprudente parole, Ce n'est rien de plus. Ne vas-tu pas rire, Un peu, sous tes yeux Pris par quatre murs? Le soir viendra vite. Un enfant bourdonne Entre les deux cours. On voit bien là-bas Un balcon dans l'air Portant une jeune femme. Ne vas-tu pas rire? XII Plongeons la rame. Un reflet mort s'en va de nous, Où les arbres profonds Sombrent longuement, Où nos faces bleues Sont mêlées de ciel noir. Ah, tes mains sur le bord Fraîchement peint! Le peuplier jaune Grince d'un oiseau. L'eau me tient humide. Le ciel est tout grand. Appuyons sur la rame Et regardons-nous. Sommes-nous si purs 1 P. J. Jouve. NOTES ON MODERN GERMAN POETRY By A. W. G. Randall III. The "Jung-Wien" and Prague Groups. OF other members of the so-called "Jung-Wien" group it is not necessary to say very much. Schnitzler, although a literary artist of the first rank, is not a poet according to the standard assumed in these notes; Hermann Bahr and Beer-Hofmann are dramatists rather than poets. There remain then the two lyrical poets, Paul Wertheimer and Felix Braun. The first is a Jew, like Schnitzler. He has published a good deal of verse, very little of which, however, is of high quality. It is too artificial, too ouvragé; it carries to an extreme, in fact, the tendencies present in Hugo von Hofmannsthal. Felix Braun is a far sincerer artist. His speciality is what the critics have labelled Kamerlyrik —chamber lyrical verse—a name which might equally well be given to most of Hofmannsthal's work. Still Felix Braun is even more limited; he never in his poems reaches even the length of a Puppenspiel and he has no dramatic faculty. Some one—I think it was Ernst Lissauer, the ail-too-famous writer of the " Hymn of Hate "—once compared Braun's poems with Schubert's Sonatas. The comparison is apt, for in neither the one nor the other is there any passion, any great emotion. Felix Braun treats of such subjects as parental love and the pain of separation with a tenderness and often with a melancholy which are not without charm, but are almost always too subjective. The poem that entirely represents him begins thus: The world for me is covered with snow And my house has darkened windows; In my solitude I write perforce my letters and my songs . . . The difference between the " Jung-Wien " and the Prague groups is not one of style; it is, so to speak, a political difference. The members of the first group happened to meet in Vienna; they had, of course, certain aims in common, but no definite principles of art; what purely literary ideals, for example, can be said to have held Hermann Bahr and Hugo von Hofmannsthal together? General aims, one of which was to give some sort of expression to the life of the " Grosstadt," that is, Vienna—these aims and one or two minor, never major, literary characteristics, were all that gave to the term " Jung-Wiener " prominence and a meaning in histories of literature. Hermann Bahr's earlier prose essays make all this quite clear. The Prague Group, on the other hand, has a greater theoretical coherence. It consists, for one thing, entirely of poets, all of whom have some common points of style—strong symbolist influence, lyrical, as opposed to dramatic, faculty, mysticism, and a good deal of rhythmical skill. These things are, of course, not peculiar to the Prague poets, as will be seen in a moment; but they are generally characteristic of the whole group, not of individual members, as is the case with the " Jung-Wieners." The chief poets of the Prague group are Hugo Salus, Franz Werfel, Richard Schaukal, and Rainer Maria Rilke. The first may be compared with Paul Wertheimer. A characteristic poem is "Die Stunden " (The Hours) which begins: Before my house I saw the Hours stand And slowly, slowly turn in row on row; They stood in shadow and, as if it were a dream, They, weary sisters, scarcely seemed to move. Franz Werfel is a poet of quite another quality. He was born in 1890 at Prague. When only twenty-one he attracted great attention by his volume entitled " Der Weltfreund " (The Worldling) and two years later he considerably fulfilled the promise of this book by the volume " Wir Sind " (We are). It is to this second volume that the critics point when called upon to justify their confidence in Werfel's future. And if vigour, healthiness, and joy in life were all that one needed to become a great poet, there is no doubt that Werfel has already attained that eminence. He is largely under the influence of Whitman, philosophically and technically; his most representative poem is "Ein Lebenslied" (A Song of Life) in which he celebrates " will, action, and a life conscious of the earth." That sort of thing is perhaps a relief after the artificial and insipid melancholy of Salus, but until Werfel has shown that his technique and sense of form can equal his vigour of sentiment no one will be inclined to rank him with the immortals. Richard Schaukal, on the other hand, is a verse-craftsman of undoubted ability. His models are Alfred de Musset and José Maria de Herédia. In his early poems he was a decadent, a dandy among poets or, as he called himself, a " Stimmungsakrobat." There was too much artificial melancholy, self-pity, too much " pathetic fallacy." Such a question as he asks at the end of his poem " Rococo " is typical of his early work: Who will open to me the bolted doors Which lead to that world of pale nuances, Of madrigals and médisances? His later poems, however, are not mere " mood-acrobatics "; they are, in many instance, very fine lyrical performances, worthy to be included in any anthology of modern German poetry: It is, in short, when Schaukal writes songs, when he has the opportunity to display his really excellent technique, that he is at his best. He is most effective when he is most " liedhaft," and he is this in his later poems, particularly in the volume " Neue Verse " (New Verse) which was published in 1912. Here is the beginning of a song from that collection: In the grass I lie full length And look into the blue; I see clouds wander, wind-chased clouds, But I think of nothing at all. I only look . . . How far away is the time When my mind had peace. Schaukal, it is true, imitates and translates various French poets, but his chief admiration is reserved for Rainer Maria Rilke, the foremost member of the Prague group, and one of the most noteworthy of modern German poets. But Rilke must be left for a separate note. A PORTRAIT OF THE ARTIST AS A YOUNG MAN By James Joyce CHAPTER V {continued) THE rain fell faster. When they passed through the passage beside the Royal Irish Academy they found many students sheltering under the arcade of the library. Cranly, leaning against a pillar, was picking his teeth with a sharpened match, listening to some companions. Some girls stood near the entrance door. Lynch whispered to Stephen: —Your beloved is here.— Stephen took his place silently on the step below the group of students, heedless of the rain which fell fast, turning his eyes towards her from time to time. She too stood silently among her companions. She has no priest to flirt with, he thought with conscious bitterness, remembering how he had seen her last. Lynch was right. His mind emptied of theory and courage, lapsed back into a listless peace. He heard the students talking among themselves. They spoke of two friends who had passed the final medical examination, of the chances of getting places on ocean liners, of poor and rich practices. —That's all a bubble. An Irish country practice is better.— —Hynes was two years in Liverpool and he says the same. A frightful hole he said it was. Nothing but midwifery cases.— —Do you mean to say it is better to have a job here in the country than in a rich city like that? I know a fellow . . .— —Hynes has no brains. He got through by stewing, pure stewing.— —Don't mind him. There's plenty of money to be made in a big commercial city.— —Depends on the practice.— —Ego credo ut vita pauperum est simpliciter atrox, simpliciter sanguinarius atrox, in Liverpoolio.— Their voices reached his ears as if, from a distance, in interrupted pulsation. She was preparing to go away with her companions. The quick light shower had drawn off, tarrying in clusters of diamonds among the shrubs of the quadrangle where an exhalation was breathed forth by the blackened earth. Their trim boots prattled as they stood on the steps of the colonnade, talking quietly and gaily, glancing at the clouds, holding their umbrellas at cunning angles against the few last raindrops, closing them again, holding their skirts demurely. And if he had judged her harshly I If her life were a simple rosary of hours, her life simple and strange as a bird's life, gay in the morning, restless all day, tired at sundown? Her heart simple and wilful as a bird's heart? * * * * Towards dawn he awoke. O what sweet music! His soul was all dewy wet. Over his limbs in sleep, pale cool waves of light had passed. He lay still, as if his soul lay amid cool waters, conscious of faint sweet music. His mind was walking slowly to a tremulous morning knowledge, a morning inspiration. A spirit filled him, pure as the purest water, sweet as dew, moving as music. But how faintly it was inbreathed, how passionlessly, as if the seraphim themselves were breathing upon him! His soul was waking slowly, fearing to awake wholly. It was that windless hour of dawn when madness wakes and strange plants open to the light, and the moth flies forth silently. An enchantment of the heart! The night had been enchanted. In dream or vision he had known the ecstasy of seraphic life. Was it an instant of enchantment only, or long hours and years and ages? The instant of inspiration seemed now to be reflected from all sides at once from a multitude of cloudy circumstances of what had happened or of what might have happened. The instant flashed forth like a point ot light and now from cloud on cloud of vague circumstance confused form was veiling softly its afterglow. O! In the virgin womb of the imagination the word was made flesh. Gabriel the seraph had come to the virgin's chamber. An afterglow deepened within his spirit, whence the white flame had passed, deepening to a rose and ardent light. That rose and ardent light was her strange wilful heart, strange that no man had known or would know, wilful from before the beginning of the world: and lured by that ardent rose-like glow the choirs of the seraphim were falling from heaven. Are you not weary of ardent ways, Lure of the fallen seraphim? Tell no more of enchanted days. The verses passed from his mind to his lips and, murmuring them over, he felt the rhythmic movement of a villanelle pass through them. The roselike glow sent forth its rays of rhyme; ways, clays, blaze, praise, raise. Its rays burned up the world, consumed the hearts of men and angels: the rays from the rose that was her wilful heart. Your eyes have set man's heart ablaze And you have had your will of him. Are you not weary of ardent ways? And then? The rhythm died away, ceased, began again to move and beat. And then? Smoke, incense ascending from the altar of the world. Above the flame the smoke of praise Goes up from ocean rim to rim Tell no more of enchanted days. Smoke went up from the whole earth, from the vapoury oceans, smoke of her praise. The earth was like a swinging swaying censer, a ball of incense, an elipsoidal ball. The rhythm died out at once; the cry of his heart was broken. His lips began to murmur the first verses over and over; then went on stumbling through half verses, stammering and baffled; then stopped. The heart's cry was broken. The veiled windless hour had passed, and behind the panes of the naked window the morning light was gathering. A bell beat faintly very far away. A bird twittered; two birds, three. The bell and the bird ceased: and the dull white light spread itself east and west, covering the world, covering the roselight in his heart. Fearing to lose all, he raised himself suddenly on his elbow to look for paper and pencil. There was neither on the table; only the soup-plate he had eaten the rice from for supper and the candlestick with its tendrils of tallow and its paper socket, singed by the last flame. He stretched his arm wearily towards the foot of the bed, groping with his hand in the pockets of the coat that hung there. His fingers found a pencil and then a cigarette packet. He lay back and, tearing open the packet, placed the last cigarette on the window-ledge and began to write out the stanzas of the villanelle in small neat letters on the rough cardboard surface. Having written them out he lay back on the lumpy pillow, murmuring them again. The lumps of knotted flock under his head reminded him of the lumps of knotted horsehair in the sofa of her parlour on which he used to sit, smiling or serious, asking himself why he had come, displeased with her and with himself, confounded by the print of the Sacred Heart above the untenanted sideboard. He saw her approach him in a lull of the talk and beg him to sing one of his curious songs. Then he saw himself sitting at the old piano, striking chords softly from its speckled keys, and singing, amid the talk which had risen again in the room, to her who leaned beside the mantelpiece a dainty song of the Elizabethans, a sad and sweet loth to depart, the victory chant of Agincourt, the happy air of Greensleeves. While he sang and she listened, or feigned to listen, his heart was at rest, but when the quaint old songs had ended and he heard again the voices in the room he remembered his own sarcasm: the house where young men are called by their Christian names a little too soon. At certain instants her eyes seemed about to trust him, but he had waited in vain. She passed now dancing lightly across his memory as she had been that night at the carnival ball, her white dress a little lifted, a white spray nodding in her hair. She danced lightly in the round. She was dancing towards him and, as she came, her eyes were a little averted and a faint glow was on her cheek. At the pause in the chain of hands her hand had lain in his an instant, a soft merchandise. —You are a great stranger now.— —Yes. I was born to be a monk.— —I am afraid you are a heretic.— —Are you much afraid? — For answer she had danced away from along the chain of hands, dancing lightly and discreetly, giving herself to none. The white spray nodded to her dancing, and when she was in shadow the glow was deeper on her cheek. A monk! His own image started forth a profaner of the cloister, a heretic Franciscan, willing and willing not to serve, spinning like Gherardino da Borgo San Donnino, a lithe web of sophistry and whispering in her ear. No, it was not his image. It was like the image of the young priest in whose company he had seen her last, looking at him out of dove's eyes, toying with the pages of her Irish phrase-book. —Yes, yes, the ladies are coining round to us. I can see it every clay. The ladies are with us. The best helpers the language has.— —And the church, Father Moran? — —The church too. Coming round too. The work is going ahead there too. Don't fret about the church.— Bah! he had done well to leave the room in disdain. He had done well not to salute her on the steps of the library. He had done well to leave her to flirt with her priest, to toy with a church which was the scullery-maid of Christendom. Rude brutal anger routed the last lingering instant of ecstasy from his soul. It broke up violently her fair image and flung the fragments on all sides. On all sides distorted reflections of her image started from his memory: the flower girl in the ragged dress with damp coarse hair and a hoyden's face who had called herself his own girl and begged his handsel, the kitchen-girl in the next house who sang over the clatter of her plates, with the drawl of a country singer, the first bars of By Killarney's Lakes and Fells, a girl who had laughed gaily to see him stumble when the iron grating in the footpath near Cork Hill had caught the broken sole of his shoe, a girl he had glanced at, attracted by her small ripe mouth, as she passed out of Jacob's Biscuit Factory, who had cried to him over her shoulder: —Do you like what you saw of me, straight hair and curly eyebrows? — And yet he felt that, however he might revile and mock her image, his anger was also a form of homage. He had left the class-room in disdain that was not wholly sincere, feeling that perhaps the secret of her race lay behind those dark eyes upon which her long lashes flung a quick shadow. He had told himself bitterly as he walked through the streets that she was a figure of the womanhood of her country, a batlike soul waking to the consciousness of itself in darkness and secrecy and loneliness, tarrying awhile, loveless and sinless, with her mild lover and leaving him to whisper of innocent transgressions in the latticed ear of a priest. His anger against her found vent in coarse railing at her paramour, whose name and voice and features offended his baffled pride: a priested peasant, with a brother a policeman in Dublin and a brother a potboy in Athenry. To him she would unveil her soul's shy nakedness, to one who was but schooled in the discharging of a formal rite rather than to him, a priest of the eternal imagination, transmuting the daily bread of experience into the radiant body of ever-living life. The radiant image of the eucharist united again in an instant his bitter and despairing thoughts, their cries arising unbroken in a hymn of thanksgiving. Our broken cries and mournful lays Rise in one eucharistic hymn Are you not weary of ardent ways? While sacrificing hands upraise The chalice flowing to the brim Tell no more of enchanted days. He spoke the verses aloud from the first lines till the music and rhythm suffused his mind, turning it to quiet indulgence; then copied them painfully to feel them the better by seeing them; then lay back on his bolster. The full morning light had come. No sound was to be heard: but he knew that all around him life was about to awaken in common noises, hoarse voices, sleepy prayers. Shrinking from that life he turned towards the wall, making a cowl of the blanket and staring at the great overblown scarlet flowers of the tattered wall-paper. He tried to warm his perishing joy in their scarlet glow, imagining a roseway from where he lay upwards to heaven all strewn with scarlet flowers. Weary! Weary! He too was weary of ardent ways. A gradual warmth, a languorous weariness passed over him, descending along his spine from his closely cowled head. He felt it descend and, seeing himself as he lay, smiled. Soon he would sleep. He had written verses for her again after ten years. Ten years before she had worn her shawl cowlwise about her head, sending sprays of her warm breath into the night air, tapping her foot upon the glassy road. It was the last tram; the lank brown horses knew it and shook their bells to the clear night in admonition. The conductor talked with the driver, both nodding often in the green light of the lamp. They stood on the steps of the tram, he on the upper, she on the lower. She came up to his step many times between their phrases and went down again, and once or twice remained beside him, forgetting to go down, and then went down. Let be! Let be! Ten years from that wisdom of children to his folly. If he sent her the verses? They would be read out at breakfast amid the tapping of egg-shells. Folly indeed! Her brothers would laugh and try to wrest the page from each other with their strong hard fingers. The suave priest, her uncle, seated in his armchair would hold the page at arm's length, read it smiling, and approve of the literary form. No, no: that was folly. Even if he sent her the verses she would not show them to others. No, no: she could not. He began to feel that he had wronged her. A sense of her innocence moved him almost to pity her, an innocence he had never understood till he had come to the knowledge of it through sin, an innocence which she too had not understood while she was innocent or before the strange humiliation of her nature had first come upon her. Then first her soul had begun to live as his soul had when he had first sinned: and a tender compassion filled his heart as he remembered her frail pallor and her eyes, humbled and saddened by the dark shame of womanhood. While his soul had passed from ecstasy to languor where had she been? Might it be, in the mysterious ways of spiritual life, that her soul at those same moments had been conscious of his homage? It might be. A glow of desire kindled again his soul and fired and fulfilled all his body. Conscious of his desire she was waking from odorous sleep, the temptress of his villanelle. Her eyes, dark and with a look of languor, were opening to his eyes. Her nakedness yielded to him, radiant, warm, odorous and lavish-limbed, enfolded him like a shining, cloud, enfolded him like water with a liquid life: and like a cloud of vapour or like waters circumfluent in space, the liquid letters of speech, symbols of the element of mystery, flowed forth over his brain. Are you not weary of ardent ways, Lure of the fallen seraphim? Tell no more of enchanted days. Your eyes have set man's heart ablaze And you have had your will of him. Are you not weary of ardent ways? Above the flame the smoke of praise Goes up from ocean rim to rim. Tell no more of enchanted days. Our broken cries and mournful lays Rise in one eucharistic hymn. Are you not weary of ardent ways? While sacrificing hands upraise The chalice flowing to the brim. Tell no more of enchanted days. And still you hold our longing gaze With languorous look and lavish limb! Are you not weary of ardent ways? Tell no more of enchanted days. (To be continued.) THE POETRY OF AMY LOWELL IN the eighteenth century it was expected of a poet that he should instruct as well as interest; traces of this frame of mind are noticeable in much nineteenth-century poetry, and they are still present in our academic, correct, sound, whatever you choose to call it, criticism. The ordinary reviewer's preoccupation with a poet's " message " is another eighteenth-century relic. The poets of the nineteenth century— and, indeed, of many other centuries—who have most influenced the younger generation departed from this rule. They did not presume to instruct nor consciously to " elevate " their audience, but were content to render life as they saw it, leaving the reader to form his own judgment, treating him as a reasonable equal, not as a child or an inferior, to be impressed by recondite knowledge, by bombastic language and high-falutin' sentiments. From a passion for general ideas we have been converted to a passion for diverse personalities; we easily grow weary of generalities, but there can never be in the world too many curious or interesting or fantastic personalities. We have come to refuse to attribute an immense superiority to the writers of " classic " periods, the Attic tragedians, the Augustan poets, the authors of le grand siècle, and the Elizabethans; we do not, indeed, deny their genius, but a modern, who reads poetry for love of it and not from a sense of duty nor from compulsion, tends to widen very greatly the scope of his reading, to forgive vast quantities of so-called " faults " in poetry provided that the words give him the sensation of being in contact with a new. unique personality. Such an attitude may or may not be " decadent "—it is probable that it has nothing to do with decadence—but for better or for worse it has become the attitude of a large and active part of the modern intellectual world. We do not nowadays expect a poet to profess pious and probably hypocritical sentiments; to parler raison et vertu is now as affected as to parler Euphues; we immediately suspect that the poet who professes so great virtue, or so profound sympathy, or so altruistic an interest in humanity, is recording what he ought to be rather than what he is. It may be the scientific spirit, it may be the devil, it may be from ennui, it may be from a healthy interest, but it is true that we are now primarily interested in the poet's personality whether he reveal it consciously or unconsciously. Whenever I read Racine or Virgil I find that to keep up my interest I have to tell myself what wonderful men they were, that they really existed, that they ate and drank and fell in love and committed follies and eccentricities and generosities like any other human being. On the other hand, when I read Catullus or some modern Frenchman I find my interest in their world so intense that I do not need to use any artifice to re-kindle my interest. The limited faculties of each one of us give us one world and only one, but every artist has fixed for us his world, and vicariously we can re-live his most poignant moments, we can increase our sensations, our existences. How curiously monotonous, even to the most sensitive and most imaginative nature, must life have been before the arts were devised to admit us into the different worlds perceived by the greatest of our fellows. Amy Lowell is a modern poet. She does not exhort her readers to virtue or commercial honesty, she does not advise them how they may get to heaven or cure their chilblains; she does not even bid them use Gillette Safety Razors. She does none of these things; she simply records, " presents " as accurately and as precisely as she knows how, the most interesting moods, the most emotional moments, the most poignant observations of her life, and in doing so she unconsciously records for us her world, etches for us her personality. Here I will pause for a moment and emit the following statement: That what I have said above explains why buying modern poetry, even of a reasonably good kind, is such a hazardous speculation. It is curious, but the dullest and commonest sort of people seem to thing they are divinely constituted to increase our collection of fascinating personalities. Nine times out of ten the poetaster has the soul of a grocer or, what is worse, the soul of a pedagogue or parson. You can be quite certain that 90 per cent, of these gentry have never taken the trouble to inquire if their view of life, their experiences are any different from anybody else's, or to fit themselves to express what individuality they may possess in any particularly efficient manner. Happily this remark concerns the subject of these observations only in that it does not apply to her. Amy Lowell, then, is a modern poet, a poet of personality, a poet recording moods, not maxims; impressions, not philosophies. And to understand her properly you must live for a little time in luxurious or at least pleasant surroundings. I do not in the least mean to imply that Miss Lowell makes a parade of opulence, but the setting—unconscious, unavowed—of nearly all her poems is opulent. I recently re-read Amy Lowell's poems in a silent country house, looking over wide stretches of fertile Kentish land and surrounded by a brilliantly coloured sea of large poppies, scented lupins, carnations, roses, foxgloves, and many other flowers. There was a murmur of bees; from time to time one would pass over my head with a loud hum which died away rapidly into the general murmur. There was a light breeze, and blue sky; and there were many mingled scents. I said to myself that I understood Amy Lowell's poetry completely for the first time. Let me quote: The day is fresh-washed and fair, and there is a smell of tulips and narcissus in the air. The sunshine pours in at the bath-room window and bores through the water in the bath-tub in lathes and planes of greenish-white. It cleaves the water into flaws like a jewel, and cracks it to bright light. Little spots of sunshine lie on the surface of the water and dance, dance, and their reflections wobble deliciously over the ceiling; a stir of my finger sets them whirring, reeling. I move a foot and the planes of light in the water jar. I lie back and laugh, and let the green-white water, the sun-flawed beryl water, flow over me. The day is almost too bright to bear, the green water covers me from the too bright day. I will lie here awhile and play with the water and the sun spots. The sky is blue and high. A crow flaps by the window and there is a whiff of tulips and narcissus in the air. And this: Gushing from the mouths of stone men To spread at ease under the sky In granite-lipped basins, Where iris dabble their feet And rustle to a passing wind, The water fills the garden with its rushing, In the midst of the quiet of close-clipped lawns. Damp smell the ferns in tunnels of stone, Where trickle and plash the fountains, Marble fountains, yellowed with much water. Splashing down moss-tarnished steps It falls, the water; And the air is throbbing with it; With its gurgling and running; With its leaping and deep, cool murmur. Albert Samain was a great poet; he had a great love of pleasing, graceful, and elegant things. But his love was a starved, exaggerated sort of thing, self-conscious, nostalgic, with a touch of bravado. Miss Lowell has a love of pleasing, graceful, and elegant things; but in her it is natural, a consciousless expression of reality: she never would write "Luxure" or " Cléopatre." I do not compare the two poets; I want only to underline the difference between two psychologies. Miss Lowell is a poet of appearances. I do not mean that she is shallow or unemotional or unreflective. She is the antithesis of these things. But she has realised that, for example, her moral reflections on a bath-tub are far less likely to be original and interesting than her particular, unique perceptions of a bath-tub on a fine, windy morning. Such a poem increases one's interest in an ordinary phenomenon; it is really and truly " a stripping of the veil of familiarity from common things "; and in the case of a bath, if one is a cleanly person, it is a permanent asset to one's daily pleasure. You may think that this is all rot, but if you really absorb that presentation of a bath-tub you may unconsciously think of it during your own five minutes of frantic ablutions. Did anyone ever unconsciously think of Gray's " Elegy " when entering a graveyard? I know I never did. And I do not believe that Gray's poem ever increased anyone's pleasure in graveyards, or anyone's interest in graveyards. As to the respective merits of bath-tubs and churchyards—for there are many people who profess ecstatic admiration for the " Elegy " who will deny vehemently one's right to make poems about bath-tubs—I may point out that one takes a bath every morning, and that when the time comes to take a deep and permanent interest in churchyards it is too late to take an interest in anything. To " assign an author his definite place " and " to wait upon the judgment of posterity " are barren pursuits best left to the academic gentlemen who are paid for their fruitless and boring remarks on our predecessors—even as their successors will be paid to comment fatuously and incorrectly on us. When a poet has written his poem, has lived through the great pleasure and the great anguish of composition, he is, or should be, indifferent to its fate. To occupy ten lines or ten pages in a text-book, written for the confusion and exasperation of the young, is an unattractive recompense; and to write for money is a burden and a mortgaging of liberty. A book of poems—if it is interesting, which is purely a matter of personal preference—is simply the best of a good fellow's life set down permanently for the pleasure of other good fellows. Miss Lowell is a good fellow and quite a number of people like to read her poems. I like to read her poems. Whether the scholastic authorities of Cambridge and Columbia Universities, the civic and legal authorities of New York, Berlin and London, consider them worthy of praise and fitted to instruct the young, to reform the criminal or to elevate the suburbs, is, I venture to say, a matter of complete indifference to the author and to her present critic. One more poem, to the confusion of doctrinaires: When night drifts along the streets of the city, And sifts down between the uneven roofs, My mind begins to peek and peer. It plays at ball in old, blue Chinese gardens, And shakes wrought dice-cups in Pagan temples, Amid the broken flutings of white pillars. It dances with purple and yellow crocuses in its hair, And its feet shine as they flutter over drenched grasses. How light and laughing my mind is, When all the good folk have put out their bedroom candles, And the city is still! Richard Aldington. PASSING PARIS A STRANGE observation is that Goethe's prophecy (expressed to Eckermann) that " national literature has no great signification to-day; the time for universal literature having come, and to hasten which each must contribute his efforts," has, in spite of humanitarian, international, " European " (the German Nietzsche's term), and other such theories, that it has in spite of facilitated locomotion and communications found only inverted application. Society has lost in cosmopolitanism since Goethe's time, and though we now master the frontierless air, politically, the numerous frontiers of the earth receive increasing affirmation. Far from having been effaced they seem to multiply. The bitterness with which this war is pursued testifies to the national consciousness of each country engaged in it. Never before was this sense more strongly developed, and men have never fought with more vehemence to proclaim and defend it. Instead of the fusion to which the evolution of scientific and social conditions would seem to lead, new national individualities (for individualism is expressed by nations as well as by persons) seem to branch forth, practical particularism constantly gaining ground on the opposite and opposing theoretical tendency of universality. Within four centuries a completely new race has been formed; Japan's recent participation in Western evolution has been its saving as a self-contained nation; Poland has, with increased and ever-increasing vigour, manifested its national, that is, its " particular " integrity since its political division; Belgian literature as such, as a distinct fruit of the soil, is thirty-five years old, and its most typical exponent is among us at this hour. Goethe said: " The day of universal literature has now come." Yet who more universal than the Greeks? Are Corneille and Racine not universal? Was the English Shakespeare, for whom his admiration was boundless, not universal? Was he not himself? The attribution of national characteristics to art is a risky proceeding and needs—exactly as does that of universal qualities— the clearest thought and expression, but how can it be avoided, and why should it be? Fundamentally, doubtless, art is universal or international, and to call a poet echt deutsch or dans le gout français means nothing intelligible. It is an empty catch-penny phrase and usually employed by the mediocre for the mediocre. What is meant by the definition " national literature," for instance, what distinguishes the Belgian writers from the French, though they use the same idiom, is not only expression of collective aspirations, suffering, sentiment, and so on, but peculiarity of form. There is an affinity between two Belgian authors that will distinguish them from a French writer as there are physical affinities and distinctions. For example: Verhaeren is too rough-hewn to be a French poet; Maeterlinck too much of a mystic for France; Huysmans, though not properly a Belgian, displays his extraction. You may say: Shakespeare would not have written the works he did had he not been Shakespeare, but you may also add quite honourably, and without fear of enunciating merely a vulgar truism, that he would not have written them had he not also been English and an Elizabethan. This is what is meant by national literature. Molière may be appreciated by all, he is none the less representative of his time and country. To detach a man from these is to put him in the air, in nothingness. Verhaeren is more typically Belgian and modern than was Rodenbach, probably because Verhaeren is in every sense the superiorly dominating personality. Thus the more " universal " of the two minds is also the more "particular," the more " national," for the fact is that universality must not be confounded with inter-, or non-nationalism. The former is a positive quality, all-embracing, the latter is a negation, excluding, impoverishing. Therefore, the universal literature to which Goethe aspired has not made itself specially manifest—genius, which is always and in itself universal, not being more in evidence since, than it was before, his time. * * * * In La Belgique Littéraire (Crès et Cie., 1 fr. 50) M. Remy de Gourmont comments upon the elements making up this new literature, which he traces back to the year 1881, the birth-date of the review La Jeune Belgique, for the great and isolated de Coster, having shown the way, died without recognition in the previous decade. M. Charles Grolleau, in his studies of Belgian literature in an English contemporary, also agrees to begin its history in the eighties, that is with Georges Rodenbach. As M. de Gourmont says, before 1885 there had been, no doubt, some Belgian writers, but one cannot consider that there was a Belgian literature. Maeterlinck and Verhaeren are its best known representatives; of the two the latter, " the only contemporary poet who may without ridicule be compared with Victor Hugo," being the more typical. His first-published volume, Flamandes, was the work of one who loves his country " from the scent of its pastures to the coifs of its peasants," the work of one " Flemish in his soul, in his eyes," and even, as M. de Gourmont would hint, in spite of M. Verhaeren's refutation, in his language. For, as M. de Gourmont holds, " a man born and bred in Flanders, in perpetual contact with its people, can neither speak nor write French like an inhabitant of, say, Saint-Cloud." Be this as it may, if M. Verhaeren has linguistic peculiarities due to his origin, they would only add to the savour of his works. Parisians have no prerogative on the French language, and a Belgian may be allowed to express himself as he thinks fit, and is accustomed to do. However, M. Verhaeren insists that his peculiarities are personal idiosyn-cracies and not due to local idiom. Though his horizons have widened since Flamandes. Verhaeren has, in M. de Gourmont's opinion, always kept a foothold on Belgian soil. There is, no doubt, a rudeness in Verhaeren which a Frenchman, with his more polished atavism, could never equal. "Verhaeren," writes M. de Gourmont, " only owes to France its language and generalisations, and he has never ceased describing his environment: the land of Flanders ... at each step his poetry recalls the colouring of Jordaens, the luxuriance of Rubens. His race makes itself heard above his culture. Before being a poet he is a native of Flanders and nearly all his pictures of life are pictures of Flemish life. Thus certain poets and writers of romance proceed, requiring concrete reality wherewith to shape their dreams or characters. They are called, therefore, realists, which does not imply they have used their eyes to the detriment of their imagination. But they need a basis to ascend from, like certain birds who sweep the earth for a long time before rising definitely and soaring into space. Verhaeren is of these." But the various and complex characteristics of a nation are not, and cannot be, completely reflected in one individuality. The rough-hewn, Gothic, prolific Verhaeren and the naturalistic Camille Lemonnier find their antitheses in the somewhat pale and insipid Rodenbach, and in the suave Maeterlinck, who " gives a mystical interpretation to the real " in contrast to the romantics who " gave a realistic interpretation to the ideal." Camille Lemonnier, who was in turn Zola's master and disciple, preceded Verhaeren, " having come at a time when his compatriots were hardly conscious of themselves or the gifts with which they were endowed." According to M de Gourmont, M. Grolleau and other critics, Camille Lemonnier would only rank with the naturalistic school for his subjects; his treatment of them and his communion with the mysteries of nature giving him a nobler place in literature. M. de Gourmont alludes to a number of poets who, " whether Flemish or Walloon, have made of Belgium one of the richest provinces of French poetry ": M. M. Van Lerberghe, Albert Mockel, Marc Elskamp, André Fontainas, Paul Spaak, etc., some of whom the dimensions of his book, no doubt, do not permit him to quote or criticise, which is a pity, for either a name deserves better than to be mentioned without comment or it does not deserve as well. * * * * The book to read at present is Les Déracinés, that "novel of national energy," by Maurice Barrès, whose Colette Baudoche, a much inferior and recent production, has just been staged at the Comédie Française. There is absolutely no equivalent to it in English letters. The sub-title tells its mission. In a country where the chief object of literature is diversion (and advertisement) no one has ever thought of daring to so widen the traditional scope of the novel. The observation is humiliating to the serious English mind. Who has not read Les Déracinés should begin; who has, should begin again. It should be read because it discovers the vast resources of French purpose, the meaning of patriotism in its broadest and most mystical sense, while it preaches the practical advantages of collective effort. Though sharing M. André Gide's view, which is opposed to that of M. Barrés, that to uproot the individual may be of advantage to him in exactly the same sense as transplantation benefits a tree, and that the richest soil becomes impoverished if foreign elements are not superadded to it, I consider that M. Maurice Barrés is justified in his opinion that French intellect and energy would gain with decentralisation. He would have Paris relieved of the enormous influx from the provinces, he would have the provinces keep their fruits for their own consummation. The monopoly by the capital of the best thought and activity is, no doubt, an immense evil, but to oppose the transfusion of physical and mental qualities, by restricting them to the bed from which they spring, is to exchange one evil for another; it is, in fact, to make opposition to a natural law. Mobility and dispersion furnish the only solution. This said, Les Déracinés stands apart in French and all literature, for no book, in the guise of a novel, stirs up things to such an extent. M. Maurice Barrés, the arch-individualist and egoist, who is a personification of the theories of Max Stirner, which he has expressed in other forms, has gone a step further than Max Stirner. having shown that the cult of country and tradition and of all the elements which go to the building of the individual and give him his grip, are essential fractions —and as such should be glorified—in the supreme cult of self. Patriotism, heroism, idealism, esprit de corps give the individual strength and independence and thus form him. Some apt quotations from the work of this nationalist-egoist, written in the middle nineties, are the following The Latin quarter, this conglomerate of schools, must be likened to an Ararat, a summit for refuge, where the nation may collect itself, and defy invasions. A country needs a fixed point of the kind: a conscience, not immutable, but self-analysing and evolving, while neither losing its traditions nor its sense of them. It is a national centre, where a few privileged ones, delegates of each generation, attain the international, human purpose while understanding all the conditions of life under all climates, and that physical distinctions necessitate distinctions or customs as the distance between countries involves differences in sentiments. The strength of one who speaks in the name of his country is proportioned to the number of guns his compatriots can draw into line; a committee-leader with nothing behind him is powerless; he must distinguish between voting-machines and such citizens who, under given circumstances, are capable of action. Has the extension of France anything in common with military successes in the Far East? These distant possessions are of value only when supported by our action on the banks of the Rhine. On the folly of facilitating education and encouraging university careers when there is no outlet for the intelligences thus formed, and on the mercilessness of " liberty " and " equality ": Racadot and Mouchefrin fight desperately, unbound from their country and all society, they appeal, for the right to live, to that liberty of which they die. But one who is penniless does not figure in life as he might in a fine circus, where he may make a show of his activities. He is occupied in finding a means of livelihood. Racadot and especially Mouchefrin are incompetent to find one. They know no specified craft and they have not the sense to give up these dreams of supremacy which the university inculcates into its best pupils. After a year in Paris, Racadot and Mouchefrin had drawn nothing out of their poverty; therefore they were defeated. They are not a rising democracy but a degraded aristocracy. Against the seven hundred and thirty graduates in classics or science soliciting positions—for they take their diplomas for letters of credit on the State—four hundred and fifty of whom have been obliged to become schoolmasters, there are six vacancies a year. If there are three hundred and fifty winners of scholarships, that is, when the State binds itself to three hundred and fifty new contracts, it only disposes of six vacancies which are already applied for by seven hundred and thirty individuals, making in all one thousand and eight, and so on without end. In short, Danton's absurd maxim that, after bread, education is the people's most important need, put into practice with " equality " and " liberty," precisely subtracts so many from attainment of the first essential. Education not providing bread, or supported by it, breeds anarchists. The result is one of the revolution's saddest failures and one of the lessons in Les Déracinés. A poet belonging to the aristocracy of the order, Paul Drouot, fell in the interminable battle around Arras at the beginning of the month. He had published three volumes: La Chanson d'Eliacin, La Grappe de Raisin, Sous le Vocable du Chêne. Robert d'Humières, propagandist of English authors, was killed in May while picking up German wounded. Muriel Ciolkowska. FAGOTT ("THE BASSOON") [A version of a prose-poem by Wassily Kandinsky] LARGE houses tumbled down, suddenly and altogether. Little houses remained standing firm. A thick, forbidding, oval, orange-tinted cloud hung all at once above the town. It seemed to be fastened on the extreme point of the tall, slender, town-hall tower, and it radiated violet. A withered naked tree stretched its long branches into the deep heaven, quivering and quaking. It was quite black, like a hole made in white paper. Its four small leaves quivered for some time. Yet there was no wind. Yet if a storm had come and overturned many a thick-walled building, then the branches would have remained motionless. The little leaves would have become rigid, as if they were made of cast-iron. A flock of crows flew through the air, straight as an arrow over the town. And again, suddenly, everything was still. The cloud of orange faded. The sky was changed to piercing blue. The town to the yellow of tearfulness. And through this stillness rang but one sound: the beat of a horse's hoofs. Then it was known that through the quite deserted streets a white horse was wandering all alone. This sound lasted long, very, very long. And therefore it was not known for certain when it ceased. Ah, who knows when stillness comes! The notes of a fagott, long drawn out, somewhat expressionless, unfeeling, quivering in the deep of emptiness, long, long—by these everything little by little became green. First deep and somewhat muddy. Then ever growing lighter, colder, more virulent, still lighter, still colder, still more virulent. The buildings shot up into the air and became slenderer. They all inclined to one point on the right, where the morrow was maybe. It was perceptible, this striving towards the morrow. And still more light, more coldly, more virulently green grew the sky, the houses, the pavements and the people who walked thereon. They walked on perpetually, in an unbroken line, slowly, always eyes to the front. And always alone. But now the withered tree had gained a great luxuriant crest. Topmost was this crest, with its compact, tailed shape, trailing upwards. The yellow of this crest was so shrill that no soul could endure it. And it is well that none of the people walking underneath saw the crest. Only the fagott endeavoured to express this hue. It went higher and higher, grew shrill and nasal in straining for its note. What luck it is that the fagott could not reach that note! Translated by A. W. G. Randall. POEMS CINEMA EXIT AFTER the click and whirr Of the glimmering pictures, The dry feeling in the eyes As the sight follows the electric flickërings, The banal sentimentality of the films, The hushed concentration of the people, The tinkling piano— Suddenly A vast avalanch of greenish yellow light Pours over the threshold; White globes darting vertical rays Spot the sombre buildings; The violent gloom of the night Battles with the radiance; Swift figures, legs, skirts, white cheeks, hats Flicker in oblique rays of dark and light. Millions of human vermin Swarm sweating Along the night-arched cavernous roads. (Happily rapid chemical processes Will disintegrate them all.) Richard Aldington. MALADIE DE L'APRÈS-MIDI Why does the clanking of a tip-cart In the read Make me so sad? The sound beats the air With flat blows, Dull and continued. Not even the clear sunshine 'Through bronze and green oak leaves, Nor the crimson spindle of a cedar-tree Covered with Virginia creeper, Nor the humming brightness of the air, Can comfort my melancholy. The cart goes slowly, It creeps at a foot-pace, And the flat blows of sound Hurt me, And bring me nearly to weeping. MIDDLE AGE Like black ice Scrolled over with unintelligible patterns by an ignorant skater, Is the dulled surface of my heart. A RAINY NIGHT Shadows, And white, moving light, And the snap and sparkle of rain on the window. An electric lamp in the street Is swinging, tossing, Making the rain-runnelled window-glass Glitter and palpitate. In its silver lustre I can see the old four-post bed, With the fringes and balls of its canopy. You are lying beside me, waiting, But I do not turn, I am counting the folds of the canopy. You are lying beside me, waiting, But I do not turn. In the silver light you would be too beautiful, And there are ten pleats on this side of the bed-canopy, And ten on the other. HAUNTED See! He trails his toes Through the long streaks of moonlight. And the nails of his fingers glitter: They claw and flash among the tree-tops. His lips suck at my open window, And his breath creeps about my body And lies in pools under my knees. I can see his mouth sway and wobble, Sticking itself against the window-jambs, But the moonlight is bright on the floor, Without a shadow. Hark! A hare is strangling in the forest, And the wind tears a shutter from the wall. Amy Lowell, TIGRESS I I know you are crouching close behind me. Little tigress, For your breath is hot and damp on my neck, You are wanting me so; And I you; But I—I do not show it. I am dissembling Until you make your spring. Then I shall spring too And be locked in an embrace with you From which nothing shall part us, Except the pain of not quite satisfied desire Or, maybe, the weariness of too much loving. II Nowadays I can scarcely sleep For love of my dear. I lie awake and cry Because she is not by me, She, my mistress, My tyrant, My passionate, fierce demanding lover. I want to have you coming on me Like a tigress; I long to feel your claws in my flesh; Then I will wrestle with you, And will not let you go Until you have assuaged my tears. IN SWABIA: SPRING 1914 No doubt it is still very peaceful there In Swabia; Where I used to stretch myself in the sun Full length on a hill-side of gentians: (Oh, the unspeakable ecstasy of that mountain of blue! ) And when I turned there were black-garmented women Silhouetted against a white, unexpressive sky, Plodding up the painful road, Kneeling at each Station of the Cross— A gaudy thing in blue and brick-red— Toiling up the broken path To the cemetery. The little Friedhof on the crest of the hill,. Where they would mutter quaint prayers And sprinkle their dead with holy water. In the valley were their lazy men-folk, Feeding the pigs, or drinking, or discussing the weather In speech high-pitched, and plaintive like the speech of a child, Yet leisurely and with some care for humour. All day long I used to sun myself on those hills. Or talk in inns with simple men: And in the evening I would return through the woods. Black pine-woods haunted by the trolls of a far-off Germany. And so back to the town, The little, sleeping Swabian town. Yes, it was very peaceful there, In Swabia. A. W. G. Randall. A FRENCH BOOK LE Retour dans la Nuit," by Martial Piéchaud (Bernard Grasset) was originally published as a serial in La Revue Heddonadaire. This commanded attention! its quality commanded admiration. Unlike most first novels, which are generally loosely constructed or overcrowded, this work is firmly composed and thoroughly well balanced. The title refers to the eventual loss of his sight in a young man whose childhood days were already obscured by the absence of his mother from the family hearth. When the physical catastrophe asserts itself completely the mother returns. The pathos of the subject is well controlled within reserved, unornate language. It is— if I may be allowed the contradiction in terms—almost a silent and, therefore, a very impressive book. Among the more moving passages in a narrative characteristic for its smoothness is one describing the conduct, while suggesting the emotions, of the father when he learns the irremediableness of his son's infirmity. Another, the book's climax, describes the prodigal mother's return: the young man and the old servant are together in the dining-room: "Hush," said Germaine suddenly, " a carriage! " A cab had just stopped at the corner. A few minutes afterwards the house-door was closed. It was nearly seven o'clock. There was a noise of steps on the stairs. " Listen," whispered Germaine. The bell rang. And she remained seated repeating: " Who is it? " There was a hurried rap at the door. "Your father! " she observed after a long sigh. And she ran to open. M. Hinquel must have walked far. His boots were covered with mud; his overcoat was stiff with rain. He first went to his room, then came back to the dining-room and sat down by his son. He took his hand and kept it. At the slightest sound all three grew pale. As a cab came along at a trot from the Pont Louis-Philippe, the professor said, in a hushed voice: "I will open the door. ..." But the cab passed the house; its noise in the island took many minutes to die off. A long time passed. " What time is it? " asked M. Hinquel at last. " Half-past." "Half-past what? " he asked abruptly. " What a stupid way of giving the time! . . . Be quiet! " Leaning forward, putting his hand to his ear, he again listened for the sound of wheels. No. This one passed the house too. " Half-past seven," said Germaine. " I didn't think it was so late." " There's the bell. . . . Perhaps she won't come to-night." " Of course ... of course she will." Pierre felt his father's hand was quite damp and that, from time to time, it trembled. Suddenly they heard a light ring at the bell. Germaine, who had made up her mind to lay the table during the interval of waiting, stopped, with the plate-basket under her arm, as though she had been caught stealing. " It's the post, no doubt," she said at last to give herself courage. " Go and see," said M. Hinquel with the same purpose. She went out, closing the dining-room door after her. Pierre felt his fingers being held ever more tightly in the professor's grip. The latter began to speak: " You know all. But it is your mother who is coming back. Your mother, do you understand? You must forget all you may have heard. ... It is finished . . . quite finished. ... She is only your mamma. His voice was toneless; the words seemed to slip from it aimlessly. He might have been speaking of the most ordinary things. " Your mamma," he repeated. But what was Germaine doing? He called but there was no answer. He called again. Pierre could not remember ever having suffered mere horrible anxiety. He pressed nearer to M. Hinquel's arm. In spite of his emotion he realised the professor had put on his frock-coat. Suddenly his hand was dropped. The door had opened in the midst of a great silence. The carpet absorbed the noise of slowly approaching steps. Who was it? But a double sob burst abruptly above his head and then against his legs, and he felt the folds of a wet skirt. Then he also rose, white as a sheet. He nearly uttered a cry. Two lips were on his forehead. And in the midst of a woman's silent embrace, his heart gave way to at once inexpressible anguish and joy, because around him he felt no perfume and that the two hands pressing him were ringless and burnt. This dramatic scene does not end the story; there is still one chapter describing how the mother and son become acquainted and closely united. As the reviewers say: " We recommend this book." M. C. SOME BOOKS RECEIVED "The Old House and Other Tales,'''' by Feodor Sologub, translated from the Russian by John Cournos. (Martin Secker, 6/-.) Sologub is a sort of Russian symbolist with a very fine, fantastic imagination; Mr. Cournos, in his preface, speaks of the great influence which Chekhov has had on this writer. But it is obvious that he has been influenced by modern French writers—as indeed, who has not? A good deal of this book hovers between poetry and prose, especially in " The Old House," where the descriptions are very beautiful and vivid. There are moments when one becomes, extremely disgusted with the rather shallow self-appreciation of the Anglo-Saxon; at such times the hesitation, the sense of the futility of things, above all the exquisite pity of an author like Sologub, become almost an obsession. " Russia," says a fashionable contemporary, " has contributed to music and dancing, but very little to literature." We venture to prophesy that our contemporary will not enjoy Sologub; on the other hand, there are thousands of people who will. Mr. Cournos is the first to put some of Sologub's tales into English, and has done it extremely well. Obviously it is horribly difficult to bring over into English stories like these, where so much depends upon nuances, upon the suggestion in the words themselves. We would like to see more of Sologub's work in English as well as the other new Russian authors whom Mr. Cournos has up his sleeve. "Reports of Certain Discussions at the International Polity Summer School.'''' (Harrison and Sons.) These discussions took place between July 17 and 27, 1914. We regret that they were unsuccessful in averting the European war. Parts of the book read like a play by one of our duller, didactic dramatists; the dialogue is enlivened by the witticisms of Mr. A. W. Haycock. To an unexpert outsider the two most interesting parts of the book are Mr. John Hilton's most able paper on the nature of credit and Mr. G. K. Chesterton's demolition of Mr. Norman Angel's theories. This book is an extremely important piece of work; it is experiment, pioneer work, and as such necessarily fumbling, but the members are smelling out some famous abuses. "Hyssop," a novel by M. T. H. Sadler. (Constable and Co., 6/-.) A study of a young man at Oxford who " discovers" modern art. Ingenious contrasts—different types of undergraduates—the swagger, the athletic, the arty, the genuine—in the Swiss Alps nice girl who flirts with hero—Oxford, dance, proposal—girl seduced into marrying strong-minded, purposeful villain-—distress of hero—America, discovery of former protegee, Daisy, on a music-hall stage, dieting on lemonade—villain turns up, catches it, hero discovers villain's turpitude, makes him swear not to marry heroine, " Think of her children," villain swears, hero goes off content—last chapter, letter from hero's friend, another letter brought in, contains announcement that villain has wedded heroine. Sapristi! " The Bruno Chap Books." A number of little pamphlets issued at 15 cents each by Guido Bruno, Greenwich Village Press, 42 Washington Square, New York. They are: " Four Letters from Prison," by Oscar Wilde; "The Harlot's House," by Oscar Wilde; " Vignettes," by Hubert Crackan-thorpe; " Anarchists," by Guido Bruno; " Tahiti," by Robert Carlton Brown; " Tanka and Haikai," by Sadakichi Hartmann; " Mushrooms," " The Girl in the Street," " To My Mother," all by Alfred Kreymborg; " Setting Hens, Nockties and Frogs' Legs," by D. Molby. "The Poet in the Desert,'" a poem, by Charles Erskine Scott Wood. (Privately 'printed, Portland, Oregon, U.S.) A long allegorical poem of the Shellyan kind. Towards the end there is some rather impressively rhetorical writing on the horrors of war. It is well printed on fine paper " at the press of F. W. Baltes and Company in Portland, Oregon." (These short comments do not preclude further and fuller comment in subsequent numbers.) CORRESPONDENCE EGOISM AND CONSCRIPTION To the Editor, The Egoist. Madam.—It is odd to find The Egoist, an individualist paper formerly the New Freewoman, wanting to compel some millions of egos and individuals to risk their lives at the bidding of the more powerful or numerous egos. To do this in the name of freedom is to rival Sir Boyle Roche, who was " willing to sacrifice half the Constitution, nay, even the whole of it, to preserve the remainder." I suppose we have said good-bye to Miss Marsden as an egoist. If the etymology of a word is any guide to its meaning (as Miss Marsden assumes in the case of " culture ") then an egoist cannot be a conscriptionist. She seems to have travelled from individualism to State Socialism (I made the reverse journey some years ago). " Rights are State-born emanations," that is, if I interpret her rightly, the State says to its subjects, " You mustn't thrash each other, because I can stop you; but I will thrash you when I like, because there is no one strong enough to stop me." But Miss Marsden does not seem quite to have made up her mind whether the State is wholly non-moral or whether the safeguarding of its own supremacy is a moral duty. At any rate in treating of the latter she uses all the phraseology of morals; " should," twice; " crime," " monstrous," etc. Which shows how difficult it is to become thoroughly immoral. Perhaps, however, Miss Marsden's " shoulds " are only meant to delude the herd; she means " I wish." This would be in accordance with her view that morality is a kind of chlorine cloud; you send it out to subjugate the less powerful, but take care to keep to windward yourself. But I suspect readers of The Egoist mostly wear respirators, largely provided by Miss Marsden herself. And here I will incidentally ask a question which has occurred to me several times in reading Miss Marsden. There are endless gradations from the most powerful to the least so; to what height would Miss Marsden like the chlorine of morality to reach? She has devoted much talent and energy to removing it from her readers, without taking any precaution to make sure they are all " rulers." I can guarantee that one isn't. Miss Marsden's readings of history seem to me wrong. Conscription and democracy are not opposed; they are twin brother tyrants, born together in France in the seventeen nineties. Conscription has never been adopted because it gave military efficiency (it never did so), but because all rulers, whether kings or democratic majorities, like to dragoon their subjects. They know in their hearts that the coward or the convinced pacifist will be no use in a fight, but they are angry to see him refuse their will. They cannot make a sheep fight, but they can drill it and put it in uniform and say " serve it right " if it is killed. The fact that Britain has not adopted conscription is not due to any subjection of our rulers to morality, but to the fact that in our circumstances it is rather harder to make that particular kind of tyranny seem expedient than it is in some countries. One party does want to regimentalize us for war, but the other prefers to regimentalize us in all the other possible ways (drink,insurance, etc.). Individualists offer as much resistance as they can to being regi-mentalized at all. Some conscriptionists talk about " defending Anglo-Saxon freedom." Miss Marsden is too logical for that absurdity, so she uses " Anglo-Saxon supremacy." Does she really believe that German myth? At one time our Norman rulers ruled half France, but they were turned out; and since then the Anglo-Saxon group have never tried to assert any supremacy over any group more than a tenth as strong as themselves. From people above that level of power we have never asked anything but to leave us alone. Miss Marsden hints that the British State might (or " should ") have suppressed German power before it became too threatening. Miss Marsden told us of old to know our own power and not attempt things beyond it. At no time in history could the British State have suppressed German power. It tried to suppress France, tried for centuries, and failed. This island is not big enough for its population to bully the rest of Europe, unless the rest of Europe will be kind enough to adopt Brahminism or some other specially weakening religion. While Miss Marsden seeks imaginary reasons for the war, she refuses the real one; it would not fit her theories. If powerful people need not trouble about " scraps of paper," why are we fighting at all (or rather some of us fighting and some merely applauding)? Let us rather bow in respectful admiration of the disciples of Bernhardi, as Miss Marsden herself does in her consistently immoral moments. Miss Marsden wants to suppress the Daily News. I never read the Daily News, Daily Mail, or other such mob-food, but I am afraid that suppressive powers, once set going, would soon turu against The Egoist—and any other paper worth reading. The German suppressors shut Nietzsche up, nominally for being mad, really for saying what Miss Marsden says. Finally, let me say that I lately wrote to three papers suggesting that the vote should in future be limited to those who have shown themselves ready to fight. I don't suppose Miss Marsden will approve this plan, for though it asserts that he who wants a chance to help to rule must be ready to fight, it also allows the man who doesn't want to rule to refuse to fight. Yet it would have one quality Miss Marsden ought to approve, " democracy " would almost always coincide with the rule of the stronger. At present " wowsers " and slackers can often outvote fighters, a mere shell of real government. Caldwell Harper. THE CASE OF MRS. SANGER To the Editor, The Egoist. Madam,—In the February number of The Egoist, that trenchant hater of humbug and lover of liberty, R. B. Kerr, had a letter on " the Cruelty of Good Women," in which he mentioned the case of Mrs. Margaret Sanger, and the silence of the American Suffragist leaders. Since the U.S. Post Office confiscated her paper The, Woman Rebel—who's motto was " No Gods. No Masters "—the movement for birth control has been a superb indication of the boldest direct action. Indicted before the Federal Courts, refused time to prepare her defence, Mrs. Sanger had privately printed and launched one hundred thousand copies of a pamphlet explaining the most reliable contraceptive methods in the clearest language. These were distributed to various centres of the I.W.W. movement, and have since been duplicated twice over by private printing presses, so the law is practically a dead letter! Mrs. Sanger then left for Europe, under an assumed name, in October 1914, and has since then been in Holland, France and England, preparing her defence, and writing and despatching another admirable pamphlet entitled " English Methods of Birth Control," which has also reached its destination safely. Her work has been highly approved by the most distinguished sex specialists, and has roused intense interest and appreciation among the thinking portion of the British working class, though so far, to the shame of our Press, the only papers which have dared to publish anything about her case have been The Egoist, the Clarion, and the Malthusian, the organ of the British Malthusian League, which warmly champions Mrs. Sanger and has issued an interesting manifesto on her behalf. Meanwhile Comstock has arrested Mr. William Sanger, an artist of strong and independent personality, Mrs. Sanger's husband. He was in no way implicated in the preparation and distribution of the pamphlet on "Family Limitation": nevertheless, through a post-office spy, he was entrapped into giving a single copy of the pamphlet to a supposed comrade, and was arrested by Comstock in person, and offered his liberty on the condition of betraying Mrs. Sanger's whereabouts. His trial has been repeatedly postponed. Mrs. Sanger's trial is fixed for October, and will be fought on the issues of Free Speech and Birth Control. The American Anti-Suffragists have rushed to the defence of Comstock and his spies, and a New York paper recently contained two delicious interviews. One was with a married female mandarin, who said that people who have the knowledge of preventing conception should be deprived of it, but omitted to state how. Interview No. 2 was with a virgin in some high educational post, who was very emphatic about her ignorance of the whole subject, but thought Mrs. Sanger should be suppressed. The Suffragists have officially refrained from any statement of their position: you see it touches a real, vital matter: I suppose we should be thankful that they have not hastened to repudiate Mrs. Sanger and all her works, as the English leaders denounced the Freewoman three years ago! F. W. Stella Browne. BACK NUMBERS OF The New Freewoman and The Egoist CONTAINING Remy de Gourmont's novel, " The Horses of Diomedes " (Aug. 15th, 1913—March 1st 1914), and James Joyce's "The Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man" (began March 1st, 1914). Unobta nable Elsewhere. Containing also prose by: Dora Marsden, Richard Aldington, Peter Altenburg (translated), H. Gaudier-Brzeska, Madame Ciolkowska (French chronicle), John Cournos, F. S. Flint, Remy de Gourmont (translated), Frances Gregg, Leigh Henry (music), Ford Madox Hueffer, R. W. Kauffman, Comte de Leautrèamont (translated), Wyndham Lewis, Harold Monro, M. Montagu-Nathan (music), Ezra Pound, Benjamin Tucker, Allen Upward, Rebecca West, and many others. Poetry by: Richard Aldington, Skipwith Cannell, H.D., John Gould Fletcher, F. S. Flint, Robert Frost, Paul Fort (in French), D. H. Lawrence, Amy Lowell, Ezra Pound, J. Rodker, May Sinclair, W. C. Williams, and others both English and French. To be obtained from the Publishing Office: OAKLEY HOUSE. BLOOMSBURY STREET, LONDON, W.C. Price (6 1/2d per copy (post free); U.S.A. 15 cents. Peasant Pottery Shop 41 Devonshire Street, Theobalds Road, W.C. (Close to Southampton Row) Interesting British and Continental: Peasant Pottery on sale: Brightly coloured plaited felt Rugs The Poet in the Desert By Charles Erskine Scott Wood, a series of rebel poems from the Great American Desert, dealing with Nature, Life and all phases of Revolutionary Thought. Octavo grey boards. Price $l.OO. For sale in New York, Brentano's; The Masses Book Store, 87 Greenwich St.; Mother Earth, 20 East 125th St. In Chicago, Walter Hill, Marshall Field Building. In San Francisco, The White House; Newbegin's. EDITORIAL. Letters, andc., intended for the Editor should be addressed to Oakley House, Bloomsbury Street, London, W.C. TERMS OF SUBSCRIPTION. Yearly, 6/6; U.S.A. $1.60. Six months, 3/3; U.S.A. $ .80. Three months 1/9; U.S.A. $ .40. Single copies 7d., post free to all countries. Cheques, postal and money orders, andc, should be payable to The New Freewoman, Ltd., and crossed " Parr's Bank, Bloomsbury Branch." ADVERTISEMENT RATES. Per page £4. Quarter page £1 1s. Od. Per inch, single column, 4s. Half rates after first insertion. All advertisements must be prepaid. THE LITTLE REVIEW Literature, Drama, Music, Art MARGARET C. ANDERSON, Editor Has been called " the most vital thing ever started in America " Unacademic, enthusiastic, appreciative and youthful Free from propaganda and outworn tradition PUBLISHED MONTHLY 15 cents a copy $1.50 a year 917 FINE ARTS BUILDING, CHICAGO A Really Different Magazine The Phoenix MICHAEL MONAHAN, Editor Atlanta Constitution: — The Phoenix is Literature. The Argonaut: — All discerning persons read The Phoenix. New York Evening Post: — Very much alive, witty, honest, and frequently very Irish. Rochester Post Express:— To our thinking quite the most satisfying periodical of its kind. Troy Times: — Covers the field of literature and life with conjoined frankness and keenness that are captivating. San Francisco Chronicle: — As full of paradox as Bernard Shaw, but whatever his faults, he is never dull. Chigago Post: — One of the few editors whose personal moods it is in the least possible to share. Brooklyn Eagle: — Will be appreciated by those who know the difference between literature and advertising. Subscription - - One Dollar a Year To Canada and Foreign Countries - $1.25 SOUTH NORWALK - CONN. U.SA. THE DRAMA A Quarterly devoted to the Development of a Wide and Intelligent Interest in Drama Each issue of THE DRAMA contains a translation of a complete play These plays, not otherwise accessible in English, represent especially the leading dramatists of the Continent THE DRAMA, in addition, devotes attention to modern stagecraft, new types of theatre building, organizations for drama reform, and all pertinent subjects Single copies, seventy-five cents Yearly Subscription, three dollars 736 MARQUETTEBUILDING, CHICAGO Printed by Ballantyne, Hanson and Co. Ltd.. Tavistock Street, Covent Garden, W.C, and published by the Proprietors The New Freewoman, Ltd., at Oakley House, Bloomsbury Street, London,].W.C.