The Crisis A New Book by Dr. Du Bois THE NEGRO By W. E. BURGHARDT DU BOIS, author of "Souls of Black Folk," "Quest of the Silver Fleece," "Select Bibliography of the Negro American," etc. This is the authentic romance of the black man. It is a history of him at once scholarly, earnest and eloquent. He is considered from the earliest times, and the thread of his fascinating story is followed in Africa, America, and wherever else it has appeared. To look at the Negro against the background of his history is to see him in a light fairer than that in which most Americans have seen him. 256 Pages—3 Maps—Cloth Bound At the low price of 50 cents net—By mail 56 cents Dr. Du Bois's new book is the latest addition to a remarkable series of low-priced new books with which everybody should become acquainted. These books may be obtained from The CRISIS, 70 Fifth Avenue, New York The Home University Library Is made up of new books by leading authorities. The editors are Professors GILBERT MURRAY, H. A. L. FISHER, W. T. BREWSTER and J. ARTHUR THOMSON. Cloth bound, good paper, clear type, 256 pages per volume. Each complete and sold separately --50c. net "A growing wonder of enterprise and sound judgment. Each volume, entirely new, is furnished by an acknowledged expert; is brief enough and plain enough to be readable or even fascinating, scientific enough to be a condensed authority —and at the nominal price of 50 cents."—Hartford Courant. SOME SELECTED EARLIER VOLUMES: EVOLUTION By J. A. Thomson LATIN AMERICA By W. R. Shepherd THE FRENCH REVOLUTION VICTORIAN LITERATURE By Hilaire Belloc G. K. Chesterton By ROME By W. Warde Fowler GERMANY OF TODAY PROBLEMS OF PHILOSOPHY By Charles Tower By Bertrand Russell EURIPIDES AND HIS AGE NAPOLEON By H. A. L. Fisher By Gilbert Murray THE CIVIL WAR By F. L. Paxson UNEMPLOYMENT By A. C. Pigou 94 volumes now ready. Send for a list 34 W. 33rd Street New York Mention T HI CRISIS TH E CRISIS A RECORD OF THE DARKER RACES PUBLISHED MONTHLY BY THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE, AT 70 FIFTH AVENUE. NEW YORK CITY Conducted by W. E. BURGHARDT DU BOIS AUGUSTUS GRANVILLE DILL, Business Manager Contents Copyrighted, 1915, by the National Association for the Advancement- of Colored People Contents for July, 1915 PICTURE S COVER . Howard P. Drew, University of Southern California.Champion Sprinter. Photograph from Life. Courtesy of The San Francisco UnitermThree Senior BishopsPictures of Eighty Graduates of Colleges, Professional SchoolsSchools World's  and High  Page  129  130ff ARTICLE S SOM E SCHOOLMEN *OU R FUTUR E LEADER STH E COLORE D HIG H SCHOO L 118  137  142 MR. B. T. WASHINGTON IN LOUISIANA By V. P. Thomas of New Orleans 144 SPRING. A Poem By Mrs. C. W. Clifford 136 DEPARTMENTS ALONG THE COLOR LINE 111 OPINIONS 121 EDITORIAL 129 NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COL ORED PEOPLE 147 TEN CENTS A COPY; ONE DOLLAR A YEAR FOREIGN SUBSCRIPTIONS TWENTY-FIVE CENTS EXTRA RENEWALS: When a subscription blank is attached to this page a renewal of your subscription is desired. The date of the expiration of your subscription will be found on the wrapper. CHANGE OF ADDRESS: The address of a subscriber can be changed as often as desired. In ordering a change of address, both the old and the new address must be given. Two weeks notice is required. MANUSCRIPTS and drawings relating to colored people are desired. They must be accompanied by return postage. If found unavailable they will be returned. Entered as Second-class Matter in the Post Office at New York, N. Y. 108 TH E CRISIS Atlanta University Is beautifully located in the City of Atlanta, Ga. The courses of study include High School, Normal School and College, with manual training and domestic science. Among the teachers are graduates of Yale, Harvard, Dartmouth and Wellesley. Forty-five years of successful work have been completed. Students come from all parts of the South. Graduates are almost universally successful. For further information address President EDWARD T. WARE ATLANTA, GA. Knoxville College Beautiful Situation. Healthful Location. The Best Moral and Spiritual Environ ment. A Splendid Intellectual Atmos phere. Noted for Honest and Thorough Work. Offers full courses in the following departments: College, Normal, High School, Grammar School and industrial. Good water, steam heat, electric lights, good drainage. Expenses very reasonable. Opportunity for self-help. Fall Term Began September, 1914. For information address President R. W. McGRANAHAN KNOXVTLLE, TENN. State Summer School Sixteenth Annual Session will begin July 5, 1915 at the Agricultural and Technical College, (formerly A. &amp; M . College) and continue five weeks. Write for catalog. Secure lodging in advance. Address J. H. BLUFORD, Director STATE SUMMER SCHOOL GREENSBORO, NORTH CAROLINA JAS. B. DUDLEY, President ADVERTISER MOREHOUSE COLLEGE (Formerly Atlanta Baptist College) ATLANTA, GA. College, Academy, Divinity School A n institution famous within recent years for its emphasis on all sides of manly development—the only institution in the far South devoted solely to the education of Negro young men. Graduates given high ranking by greatest northern universities. Debating, Y. M. C. A., athletics, all live features. For information address JOHN HOPE, President ST. MARY'S SCHOOL A n Episcopal boarding and day school for girls, under the direction of the Sisters of St Mary. Address: TH E SISTER-IN-CHARGE 611 N. 43d St. W. Philadelphia, Pa. AVOID BA D SCHOOLS Educate your children at home under our expert teacher Courses for Adults Pupils received at any time. Write to Educational Extension School, Box 3194 Station F, Washington, D. C. Highly Endorsed. Financially Responsible. WILEY UNIVERSITY MARSHALL, TEXAS Recognized as a college of the First Class by Texas and Louisiana State Boards of Education. Harvard, Yale and Columbia represented on its faculty; students gathered from ten different states. Strongest Music Department in the West M. W. DOGAN, President FISK UNIVERSITY NASHVILLE. TENN. Founded 1866 Thorough Literary, Scientific, Educational, Musical and Social Science Courses. Pioneer in Negro music. Special study in Negro life. Ideal and sanitary buildings and grounds. Well-equipped Science building. Christian home life. High standard of independent manhood and womanhood. For literature, etc., write C. W. Morrow, Acting President Mention THE CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER "The White Man's Burden" An Unusual Novel Would you like to read an interesting story of the day when the Negro race will lead civilization ? Then read The White Man's Burden By T. SHIRLEY HODGE Published by the Gorham Press, Boston PRIC E $1.00. Postage 6 cents Ca n be had at the office of TH E CRISIS, 70 Fifth Avenue "I have read this book with interest and recommend it to my friends. It has a fine lesson in its breast which is voiced in the concluding lines: 'The white man's burden is himself.' " W E. B. DuBois. The Cheyney Training School for Teachers CHEYNEY, PENNSYLVANIA Under the management of the Society of Friends. Beautifully located, healthful, well appointed, and within easy reach of a great variety of educational institutions, public and private, extending from West Chester to Philadelphia; representing a wide range of educational problems and practice. This school offers to young colored men and women who have a reasonable secondary school preparation, and who earnestly desire to become teachers, carefully graded courses in academic work, domestic science, domestic art, manual crafts and agriculture. Summer school will not be held at Cheyney during 1915, but will open on an improved basis in 1916. Tuition is free. Board, lodging, heat, light and laundry privileges are offered for nine months for $100. The charge for the same during the summer-school course is $15. Write for particulars to LESLIE PINCKNEY HILL, Principal Mention Tim Crisis 110 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER OF INTEREST TO VOCAL STUDENTS E. ALDAMA JACKSON Graduate Institute of Musical Art, Organist and Director of Music St. Mark's M. E. Church TONE-PLACING AND VOICE - DEVELOPMENT Teacher of Theory and Piano Points explained, viz,: Breath in Singing, Trying the Voice, the Theory course embraces elementary and advanced Soprano, the Mezzo-Soprano, the Harmony or Counterpoint. Contralto, Tenor Leggiero or High Tenor, the Baritone, the Bass, Private or Class Work Parts of the Vocal Apparatus, the Studio : 30 W. 132d STREET. NEW YORK CITY Mouth, the Tongue, Position when Practising, Position when Singing. How to Practice, Good Rules for CONCERT SOLOIST Singing. Comment from the conductor of the Paulist ChorLUL A ROBINSON-JONES, Soprano isters, the celebrated choral society which received the first prize awarded at the International Singing For terms write 126 West 134 Street, New York City Contest held in Paris on May 25, 1912: "Dear Mr. Tinsley: **I take great pleasure in commending your very useful and succinctly written book on 'Tone-Placing and Voice-Development.' Your own appreciation of the psychology of singing and the fundamental prinLINCOL N INSTITUT E ciples of the art you have cleverly reduced to a Sample svstem. Cordially yours, "Father WILLIAM J. FINN, C. S. P., Director Paulist Choristers of Chicago." Founded by Negro soldiers—SupFrom "Musical Courier," N. Y.: "A very practical ported by the State of Missouri. For little book is 'Tone-Placing and Voice-Development,' by Pedro T. Tinsley. It contains some very excellent both men and women. Faculty of 34 material and vocal exercises, and should be in the from the best schools and colleges of hinds of all vocal students." the country. College Department, offer From "Music News," Chicago, Ill: "Accordingly his 'Practical Method of Singing is a most concise ing four year's course with degree and practical little manual, containing many valuable Bachelor of Arts : Normal Department, vocal exercises. It cannot fail to be helpful to all offering two years' course, followed by ambitious vocal students." four years of Standard High School - HELPED HIM GREATLY work, and leading to the Degree "Since I practised your exercises of Tone-Placing Bachelor of Pedagogy: College pre and Voice-Development' my voice is more resonant than it has been for years. It seems to me that I paratory course. Music, art. domestic am getting a new voice." Prof, John T. Layton. science. elocution, agriculture, and Director Coleridge-Taylor Musical Society, 1722 10th trades courses. Normal diploma. Life St., N. W., Washington, D. C. certificate to teach in the public schools PRICE $1.00 of Missouri. One of the best schools Address the publisher: Pedro T. Tinsley, 6443 Drexel in the country for students of limited Ave,, Chicago, ILL: or Clayton F. Summy, 64 E. Van Buren St,, or Lyon &amp; Healy, Adams and Wabash means. Catalog on request. Ave., Chicago, Ill. THE NATIONAL TEACHERS' AGENCY Opens September 1st Through us school authorities, without expense or delay, get into communication with the strongest and most carefully investigated teachers in all lines. Teachers who seek positions or advancement should register with us and avail themselves of our expert BENJAMIN FRANKLIN ALLEN service. Prompt and courteous attention to corresPresident pondence. JEFFERSON CITY MISSOURI B. F. BOWLES, M ANAGER 2739 C ONVERSE A VENUE EAST ST. L OUIS, ILL. School Teachers Wanted We can place 3000 school teachers who wish to be pleasantly and profitably employed during their vacation time. Write us today for full information and free circular reproductions of our specialties. We will appoint you our representative and show you how to make from $2.00 to $10.00 per day and be your own boss. Agents wanted everywhere. Special offer for ministers. DOUGLAS SPECIALTIES CO. 3548 Vernon Ave. (Dept. K) Chicago, Ill. Trade Mark Mention T HE CRISIS TH E CRISIS Vol. 10 -No. 3 JULY, 1915 Whole No. 57 IOWA CHAPTER KAPPA ALPHA NU ALONG THE COLOR LINE EDUCATION HP THE larger colored educational insti •*• tutions are endowed as follows: Hampton Institute, $2,709,344. It has 1,050 acres of land and a total income of $408,785. Tuskegee Institute has an endowment of $1,942,112; it own., 2,400 acres of land and received last year $463,294. Talladega has an endowment of $185,606, with 800 acres of land and total receipts of $45,215. Atlanta University has an endowment of $101,863 and a total income of $50,196. Leland University has an endowment of $115,000 and a total income of $17,100. Fisk University including the results of its recent efforts will have an endowment of $430,000; its total income was $96,298 in 1914. Lincoln University has an endowment of about $700,000 and a total income of $43,000. Howard University has an endowment of about $300,000 and a total income of $158,000. Gammon Theological School has an endowment of about $500,000 and a total income of $26,000. • Three other schools, Lincoln in Kentucky, Brick in North Carolina and Calhoun in Alabama have endowments of about $100,000 each. The endowment funds of 20 other colored schools aggregate about $500,000. The Slater Fund for Negro Education amounts to nearly $2,000,000 with an annual income of over $70,000. The Jeanes Fund has an endowment of $1,000,000. This makes a total of ten and one-half millions. It would be fair to assume that about eleven million dollars of productive funds are invested to educate ten million American Negroes, outside the work of the public schools. Beside this, colored institutions including a few state schools have $17,810,000 invested in buildings, grounds, furniture and apparatus. C The enrollment of the Colored High School, Baltimore, Md., has reached 658 during the last year. The school is ranked by the United States Bureau of Education in Class A of accredited high schools. Its graduate, are admitted to the best New England colleges on certificate. C At the Brick School, N . C , three teacher's cottages have been erected during the year, a $15,000 building for academic work has been finished and a steam heating plant installed. UT At St. Augustine's School. N. C, a dormitory has been finished at a cost of $33,000. This is for girls and has every modern convenience. An Industrial Building has also been erected and a TH E CRISIS water supply provided. The Rev. A . B. Hunter who has been Principal for twenty-five years has retired from administrative work. ([The Southern Conference for Education and Industry is the latest name for the organization started by the "Ogden parties." It will have, permanent headquarters in Washington and the United States Commissioner of Education is Chairman of the Executive Committee. ([Of the 31 college graduates of Lincoln University this year, 13 will enter the ministry, 7 will study medicine, 5 will teach, 4 will take law, 1 will become a farmer and 1 an engineer. ([The Class Report of the University of Kansas says that the first colored graduate of the University, B. K . Bruce, '85, has in the past fifteen years coached 105 men for West Point, and 86 for Anapolis : and also coached 120 soldiers and 108 civilians for commissions in the Army. ([The Negro Medical Association of Kansas City, Mo., gives a scholarship of $50 annually to the ranking graduate of Lincoln High School. ([ R. C. Giles is the first colored student to reach the Senior Class in the Cornell University College of Medicine. He has done this in the face of requests for resignation, prejudice and other obstacles. ([ Hilmar Jensen was the victor in an oratorical contest at Hamilton College, Clinton, X. Y. He went up from the Asbury Park High School. ([ I. T. Howe from Colby won the two first places, in the 100 yard dash and the 220 yard dash at a large track meet of the New England Intercollegiate Association at Cambridge. ([ The Atlanta University Conference celebrated its twentieth anniversary at the recent commencement of the school. The publications of the conference are invaluable to those wishing information about the American Negro. C Solomon Butler of Rock Island, Ill., was the chief factor in the defeat of 18 high schools and 200 athletes at Evans- ton. Ill. He equalled the world's record in the 60 yard dash and in the high hurdles. He made four first places and received four medals. Butler will enter Northwestern Universitv in the Fall. d in Spokane, Washington, the Holmes School won first place over nine other schools chiefly through the work of Gomez Simpson, a colored boy who scored ten of the sixteen points. C In the Playground Championship Meet in New York City, P. Bolin, a colored boy, made an excellent showing, ti n the meet between the teams of the Rose Polytechnic Institute and the Indiana State Normal School at Terre Haute, L . Blake, a colored boy took first place in every event which he entered. (T J. A. Martin, President of Alcorn University, Miss., is dead and has been succeeded by L. J. Rowan. Alcorn has just completed a new dining hall worth $12,000 and a new steam laundry. ([ A graduate from the M Street High School, Washington, has written the Freshman Class Song at Radcliffe. Other graduates have received special honors this year at Harvard, Yale Williams, Amherst and Bowdoin. ([At the West Virginia Collegiate Institute a new dining hall has been erected at a cost of $40,000. It has a capacity for 500 students and is fireproof. The first floor is used for a storeroom and the third floor for dormitory purposes. ([The State Supervisor of Normal Schools of Ohio has placed the Com bined Normal and Industrial Department at Wilberforce on the list of approved normal schools for the training of elementary and special teachers. Graduates of this Department now receive a four years' provisional state certificate, and after two years' successful teaching a life certificate without further examination. This life certificate is recognized in thirty-five states. C There are twenty-seven colored students at the State University of Iowa. ([The Bellevue Cash Prize for the best work in surgical anatomy was won by the only colored student at Bellevue Medical College, New York City, Arthur E. Kennedy. ([At the annual meeting of the Georgia Educational Association, at Macon, Mr. L. M . Brittain urged more effort on the part of the state to secure understanding between the races and better citizenship among the colored people. ([The new principal of Manassas Industrial Institute. Manassas. Va., is Fred ALONG THE COLOR LINE 113 GENERAL HOSPITAL FOR NEGROES. KANSAS CITY, MO. D. Morton, formerly secretary to Roscoe C. Bruce. C Plans are complete for the opening of a Native College in South Africa. It will be ready to receive students July 1. C The results obtained, after six weeks' work with Negro adults, in what are called moonlight schools, near Winchester, Ky., were most encouraging. SOCIAL UPLIFT "R. S. L . Jepson of Wheeling has been made State Commissioner of Health in West Virginia by the governor. C The bill introduced by Senator Hitt in the Tennessee legislature to segregate Negroes in certain cities of the state has been killed. #J A n organization of colored people which owns a tract of land in Scioto County. Ohio, is working for funds to establish there a Home for Aged Colored People. C Atlanta, Ga., has two playgrounds for the use of colored children during the summer. C An Ohio election bill which required voters to state their color, has been amended so that the word "color" is omitted. C A colored baby, George E. M. Cannady, two years old, scored 96.3 per cent, at the recent Oregon Congress of Mothers' baby contest in Portland. ([ A one-armed Negro, who pushes a chair on the Atlantic City boardwalk, went to the aid of a young woman in a dangerous undertow. Though nearly exhausted he saved her. Several able-bodied white men hesitated. The hero's name was John E . Stoner. C Last month Mr. Nathaniel Guy and his company presented at the Howard Theatre, Washington, D. C , a play called "The Exile," by E. C. Williams. The entire production including scenery and training was by colored people. The performance was pronounced a success. C The General Hospital for Negroes of Kansas City, Mo., has 250 beds and 5,000 patients a year. The medical staff has 15 colored and 16 white physicians. There are 6 colored internes and 30 colored nurses. The hospital is thoroughly equipped and graduated three nurses this year from its training school. Dr. W. J. Thompkins is surgeon-in-charge. C Lemuel Googins who died in Baltimore left an estate of $200,000. C After a desperate struggle, William Sumpter, a colored boy living in Corona, X . Y., rescued from drowning a white boy whose canoe had capsized. C On learning that the colored people of North Adams, Mass., and vicinity objected to his proposed production of "The Nigger," Manager Taylor cancelled the engagement. C Effort is being made to get government aid for a group of people in North Carolina known as Croatan Indians. They are said to be a remnant of Raleigh's lost colony and to have Negro and Indian blood. Senator Hiram Revels came from this group and also Lewis Sheridan who was with lohn Brown at Harper's Ferry. TH E CRISIS C A daily newspaper of Tampa, Fla., in an effort to call attention to the business possibilities in the town, issued a booklet. Four pages in this were given to the social and industrial advancement of the colored population of Tampa. C In a tornado which swept over the southern part of Louisiana the people killed were largely Negroes. There is much consequent suffering there. C Because of . the recent barbarous lynching at Somerville, Tenn., a mass meeting of prominent white women was held at the Nineteenth Century Club of Memphis, to protest against this lawless practice. C The University Commission on Southern Race Questions has been meeting in Montgomery, Ala. The Commission visited Tuskegee and spent a day there. C The game of '"Hit the Nigger" which has been popular at summer amusement resorts, has been forbidden in New York, by the state legislature. C The mayor was the principal speaker at.the laying of the cornerstone of the Negro Methodist Church, at Thirteenth Street and Broadway, Louisville, Ky. C Before the Philadelphia Association for the Protection of Colored Women, Dr. Anna H . Shaw pleaded for suffrage for colored women as well as white. Colored women she said labored under the double handicap of sex and race. C Dr. Jacob Feitlovitch of Abyssinia has brought to the Jews of America a plea for spiritual aid for the black Jews of that country. C The Civil Rights Bill which passed the lower house of the Pennsylvania legislature has been amended in Senate committee. The penalties for violation have been made much less severe. C The mayors of both Nashville and St. Louis have declared publicly that they are opposed to any movement which tends to segregate the colored people. C Colored people of Louisville are set ting aside the first week in Tune as ten cent week. The monev collected in that time will be used for the colored orphans' home. C A concert was given in Beth-Phillah Fourth Moravian Church, New York City, which is a colored congregation, by the choir and orchestra of an Italian Presbyterian Church in the neighborhood. C Public spirited colored people of Denver are working hard to establish a sanatarium for the consumptives of the race in that city. C "The Clansman" by T. Dixon has been removed from the shelves of the Public Librarv of Bemidi. Minn. MUSIC AND ART T"\ DAVID MANNES, the distinguished American violinist has resigned from the directorship of the Music School Settlement of New York, because of the pressure of his concert work. Mr. Mannes says: "What extra time I may gain now, I must devote to the Music School Settlement for Colored People which I founded and which is doing such noble work under the direction of J. Rosamond Johnson. I feel that there too, are virtually unlimited possibilities and they must be looked after." C Prince Alfred Ilma, baritone, of the Yon Ende Music School faculty, who is related to King Menelik of Abyssinia, appeared in a song recital on April 26th at the Waldorf-Astoria. Musical America says: "'Huge, swarthy and Orientally impressive the Prince brought forth a baritone voice mighty in volume." CThe closing Recital of the Howard University Conservatorv of Music was held early in June. Miss Lampton, the first graduate. showed considerable musical ability. C Mrs. Carolyn Bland-Sheler was the soprano soloist at the recital given at the Faith Presbyterian Church. York. Pa., on May 27th. and at a recital at Harrisburg, Pa., on June first. Mrs. Sheler was assisted bv Mrs. Frank M . Hyder. accompanist. C The Ricordi Company has lately published a group of songs called "Passionale," the sympathetic lyrics of which are by James Johnson and the music bv Harry T. Burleigh. The songs are dedicated to tenor singers of prominence. C The John Church Company has issued a new part song for male voices written bv Carl Hahn. The song is a setting of Paul Laurence Dunbar's " A Song of the ALONG THE COLOR LINE US Main," and is said to be one of the most admirable of this American composer's compositions. C A set of excellent violin studies by Clarence C. White, violinist, has been announced by C. W. Thompson &amp; Company, music publishers of Boston, Mass. |[ "The Children's Crusade" was the oratoria given by the Howard University Conservatory of Music at the third annual May Festival on May 6th at Howard University, Washington, D. C. Miss Lula V. Childers was the director and Mr. Roland W. Hayes of Boston, Mass., the tenor soloist. C The Business Clerks' Association of Philadelphia, Pa., presented "The Egyptian Princess," an operetta in two acts, at St. Peter Clayer's Auditorium, Philadelphia, late in April. The role of "Alva" was sung by Miss Blanche E. Williams, soprano. MEETINGS T&gt; BY an annoying error the Crisis stated last month that the Emancipation Celebration, which is to take place in Chicago, would begin in Au gust, "1916." This, of course, was a mistake. The exposition opens in Au gust this summer, 1915. C The meeting of the Tri-State Dental Association of the District of Columbia, Maryland and Virginia will be held at Buckroe Beach in July, and not in June as stated last month. C The Georgia State Association of Colored Physicians has met in Augusta, and the Palmetto Medical Association of South Carolina at Greenville, S. C. C The Negro Business League of Illinois met in Springfield in June. C Under the auspices of the Negro Historical and Industrial Association a National Negro Exposition will be held in Richmond, from July 5 to 27. It will commemorate the emancipation of the Negro. The committee in charge will gather industrial exhibits from the schools of the country. Congress has appropriated $55,000 for the occasion. The Common Council of Richmond has given $5,000 and the State of New York, $7,500. C The Georgia Federation of Women's Clubs, of which Mrs. Alice D. Gary is president, held its animal meeting in Columbus, O., June 10, 11. C Gov. Willis will make the address of welcome on behalf of the state to the Knights of Pythias at Columbus, O., at the 18th biennial session. Maj.-Gen. K. R. Jackson expects not less than 7,000 men in camp. Mr. Robert D. Barcus is chairman of the local committee. C Under the auspices of the Northeastern Federation of Colored Women's Clubs a large mass meeting was held at Bethel A. M. E. Church in New York-City. C White and colored people took part in the Southern Sociological Congress, held at Houston, Texas. The speakers discussed the condition of the Negro from many points of view. The attitude of the white speakers was encouragingly sympathetic. C The Negro Land Grant Colleges will hold a conference in Cincinnati this month, where also the National Association of Teachers in Colored Schools will meet. THE CHURCH BISHOP RHINELANDER presided at the third annual conference of church workers among colored people in St. Barnabas Episcopal Church, Germantown, Pa. C People attending the West Virginia Sunday School Association in Charleston, W. Va., were delighted with the singing of the students of the W. Va. Collegiate Institute, a school for colored youths. They had been invited and attended in a body. C The mission department of the Methodist Church South, held an ..Institute in June for the colored ministers of the church. C The bishops of Mombassa and Uganda have been adjudged not guilty in the Kikuyu case, by the Archbishop of Canterbury. 'They have been admonished however, not to repeat the act which caused so much comment in England among churchmen there. The trouble arose when these two bishops met with workers from other churches in a missionary conference. 'There it was proposed to work- for a united Christian Church in Africa. The archbishop says such an end is to be desired but the time 116 THE is not yet ripe. He gave them very definite rules for their guidance when in formal meeting with other ministers. ECONOMICS A N unfortunate occurrence is the at tempt of a part of the stockholders of the Dixie Industrial Company to oust William E. Benson, founder and president. This company was founded sixteen years ago. It is worth about $400,000 and has been a notable undertaking. Mr. Benson charges that a "Negro Education Trust" has been opposing him. A white man has been nominated to succeed him. C J. H . Kelly, a colored man, who has been employed by the Illinois Central R. R. for 42 years, is chief train dispatcher at Carbondale, Ill. C The National Publishing Co. has appointed Joseph E. Howard,,, a colored man, who has been with them 15 years, manager of the Chicago branch of the firm. C The People's Co-operative Drug &amp; Mercantile Co. has been formed at Union Springs, Ala. C The African Union Co., a colored importing company, will sell to American merchants, 18,000 mahogany trees which they have purchased in Liberia. C Mr. M. A. Hawkins of Baltimore has invented a music cabinet which will accommodate the largest number of music rolls to a given space. It has other novel features. C A recent bulletin by the National League on Urban Conditions Among Negroes treats of housing conditions among the colored people in New York. Some of the evils mentioned.are municipal indifference, high rents and so many old fashioned, dark houses. C The National Association of Negro Mechanics has been organized in New York City. R. W. Fearing and fourteen other mechanics were the founders and nearly one hundred members have been enrolled. PERSONAL r I 1 THE contest for councilman in Balti more was very bitter, at the last election, but Hon. Harry S. Cummings, who has served many years, was re elected. CRISIS C Mr. Henry Tones, who has been with the International Harvester Co. forty- two years, has been retired on a pension. ([James V . Herring of Syracuse Uni versity will conduct an art studio in Greensboro, N . C , during the summer. C Father Tolton, the first Negro Cath olic priest in the United States will have his grave in St. Peter's Cemetery marked by a monument, which will be paid for entirely by colored Catholics. C Mr. J. D. Baltimore, teacher of ma chinery in the Armstrong Technical High School, Washington, D. C , has been elected a Fellow of the Royal So ciety of Art, London, England. C Abram Smith, a colored merchant of St. Thomas, D. W. I., has been elected crown member of the legislature in Den mark. C Mrs. Clara Fountain of Hastings, Neb., recently passed her 115th birth day, and is still active. She says she expects to live to be 125, the age at which her mother died. C Senor J. P. Santamarina of Argen tina, spoke at the colored Moravian Church in New York City on how Cen tral and South America had solved the race problem. C Miss Hazel Hunches, a colored -girl of Glenwood, Ia., drew an automobile in a contest conducted by the.merchants of Glenwood. C Major Wilson Ballard has resigned from the Liberian Constabulary. With Mrs. Charles Young and Mrs. Ballard he left Liberia for Spain in April. COURTS THE Supreme Court decided against Auburn Railroad which refused Car roll Johnson the right to dance in a pa vilion in Lakeside Park in Auburn. The railroad will appeal. C J. S. Anderson, a Negro who has seen healing people in Kingston, Tenn., by giving herbs in Indian fashion, has been enjoined from practising in Tennessee. He is reported to be wealthy. Many persons wish the decision had been otherwise, as they say his treatment was in most cases quite helpful. C Two colored men who were refused meals by James Poutos, a restauranteur of Chicago, have sued for $500 each. C Isaac Collins, Justice of Peace in Pat ALONG THE COLOR LINE terson, and real estate broker, Wm. Hopper, lumber manufacturer and Mr. T. H. Williams, have been chosen for the Grand Jury of Passaic County. This is the first time that colored men have ever served in this capacity in the county. C Three white men have been sentenced to life imprisonment in Arkansas for the murder of an aged Negro, Angus Nee-lev. The people in the community said he carried a good deal of money on his person. Whatever money he had was taken by his murderers. THE GHETTO Betty HICKS, a colored woman of *** Lucy, Tenn., who worked on the farm of H . H. Jennings and bore him eight children, has been declared his rightful heir by jury. His relations produced another will, but this was shown to be forged. Jennings left $80,000. &lt;[ Far seeing natives, who wish that the ruinous consumption of brandy by colored people in South Africa might be stopped, are not hopeful that the present agitation will be effective. They point to the small tax on brandy and the indifference to the illicit trade which goes on to prove that the manufacturers have the protection of the government. C Paul Rader, pastor of the church which Dwight Moody founded in Chicago, objects to colored people in his church. C A Negro convict who, according to custom, was hired out by the Slate of Alabama to N . B. Burton, a white farmer, was beaten to death while ill with pneumonia. C The Colored citizens of Roslyn, L . I., are making a determined light to have a small school set apart for their children, closed. ([ Many colored men living in one district in Kansas City were registered from another and so were., unable to vote. This has been explained as a clerical error. The colored people have brought charges and an investigation is being made. M CRIME r THE following lynchings have taken place since our last record: In Alabama, Jesse Hatch, for assault on a woman ; at Princeton, Ky., Arthur Bell, accused of assault on a woman; at Pine-wood, S. C , Joel Green; in Kemper County, Miss., a colored farm worker accused of writing a note to a white girl; Sam Stephens at Yoccoa, Ga., accused of attacking a white girl; Utes Smith at Winnboro, S. C , charged with attacking a white woman. JUBILEE HALL, FISK UNIVERSITY, "BUILDED OF SONG" COLORED YALE, 1915 SOME SCHOOLMEN WIT H the resignation of James M . * ' Gregory of the Bordentown M . T. &amp; I. School, a veteran passes from active work. Mr. Gregory was born in Kentucky in 1849. He was educated in Cleveland and Oberlin and after being refused entrance to West Point on account of color finally graduated at Howard in the first college class, 1872. He became teacher of Latin at Howard immediately after graduation and taught there twenty years. In 1896 he took up the work at Bordentown where he has served eighteen years. Mr. Gregory was for years a member of the Board of Education of the District of Columbia and chairman of the committee which examined all applicants for positions both white and colored. Mr. W. R. Valentine succeeds to the principalship at Bordentown. He was bora in Virginia in 1879 but came to New Jersey in infancy. He was graduated at Harvard in 1904 and began work in the colored public schools of Indianapolis. Here as principal and supervising principal he has served eleven years. While here he developed a social center and vocational school of such a character as to attract considerable attention in the Middle West. The Popular Educator for June, 1914, published an article concerning the work. Dr. John Dewey of Columbia University in his new book, "Schools of Today," devotes considerable space to a description of the work. The Indianapolis Star says editorially: "His labor and influence have been felt in every direction and he has made many friends among white as well as colored people of the city. His appointment as principal of the State Industrial and Agricultural School of New Jersey is a deserved recognition, and his zeal, enthusiasm and fine executive ability should make for efficiency in that position." The Kansas City Journal had recently an editorial on another veteran educator. "The retirement of Professor George N . Grisham after a life time spent in the education of the Negro children of Kansas City is an incident that may well be regretted, not only by the Negro people of this community but by all friends of education. Professor Grisham, during his long years of modest but effective service, has labored earnestly SOME SCHOOLMEN MR JAMES M. GREGORY tor the advancement of the intellectual interests of his people. He is recognized as one of the most prominent Negro educators of America and has always represented the best elements of his race, both here and throughout the country. "As principal of the Lincoln high school for many years Professor Grisham has raised that institution to the front rank among the Negro high schools of the country and has made it the center of the educational interests of the race in Kansas City. His friends, of both colors, will join in hoping that the popular instructor's enforced rest will be beneficial to him and that in at least an advisory capacity he may continue to serve his people for many years to come." Principal E. C. Williams of the M . St. High School, Washington, D. C , is a versatile man. He has recently staged a drama, he has served as librarian of one of the largest American universities MR. W. R. VALENTINE and he is principal of one of the largest colored high schools in the land. He was born and educated in Cleveland. He attended Western Reserve University, received the key of the Phi Beta Kappa in his junior year and played on the Varsity base ball team and on other teams. After graduation he was made librarian and afterward organized the instruction in library methods. He was a charter member of the Ohio Library Association, and in 1905 was chosen as lecturer on reference work before the Ohio Library Institute. Mr. Williams has been called upon frequently to act as translator of documents from French, German, Italian and Spanish, and was offered a pos t as translator of Italian and Spanish documents for the collection on the Philippine Islands published by the A. H . Clark Company. In 1909 he was offered the principalship of the M Street Hieh School, in Washington. D. C. This post he accepted and now fills. Since coming to Washington TH E CRISIS LIEUT. B. O. DAVIS, 10th CAVALRY, U.S. A. he has been asked to consider a position as organizer and head of the department of library science in a large state normal school in the West. In 1902 Mr. Williams married the eldest daughter of Mr . Charles W . Chesnutt, the author. Mrs. Williams is a graduate of Smith and has one son. The national government has reassigned Lieut. B. O. Davis to Wilber- MR. E. C. WILLIAMS force as Military instructor, giving that school again the unique distinction of being the only Negro institution with a military department recognized and maintained by the United States Government. The military instruction given is to qualify students to be company officers of infantry, volunteers or militia. The course consists of three years' work. THE HOSPITAL AT TUSKEGEE NATIONAL MEDICAL ASSOCIATION AT MEHARRY OPINIONS CHRISTIANITY FOR BLACKS. TW O The white southern editor of ARRAIGN - the Elizabeth City, N. C. In-MENTS dependent certainly has cour age. Representing as he does the great white laboring mass of the South, his words are peculiarly significant : "We have exploited and oppressed every weaker people with whom we have come in contact. We send missionaries ostensibly to educate and uplift the heathen, whereas in fact the missionary is more often just another tool of our rich manufacturing and mercantile class, to open up new markets for their goods. Where the missionary fails with his spiritual dope, we send in liquor and opium or some other brand of dope. In the case of the American Indian we used liquor. In China we used opium. We have nearly succeeded in exterminating the Indian. The Chinaman has worsted us however by putting a ban on opium and abolishing its cultivation and use in his domains. God help the poor Indian ! The Chinaman seems to be helping himself. "I say we have got to adopt a different policy in our dealings with all colored acres. Retribution is waiting for us just around the corner, with a terrible club. I have been wanting to say, for some time, that we may have attempted to exploit one race of colored people too many and we arc beginning to find out our mistake. Not satisfied with our extermination of the red man and subjection of the black man. we set in to despoil the yellow man. The yellow man is beginning to bother us. "For untold centuries Japan was a hermit nation. Her people kept to themselves on their own little island and managed somehow to keep the rest of the world out. They would not build ships to sail the seas because they did not want their people to venture into lands from which they desired no visitors. But in 1853 our president Millard Fillmore sent Commodore Perry with a fleet of warships to Japan. We forced these little yellow men, at the point of our terrible guns, to open their country to our ships and our commerce. I have heard preachers piously proclaim that Commodore Perry opened the door of Japan to Christianity. Perhaps he did. But what was the result, to Japan ? "Having forced an entrance to the country we flooded its markets with our cheap machine made goods, something to which Japan was not accustomed. Japan was a land of arts and crafts. Labor had not been debased and prostituted by machinery- Japanese wares were made by hand and every workman was an artist. They could not compete with our cheap machine methods. The result was that the arts and crafts in Japan were nearly destroyed. Annies of honest, peaceful Japanese workmen, unable to compete with us, were thrown out of employment and threatened with starvation. 122 THE CRISIS "This story of the panic and hardship we imposed upon this little country is not generally known. We are ashamed to put the facts in our school books. But what Japan did when she woke up, is quite another story and now generally well known. Japan has appropriated our Western civilization and western business methods and is beating us at our own game. Now our Hobsons are running up and down the country yelling for us to stop the 'Yellow Peril,' and out in California and other Western States white folk are passing laws to keep these yellow men from owning land. And we would pass laws to keep them out of the country entirely if we had the nerve. But in dealing with the yellow men we are not dealing with blacks. There are only twelve million black men and we can give them hell; but there are six hundred million yellow men all told and their numbers compel a hypocritical respect. "The whole history of our dealings with the colored people of the world is a hideous phantasmagoria of colossal errors. In the name of Christianity and Civilization we have conquered and oppressed them and a few o f our wealthy class have reaped rich financial reward in the process. But for the dirty dollars a few o f our rich manufacturers, exporters, bankers and railroad men have made from this oppression and exploitation, the bone-headed mass of us have inherited a world of trouble." m THE RIGHT TO WORK NORT H In the South the Negro may AN D work for the lowest wages; in SOUT H the North he is barred from work or works for wages lower than white men. The Providence, R. I. Tribune says: "The son of Abraham Lincoln sat in Washington the other day and discussed the Negro problem. It was fitting that the son of the man who gave his life to liberate the Negro race from slavery should speak on that subject, and what he said deserves more attention than it has received. "When he spoke from the witness stand under oath at a meeting of the Federal Commission on Industrial Relations, that he spoke as the Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Pullman Car Company and that he spoke of a social rather than a constitutional slavery only adds to the ironic significance of it all. "Robert Lincoln conceded that the pay of Pullman porters is at its maximum just twenty-seven dollars and fifty cents a month. He was irritated when asked if he thought that this wage was enough to support a family in decency, and he answered with a vigorous negative. He admitted that the corporation in fixing the wage scale calculates the gratuities which passengers are accustomed to pay, and he took credit for the corporation from the fact that the original wage was only fifteen dollars a month. Finally he declared with emphasis that 'the one element in the uplift of the colored race was its service with the Pullman Company.' "The shade of the martyred emancipator must have writhed when this testimony was made part of an official record taken in the shadow of the Capitol by a Federal Commission. As the most responsible officer in a corporation which has never paid less than six per cent, dividends, with net profits amounting to one hundred and sixty million dollars, Abraham Lincoln's son asserted that the greatest thing accomplished for the betterment of the Negro race has been its employment at a wage beginning with fifty cents a day and never passing the dollar mark, on a system which, in the eyes of the world outside the Pullman offices, does more to degrade the employe than any other allowed by the law of the land." A writer in the Scranton, Pa. Telegram adds this: "Rev. G. W. Williams, pastor of the African Methodist Church, calls our attention to a fact that is not creditable to the humanitarian or the Christian side of the people of this city, and it is that while we are sending money to Africa, India and China to Christianize heathens we are giving no help to the Negro at our door. In fact, we have locked the doors of our homes, our offices, our stores and our factories against the Negro and at the same time we insist that he be a law abiding, honest gentle OPINIONS man like our hypocritical selves. We are such a liberal white people that we open the schools to the Negro child and we educate it, and then we refuse to give employment to the Negro boy or girl we have fitted for a successful career. Some years ago we graduated two Negro girls from our high school and then we turned our backs on them, and refused them places in store or in offices and forced them back to poor colored people who are illiterate. One of the girls killed the other and put a bill of costs on us that we well deserved. "We brag about freeing the Negro, yet in this valley we give him no chance to rise. We even now refuse to permit him to shine our shoes. Let us tell the Negro the truth. We are prejudiced against him, because there is more prejudice than charity in our make-up. We shout and yell, and enact pulpit stunts, for the Christ who died to free all people, and then we bar ourselves against any relations with the Negro. What must God think of us when lie knows how we treat the colored people?" We cannot refrain from quoting another bit from the Elizabeth Citv, N . C. Independent: "The other flay I heard a bullet-headed white man who works in a sawmill, make a sneering remark after reading an editorial in which I had insisted that we must adopt a different policy in our treatment of the Negro race and give the Negro a chance to rise instead of keeping him down. That bullet-headed poor white man working himself thread-bare in a lumber shed ten hours a day for a pitiful pittance of $1.25 a day couldn't see a pitfall ten feet ahead of him if it were posted with animated DANGER signs as big as box cars. "Emerson said that you can't build a wall to shut the other fellow out, without shutting yourself in. The same proposition has been stated in another way by a prominent educator: 'To keep a fellow human being in the ditch, you have got to stay in the ditch with him.' That is everlastingly true. An d so the poor bone-headed white man who works ten hours a day at back-breaking labor in a saw mill and who has to support his wife and children in squalor on this miserable wage, is getting only a $1.25 a day because the saw-mill man can hire 'niggers' for the same work fo r $1.25 a day. And the saw mill men encourage the poor white man to hate the 'nigger' and help keep the 'nigger' down. The saw mill man living in comfort has the leisure to figure out for himself that just so long as he can keep the Negro down, he will not have to bother about keeping the poor white man down. I f this isn't as true as any gospel that ever circulated in an Oxford binding, then I'll eat the Lizard and risk a violent death from old fashioned cholera morbus." Si RACE PREJUDICE FOUR The New York Cull relates POINTS OF this incident: VIEW It was near the close of the noon hour and the pupils of one of our biggest public schools clustered about the gates waiting for the fatal moment when it would become imperative for them to leave the joyous freedom of the street and hurry back- to their cabined and con-lined life of the classroom. As we approached the surging, shouting, gesticulating mass of youth we were struck by a sight which mafic us stop short and gaze our till before going on again. "Leaning against the steps of the school were two young girls of about 15 years of age. Their arms were lovingly intertwined and their hands tightly clasped. One of them was a lovely creature with the fairest skin, big blue eyes and blond curls caught back with a big pink bow that matched her tasty pink dress. The other was a Negress, black and uncomely as can be imagined, with her kinky hair brushed into an orderly pig-tail, and her costume a cheap white shirt-waist and rusty black skirt. There they stood with that air of ecstatic intimacy that marks the friendships of girls in their teens, the white hand clasping the black, the blond curls blowing tenderly against the despised 'wool.' " A painter should have immortalized them as they stood there and called them 'America'—the America of our dreams. For they were a symbol of all America could be and some day will be—a real democracy that knows not race nor color nor creed nor class. Already they sit 124 THE together, the black girl and the white, in that great institution of democracy, the free school, that first, faint promise of all the state will one day do, collectively, for its own. "It was a sight good for the soul in these troublous days, infinitely suggestive and hope inspiring. It was an earnest of the Human Sisterhood that is to be." This arouses the ire of the Louisville, Ky., Times: "With hysterical sentimentalists writing in this fashion, of what avail are the words of Booker Washington, the Mentor of the black race, who only a few days ago said to an audience of Negroes in New York that the chief drawback to the colored man in the United States is that he 'doesn't want to be black and can't be white.' He proceeded further to admonish the Negro to stick to his race and not try to 'ape white folks.' " 'If one of your race opens a store,' Washington told them, 'patronize him, bring others to him and help him push his business.' "There is sound sense in that argument, but we can only pity the misguided humanitarians (?) who see in the intimacy of the black and the white girl the augury of a beautiful 'human sisterhood' to be. Booker Washington's theory of the ultimate salvation of the Negro is hard work and the faculty of keeping out of the white man's territory. The blacks may achieve a great deal if they pursue the course mapped out for them bv the Tuskegee educator, but if they listen to the siren songs of writers who prate of the 'ecstatic intimacy' of the white girl and the Negro they will fall short of their goal, at least so far as the South is concerned with their case. 1. D. Barry, the widely known syndicate writer says in the San Francisco Bulletin: "Several weeks ago I printed an article on the magazine for colored people. T HE CRISIS, published in _New York and edited by William E. Burghardt Du Bois, speaking of its literary excellence and of the interesting way it reflected the steadily increasing development of the colored people in this country. Some CRISIS what to my surprise I received from many colored people letters of thanks, some of them pathetic in their eagerness to respond to a friendly word from one outside their race. Those letters gave me a sense of the isolation of the colored people in this country, the loneliness, the feeling of being shut out from so much in life that ought to be within their reach. "I suppose there are few forces in the world so hard to deal with as race preju dice and few forces so harmful to indi vidual character and to social co-opera tion. Behind the war of 1914, which looks as if it might be the war of 1915, too, and of several more years, works this terrible force, creating, sustaining, and trying to justify the havoc. Its be ing so insidious makes it hard to reach. Somehow it is in the air. Children draw it in with their breath "With many of us the prejudice against the Negroes is due to unfamili arity. It is likely to be fortified by pre judices of association, not unrelated to economics. Generally speaking, the Negroes are poor. They live apart. From the point of view of conventional prosperity, they belong among the alien people. It is natural, then, for those who seldom see them and never see them at close range to regard them as humanly different from themselves, perhaps as not quite human. This kind of false thinking is common. It prevails often among people of the same race, the same kind of inheritance, living under more or less similar conditions, perhaps in the same town. "One often hears successful people, tor example, say of servants something like: 'They don't feel as we do. They are not like us.' "Often they are right. But if the dif erences and distinctions were to be ex amined credit would not always go to the successful. Moreover, the contrasts would be found to be largely superficial, due to the effect of conditions outside. "There are those now who frankly say of the Negroes that they are funda mentally and essentially different from the white people and must always remain so. Some of them used to go so far as to declare that the Negroes were in capable of being highly educated and OPINIONS thoroughly civilized. They have ceased to make themselves heard. They know that their arguments would be shattered by example after example drawn from colored people of at least two generations. Moreover, even while statements of that kind were freely made in this country, there were throughout the world plenty of examples of women and men who showed that the statements were wholly gratuitous and absurd. "Many of us who have known colored people are aware that, like all the downtrodden races, they have been slandered. The very people who have helped to debase them have declared that the debasement was according to nature. In a sense they were right. But the debasement was according to the nature, not of the colored people, but of the white people. "Nothing is easier than to attribute to God iniquities that are encouraged by men, except, possibly, attributing to God superiorities that are the result, not of inherent merit, but of the culture resulting from worldly advantage. "The prejudice against color in skin is one of the most peculiar of all prejudices ; but it has got such a hold on us that many people cannot see even its peculiarity. They, too, confuse it with what is natural, with instinct. And yet, if they stop to think, they must see how absurdly it can contradict itself. For example, among white people there is no prejudice against other white people who happen to be of very dark complexion, with black hair and black eyes, and with brown skin. On the contrary, members of this type are often considered fine looking and greatly admired. Besides, what is there in a white skin that establishes its pre-eminence? We actually have a kind of feeling against it ourselves when it is very white. Certain kinds of whiteness we associate with weakness and disease. We hear mothers lamenting because their children are so pale and we hear expressions of concern over pallor in grown-ups. "Is it not possible that the time will come when whiteness of skin will be considered a mark, not of superiority but of inferiority?" To this we may append a frank letter sent to the St. Louis Post-Despatch by a defender of a proposed Negro ghetto: "Would you care to have your daughter or son placed in the same seat at the same desk in school with a Negro boy or girl, as is done in some Eastern cities? Would you care to share your family pew in church with a Negro family? Yet that is practically what your advocacy of your colored brethren will lead to if continued to its final analysis. There is an article in a morning paper written by a lady living at the Buckingham Hotel, condemning 'class legislation,' as she calls it. I'll venture to assert she would scorn a seat at the same table or occupy a suite of apartments next to a Negro family, yet that is just what you and she are asking of the white residents of St. Louis. Remember, I am not opposed to Negroes in an educational or any other sense—in their proper place. Many Negroes undoubtedly are far better educated than the undersigned. Many have accumulated more wealth (which would be extremely easy). But I vehemently protest against recognizing them as my social equal. Educate them to the utmost—the better education the better the man, but let them live in their own communities. "Miscegenation is unlawful in this country. Thus by law the Negro is declared to be inferior to the white. Socially the law should draw the same distinction." m THE WAR EFFEC T O N What effect will the Great PREJUDICE War have on color prejudice? Saint Nihal Singh, writing in the Southern Workman, says: "The necessity that has led to the employment of colored soldiers on the Continent of Europe, deals a shattering blow to racial prejudices. After the war is over, the position of the dark people in the political economy of Greater Britain and Greater France will never be the same that it was before the conflict took place. The destiny of the Indian subjects of the British Empire and the Negro citizens of the French Republic is bound to be completely re-shaped as the aftermath of the war. Hints of it have already begun to appear in the British and French press, even though both the nations are engaged in a life 126 THE and death struggle and have no time to think of any constructive work. "In thus writing about the issues that have led to the employment of dark-skinned soldiers on the Continent, and of their behavior on the battlefield, I have not sought to glorify war. Carnage is utterly repugnant to every humanitarian. Al l I have attempted to do is to show that good may come to the colored races out of this ghastly struggle in Europe. The war which has stirred up strife between white man and white man, may serve to reconcile the Caucasian to his dark-faced brother." Joseph Edgar Chamberlin in the New York Evening Mail doubts this conclusion : "Alas! Negro troops have done all this, or as much, before, and their courage has availed them little in the way of social advancement. From the earliest dawn of history, j n ancient Egypt, Negro troops have been celebrated for intrepidity in battle; but they have achieved no equal position with all their fighting. It may be said that our own civil war advanced them greatly, and that the ballot was the answer to their fierce bravery, their perfect sacrifice, in the pit of death at Fort Wagner and on other fields of battle. But when the war was over, this service was soon forgotten, and the Negro race in America has lost the boon of the ballot in about half of the United States. "Negro troops, with splendid courage and coolness, saved the day at Las Guasisimas, in the Spanish war. and fought at San Juan Hill and El Caney with heroism unsurpassed by any white organization. But it would he hard to say in what place or in what manner that record of intrepidity has socially or politically advantaged the race. "France is about the only country that gives equality to the colored man ; and presumably, in that country, the service of the Senegalese will not be forgotten. But in the white world at large, no shattering blow will be dealt to racial prejudice as a result of it." The Ilanga Lase Natal, a native paper of South Africa says: "The enormous quantities of gold that have been sent from South Africa to England have materially affected the CRISIS issues of the greatest war on record. No wonder that prince of financiers, the Right Honorable Lloyd George, _ refers to it as substantial aid ; and we join with the millions of British subjects in expressing satisfaction in using it for suppressing the enemy of the World's peace. But there is a phase of the subject that should be noted, and that is the mass of African labor that has made it possible to win so much gold from mother earth, that labor has made it possible to apply the great means of exchange to the great national purposes that are now demanded of Britain. And as that giant native labor has so faithfully served, and is still serving, shall no notice be taken of it, shall not a word of recognition be made? For just one reason, that Britons show that they do not wish to foster meanness." The Toronto Globe says, finely : "There must be no world-mastership by any nation: not German, nor Russian, not Oriental, not American, and, please God, not British. No nation is good enough to stereotype the national aspirations of humanity. No race is pure enough to make its life blood the motive power of all the world. No people are so near perfection that their culture is fit to dominate civilization. When any nation sets itself to mold all peoples after its own fixed type the Great Lord God does as He has done many times in history: He smashes the pattern and begins again. "Partnership, not antagonism! Cooperation, not conflict! Law, not force ! Justice, not power! Equality for all, because mastership for none! For that Britain is ready to die. For that America ought to be lit to live. Nothing less is worth while. Nothing else matters." THE WRITHING SOUTH CROS S The South cannot remain CURRENT S foreve r provincial. Evidences of moral "Sturm und Drang" multiply. The Houston, Texas, Post says : "The Shreveport Times is greatly disappointed that the investigation into the disgraceful lynchings that occurred in Caddo parish last December has been OPINIONS without results up to the present time. At the time of the crimes, which aroused the indignation of the good people of Shreveport, it was declared that nothing would be left undone to bring the members of the mob to justice. A public inquiry was instituted by the attorney general of Louisiana and this was supplemented by the secret investigation of two grand juries. "The Times tells us that neither grand jury returned- indictments and it is feared the probes are at an end and the matter will be dropped. "O f course, the whole matter will be dropped. That is exactly what the Post said in discussing the lynchings at the time of their occurrence. That always happens. Lynching probes always prove fruitless, and after the first wave of public indignation subsides the officers quickly cease their efforts. That is not all. If the grand jury had returned indictments, the members of the mob would not have been convicted. "And be it known that the failure of justice in these mob murders is in no sense due to mystery. We daresay that hundreds of men in Caddo parish know the men who are responsible for the murder of the victims. The officers, or some of them, know at least some of the men who were implicated. For reasons satisfactory to themselves they simply prefer to let the matter drop. "A n officer who would run down lynchers, secure the evidence and put them in jeopardy, would risk his official tenure. The lynchers, their families and friends would not only be able to defeat officers of diligence, but the witnesses would know that their testimony might subject them to serious trouble at the hands of their guilty neighbors. "There are people who seem to think that a large number of men have some sort of right to take the law into their hands and execute men suspected of crime or known to be guity of it, and men in office feel that it is not safe to attempt to convict an entire community. Moreover, when the victims of the mob happen to be Negroes this question is occasionally heard: 'Why should substantial white men be hanged or imprisoned for putting a Negro criminal to death, anyway?' "And yet a Negro has just as much right to a fair and impartial trial as a person of any other race. N o mob has a right to execute him. . . . "Caddo parish and the State of Louisiana stand before civilization doubly disgraced, first, because of the brutal lynching and, second, because they have permitted the cowardly murderers to go unpunished." The same paper commenting an a speech by a Southern man says: "The white people o f the South are gradually reaching this wise and Christian attitude toward the Negro race, and they must press on until they attain the full measure of duty to the 9,000,000 people of African origin who inhabit the South. "We are beginning to see that neglect of the Southern Negroes is as injurious to the whites as it is to the blacks, that it is to our moral, material and economic interest to conserve their welfare and to aid them in every possible way to attain better standards of living. "But it is the debt of justice that strikes the high note of Christian duty. It is wicked to be unjust to anybody, but it is wickedness compounded to be unjust to the weak, the humble and the helpless. "There are no two standards of justice. There can never be but one standard that God, conscience and history will approve. These few sentences we quote from Dr. Riley's address were worthy the great and brilliant preacher that he is." The Mobile (Ala.) Register strikes the same note, quoting a third paper: "It is a timely appeal the Vicksburg Herald makes to the while men of Mississippi, and, incidentally, to the white men of the South, to take a broad view of the so-called Negro question, recognizing that where two races must continue to live side by side, sound reason dictates that the true modus vivendi be found and followed. " 'In Mississippi, and the whole South practically, the Negro millions have been, and rightly, eliminated from politics—wisely for him and the whites, the door of public affairs has been closed on the descendants of the slaves. The Herald's regret is that the same law of 128 THE the color line does not prevail over the whole nation. But when this is said, when all the evil that was forced on the whites in the name of race equality has been undone, is not the South's case in equity won and closed ? In view of the successful modus vivendi set up by the constitutional convention of 1890, its subsequent affirmance by the United States Supreme Court, with the virtual acquiescence of the Republican Party, should not right and just thought be enlisted in giving to the Negro millions over whom white laws and white officials rule, a square and kindly deal? Is this not self-interest as well as duty; moral and political? Is not the contentment of the Negro with his lot in the South's social and industrial life, his friendly regard for the superior race, a proper thing for a self-respecting and a Christian people to cultivate?' " Three extraordinarily pig-headed, but equally striking quotations follow : "The day is coming in the South when every community will have an industrial or training school for Negroes. Untold energy now lying dormant can then be utilized, energy that is now being wasted. Trained, capable servants are a great blessing to a country, while, on the other hand, untrained and incapable servants are a burden upon the people. "But whose fault is it that the Negroes are not being so trained ? Not theirs, surely. Every county in the South should establish a school in which the Negroes would be taught how to scientifically cook, sew, care for children, plant and harvest a crop, or to follow the many other vocations of, the Negro. When this is done, the Negro people will be much happier, much more contented, and a much better people mentally, morally and physically than if they spent their school years trying to find out why Napoleon was defeated or why Brutus came to bury Caesar and not to praise him. "Now and then through life we have seen a cat that would cross a body of water by swimming; but rarely have we ever seen a Negro whose head was filled with Latin and Greek that didn't look like a bull frog that had swallowed a frying-size chicken. CRISIS "It is truly the duty of the southern people to establish these training schools, unless they want to try the experiment of making preachers and professors out of every member of the Negro race. No one has ever yet found that bag of gold at the end of the rainbow, and it is time that the human race evolved out of that stage of the experimental."—Quitman (Ga.) Advertiser. "In making an unfavorable report on the bill which seeks to prohibit Negroes from practising law in the courts of Florida, which passed the house by a large vote, senate judiciary committee B acted wisely and fairly. It is probable that a majority of the senators hold the same attitude and will kill the bill. "There is no valid reason why an honest Negro should not be allowed to practise law or any other profession in Florida, and there is every reason why he should be encouraged to develop his talents along professional and other lines. In case a Negro lawyer acts dishonestly with his clients, he is invariably disbarred on short notice. It is cause for regret that, for the benefit and honor of the profession, white lawyers of the 'shyster' class—and there are many of them—are not dealt with as summarily." —Tampa (Fla.) Times. "Although in some quarters, and in other sections of the country, there is a disposition manifested to glaze it over and make out as if it were non-existent, the fact is that racial difference and racial feeling, tracing their origin from a remote ancestry, are among the most powerful feeling's and motives that actuate mankind to-day. The men of the South frankly recognize this fact, and they have relegated the Negro to a sphere where they are willing to help him to work out his own salvation, but at the same time they have erected and set a line and a mark across which the Negro shall not cross save at his peril. They believe that their attitude is correct and it is right, and certainly the southern people have happily shown no sign of abandoning or of weakening one jot or tittle their hereditary and their traditional policy that they received from their chivalric forbears—those cavaliers of the antebellum days."—El Paso (Tex.) Morning Times. LEE PAYNE TURNER EDITORIAL THRE E SENIOR BISHOPS THE power of the arch-episcopate in the African M . E. Church depends almost entirely on the personality of the Senior Bishop. Legally the bishop longest in service simply has the power of presiding at the bishops' council, which is the highest permanent tribunal in a church of 600,000 members. In fact, however, length of service and the power of presiding added to a character like that of the late Daniel A. Payne gives to the senior bishop large and controlling influence in church circles. It is not too much to say that Bishop Payne became in his late years a real archbishop of the church. None of his successors have wielded so great power. The late Henry McNeil Turner who recently died at the ripe age of eighty-two was a man of tremendous force and indomitable courage. As army CRISIS GRADUATES OF LEADING COLLEGES 1. H. S. KEELAN 2. D. E. RIVERS 3. C. H. HOUSTON 4. J. W. E. BOWEN, JR. 5. W. R. R. GRANGER, JR. 6. WILLIS N. HUGGINS EDITORIAL 131 GRADUATES OF LEADING COLLEGES 1. MISS M. S. BECK 2. E. A. BROWN 3. G. A. JOHNSON A. F. M. SUMMERS 5. MISS G. HODGES 6. E. M. A. CHANDLER THE CRISIS chaplain, pastor and bishop he was always a man of strength. He lacked, however, the education and the stern moral balance of Bishop Payne. In a sense Turner was the last of his clan: mighty men. physically and mentally, men who started at the bottom and hammered their way to the top by sheer brute strength: they were the spiritual progeny of ancient African chieftains and they built the African church in America. Daniel A . Payne on the other hand represented the spiritual purity and high ideals of this church and by his own wish his successor and rightful heir is the present Senior Bishop. Benjamin F. Lee. Benjamin Lee was born in the celebrated Gouldtown Settlement of New Jersey in 1841 and was President of Wilberforce University and editor of the Christian Recorder before he was raised to the bishopric twenty-three years ago. It is to be hoped that under Bishop Lee we may see the power of the archbishop of African Methodists raised and expanded. EDUCATION The Persistent Onslaught THE quiet insidious persistent attempt to keep the mass of the Negroes in America in just sufficient ignorance to render them incapable of realizing their power or resisting the position of inferiority into which the bulk of the nation is determined to thrust them was never stronger than to-day. Let us not be deceived. It is true that our illiteracy has decreased enormouslv and is decreasing and that the number of our children reported to be in school is larger than ever before. At the same time our illiteracy has not decreased as quickly as it might have and it is doubt ful if the proportion of our population in school is as large to-day as it was ten or twenty years ago. As a race we are still kept in ignorance far below the average standard of this nation and of the present age. and the ideals set before our children in most cases are far below their possibilities and reasonable promise. This is true not by accident but by design, and by the design not so much of the laboring white masses of the nation but rather by the design of rich and intelligent people, and particularly by those who masquerade as the Negroes' '"friends." Their attack on real education for Xegroes is in reality one with their attack on education for working men in general and this is part of the great modern attack upon democracy. Of course, this movement masquerades as industrial and vocational training in an age which is preeminently industrial and busy. It is thus difficult for the average colored man to dangers its persistent and tremendous "dangers to our ultimate survival as a race and as American citizens. The Basic Injustice No one denies that beneath the basic demand for in dustrial and vocational training lies truth and fundamental truth, but that on this truth is being built to-day a superstructure of falsehood and injustice also too clear to the thinker. It is the duty of all men to work and this work usually renders a service to the community for which the community is willing to pay with service; and material; in return. Sometimes, to be sure, the community doe; not recognize the value of valuable work; ;ometimes it pays ridiculous pittances for work of the very highest value and EDITORIAL unfitted thereby from continuing his education at any recognized modern in-on the other hand it again and again pays extortionate returns for services that are negligible or even absolute disservice. Nevertheless the average man must be trained for work which the average community will reward with a living wage. In these days of intricate technique such training cannot be acquired by chance or as a side issue or as an after thought. It must form an integral part of every person's education. "Therefore," says the principal of the school with the largest Negro attendance in Harlem, "I am going to train these Negroes as cooks and garden1 ers." m The Basic fallacy BUT wait; is work the object of life or is life the object of work? Are men to earn a living or simply to live for the sake of working? Is there any justice in making a particular body of men the drudges of society, destined for the worst work under the worst conditions and at the lowest pay, simply because a majority of their fellow men for more or less indefinite and superficial reasons do not like them? Manifestly life, and abundant life, is the object of industry and we teach men to earn a living in order that their industry may administer to their own lives and the lives of their fellows. If, therefore, any human being has large ability it is not only for his advantage but for the advantage of all society that he be put to the work that he can do best. To assume that ability is to be measured by so-called racial characteristics—by color, by hair or by stature is not only ridiculous but dangerous. To-day we can afford to look carefully day are for men and not men for machines, while on the other hand because of the mechanical and industrial age through which we have passed there is grave lack' of deep intelligence and character. While then we teach men to earn a living, that teaching is incidental and subordinate to the larger training of intelligence in human beings and to the largest development of self-realization in men. Those who would deny this to the Negro race are enemies of mankind. Si The Result H E result of limiting the education of Negroes under the mask of fitting them for work is the slow strangulation of the Negro college. Howard to-day is dependent upon the precarious support of the majority in Congress ; Fisk has an endowment which looks ridiculous beside that of Hampton and Tuskegee. Atlanta has almost no endowment. None of the five major Negro colleges have today any solid financial prospect for growth and development. Not only that but they are regularly sneered at by men who dare not raise their arguments above a sneer. We hear again and again repeated the usual lie that these colleges are persisting in the curriculum of fifty years ago. As a matter of fact practically all of these colleges arc conforming to the standard of education as laid-down by the highest authorities in this country. What they are really asked to do is to adopt a course of study which does not conform to modern standards, which no modern system of education will recognize and which condemns the student who takes it to end his education in a blind alley. It is the unforgivable sin of some of the greatest so-called industrial schools that the boy who is induced to take their course is absolutely THE CRISIS NORTHERN COLLEGE GRADUATES 1. MISS WOODSON, CINCINNATI 2. WHITEHEAD, WESTERN RESERVE 3, MISS WILLIAMS, CINCINNATI 4. CARSON, OHIO STATE 5. TYLER, OHIO STATE 6. WRIGHT, HARVARD 7. HUNTER, ANTIOCH S. STEWARD, ARMOUR 9. JEFFRESS, TUFTS 10. BURCH, OHIO 11. STRADFORD, COLUMBIA 12. HAYES, BROWN EDITORIAL NORTHERN COLLEGE GRADUATES 1. ADAMS, DARTMOUTH 2. MISS MILLER, KANSAS 3. McGRUDER, DARTMOUTH 4. MISS McDANIEL, KANSAS 5. BROWN, SYRACUSE 6. MISS CARTER, KAN. STATIC AO. 7. MISS GILLESPIE, ALLEGHANY 8. ROSS, NEBRASKA 9. MISS CHRISTBURGH. KNOX 10. FREEMAN, WILLIAMS 11. MISS GREENE, WESTERN RESERVE 12. DONALDSON, HILLSDALE TH E CRISIS unfitted thereby from continuing his education at a recognized modern institution. This is a crime against childhood for which any nation ought to be ashamed. Who are the men who are planning the new Negro curriculum ? Are they educational experts learned in the theory and practise of training youth? No, most of them never taught a child or held any responsible place in a school system or gave the subject any serious study. Are they friends of the Negro desiring his best interests and development? No, they are friends of the white South and stand openly committed to any demand of the white South. The latest attack on Negro education comes from Philadelphia. Very adroitly and cunningly the Negroes have been massed in segregated schools. Now "industrial training" is to be introduce! the Negro schools and a representative of a leading southern industrial school is on hand to advise! Do Negroes oppose this because they are ashamed of having their children trained to work? Certainly not. But they know that if their children are compelled to cook and sew when they ought to be learning to read, write and cipher, they will not be able to enter the high school or go to college as the white children are doing. It is a deliberate despicable attempt to throttle the Negro child before he knows enough to protest. m The Excuse EVEN in industrial training the white authorities are persistently dishonest. They will not train our children in good paying-trades and respectable vocations. They want them to be servants and menials. The excuse which is continually brought forward, particularly in the North, is that there is "no opening" for them in the higher ranges of the industrial world ! For this reason opportunities even for the best industrial training are persistently denied colored students. Trade schools in many of the large cities have the habit of forcing colored students who apply into the courses for domestic service or sewing on the plea that millinery, carpentry and various lines of mechanical work offer no opportunity for colored folk. Surely this reduces the argument for industrial training to rank absurdity and the cause of real, honest industrial training deserves more sensible treatment than this. Our Attitude N all these arguments and actions there blazes one great and shining light: the persistent army of Negro boys and girls pushing through high school and college continues to increase. Negro mothers and fathers are not beinentirely deceived. They know that intelligence and self-development are the only .means by which the Negro is to win his way in the modern world. They persist in pushing their children on through the highest courses. May they always continue to do so ; and may the bright, fine faces on these pages be inspiration to thousands of other boys and girls in the coming years to resist the contemptible temptation so persistently laid before this race to train its children simply as menials and scavengers. SPRING BY MRS. C. W. C LIFFORD Spring, thou wilful, changeful maid, Venturesome, yet half afraid King Winter to defy ! Come, with all thy airs and graces, Perfumes sweet and flower-laces; When thy beauty rare he faces, He of love will die. ATLANT A UNIVERSITY OUR FUTURE LEADERS AS nearly as we can calculate from imperfect records there were 281 colored men and women who received the Bachelor's degree in arts and science this spring as compared with 250 reported at this time last year. Beginning with the larger universities we note four graduated from Harvard: Harry S. Keeland was graduated from college with a record of excellent work in Chemistry ; W . T. Cunningham graduated in Business Administration; and L. T. Wright became a Doctor of Medicine after a successful course; F. D. Brown received his degree in Dentistry in March. J. W. F. Bowen, Jr., A. B., Wesley-an, and A. M., Harvard, has just been appointed Fellow of the American University at Washington, D. C . with a stipend of $400 a year. He will continue his work in History and Economics at the Harvard graduate school for the degree of Ph. D. There were in all last year nineteen colored students in Yale, three in the Scientific School, three in College, one in Law, two in Music, two in the Business College and eight in the School of Religion. Of these seven were graduated. Francis E. Rivers was the only graduate from Yale College. He was an excellent student,—among the first thirty in his class—and may make the Phi Beta Kappa. He was prepared at the M St. High School, Washington, D. C. The other men were graduates of the School of Religion as follows: N. B. Allen. A. B., Wilberforce; A. W. Ward, A. B., University of Denver ; E. B. Smith, B. D., Howard University ; B. Elliot, A. B., Virginia Union University ; D. G. Monroe, S. T. B., Lincoln University ; J. W. Anderson, A. B., Wilberforce. From Columbia University: W. N. Muggins received the Master's degree; C. S. Stradford graduated in Law with the Master's degree ; and L . S. Tines in Divinity with the Master's degree. The University of Chicago sent out two graduates: Miss Geraldyne Hodges as Bachelor in Philosophy and Julian H. Lewis as Doctor of Philosophy in Pathology and Physiology. Lewis was a member of the Sigma X i and won the Rickett's prize for research. The University of Illinois had three graduates: H . H . Harris, Bachelor of Science in Agriculture; E. A. Brown, Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering; and Miss M . S. Beck, Bachelor in Arts. St. Elmo Brady, a student in the graduate school, has been elected to the Sigma Xi. Four colored men graduated from Ohio State University: W. W. Tyler in Pharmacy; E. L. Carson, M. L. Weaver and R. M . Winkfield in Veterinary Medicine. There was one college graduate from the University of Michigan, H . A. Phelps. From the professional schools, M . Patterson and A . B. Persley gradu TH E CRISIS HONOR GRADUATES, LEADING COLORED COLLEGES 1. MISS COLSOM, "SUMMA CUM LAUDE," FISK 2. PETERS, "HIGHEST HONORS," ATLANTA 3. MISS PORTER, "CUM LAUDE," HOWARD 4. HOLMES, VALEDICTORY, LINCOLN 5. MISS SANDERS, "MAGNA CUM LAUDE," WILBERFORCE 6. FOWLER, KNOXVILLE 7. ADKINS, VA. UNION 8. CALLAHAN, BENEDICT 9. McDOWELL, TALLADEGA 10. BREWER, BIDDLE 11. MISS CHARLTON, SHAW 12. HAYNES, MOREHOUSE OUR FUTURE LEADERS HONOR GRADUATES. COLORED INSTITUTIONS 1. COLLINS, STRAIGHT 2. MISS YANCY , HARTSHORN 3. MISS HUNT, WILEY 4. BELCHER, TUSKEGEE 5. NEAL, PHILANDER SMITH 6. TOLIVER, HOWARD TEACHER'S 7. MISS CHANDLER, MINN. SO. HIGH 8. ADAMS, GREENSBORO 9. ROGERS. OA. STATE 10. MISS JONES, C N. &amp; I., WILBERFORCE 11. MISS SOLOMON, MORRIS BROWN 12. CLARKE, CENTRAL TEX. 13. MISS DE MOSS, G. R. SMITH 14. MISS BURWELL, SELMA 15. JOHNS TON, VA. SEMINARY 16. MISS MORRISSEY, ST. AUGUSTINE'S 140 TH E CRISIS NORTHER N COLLEG E GRADUATE S 1. JACKSON , PITTSBURG H 2. MIS S REID , SIMMON S 3. JEFFERSON , PITTSBURG H 4. MORRIS , CREIGHTO N S. WEAVER , OHI O STAT E 6. CROGMA.N , TEMPL E ated in Medicine; J. P. Rodgers in Law and S. P. Sparks in Dentistry. At Indiana University two college graduates: G. A. Johnson and F. M. Summers, who made "very creditable records." From Cornell University L. H. Russell received the Master's degree ; M . F. Staley became a Bachelor of Science and J. H . Moore graduated in Veterinary Medicine. At Western Reserve University A . G. Whitehead graduated in Dentistry; C. W. Green in Pharmacy; and G. PI. White, Jr., in Law. Charles H . Houston, who graduated from Amherst was elected to the Pi Beta Kappa and also selected as one of the fifteen students of high standing from whom the Bond orators are chosen. Brown University sends out G. E. C. Hayes; and Williams College graduates I. W . Freeman. The latter took the book prize for classics and won a scholarship. From Dartmouth College W. R. R. Granger graduated; he was an athlete of unusual ability, maintained good standing in college work and "carried himself with a great deal of self respect." G. W. Adams, C. M. Wilder and W. F. McGruder also graduated. The University of Cincinnati sends out three Bachelors: N. E. Woodson, R. Belsinger and Miss S. M . Williams. The Case School graduated E. A. Davis; Antioch College graduated H . Hunter, "one of our best students." Alleghany College graduated Miss M . Gillespie, a girl of "fine promise" with a "creditable record." Syracuse University graduated W. J. Baker. The dean of Colgate writes: " A very fine student indeed, Newton Lloyd Gilbert by name, was with us for three years and would have been graduated with honor if he had lived." From Pratt Institute, Miss E. L. Hudson finished in domestic and art. She is an A. B. from Morehouse College. OUR FUTURE LEADERS DR. W. A. S. BROWN Northwestern University graduates one B. A., J. N . Goddard: and two law yers, J. C. Judkins and R. H . Gillum : and two dentists, S L. Auter and A. W. Brooks. Two colored men graduate from Drew Theological Seminary: H . A . Brooks, A. B., Howard ; C. F. Flipper, A. B., Shaw. Mr. Brooks becomes assistant pastor at Sharp St. Memorial, Baltimore. Miss Maude Wanzer graduated from the Musical Conservatory of McAlester College, St. Paul, Minn, at the age of nineteen. From the University of Pittsburgh came two graduates in Pharmacy, J. A. Jackson and S. W. Jefferson. From Ohio University, C. H. Burch graduates in Electrical Engineering. He had a "very good record in scholarship." From Oberlin College Miss A. E. Burwell and M . B. Gray graduated in Arts; and II. C. Collins and C. W. Kelly graduated in Divinity. From other Northern colleges there were	 graduates as follows : New York University, F. A. Manson, A . B. ; Hillsdale College, U . S. Donald- v.	 --&gt;* J DR. ISABELLA VANDEVALL son, A. B., "with highly creditable standing," and first prize in debating. Tufts College, J. A. Jeffress, A. B. Simmons College, the Misses F. M. Reid and L. Brown both Bachelors in Science. Knox College, Miss D. H. Christburgh, B. A. Armour Institute, W. H. Steward, Mechanical Engineer. Temple University, C. A. Webster, W. H. Montague, F. M. Slaughter, G. T. Walker in medicine, W. L. Brandon and P. A . Diggs in Pharmacy, L. C. Crogman and 1. A. Thompson in dentistry. The last two were "above the average in scholarship." The University of Nebraska graduated C. Ross in Law. He was for three years guard on the 'varsity football team and three years weight man and high jumper on the 'varsity track team. When Kansas University drew the color line on Ross, Nebraska forced them to yield by threatening to break athletic relations. The University of Southern California graduated II. S. Prince, "a very good student." Kansas Stale Agricultural College, Miss C. D. Carter; Creighton University, Craig Morris in Dentistry, who TH E CRISIS ".stood at the head of his class." Miss F. F. Kealing whose picture was on the Easter cover of the CRISIS is one of the three graduates of the University of Kansas in Arts. The other two are the Misses H. D. McDaniel and T. A. Sums. Miss E. L. Miller received the degree of B. M. Two cases deserve special mention: Dr. Isabella Vandervall graduated at the head of her class at the New York Medical College. She was the youngest student and the only colored one in a class of ten and maintained an average of 97.8% during her course. She has been appointed interne at the Hospital for Women and Children at Syracuse, New York. W. A. S. Brown of Kingston, Jamaica. graduated in medicine at McGill University, Montreal. He received the Holmes gold medal for highest standing in the five year course. He had previously won the Sutherland gold medal at the end of his third year. From colored institutions there have been graduated 243 Bachelors in Arts and Science as follows: Howard. 70 Georgia State. 4 Lincoln, 32 Knoxville, 4 Biddle. 26 Sam Houston. 3 Benedict. 13 Bishop, 3 Talladega, 12 Florida A. and M„ 3 Atlanta. 9 G. R. Smith, 2 Wilberforce, 8 Shaw. 2 Philander Smith, 7 Morgan. 2 Virginia Union. 6 Straight. 2 New Orleans, 6 Central Texas. 2 Wiley, 6 Morris Brown, 2 Morehouse, 5 Virginia Seminary, 2 Bennet, 5 Greensboro, 2 Spellman. 4 Arkansas Baptist, 1 Fro m colored professional schools there have been 247 graduates: Howard: Dentistry, 32 Medicine, 20 Pharmacy, 8 Dentistry', 24 Nurse Training, 5 Pharmacy, 13 Morris Brown: Law, 21 Theology, 2 Theology, 10 Wilberforce: Lincoln: Theology. 8 Theology, 16 Morehouse: Virginia Seminary : Theology, 5 Theology, 9 Virginia Union : Meharry: Theology, 4 Medicine, 70 This makes a total record of 570 col lege and professional graduates for 1915. Omissions will easily raise this to 650. HAMPTON INSTITUTE THE COLORED HIGH SCHOOL No exhaustive study of the colored High School departments which form pupils in high schools can be made usually the main part of their work. As in this sketch, but there are a few facts nearly as we can learn there were 1.764 of such interest that we present them. High School and Higher Normal gradu Nearlv all the colored colleges have ates of these institutions : TH E COLORED Emerson. Ala.. 163 Tillotson. Tex., 17 Tuskegee. Ala. 126 Morgan, Md.. 17 Virginia N. &amp; I., 76 Quindaro, Kan., 17 State Normal, N. C Bishop, Tex., 16 76 Morehouse, Ga., 16 New Orleans Univ , Florida Baptist, 16 68 Spellman. Ga., 16 Orangeburg State, S. St. Augustine, N. C , C. 67 16 Atlanta, Ga.. 62 Utica, Miss., 15 Hampton. Va., 59 Georgia Slate. 14 Benedict S. C , 55 Fort Valley, Ga., 13 Howard D. C , 54 Edward Waters, Fla., Fisk, Tenn.. 53 13 Florida N. &amp; I.. 50 Christiansburg, Va., Wiley, Tex., 49 12 W. Virginia Collegi Miss. Industrial, 11 ate, 41 Morris Brown, Ga., Straight. La.. 38 11 C. N. &amp; I. Wilber-Bennet, N. G , 11 force, O., 37 Brick, N. C , 10 Avery, S. C. 34 Roanoke. X. C, 10 Virginia Seminary, Hartshorn, Va., 10 33 Wilberforce, O., 10 Talladega. Ala.. 31 Jackson. Miss.. 9 Alcorn, Miss.. 25 Knox, Ga., 9 Biddle. X. C. 25 Greensboro' A. &amp; T. Ballard, Ga., 25 N. C . 8 Philander Smith, Shaw, N. C , 8 Ark.. 25 National Religious, Le Moyne, Tenn., 25 N. C . 8 Storer, W. Va.. 24 Voorhees, S. C, 6 Arkansas Baptist, 23 Shorter, Ark.. 6 Virginia Union. 21 Okolona. Miss., 6 Howe Inst., Tenn., 19 Central Tex.. 5 Knoxville., Tenn., 18 G. R. Smith, Mo., 4 Henderson, N. C, 18 Houston. Tot., 4 There arc 156 colored public High Schools. Some of the largest of these graduated students as follows : M Street, WashingLincoln, Kansas Citv, ton, 117 Mo., 31 Baltimore. 75 Central, Louisville, Kansas City, Kan., 56 27 Armstrong, D. C, 55 Wilmington, Del, 20 Miner Xormal. D. C , Colored Normal, 46 Louisville. 18 Sumner, St. Louis, Baltimore Xormal, 18 31 Garnet, Charleston, W. Va.. 16 In the North where colored pupils attend mixed high schools there have arisen in the past many difficult problems. Often the colored pupils arc not encouraged. In other cases they enter poorly prepared and they feel the handicap of poverty and prejudice. This for a long time made the number of colored high school pupils very small. Gradually, however, this is being improved. In Indianapolis for instance, out of a HIGH SCHOOL 143 total school enrollment o f 3,70 0 among colored people there were this year 36 colored graduates from the two City High Schools, about seven o f whom completed the lour years course in three years. Of one of these students the Indiana Daily Times says in an editorial: "Miss Merle Stokes, a colored girl, not yet 15, ranks fourth on the roll of honor of Shortridge high school, completing a four-year high school course in three years, with an average of 94.28 per cent. Miss Stokes offers something hopeful to her people. Here is a record of progress based on sheer hard work and self-reliance. It means racial advancement. It means betterment, it gives promise for the future and it offers cheer to all citizens who have at heart the well-being of the state and the wise adjustment of civic problems." In Cincinnati there are 14 colored high school graduates of whom three were graduated without examination on account of high scholarship: Miss Mary Holloway, Robert Rankin and Tourgee Tull. There have been many cases of individual excellence, for instance: W. G. Jefferson stood second in a class of forty-seven at the Steelton, Penn. High School and was salutatorian. He excelled in mathematics. From Minneapolis, Minn., South High School, Miss Malvenia Chandler was graduated among the first three of a class of 127. In Brookline, Mass., Archie Ridley, a grandson of the late Judge Ruffin, won the Murray Kay prize for oratory and was one of the team who won the interclass debating championship. No attempt has been made to collect data of the colored graduates of the high schools in Boston, New York, Philadelphia, Chicago and other large cities although there is a considerable number of such graduates. In the above record 2,126 colored high school graduates are noted. A complete record would bring this to the 3,00 0 mark. THE CRISIS HIGH SCHOOL HONOR GRADUATES 1. RANKIN, CINCINNATI 2. MISS STOKES. INDIANAPOLIS 3. MISS INBORDEN, BRICK •1. JEFFERSON, STEELTON 5. MISS CASH, CHARLESTON, W. VA. MISS MATTHEWS, LOUISVILLE 7. MISS SHEPARD, DURHAM S. MISS MAXWELL. BALTIMORE MR. B. T. WASHINGTON IN LOUISIANA H M By V. P. THOMAS of New Orleans §§§ gg The Facts Probably you have heard something of the tour Dr. Booker T. Washington made in Louisiana. It was a round of grand receptions for him everywhere he went. Thousands saw and heard him speak in Burn's Arena. Thousands saw and heard him speak in the Dauphine Theatre, and as big a crowd as 5.000 saw and heard him speak at Violet, a settlement in St. Bernard Parish, 18 miles from this city. At New Iberia thousands saw and heard him there, as did thousands at Baton Rouge. Lafayette, Crowlev. Lake Charles, Alexandria, Shreveport and Gibbsland. and all applauded his addresses on industrial and agricultural training for the Negro, and their accompanying anecdotes. An account of his first speech will illustrate the general tenor of his remarks in the various places. This speech was made at Violet. The party was met bv a crowd estimated to number about 5,000 people, including colored school children of all the colored schools of the parish, which were closed by order of the parish superintendent for the occasion. In the gathering was the superintendent of MR. B. T. WASHINGTON IN LOUISIANA schools himself and other officials of the parish, as well as other white citizens. To this meeting Dr. Washington made the first address of his tour, He expressed gratification at the evidences of the friendly relations existing between the two races living side by side in the parish of St. Bernard, He said he had long wished to see for himself the actual attitude of the white people and the Negro people toward each other in Louisiana, and that what he had seen on his way from New Orleans to Violet of the wealth of opportunities fully pursuaded him that the Negro people needed only to be thrifty, industrious and law-abiding in their habits to help the white people make that section one of the most prosperous and happy in the country, He commented on the apparent fertility and productive quality of the land and urged the Negroes to stick to the farms and farm life and away from the bigger cities. Dr. Washington thanked the white officials for what was being done for the industrial education of the colored chil dren of the parish and admonished the colored people to take advantage of the opportunities given them to benefit by it. He told them that there was nobody that can get what he wants out of white people easier than a Negro, and that it is seldom, indeed, that a Negro goes after something he wants to get from white people that he fails to get it. He said the white man or woman may swear or fuss at the Negro for bothering them, but the Negro usually gets what he wants just the same. The inimitable way in which Dr. Washington told this part of his knowl edge of the traits of the Negro and the white man tickled the risibles of every body who heard him; laughter was gen eral. Other amusing anecdotes, the butt of which was Negro character were frequently told to illustrate or empha size an idea by Dr. Washington during the delivery of his advice and admoni tion. Dr. Washington confined his advice wholly to the idea of industrial and do mestic training for the Negro, on the theory that an education that is not use ful is useless to any boy or girl of the race and that the Negro is adapted espe cially to agricultural and domestic service, He did not once, in the slightest way, suggest the need o f preparation of Negroes lor the business of banking, the profession of law. medicine, pharmacy, leaching or the ministry. And the characters he held up as deserving the confidence and admiration of the while people were always such as Uncle Tom, Aunt Chloe, old Aunt Mary, or old Uncle |oe. Men o f the Negro race like Frederick Douglas, Crispus Attacks, Langston, Revels and others, whose worth and characters first opened the eyes of conscience and the world upon the possibilities of the Negro were never mentioned. Nor did he think to choose any of the number of living men and women of the race to set up as examples before the school children he addressed to emulate. He said, "The Negro is just 50 years old, and his history in this country is yet to be made." This speech, with local variations, was made throughout the State of Louisiana to thousands of white and colored people. Comment There is no doubt that agricultural and industrial training is one of the needs of the Negro, just as it is one of the needs of every race ; but to hold up this one training as practically all the training the Negro in this nation needs is to close the door of initiative to the Negro and put him in the class of the domestic animal that is broken or trained to perform one useful service alone. The theory that an education that is not useful is useless is true ; but to assume that the only education that is useful to the Negro is agricultural and industrial is to deny that the Negro is a human being. The advocates ot the industrial and agricultural system of education for Negroes use the arguments that buying and owning homes, growing crops, saving the earnings, living in the open air of country life, modesty of dress and pretentions, cleanliness of person and home and its surroundings and neighborly disposition, (things which this system of training, like other educational systems include in their teaching), 146 THE insure respectability, health and standing to individuals in every community. This is true; but there is not a scintilla of evidence to show that the increase in these ventures and in property owning by Negroes is due solely or even mainly to the influence of industrial and agricultural education. As a matter of fact while general industrial training of colored children is hardly begun, the home-loving Negro has been breeding in the race for more than a century, beginning by buying himself, his mother, his father, his wife, and his children, and property on which to live even in slavery times, and since freedom buying not only homes, but every comfort that his earnings could command. While preaching to Negroes to stay in the country, to buy and occupy homes there, it is a notorious fact that Air. Washington and others rarely, if ever, point out in their addresses the real reasons why Negroes find it very difficult to live in the country on account of the trying and troublesome conditions for thrifty Negroes out there. They never appeal to the white people of the country in their speeches to afford the Negroes the same protection of the laws against malice, abuse, unjust treatment, overbearing conduct, false accusation, summary punishment, lynching, confiscation or usurpation of property, expulsion from the community for trivial offenses that the white man enjoys. Mr . Washington forgot to tell his white audience that thirteen Negroes were lynched, in Louisiana last year alone and not a single person punished for these mob murders. Taking advantage of the complacency with which colored people (long in the habit of taking abuse) received denunciation, the advocates of industrial training for Negroes do most of their preaching on the shortcomings of the black people. Every shortcoming of the Negro, whether real or imaginary, is described with great emphasis and every good quality is treated with silence. The Negro that is lazy and good for nothing, is described with minuteness and with indignation. Right by the side of this worthless Negro may be four decent Negroes about whom these industrial CRISIS preachers never say a word, never de scribe with the same minuteness or with any applause in their public addresses. Abuse and denouncing of Negroes for political purposes and to help men into office got fresh impetus after dis franchisement had followed Reconstruc tion. It became the most popular thing in the South for helping white men to office. Practically all Negroes in the South were driven out of the electorate and politics, as a result of this whole sale denunciation of the race. Practi cally nobody was brave enough to de fend the race and the whole race passed for a lot of vicious, ignorant, barbarous people, fit only for menial service and the laborious work of the plantations. May we not well fear that, because of the demoralized state into which the race was unmercifully thrown by this denunciation, the beginning of the propaganda of industrial training for Negroes with all of its fault finding of the race was planned by Negroes who saw a chance to become popular with the white people of the South? The Louisville Courier-Journal says: "The workers for Negro welfare in this country are divided into those who believe that the Negro's destiny and salvation lie in manual labor and menial service, and those who claim that his potential capabilities are no more restricted than those of his white neighbor." Ask any intelligent well balanced Negro to which group of these two he belongs and he will declare himself forever on the side of the group who believes in the capabilities of the Negro. By so declaring himself on this question the Negro but proves that he is human, that he is a man like other men; that he believes that what thousands of the Negro race builders, dead and living, have done for race uplift and advancement can be done, is being done and will continue to be done by the Negro as long as a provident Ruier of all things spares the Negro to live upon the face of the earth. In a word, he but proves his faith in his race and refuses to do what no other race ever has done against itself—preach its own inferiority at the suggestion of its enemies. assn Advancement of People for Colored National the MEMBERS During the month of May 465 new members were added to the Association, making a total enrollment of over 7,500. Of the many contributions which have recently come to the Association none is more eloquent of the spirit which animates the organization than a contribution from the colored sailors of the U. S. Steamship "Nebraska:" U. S. S. NEBRASKA, SOUTHERN DRILL GROUNDS, April 25, 1915. GENTLEMEN: Enclosed you will find fourteen dollars which we the members of The Nebraska Social Club contribute to the N. A. A. C. P. to be used as_you see fit. We are interested in the work of the N. A. A. C. P. and trust this mite will be a help to the cause. We represent the full number of the Negroes attached to this ship. With best wishes for success in your work, Respectfully, TH E NEBRASKA SOCIAL CLUB. BRANCHES Ten new branches in the Middle West have been chartered by the N . A . A . C. P.: In Illinois, Cairo, Carbondale, Evansville, Jacksonville and Peoria ; and Champaign and Urbana, forming the Twin City Branch ; Columbus and Dayton, Ohio; and Terre Haute and Vincennes, Indiana. Our branches continue to work to suppress the photoplay based on Dixon's "Clansman." From a reliable source we hear that protests against Sheldon's play "The Nigger," made by our Ohio branches, Mr. Harry C. Smith of the Cleveland Gazette, and the Ministers' Alliances, not only prevented the production of the play but discouraged the owners of the "Clansman" film from continuing their preparations to produce the latter in Ohio. Boston was victorious in its effort in the Legislature which finally passed the bill creating a Board of Censorship consisting of the Mayor, the Chief of Police and the Chief Magistrate. A bitter fight was made over an amendment which the Branch and other friends finally succeeded in adding to the bill and which provided that a majority rather than a unanimous vote of the Board was necessary for a decision. The moving picture interests made desperate efforts to kill this amendment. Immediately upon.its appointment the new Board was petitioned for a public hearing against further production of the play in Boston. The Board decided that the license of the theatre should not be revoked or suspended but gave no reason and declined to state whether all three of its members agreed or whether there was a dissent. The Board rendered its decision without having given any public hearing except to hear arguments relating to the scope of its power and the rules which should govern its determination in cases which might come before it under this new act. Tt is reported that the management is losing money on the production and that the attendance represents largely paper houses. That the Abolition spirit, however, is not rlead in New England is indicated by the decision of the Mayor of Springfield who said he would license the play for that city only when the colored people had consented. It has been barred by the District Police in every city in Massachusetts for Sunday performance. In Wilmington, Del., City Councilman John O. Hopkins, the only Negro member of that body, introduced an ordinance to prohibit the exhibition of any THE CRISIS moving pictures likely to cause ill feeling between the white and colored races. Mr. Hopkins explained that in drawing up the ordinance he had in mind two photoplays which had been prohibited in some other cities and said that his ordinance had been inspired by the Wil mington Branch of the N. A. A. C. P. The ordinance has been given its final reading and referred to the Mayor for approval. It makes the Board of Police Commissioners the censors of questionable shows and gives them authority to stop them. It provides a fine of fifty dollars for every offense. The Northern California Branch exhausted every means to suppress the picture in Oakland but was unsuccessful. In their effort they had the assistance of Mr. Sledge and Mr. Clarence Darrow, attorneys. Last month we published a telegram from our Chicago Branch just as we went to press giving the news of Mayor Thompson's refusal to license "The Birth of a Nation." The play had already been licensed by his predecessor. Commenting on this the N . Y . Evening Post said: "The promoters had made a barefaced plea that the spectacle has 'a note of optimism, brotherly love, and readjustment of racial conditions intended to soothe and brighten,' but this the press and the Mayor riddled. The play's exclusion must also assist in defeating a bill pending at Springfield to abolish the Chicago Board of Censorship, which has a reputation for great watchfulness and efficiency." Meantime we regret to learn the matter has been thrown into court bv an injunction against the mayor. St. Paul at its annual meeting voiced protests against motion pictures discriminating against colored people, special mention being made of Sheldon's "Nigger" and "The Birth of a Nation." The meeting was held in the Plymouth Congregational Church, the chief address being made by Governor W . S. Hammond. m MEETINGS In addition to the protest meetings against "The Birth of a Nation" many other meetings have been held : the meet ing in connection with the National Conference of Charities and Correction at Baltimore where Miss Ovington, Professor Pickens and Professor Cook made addresses; meetings under the auspices of the District of Columbia, Philadelphia and East Orange Branches at which Professor Pickens spoke; a Memorial Day meeting in Harrisburg; a mass meeting in San Francisco arranged by the Northern California Branch with the Hon J. Kahn as speaker ; and a meeting to commemorate the birthday of John Brown held by the Toledo Branch. General Isaac Sherwood, a Democratic United States Congressman, in the course of his address at this meeting read an editorial written by himself fifty years ago in which he predicted that the name of John Brown martyred for the freedom of slaves would stand out in history long after the name of Governor Wise of Virginia, the man who executed Brown, was forgotten. General Sherwood at that time was editor of a paper at Bryan, Ohio, known as "The Williams County Leader." He stated that his was the only paper in the United States, except Abolition papers, that went into mourning over the death of John Brown. Mr. Albertus Brown presided at the meeting, explaining the purposes of the N. A. A_ C. P. and stating that the Toledo Branch now numbers over 135 members. Ad dresses were also made by Father O'Brien and by the Hon. Wilbur E.. King whose speech on "American Citizenship" was a splendid plea for equal rights. The President of the Decatur, Ill.,. Branch, the Rev. E. M . Antrim, said in a Memorial Day address: "Our work for the colored-man is still incomplete. He was emancipated fifty years ago, but still lacks much of that larger freedom and opportunity which are inseparable from American ideals and citizenship—what we must give him is a place in the sun—freedom of life and limb, freedom to toil and think, freedom to love and aspire. Many opportunities of labor and law are still denied him, and it remains for us who are fifty years away from the ideals and motives,. the feelings, and sympathies of long ago,. to see to it that, like every other citizen. N. A. A. C. P. of the .United. States, he gets a. square deal." Representatives of our Association have been heard before the following conferences: at the New England Baptist Missionary Convention held in the Mount Olivet Baptist Church, New York City, where Mr. Dodson spoke on the work of the Association before the Sunday School Department, Miss Ovington before the Women's Department, and Miss Caroline M . Dexter before the General Convention. Miss Dexter and Dr. Y . Morton Jones represented the Association at the New York Annual Conference of the A. M . E. Church held at the Bridge Street Church, Brooklyn, and Miss Ovington spoke before the New York Annual Conference of the A. M. E. Zion Church held at the First A. M . E. Zion Church, Brooklyn. SCHOLARSHIPS Recently the office of the N . A . A . C. P. was asked to make recommendations for scholarships which the Ethical Culture School offers annually to colored children. The names of the children recommended are included in the announcement of results given below: The following children were awarded scholarships in the Ethical Culture School for the year 1915-16. These scholarships were granted to those children who seemed to offer the greatest promise intellectually, or who had some unusual gift by which they would render service to the world. Victoria Rich, whose father is a nephew of Victoria Earle Matthews, was admitted to the Kindergarten; Walter Handy, who has stood at the head of his class in the public schools for some time received a scholarship in the Open Air School, VI Grade; Spencer McEvoy, of Brooklyn has been admitted to the V Grade and Langton Daniel, the son of the curate of St. Philip's P. E. Church, to the V I Grade, Open Ai r Department. It is also expected that Eugene Martin will gain a scholarship in the Y . Grade of the indoor department. Eugene is the son of Mr. and Mrs. Martin of the Martin-Smith Music School. In the graduating class of the Ethical Culture Art High School, Albert Smith, a colored boy, carried off the highest honors of that department, the Henry Ollesheimer scholarship, which is given to that student who ranks highest as a student and as an individual. This means uniformly high work in all his studies, academic as well as art. He will continue his work next year in the Academy of Design. OFFICERS, COLLEGE CHAPTER No. 1. N.A.A.C.P HOWARD UNIVERSITY And so ends the Education Number of God, Nineteen Hundred and Fifteen of T HE C RISIS dedicated to the aspiring and of the regained freedom of our youth of our ancient race, in the Year fathers, the fifty-second. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Is He Insured? "It is the general consensus of opinion that a man's duty to his family includes a reasonable provision for the future. To die with the wolf so near the door that he is certain to be found waiting at the portals when the funeral procession returns from the cemetery is about as serious a crime as a man can commit in this life. It makes no difference how carefully the man may protect his loved ones during his lifetime, if he leaves them without protection at his death he has failed in his duty woefully. Strangely enough it sometimes happens that the wife herself is partly to blame for the negligence of the husband. Of course, it should be the husband's business to attend to such matters without a reminder from anybody, but when we are in perfect health and the blood is pulsing vigorously through our veins, death is one of the possibilities to which we give little thought. Die? Why should we think about dying when we have so many useful and profitable years before us? Lots of men who really intend to insure their lives some day put it off until it is too late simply because they do not realize the immediate need of such a step and it is in such cases that the wife's duty is to interpose with a plea that this important matter shall be no longer postponed. Many women hesitate to do this. There are women who even feel that it is improper for them to "suggest the subject of insurance to the husband. They seem to feel that they are in danger of exciting suspicion that they desire to profit by their death—that they are imbued with a mercenary spirit that is thoroughly selfish and unwomanly. Nothing could be further from the truth, and the quicker the wives and the mothers get rid of this erroneous idea the better it will be for them and those dependent on them in such a time of emergency. Instead of deeming such ideas selfish and unwomanly, she should apply the ordinary rules of logic to the situation and abide by the results. If the husband and father should announce his intentions of going upon a long journey— say, to Africa or Australia, for example—she would not think of permitting him to leave her without making proper provision for her support during his absence. If he showed a disposition to do this highly improbable thing she would not hesitate to call him to account, and she would feel that she was justified in going to any extreme to compel him to make such arrangements that neither she nor the children might suffer for the necessities of life while he was traveling to the other end of the earth. If you—my dear fellow who reads this—go away for a week, is it not your first thought to leave sufficient money at home to meet the little expenses that are certain to arise even within so brief a space of time as a few days? Would you think of taking even the shortest trip-without leaving a few dollars that the wife might use in case of emergency? Yet; any day—any hour—-you may be called upon to take the longest journey of your life—the journey from which you will never return—that journey to the land from which you send no remittances! If your common sense tells you that the little woman at home may need some money when you make these short trips, what do you think will happen to her if you go out into the great unknown with no other provision for her than an oft-repeated intention to insure your life? Little good will your intentions do her when the landlord comes to inquire about the rent. As a matter of fact, no woman has the right to let her husband neglect this important duty. If he does not seem to realize his great responsibility it is her place to tell him about it and keep on telling him day by day until he brings home the policy as evidence that her efforts have borne good fruit. An insurance policy on the husband's life is one of the rights of which no woman should allow herself to be deprived. She owes it to herself and children to see that this wall ot protection is placed between them and immediate want, and this is especially true when the husband has no other estate to leave. So, ask him, Mrs. Wife—make sure today— IS H E INSURED? Take this insurance in a strong, well managed company owned and operated by our people. The only old-line legal reserve Life Insurance Company of the Race. Please send me *»# particulars about insurance. STANDARD LIFE INSURANCE CO. Amount $. . Sex 200 Auburn Avenue, ATLANTA, GEORGIA Age Weight Capital Fully Paid -- $100,000.00 Occupation. . Over One Million and a Half Insurance in Force Name. ..... issues Policies from $250.00 to $5,000.00 Address.... HEMAN E. PERRY, President 'C. July, 1915) HARRY H. PACE, Secretary Mention TH E CRISIS 151 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER IHIIIIIIIIIHIIIIIJIIIIIIIIIIIIIffl Normal Work at Wilberforce Approved by the State EXTENSIVE IMPROVEMENTS TO BE MADE Summer Term 1915 to be Omitted TH E Norma l and Industrial Department at Wilberforce is now one of the institutions in the state of Ohio approved by the Superintendent of Public Instruction for the training of teachers for elementary and special work. Teachers graduating from this department will, without examination, be entitled to a state certificate good in Ohio and recognized in thirty other states. T o better equip the department for its work, extensive improvements and additions to buildings will be made; shops for the mechanical trades; a hospital building; gym nasium and additional accommodations for teachers. The Summer Term will be omitted during the present summer while these improve ments are being made. In future, summer students will have advantage of these improvements and summer work will have full value, entitling graduates to certificate without examination. No Summer Session 1915 REGISTER NOW FOR SESSION 1916 l.^il,;!,.^. I..NJI ; I,.,;,.., I.. 11.: 11 • i t. i! i I ,,l 11:1 III 11,: 11J11,11M nl I!;! i i: I,! II,!!, il I, I! !:l III t, ii.l i] J1 11., 1,111.1 l.i I.. I„ i,. 11,,!.., I, I, i,. I., I.. I ;i I, I., I i.,;., I il.,l„l.i i:],!:,,]:,!:.!!.,!-,,;.!!.,!:,!: ,1.11, i I., I], 11^7 3C Free to every Woman "THE LIFE AND WORKS OF PAUL ^™ ^™ copy of "Ladies LAURENCE DUNBAR" Cyclopedia of Health and B Containing his COMPLETE POETI" " "™B Beauty." This book contains in CAL WORKS, his best short stories, formation indispensable to every numerous anecdotes and a complete woman; on every subject women are most interested biography by Lida Keck Wiggins. This in. Tells how to cultivate health and beauty, what great book should be in every Negro to use and how to use it. home. Dunbar was the World's Great LOUIS M CCREARY est Negro Poet and his work stands in 1312 Farnam Street Omaha, Neb. a class alone. Contains 430 pages—60 full-page illustrations Price $1.75 net. Postage extra 15c. AGENTS WANTED. A GOO D BARGAIN TEXAS COLORED TEACHERS' Imported linen tablecloth made by French Nuns, AGENCY 72 x 72 inches; suitable for daily service. Beautiful Book Department, Desk D centre with border of magnificent renaissance lace. 1025 Boll St. Dallas, Texas All hand made'; $8.00, worth $50.00 if made by any Note to Teachers—A post card will American woman. With tablecloth I send free of bring information concerning our teachcharge my famous oil painting 41/2 x 8 inches: Mooners* placing agency. We recommend light on the Potomac, Washington, D. C , in Distance. competent teachers to positions all over All sent you at my expense for full examination. the South. Address inquiry to RegisNo obligation to you whatever. Mrs. Sparks, Artist tration Department. Suite 29, Astoria, Washington, D. C. WANTED Mme. Cornelia's Brown Improved Face Powder A position as laundress, instructress or plain sewing teacher, by September or October 1st. Refer- is made of the best and purest materials in three enccs. brown shades. Price, 25c. Trial size, 15c. MRS. L. M. B. . 205 Hickory Street. Orande. N. J. Samples, 4c. Agents wanted. References and terms. REGALIA Mme. CORNELIA Box 36. West Farms Station New York City A Race Enterprise Manufacturing Badges, Agents wanted by the EARLE PERFUME Banners and Supplies CO . Send 2c. stamp for price list. for all Fraternal and P. O. Box 390 Newport, R. I. Church Societies. CatCOLORED AGENTS WANTED alog upon request. Liberal commission; a postal brings particulars. CENTRAL REGALIA CO. THE PATRICK-LEE REALTY CO. Jos. L. Jones, Pres. Dept. O.. 2743 Welton Street. Denver, Colo. N. E. Corner 8th and Plum Streets, Cincinnati. Ohio Mention TH E CRISIS 1S2 TH E CRISIS The new efficiency era calls TEACHERS for the modern way of selecting teachers, through a live agency that furnishes the connecting medium in a business way, saves time of school officials, relieves teachers of the embarrassment of job hunting and covers the whole country. We have had calls for teachers from Alabama, Arkansas, Delaware, District of Columbia, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky, Maryland, Mississippi, Missouri, North Carolina, Oklahoma, Rhode Island, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia and West Virginia. Our list of teachers covers even a wider territory. THE MUTUAL TEACHERS' AGENCY 1335 T Street, N. W. Washington, D. C. H.GEO.DAVENP0RT. commercial artist letter heads envelope covers studio ENVELOPE DESIGNS •Business CARDS newspaper book Illustrations work 1819 De la chaise st. CARTOONS, ETC. New Orleans, LA.Start a Mail Order Business and Make Money You can operate in your own home during spare time. The parcel post has opened up the doors of opportunity to YOU . Others are making $20 to $500 a week. Why can't you? By our method you can start with $5 and up. We offer you thirty live, money-making mail order plans. You can make 95 cents profit of every dollar order. We furnish circulars, printed matter and place your advertising at lowest rates. Send 10 cents for complete outfit. Do it today—Now! MAIL DEALERS WHOLESALE HOUSE 517 Dearborn Street . Chicago, 111. Make Extra Money Each Week Light, pleasant and very profitable work. Take orders for our high grade calling cards at 50 for 25 cents with name and address. Big demand everywhere. Large commissions. Exclusive territory. Write now for samples and terms. THE HOUSE OF CHOWNING, Indianapolis. Ind. Wealth is Power The Union Development Company's stock is a wealth producer. $40,000.00 of stock for sale at $10.00 per share. Stock is now paying 7%. Every dollar invested in first class improved business property, located in the heart of the city; no risk, no failure. Company duly chartered under the laws of Georgia; is composed of some of the most successful and influential business men and women of the city and has great earning possibilities. Send at once for free circular giving full information. Union Development Co. 458 West Broad Street Savannah, Ga. ADVERTISER The Virginia Normal and Industrial Institute Petersburg, Va . Healthful location, competent faculty, new dormitory for boys, new course of study including four years of Hig h School work and two years of Normal School training. Courses offered in agriculture, domestic science, manual training, business and • music. Thirty-third session begins September 13th. For further information address JOHN M. GANDY, President Pianos-Player Pianos Factory to home BY MY PLAN of selling direct from factory to home. I can save you from $110 to $200 on my celebrated Evans Artist Model Pianos. Two to Four Years to Pay The easiest kind of terms, weekly, monthly, quarterly or yearly payments to suit your convenience. All middlemen, jobbers, dealers and agents profits cut out. No charge for salesroom expense for my office Is in my factory. These are some of the reasons why I can sell the Evans Artist Model Pianos for such little money. Let me send you the other reasons Write today. 30 Days Free Trial We allow all freight charges, let you use the beautiful Evans Artist Model Piano for thirty days, y free. If you are not entirely satisfied, we will take JV,it back without any cost to you—you are the sole Ayjudge to decide. If you want to keep it, you may /ityyzrJ*do so on our low factory wholesale price on/^V&amp;most convenient terms. ^ Free Music Lessons TO EVERY CUSTOMER we will give a two year* come of piano Instruction free. Ask about our Insur ance plan and our method of saving mail this coupon today you money. Write today. P.O. Evans Piano Co., Dept. 81 Chicago, Illinois Please send me your wholesale price list and catalogue of the Evans Artist Model Pianos F. O. Evans Piano Co. dept. 81 chicago Mention T: H E CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER WESTERN UNIVERSITY and the State Industrial Department Quindaro, Kansas City. Kansas Ideally located with city advantages and country surroundings in "free Kansas." A good, wholesome atmosphere tor the growing student. Strict discipline. Good literary course. Splendid Trades Department. Faculty of 24 members. Modern conveniences. Unusual advantages in all branches of school work. Music department second to none in this section. A Commercial Course giving superior training in banking and business principles. A bank in connection with the department. Special course in military band and orchestra music will he given in along with trades. Terms reasonable. Write for catalog. 20th Annual Opening, September 13, 1915 DR.	 H. T. KEALING, Pres., Quindaro, Kansas Paul Quinn College WACO, TEXAS (Established in 1881) Motto: Efficiency Excellent Industrial and Business Courses J.	 K. WILLIAMS W. L. SIMMONS President Secretary SAMUEL HUSTON COLLEGE AUSTIN, TEXAS Phenominal Progress During Last Fifteen Years. Christian Home for Young People without regard to Sex or Church. Property Valuation, $150.000 24 Teachers 523 Pupils Strong Faculty Especially Selected for Classical Work. Healthful and Inviting Invironments. Lowest Rates Possible for Best Accommodation Address: R. S. LOVINGGOOD. Pres., Austin, Texas J. E. ORMES ACCOUNTANT Audits System! Business information by mail. Open for engagements July and August Box 25, Wilberforce University Wilberforce, O. Mention MORGAN COLLEGE AND BRANCHES All Schools Open September 24, 1915 JOHN	 O. SPENCER, Ph.D., President Morgan College, Baltimore, Md. Location! Central in great college town between North and South. Courses: Preparatory, Normal, Music Advanced Education, Collegiate, Appropriate degrees. Instructors: Seven Colleges and Universities represented in Faculty, Dormitories: For a limited number, steam heat, furnished. Terms: Very reasonable. Dean; Rev. Charles Edmund Young, D. D. Princess Anne Academy, Princess Anne, Md. (Eastern Branch of Maryland Agricultural College) Location: The famous Eastern Shore of Mary land, Somerset County. Courses: Preparatory, Normal, Industrial, Domestic Science, Music Instructors: College and technically trained. New Dormitories: Furnished, steam heat, carefully supervised. Terms: Tuition free; other expenses moderate. SUMMER SESSION: .Tune 28 to Aug. 6, 1915. Special training in Domestic Science, Rural Education, Nature Study, School Organization, School Management, etc. Terms: Ent. fee, $1.00. Board, $3.00 per week; no other charges. Principal: Rev. Thomas H. Kiah, A. B. Virginia Collegiate and Industrial Institute Lynchburg, Va. Location: On beautiful hill in suburbs of growing city. Courses: Preparatory, Normal, Domestic Science, Gardening, Music. Instructors: College trained, carefully selected. Dormitories for fifty girls; furnished, steam heat, electric light, carefully supervised. Terms within reach of all. Principal: Frank Trigg, A. M. LEGAL DIRECTORY Telephones: {Central 104-WMain61 HARRY E. DAVIS ATTORNEY-AT-LAW NOTARY PUBLIC 1607 Williamson Building Cleveland. Ohio Office	 L. D. Telephone 3297 Market Residence L. D. Telephone 5277-M Market GEORGE A. DOUGLAS COUNSELLOR-AT-LAW Rooms 613-614, Metropolitan Building 113 Market St., Cor. Washington, Newark, N. J. General Practice	 Notary Public WILLIAM R. MORRIS ATTORNEY AND COUNSELLOR-AT-LAW 1020 Metropolitan Life Building Minneapolis Minn. BROWN S. SMITH ATTORNEY-AT-LAW Offices: Suite 802 Svkes Block Near Third and Hennepin Minneapolis Minn. GEORGE W. MITCHELL ATTORNEY-AT-LAW 908 Walnut Street Philadelphia Pa. Tel. 5437 Fore Hill Cable Address, Epben EDGAR P. BENJAMIN ATTORNEY AND COUNSELLOR-AT-LAW 34 School Street Boston, Mass. Telephone Connection W. Ashbie Hawkins George W. F. McMechen HAWKINS	 &amp; McMECHEN . ATTORNEYS-AT-LAW 21 East Saratoga Street Baltimore, Md. TH E	 CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Atlanta University Studies of the Negro Problems 17 Monographs Sold Separately Address ATLANTA UNIVERSITY CONFERENCE ATLANTA UNIVERSITY :: ATLANTA, GA. The Curse of Race Prejudice By James F. Morton, Jr., A. M. An aggressive exposure by an Anglo-Saxon champion of equal rights. Startling facts and crushing arguments. Fascinating reading. A necessity for clear understanding and up-to-date propaganda. Belongs in the library of every friend of social justice. Price 25 cents. Send order to JAMES F. MORTON, JR. 211 West 138th Street -:- New York, N. Y. "GLEANINGS FROM DIXIE-LAND** Ten poems by EFFIE T. BATTLE, A.M. "Mrs. Battle has an individual gift of melody." —Springfield Republican. "You owe it to your race to publish your poems in book form."—Editor, Southwestern Christian Advocate. "Verses are smooth, graceful, high-minded and clear, reverent to all truth, appreciative of all beauty and true inspiration."—George W. Cable. PRICE 25 CENTS. ADDRESS : OKOLONA INDUSTRIAL SCHOOL, Okolona, Miss. $25.00 PER WEEK may be made in commissions by parties handlin, "History of Negro Soldiers in Spanish- America War" combined with "History of the Negro Race. 400 pages* 50 illustrations. Price $1.25 net. Address: E. A. JOHNSON 154 Nassau Street NEW YORK JACK JOHNSON Should have as respectable a place in literature as Goliath or Willard. . .The poem, "Jack Johnson, World Champion Pugilist" gives him this. Suitable for your library- CLEAN—CLASSY—RACY Price 25 cents cash—Not Stamps. Address: J. F. CATHEY. Pub.. Reotlesvllle. Okla. AGENTS WANTED FOR W. T. McKissick &amp; Cos FAMOUS 90 DAYS TREATMENTS No. 1, No. 2 and No. 3 For Scalp, Hair and Skin P. O. Box 102, W ILMINGTON, D EL. YOUNG'S BOOK EXCHANGE (George Young) Novel Souvenir Post Cards Colored Authors and Books on Race Problems a Specialty. 135 W. 135th Street New York City Opens- July, 1. The Ocean House Better Closes Sept. 15 known as SEA ISLE CITY The Gordon Sea View, N. J. Personally managed by Mrs. Lucy Lee. This is the only property we own on the Atlantic Beach front. Every room opens on the ocean. Bathing, boating, fishing, music, dancing. A beautiful view of the ocean while dining from our new conservatory dining room. Special rates to school teachers for July. Write for rates. Address: MRS. LUCY LEE, 5 Plain St., Elmhurst, N. Y. After July 1st, The Ocean House, Sea Isle, N. J. Season, June 1st to September 30th MILLER'S COTTAGE, Luray, Va. In the heart of the mountains; an ideal resort uniting all city gayeties with the quiet of the coun try. Every summer comfort; cool, airy rooms; with in five minutes' walk of the great Luray Caverns; tempting table, tennis courts, fishing, music, dancing. Booklet on request. MRS. ALDINA HAWKINS HAINES Luray, Virginia. HOTEL LINCOLN (American or European Plan) Opens May 15thundernewmanagement Combines the restful quiet of the country and sea-shore with the gayeties of a great city. Only a few minutes'ride by train separates New York City from this delightful spot. HOTE L LINCOLN is within three minutes' walk of the beach where there are bathing, boating and fishing. 26 magnificently appointed rooms, single or en suite. Every convenience to suit the most exacting. EXCELLENT CUISINE—MODERATE RATES—BEST OF SERVICE For information write C. A. BRECKENR1DGE, Prop Telephone 1417 Hammels Arverne, Long Island PERSONAL CARDS Telephone 5277 Morningside DR. GERTRUDE E. CURTIS SURGEON DENTIST 188 W. 135th Street New York City WILLIAM L. BELL ERNEST W. KING Associate Architects 300 Odd Fellow Bldg. ATLANTA, GA. Mention TH I CRISIS Attention, Masons! A New Book of Interest to You Prince Hall and His Followers A carefully argued defense of the legitimacy of Negro Masonry in the United States, with notes and documents, by GEORGE W. CRAWFORD, 32° A graduate of Tuskegee, Talladega and Yale, formerly clerk of the Probate Court of New Haven and now a practicing lawyer there. Mr. Crawford is one of the best informed Masons in the country. COMMENTS From James F. Rikards, 33°, Most Puissant Sovereign Grand Commander, A .	 &amp; A . Scottish Rite : "'Prince Hall and His Followers,' written by a scholarly Afro-American, presents to the Masonic world a treatise on the legitimacy of Negro Masonry that should he in the hands of every Mason seeking fur Truth. The information contained in the chapter devoted to Prince Hall is alone worth to the young Mason the price of the hook. Brother Crawford's easy and pleasing style creates in the reader a desire to complete the volume before putting the book out of his hands." From Henry A. Spencer, 33°, Grand Master and Grand Commander of Knights Templar of New York : "The book tills a long-felt want among intelligent Masons of our Race. To know that we are right, and to substantiate that fact by intelligent research and logical statements, is worth more to us than what the other fellow may say. This is what Brother Crawford's book does; and it should be in the hands of every Mason of our Race." From Jose H. Sherwood, 33°, Past Grand Master of Minnesota and Deputy Imperial Potentate of Shriners: " A very strong brief, setting forth plainly the legitimacy of Prince Hall Masonry, and, as well, a stern call to all Negroes to assume full pride in the happy possession of a Rite which can show such clear proofs of its contentions." From William H . Grimshaw, 33°, Past Grand Master of the District of Columbia and author of " A History of Colored Freemasonry" : "I have read with great pleasure 'Prince Hall and His Followers.' The book is well written, containing clear and convincing diction. The impartial accuracy with which the facts are marshalled makes the book a very valuable asset to Masons." Price One Dollar. Postage Extra. ORDER NOW	 AGENTS WANTED TH E CRISIS 70 Fifth Avenue :: :: New York Mention TH I Cutll A VALUABLE BOOK The Education of the Negro Prior to 1861 The History of the Education of the Colored People of the United States from the Beginning of Slavery to the Civil War By CARTER GODWIN WOODSON, Ph. D. (HARVARD) 460 pp. $2.00; By mail $2.15 "This book is neither a controversial treatise on Negro education nor a study of recent problems. Dr. Woodson has given us something new. He has by scientific treatment amassed numerous facts to show the persistent strivings of ante-bellum Negroes anxious to be enlightened. What they accomplished is all but marvelous." The author aims to put the student of history in touch with the great movements which effected the uplift of the Negroes, and to determine the causes which finally reduced many of them to heathenism. The titles of the chapters are: "Introduction," "Religion with Letters," "Education as a Right of Man," "Actual Education," "Better Beginnings," "Educating the Urban Negro," "The Reaction," "Religion without Letters," "Learning in Spite of Opposition," "Educating Negroes Transplanted to Free Soil," "Higher Education," "Vocational Training," "Education at Public Expense." In the appendix are found a number of valuable documents. The volume contains also a critical bibliography and a helpful index. OPINIONS "I like it very much. You seem to have loosened up on your style a bit and you have done an excellent piece of research. .. . I hope that your book will have a good sale."—Edward Channing McLean, Professor of Ancient and Modern History, Harvard University. "It seems clear to me that you have made a substantial contribution to the subject and I know I shall profit by it."—Frederick .T. Turner, Professor of History, Harvard University. "I thought at first it would be out of my line, but on turning its pages, I discovered that it may well hold the attention of everybody with an intelligent interest in the colored people. You write easily and flexibly and have certainly compiled important material in the true spirit of scholarship. I congratulate you sincerely."—Ferdinand Schevill, Professor of History in the University of Chicago. "It seems to me that you have taken a held of which little has been known and developed in it a most interesting and valuable book. I am glad to have it in my library and rejoice that I have had the privilege of some personal acquaintance with the author."—Francis W . Shepardson, Professor of History in the University of Chicago. "I am delighted with the thoroughly scholarly way in which it has been put together and I know enough about the subject to appreciate what it has cost you in time and effort to perform this work."—D,-. Robert E. Park. "It is the story of the effort on the part of certain agencies to educate the Negro. It is above all the story of the strivings of the Negro himself under tremendous difficulties and opposition, to learn things,, to know more, to be more. . . . Apart from the fund of information on the subject which Dr. Woodson has here offered, the supreme point of this study is the unconquerable will of the Negro. . . . The book, as a whole, is an illumination of the recent development of education among the colored people."—The Washington Star. THIS BOOK MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE AUTHOR 2223 Twelfth Street, Northwest Washington, D. C. Mention Tm Cuiii