Others , made OTHERS Three Others POEMS BY Maxwell Bodenheim William Carlos Williams Alfred Kreymborg DECEMBER, 1916 Vol. 3, No. 4 Published OTHERS FRANK SHAY, Agent, 17 West 8th Street, New York City E. R. BROWN, Boston Agent, Cornhill Price 25 Cents 12 Issues, $1.50 ## ## Three Others POEMS BY Maxwell Bodenheim William Carlos Williams Alfred Kreymborg ## Henceforth, "Others" will issue occasional pamphlets, to supersede the monthly periodical, subscribers to be supplied with them at the rate of twelve numbers for the subscription price. Encouragement in the shape of financial returns must perforce determine to a large degree how rapidly the pamphlets are to be published. Just what one definite policy, if any, will be pursued is, as heretofore, a debatable question. Edmund R. Brown, of Boston, has fraternally volunteered to send the "Others'" subscribers, gratis, for the term of their subscription, successive numbers of his monthly periodical, "The Poetry Journal." The offer has been gratefully accepted. The second pamphlet to be issued under the new regime will contain poems by Mina Loy. Copyright, 1916, By Alfred Kreymborg ## MAXWELL BODENHEIM 5 To F. R.— who made other humans seem dwarfs CERTAIN MEN I His last spirit-child has walked away— The mist-basket it slept in, swings empty. But his eyes are many fire-hoops Rolled by other spirit-children Trooping into him. II Within a long-forgotten grave The crumbled body of his first grief lies. Yet sometimes its slowly striding ghost Crosses his face. AFTER-PAIN Hill flowers salute his feet As he parts them, climbing a slender path. ## 6 MAXWELL BODENHEIM They are flowers of breath-like pain Growing near the crest of every happiness he has. He stoops and runs his fingers over them, Then hurries to his white-pillared shelter of happiness, With a queer reverence. THE GHOST SWORD With a burning tug, Came her name, almost buried again By the softly rushing noise of the room. The silk over my soul was pierced, And the filmy breast was cut By something like pointed breath— (Too utterly thin to be pain) The little ghost sword of her name. LOVE Straight girl, whose body was that Of a shadowed caryatid in the blue temple of the night, ## MAXWELL BODENHEIM 7 You thought me your lover and knelt to me with a gesture, Although your shoulders did not drop . . . I walked from the light-splashed darkness And we blew the feathers of smiles Against each other's faces. And in that moment we loved, Although you stood, afterwards, your body still turned to the darkness, While I flew on to my love. WEARINESS Her straight lips, grazing each other Have that stillness on whose edge hang many words. Her head is always thrown back As though she saw and heard a faintly singing friend Rising from a high horizon, Shaking his flame-ringlets as he walks to her . . . Only the slowness of her breathing Tells you her dream is dead. ## 8 MAXWELL BODENHEIM THOUGHTS WHILE WALKING A steel hush freezes the trees. It is my mind stretched to stiff lace, And draped on high wide thoughts. My soul is a large sallow park And people walk on it, as they do on the park before me. They numb my levelness with dumb feet, Yet I cannot even hate them. OLD MAN IN A HAMMOCK Below the rippling voices of trees— Voices lower than the whispers of children And like the fluttering of spirit-tongues— The old man slowly swung In his gold and lavender hammock. His eyes, under moving lids, Seemed drops of water falling beneath the sun. They saw nothing. . . . The motion of the gold and lavender hammock Had become his life. ## MAXWELL BODENHEIM 9 WALKING Moon-light is combed by purple-black clouds To threads of purple-yellow light, And knitted to a fleeting poem Whose words are melting quivers of light. The rust-colored trees, made tenuous with light, Play with bubbles of wind-music and break them. And some trees have wings of twitching silver light And breathe quickly, uncertain whether to stand or fly. A wooden green and white church Is cut by squares of pungent light, And faintly-whistling music steeps the air about it . . . Tired children in your church, Come strolling with me to the trees and the moon. ##  10 maxwell bodenheim FIRST MEETING A softly angular woman gives me quick smiles Which I grasp at but never catch. (They are like bits of golden hair dancing in the wind) Her voice is like an empty basket Lined with the promise of gifts. I am a child in a cumbersome robe Curled up in a corner, rebuked. What must I do to fill the empty basket? PORTRAIT Her face is the tall, sun scrubbed corner Of a garden wall of red and white stone. Shadow whips die almost before they have slowly beaten The colored straightness of the wall, A slender boy in red and white comes And sits him down—you must look twice And long, to part him from the wall. He sings with tender disdain until ## Maxwell Bodenheim 11 He sees you. Then, frightened, he gives you bubbling laughs And talks, to make you forget him. LIFE I The sky is the thin, strong expanse of a God, And the trees are lines of black Hindus Praying in black, shrivelled attitudes. II The grass is a priest in dream-gold cloth, Lying on its back, hard with years of thought-spinning. The lateral-grey, snarled clouds over him Are the thoughts he has woven. III The slender lagoon holds the laughter of a child With his lips to a long, full cup. ## 12 maxwell bodenheim DEATH I A fan of smoke, in the long, green-white reverie of the horizon, Slowly curls apart. So shall I rise and widen out in the silence of air. II An old man runs down a little yellow road To an out-flung, white thicket uncovered by morning. So shall I swing to the white sharpness of death. FRIENDSHIP Grey, drooping-shouldered bushes scrape the edges Of bending swirls of yellow-white flowers. So do my thoughts meet the wind-scattered color of you. The green-shadowed trance of the water Is splintered to little, white-tasseled awakenings By the beat of long black oars. So do your words cut the massed smoothness of thoughts of you. ## Maxwell Bodenheim 13 Split, brown-blue clouds press into each other, Over hills dressed in mute, clinging haze. So do my thoughts slowly form over the draped mystery of you. STREETS Rows of exact, streaked faces, Each afraid to be unlike the others, (O bare, yellow houses let me batter different shapes into you, With cracked knuckles!) Glass globes on signs and in shops, with a light not your own, Recalling small souls that festoon the streets of my remembrance. (O let me place you between large thumbs, And break you to showers of falling splinters and sparks!) TALKS Like a scattering of golden mice Came your words. And my words were drifts of rice ## 14 Maxwell Bodenheim Flung to them. . . . And the evening of whispering laughs, The evening we made soft rose coats for each other And put them on. The one I gave had many buttons— The wraiths of old, delicate loves. And yours was threaded with little grey question-patterns. I cannot remember the mornings we had. Perhaps we sat with closed eyes And made a great beaten-silver cup From which we never drank. ## william carlos williams 15 KELLER GEGEN DOM Witness, would you— one more young man, in the evening of his love hurrying to confession, steps down a gutter crosses a street goes in at a doorway, opening for you like some great flower a room filled with lamplight; or whirls himself obediently to the curl of a hill some wind-dancing afternoon; lies for you in the futile darkness of a wall, sets stars dancing to the crack of a leaf— and leaning his head away snuffs (secretly) the bitter powder from his thumb's hollow, ## 16 william carlos williams takes your blessing and goes home to bed? Witness instead whether you like it or not a dark vinegar smelling place from which trickles the chuckle of beginning laughter. It strikes midnight. LOVE SONG Daisies are broken petals are news of the day stems lift to the grass tops they catch on shoes part in the middle leave root and leaves secure. Black branches carry square leaves to the wood's top. They hold firm ## william carlos williams 17 break with a roar show the white! Your moods are slow the shedding of leaves and sure the return in May! We walked in your father's grove and saw the great oaks lying with roots ripped from the ground. THE OLD MEN Old men who have studied every leg show in the city, old men cut from touch by the perfumed music, polished or fleeced skulls that stand before the whole theater in silent attitudes of attention, ## 18 william carlos williams old men who have taken precedence over young men and even over dark-faced husbands whose minds are a street with arc-lights, solitary old men for whom we find no excuses: I bow my head in shame for those who malign you. Old men, the peaceful beer of impotence be yours! THE YOUNG HOUSEWIFE At ten A. M. the young housewife moves about in neglige behind the wooden walls of her husband's house. I pass solitary in my car. Then again she comes to the curb to call the ice-man, fish-man, and stands shy, uncorseted, tucking in stray ends of hair, and I compare her to a fallen leaf. ##  WILLIAM CARLOS WILLIAMS 19 The noiseless wheels of my car rush with a crackling sound over dried leaves as I bow and pass smiling. PORTRAIT OF A WOMAN IN BED There's my things drying in the corner: that blue skirt joined to the grey skirt— I'm sick of trouble! Lift the covers if you want me and you'll see the rest of my clothes— though it would be cold lying with nothing on! I won't work And I've no cash. What are you going to do about it? —and no jewelry— (the crazy fools!) ## 20 WILLIAM CARLOS WILLIAMS But I've my two eyes and a smooth face and here's this! look! it's high! There's blood and brains in there— my name's Robitza! Corsets can go to the devil— and drawers along with them! What do I care! My two boys? —they're keen! Let the rich lady care for them— they'll beat the school or let them go to the gutter— that ends trouble. This house was empty— wasn't it? Then it's mine because I need it. ## WILLIAM CARLOS WILLIAMS 21 Oh I won't starve while there's the Bible to make them feed me. Try to help me if you want trouble or leave me alone— that ends trouble. The county physician is a damned fool and you can go to hell! You could have closed the door when you came in; do it when you go out. I'm tired. MUJER Oh, black Persian cat! Was not your life already cursed with offspring? We took you for rest to that old Yankee farm,—so lonely and with so many field mice in the long grass— ## 22 WILLIAM CARLOS WILLIAMS and you return to us in this condition—! Oh, black Persian cat. K. McD. You exquisite chunk of mud, Kathleen—just like any other chunk of mud —especially in April! Curl up round their shoes when they try to step on you, spoil the polish! I shall laugh till I am sick at their amazement. Do they expect the ground to be always solid? Give them the slip then let them sit in you soil their pants, teach them a dignity that is dignity, the dignity of mud! Lie basking in ## WILLIAM CARLOS WILLIAMS 23 the sun then—fast asleep! Even become dust on occasion. SPRING STRAINS In a tissue-thin monotone of blue-grey buds crowded erect with desire against the sky— tense blue-grey twigs slenderly anchoring them down, drawing them in— two blue-grey birds chasing a third struggle in circles, angles, swift convergings to a point that bursts instantly! Vibrant bowing limbs pull downward, sucking in the sky that bulges from behind, plastering itself against them in packed rifts, rock blue and dirty orange! But— (Hold hard, rigid jointed trees!) the blinding and red-edged sun-blur— creeping energy, concentrated ## 24 WILLIAM CARLOS WILLIAMS counterforce—welds sky, buds, trees, rivets them in one puckering hold! Sticks through! Pulls the whole counter-pulling mass upward, to the right, locks even the opaque, not yet defined ground in a terriffic drag that is loosening the very tap-roots! On a tissue-thin monotone of blue-grey buds two blue-grey birds, chasing a third, at full cry! Now they are flung outward and up—disappearing suddenly! EL HOMBRE It's a strange courage you give me, ancient star— shining alone in the sunrise toward which you lend no part. NEW PRELUDE I know only the bare rocks of to-day. ## WILLIAM CARLOS WILLIAMS 25 In these lies my brown sea-weed, green quartz-veins bent through the wet shale; in these lie my pools left by the tide— quiet, forgetting waves; on these stiffen white star-fish; On these I slip barefooted! Whispers of the fishy air touch my body: "Sisters!" I say to them. DANSE RUSSE If I when my wife is sleeping and the baby and Kathleen are sleeping and the sun is a flame-white disc in silken mists above shining trees, if I in my north room dance naked, grotesquely, before my mirror, waving my shirt around my head and singing softly to myself: ## 26 WILLIAM CARLOS WILLIAMS "I am lonely, lonely. I was born to be lonely. I am best so!" If I admire my arms, my face, my shoulders, flanks, buttocks, against the yellow drawn shades,— who shall say I am not the happy genius of my household? BALLET Are you not weary, great gold cross shining in the wind— are you not weary of seeing the stars turning over you and the sun going to his rest and you frozen with a great lie that leaves you rigid as a knight on a marble coffin? ## WILLIAM CARLOS WILLIAMS 27 —and you, higher still, robin, untwisting a song from the bare top-twigs, are you not weary of labor, even the labor of a song? Come down—join me for I am lonely. First it will be a quiet pace to ease our stiffness but as the west yellows you will be ready! Here in the middle of the roadway we will fling ourselves round with dust lilies till we are bound in their twining stems! ##  28 WILLIAM CARLOS WILLIAMS We will tear their flowers with arms flashing! And when the astonished stars push aside their curtains they will see us fall exhausted where wheels and the pounding feet of horses will crush forth our laughter. GOOD-NIGHT In brilliant gas-light I turn the kitchen spigot and watch the water plash into the clean white sink. On the grooved drain-board to one side is a glass filled with parsley— crisped green. Waiting for the water to freshen ## WILLIAM CARLOS WILLIAMS 29 I glance at the spotless floor,— a pair of rubber sandals lie side by side under the wall-table, all is in order for the night. Waiting, with a glass in my hand,— three girls in crimson satin pass close before me on the murmurous background of the crowded opera— it is memory playing the clown— three vague, meaningless girls full of smells and the rustling sound of cloth rubbing on cloth and little slippers on carpet— high-school French spoken in a loud voice! Parsley in a glass, still and shining, brings me back. I take my drink and yawn deliciously. I am ready for bed. ## 30 WILLIAM CARLOS WILLIAMS SPRING SONG Having died one is at great advantage over his fellows— one can pretend. And so,— the smell of earth being upon you too— I pretend there is something temptingly foreign, some subtle difference, one last amour to be divided for our death-necklaces, when— I would merely lie hand in hand in the dirt with you. FIRE SPIRIT I am old. You warm yourselves at these fires? In the center of these flames I sit, my teeth chatter! Where shall I turn for comfort? ## WILLIAM CARLOS WILLIAMS 31 PASTORAL When I was younger it was plain to me I must make something of myself. Older now I walk back streets admiring the houses of the very poor: roof out of line with sides, the yards cluttered with old chicken wire, ashes, furniture gone wrong; the fences and outhouses built of barrel-staves and parts of boxes, all, if I am fortunate, smeared a bluish green that properly weathered pleases me best of all colors. No one will believe this of vast import to the nation. ## 32 ALFRED KREYMBORG STONES It is best now to give suffering its way with me, like a sea with a stone, and let the spray which is others' joy— the spray dancing on those I bumped against while bounding and tumbling and rolling here— give me content. Suffering carves smoothness which cannot cut any longer— should I roll again. DOLCE In the great clouds, there is rain. A swift rain. A rain that kills. ## ALFRED KREYMBORG 33 And a slow rain. A rain that comes like leaves. I would be the slow rain. In the hills, there is a god who rolls from side to side. In the valley, a no-god who lifts his arm like a tree. I would be this one. In the streets, there are children. And there are old people. Very old people. I would not be the children, but the old people, the very old people. There is a woman. Big with gentle yielding. I would be like her. ## 34 ALFRED KREYMBORG CLAY I wish there were thirteen gods in the sky. One blessing won't do. Or even one god in me. I can't shape this thing alone. WESTMINSTER The niche cut for you by chance and you and me might be deeper if chance and you and me had been some other ## ALFRED KREYMBORG 35 chance and you and me. But there it is! CAMEL I have water of my own to take me to the horizon. But though all camels change to trees I still prefer even the mirage of oases. •••••• ILLUSION This tree, whose top flirted with the sky, whose lowest branches dared the uttermost east and west, whose roots penetrated China, whose leaves were elves— Your companion gone, it is less than a shrub. ## 86 ALFRED KREYMBORG LEAFLESS You are so straight and still. What does it mean? Are you concerned in the tops of you now with sky matters and winter butterflies? Do not the leaves you colored trouble you longer? Try and recall! Try and recall: (over this path she used to tread her way, over there I used to throne them for her, green, brown, red, yellow!) Did you look at me? Did you say something? ## ALFRED KREYMBORG 37 NO? Tree: Is the sap in you tired that you no longer resist the wind: Did you feel the rain, the rain that was here last week? You aren't old— what then? Another rain may be lighter? Even if it isn't— no? ROBINS He did the best he could. With what he was. Toward love that came. So ##  88 ALFRED KREYMBORG this not-yet-old young man pecks at love, eyeing it, touching it, dropping it, eyeing it, like a wary robin with a wriggling worm. PARRAKEETS If you don't put two in a cage, parrakeets die. Please put two in a cage, whoever you are? DUCKLINGS O wise-eyed drake, waddling like an empress, tell me: ## ALFRED KREYMBORG 39 Would you be more happy or less happy or not at all happy if you had twelve duckings or ten ducklings, instead of eleven ducklings quacking you dumb? GOLD PIECES Lads, along the way of my time I have stooped to many pieces— most of them bad— but you like their jangle as much as their jingle. Whether you earn them or no, the gold ones are for you. ## 40 ALFRED KREYMBORG MOLLUSC Boy, try your dagger elsewhere. You will only snap it here. Her heart is a mollusc. It never leaves her body. CHINAMAN It is useless to contend with her superstitions. That she is lovely and loveth thee should quiet thee. When some dream of hers not come true masters her and masters thee, then is the night to cry, ah me, and seek thy bed. . . . Smile thy prayer like a Chinaman. ## ALFRED KREYMBORG 41 HEMSTITCHES Lasses, I could do better hemstitches for you if I were a woman— preferably not your mother— but try to imagine that though I loved such as you older than you I will never love you, and I will sew you something you can tuck away in the secret drawer of your dresser you may take out if only to try on near your glass on such nights when you are lonesome and no boy gives you a thought. THE CUP If he were sober he would love you ## 42 ALFRED KREYMBORG as you wish to be loved and as he would love you if his muddled thought of you were clear of desire. It is sad that one so young should be drunken so soon, but, dear worthy child, had you not answered him, had you not answered him— I know, I know it wasn't your fault. MATINS May the sun blink open your eyes and find the room within all blue, and that tiny broken relic ## ALFRED KREYMBORG 43 of last night's unhappiness vanish like a moth. You will see, no bird can fly more swiftly away. NEW YORK There is a difference wider than a city block between the House of Moses on Second Avenue and the Chapel of the Immaculate Virgin on Third. They wait under the same sky, on the same level, through the same rain— honest humans crawl to both— but ## 44 ALFRED KREYMBORG there is a difference wider than a city block between the House of Moses on Second Avenue and the Chapel of the Immaculate Virgin on Third. CHANGEABLE In Wall Street, an ancient blind man tooting on a penny flute La donna é mobile: Fü, fü, fi, flü-ti, flu, fi, fli, fü, fellu-ti, fli— Even Wall Street smiled! OLD BEGGAR HEELS The right of the heel of her right shoe and ## ALFRED KREYMBORG 45 the left of the heel of her left are worn to the ground, so wide and so low does she bend her knees, so long has she done it there. Give her a penny and you will see. If you want to make sure, give her two. A CLERK'S LITANY Two and two are four, four and six are ten, ten and two are twelve, twelve and nine are twenty-one— twenty-one— Mabel's only twenty— twenty-one— twenty-one and seven— I hope she wears— twenty-one and seven are— twenty-nine— ## 46 ALFRED KREYMBORG I hope she wears— carry two— I hope she wears the blue to-night. Two and three are five, five and four are nine— blue's her color— nine and one— shall I—I wonder would she— nine and one— I wonder would she— and one is ten and two is twelve and nine I wonder will— twenty-one again— carry two. Two and four is— POETRY Ladislaw the critic is five feet six inches high which means that his eyes ## ALFRED KREYMBORG 47 are five feet two inches from the ground which means if you read him your poem and his eyes lift to five feet and a trifle more than two inches what you have done is Poetry— should his eyes remain at five feet two inches you have perpetrated prose, and do his eyes stoop —which heaven forbid!— the least trifle below five feet two inches you are an unspeakable adjective. ## Other Pamphlets In Preparation: POEMS by Mina Loy THE SPECTRICISTS THE ITALIAN FUTURISTS, Translated and edited by Mina Loy AN IRISH NUMBER, Edited by Padraic Colum POEMS by H. D. POEMS by Marianne Moore THREE PLAYS by Maxwell Bodenheim##