Otherst , made OTHERS A Magazine of the New Verse Edited by Alfred Kreymborg ASSOCIATE EDITORS William Carlos Williams Maxwell Bodenheim Helen Hoyt Alanson Hartpence AUGUST 1916 Vol. 3 No. 2 SPANISH-AMERICAN NUMBER Neu; York P. O. Box Thirteen 15 cents a Copy      $1.50 a Year #### OTHERS For August, 1916 R. AREVALO MARTINEZ JOSE SANTOS CHOCANO ALFONSO GUILLEN ZELAYA LUIS C. LOPEZ JUAN JULIAN LASTRA LEOPOLD DIAZ JOSE ASUNCION SILVA Vol. Ill No. II ## MANIFESTO—This issue presents translations of the work of some of the most prominent poets among our neighbors of Central and South America. Not long ago, Alfonso Guillen Zelaya, of Honduras, materialized in New York, and the Quijotian dream quickly evolved of bartering the product of men and women who appear in Others with that of men and women of Spanish America; and so, translations from Others will be used in Spanish American periodicals; in fact it is planned to have a Spanish edition of Others under the title, OTROS! In this instance, the advice of Senor Zelaya has been invaluable; likewise the cheerful labor of the translator, W. G. Williams, who is related to our North American friend, William Carlos Williams, as father to son. Of the poets who are presented, Martinez represents Guatemala; Chocano, Chili; Zelaya, Honduras; Lopez, Colombia; Lastra, Cuba; Diaz, Argentina, and Silva, Colombia. It will be recalled that the most famous poet in the Spanish of the day, Ruben Dario, was a Nicaraguan who died a few months ago. The September issue, as announced, will be A Woman's Number, edited by Helen Hoyt. Copyright, 1916 by Alfred Kreymborg## r.  arevalo  martinez 35 THE  CONTEMPORARY  SANCHO  PANZA Today Sancho cloaks himself in various disguises, Sancho Panza criticises, Sancho Panza writes verses. His bearing is, the dominie and his speech dogmatic. From two crutches hangs his great plethoric paunch. He has the puerilities of grammar and loves the adolescences of rhetoric. If modernist clothes dress the ideal in he thrusts his grammatical incisive. He writes the classic sonnet; turns to the estrambote and laughs in his sleeve at Don Quijote. And the sad and curious thing is that the insane Don Quijote opens a new trail into unknown lands and when it is beaten by him, comfortably passes the bell-shaped figure of his squire. He has left his ass, he wears fine clothes and shouts in a loud voice at inns and upon highways : Praise with me all those who renew the tongue, I open new pathways for the young. •••••••••Never could I tell by what strange accordances behind a madman always walk a hundred sane ones. ## 36 r.  arevalo  martinez Sancho, good Sancho, I admire your rustic prudence And I cannot deny that you have in abundance A sense of life which laughs at madness And which is of a hundred thousand Sanchos the common sense. Complete, to its very full, your derision Laughs at the adventures of knighthood But when peace comes after the battle You listen to the rebukes of your master and are silent. For the ball-men, life is forever lovely Since if it slopes they know how to roll down it. Oh rotund squire of easy soul and broad face, Without Don Quijano the good, what would become of Sancho? Your master misses a hundred times; but once he hits And that sole time is worth more than your dead life. • ••••••a. In opening to the mind a sealed path, Thus history combines the divine pair : In front, the thin master dragging his squire; and behind the fat servant, laughing, but he comes. ## r.  arevalo  martinez 37 FRAGMENTS OF "LAS IMPOSIBLES" To the students of Honduras and Nicaragua I am the first love.   I am the enchantment, I am the pain of that white form the time when you wrapped yourself in your cloak and studied here or in Salamanca. Woman is pain.   But of all I am she who worst wounds and blinds and maims. I am the first night of the nuptials of the soul, to which none ever came. I launch my glances like falcons to all those virgin souls that give easy prey to women. I am she who smiles on the balconies full of the moon, in the outskirts to the poets and the freshmen. Sometimes I was the cousin, cousin mine, white as the flower of the lemon tree and when you brushed my hand you gave me more than a body entire. Perhaps I gave you my mouth.   But be sure that if you kissed it, it was only once astride the wall and I so closely wrapped against the moon ## 38 r.  arevalo   martinez that when I saw you go you went drunk, forehead high, in your smile a prayer and you kissed the air; and you went blinded by me as by a light shining in all things. Students, you whom Honduras or Nicaragua sends to Guatemala and who mingle dreams and penury and live three or four in a room ; crimson immigration of youths half bohemians and half singers sonorous with the preludes of lutes, luminous with the blood of stars, who all know the mad cup and stand two months in your landlord's debt : I am that golden haired school girl who, with a kiss which she left on your mouth, pinned a wing to your shoulders and put the sun in your hearts.## R.  AREVALO  MARTINEZ 39 MY LIFE IS A MEMORY When I met her I loved myself. It was she who had my best singing, she who set flame to my obscure youth, she who raised my eyes toward heaven. Her love moistened me, it was an essence. I folded my heart like a handkerchief and after I turned the key on my existence. And thus it perfumes my soul with a distant and subtle poetry. ## 40 R.  AREVALO  MARTINEZ WHO CAN TELL ME. .. ? Who can tell me what we are, we, who mount upon the loins of Pegasus, incomplete creatures? What are we, the poets? Who can tell me what we are? We, who on a continual trot carry madness upon our shoulders and in our hands the ensign of Quijote and in our saddle-bags many white things. Who, as it were, in episcopal robes feel ourselves clothed in violets and write memorials to Christ for which we find no mail-boxes. ## R.  AREVALO  MARTINEZ 41 And, far away, hearing the weary footfall of the pedestrian souls, for in this century they no longer have even asses, we descend to the moist plains and protected by the woodland trees we wash our soiled feet in the rivers. We, who at the start, blinded with light, feel ourselves gnawed by the torture of seeing that the crowd has followed us and that we ourselves are guided by madness Until the voice divine again speaks and says to us: "Arise and walk. Blessed be ye, oh poor dreamers who still keep your eyes on the wanderer's star. I once recruited fisherfolk and now I recruit madmen.   Forward!" ## 42 R.  AREVALO   MARTINEZ THE SENSATION OF A SMELL Oh the wise faces I have carried to my lips like treacherous wines. The simple women I have seated on my knees like branches of flowers. And above all one, with brown hair, who resembled a flower and who left in my life the vague sensation of a smell. Her diamond eyes had the disquieting look of nonexistence and she gave me the strongest sensation of death I have had of a woman and the most burning sense of life that I have been able to obtain. REST When one is so weary that he is unable to rest and action is a torment and bed tires still more only in holy mother earth is the craved relief found, when it covers us in such manner that even the face is hid. ## JOSE  SANTOS  CHOCANO 43 THE SONG OF THE ROAD It was a black road. The night was mad with lightnings.   I was riding my wild colt over the Andean range. The cheery strokes of the hoofs like the chewing of monstrous jaws shattered the invisible glass of the sleeping pools. Three million insects made seemingly a mad discord. Suddenly, there, in the distance within that sad and pensive mass of the wood, I saw a handful of lights like a swarm of wasps. The inn!   The nervous lash struck the living flesh of my horse, who split the air with a long neigh of joy. And as if the wood understood all, it remained mute and cold. And there reached me then the voice of a woman clear and fine, singing.   She sang.   Her song was a slow. .. very slow. .. melody: something like a sigh which lengthens and lengthens and lengthens. .. and does not end. ## 44 JOSE  SANTOS  CHOCANO In the deep silence of the night above the repose of the mountain, I heard the notes of that simple song of intimate music, as if it were voices coming from the other life.. . I reined in my horse and listened to what they were saying. —All come with the night, all go with the day. And forming a duet another woman's voice thus completed the verse with consummate tenderness : —Love is only an inn midway in the road of life.. . And afterward the two voices repeated together with rhythmic bitterness : —All come with the night all go with the day.. . Then, I descended from my horse and laid myself down at the edge of a pool. And intent upon this song which came through the mystery of the forest I closed my eyes before sleep and fatigue. ## JOSE  SANTOS  CHOCANO 45 And fell asleep to the singing: and from that time, when I cross the forests by unknown ways, I never seek repose in the inns but I sleep off in the free air my sleepiness and my fatigue, because I always remember that simple song of intimate music : —All come with the night all go with the day. .. Love is only an inn midway in the road of life ! ## 46 ALFONSO  GUILLEN  ZELAYA LORD, I ASK A GARDEN.. . Lord, I ask a garden in a quiet spot where there may be a brook with a good flow, an humble little house covered with bell-flowers and a wife and a son who shall resemble Thee. I should wish to live many years, free from hates, and make my verses, as the rivers that moisten the earth, fresh and pure. Lord, give me a path with trees and birds. I wish that you would never take my mother, for I should wish to tend her as a child and put her to sleep with kisses, wrhen somewhat old she may need the sun.## ALFONSO  GUILLEN  ZELAYA 47 I wish to sleep well, to have a few books, an affectionate dog that will spring upon my knees, a flock of goats, all things rustic, and to live of the soil tilled by my own hand. To go into the field and flourish with it; to seat myself at evening under the rustic eaves, to drink in the fresh mountain perfumed air and speak to my little one of humble things. At night to relate him some simple tale, teach him to laugh with the laughter of water and put him to sleep thinking that he may later on keep that freshness of the moist grass. And afterward, the next day, rise with dawn admiring life, bathe in the brook, milk my goats in the happiness of the garden and add a strophe to the poem of the world. ## 48 LUIS  C.  LOPEZ VERSES TO THE MOON Oh moon, who now look over the roof of the church, in the tropical calm to be saluted by him who has been out all night, to be barked at by the dogs of the suburbs, Oh moon who in your silence have laughed at all things!   In your sidereal silence when, keeping carefully in the shadow, the municipal judge steals from some den. But you offer, saturnine traveler, with what eloquence in mute space consolation to him whose life is broken, while there sing to you from a drunken brawl long-haired, neurasthenic bards, and lousy creatures who play dominos. ## JUAN  JULIAN  LASTRA 49 VAS DOLORIS To Luis G. Monge I come from the remote borders of the land of oblivion.   My songs will not sound beneath your balconies, I am the singer of the broken sanctuaries. Artist, dreamer, sensitive and tender, my music is a voice of affirmation. .. I am like a winter twilight in love's garden. I love the fire of the sun.   My delights are the flaming rose, the bleeding pink, and I love the white swans on the lakes and the blue clouds in the wind. ## 50 JUAN  JULIAN  LASTRA I love the sad—for life is Pain— I love your black half-opened eyes fixed in an unknown direction where dead loves are forgotten. I know full well that love is sleep.. . and my soul sleepless.   You are not to blame for my sorrow.   You are a dream.. . I call you when I wake and you do not come ! You can come only as does death, silent and fatal.   You are anxiety, no matter, come; my heart is strong. .. Shed your petals in my hands, faded rose. I knew in my dreams that love is good and today, impenitent, a rebel against love, I weep upon the lilies of your breast and kiss you on the forehead. ## LEOPOLD  DIAZ 51 JESUS AND RENAN When Renan arrived in Paradise after a hard journey already the golden veil of light was falling upon the high laurels of Cephisus ! A tall cherub led him to where Jesus was blessing the children. —Let them come unto me, He said, the tender, the mild and the yielding. The philosopher, pale and serene with noble unction, upon seeing the Nazarene, reverently bends the knee. Like a matchless lily He raised his hand: Come to me good Breton you are my brother said Jesus—and He kissed him on the forehead. ## 52 JOSE ASUNCION  SILVA THE DISEASE OF THE CENTURY The Patient: Doctor, a discouragement of life which is in my intimate self rooted and born, the disease of the century. .. that same disease of Werther, of Rolla, of Manfred and of Leopardi. A weariness with all things, an absolute contempt for the human, an incessant revolt at the vileness of existence worthy of my master Schopenhauer; a profound unrest which grows with all the tortures of analysis. The Doctor: —This is a matter of regimen; walk in the early morning; sleep long, take baths; drink well; eat well; take good care of yourself; the thing that ails you is hunger ! ## ## ##