The Crisis The CRISIS Vol. 11—No. 1 NOVEMBER, 1915 Whole No. 61 ONE DOLLAR A YEAR TEN CENTS A COPY ife ffi PUBLISHER'S CHAT THE DECEMBER NUMBER OF TH E CRISIS WILL BE CHRISTMAS NUMBER A gem of beauty—literary and artistic—and just in keeping with the aesthetic tastes of our discriminating readers. C]f Do you remember our valuable and beautiful 1915 Calendar? Then you will want to secure early a copy of our 1916 Historical and Statistical Calendar—a work of art and a marvel of condensation. &lt;]f Too, our Christmas Card will be ready in early December and you will want copies of this to announce TH E CRISIS as a Christmas Gift to your friends. H Selected List of Books These prices do not include postage. Postage extra. HAZEL. (Mary White Ovington) $1.00 THE AUTOBIOGRAPHY OF AN EX-COLORED MAN. (Anonymous) 1.20 NORRIS WRIGHT CUNEY. (Maud Cuney Hare) 1.50 A NARRATIVE OF THE NEGRO. (Leila Amos Pendleton; 1.50 SOULS OF BLACK FOLK. (W. E. B. DU Bois) 1.25 THE WHITE MAN'S BURDEN. (T. Shirby Hodge) 1.00 RACE ADJUSTMENT. (Kelly Miller) 2.00 HISTORY OF TH E NEGRO. (B. G. Brawley) 1.25 HAL F A MAN . (Mary White Ovington) 1.00 AFTERMATH OF SLAVERY. (William Sinclair) 1.50 JOHN BROWN. (W. E. B. DU Bois) 1.25 NEGRO IN AMERICAN HISTORY. (J.W.Cromwell) 1.25 PRINCE HAL L AND HIS FOLLOWERS. (George W. Crawford) 1.00 LIBERIA. (Frederick Starr) 1.00 THE NEGRO. (W. E. B. Du Bois) 50 THE EDUCATION OF THE NEGRO PRIOR TO 1861. ( Carter &lt; i. Woodson) 2.00 FACTS OF RECONSTRUCTION. (John R. Lynch) 1.50 STORY OF THE NEGRO. 2 Volumes. (Booker T. Washington) 3.00 MASTERPIECES or NEGRO ELOQUENCE. (Alice Moore Dunbar, Editor) 2.50 POEMS OF PAUL LAURENCE DUNBAR 2.00 AFRO-AMERICAN FOLKSONGS. (II. E. Krehbiel) 2.00 OUT OF THE HOUSE OF BONDAGE. (Kelly Miller) 1.50 Address TH E CRISIS, 70 Fifth Avenue, New York Mention The Crisis TH E CRISIS A RECORD OF THE DARKER RACES PUBLISHED MONTHLY BY THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE. AT 70 FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK CITY Conducted by W. E. BURGHARDT DU BOIS AUGUSTUS GRANVILLE DILL, Business Manager Content! Copyrighted, 1915, by the National Association lor the Advancement o( Colored People Contents for November, 1915 PICTURES COVER. Photograph from Life. By C. M. Battey. ARTICLES Page TH E RISK OF WOMA N SUFFRAGE By Kelly Miller 37 GLIMPSES OF BRAZIL By R. W. Merguson 38 DEPARTMENT S ALON G TH E COLO R LINEME N OF TH E MONT H 7  13 OPINIONSEDITORIA LNATIONA L ASSOCIATIONORE D PEOPLE FO R TH E ADVANCEMEN T OF COL 17  25  33 LETTER S 44 TEN CENTS A COPY; ONE DOLLAR A YEAR FOREIGN SUBSCRIPTIONS TWENTY-FIVE CENTS EXTRA RENEWALS : When a subscription blank is attached to this page a renewal of your subscription is desired. The date of the expiration of your subscription will be found on the wrapper. CHANG E O F ADDRESS : The address of a subscriber can be changed as often as desired. In ordering a change of address, both the old and the new address must be given. Two weeks' notice is required. MANUSCRIPT S and drawings relating to colored people are desired. They must be accompanied by return postage. If found unavailable they will be returned. Entered as Second-class Matter in the Post Office at New York, N. Y. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Atlanta University Is beautifully located in the City of Atlanta, Ga. The courses of study include High School, Normal School and College, with manual training and domestic science. Among the teachers are graduates of Yale, Harvard, Dartmouth and Wellesley. Forty-six years of successful work have been completed. Students come from all parts of the South. Graduates are almost universally successful. For further information address President EDWARD T. WARE ATLANTA, GA. Knoxville College Beautiful Situation. Healthful Location. The Best Moral and Spiritual Environment. A Splendid Intellectual Atmosphere. Noted for Honest and Thorough Work. Offers full courses in the following departments: College, Normal, High School, Grammar School and industrial. Good water, steam heat, electric lights, good drainage. Expenses very reasonable. Opportunity for self-help. Fall Term Began September. 1915 For information address President R. W. McGRANAHAN KNOXVILLE, TENN. THE AGRICULTURAL TECHNICAL* COLLEGE of North Carolina (Formerly the A . &amp; M . College) The 226. annual session began September 1, 1915. Board, lodging and tuition $8.00 per month. Four year courses leading to trade certifi cates. Four year college courses leading to degrees of Bachelor of Science in Agriculture and Bachelor of Science in Mechanics. For catalog or further information Address President Dudley, A. &amp; T. College GREENSBORO, N. C. MOREHOUSE COLLEGE (Formerly Atlanta Baptist College) ATLANTA, GA College, Academy, Divinity School An institution famous within recent years for its emphasis on all sides of manly develop ment—the only institution in the far South devoted solely to the education of Negro young men. Graduates given high ranking by greatest northern universities. Debating, Y. M. C. A., athletics, all live features. For information address JOHN HOPE, President. ST. MARY'S SCHOOL An Episcopal boarding and day school for girls, under the direction of the Sisters of St. Mary- Address: THE SISTER-IN-CHARGE 611 N. 43d St. W. Philadelphia, Pa. AVOID BA D SCHOOLS Educate your children at home under our expert teachers Courses for Adults Pupils received at any time. Write to Educational Extension School, Box 3194 Station F, Washington, D. C Highly Endorsed. Financially Responsible. AGENTS WANTED WILEY UNIVERSITY MARSHALL, TEXAS Recognized as a college of the First Class by Texas and Louisiana State Boards of Education. Harvard, Yale and Columbia represented on its faculty ; students gath ered from ten different states. Strongest Music Department in the West M. W. DOGAN, President FISK UNIVERSITY NASHVILLE, TENN . Founded 1866 Thorough Literary, Scientific, Educational, Musical and Social Science Courses. Pioneer in Negro music. Special study in Negro life. Ideal and sanitary buildings and grounds. Well-equipped Science building. Christian home life. High standard of independent manhood and womanhood. For literature, etc., write FAYETTE AVERY McKENZIE, President Mention TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER The National Religious Training School "I cordially commend the school's interest and needs to all who believe in the Negro race and in our obligation to help promote its intellectual, moral and religious uplift." REV . DR. C HARLES H. P ARKHURST , New York City. IT IS MORE THAN A MERE SCHOOL IT IS A COMMUNITY OF SERVICE AND UPLIFT Its influence is destined to be felt in all sections of the country in improved Negro community life wherever our trained workers locate. Settlement workers, missionaries for home and foreign mission fields, Y. M . C. A . and Y. \Y . C. A . secretaries and district nurses receive a comprehensive grasp of their studies under a Wellesley graduate and experienced co-workers and actual every-day practice through the school's SOCIAL SERVICE DEPARTMENT. We. aim also to create a better qualified ministry. Industrial training, advanced literary branches, business school. Thirty-two acres; ten modern buildings; healthful location. We can accommodate a few more earnest, ambitious students. Communities requiring social workers should write us. For catalog and detailed information address: PRESIDENT JAMES E. SHEPARD National Religious Training School Durham, N . C. The school has no endowment fund and must raise a yearly maintenance fund of $15,000 for running expenses. Won't you help us this year? The Cheyney Training School for Teachers CHEYNEY, PENNSYLVANIA Under the management of the Society of Friends. Beautifully located, healthful, well appointed, and within easy reach of a great variety of educational institutions, public and private, extending from West Chester to Philadelphia; representing a wide range of educational problems and practice. This school offers to young colored men and women who have a reasonable secondary school preparation, and who earnestly desire to become teachers, carefully graded courses in academic work, domestic science, domestic art, manual crafts and agriculture. For teachers of experience and intending teachers it offers also a six weeks' summer-school course during the months of July and August. Tuition is free. Board, lodging, heat, light and laundry privileges are offered for nine months for $100. The charge for the same during the summer-school course is $15. Write for particulars to LESLIE PINCKNEY HILL, Principal Mention TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER BEREAN MANUAL TRAINING AND INDUSTRIAL SCHOOL SOUTH COLLEGE	 AVENUE, PHILADELPHIA, PA. Fall Term and Seventeenth Year Opened Tuesday, October 5th. 1915 Domestic Art, Industrial Art, Commercial, Music and English. Excellent opportunity for small groups and specialized classes. Age, sex or previous training no bar to entrance if applicant has good character. Helpfulness our	 object. Efficiency our aim. Evening session. Write now. MATTHEW ANDERSON, Principal 1926 South College Avenue Philadelphia. Pa. E. ALDAMA JACKSON Graduate Institute of Musical Art, Organist and Director of Music St. Mark's M. E. Church Teacher of Theory and Piano Theory course embraces elementary and advanced Harmony or Counterpoint. Private or Class Work Studio: 30 W. 132d STREET, NE W YORK CITY Books? 	See the Selected List on the Inside Front Cover. HAZEL The Story of	 a Little Colored Girl By Mary White Ovington Author of "Half A Man" This charming story, which has given pleasure to hundreds of children—and to grown-ups as well—is an appropriate Christmas gift. Well printed and beautifully bound in red and gold. Price $1.00 Postage extra We want good, live agents to handle this book and are offering especially advantageous terms for the same. Address TH E CRISIS 70 Fifth Avenue New York "The White Man's Burden" An Unusual Novel Would you like to read an interesting story of the day when the Negro race will lead civilization? Then read The White Man's Burden By T. SHIRBY HODGE Published by the Gorham Press, Boston PRICE $1.00. Postage 6 cents Can be had at the office of TH E CRISIS, 70 Fifth Avenue "I have read this book with interest and recommend it to my friends. It has a fine lesson in its breast which is voiced in the concluding lines: 'The white man's burden is himself.' " W. E. B. DuBois. Mention T H E CRISIS THE CRISIS Vol 11 -No. 1 NOVEMBER, 1915 Whole No. 61 Along the Color Line MUSIC AND ART MRS. META VAUX WARRICK FULLER , the sculptress, of Framingham, Mass., has designed a beautiful medallion donated to the Equal Suffrage League, as her contribution to the suffrage campaign fund. The Evening Framingham News says: "It beautifully typifies the message of equal suffrage without having any of the limitations of propaganda. The medallion is of plaster, finished in ivory or white. On it are three heads in profile—a man, a woman and a child—with this motto from an old poem: 'Each unto each the rounded complement.' It will be a thing of beauty and a message of truth long after the vote is won throughout the country." ([ An interesting drawing by L. Pasternak, designed to serve as an illustration to an essay on Aldridge and Taras Shevchenko, has been reproduced in the International Studio. Of the drawing, "The American tragedian, Aldridge, and Taras Shevchenko, the poet of the Ukraine," it is stated—"The national poet of the Ukraine, who was also a gifted draughtsman and etcher, became acquainted with the American tragedian Aldridge in 1858 at the house of Count Fedor Tolstoi, at that time Vice-President of the Academy of Arts in St. Petersburg, and the acquaintance thus initiated developed into a warm friendship, in spite of the fact that they could understand one another only through the medium of an interpreter. Shevchenko drew a portrait, now in the Tretiakoff Gallery in Moscow, and the occasion has been reconstituted by L . Pasternak in the drawing now reproduced." C In an article on "The Impress of Personality" in The Musical Quarterly, Mr. Percy Grainger, the Australian composer, emphasizes the importance of the American Negro's work in music, and says of the New York Clef Club: "It is more than worth one's while to travel across the Atlantic to hear . . . The compositions they interpret are art music, and reveal the strict harmonic habits of the written art, but the ease with which those members of the club who cannot read musical notation learn and remember intricate band and choral parts by heart (often singing tenor and playing bass) and many individualistic and rhapsodical traits in their performances suggest the presence of instincts inherited from the days of communal improvization. The qualities are nowhere more in evidence than in their exhilariting choral numbers by that strangely gifted American composer, Will Marion Cook's 'Rain Song' and 'Exhortation,' in themselves works of real genius and originalitv tion." ([ The Riverside Male Quartet of Boston, Mass., assisted by Mr. W . H . Richardson, baritone, was heard at Stratham, X. H., before the NewHampshire early in September. ([ Mr . Roland Hayes, tenor, of Boston, Mass., was presented at a musical held by the Lake Placid Club at Lake Placid, New York, at the close of the summer season. Mme. Marcella Sembrich, who THE s was a noted member of the audience, commented warmly on the singing of Mr. Hayes. ([ Two pictures by Tanner were loaned to the Chicago Exposition. There were also pictures by young Harper, who died just when he attained success, and one by the late Miss Moss. ([ Lyndon H. Caldwell of Syracuse, New York, a concert pianist, is on tour in the South. ([ Ned Weyburn, who has staged so many of the large Broadway shows, is said to be the man who introducedragtime to Broadway, sixteen the family to his own home. He tells how he first heard the rhythms, when on a vacation down in Alabama from an old colored man, who played the banjo. He caught the measure by placing a piece of paper over the old man's instrument. C A number of colored actors are rilling engagements in vaudeville houses in London, England, with great success. ([ Mr. Melville Charlton has passed the associate examination of the American Guild of Organists, which is authorized by the Board of Regents of the University of the State of New York. He re spent many millions of dollars and pub ceived his certificate and is authorized to affix to his name A. A. G. O. One of the examiners was Horatio Parker, Doctor of Music of Yale University. SOCIAL UPLIFT THE social club formed by the colored A printers in the government service at Colon, Panama, has celebrated its first anniversary. C A Better Babies Contest held recently in Washington, D. C , brought out many fine specimens of babyhood. ([ Prohibitionists are enlisting the help of colored voters in South Carolina to carry the state. ([ The Leonard Street Orphans' Home, Atlanta, Georgia, takes care of seventy homeless orphans. The asylum needs help. Miss Chadwick, with the help of the older girls, manages the home. ([ Many colored veterans, who are left of the soldiers who fought in the Civil War, were in the encampment and review of CRISIS ([ Miss Anna J. Gilmore, a great grand daughter of Tobey Gilmore, a slave and revolutionary soldier, suggests that the old homestead, built about. 1800 at Raynham, a home for the aged. ([ Mrs. Lillian H . Childress, the first colored graduate of the Library Course in Butler College, Indianapolis, Ind., is in charge of the Colored Branch of the Evansville, Indiana, Public Library. ([ John Brown of Dinwiddie, Virginia, saved a Bohemian family, at the risk of his life, during a severe storm, which de stroyed their home. Mr. Brown brought ([ Mr. Edward A. Abbott of Chattanooga missioners of that city that it would be a mistake to spend a large sum to acquire property for a park for colored people, which could not be kept safe for women and little children. Thecommissioners chase. ([ Rev. Henry A. Boyd, in his financial report of the Negro Baptist Publishing House, tells of a business which has lished millions of books. ([ Emancipation Day was celebrated in Spokane, Washington, with many enjoyable ceremonies. In New York City there were formal exercises at one of the playgrounds in honor of the day. ([ The Colored Branch of the Louisville Public Library, Louisville, Kentucky, celebrated its tenth anniversary recently. ([ The Negro children of Jacksonville, Florida, will have three new graded schools and a new high school. This is the result of a fight which the colored citizens made for a larger share of the new school appropriation, di n response to action taken by Governor Board is forbidden to ask future applicants to state color and race and send a photograph. ([ There are six vacancies on thePhiladelphia the city are working to place a competent man of the race in one of them. C Emmett J. Scott has been in conference Thomas Ince Company, concerning the of moving picture play. production a the G. A. R., held recently at Washington, D. C. ALONG THE COLOR LINE 9 PART OF COLUMBUS, OHIO'S KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS, IN PARADE which will be the story of the Negro in America. This is to be an answer to Thomas Dixon's "Birth of a Nation." C Joshua A. Crawford has been elected chairman of the ward committee in Ward Thirteen, Boston, Mass. He has also been nominated for the Legislature. JT Lincoln Settlement, Brooklyn, New York, has been successful in providing suitable playground facilities for the children of the neighborhood. Under the direction of Dr. V. Morton Jones the settlement has won many friends. fl Since the Boys' Reformatory at Mt. will study at the school of Philanthropy and Columbia University, New York City, and do social work under the supervision of the League. C The Woman Suffrage Party of New York City has established headquarters in a colored neighborhood in that city. C Colored and white people are attending the demonstration of farm work, held in rural districts in Alabama under the Smith-Lever Fund. C Several thousand Pythians took part in the parade during the eighteenthbiennial colored Knights of Pythias in Columbus, Meigs, Alabama, became a state institution, it has been able to serve many boys. Ohio. The chidren receive an industrial training. The colored women of Alabam started the institution. C The Negro Year Book 1914-15, gives a long list of colored people who during that time received the Carnegie Medal for heroism. Among the number are several children. C The colored people of Washington, D. C , will be given model houses, in the Ellen Wilson Memorial Homes, soon to be built in that city. C The Colored Citizens' Union of Orange, New Jersey, is asking the support of the colored voters of that city for their candidates. C The two "Fellows" named bv the National League on Urban Conditions for this year are Forrester B. Washington MEETINGS i i AMONG the plans of the Kentucky *• Exposition to be given next year are a pilgrimage to Lincoln farm, and an extended program of Negro music. Tennessee. Ohio and Indiana will cooperate with Kentucky in her Emancipation Exposition, ([ William Monroe Trotter finished an extended speaking tour with a lecture to a crowded house at Union Baptist Church, Baltimore, Maryland. ([ The Washington County Colonial School of Maryland took first prize with their exhibit at the recent Richmond Exposition. and Miss Carrie L. Dukes. They ([ The Lincoln Jubilee Exposition brought to notice the fact that over one TH E CRISIS thousand patents have been granted to in Georgia and Alabama, is nowcolored inventors in this country. President C Major R. R. Morton with other members of the Negro Organization Society ofMontgomery, theSavannah Virgini recently made a tour of the counties of Northern Virginia, giving talks on health, farm economics and education. m EDUCATION FOR the session ending June 1915, public school superintendents of 133 counties in 14 states have co-operated with the Jeanes Fund. The supervising teachers are paid partly by the counties and partly by the Jeanes Fund. C A free kindergarten is to be started in D. S. S. Goodloe at Jericho Park, near the First Congregational Church,Savannah, Ga. II A night school for colored adults will be opened in Atlanta, Ga., this fall. C John C. Leftwich has started buildings for an industrial school for Indians and Negroes, in Oklahoma. C Prof. J- E. K . Aggrey of Livingstone College, Salisbury, N . C , a native of Africa, did exceptional work at the summerNew York City. In a thesis which treated of customs in Liberia, he told of the knowledge of eugenics which West Africans have and how welllong they have used it. C R. T. Coles, principal ofSchool, Kansas City, Mo., willcharge of Garrison Industrialopened this fall in that city. and how Garrison  also take  School, C The summer normal school for colored teachers, held in New Orleans, La., last summer was most successful. It will be repeated next season. C Vocational training will be started in M ECONOMICS THE Eagle Coal Company, composed of colored business mentions on their property in Fayette county. C The St. Paul Farmers' Conference organized and encouraged by St. Paul Normal and Industrial School had an interesting session at Lawrenceville, Va. C The colored people of both Alabama and Mississippi have held state fairs, at which their agricultural and mechanical progress was shown. C A11 workmen on the residence of Mr. Bowie, Maryland, were colored. C A new bank to be known as M PERSONAL  session of Columbia University, MR. ROBERT N. WOOD of New York City is dead. He was for many years closely identified with the Democratic party and its politics, fi It is reported that Mr. B. T. Washington George Hall, of Chicago, and other physicians and nurses are in attendance. C The writer, John E . Bruce, is one of a citizens' committee, appointed to receive Governor Whitman of New York, at the Yonkers Day celebration, in Yonkers. C Dr. Paul Crosthewaite of Chicago, 111., has won praise in London, England, for his skillful dental work. C Mr. Isaac Fisher of Birmingham, the Thomas Durham School in Philadelphia, in January, 1916. If successful it Ala., well known for his articles on farm will be introduced into fourteen other economics, has written a moving picture colored schools in that city. play, which has been produced by the C Because the schools in Savannah were Southern Motion Picture Company. crowded many children were unable to C Rev. J. B. F. Shaw, President of enter this fall. Meridian Institute in Mississippi, spoke in German before the German Methodist Conference in session at St. Joseph, Mo. C Prof. W. W. Colson after a year's C Edmund T. Jenkins of Charleston, S. study of social science at ColumbiaUniversity, New York, goes to C , a student at the Royal Academy of Union University, in Richmond. He will Music. London, England, has done a devote part of his time to welfare workin the city. creditable year's work. C Private Stewart from Jamaica won a race in which five hundred soldiers com- C W . Rutherford Banks, who has taught ALONG THE COLOR LINE THE KING SEES peted at Aldershot, England. The Queen of England presented the prize. ([ Major Wilson R. Ballard and wife have reached this country from Africa. Major Ballard has been an officer in the Librarian constabulary for nearly four years. ([ Thomas J. Bell, after thirteen years as secretary of the Y . M . C. A., New York City, has resigned on account of ill health. Tames L. Jamison, Jr., will succeed Mr. Bell. ([ Dr. William H . Creditt has resigned as pastor of Cherry Street Baptist Church in Philadelphia. STEWART START. ([ Former Senator Joseph B. Foraker is dangerously ill in Christ Hospital,Cicinnati, THE CHURCH THE first bishop of Negro blood on the American continent was Right Rev. Francisco Jovier de Luna Victoria, the son of a freed slave. He became bishop of the See of Panama in August, 1751, remaining here till he was transferred to Peru, nine years later. ([ Miss Sarah E. Conway, a missionary at Cape Mount, Liberia, on a recent visit THE QUEEN GREETS STEWART AS VICTOR. TH E CRISIS to America, told of the large amount of medical work she found to do among the natives. C St. Paul's Cathedral, Boston, Mass., was crowded at the opening session of the conference of Church Workers among Colored People. The other meetings were held in St. Bartholomew's Church in Cambridge, Mass. FOREIGN LAST July, Liberia celebrated the ninety-third anniversary of its founding. The event of the memorial day ceremonies was an address by Hon. Edwin J. Barclay, whose subject was Spiritual Ideals in the Life of a Nation. THE GHETTO SENATOR BORA H of Idaho will ([ Four colored men who were refused service in a restaurant in Huntington, Long Island, New York City, have brought suit against the owner. ([ The Central Civic Betterment League of Kansas City, Mo., is trying to have an ordinance passed which will prohibit Negro and white schools in the same neighborhood. ([ Colored men in Miami, Fla., may not drive automobiles unless they own them. This is one of several oppressive measures that have been passed lately in this city, which has a large northern element in it. ([ The Illinois conference of theMethodist resolutions to petition the General Conference for colored bishops to represent their people in the South. continue to oppose a FederalConstitutional Amendment granting Woma Suffrage, because such a law will raise the question of Negro disfranchisement. ([Because Negroes are rapidly acquiring land in North Carolina, a movement is on foot to secure an amendment to the State Constitution which will limit their right to buy land. CRIME IT is reported that Love Rudd was hanged near Clarkeville, Mo., for threatening white people. ([ A man named Wilson, captured twice by a mob, was lynched near Dresden, Term., for a crime against a white woman. CARNEY POST, NO. 46, VETERANS OF FOREIGN SERVICE OF PITTSBURGH, PA FIRST PRIZE WINNERS AT THE NATIONAL CONVENTION AT DETROIT. THEY WERE THE ONLY COLORED POST ON PARADE. CAPTAIN F. R. STEWART WAS IN COMMAND i ME Nofthe MONTH i A BANDMASTE R 	scribed "Presented to the chief musician Ninth Cavalry Band by the citizens of WADE H. HAMMOND was born Douglas, Arizona, September 14th, 1914. * * in Alabama and graduated at Keep step to the music of the Union." the A. and M. College in 1895. He was for some time both musician and tailor but finally became bandmaster in the A . and M . College and in WesternUniversity. BUSINES S In 1909 MA N  entered the regular A hearmy and was sent at the expense of his THE late Harris Barrett was born in regiment to the Royal Military School •*• Henderson, Kentucky, in 1865 and, of Music in London. He also traveled entered Hampton Institute at the age of in other countries. He returned to reseventeen years. The oldest organized sume his position as bandmaster of the effort to encourage loan and home-buycelebrated Ninth Cavalry. ing among local Negroes was thePeople's Hampton which Mr. Barrett founded Last fall the mayor of the city of soon after graduating in 1885. This Douglas, Arizona, where the Ninth Cavalrycompany is has stationed, a him in dollars presented the t loaned half millionname of the citizens, with a gold medal buying of homes. set with diamonds. The medal was in- MR. W. H. HAMMOND 	MR. HARRIS BARRETT 14 THE MR. C. F. HEARTMAN Mr. Barrett served in the treasurer's office almost from the time of his entering Hampton and was cashier from 1907 until 1913. He was a quiet, accurate man, happily married and widely influential. A BIBLIOPHILE ONE of our most noted women, and the first of her race in America to distinguish herself in letters, has been rescued from obscurity, and immortalized as it were in a kind of trilogy. We refer to the three distinctive publications on the gifted poetess of the Revolution, Phillis Wheatley—a Bibliography, a book of Broadsides, containing facsimiles of all the various editions of her fugutive poems, and her Betters and Poems combined. We who are somewhat backward in recognizing the literary merits of our geniuses, discovered and undiscovered, must now, if we have any gratitude in us, acknowledge our debt to Charles Frederick Heartman, late of Brunswick, Germany, a thorough and painstaking bibliophile and now a resident of New York. CRISIS Mr . Heartman's early training in German journalism gave him the opportunity to devote himself to the writing of short stories. His studies of unfortunate human types may have been the reason that prompted him to republish Phillis Wheatley's poems, and everything extant and obtainable in print or manuscript concerning this truly remarkable woman of the Negro race. Phillis has so long be&lt;?n permitted to remain in obscurity, because of her complexion in spite of the fact that she was the first woman in America to attain to any distinction as a writer of poetry. Mr. Heartman came to the United States with a keen knowledge of rare and historical books. The Heartman Historical Series, which he issuesperiodically Phillis Wheatley Series, number to date ten issues and cover the field known as Americana. Every publication in which he is interested is privately printed. His books are for the few who appreciate the rare, the beautiful, and the useful. He has brought to the notice of the great libraries of the country and to the bibliophiles a mass of information respecting this brilliant Negro girl. His is the work of an honest, fair minded, unprejudiced investigator. Not once has he spoken of pecuniary reward, but always of his desire to hand down to posterity this tribute to the mental and moral worth of Phillis Wheatlev; to bring before the great libraries and collectors in all its completeness in so far as was humanly possible the work of this young African girl who in her day was quoted as freely and as generously as are some of our modern poets. This publication has brought to light another remarkable Negro poet of whom few have heard in the person of Jupiter Hammon. No imprint of his poems was known to exist. We are indebted to Mr. Heartman for a reproduction of Hammon's splendid poem to Miss Wheatley. Mr. Heartman is a man with a big heart, a noble mind, and of generous impulses ; we admire him for his democratic spirit ARTHUR A. SCHOMBURG. MEN OF THE MONTH IS MR. W. C. HANDY MR. WILLIAM DYKE. HAVE YOU EVER HEARD"BLUES"?  THE master music, he is able now to play nearly every musical instrument, and is a cornet soloist of rare ability. He reads THE distinction of havingcontributed to the world an entirely hew at sight the most difficult music and style of music composition can be claimed by W. C. Handy of Memphis, Tennessee. Mr. Handy wrote the now world-famous "Memphis Blues" which is the first American composition to attain popularity written in the "Blues Style." The difference between this and the old established rule of composition is stated by one authority to be that the "Blues Style" has fourteen measures to the strain, which represents the correct construction of genuine African music, whereas, the regular style has sixteen measures to the strain. Musicians who at first laughed Mr. Handy'scompositions to scorn and ridiculed them as be monopoly in furnishing music to the ing musically impossible have joined the large number of writers who are now imitating his style. Mr. Handy's work is all the more remarkable for the reason that he never had a music lesson in his life. By purely personal work and a determination to writes all of the orchestrations used by his band of forty-five men, besides doing arranging and making orchestrations for many musical organizations and music houses who have no regularly employed arranger. Mr. Handy was born in Florence, Alabama, nearly forty years ago and taught music at Normal, Alabama, for several years. Later he travelled with Mahara's Minstrels in order to master brass band and orchestral work. About ten years ago, he went to Memphis, and organized a "Knights of Pythias" band. He received scant encouragement from the older musicians who had a practical city. Today, he furnishes nearly all the music to the city both public and private, and employs the year round nearly fifty musicians. His bands are in demand for every occasion. Profiting by the mistake he made in selling the"Memphis later formed a partnership with Harry THE H . Pace, establishing the Pace &amp; Handy Music Company, which boasts of being the only colored music publishing house in existence today, and which has published all of the later compositions of Mr. Handy and compositions of several other colored composers. m A HERO WILLIAM DYKE , principal of * ' Goode Public School, Bedford County, Virginia, has been awarded a silver medal and $1,000 by the Carnegie Hero Fund. When the home of Peter Bryant, a white man, was burned two years ago his little four-year-old child was caught in the burning house. The roof was about to fall in but Dyke rushed in and brought the child out alive. The building collapsed just a few seconds after he emerged. The money was added to the medal in order to pay off a mortgage on Mr. Dyke's house. Si A NEW COLLEGE PRESIDENT CRISIS Dr. McKenzie is a Puritan and was born among the Underground Railway group in Pennsylvania. H e was educated State University. His doctor's thesis was on the Indian problems and as a teacher he has interested himself in racial problems of various sorts. It is fortunate that Dr. McKenzie comes to his work as a young man with a prospect of many years of useful endeavor. AN HONORED PHYSICIAN DR. ULYSSES GRANT DAILEY was born in Louisiana, August 3rd, 1885. He was educated at Straight University and NorthwesternUniversity degree at the medical school of the latter institution in 1906 and afterward served as assistant in anatomy at the same place, as ambulance surgeon for the health department of the city of Chicago and as associate surgeon of theProvident At the last meeting of the National Medical Association, which is composed THIS month Fisk Universityinaugurates its fourth President in the of colored physicians, dentists, etc., Dr. person of Fayette Avery McKenzie. Dailey was elected president. OPINIONS THE ROTTEN BOROUGH Nevertheless there is evidence that the North is continuing to think. A writer TH E SUPPRESSED Savoyard, a staff correspondent of several southern papers, is complacent commending an editorial in the Buffalo NEGRO VOTE as to the result of the Supreme Court decision on the Fifteenth (N. Y.) Express says : Amendment: "You should elaborate on this latter point and also call attention to the fact that having found it so easy to eliminate "It is folly to suppose that the decision the Negro vote, the southern politicians of the Supreme Court upholding the Fifteenth Amendment will have the have turned their attention to the white effect on the political situation in any State of the Union. In the boundless economy of time, history may record the name of a Negro Senator in Congress from Massachusetts, but there will be a Negro Senator from Massachusetts as soon as there is another Negro Senator from Mississippi." He then delivers himself of the genial philosophy of the Negro race: "It is the most docile of the races—the Negro. It enjoys the day. As a peasant class it is altogether admirable, and if the day of wrath comes, and capital and labor shall fly at each other's throats at the North, the man of property at the South may sleep in peace, for the Negro loves the southern white man and will be true to him to the end." We don't want to disturb anybody's nap but we venture to suggest that the before-mentioned southern white man would better do some of his sleeping with at least one eye open. We admit that some fire-eaters like the editor of voter, with the result that anywhere from 40 to 50 per cent, or more, of that vote is likewise disfranchised in the states of the 'southern South.' Mississippi, sional district in Chicago in which I am writing these lines. The education test does not apply to white voters in those states, so have been eliminated by making the payment of certain taxes a prerequisite for voting. Yo u could not do a better work than in pointing out the workings of these laws which have made of these southern states simply miserable oligarchies." If the proverbial proud southerner has really got it planted in his chest that this public is going to tolerate these ''miserable oligarchies" another twenty-five years then he has more faith in human ignorance than we have. IN FAR FIJI THE NEW R. S. W., writing in the New the Houston (Tex.) Chronicle use stentorian tones which sound like convictions : "Fanatics may howl, politicians rant, demagogues declaim, conventions enact platforms, Congress pass laws and courts enter decrees, but the fact remains that the blue-veined and white-skinned man is going to run and rule this end of this nation. He always has, he always will. He has never divided his dominion with any man, and he dark people half way around the world. We quote some parts: LEADER York Evening Post, gives a APOLOSI vivid account of the rise of race consciousness in another "Coincident with discussion in the Australian press of a report that after the war the Fiji group is to become a direct dependency of the Commonwealth has occurred references to Apolosi a remarkable native of the islands. As the white community in Fiji does not know for it." a great deal concerning him, Australia knows still less. The authorities at Suva never will and the sooner the Independent comes to know that fact, the better THE CRISIS 18 are becoming-somewhat uneasy over him, cern's composition was that the Fijians for he is an orator of no mean order, and as a people had not reached a point has a strong hold upon the native mind. which would make it safe to have Fijians Apolosi is the articulate voice of the preponderate on the board. But when Fijian people—a people with whom 'Fiji all was in running order it was disfor the Fijians' is becoming a motive. covered that Apolosi had been tricked; that all the directors were Europeans, sf« sfc S(E if * * and these whites would not even accept"Apolosi is a product of a missionary the money proffered by him for stock inschool, and is a carpenter by trade. He the company of which he was chiefly theis a plebian, which makes the fact of his author. rise and his power the more remarkable, for in Fiji prejudices and susceptibilities militate against caste feeling and tribal****** the democracy from which he sprang (Apolosi thereupon addressed his peoand to which he seems impartially to appeal, as and he has no hesitation in pro ple in part follows) : claiming himself as such. In appearance " ' A certain thing you people of Fiji he is not prepossessing. He is somewhat have heard of,' he said: 'y°u&gt; and the shorter in stature than the averagewhitehis businessforeheadpeopleis a littlehave heard of, too. Fijian; lower, the bridge of his nose is deeper set, and inThat is the Viti Company. In the early stead of possessing the melodious tones days our chiefs were foolish, but the which mark the speech of practically all white people who have come have taught Pacific islanders, his tongue is rather us many things. The Government has harsh. done well, but there is no move on the part of the people themselves. W e re main just as we started. I saw this thing, and I spent many weary nights ****** thinking what was to become of our race. Ah ! How many sleepless nights have 1 "About a twelvemonth coversApolosi'spublic career thus far. Thi spent dreaming what to do. reer began with rumors that he was stir" 'Sitting in this fine hall,' he con ring up the natives and was a menace to tinued, 'we do not think of the amount the peace of the colony. About the same of skill and brains used in erecting it. time the white population first heard of Surely, there is no reason why we should the Viti Company—Fiji being theEnglishcorruption of Viti —a concer not try to achieve greater things. I am was to be composed entirely of Fijians. trying to lift you from the slough of deApolosi was reputed to be the originator spond into which you have fallen. I of this project, and to be the collector would teach you to be better citizens.' of funds for it. That the ultimate end "Presently he made a forcible of use of this movement was 'Fiji for the Fijians' there seems to be little doubt, and the interrogative: 'Why am I not al probably some of the speeches made by lowed in the company? Why was the supporters of it were of the vehement man who did all the work brushed aside? sort generally associated with nationalist I got 8,000 people into the company and agitation. Back of the efforts toward now I am told to stand out. Why ? Can the incorporation of the Viti Company anybody in the audience say I have seem to have been the native resentment stolen your money ? Have I caused anyagainst the Indian coolies, by whom Fiji disturbance in these islands? Have I is being flooded, and jealousy of their tried to upset the good government of economic status. the country ?' " Q^J BUILDING AND LOAN ASSOCIATIONS N N In an address before the "Largely as the result of Apolosi's labors the Viti Company was launched. Y Y United States League ofThe directorate, it was decided, should be L s.S.L Building and LoanAssociations,Henr white, with two exceptions, and those portant, and what may prove to be an naturally should be natives. Apolosi is epoch-making speech. He said among credited with having a good business other things: head, but the general opinion among those who were charged with the con 19 OPINIONS "In an address which I made a short time ago before the Kentucky League of Building and Loan Associations, I called attention to the problem concerning the future of the Negro, in the solution of which I believe the building and loan idea could do more than any other institution. ****** "Let us consider for a minute the remarkable strides in progress made by the American Negroes, who form ten per cent of our population. The director of the Federal census, William J. Harris, recently issued a document showing the details of the development of the race. Among the facts enumerated are the phenomenal rate of increase of their attendance at schools and churches, and a marked decrease in the death rate. It is very gratifying to note that the homemaking instinct has increased among them, and that they are already becom this ratio had increased to 22.4 per cent In Virginia a creditable showing is made, with 41.3 per cent of self-ownership of Negro homes. "It has been shown that in the cities the infamous housing conditions of this race have brought about a far greater death rate than the general average. ****** "Undoubtedly here is a vast field for building and loan associations. Its successful cultivation would mean not only much-needed assistance to our colored neighbors, but also the elimination of many plague spots from our cities and the elevation of our citizenship. "I realize that the proposed task of widening the horizon of our movement is a complicated one, rendered all the more so by the fact that the pecuniary incentive is lacking. In any other field the promoter, actuated by selfish motives, would cover every inch of the ground. A s a matter of fact, the professional promoter is not a stranger to the building and loan movement, as we realize when we recall the so-called 'Nationals' of a decade ago and others of more recent date. We know that the activity of the promoter has always been harmful, if not disastrous, to the movement. The fact is that the fundamental idea of these institutions is incompatible with exploitation, formutuality, and on that alone is their success predicated. We must create an atmosphere along those lines among the Negro population in the cities if we hope to be an important factor in their betterment and general uplift and expect them to aid the growth of our movement by becoming shareholders Mr . Rosenthal, who American Building and course does not realize thei efforts have been made to keep the benefits from colored people. Where, as in Philadelphia, the colored people have once thoroughly mastered the idea themselves their work compares with any in the world. and depositors." is editor of the Loan News, of what persistent ing interested in building and loan associations. As it is there are a number of such organizations that are now successm fully conducted by Negroes. In the year THE AMERICAN MISSIONARY 1900, 20 per cent of the Negropopulationlived in homes they owned. In No considerations of religion, GOSPEL education, friendship orcommon OF HATE age North American white man from setting up hateful American color prejudice wherever he goes. L . C. Warner, writing from Porto Rico to the American Missionary, says: "When the Americans came to the island sixteen years ago, there was but very little color line, but now it is well estabished. It has probably been hastened by the presence of many officials from our southern states. Even the Y . M . C. A . has been compelled to recognize it, and the fine new building is only for white young men. I am not sure just how the native Porto Rican does count, but I presume if he is well dressed and educated, he would count for white. However, in San Juan, the Negro is much more in evidence than the Porto Rican. "The history of Porto Rico leads me to consider what would happen in Trinidad if the Americans were to take charge of that island and give to it the benefit of our boasted civilization. Instead of the four strong churches in Port of Spain, now attended by whites and blacks, and all worshipping together THE CRISIS amicably, we would have one or two council and all municipal and county weak white churches with a membership offices were closed. In connection with of 50 or 75 each, and the colored people the meeting of the National NegroBusiness would all worship in churches of their Post publishes some figures relative to own with colored preachers." the commercial progress of the Negro . .Now and Then, published in Honolulu, writes editorially:during the last fifteen years." "Honolulu ought to be free from race prejudice, but it isn't. So many people of so many different races are mingling here in active life that even a blind man would soon realize that every race produces noble men and women. I have never thought that I was superior to others because I happened to be born white. I can readily believe from knowledge and experience that there are many people of darker skins who are better than I. In this world and probably in the next it is neither race nor color that will count. Character is the only thing of enduring value. Make your character something that you can be proud of, and never mind your color. God made that and his stamp ought to guarantee it. If it suits him, no one else has any right to complain. ****** "The person who is not willing to grant the common rights of humanity to all, no matter what their race or color, is not a man himself, but a contemptible thing unworthy to walk on this earth and a long way from the road to Heaven. If you have any race prejudice, be a man and rid yourself of it. You can't be a man and think yourself better than others on account of race or color, anil usually the persons who make the most pretentions to superiority on this account have little else of which they can boast." Notwithstanding this the Churchman, of New York City, continues optimistic. "Despite 'lynching in the South, which is an expression ofis reason to believe that prejudice against the Negro is dying out. When the Negro We regret, however, that the Churchman Negro with a large "N. " We have accordingly edited the above copy. "Grapho," writing in theCongregationalist, effective. He insists "that the real white man under the burden of the world is not necessarily the man with the white skin, but the man with the white heart. There is a white man who blusters and boasts of his superiority, goes. There is a white man who beats down the weak and excuses his conquest and crimes on the ground that his is 'the paramount nation.' 'No doubt you have found,' said President Wilson in his speech to the naturalized citizens of Philadelphia, 'that justice in the United States goes only with a pure heart and right purpose, as it does everywhere else in the world.' That is the white nation, 'the nation,' as he added, 'so right that it does not need to convince others by force that it is right.' The other kind of white man is likely to make more burdens than he bears. His selfishness sends him forth looking for a people upon whom he can levy tribute, a people whom he can compel to bear his burdens. His superiority is a means of conquest, not of uplift." m COMPLAINT AND ANSWER OF CC O F Clarence Foe, editor of communitylawlessnessrather than Negro antagonism, ther E OO E the Progressive Farmer SS of North Carolina, who has been for yearsadvocating newspaper Exposition was held at Richmond,Virginia,a short time ago, the is growing dithyrambic in his appeal: of that city warmly supported the undertaking, urging white people to attend, "Let me repeat, therefore, that while and there were thousands of white visitas God knows my heart I believe in beingors. At the exposition in Chicago, where just to the Negro, I also believe—and the work of 2,000,000 Negro school here is the thought that I fear has never children was on exhibition, the opening-occurred to thousands of earnest, sinday was declared a holiday by the city cere, well meaning students of the problem—I also believe in being just to the laboring white man whose ancestors OPINIONS 21 through centuries of toil and aspiration if they could buy small farms on easy and discipline have wrought out the civilization which we enjoy—the civilization terms and not be treated as Negroes arc to which the Negro, moreover, owes the treated. Instead of framing laws to very peace, safety and prosperity he enkeep any class from owning land, we joys. should make it possible for greater numbers "And I tell you tonight, my friends, with all the earnestness of my soul, that present conditions in the South are not just to the laboring white man—that the working white farmer hasn't an equal chance with the Negro in the struggle for future control of the rural South. I tell you that while I know that here and mere individual Negroes are treated with injustice—hideous injustice that reacts to our own hurt—yet considered as a race the really disadvantaged and handicapped man in the South today is not the Negro." To this the editor of the Elizabeth City (N. C.) Independent makes answer which needs no elaboration : "It seems to me that a better way to increase the number of white land owners in the South, would be to make it possible for more white persons to own land in the South. It seems to me that this would be a better way than Dr. Poe's segregation scheme. If Dr. Poe gets a law passed in every state prohibiting the sale of land in white neighborhoods to Negroes, he will not have increased the number of white land owners, but he will have strengthened and fortified those land monopolists who are swiftly taking possession of the South. "Anything that tends to discourage the Negro land owner tends to throw that much more Negro wage labor into the open market. White tenants and white laborers are thereby forced into keener competition with the Negro. The big landowner deals with his white tenants and white laborers on a basis determined by the availability and cheapness of Negro labor. The more Negro day labor available, the harder the terms for the white tenant and laborer. "What the South needs is more small landowners regardless of nationality or color. There are millions of idle acres awaiting development, that will continue to wait so long as wealthy landowners wait upon cheap labor. There aretoo glad to come in and work these lands m THE STUDY OF THE NEGRO T T The New York Evening Post says: "There is but one means of determining thedegree is advancing in morals and manners. The census, tax-lists, and schools record progress in economic and educational directions. Nothing but the observation ot skilled inquirers can register conditions as to home life. Professor Hart, in 'The Southern South,' remarks the rarity of such investigation. 'How many white people in the city of Atlanta, for instance, have actually been inside the home of a prosperous, educated Negro? How many have actually sat over the fire of a one-room cabin? The southern whites, with few exceptions, teach no Negroes, attend no Negro church services, penetrate into no Negro society.' Only in recent years has there been a marked increase in the number of social studies of the Negro. Vanderbilt University has published severalmonographs; of the University of Mississippi, has compiled one of great value; while the new Phelps-Stokes Fund at the University is to give his time to study of the Negro. But the chief work has been that ofAtlanta ago issued its first volume on 'black life ; and has undertaken a series of decennial studies, initiated in 1903 with a comprehensive survey of 'Morals and Manners among American Negroes.' The second with a resume of the decade's progress, has just been published. * * * * * * "Such a survey as this is evidence of the concreteness of the goals towards which social leaders may work in the foreigners the of onlymillionsSouth. TheofNegroes havewho wouldtask be transforming their churches into a vital energetic agency; the whites have the THE 22 chief responsibility for the school. The vast variety of community conditions revealed points to the potential responsiveness of the Negro. Again and again the reader finds it stated that 'conditions would amaze any old resident who had been absent for four years,' that 'the improvement is so great that no comparison can be made.' " AESOP E E The revival of the question of the de scent of the author of Aesop's celebrated fables in Henry Holt &amp; Company's recent publication, "The Negro," has brought some interesting newspaper comment. One writer in the New York Sun says that Aesop was "of dark complexion with pendant lips." Another replies that his color was "not black" and his features "not ugly" because he had "a radiant mind!" Shades of Darwin ! A West African thereupon replies: "His physical characteristics, which have been minutely described by men who had seen him, are not physical characteristics of a man of any European race. 'Flat nose, pendant lips, crisp hair, large abdomen, a long head and dusky complexion' does not accurately describe a white man. That description is very nearly, if not quite, that given by lexicographers of the Negro. K K ****** "I should say that the early historians who wrote about Aesop were better informed as to what race he belonged to than these modern writers, some of like many of her kind, remained true to whom read history with their prejudices, and are unwilling to give credit where credit is due. Educated Africans have no doubt as to the race to which Aesop belonged. It is African pure and simple. If Aesop were in the flesh today he could easily pass for a Negro in the United States of America. And your correspondent, I fancy, would hesitate to entertain him socially." Mr. Arthur A. Schomburg writes further: "It is not 'necessary to turn to legend and romance.' A perusal of 'Torence's Comedies' made English by his life with Laurence Echard, 9th edition, London, 1841, says 'as for his person he was of a CRISIS middle stature, very slender and somewhat of a tawny complexion.' With Aesop having a dark complexion and Torence tawny it cannot be properly claimed today that these men born in Africa were white men, and the proof that they were must be more clearly established than that contained in the present editions of emasculated books whose writers have painted every man of distinction suspected of having African blood "If Prester John was white what will you do with the picture of Negroes shown in Ludolph's 'History of Aethiopia' printe and Abbas Gregorious who gave Ludolph are unquestionably Negroid. "Jose Maria Heredia, the king of sonnets was a white man but Severiano de Heredia, French government, was of Negroid descent and this is amply verified not only by LaRousse, encyclopaedia but by his family, some of whom still survive him. "Take, for instance, the case ofAlexander appears to have been born without a mother, yet Gertrude Atherton, in her 'Conquerer,' and in her article in the North American Review for August, 1902, upsets all precedents in romancing with the creation of a family connection and establishing beyond peradventure a fictitious mother for this great man whose real mother, as the saying goes to this day in Nevis, where he was born, was a beautiful octoroon woman who, Hamilton and lived as in the cloisters of a convent, so far as the outside world was concerned—alone." MISCELLANEOUS A CORRESPONDENT asked me • *• the other day if I had any doubt that the slow rate at which he succeeded in his particular work was because he was a colored man. M y answer is that I have very considerable doubt. I have known first class white men who for many dreary years have had to work here with little or no recognition and 23 OPINIONS who won it ultimately only by the slow dogged perseverance and ability that the case demanded. I have known colored men in the same box. On the other hand have known and know colored men who are as successful in their spheres almost at once as men could be and that right here. The fact is that some men allow themselves to be obsessed with the idea that because they are colored there is bound to be prejudice against them and then they, of course, see a duppy at every dildo bush. It is all the worse when they have been to the States. They come back imbued with the. idea more than ever and if they did not find slights they would look for them. They vent the spleen gathered in the land of the free on the heads of all and sundry well as gifts, goes right along pegging away just like the white man and by and by people have forgotten whether he is white, black, brown or variegated. He makes good and 'delivers the goods,' and that is all people here want. It is generally the inferior kind of man from whom one hears the perpetual bleat about his skin being a bar, etc. I am not implying, however, that my correspondent is of that class. I think that he has not done enough well-baked thinking and is a bit hyper-sensitive."— Jamaica (B. W. I.) Times. m ASSERT, and challenge successful * refutation, that nowhere on God's earth today is the lot of the black man more irksome and less enviable than in rather than the more liberal ones of the more enlightened ones. "I am not unaware of the existence in America (if a large number of well-meaning people among yours and my races who propose as a panacea for the ills of the Afro-American an African exodus because, foresooth, being the land of his people, a cordial welcome here awaits him and here he would,metaphorically, figtree.' Theoretically, this is beautiful, and the picture presents a most enchanting viewIt is most alluring and tempting. Nearer approach, however, will speedily dispel the illusion. The unprejudiced observer will readily admit that the treatment of the South African black man is daily becoming worse and the bogie of 'black peril' is set up only as an excuse for his here. The sensible and really able colored man who has a good disposition, as repression. fro "For an imaginary or no offense the American mob will rush at one poor helpless black man—aye, and woman, too, as has been oft done, and hurl him or her into eternity without any form of trial. Mais, ici nous avons change tout cela. One solitary white man, as in the case of Lewis of Buluwayo, or one frail white woman, armed with a revolver, is quite sufficient for and is the sole executor kindly disposed judge and a sympathetic and kindred jury is always at hand to acquit or to inflict a small fine in a case of unusual ferocity."—F. Z. S. Peregrino, Congressman Madden, published in the Buffalo (N. Y.) Express. m the land of his ancestors and his natural home, Africa, and in South Africa the aggravation of his miseries synchronized with the perfection of union. That union, which was heralded amid a blare ci joyful trumpetings and which to the white man meant the accession of strength and blessings which came in the wake of the amalgamation of forces, became to the black man a curse by the white man's determination that for the blacks there shall be a policy not of leveling up, but one of leveling down— i. e., the adoption of the most vicious and repressive measures which obtained in the worst of the erstwhile states, THERE are other cases where we can compare the Negro and the Englishman more exactly than in the case just mentioned. Take South Africa, "Europeans have been there only for two or three generations in any large numbers. They have gone from the highly stimulating climate of Western Europe to the moderately stimulating climate of South Africa. They find themselves face to face with the Zulus, and especially the Basutos, who within a few generations have come from the unstimulating regions nearer to the equator. Today we findtion. The Europeanstheir own. The blacks ing them out. The Europeans are not in danger in Cape Colony, but farther north it is an open question what will become of them. The blacks not only work more cheaply than is possible for the whites, but also more industriously. The result is that today about ten per cent of the white European population is reckoned as 'poor whites'—a shiftless set of people, living from hand to mouth, untrustworthy, and a danger to the whole community. . . . " A more striking case than that of South Africa is found in the Bahamas. . . . From the beginning the Bahamas have always suffered from 'hard luck.' Part of the luck is due to isolation and part to natural disasters, but lack of energy on the part of the people appears to be a still more important factor. I have talked about it with scores of persons, both islanders of the more intelligentthere for a term of years. Almost without exception they say, 'This climate is very beautiful and healthful, and we like it, but somehow we can't work as you people do in the States. Even in Florida it is better than it is here. Don't you believe it? Try living here a year or two, and you'll be as lazy as we are.' " —Professor Ellsworth Huntington in Popular Science Monthly. THE announcement that a Negro has enlisted in the Welsh Guards TH E CRISIS a critical situa arc not holding  are slowly push recalls the days when many of our regiments had black bandsmen. These were passengers with haughty condecension, first attached to the army in 1783, owing to one of the Guard's bands having refused in a body to play at an entertainment organized by the officers. A s none of the men was attested they could not be punished for insubordination, so the officers petitioned the Duke of York, then Commander-in-Chief, that bandsmen should in future be made subject to military law. The Duke would not agree engaging colored performers for allpercussion band of the Scots Guards included a Negro musician."—London Chronicle. m PLANS are being laid for the introduction of legislatio session of Congress which will provide for the limiting of the right of franchise. The real object of the bill is the simplification of the handling of the Negro Question throughout the country. It is hoped to make this the opening wedge for disfranchisement of most Negroes, the uneducated element of foreignextraction "There are several agencies in Washington working on the Negro problem. The more radical faction hopes to perfect a plan whereby all Negroes in America may be returned to Africa. Others are convinced that such a plan is entirely impracticable and refuse to sort and Europeans lived  havgive their support who have to the movement ing this objective."—Paul Wooten in New Orleans Times-Picayune. M THE first day's inquiry by theFederal closed interesting details about the wages of Pullman porters and the regulations of the company touching their relation to the public. It must seem rather like piling it on to insist that employes paid only. $27.50 a month must look pleasant, but since 'we can get all the men we want' at that rate perhaps the wearer of the uniform should perhaps consider himself lucky. The warning against treating the however, shows an intimate acquaintance with the service. Not less interesting is the revelation that porters are forbidden to quote the company's rules for refusing certain forbidden services, but are instructed to explain more euphoniously that such matters are out of their 'jurisdiction.' "The manager refused to say that the to this, but he brought over from Hanover for the Guards a complete German wages were estimated with the expecta military band, which included Negro players for the bass drum, cymbals, and triangles. Nearly every regiment in the service hastened to reorganize its band, tion that the traveling public would make up the deficiency but admitted that in practice a few more dollars were paid to less experienced porters on cars where there were less perquisites."—Pittsburgh Despatch. EDITORIAL WE COME OF AGE FIVE years ago this month the first number of THE CRISIS was issued. It was a very modest little edition consisting of one thousand copies with twenty pages each. The total cost was fifty dollars. This issue of TH E CRISIS consists of 35,000 copies of fifty-two THE CRISIS AND THE N. A. A. C. P. MUCH misapprehension has existed in the public mind as to the relation between TH E CRISIS and the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People. This ought not to exist for that relation is and always has been quite clear. The National Association pages each and will cost about twothousand dollars. Between these tw for the Advancement of Colored People history of struggle, of hope and fear, of apprehension and triumph. From the beginning TH E CRISIS has borne all of its expenses of publication and paid all salaries except that of the editor. Last year, when the stringency due to the war is the legal owner of TH E CRISIS and TH E CRISIS is its official organ. The circumstances, however, surrounding the founding of this magazine make certain explanations periodically necessary. Most people assume that a rich and powerful put the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People in serious association furnished the funds to difficulties, TH E CRISIS assumed half the salary of the editor who had hitherto been paid wholly by the Association. Today, on our Fifth Birthday, we are able to announce with some pride and with genuine satisfaction that at the beginning of our fiscal year, January 1, 1916, TH E CRISIS will become a self-supporting business institution, paying not only all expenses of publication but the full salary of the editor. This is no publish TH E CRISIS is a sort of subsidized organ which is independent of the ordinary commercial chances of a periodical. This is far from the truth. The National Association is not rich and has never expended a single cent for the publication fault of its own. It would have been glad to do so but it has had no funds for this purpose. It did, however, from the very beginning recognize that publicity was necessary for its propaganda ; publicity small accomplishment for thecomparatively short period of time and we have people in order that its work and ideals to thank first of all not ourselves, but might not he persistently misunderstood our readers in every state in this Union and misrepresented as was the case with and in the lands oversea. 'he Niagara Movement; publicity also among the general citizenship of the -'0 TH E CRISIS United States, in order that the cause question as to just what the establishment for which it was fighting might be look at this from two points: W e may known. ask what T HE C RISIS has cost if we For this purpose it appointed as one charge against it everything which if of its executive officers a Director of might fairly be asked to pay if it were Publicity and Research. When the Director entered his office September 1, considered simply as an independent 1910, he was faced by a baffling difficulty. He was receiving a salary but had business institution. Or, on the other practically no funds to expend for pub hand, we may ask what it has cost if we licity work because the Association had charge against it only such expenditure no funds. He sought publicity for a as the National Association for the Advancement cause which was markedly unpopular have made if T HE C RISIS had not exwith the white periodical press. He isted. For instance: T HE C RISIS was faced a colored press which did not for the first five months- published in the know or understand the objects and offices of the National Association and ideals of this Association and which paid no rent. A s a business institution could not afford to give it muchpublicity. What should be done? Th some portion of the rent should be must have an organ. The executive charged against it during this period; board of the Association assented to this but as a matter of fact the Association proposition provided such periodical did occupied no more room during this time not entail any expenditure of money on on account of T HE C RISIS than it would the part of the Association. This stipulation has been carefully kept. have occupied otherwise. Carrying out the calculation in this way we may say that as a business proposition T HE C RISIS has cost $12,000 but that on the other hand it has cost the National Asso ciation an actual expenditure of only m ' $9,000 for its establishment outside of THE COST OF THE CRISIS what it would have expended if T HE When the Director of Publicity C RISIS had not been founded. These issued THE CRISIS as a small part of his figures have been reached by charging to publicity work and as a method of publicity it T HE C RISIS such portion of the editor's salary as T HE C RISIS has successively taken of his time. During the last two was fair to charge his years the whole of his salary is charged salary to the Association and to require against T HE C RISIS as it has taken pracT HE C RISIS simply to pay expenses of tically all of his time. publication. But as T HE C RISIS became a larger and larger institution until it occupied the whole time of the Director of Publicity and left practically none of To this material and money cost must his time for the Association, except by be added the intangible but vastly way of advice, lectures and generalcommittee work, it was fair that th should be taken which will be taken more important spiritual cost. W e must January 1st and the whole salary of the not forget first of all the splendid and director charged to T HE C RISIS fund. unlimited sacrifice of the late Mary Dun-Meantime there conies the interesting lop McLean without whose initial aid T HE C RISIS would hardly have been possible; the disinterested friendship and advice of the late Robert N . Wood who 27 EDITORIAL did so much for the mechanical side of the magazine during the first three years of its life and whose interest in it never flagged. To these must be added the names of volunteer workers like Mary White Ovington, Maud Cuney flare, Martha Gruening and others. THE RESULT FOR this expenditure of love and effort and money we have today a established vehicle of news and thought to carry on the propaganda for equal rights in the United States and, to a degree, to inform, guide and entertain thousands of readers. We occupy today twelve hundred square feet of space on the fifth floor of one of the most convenient office buildings in New York City. We employ eight salaried workers not counting our force of seven hundred agents. It costs approximately ten dollars an hour for each working hour of the year to run T HE C RISIS; or, in other words, about $23,000.00 a year. W e have above all accumulated working capital under circumstances which the ordinary onlooker would not appreciate. The furniture, machines and appliances in our office today are carried on our books as worth $2,000, and as a matter of fact could not be duplicated for $3,000. In most businesses of this size this would represent invested capital ; but T HE C RISIS had no capital invested and it must from the beginning get its working materials and machines out of its income beside paying expenses. Since many of these appliances are absolutely necessary to accurate modern business methods this lack of capital has sorely oppressed us at times and it has put upon the editor and manager an amount of financial responsibility which has often been a serious burden. From the beginning the editor of T HE C RISIS has made himself personally responsible for every single debt which has been incurred, lie has used his own salary and borrowed money to tide it over difficulties and given his personal notes to meet emergencies. In not a single case has the Association or anybody connected with the Association, except the editor, assumed the slightest responsibility or risk or advanced a single cent. There is both precedent and moral right that legal ownership in whole or in part should rightly follow such financial risk. But not only has the editor refused to press this point in the slightest degree but he has even in one case yielded to an invasion of his rights which he did not and does not consider fair. Fie and the other officers of the Association beyond and above all questions of power, responsibility and money must be kept clear and high the great ideal of establishing in the United States a dignified and authoritative organ of public opinion which should stand for the fundamental principles of American democracy. This ideal has not been reached. It has scarcely been approximated but a foundation has been laid, solid and broad, and of the utmost promise. m THE FUTURE THE reaching of the stage of self-support by an institution likeTHECRISIS does not mean that the day of difficulty or even danger is passed. The present industrial andfinancialconditions in thi difficult to foresee the business future and to predict how long our income can be made to meet our expenditures without serious curtailment. We have, how TH E CRISIS ever, every encouragement beyond these general disturbed conditions. The portion of the colored people of the United States who are readers of T HE C RISIS is hut a small proportion of those who would read it if it were brought to their attention. Persistent pushing, then, of its circulation is going to bring great results. Our great goal of FIFT Y THOUSAN D subscribers and purchasers is one that we hope to see realized by April 1st, 1916. This is where you come in, Gentle Reader! If you will make yourself this minute a Committee of One to secure ON E new reader for T HE C RISIS we will have a circulation which will immediately bring us into the class of large magazines. We can then begin to secure a share of the national advertising; or to put it another way: The great businesses of the United States who are today appealing- to every part of the nation can be made to appeal to ten million colored people, to adapt their goods and selling methods to them, and to treat them with the respect that the purchasing public has a right to ask. Beyond and above this matter of self- In tone and method we have maintained and intend to maintain a certain forceful individuality. W e do not expect to suit everybody among our friends at all times. W e do expect to be sincere and to maintain our unerring way toward truth. M OUR PRIZE CONTEST » THEORETICALLY on e may look in various ways upon prize contests and undoubtedly this sort of thing has been done prett y thoroughly to death in most lines. Nevertheless, the limited concentrated effort to obtaincertain such small rewards or distinctions as stimulate generous rivalry without encouraging jealousy or envy,—this sort of effort is one of the most effective weapons which any organization can use. We have not used it much in the National Association and T HE C RISIS has never attempted it. This fall, however, we are making a special effort and it would seem that every single one of the fifty branches and locals of the Na tional Association ought to enter the con support comes the question of the magazine itself as a vehicle of thought and an inspirer of ideals and the organ of a great propaganda. It goes without saying that the magazine is far below the ideal and plan of its founder. Its condensation and classification of news and its digest of opinion have been fairly well developed although capable of intensive improvement. Its space, however, for the two great departments of serious essays and literature has been hitherto straitly, almost dishearteningly, curtailed. The magazine needs at least sixteen more pages and it could use a great many in addition. Some decided enlargement will undoubtedly follow within a year and we shall then become a more rounded and complete periodical. test. There is not one of them that could possibly fail to get at least one prize. Many, however, are deterred by the fear that as compared with their neighbors they might not make "a good showing.'' We sympathize with their modesty but the history of the world proves that the man who fails to try because he is afraid somebody else will do better has never succeeded in setting the world on fire at many places or many times. A strong, unselfish, adequate effort never brings cause for shame when compared with the efforts of others, even though the latter have brought greater results. W e have a kind of feeling that those branches who do not enter this contest will in the end EDITORIAL 	29 be conscious of much poorer showing than upon men. Consequently this man-than those who enter and bring small but ruled world faces an astonishingdilemma: definite results. doing the world's work successfully or not. If she is not doing it well why do M WOMA N SUFFRAGE 	we not take from her the necessity of working? If she is doing it well why THIS month 200,000 Negro not treat her as a worker with a voice voters will be called in the direction of work? upon to vote on the question of giving the right of suffrage to The statement that woman is weaker women. T HE C RISIS than man is sheer rot: It is the same sincerely trusts that everyone of them 	sort of thing that we hear about "darker will vote Yes. But T HE C RISIS would 	races" and "lower classes." Difference, not have them go to the polls without either physical or spiritual, does not having considered every side of thequestion.argue weakness or Intelligence inferiority. in That voting is the real support of democracy. For this average woman is spiritually different reason we publish with pleasure Dean from the average man is undoubtedly Kelly Miller's article against woman suffrage. Wejust trust true as our fact that the will as that the readers average give it careful attention and that they white man differs from the average will compare it with that marvelous Negro; but this is no reason for disfranchising symposium which we had the pleasure to It is inconceivable that any person looking upo publish in our August number.Meantime, Deanfield Miller will pardon us fo today in every of endeavor,realizing word in answer to his argument. 	astonishing prejudices which they face and yet seeing despite this that in government, and literature and the industries they are leading and dominating forces and growing grows,—it is inconceivable that any fair- Briefly put, Mr. Miller believes that minded person could for a moment talk the bearing and rearing of the young is about a "weaker" sex. The sex of a function which makes it practically impossible for women to take any largeJudith, Candace, Queen Elizabeth,Sojourner the merest incident of human function part in general, industrial and public affairs ; that women are weaker than men ; and not a mark of weakness and inthat women are adequately protected feriority. under man's suffrage; that no adequate results have appeared from woman suffrage and that office-holding by women is "risky." Al l these arguments sound today ancient. If we turn to easily available statistics we find that instead of the To say that men protect women	 with women of this country or of any other their votes is to overlook the flat testimonycountry being confined chiefly to child-there are millions of women who have no bearing they are as a matter of fact engaged and engaged successfully in practically natural men protectors: the unmarried, engaged. The actual work of the world the widowed, the deserted and those who today depends more largely upon	 women have married failures. To put this whole army incontinently out of court TH E CRISIS and leave them unprotected and without voice in political life is more than unjust, it is a crime. There was a day in the world when it was considered that by marriage a woman lost all her individuality as a human soul and simply became amuch a thinking, feeling, acting person after marriage as before. She has opinions and she has a right to have them and she has a right to express them. It is conceivable, of course, for aperson in that family should express its will. But by what possible process of rational thought can it be decided that the person to express that will should always be the male, whether he be genius British consul, subjecting him to many indignities. Italy has entered into war against the Ally of Turkey but, although her own vital interests and the salvation o f her Allies would seem to demand her participation in the attack upon the Dardanelles, Ital machine for making men. We have outgrown Ottoman Empire. Quite recently the governor of one of the most highly developed states of the country to decide that its unit ofrepresentation United States was forced to resort to martial law to protect his own life and that of his family at the hands of citizens who opposed one of his public acts. Failing the lynching states, the habitual lynchers of Georgia burned him in effigy and, despite or drunkard, imbecile or captain of industry? The meaning of the twentieth permanent exile. century is the freeing of the individual soul; the soul longest in slavery and still in the most disgusting and indefensible slavery is the soul of womanhood. God give her increased freedom this November ! Air. Miller is right in saying that the results from woman suffrage have as yet been small but the answer is obvious: the experiment has been small. As for the risks of allowing women to hold office: Are they nearly as great as the risks of allowing working men to hold Governor Slaton of Georgia was nearly imprisonment the death sentence of a man as to whose guilt of murder the governor claimed to have grave doubt, although this man had been convicted by the highest court in this great land. President Guillaume, of Haiti, was killed because he had ordered the execution without trial of more than one hundred men whose only crime was their alleged opposition to his governmental policies. Chief among the causes of opposition was President Guillaume's reputedly office loomed once in the eyes of theIntelligent Fearful ? favorable attitude toward American administration people found little assurance of his sincerity m of the fact that, not many years before, HAITIAN AND OTHER SAVAGES citizen Vilbrun Guillaume had been tried, convicted, and sentenced to a term in SHORTLY after thedeclaration 'of hostilitiesbetween Turkey and Great prison for fraudulent transactions with Britain the Turkishauthorities forcibly entered foreign banking interests. the Italian consulate somewhere in Arabia and removed the In view of the fact that a man who EDITORIAL 31 held a position of public trust in New overthrown Negro slavery and French York has just been executed for graft domination, gave men and arms and and murder, a fact which leads to the money to the destitute Bolivar and sent reasonable conjecturecrimes, it can hardlymorality and respectare special perquisites that others undiscovered and untried are guilty of like him on the expedition which ended in the be said that civic liberation of half of South America from  for law and order the Spanish yoke, a service which is tio  of the citizens of commemorated by the statue of Alexandre Pe the United States. As between the mob also aware that, until the interests of the in Georgia and the mob in Haiti, the United States seemed to dictate a change balance of provocation is certainly in ol policy, this country had taken no interest whateve favor of the slayers of Guillaume, especiallyhave yet to sincea the social of point to single attackers or Governo Slaton are not charged withintellectual benefit conferred upon the  thedegrading stimulus of the Vaudoux and Since Italy is not at war with Turkey, there is little ground for the fulminations of the American press about the Black Republic's affront to the flag of France and the duty of the" United States to secure redress therefor. It is perhaps beyond doubt that in the bushes of Haiti are many people as primitive as their African forebears, but to credit their superstitions to the people who control the destinies of first Latin American Republic by the great Anglo-Saxon nation of the North. Under these circumstances it is natural to expect that Haitians who courtoutside disinterested contact with the one country people—enjoy the fullest measure of liberty and fraternity with men of similar France nor England desires to possess the Mole St. Nicholas in order to dominate America knows that New York and San the second American republic is as ridiculousFrancisco, as to greater that wealth Indian cities say in the and  snake worshippers of the western deserts directed the actions most of Harvard American University, power than Latin states same offense. country th There are thousands of Haitians at home and abroad who are not grafting politicians, who know nothing about the Vaudoux, and who would welcome any effort looking towards a solution of the difficulties which have given rise to the longest period of unrest that even Haiti has ever known, beginning practically seven years ago and culminating in the tragedy of the last week in July. But no intelligent Latin American entertains any illusions about the purposes of the proponents of the Monroe Doctrine. Haitians are aware that the slave holding have each sent a mayor to jail for graft and that the largest state in the Union was barely satisfied with removing a governor from office for the "deserving democrats" for jobs in foreign countries not Tim, but the one who was sent to represent the American people in Santo Domingo by a government which prides itself on being the most high-minded, pacific, non-imperialistic which this American administration of Dominican United States was about the last important country to acknowledge TH E CRISIS customs has not proved a cure-all for while vociferously condemning German revolutions. The constant stream of atrocities and Haitian savagery, the American merchants, school teachers Haitians would sooner trust to the tender and office holders returning to the Kaiser and Kultur. J. C. United States from Puerto Rico in the summer has given an air of prosperity to that island, but has not stilled the cry of TO THE SECRETARY OF STATE woe of the peasant who bears the yoke MAY I venture earnestly to of the absentee landlord andcapitalist. Neither over Domingo richraise a question Santo the Puerto Rico is distinctively a black-action of ourgovernment in Hayti man's country. Can the Haitians accept unfortunately attended with equanimity the prospect of paying with bloodshed? I am the salary of some "deserving democrat" one of those who were never satisfied who may have come from the Texas that the Roosevelt administration had town where all the inhabitants turned any right to establish a financialprotectorate, out last to make a holiday spectaclein Domingo. am surprised month of the burning alive of a black man  Santo I that merely accused of murder? a Democratic administration should follow and seek to confirm another precedent of the same seriously questionablecharacter. Whatever may be the solution of had any constitutional sanction, even of Haiti's difficulties, it is certain that the a previous vote by the Senate. Neither people will not give their support to a has there been opportunity for suitable government which even thinks of selling discussion so as to determine the will of the Haitian's birthright of liberty, licentiousthe as it may be, It for the promise now of if people. looks as a  the mess of American pottage. To one who United States were not welcome to the sees the Black Republic with eyes other Haytian people. We are actually engaged than those of Spenser St. John and the in war with them compelling our incorrigibly negrophobe editors of some soldiers to lose their lives in subduing financial governmental  themselves of the American papers, foreign assistancethose in who doubtless and other seem to problems could best be assured by the to be defending their liberties. Is not formation of a commission comprising this course similar to German, or Russian, nationals of the European powers having which Empire has been arbitrarilyextended, interests in Haiti and, as a matter of either party in the transaction? Yo u courtesy rather than necessity, delegates know how easily 'in the case of proof the A. B. C. powers. If the United tectorates over uncivilized orhalf-civilized States could call into being such a commission and appoint a qualifiedrepresentative the conquest of Hayti? might be reached for the security of an orderly development of the Haitian people. But if they must accept enforced subjection to some foreign power, rather than submit to a nation controlled by a press which remains callous in the presence of horrors in Texas and Georgia "Yours with high respect "C HARLES F. D OLE." National Ass. for the Advancement of Colored People THE JIM CROW CAR 2. Reservations for coloredpassengers being dangerously overcrowded. SOME time ago the NationalAssociation for the Advancement of Colored People took up the question of Jim Crow 3. Sanitary conditions on colored cars with Mr. Louis Brandeis of theInterstate Commerce Commission coaches are indecent. The coaches are advised by him that the Commission generally filthy. In some cases there is would not consider a general statement but one toilet for both men and women of conditions but only specific cases of and that often in a foul condition. discrimination brought in proper legal 4. White officials (conductors and form. They would, however, review in brakemen) are often objectionable and conjunction with these cases, evidence insulting to colored passengers. They gathered by a reliable investigator. use the colored coach as dressing and lounging room and in some cases as a smoking' room. Since then the Association haspractically perfected a case which wil 5. "Butchers" or venders use the Jim described in later, issues of T HE C RISIS, Crow coach as a storeroom for their and is now prepared to publish the material collected by its investigator, Prof. cases of fruit, candy, cigars, soft drinks Montgomery Gregory of HowardUniversity who generously volunteered and magazines. They are frequently services. Prof. Gregory's itinerary in familiar and insulting in their manner to cluded Columbia and Sumter, S. C.; colored passengers. Augusta, Tennille, Savannah, Waycross, 6. White passengers have free access Columbus, L a Grange and Atlanta, Ga.; to the colored coach. They pass through Birmingham, Opelika, Tuskegee,Montgomery, Selma and Uniontown, Ala.; it at will, lounge in it, and in many cases Meriden, Miss.; New Orleans, La.; and smoke in the presence of women and Chattanooga, Tenn.; and hisinvestigations covered the following railroads: insult them. The Southern, Seaboard, Atlantic Coast 7. Accommodations for long-distance Line, Augusta Southern, Central of colored passengers are disgraceful. Georgia, Louisville and Nashville, Berths in Pullman cars cannot be secured Queen and Crescent, West Point, Alabama and Great Southern, and a number colored passenger must sit up all night of smaller lines. A full report of his in the unsanitary and uncomfortable Jim trip is now being prepared by Prof. Crow coach. He may not even wash his Gregory and will be published in succeeding issues of T HE C RISIS. He has face, for washing accommodations are summarized his report as follows : rarely found. If he is hungry he must starve for he cannot enter the diner or eat at the counters of railwayrestaurants. food there to take away and eat because there is no time to serve him as white folks must come first. The laws provide for equalaccommodations for the passengers of both races, These arc the conditions that the but the following conditions demonstrate colored man in this country is forced to that they are dead letters on the statute meet daily while he pays the same fare books: as the white man. None of the many 1. Accommodations are not equal. injustices inflicted upon the colored man The colored coaches are antiquated is as harsh and as cruel as that of the wooden cars which are often discarded Jim Crow car system. Other phases of white coaches. race prejudice and hostility he may evade TH E CRISIS other train carried its white passengers or patiently endure, but there is no escape from the humiliation and discomfort in a steel coach and its Negro patrons in and his family must travel and must in a coach of wood. When I commented traveling submit to conditions that are upon this to a gentleman from the West, galling to manhood and to decency,conditions that no self-respectin the he remarked: 'Well, decent, I guess it costs'people should endure. Everywhere the road more to kill a white man than a colored people are bitter in their protest nigger, and so it takes extra precautions against the accommodations and treatmentfor given them by the railways. us.' ****** "This unfair treatment of the Negro by common carriers is inexcusable. No Statutes of the states in providing for honest Southerner would countenance a separate accommodations also require white merchant's selling his Negrocustomer that these accommodations for both races which he supplied his white patrons with shall be equal and therefore theobjectionable features of the Jim Crow car a better article. Yet we allow our railways are illegal and can be corrected. with impunity." It is hoped that the publication of Prof. Gregory's articles will arousepublic sentiment against these that the Association will receive strong BRANCHES AND LOCALS support in its fight to secure what the laws allow—equal accommodations for Columbus: both races on the railways of the country. The Association would like to have This branch has been influential in aggravated cases of unfair or unjust securing the suspension of a police officer treatment on Jim Crow cars sent in the or excuse arrested Waldo and Harold form of affidavits to Prof. Montgomery Tyler, sons of Mr. Ralph W. Tyler, as Gregory in care of the N . A . A . C. P., they were returning to their home late at 70 Fifth Avenue, New York. night. The boys were taken to the city prison and detained until two in the morning. Complaint was made against the officer by the Branch and the boys In connection with ProfessorGregory's report we quote below in part were represented by Mr . Robert B. Barcus a southern white man says about the "Jim Crow" car. Professor W. O. Scroggs, of Louisiana University, in an At the exercises held in St. Paul's A . address delivered before the Southern M . E. Church to commemorateEmancipationSociological Congress at Atlanta in 1913 gave a stirring address tracing the historysaid : the country from the almost universal pro-slavery opinion of Pierce to the "Railways, however, while providing radical anti-slavery doctrine of Lincoln. separate accommodations, have not undertaken to make these equal for both He held out the hope that in time there races. A short time ago I made a journey which involved travel on local trains would be another radical change in publicover six different railway lines, and on would afford the Negro the right to only one of these did I find equalconveniences for white and black. On two enjoy full manhood rights and to work trains the whites were furnished with out his own salvation without let or hinmodern vestibuled coaches, while the drance. Negro coaches were of the antiquated open-platform pattern, very dingy and much less comfortable than the cars for whites. The rear half of one of these inferior coaches served as a smoking compartment for white men, while in the Des Moines: forward half Negro men and women, The third quarterly meeting of the smokers and non-smokers, were herded Des Moines Branch at the UnionCongregationaltogether, with a single toilet for all. Anin honor of the celebration of the fifty-third anniversary of the Emancipation Proclamation and of the recent decision N. A. A. C. P 35 of the Supreme Court on the grandNorthern California: father cases, and was also the occasion From a Northern California member of the launching of the membershipcampaign for the prize contest. comes the following news : Margaret Roberts read the Proclamation of September 22d, 1862, and addresses were delivered by Hon. Caspar Schenck and attorneys Rush and Woodson, each of whom spoke upon different phases of the death of the grandfather clause. One of the speakers in his address brought out the fact that the very language of The name "Jewel City" was given to the Panama-Pacific Exposition by Virginia Stephens years old. Mrs. Mary Church Terrell tells us "one might travel a long distance before meeting a girl with brighter eyes, a more intelligent, pleasant countenance and a more prepossessing personality." the membership campaign, announced that there would be meetings of his cap tains every Monday evening. District of Columbia: The District of Columbia Branch had hardly been back in harness when it scored two triumphs. In one case a temporaryemergency currency and federal reserve notes was dropped at the expiration of his appointment although several white men working in the same capacity but with lower averages were permanently appointed. Upon making inquiry the man was told by the acting director of his department that the other men had probably received their appointments because of greater experience, but the experience rating given by the Civil Service Commission at the time of his temporary-appointment to the man who was afterward dropped was one hundred pe During his appointment the man lost no time, took no leave and worked generally on night shifts. The case was taken up by the President of the District of Columbia Branch with the Director of the Bureau of Engraving and Printing with the result that the man has been certified for permanent appointment. The other case was that of a young woman whose permanent appointment had been long delayed apparently without a satisfactory reason. A s soon as the matter was brought to the attention the Court in the Oklahoma case was anticipated by Attorney Brown in his thesis for his degree of Master of Arts thirteen The Oakland Enquirer said editorially: "To years ago. Mr. Brown is the President ginia Stephens, belongs the honor of of the Branch. Musical numbers were having first suggested the title that has contributed by Miss Frederick and Mr. been chosen as most appropriatelyexpressingGriffith. Mr . Graves, the manager of submitted." employed skilled helper who had been of the Director of the Bureau of Engraving and Printing by Mr. Grimke she received her appointment. MISS VIRGINIA STEPHENS TH E CRISIS The San Francisco Call and Pott ways. In this connection special mention says: "The young school girl of Oakland. Miss Virginia Stephens, who first should be made of the Rev. J. W . Lowe, suggested 'Jewel City' as the pet name for the fair has great reason to be proud of her faculty for striking a popular note and for seizing on the word which to the world becomes obviously the right one." We regret to say that when it was discovered that Miss Stephens had colored blood there was a sudden silence on the part of the Dress and the only recognition ever given her was a season ticket to the grounds. St. Louis: The real estate group that is working for a segregation ordinance have found an effective ally in the photo-play, "The Birth of a Nation." In order to exhibit this play in St. Louis the producers had to secure an injunction restraining the order of the city authorities forbidding its production. Representatives of the real estate men stand at the doors of the theatre as the audience fileby them under the name of "The Home Rev. George Stevens. Rev. B. F. Abbott, and Rev. F. F. Martin. The Women's Auxiliary of the Finance Committee of the Branch has commenced co-operation with Miss Johnson have secured contribute. m WE go to press too early to include * ' more than the mention of a report just received from Mr. Wilson describing the valuable work being done by our Boston Branch which has recently published a pamphlet entitled "Fighting a Vicious Film" which it is distributing broadcast throughout the country. The pamphlet includes letters, speeches and evidence used in the protest the Branch made against the film "The Birth of a Nation." In the next issue will also be outdistributing copies of a weekly which is publishe included a description of the action of the Ohio Board of Censors in prohibiting Defender" and which purports "to disseminate truth in defense of St. Louis don correspondent that it is soon to be Homes." In contrast to this publication is a pamphlet by the Rev. George E. Stevens, pastor of the Central Baptist Church, called "Negro Segregation, a Measure to Assassinate a Race." which has the endorsement of ten thousand colored citizens. Since the segregation issue was first raised the N. A. A. C. P. has been actively at work. One of its field agents. Miss Kathryn M . Johnson, has been in St. Louis for some time. During September over five thousand people have been reached through meetings which Miss Johnson addressed and which were held in the following churches: Lane Tabernacle. Metropolitan A. M. E. Zion, St. Paul's Chapel. Central Baptist, First shown in England. M ON October 18th Miss Nernev, Secretary start on a trip through the Middle West which will include the following cities in the order indicated: Columbus,Spring and Cleveland, Ohio. Baptist. Union Memorial, and McPheeter's Presbyterian; also at the Sumne High School, Booker T. Washington Theatre, and the Young Women's Christian Association. The ministers of the city have been generous in devoting part of their morning and evening services to speakers from the Branch and have assisted in the work in many other THE MEDAL PRESENTED MR. HAMMOND ( See page 13) THE RISK OF WOMAN SUFFRAGE By KELLY MILLER THE August number of T HE C RISIS A contained an interesting symposium on woman suffrage. The symposium was unusual, in that it involved only one side of a disputed issue. The contributors represent some of the ablest and most thoughtful names among us. They presented, presumably, the best possible putting of the cause espoused. The public, however, should not be misled to suppose She is far superior to man in purely personal plausible pleas of the propagandists, I am wholly unable to seeany genuine advantagebeing. an Suffrage is not a natural right, like life wherein the experiment of woman suffrage promises and liberty. The common sense of mankind to social well-possession, attainment and moral character. It through which to secure the best result of government, and to make secure life, liberty and happiness to all. It cannot be maintained that woman is deprived of any of these objects under male suffrage. It is inconceivable that man wouldlegis are dearer to him than life itself, and The human race is dividedhorizontally by age, vertically by sex and diagonally who, he knows, must fall back upon his from the minor to the adult stage in strong arm for protection, whether they course of a life time: the cleavage of be given the suffrage or not. race is subject to indefinite modification through environment and intermingling of blood; but sex is the one fixed and unalterable separatrix of mankind. The function of sex in human economy is clearly defined and well understood. The bearing and rearing of the young constitute the chief duty and responsibility of the female, and this task absorbs her highest energies during the most energetic period of her life. The family constitutes the fundamenta Woman's sphere of activity falls mainly The historical hardships and legaldisabilitieswithin while man's field of action lies so bitterly were incidental imperfections largely without the domestic circle. This of social development. Most of these represents the traditional and, presumably, the ideal relation between the sexes. have already been swept away, as all of It has the sanction of divine authority them are bound to be, by man's growing and the test of human experience. sense of justice and fair play. Woman suffrage could not possibly enhance the harmoniousness of this relationship, but suffrage it. Woman is physically weaker than man and is incapable of competing with him in the stern and strenuous activities of public and practical life. In the final analysis, politics is a game of force, in which no weakling may expect to be assigned a conspicuous role. As part of her equipment for motherhood, finer feelings and a more highlyemotional close to her by ties of blood or bonds of endearment. But by the universal law of compensation, she loses in extension what is gained in intensity. She lacks the sharp sense of public justice and the common good, if they seem to run counter Female suffrage has been tried in twelve states of the Union, but so far no genuine public benefit has resulted therefrom, nor has the lot of woman been ameliorated more rapidly than in other states under exclusive male suffrage. There may be some argument forwidows and hopeless spinsters, but such status is not contemplated as a normal social relation. Women as voters would undoubtedly stand against the purely masculine vices such as drunkenness and the social evil, but they can be equally or even more TH E CRISIS efficacious through non-political influence. her not only every privilege which he  additionalprivilege himself enjoys but the The logical sequence of suffrage is office-holding. Female suffrage will never reach its full fruition until fully one-half of all public offices, legislative, judicial and executive, local and national, are filled by women. Is the public mind ready for this risky innovation? It is alleged that Negro suffrage and woman suffrage rest on the same basis. But on close analysis it is found that there is scarcely any common ground between them. The female sex does not form a class separate and distinct from the male sex in the sense that the Negro forms a class separate and distinct from the whites. Experience and reason both alike show that no race is good enough to govern another without that other's The fundamental defect in the propaganda fact that instead of confining its effort to the improvement of woman's lot along the line of her obvious sphere and function her privilege and opportunities being artificially identical with those of man. It is amusing to note that women are to be allowed to vote at twenty-one merely because men are accorded the privilege at that age; whereas according to their physical and mental developments, the sexes have a different order of maturity. If the strictly physiological andpsychological twenty-one, female suffrage should be placed at eighteen. If man should be a mustache, some woman woulddoubtless consent. On the other hand both experience and reason demonstrate that the male seeks the welfare and happiness of the female even above his own interest. The Negro can not get justice or fair treatment without the suffrage. Woman Male and female created li e them; can make no such claim, for man accords what God has made different man strives in vain to make identical. GLIMPSES OF BRAZIL By R. W. MERGUSON Brazil occupies about one-half the land area of South America. It is larger than the United States without Alaska and is the third largest country in the world, Russia and China alone being larger. Most of its land lies in the southern hemisphere. So vast is itsof tropical forests, and so inadequate arc its transportation facilities, that it remains today the one country about From the Guianas on the north to the Republic of Uruguay on the south is a distance of nearly four thousand miles. Practically all of South America lies east of North America. Should one travel directly south from Chicago and territory, so dense its thousands of league continue his journey as far south as the latitude of Rio Janeiro, the capital of Brazil, he would be in the Pacific Ocean a thousand miles from the west degrees which least is known. The upper Amazon basin, in the states of Amazones and coast of South America and Rio Janeiro Matto Grosso, stales larger than empires, has hardly as yet been trod by the would lie two thousand five hundred foot of civilized man. Al l the countries of miles east. Europe, except Russia, could be placed within its borders and still there would With its territory covering fortybe sufficient territory left to accommodate a portion of the United States. varieties of climate. The general yet erroneous opinion is that as a whole it has only a tropical climate. This is not so. Near the equator and up the Amazon Valley the climate is oppressive, rainfall GLIMPSES OF BRAZIL THE POLICE PARADING BEFORE is abundant and the vegetation the most luxuriant to be found anywhere on the globe. In this humid, sultry climate in the Amazon forests, is the home of the rubber tree. Farther to the south the climate becomes more agreeable and salubrious. In the southern states of Rio Grande do Sul and Santa Catharina the climate is temperate, somewhat like our own southern states. Rio Janeiro is situated just in the THE CITY HALL, RIO JANEIRO and the tall majestic palms piercing the skies, and every where a riot of color, make a picture of surpassing beauty. By far the larger proportion, about ninety-five per cent of its 350,000 people 250,000 people is next. Bahia has three times as many Negroes as Washington, D. C , which has something like 100,000, and there are more Negroes in this city than in any other city in the world. There are also many Negroes in Rio tropics. It occupies about the same relativeJaneiro but the racial mixture position there is so  of south the Havana, Cuba, does north. Themaximum temperature at Rio never general and thorough that it is difficult one hundred degrees fahrenheit. The to state with any degree of accuracy the nights are always cool and comfortable, exact number. infusion clean, well paved streets, houses in bright tremendous, that for more than a hundred miles from shore its waters have this being due to the sea breezes which blow shoreward each evening. Brazil has the greatest river system in the world. The Amazon with itstimes larger than France. This mighty pulsating artery is some four thousand miles long. The volume of water which it carries is so great, and the force so not mingled with the blue waters of the Atlantic. The most brilliant and gay plumaged birds in the world are found near this river. The oldest city in the new worldBahia. The approach from the seathis city of 350,000 inhabitants is is  to Bahia was the slave center of South America, where thousands and hundreds of thousands of African slaves have been landed since the sixteenth century. The thosands of tributaries drains a territory six Bahian Negro of today is similar to the American Negro, but with a larger Bahia is a city of contrasts. The upper town is the most beautiful of cities, with colors, with roofs of pink and sides in various shades. Its parks, plazas and theatres are inviting and agreeable. The domes and spires of its scores of churches stand in bold relief against the azure sky. No other city of its size in the world can boast of more churches. In a climate like this, where vegetation  impressive : the dark green tropical foliag is so profuse, each dwelling has its own " miniature park with trees and flowers, 40 THE CRISIS making a most beautiful tropical home. glimpse of the great racial mixture In these homes there is always present which is in process of evolution. The an atmosphere of refinement, culture Indian element is predominant in most and hospitality. The Brazilian makes of the South American Republics, least you welcome, he endeavors to please and so, however, in the Argentine Republic. to that end no inconvenience is too great The Negro element is greatest in Brazil. if it will serve the traveler to havepleasant the to reminiscences the Pacific there of Brazil is  and from Atlantic no color prejudice. It is well to remember three races, viz., Portuguese, Negro and Indian. The early Portuguese settlers, The lower city on the other hand not bringing wives with them, readilyintermingledreeks in filth and disease. There seems sprang into existence a large andincreasing to be no thought given to sanitarymeasures. On all sides is seen refuse pile and with them unions resulted with the in heaps, in all stages of decomposition Portuguese and Indians and thus another elemen and the fumes permeate the air with the world. The mixture is so general many foul odors. Other contrasts in the and diffused that color ostracism does city are everywhere apparent: some of not exist. In fact, it cannot exist. the fairest and loveliest people one would wish to look upon, and also some of the most ungainly and ugly. Here are the fabulously rich and the miserably poor. Intelligence and ignorance, refinement and vulgarity are present, for Brazil is a country where aristocracy of wealth is all powerful and predominant. Although the thermometer registered one hundred degrees in the shade the lower town presented a scene of great commercial activity.- It is the commercial center of Bahia. Hundreds of natives were busily engaged in loading and discharging cargoes of dozens of ships at their moorings. Rambling mule-drawn carts full of sugar-cane formed a continual procession. Bahia is one of the largest exporting cities of Brazil. Its chief exports are hides, sugar, tobacco, cotton and diamonds. Although the output of diamonds from the Kimberley mines in South Africa is greater, the largest, most brilliant and valuable stones come from the state of Bahia. They are mined principally by Negroes. How polite these people arc ! InSenor or No Senor with a suavity and polish which seem to be inbred. Their thanks for your purchases are effusive Some of the finest people are these colored Brazilians. They are fully acquainted wit in the United States. They know of the lynchings, "Jim Crow" legislation and the wanton disrespect for law and order that are so prevalent here in the States. These forms of injustice a Brazilian will readily tell you he cannot conceive of existing in his country. Never in Brazil will American prejudices, hatreds and the doctrine of inferiority of races become implanted ! First, the Brazilian is a Brazilian. It chafes him to be taken for a Spaniard or a member of some other race. Whether he be black or white, in answer other designation. From his emphasis and tone you could judge that he was rightly proud of his country. How could answer to your questions it is always a man be otherwise when the government under which he lives gives him and appreciative. This is a characteristic trait of the Brazilian! He is polite. every opportunity, encouragement and A more courteous, quiet and well behaved people could hardly be found. assistance to achievement and recognizes him as a man possessing the samefeelings, other? The approach to Rio Janeiro on a It is in Bahia that one first gets a clear day presents a panorama which GLIMPSES OF for picturesque beauty cannot be duplicated"Sugar Loaf" is a solid bare rock juttingthe air. The beautiful villas dotting the shore, the surrounding mountains and the waving palms lend their charm and beauty to adorn this, the wonder city. The bay is set with numerous islands blossoming in tropical verdure, like BRAZIL 41 the world over. The majestic  from the sea a thousand feet into rare gems set in a background oftorquoise. Steaming into the bay passes several forts equipped with the latest guns and manned by Negroes. With the aid of binoculars dozens of them can be seen in their brightuniforms, promenading the parapets The founding of Rio dates back from the middle of the sixteenth century. Today it has a population of 1,100,000 composed principally of Portuguese, Negroes, Indians and their varying degrees of mixtures. Itsingle out any one predominating type, such is the heterogeneity of thepopulation. What aher inhabitants! There is anindiscriminate interminglingbrown, yellow and dozens of other hues and variations. In Pernambuco and  is impossible to kaleidoscope of color  of white, black, Bahia nearly every one is black but going south toward the temperate zone they become fewer in numbers and almost disappear in the southern states. Blacks are not very numerous in Rio BRAZILIAN SAILORS ON THE WHARF, RIO but the majority of the people have at JANEIRO least a tinge of Negro blood coursing through their veins. Even in the upper proachfully called, is not at all liked or classes this same blood is there, many of welcomed. them appearing like mulattoes,quadroons and octoroons. The speciou argument that such racial intermixtures For the ambitious and intelligentcolored bring into existence a hybrid both mentally and physically inferior to either of expansion and growth, for an atmosphere the parent stock has no foundation here. endless varieties and forms of race prejudice There are no signs of this deterioration it might be well to turn his attention in anywhere in Brazil. the direction of Brazil. For the man without capital, the inducements are not alluring. Farcapital, or if woman seeks inducements. teachers and line do well. fees are paid Of all the countries in South America sentiment of Brazil is the one best disposed towards their support the United States. Although the sentiment is not pro-American it is not the people for those of such men. Thecolored from it. But if he has a professional man or  an unrestricted andwelcome  Doctors, dentists, lawyers,  professional men in any Living is high but high for services. The warm educated strictly anti-American. Their attitude is one more of indifference. In the other countries, and especially in Argentine, the sentiment is strongly anti-American. The Yankee, or gringo, as he is re 42 THE surgery, has an unlimited field; likewise the dentist. Al l that one gets in Rio he pays for, and many times he pays for things he does not get. On the whole the cost of living will approximate three times that of the cost here in the United States. The average working man earns from three to six milreis a day, that is a dollar to two dollars. Policemen, conductors and firemen receive about the same pay. Most all these men are colored. From the lowest strata to the highest the colored man is represented. In all walks of life he is present. CRISIS his party. These thousands of men composing navy were mostly Negroes. Whites and blacks were mixed indiscriminately to gether in the different divisions. There were, however, a few companiescomposed 200,000 of the Rio population present and this assemblage was unstinted in its praise, and cheers and shouts of acclamation. Thei soldiers of the leading nations. They were not tramps and ragamuffins as some pictures I have seen would indicate. Their equipment was of the latest and most improved type. As for their bravery and valor, it suffices to say that these virtues have been demonstrated many times in the different wars in In all parts of Brazil there is an appalling mass of illiteracy. About 75 per which Brazil has participated. cent of the people are illiterate. Schools are few and the training received in them is slight and wholly inadequate to fit the student for the practical affairs of every From Rio to Santos, the greatest day life. In the school administration, coffee port in the world, is a voyage of as well as in other branches of thegovernment, system and method are woefully about twenty hours on one of the coast send your child to school and with these line steamers. lax school laws it is easy to see what From Santos to Sao Paulo takes two degree of interest a large proportion of hours. Leaving Santos the grade of the illiterate parents, having little thought or Sierra do Ma r mountains is steep and ainterest for the future, will manifest for large part of the way cables are used in their children. Each state has its own making the ascent. A t every station school laws and primary instruction there was a brilliantly uniformed soldier, comes within its jurisdiction.University training, however, is under Federa control. In the whole of Brazil there are not more than 10,000 public schools. There is as yet no university. The fighting force of Brazil, army and navy, is composed largely of men of color. In the United States we would say Negroes. Brazil's navy today has three super-dreadnoughts: the "Rio Janeiro" of 27,500 tons displacement, which cost about $15,000,000, the "Sao Paulo" and "Minas Geraes" of 21,000 tons. The navy consists of some thirty-six vessels composed of cruisers, torpedo Sao Paulo is one of the mostcosmopolitan boats, gunboats, submarines anddestroyers. Almost the entire crews of these super-dreadnoughts, dreadnoughts and other fighting craft are Negroes. The national holiday is celebrated the 7th of September. On one such occasion witnessed the grand review of 20,000 Brazilian soldiers and sailors. Their line extended for more than eight miles and it required two hours for them to pass the reviewing stand of the president and and he was always a man of color. The Italian immigration to this state has been heavy and today Italians form the larger percentage of the new-comers. There are at least a million of them here. They come poor but by their frugality andexcessive able to amass much wealth in the growing city what rubber is to the Acre territory, and tobacco is to Bahia; it is the very life and revenue of the state. Many Negroes are employed on these coffee fazendas as pickers but they are not so numerous as a little farther north in the slate of Minas Geraes. the meeting place of east, west, north and south and all upon a plane of equality. representatives from Africa, Turkey, Arabia, India, China, Japan, and in fact from all quarters of the globe. There is hardly another place in the world where so many different races may be found, living peacefully together, without racial hatreds and animosities, working out GLIMPSES their common destiny. It is in truth the exemplification of Christian teachings. As to a man's social standing in Brazil, 43 OF BRAZIL little thought of the morrow. He lives in the direst poverty, the darkestignorance cannot send his children to school for the federal and state governments do not Here we have a white class and a black provide adequate facilities forinstruction. class. In Brazil is a rich class and a than three per cent of the population are poor class, and it is almost as impossible able to attend. for the poor illiterate to become rich there as it is here for black to become white. Most of the Negroes belong to All the large manufacturing concerns in the poor class. Indiscriminate commingling and intermarriage with the color has no weight. Wealth alone determines the sphere in which he moves. Rio Janeiro, gas, electric light and street whites goes on continually in this class. railways are owned and operated by They associate together, eat together, foreigners. The largest stores are also live together, attend the same schools, run by them. In other parts of the Republicchurches and places of amusement". operated with their capital. Higher in the social scale the Negrobecomes fewer in number, hi out, and finally, for all that we can tell Wise leadership and direction must from external appearances, disappears. eventually come from the native Brazilian tha American writers have said that the line resplendent and crowned with glorious was drawn and the Negro, therefore, excluded because he was a Negro achievement. It was with the deepest I was there I saw evidences of Negro blood in all circles from the highest to the lowest. If a man, white or black, is absent from any class it is because he has not the essential requirements to belong to that class, and the desideratum in Brazil is money and not color. Many Negroes have won renown in the arts and professions. In medicine, law, music and journalism they have won distinction and fame. The highest offices in the land today are filled by men of color. In the business field, however, he is not so well represented. Many enterprises arenot be so considered. The condition of the country Negroes is one not to be envied. Their life is very primitive and not far removed in development from the native African. Their houses are adobe huts, poorly constructed, with roofs of tile. The bare ground serves as a floor and there are no windows. Each dwelling is surroundedorange trees. The Negro's pay is small when he does work and he is forced to lead a wretched existence. Often he is shiftless, working spasmodically, and with no thought of the future. The climate is bounteous in supplying him with his few wants and he needs have regret that we bade farewell to this great continent of the south. Memories most cherished will long linger of our cordial welcome and pleasant sojourn in Brazil where for once, at least, in our lives we were Men and treated as such. colore operated by men who appear by its clump of banana or ENTRANCE TO THE BOTANICAL GARDEN. RIO JANEIRO THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Where Your Money Goes When you pay your life insurance premium have you ever thought about where it goes or what it does ? Few of us have ever had the technical knowledge to understand how an insurance premium is computed. Not everybody' knows that the net premium of EVER Y legal reserve life insurance company is based on the same figures. Your premium is divided into three parts : (1) Reserve, to take care of future liabilities ; (2) Mortality, to take care of present death claims, and (3)	 Loading, to provide for the expenses of conducting the business such as agents' commissions, medical examination, clerk hire, printing, salaries, rent, etc. STANDAR D LIF E is the only legal reserve life insurance company that gives back to the race 100% of every dollar it pays. Do you get my point ? In other companies, your premium, subdivided as above, returns to you in only TWO ways, namely, RESERVE and .MORTALITY. In STANDARD LIFE you get the same protection under a reserve system identical with every other legal reserve company; you get prompt payment of claims, and you get the LOADING , in that practically even' dollar we spend in conducting this business goes back into the pockets of the race. There are at present nearly one hundred people earning all or a part of their subsistence from their work with STANDAR D LIF E to whom in 1914 we paid in salaries and commissions more than Twenty-Five Thousand Dollars. To nearly one hundred and fifty colored physicians we paid over Eight Thousand Dollars for medical examination fees. We paid in death claims nearly Nine Thousand Dollars the day the claims were filed. Almost all of our printing is done by colored printers; we buy our office supplies from a colored stationer; our branch offices are rented from colored landlords; our money is largely deposited in six strong and well managed colored banks; in fact, we are seeking to build up a solid and substantial •progressive race enterprise, and while doing it we are trying to lift as we climb and help to build others with us. We are today turning more money back into the hands of the race than any similar organization in existence. Does this program appeal to you? Do you want to help develop a strong-financial institution that is organized, operated and conducted on scientific principles and along lines that have made Millions for white people, and that has for its object the financial emancipation of the race? Do you want to encourage an institution that, if properly supported, can within the next five years absorb into its active service almost every capable young man and woman of the race at salaries they can get nowhere else? Do you want safety first—the absolute protection of your loved ones under a contract of insurance backed by the same amount of bonds deposited by the biggest white companies for your protection? Do you want to do your duty to your family, to your children and your children's children? If you can answer these four questions in the affirmative, then we appeal to you for your support. We say to you it is your duty to show by your works the truth that is in you and no matter where you live to carry a policy of some size, from $250.00 to $5,000.00. in STANDAR D LIFE . Please Now don't delay, but write us while the spirit is on you, and don't stop particular. until the policy is in your hands. — STANDARD LIFE INSURANCE CO. Amount * 200 Auburn Avenue, ATLANTA , GEORGIA Sex Age	 Capital Fully Paid -- $100,000.00 Weight	 Over One Million and a Half Insurance in Force Occupation	 Issues Policies from $250.09 to $5,000.00 Name Address	 HEM A N E. PERRY, President (C. Nov, 1915.)	 HARR Y H. PACE, Secretary Mention TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Atlanta University Studies of the Negro Problems 18 Monograph. Sold Separately Address ATLANTA UNIVERSITY CONFERENCE ATLANTA UNIVERSITY a ATLANTA. GA. The Curse of Race Prejudice By James F. Morton, Jr., A. M. A n aggressive exposure by an Anglo-Saxon champion of equal rights. Startling facts and crushing arguments. Fascinating reading. A necessity for clear understanding and up-to-date propaganda. Belongs in the library of every friend of social justice. Price 25 cents. Send order to JAMES F. MORTON, JR. 211 West 138th Street New York, N. Y. "GLEANINGS FROM DIXIE-LAND" Ten poems by EFFIE T. BATTLE, A.M. "Mrs. Battle has an individual gift of melody." —Springfield Republican. "You owe it to your race to publish your poems in book form."—Editor, Southwestern Christian Advocate. "Verses are smooth, graceful, high-minded and clear, reverent to all truth, appreciative of all beauty and true inspiration."—George W . Cable. PRICE 25 CENTS. ADDRESS: OKOLONA INDUSTRIAL SCHOOL, Okolona, Miss. $25.00 PER WEEK may be made in commissions by parties handling "History of Negro Soldiers in Spanish-American War" combined with "History of the Negro Race." 400 pages, 50 illustrations. Price $1.25 net. Address: E. A. JOHNSON 154 Nassau Street NEW YORK The Negro in American History by JOHN W. CROMWELL Secretary American Negro Academy 296 pp., 35 chapters, 17 full page illustrations, full index and bibliography Price, $1.25; by mail, $1.40 Liberal commission to agents. Address: J. W. CROMWELL 1439 Swann Street Washington, D. C WANTED : Position as stenographer by young man with excellent references. Willing, painstaking; moderate salary. "H. F. V." R. F. D. 6, Box 25-A, Taylor, Texas. Something New! Startling! YOU ARE THE ONE Who Will Receive The Largest Mail TheMostOpportunitiea of Agencies, Positions; Be Your Own Boss; Offers Mail Order Propositions, etc. IN YOUR TOWN The Buy Sell and Exchange Directory goes to thousands of manufacturers, dealers, mail order men, publishers, who will send you FREE samples of magazines, papers, propositions, catalogues, packages, circulars, etc., etc. You Will Get u Wonderful Mail! 5.000.00O More Names Wanted at Once! Send 25c. to help pay the cost of stereotyping your name and address, which will be inserted and you will receive all of above with very valuable information worth hundreds of dollars and a FREE copy of "Buy, Sell &amp; Exchange," containing your name. Business is Better; Get Your Share of the Good Things. Address. "BUY SELL &amp; EXCHANGE" The Magazine That Interests Everybody. Dept. 70-H. P. 0. Box 5240. Boston, Mass., U.S.A. Ad Rates 3c per word. "Thousands Read it** OF INTEREST TO VOCALISTS "Tone-Placing and Voice Development" With Supplementary Co-ordinating with Original Chapters Any one desiring a vocal course at a minimum cost, this book supplies a long felt want. Points explained, viz.: Breath in singing, position when practising or singing, parts of the vocal apparatus, how to practice, good rules for singing. Endorsed by well known professional people, musical publications and critics. PRICE $1.00 Address, Publisher, Pedro T. Tinsley, 6448 Drexel Ave., Chicago, III., or Claton F. Summy, 64 E. Van Buren St., or Lyon &amp; Healy, Adams and Wabash Aves., Chicago, 111. COLON HYGIENE A New Book, fully illustrated, nearly 400 pages, by Dr. J. H . KELLOGG Superintendent Battle Creek Sanitarium Describes causes and results of chronic constipation and new and successful methods of home treatment. Any reader of this magazine may, by sending $2. secure the book for examination with privilege of return in two days for refund. Send order to— GOOD HEALTH PUBLISHING CO., 9411 W. Main St., Battle Creek, Michigan. YOUNG'S BOOK EXCHANGE (George Young) Novel Souvenir Post Cards Colored Authors and Books on Race Problems a Specialty. 135 W. 135th Street New York City Mention TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER THE NEGRO AND HIS PROBLEMS New catalogue on request. For twenty years the Neale publications have been famous throughout the civilized world. Among them are books of history, biography, reminiscence, science, essays, politics, travel, fiction, poetry, religion, juvenile,' and pure literature. To this great library of literature important works frequently are being added. Our new catalogue will be sent postpaid on request. She Trod," "Where Animals Talk," "In an Elephant The Facts of Reconstruction. By JOHN R. LYNCH . Corral, and Other Tales of West African Experi Fourth Thousand. In his "Autobiography of Seventy years," the late Senator George F. Hoar ences," and "My Ogowe." One of his more importantMassachusetts says: "Perhaps, on the whole, the ablest Benga language of West Equatorial Africa. But by of the colored men who served with me in Congress far his greatest achievement in literature, and the was John R . Lynch of Mississippi." Lynch was made culmination of his varied literary activities, is this temporary chairman of the Republican National Convolume, "M y Ogowe," which the publishers hold tovention of 1SS4, and presided over that convention be the most important work of the sort yet published. during the whole of the first day and a part of the It comprises more than 700 pages of text and 50 full-second. He was nominated as temporary chairman page illustrations. Large octavo. $3.25 by mail. by Henry Cabot Lodge, and his nomination was sec onded by Theodore Roosevelt and George William Curtis. After his term in Congress, Lynch served as Fourth Auditor of the Treasury. In this his first The Black Man's Burden. By WILLIA M H . HOLTZ book, written with extraordinary force and with unCLAW . Principal of the Utica Normal and Industrial usual clarity, he boldly justifies Reconstruction. $1.65 Institute for the Training of Colored Young Men and by mail. Young Women, Utica, Miss. With an introduction by Booker T. Washington. Illustrated. Third Thou sand. $1.60 by mail. Chicago Tribune: "This book is perhaps the most important contribution which has been made by any Rochester Democrat and Chronicle: "In both subpolitical writer during recent years to the political ject and literary treatment Mr, Holtzclaw's book is a literature of the reconstruction era." monument to his race." Boston Globe: "A n interesting contribution to the New Orleans Times-Picayune: "It is an interesthistory of American politics." ing study in Negro achievement and should be an inspiration to the young men and the young women of Racial Adjustments in the Methodist Episcopal that race." Church. By JOHN H. REED. D.D., K.C. With an introduction by Adna B. Leonard, D.D., LL.D. Boston Herald: "The book will stir the sympa $1.60 by mail. thetic emotions of its readers as his story stirred Bostonians when he told it here several years ago. Christian Recorder, Philadelphia: "The author is The story of this devoted young man is of intense an American Negro who has spent eight years in interest, not only as an account of great accomplishLiberia under the missionary society of the M. E. ment despite apparently overwhelming obstacles and Church. The book comes in at this time with more repeated discouragements, but as giving a close view than ordinary interest, for during this year most of of the character of the colored people of the far the lay colleges and conferences of the M. E. Church South, their shortcomings, their inherent virtues, and will discuss the subject of racial adjustment, espe their ambitions." cially that relating to Bishops for races and languages. The book is filled with splendid idealism, and preTroy Record: "Mr. Holtzclaw is one of those sents a fine argument, which in this day of comprosplendid Negro leaders upon whom the hope of his mises for the present exigencies may not be heeded." race depends." My Ogowe. By ROBERT HA M ILL NASSAU, M.D., Redder Blood. By WILLIAM M. ASHBY. The Negro S.f.D. For forty-five years a resident of Africa, in America has produced but little imaginative work pioneer and explorer, Dr. Nassau has contributed other than poetry. H e has told his story by other largely to both science and literature. While in mediums, which seemed to him, perhaps, better than Africa he sent large ethnological collections to the fiction. Whether right or wrong in this view, unUniversity of Pennsylvania and to Princeton, and doubtedly the time is now ripe for Negro prose ficwas the first to send a carcass of a gorilla to the tion, by Negroes, to be written in the English lanUnited States, and he supplied the only perfect goguage, and not the jargon known as Negro dialect. rilla brains to be examined by anatomists up to 1891. Mr. Ashby, a Yale man, is a Negro, and "Redder He is a member of various scientific bodies, includBlood" is a novel of his race, and of the present ing the Archeological Society of the University of time. Moreover, it is a story told for the sake of Pennsylvania, the National Geographical Society, the the story, and is not a treatise under disguise. The Pennsylvania Society of Scientific Research. Among novel is one of great merit, as a novel, and there his published works are "Crowned in Palmland," are situations in it that reach the acme of legitimate "Mawedo," "Fetishism in West Africa," "The Path dramatic intensity. $1.00 by mail. Wm. E. Chancellor, Ph. D., author of "The United States," in ten volumes; formerly lecturer in Johns Hopkins University and in the University of Chicago": formerly Superintendent of Public Schools in the District of Columbia- "The Neale Publishing Company today represents high-water mark in America for its historical works. Upon its list are to be found the best books upon each and every side of the common issues of our public life. Such is the authority of the list considered a? an entirety as to lend lustre to each separate title, creating a presump r tion in its favor." Order through THE NEALE PUBLISHING CO.,440ForthAvenueNewYorkCity or THE CRISIS,70thFifthAvenue Mention TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER A7 THE NEGRO AND HIS PROBLEMS A prominent southern white educator in a letter to the publishers says: "Your policy of absolute fairness with regard to the Negro question, along with your sympathy for the South, make me wish to co-operate with you as far as possible." Says a prominent western colored educator to the publishers: "I am deeply impressed with the justice of your house. I seeyour great work in behalf of the Negro Negro Culture in West Africa. By GEORGE W. ELLIS, K.C., F.R.G.S.; recently, and for eight years, Secretary of the United States Legation in Liberia; author of "Liberia in the Political Psychology of West Africa," "Islam As a Factor in West African Culture," "Dynamic Factors in the Liberian Situation," and other works. Profusely illustrated. $2.15 by mail. Pittsburgh Sun: "In this thorough study of Negro social conditions in Africa lies a revelation for those to whom the African Negro has meant only the savage. Here is revealed a social system, a religious tradition, a craftsmanship, and, most astonishing of all, a written language other than primitive. Especially interesting are the maxims and the fables translated from the Va i tongue, with their picturesque simplicity and ingenious wisdom." Boston Transcript: "In this study Mr. Ellis has given us an excellent and valuable contribution to the history of the Negro race." DR. ROBERT E. PARK in the Chicago Tribune: "In an introduction which he has written to Mr . Ellis's volume, Prof. Starr, who is an authority on West Africa, describes the Vai as 'a vigorous," energetic, enterprising' people, and he adds that 'no people of the west coast of Africa can better be taken as typical and showing what the African can do, either when left to himself, or affected by outside influences.' This defines the peculiar interest of this volume. It tells us what a minute and isolated Negro people have done with the slight cultural resources that were at their command." The Negro Races: Vol. II. East and South Africans, with a Full Account of the Slave Trade. By JEROME DOWD. This is the second volume of Professor Dowd's series entitled "The Negro Races," and is devoted to the Negroes of both East and South Africa, with a full account of the slave trade. The first volume of the series, "West Africans," was published several years ago. The third volume, "The Negroes of America," is now in the course of preparation. Professor Dowd, who is at the head of the Department of Sociology and Economics, University of Oklahoma, perhaps is the highest authority on the aspects of the Negro races of which he writes. O f the first volume Professor W. I. Thomas, of the University of Chicago, said: "I am greatly pleased with it. I think you have gone at the matter in an admirable fashion." Said Professor T. F. Jameson, Director, Carnegie Institute: "I can see especially the need of such systematic accounts of the sociology of the African." Professor Paul S. Reinsch, of the University of Wisconsin, wrote: "I have read it with great interest." The nrice of each volume of the series is $2.50; by mail, $2.65. often, and he never tires of speaking of  in literature." Race Adjustment: Essays on the Negro in America. By KELLY MILLEH, Dean of the College of Arts and Sciences and Professor of Mathematics, Howard University. Third edition. $2.15 by mail. Dallas News: "The author is a cultured man, a forceful and most pleasing writer, interesting from the first sentence of the first chapter to the close of the book." Chicago News: "The book is written with great ability, in English quite free from fault, and its logic is fairly inexorable. New York Evening Post: "As admirable for its calmness and good temper as for its thoroughness and skill." Independent: "There is no book which more fully and correctly represents the wishes and demands for equal recognition in civil and political rights than this volume." Out of the House of Bondage. By KELL Y MILLER, Dean of the College of Arts and Sciences, Howard University. $1.65 by mail. Boston Transcript: "Written in a clear and decisive style, with a comprehensive and convincing command of the subject. He neither denounces nor condemns; he analyzes and constructs possibilities upon the fundamental basis of human nature. No man of his race has so sure a power of pruning the fallacies with passionless intellectual severity from the pernicious arguments of the prejudiced demagogues." Detroit Times: "Kelly Miller has the soul of an artist and an idealist. We cannot but be carried away with a splendid fervor for our Negro brother after reading Prof. Miller's book. It is as big as all outdoors and aims at a readjustment on the highest principles." New Orleans Times-Picayune: "Those who are interested in the study of the Negro cannot ignore this volume. With many of its conclusions we can by no means agree, but it points in favor of a revised judgment on certain questions connected with the position or achievements of his race." Race Orthodoxy in the South. By THOMAS PEARCE BAILF.Y. For many years Professor Bailey has studied southern social problems, particularly with respect to the relations of the Caucasian and the Negro races. He has held professorships in the University of California, the University of Chicago, and the University of Mississippi, and he now holds a professorship in the University of the South. Although a southerner, now engaged in educational work in the South, he has lived ten years in the North, and he has studied the Negro and his problems of every section of the United States. $2.15 by mail. Gen. Randolph K. Evans, U. S. A., Commanding the Department of the East, with headquarters at Governor's Island: "I appreciate the value of your work for American literature in general, and especially what you have done as a military missionary in publishing books, which many other publishers would have rejected, with a view to increasing military comprehension among our people,—an important part of governmental knowledge in regard to which a great majority of our people sit in outer darkness and blissful ignorance." Order through THE NEALE PUBLISHING CO., 440 Forth Avenue New York City or THE CRISIS, 70th Fifth Avenue New York City Mention TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER N. E. Corner Free • • • M REGALIA A Race Enterprise Manufacturing Badges, Banners and Supplies for all Fraternal and Church Societies. Catalog upon request. CENTRAL REGALIA CC Jos. L. Jones. Pres.  8th and Plum Streets, Cincinnati, Obi To Every Woman who writes, one copy of "Ladies Cyclopedia of Health and  ^™ Beauty.*' This book contain* in formation indispensable to every woman; on every subject women are most interested in. Tells how to cultivate health and beauty, what to use and how to use it. LOUIS MCCREARY 1312 Far nam Street Omaha, Neb. Start a Mail Order Business and Make Money You can operate in your own home during spare time. The parcel post has opened up the doors of opportunity to YOU . Others are making $20 to $500 a week. Why can't you? By our method you can start with $5 and up. We offer you thirty live, money-making mail order plans. You can make 95 cents profit of every dollar order. W e furnish circulars, ,printed matter and place your advertising at lowest rates. Send 10 cents for complete outfit. Do it today—Now! MAIL DEALERS WHOLESALE HOUSE 517 Dearborn Street Chicago, Hi The new efficiency era calls TEACHERS for the modern way of selecting teachers, through a live agency that furnishes the connecting medium in a business way, saves time (EVANSArtPianos) and Players at / I Wholesale 30 Days Free Trial Direct from mv factory to you .'!'&lt;• introduce our Profit-Sharing Plan, weofn ronemeach locality at the rock-bottom, wholesale price—putting $200 In Your Pocket Artistic designs, exclusive features scienti fically built, producing wonderful tonal etlects— the Acme of Perfection. , ,. _. .... UNLIMITED GUARANTEE backed by Three Mil lion Capital. FREIGHT CHARGES ALLOWED. Easy payments—no interest—no extras. Stool and Scarf—TwoYe ors' n - pjj K™ Course Piano Instructions Uttfcfc Write Today, Be the First • Story &amp; Clark Piano fo.,D&amp;?£a£^fi: The Poems of Phillis Wheatley the early Negro poetess collected by RICHARD R. WRIGHT, JR., and CHARLOTTE CROGMAN WRIGHT of school officials, relieves teachers of the embarrassment of job hunting and covers the whole country. We have had calls for teachers from Alabama, Arkansas, Delaware, District of Columbia, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky, Maryland, Mississippi, Missouri, North Carolina, Oklahoma, Rhode Island, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia and West Virginia. Our list of teachers covers even a wider territory. THE MUTUAL TEACHERS' AGENCY 1403 New York Avenue Washington, D . C. THE NATIONAL TEACHERS' AGENCY Through us school authorities, without expense or delay, get into communication with the strongest and most carefully investigated teachers in all lines. Teachers who seek positions or advancement should register with us and avail themselves of our expert service. Prompt and courteous attention to correspondence. B. F. BOWLES, MANAGER, 2739 CONVERSE AVENUE FAST ST. LOUIS, III. SOUTHERN COLORED and arranged in an attractive volume suitable for a Xmas gift. Price, One Dollar TH E CRISIS 70 Fifth Avenue :; :: :: New York H. GEO. DAVENPORT TEACHERS' AGENCY Formerly TEXAS COLORED TEACHERS' AGENCY 1025 Boll Street, DALLAS, TEXAS Recommends teachers to Colleges, Universities, School Boards and School Authorities. Write for information. R. O. GOTHARD , Manager Mention TH E CRISIS TH E CRISIS ADVERTISER $60 A WEEKANDTHISFREEAUTOMOBILE I OFFE R this Big Money and a FRE E Automobile to one hustling Representative in each county in the U. S. This is not a contest. Every agent can get a FRE E Automobile and $60.00 a week. You don't need experience. 1 want you to advertise, sell and appoint sub-agents for the Robinson Folding Bath Tub. It s a whirlwind seller. Solves the bathing problem. No plumbing. no waterworks needed. Full length baths in any room. Folds in small roll. Won't leak. Seli-cmpiying. Ten-year Guarantee. Rivals $100 bath room. Never such a big seller; never such a big money-maker. Never such a liberal offer as this. Think ! $60.00 a Week and FREE Automobile. Sell 2 Tubs Daily—Make $300.00 Monthly It's easy. You can do it. J. H . Brown. N. J sayB : "14 calls, Mfalw. How' 8 that?" ($70 profit). K. C. McCartney. Mich., says: "Sold 5 lull in 15 hours." Exclusive Territory. 100°; Profit. t $J5 profit.) "Sold 6 Irom noon to niyht,*' fays J. A . Hcmbd. S. O . ($30 profit* Ned Bolles ot Idaho, sold tt first afternoon. ($40 profit) H M Velzy N D sold Bached by 10 10 in 3 days. I$50 profit). W . A . Gloecldcr, S. D. . sold I I in 3 days. ($55 pro 60. A . K. F.ngle. Mnnt., got I I orders in 2 1-2 days. (Addresses furnished on re Year Gold Bond Guarantee quest). You can do as well as these , men. You can se 1 2 a day. That means $b(J a week, clean profit, and a big, speedy Touring Car Free. Little capital needed. 1 frant credit to deserving men. Furnish you with i Demonslraling I ub, on liberal plan. You can't lose. 70".. of the homes have no bath-room. The y need the Kobinson Tub. Just show tub; take order. Quick sales and immense profits. This is YOU K chance. Don't d-lay. Get busy. Write to-Tu b and FREF . Automobile offer. day for Demonstrating Demonstrating THE ROBINSON CABINET MFG. CO. Tub Furnished H. S. Robinson, Pres.. 1595 Factories Budding. Toledo. 0. $100.00 PRIZE Given to the agent selling the largest number of "The A . E. C. of Color" over 1,500. This book is different from anything before the public. It is illustrated thruout with pictures of Negro children. No family will refuse a copy. Retail price 15c. Liberal commission to agents. Eighteen other cash prizes ranging from $50.00 down to $5.00 will be given. These prizes do not come under the 1,500 sales as required for the $100.00 prize. Contest closes December 31, 1915. In case of a tie, all contestants thus tied will receive the same stated prize. Address 0. A. PIERCE &amp; CO., 224 W. Frambes Ave.. Columbus, 0. WANTED Agents for TH E CRISIS. Dignified work. 70 Fifth Avenue, New York- Make$35toS65aweek showingthisgreatTailor-Book. t Goodeeomuchfinerand prices t RO much lower, everyone seea" the difference at a glance. Special Offer To prove our unequalled quality, we will let you order at the wholesale price, a Sample Sui t or even a pair of pants as low a-11.25 —and not xtraoharceseven for the biggest pet; top styles. Von can nnw make mare quick momy and hi&gt;7 your own fine tailored clothes cheaper tlnn you ever trniiKntpoBriihl©. We prepay the charjreB on evury onlcr ami don't keep a cant of anyeuatomer'arnnnry unlesa ho is Well pl&lt; uti-d. I.-r DM I you thu nriemimplo outfit anil Hhow ymi how to take thi&gt; must perfnet rauaauree for the linaet tailoring ou thumurkuU Write ua today. The Chicago Tailors9 Association Dept* 332* Van Buren and Market Sts., CHICAGO What better Christmas Gift ,„ TH E CRISIS? And you may announce the same on our attractive CHRISTMAS CARD. SPECIAL OFFER * ^ A year's subscription to TH E CRISIS will be given to anyone sending in at one time five paid-up yearly subscriptions to TH E CRISIS. The offer holds good until midnight of December 31, 1915. Mention TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Let Me Start You in the Mail- Order Business $25 a Week For Your Spare Time $40 to $75 Weekly For Your Entire Time That is the money you should make in the mailorder business. I want an ambitious man in your community to act as my Branch Manager, and build up a successful, prosperous mail-order business, just as I have. I will help you to do it, show you how fortunes are made in this fascinating business, and supply you with everything needed to start. No Experience Needed. I Show You How. You need no experience to become my Branch Manager. I want honest men of determination who are ambitious to succeed, and I will teach such men all they need to know to handle the business successfully. If you are one of the thousands of slaves to the pay-check, grinding away the best years of your life for some other man's profit, let me show you how to embark in a business that should free you forever from this grinding, body-wracking wage slavery. Let me show you the way to financial independence and happiness. A few dollars start you. Then by putting your profits each week back into the business you should grow rapidly. I show you how to make a start with just a few dollars and the postman should soon wear a path to your door laden with letters, orders, and moneyed mail. Yen Need No Office. Your Own Home Will Do. The beauty of it all is, you need no office, no expensive office equipment. You don't even need to quit your regular job; just work in your own home, evenings, spare time, etc. Let your wife, sister, mother or relatives help you. Yo u need no outside help. Think of it! A chance to build up a big, successful, mail-order business right at home in your spare time. Isn't that great? Isn't that wonderful? RISE, GO ON AND UP! The road is clear. A glorious future summons you to the battle of betterment. Dare on, you whose souls are bruised with past defeats. Twist your frown into a smile, because fortune awaits you NOW . Let me show you how to B E more, D O more, HAV E more in this life. Don't be a WISHER and a HOPER and a HESITATOR, held down by foolish doubts and empty fears. Don't be timid, clinging with a drowning man's grasp to your slender salary, just because you think moneymaking is a mystery that you can never learn. I will do my level best to put you on the quick road to independence and show you how to get a look-in at luxury and happiness. Don't be a boss-scared, job-hugging, wage-cowed slave; stop doing the dull drudge lock-step to and from work. Let me set off the skyrocket of your ambition NOW . Pardon my plain talk, but plain talk, like the arnica you put on a burn, stings like blazes but goes straight to the spot. Plain talk stings good men to action; prods their pride and puts them on the primrose pathway to prosperity. Make Profit. For Yourself —Not For Others. Start Now. Write me at once and begin pulling out of the wage rut. No reason why you cannot have people everywhere remitting money to you while you sit in your home or office, gathering in BIG PROFITS. Mine is the ideal proposition for Aspiring Success Seekers and Aspiring Money Makers. You should quickly become a daily bank depositor and see your profits pile up and bring you all those wonderful, "long-wanted, wished-for luxuries of life, which will give you priceless independence and enable you to bid your pay-check pals good-bye forever. Remember I supply everything you need to start, including my $10 Correspondence Instruction Course which I furnish you FREE . WRIT E me, as you value your future success, NOW ! Allan C. Butler, 406 Factories Bldg., Toledo, Ohio COLORED AGENTS WANTED Libera) commission; a postal brings particulars. THE PATRICK-LEE REALTY CO. Dept., O. 2743 Welton Street. Denver. Colo. WANTED Agents for THE CRISIS. Dignified work. 70 Fifth Avenue. New York. LEGAL DIRECTORY • . .. . (Central 104-W T Telephones: jMai n 61 HARRY E. DAVIS ATTORNEY-AT-LAW NOTARY PUBLIC 1607 Williamson Building Cleveland, Ohio Office L. D. Telephone 3297 Market Residence L. D. Telephone 5277-M Market GEORGE A. DOUGLAS Counsellor -AT-LAW Rooms 613-614, Metropolitan Building 113 Market St., Cor. Washington, Newark, N . J. General Practice Notary Public WILLIAM R. MORRIS ATTORNEY AND COUNSELLOR-AT-LAW 1020 Metropolitan Life Building Minneapolis Minn. BROWN S. SMITH ATTORNEY-AT-LAW Offices: Suite 802 Sykes" Block Near Third and Hennepin Minneapolis Minn. GEORGE W. MITCHELL ATTORNEY-AT-LAW 908 Walnut Street Philadelphia Pa. Tel. 5437 Fort Hill Cable Address, Epben EDGAR P. BENJAMIN ATTORNEY AND COUNSELLOR-AT-LAW 34 School Street Boston, Mass. Telephone Connection W. Ashbie Hawkins George W. F. McMechen HAWKINS &amp; McMECHEN ATTORNEYS-AT-LAW 21 East Saratoga Street Baltimore, Md. PERSONAL CARDS Telephone 5277 Morningside DR. GERTRUDE E. CURTIS SURGEON DENTIST 188 W . 135th Street New York City J. E. ORMES ACCOUNTANT Audita Systems Business information by mail. Open for engagements July and August Box 25, Wilberforce University Wilberforce, O. AGENTS WANTED FOR W. T. McKissick &amp; Co's. FAMOUS 90 DAYS TREATMENTS No. 1, No. 2 and No. 3 For Scalp, Hair and Skin P. O. Box 102, WILMINGTON. DEL. Mention T H E CRISIS A New Book by Dr. Du Bois THE NEGRO By W. E. BURGHARDT DU BOIS, author of "Souls of Black Folk," "Quest of the Silver Fleece," "Select Bibliography of the Negro American," etc. This is the authentic romance of the black man. It is a history of him at once scholarly, earnest and eloquent. He is considered from the earliest times, and the thread of his fascinating story is followed in Africa, America, and wherever else it has appeared. To look at the Negro against the background of his history is to see him in a light fairer than that in which most Americans have seen him. 256 Pages—3 Maps—Cloth Bound At the low price of 50 cents net—By mail 56 cents Dr. Du Bois's new book is the latest addition to a remarkable series of low-priced new books with which everybody should become acquainted. These books may be obtained from The CRISIS, 70 Fifth Avenue, New York TH E HOM E UNIVERSITY LIBRARY It made up of new books by leading authorities. The editors are Professors GILBERT MURRAY, H. A. L. FISHER, W. T. BREWSTER and J. ARTHUR THOMSON. Cloth bound, good paper, clear type, 256 pages per I"* f \ — • volume. Each complete and sold separately -- Ov/v^« 1161 " A growing wonder of enterprise and sound judgment. Each volume, entirely new, is furnished by an acknowledged expert; is brief enough and plain enough to be readable or even fascinating, scientific enough to be a condensed authority —and at the nominal price of 50 cents."—Hartford Courant. SOME SELECTED EARLIER VOLUMES: EVOLUTION By J. A. Thomson LATIN AMERICA By W. R. Shepherd THE FRENCH REVOLUTION VICTORIAN LITERATURE By Hilaire Belloc By G. K. Chesterton ROME By W. Warde Fowler GERMANY OF TODAY PROBLEMS OF PHILOSOPHY By Charles Tower By Bertrand Russell EURIPIDES AND HIS AGE NAPOLEON By H. A. L. Fisher By Gilbert Murray THE CIVIL WAR By F. L. Paxson UNEMPLOYMENT By A. C. Pigou 94 volumes now ready. Send for a list 34 W. 33d STREET HENRY HOLT AND COMPANY NEW YORK Mention TH E CRISIS Attention, Masons! A New Book of Interest to You Prince Hall and His Followers A carefully argued defense of the legitimacy of Negro Masonry in the United States, with notes and documents, by GEORGE W. CRAWFORD, 32° A graduate of Tuskegee, Talladega and Vale, formerly clerk of the Probate Court of New Haven and now a practicing lawyer there. Mr. Crawford is one of the best informed Masons in the country. COMMENTS From James F. Rikards, 33°, Most Puissant Sovereign Grand Commander, A. &amp; A . Scottish Rite: " 'Prince Hall and His Followers,' written by a scholarly A fro-American, presents to the Masonic world a treatise on the legitimacy of Negro Masonry that should be in the hands of every Mason seeking for Truth. The information contained in the chapter devoted to Prince Hall is alone worth to the young Mason the price of the book. Brother Crawford's easy and pleasing style creates in the reader a desire to complete the volume before putting the book out of his hands." From Henry A. Spencer, 33°, Grand Master and Grand Commander of Knights Templar of New York : "The book fills a long-felt want among intelligent Masons of our Race. To know that we are right, and to substantiate that fact by intelligent research and logical statements, is worth more to us than what the other fellow may say. This is what Brother Crawford's book does; and it should be in the hands of every Mason of our Race." From Jose H. Sherwood, 33°, Past Grand Master of Minnesota and Deputy Imperial Potentate of Shriners: "A very strong brief, setting forth plainly the legitimacy of Prince Hall Masonry, and, as well, a stern call to all Negroes to assume full pride in the happy possession of a Rite which can show such clear proofs of its contentions." From William H . Grimshaw, 33°, Past Grand Master of the District of Columbia and author of " A History of Colored Freemasonry" : "I have read with great pleasure 'Prince Hall and His Followers.' The book is well written, containing clear and convincing diction. The impartial accuracy with which the facts are marshalled makes the book a very valuable asset to Masons." Price One Dollar. Postage Extra. ORDER NOW AGENTS WANTED 70 Fifth Avenue New York