The Crisis The New Year Crisis January 1916 fa fa PUBLISHER'S CHAT fa fa The CRISIS Calendar for 19! 6 is a small encyclopedia of the Negro race, with all the facts you want and can never find. Twenty-five cents. Order now for the edition is limited. Is it a New Year's Gift to a friend ? Why not make it a year's subscription to The CRISIS ? The subscription is One Dollar per year. Our pretty holiday card announcing the gift will be sent for the asking. The February CRISIS will be New Orleans Number and it will be unusually well worth reading. H Selected List of Books These prices do not include postage. Postage extra. HAZEL. (Mary White Ovington) $1.00 THE AUTOBIOGRAPHY OF AN EX-COLORED MAN. (Anonymous) 1.20 NORRIS WRIGHT CUNEY. (Maud Cuney Hare) 1.50 A NARRATIVE OF THE NEGRO. (Leila Amos Pendleton; 1.50 SOULS OF BLACK FOLK. (W. E. B. DU Bois) 1.25 THE WHITE MAN'S BURDEN. (T. Shirby Ilodge) 1.00 RACE ADJUSTMENT. (Kelly Miller) 2.00 HISTORY OF THE NEGRO. (B. G. Brawley) 1.25 HALF A MAN. (Mary White Ovington) 1.00 AFTERMATH OF SLAVERY. (William Sinclair) 1.50 JOHN BROWN. (W. E. B. Du Bois) 1.25 NEGRO IN AMERICAN HISTORY. (J. W. Cromwell) 1.25 PRINCE HALL AND HIS FOLLOWERS. (George W. Crawford) 1.00 LIBERIA. (Frederick Starr) 1.00 THE NEGRO. (W. E. B. DU Bois) 50 THE EDUCATION OF THE NEGRO PRIOR TO 1861. (Carter G. Woodsor.) 2.00 FACTS OF RECONSTRUCTION. (John R . Lynch) 1.50 STORY OF THE NEGRO. 2 Volumes. (Booker T. Washington) 3.00 MASTERPIECES OF NEGRO ELOQUENCE. (Alice Moore Dunbar, Editor) 2.50 POEMS OF PAUL LAURENCE DUNBAR 2.00 AFRO-AMERICAN FOLKSONGS. (H . E. Krehbiel) 2.00 OUT OF THE HOUSE OF BONDAGE. (Kelly Miller) 1.50 Address THE CRISIS, 70 Fifth Avenue, New York Mention TH E CRISIS Edition 36,000 THE CRISIS A RECORD OF THE DARKER RACES PUBLISHED MONTHLY BY THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE. AT 70 FIFTH AVENUE. NEW YORK CITY Conducted by W. E. BURGHARDT DU BOIS AUGUSTUS GRANVILLE DILL, Business Manager Contents Copyrighted. 1916, by the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People Contents for January, 1916 PICTURES Page COVER. "To the Highest Bidder." After the celebrated painting by Harry Roseland. Copyrighted by the artist. MEN OF THE MONTH 119 IRA ALDRIDGE 121 TW O MAJORS 130 OUR CHRISTMAS GREETINGS TO HAITI 134 LYNCHING AT TEMPLE, TEXAS 145 ARTICLES "AUNT BET" By D. A. M. 136 SEBASTIAN GOMEZ By Arthur A. Schomburg 136 THE "JIM-CROW" CAR. An N. A. A. C. P. Investigation. Part II. By T. Montgomery Gregory 137 GO. A Poem : By Lucian B. Watkins 143 DEPARTMENTS ALONG THE COLOR LINE 111 MEN OF THE MONTH 118 OPINIONS 122 EDITORIAL 132 NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE 139 THE BURDEN 144 THE LETTER BOX 146 TEN CENTS A COPY; ONE DOLLAR A YEAR FOREIGN SUBSCRIPTIONS TWENTY-FIVE CENTS EXTRA RENEWALS: When a subscription blank is attached to this page a renewal of your subscription is desired. The date of the expiration of your subscription will be found on the wrapper. CHANGE OF ADDRESS: The address of a subscriber can be changed as often as desired. In ordering a change of address, both the old and the new address must be given. Two weeks' notice is required. MANUSCRIPTS and drawings relating to colored people are desired. They must be accompanied by return postage. If found unavailable they will be returned. Entered as Second-class Matter in the Post Office at New York, N. Y. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Atlanta University Is beautifully located in the City of Atlanta, Ga. The courses of study include High School, Normal School and College, with manual training and domestic science. Among the teachers are graduates of Yale, Harvard, Dartmouth and Wellesley. Forty-six years of successful work have been completed. Students come from all parts of the South. Graduates are almost universally successful. For further information address President EDWARD T. WARE ATLANTA, OA. Knoxville College Beautiful Situation. Healthful Location. The Best Moral and Spiritual Environment. A Splendid Intellectual Atmosphere. Noted for Honest and Thorough Work. Offen full courses in the following departments: College, Normal, High School, Grammar School and industrial. Good water, steam heat, electric lights, good drain age. Expense! Tery reasonable. Opportunity for self-help. Fall Term Began September, 1915 For information address President R. W. McGRANAHAN KNOXVILLE, TENN. THE AGRICULTURAL TECHNICAL COLLEGE of North Carolina (Formerly the A. &amp; M. College) The 22d annual session began September 1, 1915. Board, lodging and tuition $8.00 per month. Four year courses leading to trade certifi cates. Four year college courses leading to degrees of Bachelor of Science in Agriculture and Bachelor of Science in Mechanics. For catalog or further information Address President Dudley, A. &amp; T. College GREENSBORO, N. C. MOREHOUSE COLLEGE (Formerly Atlanta Baptist College) ATLANTA, GA College, Academy, Divinity School An institution famous within recent years for its emphasis on all sides of manly development—the only institution in the far South devoted solely to the education of Negro young men. Graduates given high ranking by greatest northern universities. Debating, Y. M. C. A., athletics, all live features. For information address JOHN HOPE, President WILEY UNIVERSITY MARSHALL, TEXAS Recognized as a college of the First Class by Texas and Louisiana State Boards of Education. Harvard, Yale and Columbia represented on its faculty; students gath ered from ten different states. Strongest Music Department in the Wes t M. W. DOGAN, President FISK UNIVERSITY NASHVILLE, TENN. Founded 1866 Thorough Literary, Scientific, Educational, Musical and Social Science Courses. Pioneer in Negro music. Special study in Negro life. Ideal and sanitary buildings and groundi. Well-equipped Science building. Christian home life. High standard of independent manhood and womanhood. For literature, etc., write FAYETTE AVERY McKENZIE, President BEREAN MANUAL TRAINING AND INDUSTRIAL SCHOOL SOUTH COLLEGE AVENUE, PHILADELPHIA, PA. Fall Term and Seventeenth Year Opened Tuesday, October 5th, 1915 Domestic Art, Industrial Art, Commercial, Music and English. Excellent opportunity for small groups and specialized classes. Age, sex or previous training no bar to entrance if ap plicant has good character. Helpfulness our object. Efficiency our aim. Evening session. Write now. MATTHEW ANDERSON, Principal 1926 SOUTH COLLEGE AVENUE PHILADELPHIA. PA. Mention TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 109 The National Religious Training School "I cordially commend the school's interest and needs to all who believe in the Negro race and in our obligation to help promote its intellectual, moral and religious uplift." REV. DR. CHARLES H. PAKKHUKST, New York City. IT IS MORE THAN A MERE SCHOOL IT IS A COMMUNITY OF SERVICE AND UPLIFT Its influence is destined to be felt in all sections of the country in improved Negro community life wherever our trained workers locate. Settlement workers, missionaries for home and foreign mission fields, Y. M. C. A. and Y. W. C. A. secretaries and district nurses receive a comprehensive grasp of their studies under a Wellesley graduate and experienced co-workers and actual every-day practice through the school's SOCIAL SERVICE DEPARTMENT. W e aim also to create a better qualified ministry. Industrial training, advanced literary branches, business school. Thirty-two acres; ten modern buildings; healthful location. W e can accommodate a few more earnest, ambitious students. Communities requiring social workers should write us. For catalog and detailed information address: PRESIDENT JAMES E. SHEPARD National Religious Training School Durham, N. C. The school has no endowment fund and must raise a yearly maintenance fund of $15,000 for running expenses. Won't you help us this yearT The Cheyney Training School for Teachers CHEYNEY, PENNSYLVANIA Under the management of the Society of Friends. Beautifully located, healthful, well appointed, and within easy reach of a great variety of educational institutions, public and private, extending from West Chester to Philadelphia; representing a wide range of educational problems and practice. This school offers to young colored men and women who have a reasonable secondary school preparation, and who earnestly desire to become teachers, carefully graded courses in academic work, domestic science, domestic art, manual crafts and agriculture. For teachers of experience and intending teachers it offers also a six weeks' summer-school course during the months of July and August. Tuition is free. Board, lodging, heat, light and laundry privileges are offered for nine months for $100. The charge for the same during the summer-school course is $15. Write for particulars to LESLIE PINCKNEY HILL, Principal Mention TH E CHISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER E. ALDAMA JACKSON ST. MARY'S SCHOOL An Episcopal boarding school for girls, under the direction of the Sisters of St. Mary. Address: THE SISTER-IN-CHARGE 609 N. 43d St. W. Philadelphia, Pa. ROLAND W. HAYES, TENOR Recitals Concerts Oratorio Opera "An unusually good voice. The natural quality is beautiful. It is a luscious yet manly voice. Mr. Hayes sings freely and with good taste."—Philip Hale, in the Boston Herald. "A voice of unusual sweetness and calibre." —Chattanooga Times. Address: 3 WARWICK ST., BOSTON. MASS. Evans Art Pianos AND Players Factory to You AND UP CAN BE SAVED BY MY PLAN OI SELLING DIRECT FROM MY FACTORY TO YOU. I CAN SAVE VOU FROM S125 TO §250 ON AN Evans Artist Model Piano or flayer. FREIGHT Paid fn e E&amp;SIEST KIND OF TERMS,WEEK LY, MONTHLY, QUARTERLY OR YEARLY PAYMENTS TO SUIT YOUR CONVENIENCE. ALL MIDDLE MEN, JOBBERS, DEALERS AND AGENTS PROFITS CUT OUT. THESE ARE SOME I&gt;F THE REASONS WHY 1 CAN SELL THE EVANS ARTIST MODEL PIANOS FOR SUCH LITTLE MONEY. LET ME SEND YUU THE OTHER REASONS. 30 DAYS FREE TRIAL WE ALLOW ALL FREIGHT CHARGES, LET YOU USE THE BEAUTIFUL EVANS ARTIST MODEL PIANO FOR THIRTY DAYS FREE. IF YOU ARE NOT ENTIRELY SATISFIED, WE WILL TAKE IT BACK WITHOUT ANY COST TO YOU—YOU ARE THE SOLE JUD^CE TO DECIDE. IF YOU WANT TO KEEP IT, YOU MAY DO SO ON OUR LOW FACTORY WHOLESALE PRICE ON MOST CONVENIENT TERMS. Music Lessons Without Cost TO EVERY CUSTOMER WE WILL GIVE A TWO YEARS COURSE OF PIANO INSTRUCTION FREE. ASK ABOUT OUR INSURANCE PLAN. WRITE TODAY. STORY &amp; CLARK PI A WO CO. F. O. EVANS, GEN. MGR., DEPT. B 35 CHICAGO EAR W 0D D LINCOLN, MD„ ° « : C , on the finest and best constructed electric railroad in the world." Special: A large lot, 50 by 150, a house to be built •n it according to plans specified in the contract, 3 pear trees, 3 apple trees, 3 peach trees, 15 chickens, Graduate Institute of Musical Art, Organist and Director of Music St. Mark's M. £. Church Teacher of Theory and Piano Theory course embraces elementary and advanced Harmony or Counterpoint. Private or Clas$ Work Studio: 30 W. 132d STREET, NEW YORK CITY OF INTEREST TO VOCALISTS Tone-Placing and Voice Development, With Sup plement Co-ordinating with Original Chapters Highly recommended and endorsed by well known Choral and Musical Societies, Directors, Vocal Teachers and Musical Publications, as evidenced by the following extracts selected at random from those who know: Pedro T. Tinsley of Chicago is the first of the vocal teachers to realize the possibilities of Tone-Placing and Vowel Values (Study) as applied to music, and will soon be reaping his reward in the knowledge that he is helping thousands to a thorough musical education where he previously helped but hundreds. THE MUSIC TRADES. I highly endorse your Book Tone-Placing and Voice-Development as being in a class by itself. This is my fourth order and will be able to use quite a number of additional copies very soon. G. W. WILLIAMS, B.M.A., 1214 Pease Ave., Houston, Texas. "Dear Mr. Tinsley: "I take great pleasure in commending your very useful and succinctly written book on 'Tone-Placing and Voice-Development.' Your own appreciation of the psychology of singing and the fundamental principles of the art you have cleverly reduced to a simple system. Cordially yours, "Father WILLIAM J. FINN, C. S. P., Director Paulist Choristers of Chicago." From "Musical Courier," N. Y.: "A very practical little book is 'Tone-Placing and Voice-Development,' by Pedro T. Tinsley. It contains some very excellent material and vocal exercises, and should be in the hands of all vocal students." From "Music News," Chicago, 111.: "Accordingly this 'Practical Method of Singing' is a most concise and practical little manual, containing many valuable vocal exercises. It cannot fail to be helpful to all ambitious vocal students." PRICE $1.00 Address the publisher: Pedro T. Tinsley, 6448 Drexel Ave., Chicago, 111., or Clayton F. Summy, 64 E. Van Buren St., or Lyon &amp; Healy, Adams and Wabash Ave., Chicago, 111. 1 pig, firewood for two years, free grazing for cow •r horse, all for a total of $750; payable $5 down and $5 per month, without interest. Sample house now •ccupied by C. B. Fulton. THE LINCOLN LAND AND IMPROVEMENT COMPANY 1403 New York Ave. Washington, D. C. Norma and Peggie of Lincoln Mention THE CRISIS Th e number of children in Lincoln was increased by ten new arrivals in October, 1915. WATCH LINCOLN GROW THE CRISIS Vol. 11 -No . 3 JANUARY, 1916 Whole No. 63 Along the Color Line MUSIC AND ART THE symphony '"Antar," by the Rus • sian composer Rimsky-Korsakoff, the music of which is largely based on Oriental folk-themes, was played on November 12th by the Boston Symphony Orchestra, at Boston, Massachusetts. The composer took the subject from the Arab story. "x&lt;\ntar" was a mulatto, the son of an African slave and a chieftain. Acknowledged and freed by his father, he became famous as a poet and a valiant warrior. ftSamuel Coleridge-Taylor's "Deep River" and "From the Green Heart of the Water" were among the numbers given at a concert of sea pictures, at the Chicago Musical College late in October. C'Her Eyes Twin Pools," by Harry T. Burleigh, the words by James Johnson, was one of the novelties offered by Arthur Herschmann in his song recital on November 6th at Aeolian Hall, New York. II At a joint recital with Bauer, the eminent pianist, Paul Althouse sang Burleigh songs in an American group of representative compositions before the Woman's Club in Evanston, Illinois, on October 26th. ftThe Appomattox Club of Chicago lately gave a Coleridge-Taylor concert in remembrance of the composer's birthday. An address was delivered by Dr. Charles E. Bentley. The musical program was arranged by Mr. Pedro Tins-ley. The artists were Mrs. Willa M. Sloan, soprano; Mr. W. H. Hackley, Dr. W. Carver Williams, Mr. Harrison Emanuel, violinist and Mr. T. Theodore Taylor, pianist. ft Mr. Clarence Cameron White closed his fall concert tour with a very successful recital given by the Euterpians at the Howard Theatre on November 6th, at Washington, D. C. ft Mr. James Johnson's poem "The White Witch" is included in William Stanley Braithwaite's "Anthology of Magazine Verse for 1915," as one of the best poems of the year. It originally appeared in TH E CRISIS for March, 1915. The Boston Transcript of November 30th says of Mr. Braithwaite: "He has helped poetry to readers as well as to poets. One is guilty of no extravagance in saying that the poets we have—and they may take their place with their peers in any country—and the gathering deference we pay them, are created largely out of the stubborn, self-effacing enthusiasm of this one man. In a sense their distinction is his own. In a sense he has himself written their poetry. Very much by his toil they may write, and be read. Not one of them will ever write a finer poem than Braithwaite himself has lived already." ftThe African exhibit at the American Museum of Natural History in New York City has grown so large that it has been placed in a hall to itself. The recent Lang-Chapin expedition brought valuable additions from the Congo. The Africans excel in iron and wood work, in weaving artistic pile cloth and in making various types of musical instruments. Specimens of all these are in this collection. ftThe first American composer represented at the annual Christmas festival of the Madison, Wisconsin, Choral THE CRISIS Union, is a Negro, R. Nathaniel Dett. His carol "Listen to the Lambs" was sung at the University of Wisconsin Armory, December 11th. The Director says: "Side by side with magnificent musical climaxes is the syncopated time, which is so popular with rag-time lovers. Almost instantly it changes from grand and majestic harmonies to some of those good old 'barber shop' minor chords, which a bunch of fellows likes to hold on to. Often when one voice is carrying a catchy Negro air, the rest of the voices are weaving a background of harmony around it which carries the production out of the realm of ragtime into the realm of the classical." C'The Fruit of his Folly," a drama in five acts, was given at Wilber force University, Ohio, under the direction of Miss Hallie Q. Brown. CDavid Mannes, the violinist, will give two hours' instruction each week to the three best students of the violin in the Music Settlement for Colored People in New York City. CWillie H. Butler of Yonkers, New York, is one of the pupils who will study under Mr. Mannes. C A new musical organization known as "The Haywood Symphony Club" has been perfected in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma. C[The French Government has purchased some paintings from Henry O. Tanner, for its collection of modern art in the Luxembourg Gallery. CMme. Lillian Hawkins Jones, a contralto of the Colorado Conservatory of Music, is giving concerts in Kentucky and the South. m ATHLETICS TJAMPTON INSTITUTE captured the Inter-Collegiate football title of the South Atlantic States by defeating all of its opponents in this vicinity. Union University of Richmond, fell a victim by a score of 13 to 0, and Howard University felt the crush of a perfect machine on Thanksgiving Day when Hampton rolled up 18 points via the touchdown route and Howard scored nothing. Other important games were between Union and Petersburg which closed a 9 to 7 victory for Union, and Howard defeated Union by a 18 to 0 score. Even with a knowledge of conditions existing, we venture to assert that until the seasonal games begin earlier, and fuller schedules are the rule, although smaller institutions are included, football will never be the sport it should be among colleges in this section. For some reason Lincoln University was not a factor and played none of the I. C. A. A. teams. The advent of two new coaches entering the field made for renewed interest in many circles. Walker Bacon a graduate of M Street High School of Washington, D. C.j and Syracuse University, took charge of the Petersburg team as faculty director of athletics and coach and all but defeated the school's big rival, Union. Merton P. Robinson, a well known football mentor, landed a Deanship at Union University in the Teachers' College and became faculty coach of athletics with a result that Union was able to throw a scare of considerable dimensions into the football camps of Howard and Hampton, a fact that will make Union be taken more seri ously in coming seasons of sport if the system now employed obtains longer. The thrilling battle of the season was the Thanksgiving struggle at Hampton. Howard's line was incapable of preventing the charging forwards of Hampton from smearing formations before they were born, and the Hampton backfield with the ever present Cayle for much of the game romped over the Howard trenches for big gains. CThe four most prominent institutions in football in the South would be ranked this year as follows: Fisk first, Morehouse second, Talladega third, and Tuskegee fourth. The following are the scores: Fisk 0 Morehouse .. . 0 Fisk 47 Tuskegee 0 Fisk 9 Talladega 3 Fisk 0 Wilberforce ... 0 Morehouse .. . 6 Tuskegee 6 Morehouse-Talladega, declared "No Game." Talladega 6 Tuskegee 6 The Morehouse-Talladega game was ALONG THE COLOR LINE not played to a conclusion as darkness left fifteen minutes to play. Each school had really kicked one field goal which would have made the score 3—3, but the game was officially called "No Game" by the umpire. Atlanta University has shown improvement in football, but was beaten by both Talladega and Tuskegee and lost to Morris Brown in her critical game on Thanksgiving Day 13 to 7. CIn Washington on February 25th will be held one of the largest athletic carni vals held in the East at Convention Hall under the auspices of Howard Univer sity and the Public Schools Athletic League. CJ- E. Tregg, a colored man, is a mem ber of the Varsity crew at Syracuse University, and also a member of the football team. CJames Wiley, fourteen years old, proved the best all around athlete at a field meet of the Pathfinders' on the State Fair grounds in Minnesota. James belongs to the Congo Club, which is the one colored club in the Pathfinders' camp. C M Street High School won the foot ball championship of the secondary school teams of the South Atlantic Sec tion. SOCIAL UPLIFT WIT H simple ceremonies and the singing of Negro folk songs Booker T. Washington was buried at Tuskegee Institute. Many distinguished persons, white and black, were present. Memorial meetings for Mr. Washington have been held throughout the United States and in Canada. CMrs. Mary Church Terrell spoke at the Fifth Avenue Marble Collegiate Church, New York City, under the auspices of the Women's Board of Domestic Missions of the Reformed Church of America. CEugene K. Jones, Associate Director of the National League on Urban Conditions among Negroes, is making a tour of cities in the Middle West urging the value of the work of the League. CThe Virginia Legislature has given an appropriation of $6,000 to the Industrial Home School for Colored Girls, in Peake, Hanover County, an institution founded and maintained so far by the Virginia State Federation of Colored Women's Clubs. CI Union Hall, the building which the colored Masons and Odd Fellows put up jointly in St. Paul, Minnesota, will be used by nineteen Negro fraternal societies. C A farewell reception and luncheon were tendered the men of the Twenty-fourth Infantry by both the colored and white residents of Manila, on their departure from the Philippines. CIn Spain it is one of the Three Wise Men, the black king Balthaser, who visits each home and leaves presents for the children at Christmas. CThe simple people of both Poland and Spain worship with love and reverence a Virgin Mary called the Black Madonna. CThe Oklahoma State Federation of Negro Women's Clubs, along with other earnest workers, has been successful in persuading the Oklahoma Legislature to establish a school for incorrigible Negro boys. CThe colored women's clubs of Guthrie. Boley and McAlester, Oklahoma, support libraries in each of these towns. CThe Woman's Study Club of Clarksburg, West Virginia, distributes magazines to shut-ins and schools. Last spring it conducted a yard improvement contest, which thirty children entered. CAn Ogden auditorium will be erected at Hampton Institute, Virginia, in memory of the late Robert Ogden. Over two-thirds of $100,000 needed has been subscribed. CIn Spokane, Washington, Sam Glasgow, City Amusement Censor, allowed the play "Birth of a Nation" to be produced. The colored people organized and defeated him for re-election by fifty votes. This is effective censorship. CJames C. Jones of Philadelphia has invented a new mail receiver for railway mail. CEarnest colored people of Charleston, South Carolina, are making an effort to establish an Industrial Training Home for their young women. It will be named in honor of the late Dr. Mattie V. Lee. C Numbers of colored men registered for the recent municipal election in THE CRISIS GIRLS OF DES MOINES, IOWA, Charleston, South Carolina, for the first time in years. ftMargaret Burton, in her new book "Comrades in Service," devotes a chapter to Fannie Jackson Coppin. This book will be used in the mission study course of the Y. W. C. A. this year, ft Dr. Ira Landrith, a white Texan, is the first secretary to be appointed for the extension work lately undertaken by the Christian Endeavor Society. His work will be among the young colored people of the South. ftThe National Independent Equal Rights League held its eighth annual meeting December 15-16 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. This convention took place in "Freedom Centennial Week," as December 18th is the exact date of the enactment of the Thirteenth Amendment. ftA Woman Suffrage meeting was held in the First Presbyterian Church of Newark, New Jersey, under the auspices of the Women's Political Union. ftThe Richmond Negro Welfare Association of Richmond, Virginia, held a tag day to get funds for the Colored Hospital and Training School for Nurses, which it plans to establish in that city. ft"The Awakening of Hezekiah," a story of Negro political life, written by John E. Bruce, will be published shortly by The Saturday News of Hopkinsville, Kentucky. ftA fountain has been erected by the colored people of Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, at the entrance to the Twelfth Street Playground, to the memory of one of their race, Dr. William H. Jones. ftThomas W. Fleming, a colored lawyer of Cleveland, Ohio, was elected a member of the City Council from the Eleventh Ward. IN THE "RAINBOW KIMONA" ftBurrell Memorial Hospital, a new institution at Roanoke, Virginia, has received its charter from the State. It is well equipped and modern, and has a competent staff of colored physicians. ftThe colored branches of the Young Men's Christian Association in Atlanta, Georgia, Brooklyn, New York, and St. Louis, Missouri, are each working hard for new buildings. ftThe Hartford (Conn.) Courant, in a recent Sunday number, had pictures of fifteen distinguished colored residents of Hartford. ftOn December 19th the fiftieth anniversary of Lewis Hayden, the colored abolitionist, was celebrated in Faneuil Hall, Boston. ftThe Georgia Baptist, edited for a number of years by the late Reverend W. J. White at Augusta, Georgia, is to be published again with Dr. C. T. Walker as editor. ftThe alumni of Howard University, Washington, D. C, residing in Panama and Central America, have formed an association among themselves for mutual help. ft Miss Eva G. Burleigh has been elected superintendent and Mrs. Lola Johnson Guerst matron of the Sojourner Truth House, a home for unfortunate girls in New York City. ftThe Rhode Island Union of Colored Women's Clubs held their twelfth annual conference at Newport and heard among others the report of the Prison Committee. ft Nine colored girls, assisted by a num ber of other citizens, gave an entertain ment for the N. A. A. C. P. in Des Moines, Iowa. It was called "The Rain bow Kimona," and attracted much at tention. ALONG THE COLOR LINE 115 CFunds are being solicited by the colored people of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, for the Lincoln Memorial, which will consist of a modern hospital and training school for nurses in the city, and a rural home for convalescents. These institutions will serve all the colored people of Pennsylvania. CThe first annual convention of the Pullman Porters' Benefit Association was held in the Pullman Building, Chicago, Illinois. CThe Employed and Volunteer Workers Among Colored Women in City Young Women's Christian Associations held a conference in Brooklyn, New York. C"Jupiter Hammon," by Oscar Wegelin, is the first account of the life of an American Negro poet, who wrote ten years before Phyllis Wheatley, together with his writings. It is published by Heartman, New York City, and is uniform with his Phyllis Wheatley. EDUCATION A TEACHERS' Institute was held in Prince George County, Maryland. Dr. Lucy Moten, Principal of the Normal School, Washington, D. C, made an instructive address. CDr. John Lovejoy Elliott of the Ethical Culture Society was the principal speaker at one of a series of educational meetings at St. Mark's Lyceum, New York City. C A special session of the Domestic Science School conducted by The Sentinel, a white newspaper of Winston-Salem, North Carolina, was held for the benefit of the colored school children. CThe colored teachers of Galveston, Texas, have held their first institute of the year. "Reading" was the subject for discussion. CMiss Margaret Newlin of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, has made bequests in her will to Hampton, Tuskegee, and to the William G. Edwards School at Snow Hill, Alabama. CA t the annual farmers' conference and exhibit held recently at Hampton Institute, visiting farmers and their wives told how they had triumphed over economic and social obstacles. CTwelve pupils from the Mayer Industrial School at Knoxville, Tennessee, gave a demonstration, at a recent meeting of the Synod of Tennessee, in the Fourth Presbyterian Church of that city. The members of the church wish to spread information of the good work which the school is doing among colored people of Knoxville. CMohammed Yohari, an African youth, whom Colonel Theodore Roosevelt met in Africa on his hunting trip, came to him in New York recently and asked to be sent to school. Mr. Roosevelt sent him to Tuskegee. CBy a recent decision of the State Department of Education of Texas, graduates of the Tuskegee Normal and Industrial Institute, who are citizens of Texas, may receive permanent teachers' certificates in that State. C Horace Talbert, for many years secretary of Wilberforce University, Ohio, has resigned. CWilliam Haines, a colored boy from Nashville, has been elected to the debating team of the University of Chicago. CWilliam Pickens has been installed as Dean of Morgan College, Baltimore, Maryland. CThe colored people of Greensboro, North Carolina, are making every effort to meet the-requirements which will enable them to have a Carnegie Library. M ECONOMICS '"p HOMAS J. PILLOW is employed as demonstrator by the Western Motor Car Company of Los Angeles, California. C Frank L. Gillespie has been placed in charge of a department for colored people which the Royal Life Insurance Company of Chicago, Illinois, has lately established. CThe Frederick Douglass Film Com pany has been organized in Jersey City, New Jersey, by a number of colored men. CThe Carnegie Library, just completed, at Camden, South Carolina, was erected by R. D. Belton &amp; Son, colored contractors and builders. CTwenty-three white men who worked in the block testing department of the 116 THE CRISIS Continental Motor Works of Detroit, Michigan, went out on strike. They were discharged and colored men were put in their places. CFifty-five colored Americans replaced aliens who were employed in building the State highway near San Juan, California. The aliens were discharged because of protests from the labor unions. CMrs. Maude G. Hall of the Pictorial Review staff, New York City, has secured work from the embroidery department of the magazine for several expert colored embroiderers and filet lace makers. (IThe Ashley and Bailey Silk Company of Paterson, New Jersey, employs over four hundred colored boys and girls in its mill in Fayetteville, North Carolin?. CThe Colored Wage Earners' Bank of Savannah, Georgia, erected a $40,000 building last year and will make $7,000 worth of improvements this year. It has a paid-up capital of $49,000 and totai resources of $315,808. CPresident Wilson and his fiancee recently dined at Hill Top House near Harper's Ferry, West Virginia. This house is owned and conducted by Thomas F. Lovett, a colored man. CSheperdsville, near Selma, Alabama, is owned by a colored fraternal organization. They hold 3,100 acres of land, have three mills, fifty-three tenants and received last year $1,907 in rents. PERSONAL TAMES MILTON TURNER, former United States Minister to Liberia, died in Ardmore, Oklahoma, where he had gone on business. ([Chaplain Carter, of the Tenth Cavalry, has been transferred to the Ninth Cavalry, and will accompany that regiment to the Philippine Islands. Chaplain G. W. Prioleau, of the Ninth, has been transferred to the Tenth Cavalry. ([Mary M. Randolph, a fifteen year old colored girl of Los Angeles, California, devoted one hour a week of her last summer's vacation to telling stories to thirty-one little children near her home. CMrs. Ida A. Walker, President of the Missouri Federation of Colored Women's Clubs was one of the speakers at the State Conference for Social Welfare held in Marshall, Missouri. ([Funeral services for Jack Dickerson, janitor for twenty years of Trinity College, Durham, North Carolina, were held in the college chapel. Two instructors and four students of this white school acted as pall bearers. ([Dr. Mattie V. S. Lee of Washington, D. C, who died lately in Asheville, North Carolina, had quite an extensive practice in the capital city. ([Judge Robert H. Terrell of Washington, D. C, is making a lecture tour through Texas under the auspices of the Colored Women's Progressive Club. ([Governor Willis of Ohio has appointed Thomas A. Goode of Columbus to the position of assistant Fire Marshall in that state. ([Miss Anna Thankful Ballantine, long matron of the girls at Fisk University, is dead. ([Wilbur E . King has been appointed supervisor of the "loan shark" bureau of the state banking department of Ohio. The salary is $2,500. FOREIGN T N South Africa the colored vote was cast almost unanimously for the Unionists Party which elected forty members as against twenty-seven Nationalists and fifty-four followers of General Botha. This greatly encourages the colored people as the Nationalists are the Negro haters. ([The "Herald," a newspaper in the interests of the colored people of the Island, has been started in Christiansted, St. Croix, Danish West Indies. D. Hamilton Jackson is the editor. CThe new Haitian treaty, which extends United States control not only over financial but also over civil affairs and which contains no guarantee of the territorial or political integrity of the Island, is now ready to be laid before the United States Senate. m GHETTO FURTHER report concerning the Louisiana Republican Convention says that after assuring the colored delegates that the Republican party would ALONG THE Copyright by Underwood and Underwood, N. Y. ADMIRAL CAPERTON SUDRE D'ARTIGUENAVE The southern white usurper in Haiti and the helpless colored President. put no candidate in the field, the white men went to a hotel to which Negroes are not admitted, and organized a committee to serve for four years. C The law of Arizona separates its colored and white school children. The colored schools are inferior in every respect. C Ministers and other responsible citizens of Atlanta, Georgia, held a meeting to discuss ways and means to stop further encroachment of Negroes into white neighborhoods. They decided the boundaries beyond which colored people may not go, and voted to hold a conference with prominent colored men about the situation. C The superintendent of the white high school of Carlisle, Pennsylvania, refused to admit the son of Henry Young, because he was a colored child. C The City Council of Miami, Florida, has passed a law making a certain street the dividing line between white and COLOR LINE colored neighborhoods. A high wall or hedge will mark this line. The colored section will be enclosed on three sides. The Colored Board of Trade endorsed this measure. C Colored people of New York are pro testing against the discrimination prac tised toward physicians of their race by the hospitals of the city. CI- S. Cousins sued the Clinchfield Lodge of the Brotherhood of Locomo tive Engineers of Erwin, Tennessee, for libel, because they charged he had Negro blood in his veins and persuaded the railroad officials on this account to give him a poor run. He won his suit. C Sometime ago we noted the refusal of a white girls' club in Portsmouth, New Hampshire, to confirm the election of a colored girl, Mary E. Patillo, as a mem ber. The battle against the colored girl was led by two Jewish girls and despite the opposition of the Board of Advisors Miss Patillo was excluded. The Board of Advisors thereupon threatened to re sign and last month Miss Patillo was "enthusiastically elected a member." C The colored people of Galena, Kan sas, have gone into court in order to re sist the imposition of a "Jim-Crow" school. M CRIME OFFICERS shot and jailed A. Scott of Texas City, Texas, who they claim was carrying a revolver. Scott later died in a hospital. C Troops had to be called out to stop an election fight at Charleston, South Caro lina, in which ballots were thrown out, and one man killed. All concerned were white. C Love Rudd, charged with robbery, was drowned by a mob at Clarksville, Missouri. C John Taylor, said to have fired at a sheriff, was hanged by a mob at Aber deen, Mississippi. C Jerome Wilson, a Michigan colored man, committed suicide because he feared mob violence and an unfair judge. CEllis Buckner was lynched at Henderson, Kentucky. He was accused of attacking a white woman. MEN of the MONTH A PIANIST Monsieur Justin Elie was born at Port-au-Prince, Haiti, September 1st, 1883. At the age of five years he showed a passion for music. His parents took him to France and put him in the celebrated institution at Sainte Croix. He was prepared for the Conservatory of Paris by the great pianist, Marmontel, and passed a brilliant entrance examination in 1903. He studied under De Beriot, Phillips, De Wormser and De Pessard. He was graduated in 1905 and has since been in concert work in Paris and in the West Indies. He has written several compositions, notable among them is "Aphrodite." Monsieur Elie is expected in the United States soon. m A CLERGY-MAN Pierre Emry Jones was born in Haiti in 1848 and was educated in the United States. He was made a Deacon in the Episcopal church in 1872 and returned to Haiti as a missionary under Bishop Holly. Since the death of Bishop Holly Mr. Jones has been President of the Episcopal convocation. Last year the Divinity School of the Protestant Episcopal Church in Philadelphia conferred upon him the honorary degree of Doctor of Sacred Theology. A GREAT ACTOR Ira Aldridge was born in Maryland in 1810. He was educated at Schenectady College and at Glasgow University in Scotland. Although he was intended for the ministry he turned to the stage and made his debut at Royalty Theatre in London in 1833. His success was immediate. Edward Kean played Iago to his Othello and other actors and actresses vied in honoring him. In 1852 he started for the continent. In Prussia he received a gold medal of the first class for art and science, previously awarded only to Humboldt, Spontini and Lizst. The Emperor of Austria gave him the Grand Cross of the Order of Leopold. In Russia he was equally honored. Indeed from 1852 until his death Aldridge was recognized in Europe as the first of living tragedians, equalled only by the wonderful Rachael. He married a Swedish lady and had two daughters both of whom have achieved prominence in England in music. Aldrich died in Poland in 1866. TWO SERVANTS OF THE PUBLIC James P. Johnson entered  the dining car service of the  old Wagner Palace Car Company in 1889. When this company was taken over by the New York Central Railroad Mr. Johnson still remained at his work and is now one of the most celebrated of the traveling chefs. There are thirty-seven dining cars East of Buffalo which come under the supervision of Mr. Johnson and his assistant Mr. Edward Williams. With them is associated Mr. John Jones, dining car steward on the Twentieth Century Limited. Mr. Jones has been with the Company twenty-four years. TWO TEACHERS Miss Bessie Glenn is the first  colored woman to be ap pointed a teacher in the State institutions of Ohio. Miss Glenn holds a position at the Girls' Industrial School at Delaware, Ohio. Miss Wilhelmina B. Patterson is Musical Director of the Prairie View State Normal and Industrial School. This year Miss Patterson conducted a concert in the Legislative Hall at Austin, Texas, which was unusually successful, MEN OF THE MONTH JAMES P. JOHNSON MISS BESSIE GLENN ROY W. TIBBS MISS WILHELMINA B. PATTERSON WILLIAM E. SCOTT JOHN JONES THOMAS B. MC KEEL 120 THE  CRISIS and did much toward securing an appropriation of $259,000 for the school. AN ARTIST William Edward Scott has just  finished a fine set of mural dec orations at the new Burdsall section of the City Hospital in Indianapolis. There are about twenty-two panels in this ward and they range in size from five to forty feet wide and 300 figures are used. About ten colored models were used. In the lobby the artist has used the beginning, Adam and Eve being driven out of the Garden of Eden. Across from this is represented Mary being told of the coming of the Christ Child. On three narrow panels in the same room are represented Moses, John and Paul. In the main room are large panels representing the boyhood of Christ, the Three Wise Men (one of them black), and the Star in the East, the nativity, Christ in the arms of Simon, Christ in the carpenter shop, flight into Egypt and the largest and probably the best, Christ in the temple asking questions of the doctors. This panel, notwithstanding the silvery gray tone, is rich in color and the thirty or more doctors show wonderful character studies of Jewish types. A spot of sunlight falls upon the Christ figure and gives it an unusual effect of feeling. Probably the next best panel in this room is Christ being blessed by Simon. In this picture Christ is shown in the arms of the old patriarch, and Mary and Joseph standing near with a cage of turtle doves which they have brought as an offering. The Christ figure was posed by Weir Stewart, son of Dr. William Weir Stewart, a colored man. Mary, the mother, was posed by Miss Martin, supervising nurse at the hospital. In the corridors begins the preaching of Christ. First come two large panels representing "Suffer little children to come unto me," and "He that is without sin, let him cast the first stone." These two panels are each about thirty feet long and contain about forty figures. In this room overlooking the sun porch, are panels representing Zaccheus in the tree, Sermon on the Mount, Christ before Pilate, Christ as He appeared to Mary after the crucifixion and Christ riding into Jerusalem on the ass. These are all large panels and carried out in the same color scheme as the others. M. JUSTIN ELIE DR. P. E. JONES AND HIS SONS MEN OF THE MONTH Up about fifteen feet from the floor in the main room are two forty-foot panels representing the women of the Old and the New testament. Scott has worked on this ward about five months and considers it the best bit of mural painting he has ever done. Mr. Scott was born in Indianapolis in 1884 and trained in the public schools and Chicago Art Institute. By the winning of prizes and saving he was enabled to study in Paris with Mr. Henry O. Tanner and others. He succeeded in having a picture "hung on the line" in the great Paris spring Salon. This was purchased by the Argentine Republic. He has since sold a number of pictures and taken prizes. He hopes to do for the Negro in painting what Dunbar has done in verse. We may note in passing the rise of W. M. Farrow'j another young colored artist who announces two excellent reproductions for sale. A GOOD CITIZEN Thomas B. McKeel was born  in New York City in 1839 and died in 1915. He went into business in 1862 and in 1865 became a clerk in the Freedmen Hospital, Savannah, Georgia. Later he entered the fire insurance business in New York City and acted as agent for about forty years. He was especially well-known at St. Philip's P. E. Church. A TEACHER OF MUSIC Mr. Roy W. Tibbs, Professor of Pianoforte at Howard University, is an example of successful achievement, through hard work. He was born in Ohio, educated in Kentucky and at Fisk University and Oberlin College. Mr. Tibbs trained and directed the chorus of two hundred voices which was so notable a feature of the Pageant recently given in Washington, D. C. An interesting picture of Ira Aldridge, recently reproduced in the International Studio. He is represented with his friend Shevchenko the "Poet of the Ukraine." Opinions BOOKER T. WASHINGTON THE NORTHERN PRESS Dr. WASHINGTON has often been called the leader and the representative of the Negro race in the Republic. He was a leader in a qualified sense, since he devoted his life to directing the Negroes in what he believed to be the path of progress. But he was far from being their acknowledged leader. On the contrary, very many of them, and these among the more intellectual, did not share his ideas or accept his policy. Besides these, there was a multitude of the more ignorant who were quite unable to understand either his motives or his methods, who thought him timid, and even treacherous, to the race, as to some of whose wrongs he was, of set purpose and deliberately silent. It is obvious that this feeling among his fellow-Negroes was always a serious and painful element in the work that Washington had set himself to do. It was all the more so because he was himself, necessarily, the victim in a thousand ways of the rooted prejudice of race, and had to bear daily 'the spurns that patient merit of the unworthy takes.'"—Times, New York City. "Booker T. Washington was a great man by every account and along many lines—the leader of the Negro race throughout the world ; a citizen of America, who had promoted his country's greatness by raising toward fitness for full citizenship and economic independence a people just emerged from slavery ; a man whose influence was inspiring and helpful to the whole country. That a man born a slave, turned out upon the world when a child as an outcast, forced to gain his early education, a book in his hand at night while working as a boy in a coal mine, should accomplish what Washington did and reach the eminence he attained, is in itself a proof of the man's personal greatness. But the more cogent proof is found in the sum of achievement and the impulse for future progress which he has left behind. Tuskegee and its methods and ideals have affected the whole scheme and method of industrial education in this country. Created out of a wilderness by Washington's own effort, solidly succeeding against every obstacle, conquering the approbation and support of a people who at first regarded the work with deep suspicion, and building a strong foundation of hopefulness and confidence for the structure of a whole people's future. . . . "Booker Washington came, to some extent, into conflict with certain of the abler men of his own race, who thought that he showed too much humility—that he submitted too willingly to the suppression of the Negro vote in the southern states, and, by emphasizing the industrial side of the education that he supplied, consented to the relegation of his race to an inferior position forever. There are some colored people today who believe that Washington helped to condemn their race to a new slavery. The answer to this charge is that the race which rises from slavery can rise only by means of economic improvement or by revolution. It must march upon the good ground of the well-ploughed field—either upon that or upon the field of battle, where its own blood is shed for victory over oppression. The upward path of the blood-stained field of revolution is forever debarred to the American Negro. There is no way for him except the field of hard wrork, wise work, patient work, with constant improvement at every step, and the great purpose of redemption in the breast of every black man and woman. Booker Washington knew that well, and proved his greatness by a life of consistent devo tion to the ideal."—Evening Transcript, Boston, Mass. "In Booker Washington the country OPINIONS loses not only a leader, but one who was in his person a real triumph of democracy "He was not the standard-bearer of a united race. It is a rare educational leader who does not compromise on some questions, and in his peculiarly trying position, where a single false step might mean the ruining of his work —even the burning of his school—Dr. Washington did not speak out on the things which the intellectual men of the race deemed of far greater moment than bricks and mortar, industrial education, or business leagues—the matter of their social and political liberties. He was silent by choice in the face of many a crying wrong and bitter injustice, and more and more colored men came to resent it. They would not have objected had he, like other heads of schools, kept out of politics and assumed no leadership beyond that of the field of industrial training. But when they saw him, under Taft and Roosevelt, a powerful political factor in the White House; when they saw him in the attitude of a race leader forever dwelling upon the bright side of the picture and having no words of fiery indignation for injustices that cry out to high Heaven for redress, the unhappiness grew until men openly accused him of selling their birthright for a mess of pottage."—Evening Post, Xew York City. "Booker T. Washington, who died yesterday, will pass into history as the ablest Negro leader of his generation. Here in the United States the Negro race has produced greater men than he— men of larger mould and more extraordinary native genius. Frederick Douglass was one. Born and brought up a slave, the latter overcame even greater obstacles than Mr. Washington had to overcome in arising to leadership. Douglass excelled as an orator. His appeal was to the emotions, to the sense of justice of a ruling race which had put shackles on the black man and had denied him the ordinary rights of a human being. He pleaded for emancipation, believing that the Negro's future here would be assured once he had the chance to be his own master, to acquire education and property and to sell his labor in an open market. "Mr. Washington's task was difficult, because conditions made it difficult."— Tribune, New York City. "Dr. Booker T. Washington's work among the members of his race was based on the belief that the Negro would win social and political advancement only after he had achieved economic independence and stability. He held that time was better spent in demonstrating the capacity of the black man in those callings that are now open to him than in seeking opportunities in fields where every factor was opposed to him. "This policy brought Dr. Washington into conflict with many other leaders of the Negroes, but he maintained it from the beginning of his work in Tuskegee. He was not less concerned with the progress of the blacks in the United States than were those with whom he could not agree as to methods; their dispute was over the means to be used, not the end to be sought. His belief was supported by the intelligent judgment of thousands of citizens who saw in Tuskegee a possible instrument for the solution of a pressing problem."—Sun, New York City. "The future is brighter because Booker Washington lived. It is brighter because he was able to penetrate the encircling blackness with a vision that brought him confidence and the will to conquer. His never failing optimism through forty years of contact with the least promising condition in America could not die with him. That personal conviction of final success for his race, in harmony even with the 'white man's civilization,' the more easily dominates other minds because he had held it so tenaciously. Despair knew him not in life, and in death his message will ever ring with the joy of struggle and the dauntless spirit of service."—Republican, Springfield, Mass. "He was a leader, great and inspired. White and black alike will, in the day of calm and fair judgment, count him among the prophets of his time. His greatness was that of a great purpose." —Register, New Haven, Conn. "Any one who has studied the history of the colored people for the past fifty years will realize that the race has in THE CRISIS store for it a development that cannot be retarded by the death of one leader, no matter how great his influence. "No students of history, certainly no ethnologists, longer assert that the colored race is incapable of achievement. The recent discoveries of the free cities it established in early times in Africa, the achievements of its forerunners, the Egyptians, its remarkable evolution in eastern Asia and middle Africa in mediaeval times, have been studied in recent years to the justification of modern efforts by the race. "Everything about the black man's past goes to show that, until the blight of slavery was put upon him by peoples who had a better running start toward power, his history was honorable, though, because of climatic conditions, it did not follow the lines of the northern races. The colored man in America, with the help of such institutions as Tuskegee, has shown himself capable of advancement, and the advancement has largely been accomplished through efforts of men like Washington, DuBois and others of the race."—Press, New York, and Washington (D. C.) Times. "Dr. Washington was a wiser leader than those impetuous souls who demanded for the Negro at once every political right and cultural opportunity. The Negro is on the soil. He is in the South. His surest, shortest road to an assured road is efficiency. Dr. Washington was far-seeing in his desire to work in harmony with white men of his section. It is to the credit of the whites that they were so ready to work with him."—World, New York City. "The death of Booker T. Washington should recall every square-toed American citizen to the fact that, sooner or later, in the North, in New England and in Massachusetts, we must face manfully, and in justice to both races and to the cause of humanity, a problem which we have been cruelly and cowardly dodging. "Fair words about the 'great American melting pot,' as wc welcome to our ports all sorts and conditions of men, are all very fine, but what are we going to do about the boys and girls, the men and women, who, born here, reared here, educated here, are turned loose to find the doors of opportunity closed to them as if by constitutional mandate?"— Traveler and Evening Herald, Boston, Mass. "Near the beginning of his career in the White House President Roosevelt invited Booker Washington to dine with him. The South broke into fury. Its Republican congressmen, few and far between, were put to it to account for the episode. Linny, of North Carolina, explained to his confiding constituents that when the noon hour came Roosevelt looked up to say: 'Aren't you hungry, Booker? Of course you are. Here, Mandy, go and get Booker something to eat; give it to him out there with you; there now, Booker, you'll feel better.' "Democratic congressmen took the opposite tack. They exaggerated the episode. Alabama elected Heflin to Congress after declaring that he wished the same man who had assassinated McKinley had been there to throw a bomb under the table. . . . "The South won, in the controversy, to this extent: Roosevelt never invited Booker Washington to dine with him again, nor did Taft or President Wilson ever proffer similar hospitalities. It is doubtful if in the near future any President risks the favor of the South by doing so. As a nation, we enforce the most serious race proscription in the world."—Herald, Boston, Mass. "To wage a militant campaign for the rights of the Negro, as Mr. DuBois is doing, appeals to the sympathies. But we believe that the verdict of time will give to Dr. Washington the palm for the greater accomplishment in seeking conciliation rather than the deepening of hatreds, in bearing wrongs with infinite patience instead of breaking out in revolt against them, and in making his people intrinsically worthy of the things denied them."—Evening Post, Chicago, 111. "He held that the present duty of all Negroes is to improve their economic position by thrift and industry and build up a reputation as law-abiding citizens, leaving political problems to be settled later. For this he was bitterly attacked by the more impatient leaders of his own OPINIONS 125 race; but the chances are heavy that the cool judgment of Washington will be found a better guide than the impassioned eloquence of DuBois."—Evening Journal, Chicago, 111. "Estimated in gross, it may be that the influence of this son of a slave woman and an unknown father has been the greatest of all American forces for progress in our generation. The computation is beyond finite minds. Only the Supreme Judge can know the answer to the question. But at least we mortals can bid farewell to the departed man with deep respect and an acknowledgement of his to us unmeasurable value to our time."—Free Press, Detroit, Mich. "Since the ending of slavery, two really strong men of Negro blood stand out. Not that the race has produced but two men of marked ability, but those who have places fixed in history are Frederick Douglass and Booker T. Washington. The former performed a great service for his people in settling their political and civil status in the formative period following emancipation. "Fully as commanding a figure is Booker Washington, though he addressed himself to a different problem—the economic and social uplift of his race."— Bee, Omaha, Neb. THE COPPER HEAD PRESS ttTTI S success in keeping clear of po litical pitfalls was remarkable. Only once did he make a misstep in that direction. On that occasion he accepted an invitation to lunch at the White House, extended to him by President Roosevelt. Because that incident aroused feeling against him in the South, it was a mistake to give the invitation and a mistake to accept it. No intelligent American could have failed to enjoy a talk with Booker T. Washington, but invitations to 'break bread' in the White House carry with them what is called social recognition. It was unfortunate to have that question raised in the case of a man of such intellectual distinction as Mr. Washington and carrying such important responsibilities as he had assumed."—Post, Hartford, Conn. "The temptation to those interested in benefiting the Negro was to scold the whites for their refusal to recognize him. Race pride protested against Jim Crow cars, segregation in theatres, restrictions in residence. "This is precisely the kind of work Dr. Washington did not do. He seldom scolded the whites, and took his rebuffs with philosophy. Instead of calling upon the colored men to assert their rights, he set out to eradicate those Negro characteristics which made it impossible for Negroes to achieve rights."—Tribune, Chicago, 111. "Booker Washington was a black, thick-lipped, ungainly specimen, born in slavery without a knowledge of his father or his birth date. That is the picture of a real Negro. . . . "He plodded along, pulling his race with him, looking after the needs of the most lowly in a moral and intellectual way, demonstrating to the Negro that he could never be anything else but a Negro, that there was really no place worthy his effort in the political life of this nation to which he could reasonably aspire as a race for generations to come."—Record, Long Branch, N. J. THE SOUTH THE death of Booker T. Wash ington is a national misfortune, for his life was a national benefaction. He stood head and shoulders above any man of his race, and his towering figure for more than a generation was as a pillar of fire to light his people out of the darkness of ignorance, indolence and error. He was the Negro's wisest, bravest teacher and leader. He saw, as none more clearly, the black man's shortcomings and possibilities, his need and his hope. He devoted his life—every day of it, every energy of it—to bringing the descendants of the slaves to see these things as he saw them, to setting their feet upon the one path that opens their way to real freedom, material independence, respected and self-respecting citizenship. His work, great in its purpose, great in its results, was monumental. Now that he has laid it down may there be others as able, as devoted, to take it up. But where are they?"—Louisville (Ky.) Courier Journal. 126 THE CRISIS "At Tuskegee he merely taught the Xegro to help himself, to be more valuable as an artisan, a servant, a laborer. To fit him for this he readily obtained funds from southern white men. That he told the less sincere sources of income in the Xortli that he was making doctors and lawyers and great intellects in Tuskegee was thoroughly understood in the South and not criticized. Washington was practical; he knew diat to reach the pocketbooks of people who were not intimately acquainted with the Xegro and his problems and his tremendous needs he must appeal to their imaginations. So he did. This was misunderstood in the South for only a little while. Investigation of what was going on at Tuskegee ironed out all misapprehension."— Macon (Ga.) Telegraph. "But there is a second kind of limitation from which the three groups of the disadvantaged suffer, the limitations of an inner kind, resulting from a spirit that is less than free. To the breaking of the bonds diat lay about the spirits of his people rather than those that tied their feet. Booker T. Washington gave his life. Themselves, he would have break the bonds of sloth, of fear, of ignorance, of appetite. "If he seemed to underemphasize the difficulties growing out of external political and social restriction, it was rather due to his unceasing cry that the kingdom of power and wealth and dignity can rest finally only on spiritual achievement, self-control, foresight, thrift, the practice of the common virtues. Xo breaking of the outer bond can alone free the spiritual slave."—A Kentucky White Woman in The Survey. "The North has been misrepresented by a small class of fanatical and impracticable doctrinaires. Its supposed historic attitude toward the Xegro race is a lie—not a conscious lie reduced to the terms of an equation, but a lie nevertheless. This Booker Washington had the wit to percieve and he turned it handsomely to the account of his people in the South. Wealthy northerners saw. or thought they saw, the expediency of localizing the X'egro problem. Washington was a handy and a willing instrument to carry out their plans. W e are not saying that either they or he was wrong, that only the future can tell, but the course taken was the natural one, the line of least resistance. It may be best for all concerned that the process go on."—Columbia (^S. C.) State. "He was a great man. Xot great in a comparative sense or in that narrow judgment which merely records him as one who achieved well considering the circumstances that he was a Xegro, but regardless of all limitations. His career must stand as an ample answer to the theory that the X'egro is not capable of high intellectual and spiritual development, because he blazed his own way to usefulness and fame. . . . "The southern white people are ultimately to have as their neighbors many millions of black people ignorant, immoral, criminal, inefficient, filthy, diseased and hopeless or they are going to have as their neighbors a Xegro race that is intelligent, virtuous, efficient, honest, patriotic, friendly. Intelligent men and women know diat the South needs the latter. Washington strove for the better choice and he has blazed the way diat the leaders of his race will surely follow with patience, earnestness and determination."—Houston (Tex.) Post. "He worked out a set of ideals for his people, and to a remarkable extent made them follow those ideals. "He gave them what they needed. He told them the truth about themselves, even while he recognized dieir higher aspirations. He kept them from the specious lure of the 'white man's culture' and the petty and irritating demand for 'social equality.' He bade them develop their own capabilities. His theorv was that the Xegro should make himself the best and finest possible X'egro. instead of trying to make himself an imitation white man. And in that doctrine, and its successful preaching, lay another triumph of democracy."—Tulsa (Okla.) Democrat. "During the period of his leadership in his efforts to create a place in the world for his people, the race has made wonderful strides. The South, no less than any other part of the nation, recognizes and appreciates this. The thou OPINIONS sands of people of the South who accepted him as their premier will be better for Washington's great ability."—Jacksonville (Fla.) Metropolis. "The writer recalls hearing a distinguished North Carolina leader, Mr. Waddell, of Wilmington, express to Washington in The Advertiser office at Montgomery, the sense of obligation of the white people of his city because he had cancelled an engagement to lecture there on a date immediately following the unfortunate race riot there about 1900. That decision was real statesmanship on the part of Washington, and it was just such sympathy and sagacity, constantly exercized in matters large and small, that gave him the unstinted confidence of leading southern men."—Birmingham (AJa.) News. "Some Negroes and some northern white men thought him too subservient to the opinion of the white South ; some white men in the South thought he had too lofty ambitions for his race; some regarded him as a chameleon—proclaiming one race law South of the Potomac and another to the North. Sometimes, as in the famous Roosevelt episode, Washington gave ground for criticism; at other times and in most things, he went his way cautiously, conscious of his responsibilities and aware of the influence of his example. "It is not probable that history will pass a unanimous verdict on him. Opinion will probably remain divided. But the romance of his rise from slavery, the success of his efforts and his indisputable ability will give him a place among the most remarkable men his race has produced."—Richmond (Va.) News Leader. "Booker Washington's account is closed. Many things have been said for and against him. Some people in this country had faith in him that was almost fanatical, and lavished on him admiration and praise rather distasteful to those with whom the color line is an instinct and to whom the observance of it is almost a religion. Others regarded him as a bad and dangerous man. Some of his own color thought he was on the wrong line and was failing to give service for the large amounts of money he obtained. We will have the evidence presently and will be able to arrive at just judgment and accurate conclusions. We confess to having fell always a little doubt, hardly strong enough to be described as distrust, of the practical results of the Tuskegee School."—Richmond (Va.) Journal. "If Washington ever had any ideas of race equality, he never showed it or uttered it. lie wanted his people to take help from their white neighbors and to live well the parts of humble citizens. But he wanted them to live unto themselves and he had no mistaken ideas about amalgamation of the two races, the superior and the inferior. Only one act in all his life, so far as ever became generally known, contradicted this idea —that was when he ate dinner as a guest of Col. Roosevelt. And in all the controversy and criticism that followed that incident, Washington, so far as ever reached the general public, never had one word to say in defense of the incident or of criticism of the critics."—• Denton (Tex.) Record Chronicle. " 'He was a good Negro.' Thus will Alabama and Tuskegee, the little capital of Macon county, sum up their opinion of the Negro educator who died Sunday. "Washington did much for the uplift of his race and, by so doing, much for the benefit of the white people in his section of the South. Those who knew him best know that he was an unobtrusive personality. Working in a community traditionally ultra-southern, he kept his place as a Negro. Tuskegee Institute, just beyond the corporate limits of the tiny town from which it took its name, is as large as the town itself, and its population about on a numerical par; but if Washington vain-gloried in his achievements he kept the emotion locked in his heart. On the streets of Tuskegee, whether walking or driving behind his team of two beautiful bays, he represented to Tuskegee people 'a good Negro'—nothing less, nothing more."—Oklahoma City (Okla.) Oklahoma. The official statement of the governor of Alabama says: "In the death of Booker T. Washington the colored race has lost its greatest THE CRISIS leader. He was a man of unusual force and executive ability, and in many respects rose above the environment oi race. In my opinion, his efforts toward the development of his people have been of great benefit to them and to the entire South. Born a slave, living a life of earnest endeavor, and at his death the chief executive of an institution of nation-wide reputation created by his own brain and energy, demonstrates to the world the unbounded possibilities open to those whose purpose is to accomplish something, and marks him as one of the able men of his time." M MISCELLANEOUS WE trust that the members of the * * African M. E. Church are going to read with deep thought .the leading editorial of Editor R. C. Ransom, in the October number of the A. M. E. Church Review. We quote a single paragraph: "Petty chiefs, struggling for the ascendency in Mexico and Haiti have brought anarchy and bankruptcy, with their attendant ills, to these two unhappy republics. Are we to round out a century of denominational life by Mexicanizing or Haitianizing the A. M. E. Church? Certainly the stage is well prepared for the enactment of such a tragedy. The principals are preparing their roles, and many actors are ready to step from behind the scenes even before the curtain rises on the next General Conference. Shall the A. M. E. Church go the way of the Black Republic of Haiti, and thus give added evidence to the wide belief that the Negro is incapable of self-government in church as well as in state ? Office, honor, authority, power; to attain these things strong men both in Mexico and Haiti have sacrificed their country upon the altar of their personal ambitions. At bottom it is just this sort of thing that is transpiring in the A. M. E. Church. There is no question of division among us on doctrine, on the best methods of propagating the work of education, or missions, or over the grave moral, social and political questions of the times. There is nothing about great constructive movements for the social, moral and spiritual advancement of the people. No; it is principally about who among us shall be chief. By some of the bishops we hear the cry of 'sectionalism' and 'politics' raised. But if the cry of sectionalism has been raised, and political methods pursued to place men in the Bishopric, we should not be surprised to find them resorting to the unworthy methods by which they attained their high position." Persons who wonder at the "conver sion" of the northern press to southern ideals, should read and reflect upon this extract from the Tampa, Fla. Times. "Hurrah for the Dixie highway!" "Under this caption the Chicago Herald, published by James Keeley, presents a leading editorial in which a beautiful, truth-giving tribute is paid the South and southern people. "The Herald editorial contrasts so greatly with the venemous attacks on the South and southerners by the Chicago Tribune in its rabid discussion of the lynching of Leo Frank that the Times reprints it in full and urges all Floridians to read it and then thank the editor for his display of fairmindedness. Mr. Keeley, who was an editor of the Memphis Commercial Appeal before he began his career in Chicago, knows the South and southern people, and therefore respects their traditions." The Lagos Standard, published in Sierre Leone, West Africa, quotes and strongly commends the "Immediate Program for American Negroes," delivered before the last annual meeting of the N. A. A. C. P. "The program as we have before said is not only for the American Negro but for the African Negro as well. It will serve the purposes, aims and aspirations of the race in this part of the world to such a marked degree producing at the same time such appreciative results, as will bring the race to inter-racial recognition on all lines." What is the cause of the unrest in India? S. R. Wagel thus explains it in the New York Times: "It is unfortunate that throughout the world the nature of the British connection with India has been misrepresented; and well-meaning neutrals have been made to believe that Indians are guilty of unpardonable ingratitude in even thinking ill of Great Britain, which has OPINIONS 129 done 'so much' for India. It is this false idea that obscures the whole situation ; and appearances have been also in favor of the belief that the people of India are grateful to British rule. "At the same time there is no denying even on the authority of British witnesses, that there is serious unrest in the country. The causes of the unrest are more fundamental than Mr. Dulles believes they are, and are more economic and political than social. It is no use forgetting the fact that the British are in India, and are going to remain there as long as they are strong enough to maintain dteir authority. It is also plain that the British hold the country primarily for their own benefit and prestige, and it is but natural that such should be the case. Knowing full well the nature of international morals Indians are not so devoid of sense as to whine and complain when they are aware of the fact that only strength on their part, or want of strength on the part of the British, alone could give them the kind of freedom necessary for their getting on in the world. "But the British are pursuing a very immoral course when they assume, or pretend to have, a moral sanction to their position in India, and blackguard the people of India to justify their rule and its continuance. It is very often stated that the people of India are not fitted for self-government and will not be fit for hundreds of years to come. History teaches that no nation was ever fitted for self-government before it obtained it. A nation fits itself for self-government by various and arduous steps, under the kindly guidance of the men in authority. Education is made free and all steps are taken to make the common people as enlightened as possible." The December, 1914, Monthly Bulletin of the Ohio State Board of Health says: "It is very evident, therefore, that in addition to providing better housing conditions for our Negro population, it is necessary to revolutionize in a way the social and economic standards of this race. The best general remedy to apply is education. W e have no sympathy with the prevailing opinion of the South, namely, that the Negro when educated loses his usefulness. With few exceptions, the educated Negro is the one whose standards of living have been materially improved and are comparatively high, the one who knows how to live in the most hygienic manner, and the one who is not a breaker of the laws and a resident of our jails and penitentiaries, but in most instances is a good citizen. "It is important, therefore, that health departments and health officials as well as the social workers in this state, meet the problem of increasing sickness and death among the members of this race and deal with it in a manner which is in every sense in accord with the well recognized principles of sanitary and social science." William H. Chenery, who conducts a column in the Chicago Herald, has this story: "A football player from one of the local high schools, a southern boy, as it happens, told the story. " T had a funny experience last Saturday,' he said. T was running down the field on the kick-off when I saw a colored fellow. He plays half back on the High School and he's good. It was my business to put him out. I hit him squarely with my shoulder and bowled him over. " 'The ball was downed a few feet away and I stood there, near the fellow. I laughed and said to him, I got you that time. He didn't say anything, but when he got up he held his hands over his head. He thought I was going to hit him.' " 'Gee, it must be tough to be always expecting somebody to have it in for you!' "In that small incident is a miniature of the routine meaning of race prejudice. The white player had no intention of 'being dirty,' but the colored boy had no assurance that he was safe. Even in a game he thought at least that he had to be on guard, that everybody might 'have it in for him.' For his own part, he was square—his white opponents testify to that. But always he must pay a penalty to blind dislike. In that slow process is the tragedy, vastly more wearing, than are the violent outbreaks of racial feelings." MAJOR CHARLES YOUNG, U. S. A. Born in Kentucky 1868. Educated in the public schools of Ohio. Graduated from West Point 1889. Has served in the 7th, 9th and 10th Cavalry and 25th Infantry of the United States Army. Was a Major in the Spanish War, Superintendent of the Sequoia and Grant National Parks of California, and has seen military service in Haiti, the Philippines and Liberia. He has been suddenly recalled from Liberia and may take command of the new Constabulary in Haiti. MAJOR ROBERT RUSSA MOTEN Born in Virginia in 1867. Graduated from Hampton Institute in 1890. Has served for twenty-five years as Commandant of Cadets at Hampton Institute and has spoken for Hampton and led its singers all over the United States. He is Secretary of the Jeanes Fund, President of the Negro Organization Society of Virginia, and has written the story of his life for the World's Work. Mr. Moten will probably succeed Booker T. Washington as Principal of Tuskegee. Editorial THE NEW YEAR NE W Year, Comrades! Come, let us sit here high in the Hills of Life and take counsel one with another. How goes the battle there below, down where dark waters foam, and dun dust fills the nostrils and the hurry and sweat of human kind is everywhere ? Evil, evil, ves, I know. Yonder is murder: so thick is the air with blood and groans that our pulses no longer quicken, our eyes and ears are dull. Here, to home-wards, is breathless gain and gambling and the steady, unchecked, almost unnoticed growth of human hate. What then, Comrades? Shall we give up ? Shall we hold our hands and voices, shall we cease complaint? Shall we forego striving, shall we bury hope ? Never! Such is the way of weaklings and cowards. Up! Look! See the faint flamings to northwards, hear the faint voices in the East, and the song that sings in the West, swelling softly above the sigh. Courage then and grim content. What more can true men ask than God's alembic, Time? Behold this greatest of Christmas gifts—A New Year: A clean, white sheet of Life, the rugged swell of endless earth, the great, swift curve of sky; and all within the unshaken Will to be, the unfaltering Dream to do—what more shall we ask, Comrades, what more was ever asked bv men ? LAZY LABOR ' O R bull-headed inability I t o reason, commend us | t o Mr. John A. Todd, B.L., who has recently i published "The World's Cotton Crops." He says: "But even if the boll weevil were extinct tomorrow, the increase of the American cotton area would still be hindered by another difficulty; namely, the lack of sufficient labor. Cotton has always been regarded as a cheap-labor crop, that is to say, a crop that can only be profitably cultivated where there is an ample supply of cheap labor. Such a supply of labor was obtained in the United States by the introduction of the slaves, who, though neither very industrious nor efficient, could be trained to the necessary processes of cultivation and picking. Indeed, it is admitted that a good Negro is the best cotton cultivator, if he can be persuaded to do his best. But since the liberation of the slaves, good Negroes have become almost the exception; the average 'nigger' has an incurable aversion to steady and especially prolonged labor. Two or three days' labor will earn a wage sufficient to keep him for a week, and that is all he wants. Nothing will persuade him to work six days a week, let alone seven, even in the busiest part of the picking season, when, owing to the uncertainty of the weather, a day's delay may mean irreparable damage to his crop. No matter what happens, he must have his Saturday off to go to town and buy 'rations' and spend his week's wage. Even when the land and crop are his own, be seems to have no desire to make more money than is sufficient to keep him, and is quite content to remain a day-laborer all his life, when a few years of steady hard work and careful saving would put him in a position of independence, from which he might easily rise to comparative affluence. The scarcity of labor EDITORIAL has only resulted in raising the general level of wages, and enabling the Negro to adopt a higher standard of living, and copy the luxuries of the white man. A horse and saddle to ride to town with on Saturdays, expensive clothes, and the best brown boots that money can buy, gold-filled teeth, and gramophones, are his idea of life. The contrast between all this and the position of the Egyptian fellah, with his unlimited capacity for patient plodding work from morning to night, for almost seven days a week, and from one year's end to another, on a wage of less than a quarter of that of the American Negro, which yet enables him to maintain a standard of living that makes him the healthiest and the strongest agricultural laborer in the world,.is painful in the extreme." It occurs to us to make two comments: First, if this kind of "laziness" has succeeded in raising the rate of wages and the standard of living of black men we strongly recommend more laziness of the same kind. Secondly, we wish to call to Mr. Todd's mind the fact that not only has this lazy laborer bought "brown boots" and "gramophones" but also, according to the census of 1910, 218,972 of these families representing over a million people have also bought land. This land has increased from 6,000,000 acres in 1880 to 8,000,000 in 1890; 12,000,000 in 1900, and 20,000,000 in 1910, or a realm as large as Ireland. W e have, we assure Mr. Todd, deep sympathy with the patient plodding Egyptian fellah but we hope to high Heaven that he will soon get "lazy" enough to raise his wage to some dim resemblance of decency. THE LATEST CRAZE KLAHOMA seems to be a natural hunting ground for those persons, white and black, who wish to mislead the colored people. Yesterday it was Chief Sam and his West African Migration. Today it is the "Chief Counsel for the Civil War Cotton Revenue Tax Claimants of Sixty-Eight Million Dollars." The Secretary of the Treasury said last month: "There is no fund of $68,000,000, or any other sum in the treasury of the United Slates for former slaves or their heirs, or for any other persons who worked in the cotton fields of the South." This, however, does not worry that "Attorney of Record" who lightly says that even if the money is not there his organization proposes to claim it. Of course, he can claim it and anybody else can claim it and they may also claim the moon but the chance of getting the one is about as great as that of getting the other. We trust that few colored people are going to be beguiled into throwing away their money in such a quest. SSl Editorial from Le Nouvelliste, Port-Au-Prince, Haiti. HE American eagle is spreading its wings more and more upon our territory. The events of yesterday were a living expression of the clearly outlined and executed purpose of the Star-Spangled Republic in disembarking its troops. "While putting into effect the plan long delayed, the northern republic seems to say to the world that she is re-establishing order and peace and, to us Haitians especially, that we have no reason at all for anxiety. But how can we lend an ear to such declarations when the American occupation, in the more than suggestive form adopted yesterday, is not only an annexation, not even a protectorate, but rather a frank attempt at colonization, if we call things by their names, without ambiguity and without euphemisms. THE CRISIS Copyright by Underwood and Underwood, N. Y. OUR CHRISTMAS GREETING TO HAITI: "PEACE ON EARTH, GOOD WILL TOWARD MEN" "By the will of Rear Admiral Caper-ton there are in the capital of Haiti, a military controller and an officer in charge of the civil departments. By what means can we reconcile all this with the essential attributes of an independent nation ? "The United States of America have for some time been introducing astonishing and strange innovations in international law. Certain it is that our great northern neighbor has international lawyers of ability, and it is to their authority that we refer in order to determine in their own light the acts which are now being put into effect by the American officers in our country. "And these things are seen while nearly the whole world is enflamed for the maintenance of the principles safeguarding the weak peoples : respect for Belgian territory and the non-enslaving of the Serbian people. Nobody wants to take the responsibility for such aggression^—neither those who needed war nor those who profit by it. "What is happening now in this hemisphere and in our own country? With the rapidity of action which characterizes the Germanic peoples, the German Legation sent an energetic protest in answer to the circular of the American Legation giving notice of the political measures taken upon our territory. "The German Legation invokes the law of nations against this procedure unknown to international custom and employed by the guardian of law and justice in America." OUR POLICY J^n^Jg P ERSONS who send us clippin g contributions and pictures often assume or seem to assume that the acceptance or rejection of articles is purely a personal matter between them and the editor. They forget the Third Person, the Reader. Now, the editor may to a vast extent educate the Reader, he may inform and lead him; he may EDITORIAL even to some extent debauch, force and cajole him, but in the long run the Reader is the ruler. He is the one who decides what the magazine will print and what it must reject. Before him the Editor stands more often as servant than as master. He may in time gain influence and ascendency but he must always serve to a large extent his readers' tastes.. Now comes a manuscript. Four questions may be asked: 1. Does the writer deserve credit for producing it? 2. Does the editor like it? 3. Will the readers like it ? 4. Ought the readers to like it? Number one must be ruled out immediately. The editor if he has time and secretaries enough may commend the writer for his efforts and promise, but these are not reasons for publishing the manuscript. If the editor likes the manuscript this is not sufficient reason for publishing it. He must ask : Will the readers like it? If the answer is "yes"—the manuscript is accepted; if it is "no"—then there comes the greater and more difficult question: How far is this something which the readers ought to read despite their likes? How far is it something that they should be educated up to or become intelligent about or aroused over? How far will publication now and in this form induce them to read what they are not willing to read? All these are serious questions. The editor who insists continually on publishing what he likes and what his readers •do not like will eventually ruin his magazine. The editor who merely caters to his readers present tastes will miss his greatest possible service if he does not sink to positive dissemination of evil. To preserve that balance of judgment and foresight on the one hand which will make the magazine popular, and on the other hand make it a real force for education and uplift—this is no easy task and calls for unusual ability and clairvoyance if it is well done. When, therefore, TH E CRISIS stoops for popularity by blazing pictures and covers and "light" stories remember that the Ladies Llomc Journal and McClurcs and similar publications got their circulation in just that way, and TH E CRISIS must have circulation. If on the other hand TH E CRISIS preaches and complains ad nauseam, remember that this is not a mere magazine—it is a magazine with a purpose. A SUGGESTION SIMPLE and feasible memorial to Booker T. Washington may be contributed by the col ored people alone. As we said in our last number the mortgage on the Frederick Douglass Home, near Washington, D. C, must be raised. Mr. Washington was interested in this project and helped raise a part of the mortgage. Could not his colored friends and admirers raise the rest and present it to the Douglass Home as a Booker Washington Memorial Fund? ([Mr. Bell, a colored teacher in one of the city schools in New Orleans, recently received the following note: "Say, Mr. Nigger, you must move at once or we will burn you out. "Tired having Niggers acting like white people, living in fine houses and singing and playing the piano. Last warning. Give you one month to move out. Move across the street in those small houses suited for Niggers. "Com. of White Men." Afterward Mr. Bell's house "caught" fire. "AUNT BET T T was just about the end of the Civil *• War when she came to us. Grandfather seemed to have a knack of picking up the most efficient help in the most unexpected ways. I believe he was on his way to the bank, when his attention was attracted by a beady-eyed, agile little woman hurrying across the avenue with a bandanna bundle poised easily upon her head. The chef had just asked for another assistant as the old one was getting too slow. Perhaps—well, just how the bargain was struck I do not now recall, but from that day until her death, a few months ago, she was a member of our family. How old she was we could only guess, as she persisted in being "half-ahundred'' until the day of her death, and her appearance afforded no clue to the mystery. To me she seemed never to have been any more or any less and I never had the temerity to question her too closely upon the subject. In fact, I never wholly recovered from my earliest recollections of this little ebony autocrat of the kitchen. I remember so well the picture she made in the old whitewashed summer-kitchen of our country home, where she held sway during the slack season at the hotel. Irresistibly drawn byr the seductive odor of browning corn bread, one little face after the other, wistful, piquant, or bold, according to the disposition of the owner, would peer in through the open door, each with its eyes fastened on the ostentatiously busy little body at the oven door. We knew just how she would do it. First, the hand under the apron—and such an apron— like the apparel of Robin Hood's palmer, "patched both beneath and above," but never, oh! never, other than spotlessly clean; then the bobbing of the bandanna head, the deft opening of the oven door; a triumphant flourish, and with "a final satisfactory, "Dah, now!" the coveted prize was turned out upon the shining table. We knew we should each get a generous slice ; but, oh ! the delicious thrills of half-fear that accompanied its final capture. Sometimes she accompanied her "Get out a-heah, you pesterin' little rapscallions !" with a wild flourish of her glittering carving knife! Ah, was ever corn bread so delicious! Then, too, there was her garden. Everyone knew who'd have the first peas in the neighborhood. Not that Aunt Bet ever went out to see. It was her boast to the day of her death that she "never had nothin' to do with no nigger" (she was just sunburned), and as she '"spized white folks," it is not hard to believe that she never ventured outside the front gate except on the rarest occasions, when there was absolutely nobody else to go to the corner for groceries. Her "people," her chickens (she always had a "Thomas Jefferson" and "Mirandy" on the roosts), her two ancient revolvers, relics of her war experiences, each one glorying in a mighty name—and last but not least, "Old Tom" —but if I should tell you of these, I should write a book. SEBASTIAN GOMEZ By AUTHUR A. SCHOMBURG AMONG the great painters who have school of painting, in his "History of achieved honor and recognition by Granada" (1846). Sebastian Gomez their talents the least has been said of was a pupil here with Alonzo Mena, Sebastian Gomez of the city of Sevilla Geronimo Cieza, S. H. Barnuevo, Pedro in Spain. M. L. Alcantara mentions the A. Bocanegra, Jose Risueno, Ambrosio famous school of Alonso Cano of the Martinez and Juan Nino de Guevara, XVII century, the father of Granada's who contributed notable canvases to THE "JIM-CROW" CAR adorn the church edifices and private residences of Granada. It is to be regretted that the early life of Sebastian Gomez is shrouded in mystery because of the odious curse of slavery, that repressive institution which has killed the noblest aspirations of so many. Some further information may, however, be found in the Historical Dictionary of the most illustrious professors of Belles-Arts in Spain, written by Juan Cean Bermudez and published by the Royal Academy of San Fernando, Madrid, 1800, in six volumes: "Sebastian Gomez, called the Mulatto of Murillo, was a Spanish painter." He was a "slave of that gTeat artist, and by his application was able to imitate his master in the moments of his servitude. In this manner he became a famous painter, with good taste, a heavy brush on his canvases and an exactness in his drawing. The 'Virgin and Child,' located in the portico of the Church of the Mercenary Barefooted Fathers of Se-villa, painted by his hand, is very charming. The canvas, 'Christ attached to a pillar and St. Peter kneeling at His feet,' is in the vestry of the Capuchins Convent of that city, and a 'St. Joseph' and a 'St. Ann' in the choir below the Convent are noted for their harmony of color, masterly handling of light and shade and their remarkable fidelity of life. It is believed that he outlived his master and died in the city of Sevilla." The city of Sevilla is remarkable for having as early as 1360 a Chapel for Negroes, which was founded by Archbishop Gonzalo dc Mena, who died in the year 1401. The Chapel was known as "Our Lady of the Angels," with a brotherhood. When their benefactor died the Negroes in a body, as a mark of respect, followed the funeral cortege to the Monastry of Cartuja in the majestic Sierra Nevada Mountains. (An-ales Eclesiasticos y Seculares etc., Ortiz de Zuniga, Madrid, 1677.) Gomez' master, Bartolome Esteban Murillo, was one of Sevilla's most cherished and best loved sons, and is known the world over for his religious compositions, portraying wonderful expressions of tenderness and motherly solicitude. Sebastian Gomez died during the year 1680 and was buried in the city of Sevilla. We are thankful to historian Alcantara that he has given him a place in the niche of fame where he properly belongs with those others, who, during that early century, helped to perpetuate the glory of Spain. We recall also the Ne-" gro, Juan Latino, whose name adorns Alcantara's history among the "poetas granadinos," who flourished with Luis Marmol, Diego Hurtado de Mendoza and Pedro Soto de Rojas. THE "JIM-CROW" CAR AN N. A. A. C. P. INVESTIGATION, PART II. By T. MONTGOMERY GREGORY ONE of the greatest injustices of the "Jim Crow" car system is the unequal accommodations provided for Negroes for equal fares. Numerous instances, varying from the sickening conditions on the local lines to the more favorable ones on some of the main lines, present a situation that is intolerable. Dilapidated wooden coaches, cramped space, dirty and unsanitary interiors, and indecent toilet facilities, are some of the conditions that violate the requirements of equal accommodations as well as the sense of decency and justice. But these physical aspects of the "Jim Crow" car system are not the only ones that make travel for the Negro unbearable. In fact, I feel that the service and general treatment accorded colored passengers by the officials of the road is the worst evil of them all. I have already cited instances where the officers of the road—conductors and baggage-men— smoked in the colored coach. This abuse is not an uncommon one on the local lines. Furthermore, white men have no hesitation in freely invading the colored coaches, where they lounge and smoke at will. Appeals to the conductor, as in 138 THE the case noted before, receive only ridicule and contempt. In practically every "Jim Crow" coach in which I travelled the conductor used the coach as a storage room for his large train boxes and often for his clothes. In my ride from Washington to Columbia on the Seaboard, the conductor moved a colored passenger in order to make use of two seats for his boxes and record books. The conductor together with all the other train hands used the coach as a lounging and gossiping center all night long. These officers of the road seem to take delight in annoying the occupants of the "Crow'' coach. The worst nuisance of all is, however, the "butcher," or vendor. This objectionable man—in the South he is always a man, never a boy—does all in his power to add to the unpleasantness of your travel. In the first place he stores all of his wares, over-ripe fruit, candy, tobacco, soft drinks, and books in at least two seats of the car. On the Seaboard train already spoken of the "butcher" ordered a Negro passenger out of the two end seats that he might jilace his goods upon them. The conductor had already moved another passenger that he might use two other seats for his truck. Thus most of the limited accommodations were seized by these subalterns of the road. This storage of his goods by the "butcher" in the "Jim Crow" coach not only monopolizes needed space, but the over-ripe fruit and the candy attract flies and vermin and thus make the coach unsanitary and unhealthy. Finally, these "butchers" are insulting to colored passengers, especially to women and girls. In offering their wares they will fawn over them, pluck them by the arm, and often insult them. I have in hand several specific instances of such behavior, but one will serve: In the coach going from Columbia to Sumter. South Carolina, two modest girls in their teens, sisters, were continually approached in a familiar manner by the "butcher," to their evident annoyance and embarrassment. The climax came when he stuck insinuatingly under their noses several indecent books; among them were these two: "How to Kiss," "Married Life." Must unpro CRISIS tected women and innocent girls be subjected to the insults and annoyances of these panderers? Frankness compels us to complain of another employee of the railroads. He is the colored porter who is given charge of the Negro coach, but who is frequently a sort of pseudo-valet or personal attendant on the conductor. These porters are permitted or seemingly encouraged to make no attempt to keep the colored coach clean and fit for habitation. The coaches are uniformly filthy and many persons carry brushes with them to clean the seats before using them. The writer has seen time and again these porters devoting their time to cleaning the boots and clothes of the conductor, when they should have been giving attention to the coach. Still another failure to provide proper service for colored passengers and one that is seldom mentioned, is in the neglect to provide an extra step or rest for alighting from the car, a convenience that is always provided for the whites. The distance is usually very great, and it is difficult for a man to step it with comfort; yet ladies and children are compelled to alight from the cars as best they can. always to their discomfort, often to their danger. These then are the conditions of travel for the Xegro on the southern lines. They are conditions supported bv irrefutable evidence. They are conditions that the great majority of the race are forced to endure daily. X o self-respecting man can submit to them without shame and humiliation, and yet he must see his wife and daughters suffer under them. Is it any wonder then, that the writer found the Negroes of the South earnest and pathetically urgent in their protests against these detestable conditions, and in their hopes that they would he remedied soon ? I shall not forget soon the eager faces and the loud acclamations of sincere approval when my mission in the South was made known to a Baptist congregation in Sumter. South Carolina. Everywhere wasmade to feel that this attempt at righting these conditions by the N. A. A. C. P. was earnestly welcomed by the colored people in every hamlet and city of the South. National Association for the Advancement of Colored People GOV. CAPPER OF KANSAS,  PRES. TOPEKA N. A. A. C P. GOV. F. B. WILLIS OF OHIO GOVERNORS OF TWO STATES AGAINST PHOTO PLAY LIBEL PROTESTS against the production of "The Birth of a Nation," from correspondents of the Association in Kansas were referred by the National Office to Governor Capper, whom the Association is honored in having as President of its Topeka Branch. Governor Capper writes as follows: "Answering your letter of November 23rd, will say that the 'Birth of a Nation' will not show in Kansas. I informed those interested in it that I would not stand for it in this State and the company has announced that they will not come here. I do not believe in promoting any picture show or play that will stir up race prejudice, and as long as I am governor I will do all in my power to stop them." In Ohio the producers of the play made a skillful attempt to outwit the State authorities, who have taken a vigorous and uncompromising stand against it by offering it as a complimentary feature of the "Buckeye Corn Special Tour," which is an annual excursion, "promoted in the interest of education and patriotism." In response to a protest from National Headquarters to Governor Willis the following was received: "I am in receipt of your letter concerning the attendance on the photo-play, 'The Birth of a Nation,' by the members of the Corn Boys' Special on its Eastern trip. I am glad to inform you that I believe this situation has been satisfactorily arranged. On the 23rd day of November I learned for the first time that it was proposed that the photo-play in question was a part of the official entertainment provided for the Corn Boys' trip. Upon receipt of this information I immediately called Mr. T. P. Riddle, of Lima, Ohio, manager of the Corn Boys' tour, by 'phone and informed him that in my judgment it was entirely improper that a play which had been barred by the Ohio State Board of Film Censors, as being an improper play to be exhibited in Ohio, should be made a part of the official entertainment on this excursion outside of Ohio. I called his attention to the fact that such action on his part would be highly offensive to a large body of our citizens who do not approve of this photo-play, and furthermore it would place the State of Ohio in a most ridiculous position. It would be absurd for the State to say that the photo-play in question could not be exhibited inside of the State, but that it would aid in paying the expense of its citizens to go outside of the State to see the same play. Furthermore, I wrote Mr. Riddle promptly and vigorously on this subject. I have before me his letter in which he says that he will arrange to provide a substitute entertainment for the members of the Buckeye Corn Special party. I may add that in my talk with him by 'phone, I informed him also that unless some other official entertain- THE CRISIS ment were provided in lieu of the photoplay in question that I should feel constrained to cancel my connection with the trip." The excursion generally includes from one thousand to two thousand people, many of whom are young boys. Mr. T. P. Riddle, who has charge of the tour, writing in the same circular, which announced the "Birth of a Nation" as a part of the official program, tells the anecdote of Lincoln's historic trip down the Mississippi and his visit to the slave market, concluding with these words: "When was the seed of emancipation planted ? The impressions made by the things which that country boy saw and heard on that trip down the Mississippi in 1831 proved the seed from which developed the liberation of millions and the restoration of the Union. "Many homes and many communities in years to come will reap benefits from the impressions made by the things seen and heard upon these Buckeye Corn Special Tours." The benefits our Republic will be likely to reap in future generations from the degrading spectacle known as "The Birth of a Nation" can perhaps be inferred from the remark of a young boy, who, after seeing the play in New York, said to a friend: "I'd like to kill every nigger I know." The Association appreciates the prompt and vigorous co-operation of its Ohio branches in this matter, news of which first came from the Cleveland Branch through Mr. Harry E. Davis, its attorney. M ST. LOUIS THE campaign against the proposed A Segregation Ordinance, which the St. Louis Branch has been organizing for several months, was formally launched at a mass meeting November 8th, held in Central Baptist Church at which the Pastor, the Rev. George E. Stevens, author of "Negro Segregation," presided. The speakers included Congressman L. C. Dyer, Miss Nerney and the following clergymen: Rev. B. G. Shaw, Otho Brandt and S. W. Parr. The referendum is the "Legislative and Democratic Reform," by which it is proposed to decide if a "Black Ghetto" shall be established in St. Louis when on February 29th the Segregation Ordinance will be submitted to the thirty thousand white and fifteen thousand colored voters. The real estate group, who are responsible for the ordinance, are securing wide publicity for their views through the distribution of a leaflet called "The Home Defender," and dirough their invaluable ally, "The Birth of a Nation." As the great audiences file out of the theatre, after having witnessed the chase of the white girl by the Negro, "Gus," they are given copies of the "Home Defender," urging them to defend their homes by voting for the Segregation Ordinance. The ordinance itself is a sublimated form of the St. Louis "and Baltimore ordinances. The former has been appealed to the Supreme Court by the National Association, and the latter, which has been fought in various forms by the Baltimore Branch, is now awaiting decision in the highest court in Maryland. The framers of die St. Louis ordinance point with pride to its absolute justice to both races, which perhaps is best illustrated by its Servant Clause, which provides not only that colored servants of white persons shall be exempt from the provisions of the ordinance, but also WHITE SERVANTS OF COLORED PERSONS. Enrolled against die Ordinance are the St. Louis Branch, a majority of the colored clergy, the white press, with a single exception, and many representative white people. The Branch has organized for the campaign through several strong committees; the Segregation and Finance Committees, with Mr. Pitman and Dr. T. A. Curtis as Chairmen, and the Legal and Publicity Committees, with Attorneys Phillips and Vaughn as Chairmen, are indefatigable in their efforts to reach the people. Meetings are being held everywhere, letters have been sent to the white press and to the white clergy, leaflets have been printed for house to house distribution in a campaign of education among both white and" black; the city has been districted, funds collected and headquarters opened. Through Mr. A. W. Lloyd, Grand Chan N. A. A. C. P. cellor of the Knights of Pythias, the Pythians of Missouri have given the use of several rooms in their beautiful temple as headquarters. In order to assist the able Secretary of the Branch, Mrs. H. A. Smith, Miss Helen Spears has been appointed stenographer and clerk in charge of headquarters. Mr. Paul W. Mosley has been appointed solicitor. A certified public accountant has approved the business methods of the Branch, opened its books and audits all accounts. There has been some question as to the advisability of enjoining the election commissioners from holding the proposed election. A concensus of the best legal opinion in Missouri, and Mr. Storey, counsel for the National Association, strongly advise against this course. In spite of this some of the colored people of St. Louis have announced their intention of taking such action, and of raising six hundred dollars to retain a lawyer. The N. A. A. C. P. welcomes the cooperation of other organizations and individuals not included in its membership who are willing to fight this ordinance, and is glad to give them full credit, but it cannot but deplore disagreement and friction at such a crisis. The Bourbons of St. Louis will have reason to congratulate themselves if the colored people split on this issue while the enemy as usual stands as one. THE SECRETARY'S TRIP ON the trip recently taken in the in terest of the Association through the Middle West the Secretary visited eight branches, reaching at least five thousand people through public meetings, and everywhere finding evidences of the vitality of the work of the N. A. A. C. P. The large southern population, both colored and white, throughout this section of the country is responsible for much of the increase in discrimination. A number of valuable suggestions made by our branches and several important legal cases referred by them to National Headquarters are now under advisement. It is hoped as a result that a more practical plan for cooperation may be worked out. The results that have been accomplished by these branches in the face of most discouraging difficulties are promising. Ohio is still vigilant in its campaign against "The Birth of a Nation" and St. Louis' splendid work against the segregation ordinance is of importance to colored people everywhere. St. Louis had the best meetings of any of the branches. The women particularly showed great interest and the resolutions that they sent to the Association are much appreciated. Lack of space only prevents our publishing them in full. jus. THE ANNUAL MEETING THE Annual Meeting of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People will be held in New York City at the Assembly Room of the Society for Ethical Culture, Central Park West and 64th Street on Monday afternoon, January 3rd, 1916, at half past two. The session will be open only to members who have paid their dues. There will be reports from officers and branches, and the following nominations for Directors for terms expiring in 1919 will be voted upon: Mr. George W . Crawford, New Haven. Bishop John Hurst, Baltimore. Mr. Paul Kennaday, New York. Mr. Joseph P. Loud, Boston. Dr. William A. Sinclair, Philadelphia. Mr. Arthur B. Spingarn, New York. Mr. Charles H. Studin, New York. Miss Lillian D. Wald, New York. Rev. G. R. Waller, Springfield, Mass. Mr. Butler R. Wilson, Boston. On February 11th and 12th there will be a Conference in New York City ending in a mass meeting in Carnegie Hall when the Spingarn Medal will be awarded and the prize scholarship, for which branches recently competed, announced. Speakers of national reputation will be heard at this conference which will take the place of the conference generally held in the spring. Every member of the Association should attend these meetings. Q^J BRANCHES THE branch elections held early in A November seem to have given general satisfaction. Lack of space pre 142 THE vents our publishing the names of the new officers and committees. W e are sure that the results of their work, which will appear throughout the year in T HE CRISIS, will justify the confidence of the branches in their choice of representatives. Prize Contest — Returns from the Prize Contest are so late in reaching us that it has been decided to postpone publishing the results until next month. Albuquerque, with the aid of the Civic League, has prevented "The Birth of a Nation" from being shown. The Branch has also been successful in having abbreviations used to indicate race omitted from the city directory. Baltimore—The case of Maryland vs. Jackson, involving the segregation ordinance, which the Branch has fought in various forms since its introduction several years ago, has been argued and is now awaiting decision in the Maryland Court of Appeals. At a public meeting held at Sparrows Point on November 23rd a number of new members were enrolled. Cleveland has been successful in compelling a restaurant keeper to take down discriminatory signs. Columbus—As the result of a prosecution conducted by the Branch a patrolman has lost his position. This man, Thomas E. Dunn, was found guilty of beating an old colored man whom he was attempting to arrest. Another patrolman, named Tiller, who, it was alleged, assisted in the arrest, was suspended with Dunn pending investigation. Testimony brought out that Dunn was the aggressor, Tiller having merely tried to dissuade him. The discharged officer is the same man who was suspended for trying to arrest the Tyler boys without a warrant, another case handled by the Branch, an account of which is given in T HE CRISIS for November. Des Moines—Nearly seven hundred persons were present at the entertainment given by Mr. E. R. Hall in the name of the Association, the proceeds of which have been devoted to increasing the circulation of T HE CRISIS among white people of prominence. The entertainment consisted of a two-act comedy, "The Rainbow Kimona," under the di CRISIS rection of Miss Feme Allen; a one-act sketch, entitled, "When the Worm Turns," and musical selections. All the voung people played their parts exceptionally well. January 1st will be observed by the Branch as Emancipation Day, with Attorney-General Cosson as the chief speaker. District of Columbia—The following abstracts from letters to the President of this Branch speak for themselves: "I am sure you will be glad to know that I have received my appointment in the Bureau. I shall always remember and be grateful for your kind interest in my appointment." "Some time ago I took the civil service examination for skilled laborer. I made an average of 93.82 and the number of persons whose names were ahead of me on the register established from this examination was eleven. In June, before going away for the summer, I inquired of the Civil Service Commission and was told that fifty persons had been appointed from this register. The appointment clerk told me that nothing could be done, as I had not been selected from the names certified. "I was discouraged and gave up in despair. I mentioned the matter to my pastor, who asked me to let him take my papers, saying he would see the President of the District of Columbia Branch. I gladly consented. That was the first week in November. On November 11th my pastor called with a note from you and accompanied me to the Rureau, where I saw the Director. He read the note, summoned his secretary and directed him to take me to the appointment clerk. On November 19th I was called to work and am now at work. "I now realize I am under great obligations to the N. A. A. C. P., and to you personally. I thank you heartily, and expect to join the Association, which is helping so wonderfully to aid those who have no influence. I never knew the value of such an organization until now. I shall be glad to be of whatever service I may be to the Association." Kansas City, Kansas, is co-operating with the Spring Valley Colored Im GO! 143 provement Association in opposing the eftorts of the Linwood Improvement Association (white) to force a number of colored families to move from the district which lies immediately next to the section occupied by the Linwood Association. Peoria includes among its officers and executive committee some of the best known people in the city. Although very recently chartered, it has held a series of public meetings which have been well attended and is now endeavoring to pass an ordinance which will prohibit photoplays likely to cause race friction. Pittsburgh — Two meetings w h i c h aroused wide interest in the work of the N. A. A. C. P. were held by the Branch in the Metropolitan Baptist Church, the largest church of that denomination on the North Side, the Rev. IV. K. Brown, pastor, and in the Trinity A. M. E. Church, the Rev. G. A. Henderson, pastor. Providence-—Undismayed by their failure to keep "The Birth of a Nation" from showing in their city, the Providence Branch is taking fresh hold of their work with redoubled energy. In fighting the photo-play they had a more difficult situation to meet than any other Branch, not only foes without, but an enemy within. They handled the situation with an uncompromising vigor which promises well for the success of their work in the future. The A. M. E. Zion Church where the Branch held a Brotherhood meeting on November 28th, was crowded to the doors. Mr. Rolfe Cobleigh, Assistant Editor of the Congregationalist, and Prof. William Pickens, Dean of Morgan College, were the chief speakers. Quincy heard the well-known colored violinist, Prof. Joseph H. Douglass, at their mass meeting on Sunday, November 28th. Topeka—The six weeks' fight which this Branch waged against "The Birth of a Nation," and in which they had the co-operation of the white Ministerial Union and the Governor of the State, was successful as is indicated by a letter from Governor Capper. Trenton is securing encouraging results from a publicity campaign they are carrying on through letters addressed to the press and to owners of hotels, restaurants and theaters, protesting against discrimination. GO! By LUCIAN B. WATKINS Suggested by tlie victory of Howard P. Drew. He heard the starting signal-word and ran; The lightning of his will through muscles fleet Became the pinions of his flying feet! As speeds the flash of thought, with him began Strong racers fired with the faith, "I can!"-- Great hearts high-steamed to reach the judgment-seat, The final goal and palm of victory sweet, Each there to give his measure as a man! He won! Go! Let us each take heed and run, Run with our gifts eternal and make known The hope we feel, caught from the beacon sun; The faith we find in many a midnight moan. Drew ran his race—outstripped the world—and won. Now we resolve, O God, to win our own! The Burden MARY WHITE OVINGTON'S story !'The White Brute," which appeared in the Masses, has been reprinted for distribution by the N. A. A. C. P. It is an awful story and tells how a dark bride was taken from her black husband and outraged by white men. The poor, ignorant husband strives to comfort the stricken thing: "And what good would it have done? It wouldn't have made no diffuence. You'd have had to suffer jes' de same. Listen, honey, I couldn't help you, it'd been jes' de same, only you'd have been lef all alone. "But you ain't alone now, Melindy, honey-lamb, you's got me, and I'll toil for you while I lives. I'll help you to furgit. I'll love you and I'll work for you from morn till night. I'll tend you if you're sick lak's if you was my baby chil'. There ain't nothin' I kin do fur you as I'll leave undid. Oh, Melindy, I'm here alive, don't you want me? I'm alive. You wouldn't rather have a dead man than a live one, would you?" lie stopped, panting, and listened for her answer. At length it came in whispered gasps : "I don't know, Sam, I'm afraid. Every minute I'm afraid." "Don't be afraid," he cried impetuously, throwing his arm about her. "I'm hyar." And then he stopped. She had not turned to him, but snuggled close to the wall as if seeking protection there. Outside were the soft night sounds, the vines rustling against the window, the insects' drowsy chirps. Far off, by some distant cabin, came the howl of a dog. "A dead man or a live cur," he said to himself; and turned upon his face with a sob. "A number of residents of Mulberry Street and Georgia Avenue, in the vicinity of New Street, were considerably aroused over an incident which took place yesterday morning, in which three men and a bull dog in an automobile and a Negro boy on a motorcycle figured, and it is probable that the matter will not only be brought before the recorder but called to the attention of the civil service commission as well. "The automobile was going up Mulberry Street, closely followed by the motorcycle. Near New Street, it is said, the bull dog jumped from the car, directly in front of the motorcycle and was run over by the latter, the Negro rider being thrown a distance of ten feet and painfully injured. "According to Will Starr and H. A. Wiggers, both of whom reside near where the accident took place and to several - others who witnessed it, the owner of the bull dog, said to have been a man named Howard, got out of the car, walked over to where the Negro was lying on the paving, kicked him several times and, picking him up, struck him a blow which knocked him down again. Several persons interfered and about this time a policeman appeared. "According to witnesses, the policeman told the Negro" boy that if he did not make himself scarce he would make a case against him and the boy, hardly able to drag himself along, managed to get back on his motorcycle and hurried away. "A request was made of the policeman to make a case against Howard, but the policeman's reply was that the Negro boy was gone and he did not know where to find him. Several persons volunteered to act as prosecutors in the case, but no summons were given. "Mr. Starr, one of the witnesses to the accident, wrote a letter of complaint to the civil service commission yester THE BURDEN 145 THE MOB AT TEMPLE, TEXAS day, asking that the policeman be called on to explain why no case was made after several persons had so requested." —Macon, Ga., Telegraph. "A mob of 10,000 took Will Stanley, a Fort Worth Negro, from the officers soon after midnight this morning and marching him to the public square through the principal business streets, proceeded to cremate him in full view of the populace, which included many women, some of the latter standing on men's shoulders to witness the grew-some sight. "All along the route the Negro fought savagely and was kicked and beaten by the mob. Arriving on the square a pyre was constructed of dry goods boxes, barrels and other inflammable stuff secured from the rear of business houses in nearby alleys. Trace chains were used to shackle the Negro."—Fort Worth, Tex., Record, July 31, 1915. "These pictures were selling for ten cents each on the streets of Waco." (From a letter, Aug. 5, 1915.) "Absolutely nothing has been done. The Governor claims that he has not been 'officially' notified of the burning. The Negro was accused of murdering some white people. He implicated a white man but the mob burned him without permitting him to tell all." (From a letter Sept. 7, 1915.) THE CRUCIFIXION, AT TEMPLE, TEXAS Reproduced from a post card sold on the streets THE LETTER BOX T HAV E been completely captured by the last number of TH E CRISIS dedicated to the babies and children. I do not see how anyone can resist the appeal of these little people. This is just meant as a word of appreciation and thanks. JOHN LOVEJOY ELLIOTT, New York City. "The Drop Sinister" is the finest and truest "thrust" at the wickedness of American race prejudice that I have ever seen in TH E CRISIS. That's saying a "heap!" WILLIAM PICKENS, Baltimore, Md. I have read every copy of your publication, TH E CRISIS, (from the first copy up to the present issue) and I wish to inform you of a little discussion occurring a few days since among a few of the young Negro men and women of this vicinity. The subject was "TH E CRISIS." All agree that the publication serves a great need of the Negro as it is brilliantly edited, well printed, nicely illustrated and correctly worded, but those of us who have followed its pages for years feel that it (always) presents a horribly blue outlook. There seems to be a continued "howling" and "whining" because the white man does not give the Negro employment, allow the Negro the accommodation of his hotels, churches, places of amusement and other social and semi-social institutions. Since race prejudice actually exists why not deal with it from a constructive viewpoint ? M . ROY, Braddock, Pa. God bless you for the November editorial. WILLIAM RICHARD BROWN, St. Louis, Mo. A word of congratulation on the increasing success and value of TH E CRISIS. As I have been very frank in criticism when I thought criticism deserved, I want to be equally frank in expressing my increasing interest in and approval of the magazine. Keep up the good work. GEORGE G. BRADFORD, Boston, Mass. If I was amazed at your bitterness against the Belgians I was amused at the indignation expressed by many of my white brethren at the sending of colored troops to the help of the Allies. I saw many thousands of diese black soldiers on their march through Paris—splendid fellows and true Frenchmen. The population greeted them like brothers. I assure you the words "Color Line" would not have been understood. I must confess that the presence in France of these colored troops helped to lift some of the weight which lay on my heart—I had but one fear for them, and that was that they might become demoralized by the example set by some of our highly civilized friends. . . . My interest in your cause is very sincere even though I do not think of it as separate from the cause of the oppressed white people. MARIE R. PERRIN, Paris, France. Enclosed please find one dollar for my. subscription to TH E CRISIS. I appreciate very much the general make-up of your magazine. Especially am I pleased at the absence of bitterness against those of our race who differ with you or who advocate principles not in line with your own. 1 regret that certain other periodicals do not measure up to this tone of general liberality. Wishing that your lists may reach the 100,000 mark or that point which will give you full scope for your noble work, J. R. REYNOLDS, Baldwin, La. THE LETTER BOX You may always count on my renewal so long as TH E CRISIS maintains its present policy. It is refreshing and encouraging in a world governed by force and moved by the spirit of materialism to see a journal battling for human rights, the social and spiritual redemption of the race. W .	 S. TURNER, Raleigh, N . C . Wi Please find enclosed Money Order for one dollar for which you will send TH E CRISIS to my address for one year. A copy was handed me by my sister and after reading it through I concluded that you were filling a long felt want. J. E . RECTOR, Little Rock, Ark. M Please find enclosed Money Order for two dollars to pay for two subscriptions for THE CRISIS: my own, renewed, and one new one. I trust that the good work may con tinue and the same excellent policy which is in vogue may continue to dominate in the future as in the past. W. H. COWAN, Washington, D. C. I would not miss a single number of this superb and manly defensive racial implement. .. . I would that every southern white man and woman could read TH E CRISIS. In proportion as they learn of	 us they will form opinions in variance to the common one obtaining of our race. Men of any color or creed respect men wherever found in propor tion as they present themselves manly. The day	 of cringing and crawling, grin ning and head-scratching belongs to the servile days of slavery. These are traits of	 slaves, not men. An unmanly compro mise on	 any ground is a stench in the nostril of civilization. I pray you live long to present our cause to the world in the only true style, manly and intelligently. WILLIS E. STEKRS, M. D., Decatur, Ala. I regard TH E CRISIS as the ablest and most scholarly publication issued in behalf of the colored people of the United States. And may I add that I regard your editorial upon the darker races in the European war as the most searching and potent editorial utterance whichhave noted in any publication since the outbreak of hostilities. Indeed, this profound pronouncement of yours is interracial as well as international in its importance and significance. Its splendid English and diction, its deep analysis, and its moving and convincing spirit of justice and humanity, instruct the intellect and arouse the soul for the highest and best there is in society and civilization. May this work and that other work among the Congressmen for complete citizenship and freedom continue unabated forever. GEORGE W. ELLIS, Chicago, 111. m Your November number was so intensely edifying I must drop you a line to say so. I especially and emphatically agree with your stand against segregation. It is repugnant to Christian principles, to American principles, to true manhood and breeds war. I was delighted to see the honest, manly faces of the three sergeants of the 10th Cavalry of which I was an officer for thirty years. R.	 H. PRATT, Brigadier-General,	 Retired. Washington, D. C. m The editorial in TH E CRISIS, entitled "Votes for Women," is entirely worthy of a statesman. It is the ablest literary contribution to the cause of universal suffrage of my day. Indeed, I have found nothing comparable to it in the history of democratic republics. I thank you heartily, and I know the young colored men of promise will sustain you and help you and render your work both beneficient and immortal. H .	 J. PINKETT. Omaha, Neb. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Are You Insured? No. insurance cheaper; but ou ever exPect to Why not? d° v  die? It costs money. Certainly. So do all things. Do you ex- Do you ever expect to propect to be insured? tect your family against , 7 death? Yes. When? Yes" 0 Then do it now while you Sometime. , „ v» are young and well. Do Do you buy when things arepon e it until you no t post cheap or dear? are old a n d sick&gt; NOW When they are cheap. you can. THEN you can not- Insurance will never be cheaper for you than it is Insurance is costly, today. Why not buy to- go is death. ^ a ^ ' Insurance can be postponed. 1 haven't any money to J Death cannot. spare. Tj- AVTV „,„„ QTIo Where shall I insure? Have you ANY money? Y Where your money is safe. rr\teg i 4. Is it safe with the STAN u Then you have enough to DARD LIFE INSUR-spare a part for death. ANCE CO ? I am not sic . ^  Treasurer of the e Good! That will make State of Georgia. Pleast ~ send me particulars &amp; ~ STANDARD LIFE INSURANCE CO. Amount $ 200 Auburn Avenue, ATLANTA, GEORGIA s« A c Capital Fully Paid -- $100,000.00 g Weight OVER TW O MILLION INSURANCE IN FORCE Occupation Issues Policies from $250.00 to $5,000.00 Name . M HEMAN E. PERRY, President Addr( (C Jan., 1916) HARRY H. PACE, Secretary Mention T he Crisis THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 149 TEN YEARS AN INTERNATIONAL RECORD HOLDER This stamps the UNDERWOOD as Supreme in the Typewriter Field In 1915 the Underwood repeated a success It had achieved for nine years by winning In Open Competition the One Thousand Dollar Trophy Cup awarded for SPEED ACCURACY STABILITY UNDERWOOD "The Machine You Will Eventually Buy" III See the Selected List on The Stenographers' Institute Books? the Inside Front Cover. 1227 S. 17th Street, Philadelphia, Pa. The SLAUGHTER SYSTEM introducing In a few lessons our students write business letters, word for word, as dictated, and transcribe them rapidly and accurately on a Letterless Keyboard Type LYDA'S HAIR BEAUTIFIER writer by our Rythm Touch Method. Stenography, Typewriting, Bookkeeping, Commer Guaranteed to Grow Hair In SIX TREATMENTS cial Spelling, Commercial Correspondence, Piano or Money Refunded. Price 50 cents per box. Music and Dressmaking, a specialty. Agents Wanted. System Taught by Mail or at College. 500 situations have been secured for 6tudents and domestic servants during the last three years. Mrs. E. Slaughter Gamble EDWARD T. DUNCAN, Pres. 3001 LAWTON AVENUE ST. LOUIS. MO. Mention TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER THE NEGRO AND HIS PROBLEMS New catalogue on request. For twenty years the Neale publications have been famous throughout the civilized world. Among them are books of history, _ biography, reminiscence, science, essays, politics, travel, fiction, poetry, religion, juvenile' and pure literature. To this great library of literature important works frequently are being added. Our new catalogue will be sent postpaid on request. The Facts of Reconstruction. By JOHN R, LYNCH. Fourth Thousand. In his "Autobiography of Seventy years," the late Senator George F. Hoar of Massachusetts says: "Perhaps, on the whole, the ablest of the colored men who served with me in Congress was John R. Lynch of Mississippi.'' Lynch was made temporary chairman of the Republican National Convention of 1S84, and presided over that convention during the whole of the first day and a part of the second. He was nominated as temporary chairman by Henry Cabot Lodge, and his nomination was seconded by Theodore Roosevelt and George William Curtis. After his term in Congress, Lynch served as Fourth Auditor of the Treasury. In this his first book, written with extraordinary force and with unusual clarity, he boldly justifies Reconstruction. $1.65 by mail. Chicago Tribune: "This book is perhaps the most important contribution which has been made by any political writer during recent years to the political literature of the reconstruction era." Boston Globe: "An interesting contribution to the history of American politics." Racial Adjustments in the Methodist Episcopal Church. By JOHN H. REED, D.D., K.C. With an introduction by Adna B. Leonard, D.D., LL.D. $1.60 by mail. Christian Recorder, Philadelphia: "The author is an American Negro who has spent eight years in Liberia under the missionary society of the M. E. Church. The book comes in at this time with more than ordinary interest, for during this year most of the lay colleges and conferences of the M. E. Church will discuss the subject of racial adjustment, especially that relating to Bishops for races and languages. The book is filled with splendid idealism, and presents a fine argument, which in this day of compromises for the present exigencies may not be heeded." My Ogowe. By ROBERT HAMILL NASSAU, M.D., S.T.D. For forty-five years a resident of Africa, pioneer and explorer, Dr. Nassau has contributed largely to both science and literature. While in Africa he sent large ethnological collections to the University of Pennsylvania and to Princeton, and was the first to send a carcass of a gorilla to the United States, and he supplied the only perfect go rilla brains to be examined by anatomists up to 1891. He is a member of various scientific bodies, includ ing the Archeological Society of the University of Pennsylvania, the National Geographical Society, the Pennsylvania Society of Scientific Research. Among his published works are "Crowned in Palmland," "Mawedo," "Fetishism in West Africa," "The Path She Trod," "Where Animals Talk," "In an Elephant Corral, and Other Tales of West African Experiences," and "My Ogowe." One of his more important works is the translation of the Bible into the Benga language of West Equatorial Africa. But by far his greatest achievement in literature, and the culmination of his varied literary activities, is thia volume, "My Ogowe," which the publishers hold to be the most important work of the sort yet published. It comprises more than 70 0 pages of text and 50 full-page illustrations. Large octavo. $3.25 by mail. The Black Man's Burden. By WILLIA M H . HOLTZCLAW, Principal of the Utica Normal and Industrial Institute for the Training of Colored Young Men and Young Women, Utica, Miss. With an introduction by Booker T. Washington. Illustrated. Third Thousand. $1.60 by mail. Rochester Democrat and Chronicle: "In both subject and literary treatment Mr. Holtzclaw's book is a monument to his race." New Orleans Times-Picayune: "It is an interesting study in Negro achievement and should be an inspiration to the young men and the young women of that race." Boston Herald: "The book will stir the sympathetic emotions of its readers as his story stirred Bostonians when he told it here several years ago. The story of this devoted young man is of intense interest, not only as an account of great accomplishment despite apparently overwhelming obstacles and repeated discouragements, but as giving a close view of the character of the colored people of the far South, their shortcomings, their inherent virtues, and their ambitions." Troy Record: "Mr. Holtzclaw is one of those splendid Negro leaders upon whom the hope of his race depends." Redder Blood. By WILLIAM M. ASHBY. The Negro in America has produced but little imaginative work other than poetry. He has told his story by other mediums, which seemed to him, perhaps, better than fiction. Whether right or wrong in this view, undoubtedly the time is now ripe for Negro prose fiction, by Negroes, to be written in the English language, and not the jargon known as Negro dialect. Mr. Ashby, a Yale man, is a Negro, and "Redder Blood" is a novel of his race, and of the present time. Moreover, it is a story told for the sake of the story, and is not a treatise under disguise. The novel is one of great merit, as a novel, and there are situations in it that reach the acme of legitimate dramatic intensity. $1.00 by mail. Wm. E. Chancellor, Ph. D., author of "The United States," in ten volumes; formerly lecturer in Johns Hopkins University and in the University of Chicago' formerly Superintendent of Public Schools in the District of Columbia' "The Neale Publishing Company today represents high-water mark in America for its historical works. Upon its list are to be found the best books upon each and every side of the common issues of our public life. Such is the authority of the list considered as an entirety as to lend lustre to each separate title, creating a presumption in its favor. o r r Order through 440 Fourth Avenue THE NEALE PUBLISHING CO., New York City'• or THE CRISIS, MrY~ Mention TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER THE NEGRO AND HIS PROBLEMS A prominent southern white educator in a letter to the publishers says: "Your policy of absolute fairness with regard to the Negro question, along with your sympathy for the South, make me wish to co-operate with you as far as possible." Says a prominent western colored educator to the publishers: "I am deeply impressed with the justice of your house. I seeyour great work in behalf of the Negro Negro Culture in West Africa. By GEORGE W. ELLIS, K.C., F.R.G.S.; recently, and for eight years. Secretary of the United States Legation in Liberia; author of "Liberia in the Political Psychology of West Africa," "Islam As a Factor in West African Culture," "Dynamic Factors in the Liberian Situation," and other works. Profusely illustrated. $2.1 5 by mail. Pittsburgh Sun: "In this thorough study of Negro social conditions in Africa lies a revelation for those to whom the African Negro ha9 meant only the savage. Here is revealed a social system, a religious tradition, a craftsmanship, and, most astonishing of all, a written language other than primitive. Especially interesting are the maxims and the fables translated from the Vai tongue, with their picturesque simplicity and ingenious wisdom." Boston Transcript: "In this study Mr. Ellis has given us an excellent and valuable contribution to the history of the Negro race." DR. ROBERT E. PARK in the Chicago Tribune: "In an introduction which he has written to Mr. Ellis's volume, Prof. Starr, who is an authority on West Africa, describes the Vai as 'a vigorous, energetic, enterprising' people, and he adds that 'no people of the west coast of Africa can better be taken as typical and showing what the African can do, either when left to himself, or affected by outside influences.' This defines the peculiar interest of this volume. It tells us what a minute and isolated Negro people have done with the slight cultural resources that were at their command." The Negro Races: Vol. II. East and South Africans, with a Full Account of the Slave Trade. By JEROME Down. This is the second volume of Professor Dowd's series entitled "The Negro Races," and is devoted to the Negroes of both East an 1 South Africa, with a full account of the slave trade. The first volume of the series, "West Africans," was published several years ago. The third volume, "The Negroes of America," is now in the course of preparation. Professor Dowd, who is at the head of the Department of Sociology and Economics, University of Oklahoma, perhaps is the highest authority on the aspects of the Negro races of which he writes. Of the first volume Professor W. I. Thomas, of the University of Chicago, said: "I am greatly pleased with it. I think you have gone at the matter in an admirable fashion." Said Pro fessor T. F. Jameson, Director, Carnegie Institute: "I can see especially the need of snch systematic ac counts of the sociology of the African." Professor Paul S. Reinsch, of the University of Wisconsin, wrote: "I have read it with great interest." The price of each volume of the series is $2.50 ; by mail, $2.65. often, and he never tires of speaking of  in literature." Race Adjustment: Essays on the Negro in America. By KELLY MILLER, Dean of the College of Arts and Sciences and Professor of Mathematics, Howard University. Third edition. $2.15 by mail. Dallas News: "The author is a cultured man, a forceful and most pleasing writer, interesting from the first sentence of the first chapter to the close of the book." Chicago News: "The book is written with great ability, in English quite free from fault, and its logic is fairly inexorable. New York Evening Post: "As admirable for its calmness and good temper as for its thoroughness and skill." Independent: "There is no book which more fully and correctly represents the wishes and demands for equal recognition in civil and political rights than this volume." Out of the House of Bondage. By KELLY MILLER, Dean of the College of Arts and Sciences, Howard University. $1.65 by mail. Boston Transcript: "Written in a clear and decisive style, with a comprehensive and convincing command of the subject. He neither denounces nor condemns; he analyzes and constructs possibilities upon the fundamental basis of human nature. No man of his race has so sure a power of pruning the fallacies with passionless intellectual severity from the pernicious arguments of the prejudiced demagogue!." Detroit Times: "Kelly Miller has the soul of an artist and an idealist. We cannot but be carried away with a solendid fervor for our Negro brother after reading Prof. Miller's book. It is as big as all outdoors and aims at a readjustment on the highest principles." New Orleans Times-Picayune: "Those who are interested in the study of the Negro cannot ignore this volume. With many of its conclusions we can by no means agree, but it points in favor of a revised judgment on certain questions connected with the position or achievements of his race." Race Orthodoxy in the South. By THOMAS PEARCE BAILEV. For many years Professor Bailey has studied southern social problems, particularly with respect to the relations of the Caucasian and the Negro races. He has held professorships in the University of California, the University of Chicago, and the University of Mississippi, and he now holds a professorship in the University of the South. Although a southerner, now engaged in educational work in the South, he has lived ten years in the North, and he has studied the Negro and his problems of every section of the United States. $2.15 by mail. Gen. Randolph K. Evans, U. S. A., Commanding the Department of the East, with headquarters at Governor's Island: "I appreciate the value of your work for American literature in general, and especially what you have done as a military missionary in publishing books, which many other publishers would have rejected, with a view to increasing military comprehension among our people,—fin important part of governmental knowledge in regard to which a great majority of our people sit in outer darkness and blissful ignorance" Order through THE NEALE PUBLISHING CO., or THE CRISIS, EftJTS Mention TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Oil Paintings now beautify the best Negro homes. We are offerin'; at popular prices, genuine hand painted reproductions in oil colors of "Still Life" (See illustration) and a "Moment of Rest," which, in a collection of over 200 paintings and drawings exhibited at the Chicago Lincoln Exposition, were awarded the highest honors in still life and figure painting, and were favorably mentioned in the leading Chicago papers. Attractively arranged on 10 x 13-inch mat, they are suitable for framing, for the home, schools, clubs, etc. Prices in oil colors, S2.00. Sepia Photograveure, By mail, 6c. additional. Special terms Landscapes, portraits and artistic designs supplied at reasonable prices. Address: W. M. FARROW, 6117 South Racine Ave., Chicago, 111. a $300 in 30 Days! $YOU Splendid Outfit FREE In Hundreds of Your1 Our Ar.ents are _ $10 A DAY in Spare their spare time. Many are Time b°aling even that. Such a thing __s failure is utterly impossible Made by one Robinson salesman. You—yourself— with our new and complete outfit which we will s^nd can positively make $60 and expenses every week. I you free—all charges prepaid. want men like you, hustling, energetic, ambitious felProgress clothes wear belter and are lows, anxious to make money, who are willing to work more stylish than any other made-to-measwith me. Not for me, but with me. I want you to ure clothes. Our prices are the lowest. advertise, sell, and appoint local agents for the biggest, MADE TO MEASURE most sensational seller in 50 vears—the ROBINSON PANTS cut in EXPRESS FOLDING BATH TUB. Here's an absolutely new thelateststyle PREPAID invention that has taken the entire country by storm. marie to your Nothing else like it. Gives every home a modern up-individual measure, fit and workman ship guaranteed. No extra charge to-date bathroom to any part of the house. No plumb fur peg tops —no matter how extreme ing, no waterworks needed. Folds in small roll, handy you order them. as an umbrella. Self-emptying and positively unleakable. Absolutely guaranteed for 10 years. Hustlers, Agents Wanted-£tfsTLER^ east, north, west, south,—coining money. Orders, every town to take orders for our celebrated made-ti)-mi':iinjre clMh.-s Samples of all orders, everywhere. Badly wanted, eagerly bought, the latest materials FREE. for remember, fully 70% of homes have no bathrooms. We Pay Big Money Immense profits for you. Two sales a day means evei vwhere. Turn \"urs|'are time into caah $300 a month. Here's proof—real proof. Rev. Otto bv taking orders for our stylish clothes. Write tit once for greatest offer ever made. Schulze, Mo., got $1,600. Burkholder, Mont., orders PROGRESS TAILORING CO. $1,072 in seventeen days. Hamlinton, of Wyoming, made $60 first two days. Hundreds like that. Pleas Dept 771. Chicago ant, permanent, fascinating work. This is not idle talk. Make me prove it. Write a postcard. Let me write you a long letter. Then decide. No experience needed, no capital. Your credit is good if you mean business. But you must be ambitious, you must want to make money. That's all. Write a postcard now. I want to pay you sixty dollars WANTED every week. H. S. Robinson. Prest., The Robinson Cabinet Mfg. Co. Agents for THE CRISIS. Dignified work. 1385 Factories Buildind. Toledo. Ohio 70 Fifth Avenue, New York. JUST OFF THE PRESS MEMORIAL EDITION BOOKER T. WASHINGTON The Master Mind of a Child of Slavery An appealing life story of a man who was a most remarkable product of modern civilization in all its phases. Our Memorial Edition of the Life of Booker T. Washington includes a full description of the Tuskegee Institute, the GREAT EDUCATIONAL INSTITUTION that stands as a monument to the energy, ,earnestness, intelligence and honesty of this great man, and won for him the respect of all men in all walks of life and from every station. Every man, woman and child should read this book, irrespective of race or creed. The book is a large octavo volume of 350 pages, including superb, strikingly impressive engravings. Size, %y2 x 6]/4 inches. PRICE, ONLY $1.00 POSTPAID. Send all orders to HOWARD, CHANDLER &amp; COMPANY, (Publishers) 643 4 Vincennes Avenue Agents Wanted. CHICAGO, ILL. Mention TH E CRISIS 153 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Atlanta University REGALIA A Race Enterprise Studies of the Manufacturing Badges, Negro Problems Banners and Supplies for all Fraternal and 18 Monographs Sold Separately Church Societies. Cat Address alog upon request. ATLANTA UNIVERSITY CONFERENCE CENTRAL REGALIA CO. JOB. L. Jones, Pres. ATLANTA UNIVERSITY n ATLANTA. GA. N. E. Corner 8th and Plum Streets, Cincinnati, Ohio The Curse of Race Prejudice Big Entertainerjffi&amp;jJa Games, 31 0 Jokes and Itiddl«H, 73 By James F. Morton, Jr., A. M. Toat&gt;tB, IS Card Trick*. 4 Oomio ReoitationB.3 Monologues,Cheek _ An aggressive exposure by an Anglo-Saxon chamertj, Chews, Dim i noes, fox and pion of equal rights. Startling facts and crushing Geese, i) Men Aiorns. All 10 CENTS POST PAID. arguments. Fascinating reading. A necessity for J. C. D0RN, 709 So. Dearborn Street, Dept. 75. Chicago, III. clear understanding and up-to-date propaganda. Belongs in the library of every friend of social justice. Price 2S cents. Send order to Start a Mail Order Business and Make Money You can operate in your own home during spare time. The parcel post has opened up the doors of JAMES F. MORTON, JR. opportunity to YOU. Others are making $20 to $500 a week. Why can't you ? By our method you can 211 West 138th Street New York, N. Y. start with $5 and up. We offer you thirty live, money-making mail order plans. You can make 95 cents profit of every dollar order. We furnish cir "GLEANINGS FROM DIXIE-LAND" culars, printed matter and place your advertising at Ten poems by lowest rates. Send 10 cents for complete outfit. Do it today—Now! EFFIE T. BATTLE, A.M. MAIL DEALERS WHOLESALE HOUSE "Mrs, Battle has an individual gift of melody." 517 Dearborn Street Chicago. 111. —Springfield Republican. "You owe it to your race to publish your poems in The new efficiency era calls book form."—Editor, Southwestern Christian AdvoTEACHER S for the modern way of cate. selecting teachers, through a live agency that furnishes "Verses are smooth, graceful, high-minded and clear, the connecting medium in a business way, saves time reverent to all truth, appreciative of all beauty and of school officials, relieves teachers of the embarrasstrue inspiration."—George W. Cable. ment of job hunting and covers the whole country. PRICE 25 CENTS. We have had calls for teachers from Alabama, Arkansas, Delaware, District of Columbia, Florida, ADDRESS: OKOLONA INDUSTRIAL SCHOOL, Georgia, Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky, Maryland, MisOkolona, Miss. sissippi, Missouri, North Carolina, Oklahoma, Rhode Island, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia and West Virginia. Our list of teachers covers even a wider territory. $25.00 PER WEEK THE MUTUAL TEACHERS' AGENCY may be made in commissions by parties handling 1403 New York Avenue Washington, D. C. "History of Negro Soldiers in Spanish-American War" combined with "History of the Negro Race." 40 0 pages, 5 0 illustrations. Price $1.2 5 net. THE NATIONAL TEACHERS' AGENCY Address: E. A. JOHNSON Through us school authorities, without expense or delay, get into communication with the strongest and 154 Nassau Street NEW YORK most carefully investigated teachers in all lines. Teachers who seek positions or advancement should register with us and avail themselves of our expert YOUNG' S BOO K EXCHANG E service. Prompt and courteous attention to corre spondence. B. F. BOWLES, MANAGE*, (George Young) 2739 CONVERSE AVENUE EAST ST. LOTJIS, III. Novel Souvenir Post Cards FOOTWEAR FIT TO WEAR —By Mail Colored Authors and Books on Race Problems Fred Douglass Shoe for Men a Specialty. Phillis Wheatley Shoe for Women Write for Culahm Mail Order Department FRED DOUGLASS SHOE CO., Newport, R.I. 135 W. I35tta Street New York City SOUTHERN COLORED TEACHERS' AGENCY Formerly TEXAS COLORED TEACHERS' AGENCY 1025 Boll Street, DALLAS, TEXAS Recommends teachers to Colleges, Universities, School Boards and School Authorities. Write for information. R. O. GOTHARD, Manager Mention THE CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER PICTURES Latest and best picture of Dr. Booker T. Washington, heavily mounted; size, 11 x 14, 50c.; framed in elegant Circassian walnut or gold, $1.40. Similar pictures of Douglas, Dunbar, Phillis Wheatley, etc.; same quality, size and price. Also 30 Negro art pictures, including our famous nudes in brownskin, "The Girl and the Parrot" and "A Study in Brown." Adents Wanted Everywhere Douglas Specialties Company 3548 Vernon Avenue. Dept. K. CHICAGO, ILL WANTED Agents for THE CRISIS. Dignified work. 70 Filth Avenue, New York A NEW WAY LEGAL DIRECTORY T-l-iA™,—. /Central 104-W Telephones: j Main 61 HARRY E. DAVIS ATTORNEY-AT-LAW NOTARY PUBLIC 1607 Williamson Building Cleveland, Ohie Office L . D. Telephone-3297 Market Residence L . D. Telephone 5277-M Market GEORGE A. DOUGLAS COUNSELLOR-AT-LAW Rooms 613-614, Metropolitan Building 113 Market St., Cor. Washington, Newark, N. J. General Practice Notary Public WILLIAM R. MORRIS ATTORNEY AND COUNSILLOK-AT-LAW 1020Minneapolis Metropolitan Life Building  Minn. BROWN S. SMITH ATTORN EY-AT-LAW Offices:NearMinneapolis Suite 802 Sykes Block  Third and Hennepin  Minn. GEORGE W. MITCHELL ATTORNEY-AT-LAW 908 Walnut Street Philadelphia Pa. Tel. 5437 Fort Hill Cable AddreM, Epben EDGAR P. BENJAMIN ATTORNEY AND COUNSELLOR-AT-LAW 34 School Street Bolton, Mass. Telephone Connection W. Ashbie Hawkins George W . F. McMechen HAWKINS &amp; McMECHEN ATTORNEYS-AT-LAW 21 East Saratoga Street Baltimore, Md. PERSONAL CARDS Telephone 5277 Morningside . GERTRUDE E. CURTIS SURGEON DENTIST 188 W. 135th Street New York City To GetYour ClothesFree A NEW PLAN TO MAKE BIG MONEY DURING YOUR SPARE TIME J. E. ORME S .Something- different — better, bigger, more liberal than any offer ever made. Lower prices— better clothes—bigger cash profits—Express paid on everything. Double Pay FREE clothes and cash profits be sides. We don't ask you to use your cash profits for your &gt; own clothes. Ours is a new and better plan. An Extra Present with every order. Not a prize scheme. Choose what you want, work for it and get it be sides your Cash Profits. Agent's Complete Outfit FREE, fifty-six stylish, real cloth samples—fifty Fashion Plates. Inside wholesale prices. Everything FREE. Get into the bip; money-making class. Just put your namfi on a post card and mail it to us today. SPENCER MEAD CO.,Dept. 172.Chicago ACCOUNTANT Audit! Systems Business information by mail. Open for engagements July and August Box 25, Wilberforco UniYersitr Wilberforce, O. AGENTS WANTED FOR W. T. McKissick &amp; Co's. FAMOUS 90 DAYS TREATMENTS No. 1, No. 2 and No. 3 For Scalp, Hair and Skin p. O. Box 102, WILMINGTON, DEL. Mention TH E CRISIS A New Book by Dr. Du Bois THE NEGRO By W. E. BURGHARDT DU BOIS, author of "Souls of Black Folk," "Quest of the Silver Fleece," "Select Bibliography of the Negro American," etc. This is the authentic romance of the black man. It is a history of him at once scholarly, earnest and eloquent. He is considered from the earliest times, and the thread of his fascinating story is followed in Africa, America, and wherever else it has appeared. To look at the Negro against the background of his history is to see him in a light fairer than that in which most Americans have seen him. 256 Pages—3 Maps—Cloth Bound A t the low price of 5 0 cents net—By mail 5 6 cents Dr. Du Bois's new book is the latest addition to a remarkable series of low-priced new books with which everybody should become acquainted. THE HOME UNIVERSITY LIBRARY 94 volumes now ready Published by HENRY HOLT &amp; COMPANY, 34 West 33d Street, New York Is made up of new books by leading authorities. The editors are Professors GILBERT MURRAY, H. A. L. FISHER, W. T. BREWSTER and J. ARTHUR THOMSON. Cloth bound, good paper, clear type, 2S 6 pages per CT/^^-» _.i volume. Each complete and sold separately --Uv/L, licl Postage extra "A growing wonder of enterprise, and sound judgment. Each volurae, entirely new, is furnished by an acknowledged 3Xpert; is brief enough and plain enough to be__readable or even fascinating, scientific enough to be a condensed authority —and at the nominal price of SO cents."—Hartford Courant. SOME SELECTED EARLIER VOLUMES: EVOLUTION By J. A. Thomson LATIN AMERICA By W. R. Shepherd THE FRENCH REVOLUTION VICTORIAN LITERATURE By Hilaire Belloc By G. K. Chesterton ROME By W. Warde Fowler GERMANY OF TODAY PROBLEMS OF PHILOSOPHY By Charles Tower EURIPIDES AND HIS AGE By Bertrand Russell By Gilbert Murray NAPOLEON By H. A. L. Fisher UNEMPLOYMENT By A. C. Pigou THE CIVIL WAR By F. L. Paxson Order through the publishers or through The CRISIS, 70 Fifth Avenue, New York Mention TH E CRISIS PRINCE HALL Preacher, Race Champion, Abolitionist, Father of Negro Masonry One of the Great Figures in Negro History "The abolition of slavery; participation in the government upon terms and under conditions applicable alike to every other class of citizens; equality before the law; resistance to every form of encroachment upon the rights of black men; the education of Negro children; the right to be let alone; the iniquity of public insult: such was the platform of this Negro prophet who was born a whole century before Appomattox." The character and work of this great man have been admirably set forth in a new book of vital interest to Masons and laymen. The book is "Prince Hall and His Followers" The author is George W. Crawford, 33°" "Grand Master of Connecticut Price One Dollar. Postage Extra. ""ORDER NOW AGENTS WANTED THE CRISIS 70 Fifth Avenue :: :: New York Mention TH E CRISIS