The Crisis , made THE CRISIS Vol. 7—No. 4 FEBRUARY, 1914 Whole No. 40 ONE DOLLAR A YEAR TEN CENTS A COPY The National Religious Training School "I cordially commend the school's interest and needs to all who believe in the Negro race and in onr obligation to help promote its intellectual, moral and religious uplift." —Rr,v. DR. CHARLES H. PARKHURST, New York City. IT IS MORE THAN A MERE SCHOOL IT IS A COMMUNITY OF SERVICE AND UPLIFT Its influence is destined to be felt in all sections of the country in improved Negro community life wherever our trained workers locate. Settlement workers, missionaries for home and foreign mission fields, Y. M. C. A. and Y. W. C. A. secretaries and district nurses receive a comprehensive grasp of their studies under a Wellesley graduate and experienced co-workers and actual every-day practice through the school's SOCIAL SERVICE DEPARTMENT. W e aim also to create a better qualified ministry. Industrial training, advanced literary branches, business school. Thirty-two acres; ten modern buildings; healthful location. W e can accommodate a few more earnest, ambitious students. Communities requiring social workers should write us. For catalog and detailed information address: PRESIDENT JAMES E. SHEPARD National Religious Training School ----- Durham, N. C. The school has no endowment fund and must raise a yearly maintenance fund of $15,000 for running expenses. Won't you help us this year? 1914 Crisis Calendar Contains four leaves, neatly tied and ready for hanging, each leaf bearing a CRISIS picture. Let each day remind you of THE CRISIS and its creed. PRICE 15 CENTS THE CRISIS 70 Fifth Ave., New York City Crisis Advertising Rates Beginning with the January, 1914, issue, and continuing until further notice, the rates for advertisements in THE CRISIS are as follows: 15 cents per agate line. No less than four lines accepted. $2 per inch per single column, counting fourteen lines to the inch. $45 for back cover. $40 for inside cover page, front or back. $32 per page for other pages. These rates arc based upon the general charge of $1 per page for each thousand net circulation. Old contracts at the former rates will be honored until the date of expiration of said contracts. THE CRISIS 70 Fifth Ave., New York City Mention THE CRISIS. THE CRISIS A RECORD OF THE DARKER RACES PUBLISHED BY THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE, AT 70 FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK CITY Conducted by W. E. BURGHARDT DU BOIS AUGUSTUS GRANVILLE DILL, Business Manager Contents for February, 1914 PICTURES COVER PICTURE. By A. B. Jones. HIS MAJESTY, THE LATE MENELIK II., KING OF THE KINGS OF ETHIOPIA, EMPEROR OF ABYSSINIA, 1844-1913 182 ARTICLES THE PHILADELPHIA NEGRO DENTIST. By J. Max Barber 179 THE EPISCOPAL CHURCH 181 CERTAINTY. A Poem. By Leslie Pinckney Hill 181 ANNUAL MEETING OF THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE 191 THE HOODOO. A Story. By Martha Gruening 195 DEPARTMENTS ALONG THE COLOR LINE 163 OPINION 171 MEN OF THE MONTH 184 EDITORIAL 186 THE BURDEN 199 A LITTLE PILE OF BOOKS AND PAMPHLETS 201 TEN CENTS A COPY; ONE DOLLAR A YEAR FOREIGN SUBSCRIPTIONS TWENTY-FIVE CENTS EXTRA RENEWALS : When a subscription blank is attached to this page a renewal of your subscription is desired. The date of the expiration of your subscription will be found on the wrapper. CHANGE OF ADDRESS: The address of a subscriber can be changed as often as desired. In ordering a change of address, both the old and the new address must be given. Two weeks' notice is required. MANUSCRIPT S and drawings relating to colored people are desired. They must be accompanied by return postage. Tf found unavailable they will be returned. Entered as Second-class Matter in the Post Office at New York, N. Y. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Atlanta University Is beautifully located in the City of Atlanta, Ga. The courses of study include High School, Normal School and College, with manual training and domestic science. Among the teachers are graduates of Yale, Harvard, Dartmouth, Smith and Wellesley. Forty-two years of successful work have been completed. Students come from all parts of the South. Graduates are almost universally successful. For further information address President EDWARD T. WARE ATLANTA, GA. Knoxville College Beautiful Situation. Healthful Location. The Best Moral and Spiritual Environment. A Splendid Intellectual Atmosphere. Noted for Honest and Thorough Work. Offers full courses in the following departments: College, Normal, High School, Grammar School and Industrial. Good water, steam heat, electric lights, good drainage. Expenses very reasonable. Opportunity for Self-help. Fall Term Began September, 1913. For information address President R. W. McGRANAHAN KNOXVILLE, TENN. The Agricultural and Mechanical College Maintained by the governments of North Carolina and of the United States. Open all the year round. For males only. Spring term begins March 2, 1914. Board, lodging and tuition, $7 per month. Best opportunities for Negro youth. Night school for indigent but ambitious young men. For catalog or further information, address PRESIDENT DUDLEY A. and M. College Greensboro, N. C. LINCOLN INSTITUTE Jefferson City, Missouri Founded by the Negro soldiers of the 64th and 65th Regiments. Supported by the State of Missouri. One of the best-equipped schools in the country for the education of Xegro boys and girls. Normal, Collegiate, Agricultural and Industrial Courses. Normal diplomas carrying with them the degree B. Pd. are life certificates to teach in the public schools of Missouri. The degree A. B. conferred upon those who complete the collegiate course. Four teachers of Music: Voice Culture, Piano, Violin, Band and Orchestra Practice. Elocution and Athletics. BOARD $9.50 A MONTH. TUITION $3.00 THE YEAR TO MISSOURI STUDENTS. ALL OTHERS PAY $13.0 0 A YEAR. CATALOG FREE. B. F. ALLEN, A. M„ LL. D. President. ST. MARY'S SCHOOL An Episcopal boarding and day school for girls, under the direction of the Sisters of St. Mary. Address: THE SISTER-IN-CHARGE 611 N. 43d St. W . Philadelphia, Pa. CARNEGIE COLLEGE-HOME STUDY "60 PAGE BULLETIN FREE" COURSES BY MAIL Grammar School Agricultural High School Poultry^ Norma Domestic Science Professiona Civil Service Penmanship Engineering Type-writing Drawing Short-hand English Book-keeping Language Law Real Estate Reduced rates of tuition to first applicants. For "Free Bulletin" and 'Special Scholarship," apply CARNEGIE COLLEGE Pres. GALBREATH ^"o- 19D St., ROGERS. Ohio. Negro in American History Traces status of the Negro from discovery, colonization and settlement to 20th century. Also gives biographical sketches of eminent men and women. To ever}' instructor of colored youth and every student in secondary schools this work is especially commended. Full bibliography, chronology and comprehensive index. Illustrations. $1.25; by postage, $1.40. Agents wanted. Address: J. W. CROMWELL 1139 Swann St., N. W. Washington, D. C. il/^VADay t|«  FOR YOUR IV/. SPARE TIME FREE Shot Gun Hammerless/ Double-Barrel Shot Gun—very superior. Fitted with top snap-break, bar side locks, forged' frame, case hardened locks and frames.  Nicely finished, highly polished stock and " fore end. Polished blued steel barrels; a choke bored, 12 Gauge and either 30 or 32 inch barrels. Well balanced and accurate.  A perfect beauty. The same model used by ^ some of the best shots in the country. We give it mm Absolutely FREE to Our Agents 5 I All that we require is that you show our Zl samples and take a few orders for our  special made-to-measure clothes. We Sfipay highest cash profits and give extra ^ presents besides. Your choice of 628 I I valuable premiums—such as Leather Suit ^ Cases, Musical Instruments, Pipes, I Watches, Sporting Goods, Hats, etc. 5 Write for elegant free outfit and full jmrticulara B SPENCER MEAD CO., Dept. 711, CHICAGO mm AGENTS WANTED Hundreds of our agents are making SI O A DAY . „ their spare time. Many are beating that and are getting their own CLOTHES FREE . We are dead sure YOU can do it. Such a thing as failure is utterly impossible with our new and complete outfit which we send you—ALL CHARGES PREPAID. Our fine line of stylish, well made, carefully fin ished clothes, guaranteed fit—BEATS EVERYTHING ever offered. Lowest prices. OUR OUTFIT is magnif icent—our styles and fashions simply wonderful. Strong selling planB that BRING THE ORDORS and BIG MONEY for you every week, in hard cash. Pants $2i| Suits $9, Can you beat it? Be a PROGRESS agent. EARN SSTO$LO A DAY IN YOUR SPARE TIME while doing other work. Send no money. Everything is FREE . No experience necessary. Get the Outfit, order blanks, stationery, tape-line and everythingnecessary to start you in a BIG MONEY MAKING BUSINESS of your own. Write today. Be ready for the largest i Spring business ever known. Land the early orders in bunches. ^ PROGRESS TAILORING CO., DEPT. 682 ,CHICAGO miwcmmmmmwmmwciE $60 A WEEK and EXPENSES YOU! YESY0U CAN GET IT That's the money you can get this year. I mean It. I want County Sales Managers quick, men or women who believe In the square deal, who will go Into partnership with me. No capital or experience needed. My folding Bath Tub has taken the country by storm. Solves the bathing problem. No plumbing, no water works required. Full length bath In any room. Folds in small roll, handy as an umbrella. I tell you It's great I GREAT 1 Rivals $100 bath room. Now llstenl I want YOU to handle your county. I'll furnish demonstrating tub free. I'm positive—absolutely certain—you can get bigger money in a week with me than you ever made in a month before—I KNOW IT! TWO SALES A DAY $300 A MONTH That's what you get—every month. Needed In every home, badly wanted, eagerly bought. Modern bathing facilities for all the people. Take the orders right and left. Quick sales, Immense profits. Look at these men. Kunkle. Ohio, received $240 first week; Mathlas, Florida, $120 In two days; Oorrigan. New York, $114 in CO hours; Newton, California, $60 In three days. You can do as well. TWO SALES A DAY MEANS $300 A MONTH. The work Is very easy, pleasant, permanent, fascinating. It means A business of your own. I grant credit, furnish sample, help you out, back you up— don't doubt, don't hesitate, don't hold back. You cannot lose. My other men are building homes, bank accounts, so can you. Act, then, quick. SEND NO MONEY, Just name on penny post card for free tub offer. Hustlel DEMONSTRATING h. s. robinson TUB FREE President 190 VANCE ST., TOLEDO, O. Canadian Address: Walkerville, Ont., Canada. MENTION THE CRISIS 162	 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER OF INTEREST TO VOCAL STUDENTS TONE-PLACING AND VOICE - DEVELOPMENT Points explained, viz.: Breath in Singing, Trying the Voice, the Soprano, the Mezzo-Soprano, the Contralto, Tenor Leggiero or High Tenor, the Baritone, the Bass, Parts of the Vocal Apparatus, the Mouth, the Tongue, Position When Practising. Position When Singing, How to Practice, Good Bules for Singing. Comment from the world-renowned conductor of the Paulist Choir of Chicago, 111., whose choir has just received the first prize awarded at the Singing Contest held in Paris on May 25, 1912: "Dear Mr. Tlnsley: "I take Rreat pleasure In commendlnc your very useful and succinctly written book on 'Tone-Placinrj and Voice-Development.' Tour own appreciation of the psychology of singing and the fundamental principles of the art you have cleverly reduced to a simple system. Cordially yours, Father WILLIAM J. FINN, C. S. P.. Director Paulist Choristers of Chicago." From "Musical Courier," N. T.: "A very practical little book Is 'Tone-Placing and Voice-Development.' by Pedro T. Tlnsley. It contains some very excellent material and vocal exercises, and should be in the hands of all vocal students." From "Music News," Chicago, 111.: "Accordingly bis 'Practical Method of Singing' Is a most concise and practical little manual, containing many valuable vocal exercises. It cannot fall to be helpful to all ambitious vocal students." HELPED HIM GREATLY "Since I practised your exercises of 'Tone-Placing and Voice-Development' my voice is more resonant than it has been for years. It seems to me that I am getting a new voice." Prof. John T. Lay ton, Director Coleridge-Taylor Musical Society, 1722 10th St., N. W., Washington, D. C. PRICE 51-00 Address the publisher: PEDRO T. TINSLEY 6448 Drexel Avenue CHICAGO, ILL. LEARN TO READ MUSIC AT SIGHT JN FOR $1.00 fv f\ Anyone in the "Rrnss Band" or "Stringed Orchestra" mav learn in a few hours to master the Instrument he loves with our "Sight Reader" and ' 'Sight Reader Positions." $1 (cash). Address WILLIAM D. SMITH 1636 Clarion Street Philadelphia. Pa. Agents Are Making $10.00 Per Day and more selling our famous Negro picture, ''A Joyful Welcome Into Heaven,'' the finest painting ever produced with the Negro as a subject. Semireligious. Sells at sight. Send 15 cents in stamps or coin for 50-cent sample and agent's terms. THE DOUGLAS SPECIALTIES COMPANY 3548 Vernon Ave. Dept. K Chicago, 111. Facts of Reconstruction By MAJOR JOHN R. LYNCH In this book Major Lynch presents the readers and thinkers of the present generation with accurate, reliable and impartial information, based upon his knowledge and experience, about Reconstruction, the most important and eventful epoch in our country's history. Major Lynch, has been prominently before the public during the last forty years. He was a member of Congress in 1876-7 and was an active participant in the decision of the closely contested election between Hayes and Tilden for the Presidency of the United States. Many interesting points in that contest not heretofore published will be found in this book. As a member of Congress, member of the National Republican Committee, auditor for the Navy Department, a member of many National Republican Conventions, over one of which he presided as temporary chairman, Major Lynch was brought in contact with many of the most prominent and influential men of the country. The chapters giving an account of his interviews with Presidents Grant and Cleveland, and with Messrs. Blaine. Lamar and Gresham, are both interesting and instructive. The book ought to be in the library of every home. Price, net $1.50. By mail, $1.65. Address: MAJOR JOHN R. LYNCH 4321 ForestviUe Ave. Chicago, 111. Atlanta University Studies of the Negro Problems 17 Monographs Sold Separately Address: ATLANTA UNIVERSITY CONFERENCE Atlanta University, Atlanta, Ga. The Curse of Race Prejudice By James F. Morton, Jr., A. M. An aggressive exposure by an Anglo-Saxon champion of equal rights. Startling facts and crushing arguments. Fascinating reading. A necessity for clear understanding and up-to-date propaganda. Belongs in the library of every friend of social justice. Price 25 cents. Send orders to JAMES F. MORTON, JR. 244 West 143d Street --- New York, N. Y. A COLORED DOLLY FOR THE CHILD Buy a beautiful colorpd doll, with lifelike features, long hair, jointed limbs and sleeping eyes. The right plaything for your child. A big attraction at church fairs and bazaars. Endorsed by leading clergymen and educators. Send for catalog. Agents wanted. Novelty souvenirs and favors. E. M. S. NOVELTY COMPANY, Dept. A., JAMAICA, N. Y. Mention THE CRISIS THE CRISIS Vol. 7—No. 4 FEBRUARY. 1914 Whole No. 40 ALONG THE COLOR LINE MUSIC AND ART. AT the annual meeting OF St. George's Club, OF New York, Mr. Harry T. Burleigh, the distinguished baritone-composer OF New York, in recognition of his twenty years' service as baritone soloist of St. George's Episcopal Church, was presented with a Tiffany watch bearing the inscription: "The Brotherhood of Men to Harry T. Burleigh, as a token of esteem from his fellow members of St. George's Club, November 29, 1913." The presentation was made by the rector, the Rev. Karl Reiland. The program for the series of artists' recitals which the Washington Conservatory of Music (Mrs. Harriet Gibbs Marshall, director) undertakes annually in Washington, D. C., at the Howard Theatre, began on Dec-ember 13, when Mrs. Marjorie Groves Robinson, pianist, and Mr. William Speights, tenor, were heard in piano and song recital. Among their selections were numbers by Clarence Cameron White, Rosamond Johnson, Will Marion Cook and Coleridge-Taylor. Miss Beatrice Lewis was the accompanist. Mrs. Robinson and Mr. Speights are both graduates of the New England Conservatory of Music in Boston, and have lately joined the faculty of the Washington Conservatory. The concert series for 1914 will include a concert by the Conservatory Folk Song Singers in January, a lecture recital by Mrs. Maud Cuney Hare, pianist, assisted by Mr. William H. Richardson, baritone, in February, and a comic opera to be presented by Mr. Speights in March. J A series of five recitals on folk songs, folklore and folk dances in costume have been presented at the Brooklyn Institute of Arts and Sciences by Mrs. Alexina Carter-Barrell, an American singer of Boston, Mass. Negro and Creole folk songs were given on December 3. Dr. W. E. B. Du Bois was the lecturer; Mrs. Barrell, soprano; Mellville Charlton, organist; Walter Craig, violinist, and Henry L. Jeter, violoncellist, with Mrs. Dora Cole Norman, solo dancer. On December 10 an Indian and Mexican progTam was presented, with the addition of Miss Lucille Perry Hall as solo dancer. *I On December 14 Mr. Julian F. Adger, organist, gave an organ recital under the auspices of the Philadelphia Organists' Alliance, at Cherry Memorial Church, Philadelphia. Pa. The assisting artists were Miss Blanche Williams, soprano, and Miss Elizabeth Benson, pianist. *I On December 29 the Philadelphia Concert Orchestra gave the first of a series of concerts for the season 1913-1914, at Philadelphia. The soloist was Miss Lydia C. McClane, soprano, of Philadelphia. The orchestra, which is in its ninth season, is the first incorporated colored symphony orchestra in the United States. I Mr. T. Theo Taylor, pianist, and Mr. Harrison Emanuel, violinist, of Chicago, 111., were heard in a joint recital on November 20, at Springfield, 111. *B Cloyd Boykin, the artist of Boston, Mass., sailed on November 29 for London. Mr. THE CRISIS Boykin is to have the advantage of a year's study of the art of England, France and Italy. *I A new addition to American literature at the close of the year is Mr. William Stanley Braithwaite's "Anthology of Magazine Verse," dedicated to "The poets of America singing to-day, The soul of their country, Truth, Beauty, Brotherhood, Their names are torches." 1 Mrs. Estelle Ancrum Forster, of Boston, gave a recital at Haynes Hall, Boston, on December 10. Mrs. Forster was assisted by Clarence Cameron White, violinist, Theodore Drury, tenor, and Mrs. Clarence Cameron White, accompanist. 1 The Renaissance Players, a company of colored players, will give a series of plays in Washington and other cities during the present season. The purpose of the players is to bring the best side of the Negro before the public in contrast to the plays which caricature the race. The company is offering a prize of $25 for the best three-act drama. James Reese Europe has resigned as presi dent of the Clef Club, and Daniel Kildare has been elected to fill the position. 1 The Hampton Singers, a chorus of forty from Hampton Institute, were heard at Carnegie Hall, New York, on January 27, in Negro folk songs illustrating a motion-picture pageant of agricultural life in the South. The Hon. George McAneny, president of the board of aldermen, spoke in behalf of Hampton, the first industrial school for Negroes and Indians. andJ Mr. Roland W. Hayes, tenor, and Miss Maria L. Baldwin, reader, appeared in recital at the home of Mrs. Robert R. Gardiner in Boston. Miss Baldwin read selections from Paul Laurence Dunbar and Mr. Hayes' songs were by Negro composers. The Musical Courier says: "Mr. Hayes, whose entire vocal training has been received during the last two years at the studio of Arthur J. Hubbard, revealed himself as the possessor not only of an uncommonly fine voice, but of instinctive musicianship and sincerity of purpose as well. In the voice itself were the two essentials of quality and body, while the results of his excellent training were seen in the perfect ease and freedom of his tone production, the remarkable clarity of his diction and the excellence of his legato singing. The program was sufficiently varied to show the range of his vocal and artistic accomplishments, which are nothing short of remarkable considering the comparatively brief period he has been studying." andI The Saturday program at the Sherwood Music School, of Chicago, was given on November 29, by Mary Haines, who read poems by Dunbar. andI George W . Blount writes in the Southern Workman of Mr. Alexander Hughes, a colored citizen of Springfield. Mass., who was awarded the first prize for the best kept lawn and most beautiful flower garden two successive years. Mr. Hughes cultivates his own gardens and also the vacant or neglected lots of his neighbors before and after his regular work hours. He gives flowers to the hospitals and to strangers having no friends near. SOCIAL UPLIFT. Th DWAR D REED, a little 11-year old colored boy, saved Marguerite Williams, a 2-year-old white child, from drowning in Kansas City, Mo. He pulled the unconsicous child from the creek into which she had slipped and resuscitated her by applying first aid to the drowning as he had learned to do in school. ^ Colored people of Nashville, Tenn., contributed more than $600 to the campaign fund for the white Y. M. C. A. ^ The colored employees at Wanamaker's, in Philadelphia, have organized a Robert C. Ogden Club in appreciation of Mr. Ogden's work among NegToes. ^ The New York American, with the aid of the Women's Business League of Greater New York, had more than 100 dolls dressed and distributed among the poor colored children as Christmas gifts. I The colored women of Birmingham, Ala., are carrying on a campaign for a Y. W. C. A., which has resulted so far in over S00 paid-up members. andJ Resolutions condemning the use of the small "n" in the word Negro were adopted at one session of the emancipation celebration in Syracuse, N. Y. andI James Selly and Clifton Parham, two colored boys employed at the Alclyde apartments in New York, rescued all of the inmates from the burning building. They continued to run the elevator through Are and smoke in spite of the danger to themselves. andI A young colored man, G. A. Morgan, has invented a breathing helmet and smoke protector for the use of firemen in fighting flames. This helmet is in use in several large cities of Ohio, New York and Pennsylvania, and it is probable that New York City will adopt it. andJ In a large mass meeting of Negroes in Atlanta, Ga., $5,375 was added to $11,500 already raised for the Y. M. C. A. ^ It is said that Mrs. L. Brackett Bishop, a white woman, the wife of a wealthy Chicago man, will adopt fifteen 1-year-old children from as many races in order to learn which will develop faster under the same conditions. Fulton County, Ga., has recently purchased 400 acres of land for a reformatory for colored boys and girls. *5 Judith C. Horton, a young colored woman, with five others, succeeded in getting funds to begin a public library in Guthrie, Okla. After the first payment upon the building was made and the library was proving to be a success and of great use to the community, the city took over the library and assumed the debt. This library was established in 1908 and was the first public library in the Southwest. ^ A tuberculosis hospital for Negroes has been established at Wilson, N. C. The Grand Lodge of Masons in that State con tributed largely to it. andI The Missouri Grand Lodge of Colored Odd Fellows has purchased land for the erec tion of a home for aged members of the order. 1 The records of desertion from the army show that the colored Ninth and Tenth Cavalries and the white Fifth Infantry have had the smallest number. 1 Sergeant W. H. Brice, first sergeant of the Twenty-fourth Infantry, has retired after twenty-six years of service. «J The Kentucky State Federation of Colored Women's Clubs has more than doubled its membership in the past year. The federation has also established a scholarship loan fund, for which $213 has been collected so far. andJ The cross-country championship of Greater New York was won by Frank Jenkins, a colored student of the Jamaica (L. I.) high school. He came out well ahead at the end of the three and a quarter mile course. *i Jordan Cavener, a former slave, died recently, leaving an estate worth $75,000. lie bequeathed small sums of money to four white people who had befriended him. ^ Thomas H. Stewart, a colored man, has been appointed to the chief messengership in the United States Patent Office. This position has always been held by a while man. and5 John Caldwell, a Negro, by prompt' action in arousing the inmates, saved thirty families and eighty guests from probable death by burning in Perry Hotel, Cleveland, O. *J Many of the colored people of Richmond, Va., are opposing an exposition to celebrate fifty years of freedom. They. want the governor to appropriate the $25,000 for a sanitarium for colored consumptives or for some other charitable institution. and J J. W. Cromwell, principal of the Alexander Crummell School, in Washington, D. C , has written a book, "The Negro in American History," which will soon be in circulation. The purpose of this book is to furnish the teacher with supplementary material with which to increase the colored student's knowledge of his race's part in the development of the country. andI Andrew Carnegie has donated a library for the colored people of Evansville, Ind. *]] The Christmas fund raised by the Times-Democrat, of New Orleans, for indigent colored people amounted to $1,020. Through this fund and the efforts of the Mystic Order of Hobgoblins, of New Orleans, about 12,000 poor little colored children were remembered by Santa Claus. ^ When eight frightened Texas steers broke forth in the streets of New York some time ago, officer Holmes, one of Manhattan's new colored policemen, seized a big steer by the nostrils as it was trampling upon another policeman, shut off its wind and with a jiujitsu twist threw the animal and held him down until others could rope him. *I The Pullman porters are endeavoring to form themselves into a union so as to demand fairer wages and hours from the Pullman Company. At present the hours are not only very irregular, but often exceedingly long and the wages paid are small. 1 \ enezuela has erected a monument to Alexander Petion, the first president of the republic of Haiti. Petion's father was a wealthy colonist and his mother a mulatto. EDUCATION. "D I SHOP J. ALBERT JOHNSON reports that the Fanny J. C'oppin Hall, at Wilberforce Institute, Evaton, Transvaal, South Africa, was completed in September, 1913. at a cost of $8,000. It has been married during the holidays against the rules of the school, and when the president refused to hear a committee of boys the students went on strike. Dr. Meserve has been president of Shaw for twenty-five years. ^ The late Adolphus Buseh, of St. Louis, Mo., bequeathed to the Provident Hospital, in Chicago, $5,000; to the Bartlett Agricultural and Industrial School, at Dalton, Mo., $2,000; to the Old Folks' Home, at St. Louis, $1,000; to the St. Louis Colored Orphan Home, $1,000; to the St. Francis Orphans' Home, Normandy, $1,000. FANNY J. COPPIN HALL, AT WILBERFORCE INSTITUTE. SOUTH AFRICA. entirely paid for with money raised by the J The white Southern Baptist convention at South African conferences. The women's its St. Louis meeting last May tendered its missionary societies of South Africa are financial aid to the colored national Baptist assisting in raising money with which to convention in the establishment of a theofurnish the building. logical seminary. It has been decided that and3 The Negro students of Shaw University this aid will be a donation of $50,000, and have sent a request to the board of trustees the seminary will be established in one of asking that a colored president be put in the the five cities of which Memphis and Louisplace of President Meserve. A student ville are the most prominent. ALONG THE COLOR LINE 167 andJ Senator William P. Jackson has introduced an amendment to the Smith-Lever agricultural extension bill providing that the appropriations be distributed without partiality among the white and colored races. *J The first annual meeting of the Associations of Colleges for Negro Youth convened at Knoxville, Tenn., on November 7. The three main subjects for discussion at this meeting were: (1) Entrance requirements to the college. (2) The requirements for the college degree. (3) The reception of students dismissed from other colleges. Representatives from eight Negro colleges were present. THE CHURCH. ' I ' HE Church League for Work Among * Colored People, in Milwaukee, Wis., met and decided to purchase a piece of ground to erect a parish house for colored people. 9 The council of the Congregational Church will contribute $30,000 annually for church work among colored people. ECONOMICS. ' I ' HE report given out by the auditor of * public accounts of Virginia shows that Negroes in Virginia own property, real and personal, worth $34,743,656, and that Negroes in the city of Richmond pay taxes on property valued at $4,118,910. andJ The report of the postal savings bank in New York City states that of the 30,138 depositors on June 30, 1913, 654, or 22 per cent., were Negroes, with deposits of $39,673. andJ The colored people of Knoxville, Tenn., have purchased ground for a hospital which will accommodate forty-eight patients. Two colored lawyers in Little Rock, Ark., John Gaines and Scipio Jones, have applied for a charter to sell stock for the erection of a' $50,000 hotel for Negroes in Little Rock. *$ The Le Roi Mercantile Company, of Spokane, Wash., has organized with a capital stock of $10,000 for the purpose of conducting a hotel and general merchandise department. «J Scott Bond and his son, two wealthy planters of Madison, Ark., have purchased a model gravel moving and loading machine costing $10,000. This is said to be only the second machine of its kind sold in the South. Samuel Keeton, of Bloomington, Ky., is well known in his State as a colored cattle king. Recently he carried about $10,000 worth of cattle to the Mt. Sterling market. *J Richard T. Ware, a young colored man, of Washington, D. C , opened up a well-equipped shoe store six months ago which is already on a paying basis. *J A colored enterprise, the Acme Steam Laundry, in St. Louis, employs forty colored men and women. *I The Masons of Tennessee are planning to build a $50,000 temple. The Equitable Insurance Company was recently organized by colored men of Muskogee, Okla. andJ The Windham Brothers, a contracting firm in Birmingham, Ala., employ 100 men the year around. B. L. Windham started as a carpenter twenty-seven years ago, and for seven months of the year 1913 the contracts of the firm were up to $265,000. *I On January 1 a colored bank was opened in Jacksonville, Fla., with Charles H. Anderson as president. *j| P. H. Smith, a contractor of Durham, N. C., has purchased a city block, upon which he will erect houses for rental. «J G. W. Mitchell, of Chicago, has launched the Mitchell Fountain Ink Eraser Company. Mr. Mitchell has invented a fluid which, used in a fountain pen, erases ink. It is said that a white firm offered Mr. Mitchell $25,000 for the patent. andI The deposits of the Solvent Savings Bank, in Memphis, Tenn., are estimated to be more than $140,000. J The Institute Building and Land Company, a corporation composed of colored men in Institute, W. Va., has purchased a farm of 210 acres. The farm will be divided into building lots and put on the market in the spring. PERSONAL. A MONG the recipients of medals from the McClintic-Marshall Company for work on the locks of the Panama Canal is the name of George A. Barnes, a colored man. *J James A Wright, a divinity student at Andover Theological Seminary, has been elected vice-president of the Harvard-Andover Divinity Club. He is the first colored member of the club. 168 THE *I Peter J. Smith, a colored Democrat, has been appointed as a deputy corporation inspector at Boston. He was an applicant for assistant register of the treasury. andI Rev. E. C. Morris, president of the national Baptist convention, has been named as a member of the American committee for the celebration of the signing of the treaty of Ghent and the 100 years of peace between Great Britain and the United States. 1$ Among the guests at the recent wedding of President Wilson's daughter was the minister of Haiti. «I Rev. R. R. Wright, editor, and J. I. Lowe, business manager of the Christian Recorder, have been reinstated. andl W. E. B. Du Bois spoke to the students of Smith College at the regular vesper service on December 14. Julian H. Lewis, fellow in pathology in the University of Chicago, has been elected to membership in Sigma Xi, the national honorary scientific fraternity. *J Major John C. Buckner, of Chicago, died on December 17. While serving in the forty- first and forty-second general assemblies Major Buckner did much for the protection of the colored miners and their families who were being threatened by mobs. He also organized the Ninth Battalion of the National Guard, which was the beginning' of the present Eighth Regiment of Illinois. andI Miss Carolyn M. Wood has been elected superintendent of the orphanage at River dale-on-the-Hudson. to succeed Frank Barber who resigned lately. *II L. A. Jackson, of Englewood, N. J., a colored student of Harvard University, ha? been chosen as orator of the class. andI Thomas Downing, who was for fifty years a clerk in the foreign department of the Boston postoffice, is dead. MEETINGS. r TT HE National Benefit Association of the District of Columbia celebrated its fifteenth anniversary in November. The assets of the association are estimated at $234,500. andJ The National League on Urban Conditions Among Negroes held its annual meeting in New York City on December 3. Prof. Kelly Miller, of Howard University, and Prof. George E. Haynes, of Fisk. were among the speakers. CRISIS and! The Masonic Grand Lodge for the jurisdiction of Pennsylvania held its annual session in Philadelphia December 8. The North Carolina Masons met in Newbern at about the same time. andI The Tuskegee's annual Negro conference will convene February 22. andI The Missouri State Teachers' Association met in Jefferson City in December. fand The Sunflower State Agricultural Association held the annual meeting at the Topeka (Kan.) Industrial and Educational Institute in December. andI The third annual meeting of the Grand Chapter of Kappa Alpha Nu, a national Greek-letter fraternity of Negro college men. was held in Indianapolis, Ind., December 29-30. *! The seventeenth annual session of the Negro American Academy met in Washington. D. C . on December 30. 1 The Georgia conference of the A. M. E. Church held its fortieth annual session at Hawkinsville, Ga., November 25-30. *3 Negro State farmers' week will be held at the A. and M. College in Greensboro. N. C, February 9 to 14. *3 The third annual conference of employed and volunteer workers in colored Young Women's Christian Associations in cities will be held in Philadelphia. Pa., under the direction of the national board, from January 2S to February 2. and3 The Teachers' Association of Northern West Virginia held its annual session at Morgantown on November 27 and 2S. *J The fifth annual convention of the Intercollegiate Socialist Society, attended by men and women from all over the country, was held in New York on December 29, 30 and 31. Dr. W. E. B. Du Bois was one of the speakers on "Socialism and Suffrage." *I At the fifty-first anniversary of the emancipation proclamation, at Stamford, Conn., Postmaster Bohle. of that place, and Mr. A. G. Dill, of New York, were the speakers. *I The sixteenth session of the Arkansas Teachers' Association was held in Little Rock December 29-30. *5 The National Association for the Advancement of Colored People held the annual meeting in New York on January 5. The general subject was segregation. ALONG THE FOREIGN. ' I' HE Hon.'Edward Rawle Drayton, a Barbadian, has been appointed to administer the government of the Windward Islands during the governor's absence. *I Five of the East Indian strikers in South Africa are reported killed by policemen. *B President Michael Oreste, of the Republic of Haiti, has ordered all Jamaicans to leave Haiti. ^ At the distribution of prizes at Sorbonne, France, among colleges belonging to the university, two of the winners were Haitians. One, a mulatto, won the prize for Latin composition and the other, a black man, stood highest in Greek composition. A motion protesting against the compulsory accommodation of natives in the Transkeian Territories, South Africa, has been adopted. Originally hotelkeepers were prosecuted if they failed to accommodate natives. *3 A member of the Port Elizabeth (Africa) town council has succeeded in having all public seats in the municipality reserved for Europeans. The colored people are arranging a mass meeting to protest against this discrimination. ^ The Kimberley branch of the African Political Organization appealed to the school board to pass a compulsory school law for the natives. The school board expressed sympathy with the request, but refused to provide accommodations for the native and colored children. The colonization movement in Liberia has been resumed after a lull of twenty years. A. C. Faulkner, a colored man, of Baltimore, who sailed for Liberia on December 20 with his wife and child, is the first of the new colonists. THE COURTS. WILLIAM YOUNG, a Negro, accused of assaulting a white girl in Way- cross, Ga., has been acquitted. This is the first time that a Negro accused of rape in Georgia has been acquitted. andJ Antonio Navarro, of San Domingo, is suing the Sisters of Ladycliff Academy, at Highland Falls, N. Y., for $5,000. He claims that his daughter was received in the school under a four years' contract and later rejected because the other students "drew the color line." COLOR LINE *I The white Knights of Pylhias in Tennessee have dropped the case in the Uniled States Supreme Court against the colored Pythians. ^ Charles Kie, a Pueblo Indian, sued for $5,000 damages for being restrained from voting and $5,000 for being committed to jail. The case was heard in the United Slates District Court at Sante Fe, N. M., and damages were not granted to the Indian. Kie may take the case to a higher court. *II Governor Mann, of Virginia, has issued a full pardon for George Nelson, a colored man senlenced to one year in the penitentiary for forging orders on a tobacco warehouse. The man is pardoned because he is innocent and was convicted on incomplete evidence. 1$ Police Judge Osborn, of Columbus, 0., sentenced three white men to six months in the workhouse and fines of $200 and costs each for attacking a colored police officer, Henry Lane. The judge refused to comply with the jury's request for leniency in the case. THE GHETTO. A SHORT time ago, when the colored employees of the Pickering Lumber Company in Logansport, La., reported for work, they found placards posted on the premises of the company. These placards, which the white employees are suspected of putting up, read: "Niggers, don't let the sun go down on you here." It seems, however, that the placards were simply a cowardly bluff. *l The Boston Symphony Orchestra gives five concerts in Washington, D. C , each winter, and heretofore colored people have been able to procure some kind of seats. This year it is reported that they are barred from the concerts entirely. 1 Assistant Postmaster Mischenux, of Florence, S. C , has been discharged. The only reason for this action seems to be the fact that Mr. Mischeaux is a Negro. The postmaster says that he is determined to have all colored clerks, even those protected by civil service, discharged, so that white girls can be emjjloyed in the office. andI A pamphlet recently issued by the school department of Philadelphia shows that most of the white graduates of the grammar schools work in factories or offices or enter THE CRISIS trades. On the other hand, by far the largest per cent, of colored graduates are compelled to enter domestic service because other occupations are not open to them. 9 The segregation ordinance in Augusta, with many prominent colored citizens and a white paper openly opposing it, was defeated in the city council. *I At the recent session of the Woman's Home Missionary Society of the Methodist Church in Washington, D. C, Mrs. Hilda M. Nasmyth, of Philander Smith College, succeeded in getting 162 signatures to a resolution against the Florida school law. ^ Joseph Harrold and Barnett Jimson, two colored men of Newport News, Va., refused to give up their seats in a trolley ear to white people. They were arrested and later acquitted. They will bring suit against the railway company for "false arrest and imprisonment." CI Protest was made to the council of East Orange against discrimination of colored people at the Lyceum Theatre in that place. The mayor stated that he would write the manager of the theatre a strong letter against this policy. ^ Mrs. Joseph T. Bowen, in her report to the Juvenile Protective Association in Chicago, called attention to the fact that colored children are not even allowed to bathe in the waters of Lake Michigan. J George H. Jackson, who was appointed consul at Cognac, France, by President Taft, has been dismissed. Kenneth F. Pat-ton, a white man, succeeds him. This position is perhaps the best in the consular service ever held by a colored man and was supposed to be protected by the civil service. *I Madisonville, Ky., has passed a segrega tion ordinance. 1$ The North Carolina Teachers' Association has appointed a commission upon equal passenger accommodations on the railroad lines of that State. This commission will bring definite cases of improper service before the State commission and, if necessary, the interstate commission. *I Joseph Ricks, a colored man, who was elected borough auditor on the Republican ticket in Coatesville, Pa., was arrested for disorderly conduct. The general opinion seems to be that the arrest of Auditor Ricks was simply a case of prejudice. andI Dr. H. E. Young, of Baltimore, purchased a house on Myrtle Street at an auction sale. No one is occupying the house, but when it was learned that it had been purchased by a colored man a mob broke every window pane in the house. Colored people will move in and a test case will be made of it by the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People. CKIME. "dAVI D LEE, a Negro, 45 years old, was lynched in Jefferson, Tex., about midnight of January 2. A dozen masked men took him from the jail in which he was imprisoned for shooting a constable. The constable has recovered, as the victim of the mob inflicted only flesh wounds. 1 Cleve Culbertson, a white man, was lynched in Williston, N. D. He was charged with the murder of three members of the Dillon family of Williston. 1 At St. Charles, Mo., a policeman and one Negro were killed as the result of a race riot. It is claimed that the riot was caused by the attempt of two Negroes to escape arrest. *I The deputy sheriff and two Negroes are dead as the result of a race riot in Bass-field, Miss. No definite cause of the riot is given. Mary E. Mitchell, a colored woman, accused of killing a white boy under provocation, near Madison, N. C , was carried to the prison at Stoneville to prevent A lynching. ^ Four white men in Greely, la., have been arrested, charged with murder, for participating in the recent lynching of a colored man in that place. andI John S. Gaines, a colored policeman of Austin, Tex., was fatally shot in the back while reporting over the telephone to the station. The murderer was a white deputy, George Booth. So far no reason for the crime has been given, but it is thought that Gaines had gained the enmity of several members of the force because of his fight against houses of prostitution which they had been paid to keep quiet about. *I W. J. Fuller, a white lawyer of Montgomery, Ala., rushed into the courtroom last May and killed a colored man being held for trial. He has been acquitted on the plea of insanity. Opinion On Thursday, November 6, AN INTERVIEW five colored men and one WITH THE colored woman, led by Mr. PRESIDENT. W . M. Trotter, had an interview with the President and presented a petition against segregation with 20,000 signatures. No record of this event has appeared in THE CRISIS and the Boston Guardian is disturbed over the omission. The explanation is simple. The monthly edition of THE CRISIS is now so large that it has to go to press early. All matter for the December CRISIS, for instance, was in the hands of the printer November 3. This meant that this interview could not be mentioned for something like six weeks. At that time it could scarcely be called news. There was not the slightest intention on the part of THE CRISIS to belittle or ignore this important event, but monthly newspapers have verv distinct limitations. A colored man who rejoices in ANOTHER the name of Horace Donia Coler- CRINGING ance was elected to the city coun COWARD. cil of Winchester, Ky., recently. His fellow white members objected to him; therefore, he resigned and gives this lucid and brave explanation of his course: "Members of the new council got up a petition declaring that they would not sit in the council with a Negro, signed when a friend of mine saw it by six councilmen, and I afterward heard that the seventh man signed it. Now as far as I was concerned all of them asking for my resignation could not affect my standing as a councilman. They could themselves resign, but the thought came to me: Will it be the best thing for my people in my ward for me to sit two years in humiliation and being snubbed and sat upon? "They would do no improvements in the Fourth Ward, a vote from me or a suggestion would fall on deaf ears. Is it not selfishness that I sit two years (if I am not waylaid and shot down) and my people suffering? I laid the matter before my wife and boy (two of the best friends I have on earth). My wife readily desired me to get out of it all; my son thought best to stay. I talked with Dr. J. H. Holmes and he finally thought that I could do no good. Dr. M. S. Brown, a friend of mine for many years and a member of the present council, came first to my store, and we had a long talk over the matter and he took the matter under advisement, returning to my residence Friday morning, and we agreed that for peace and harmony he advised me to resign." So the colored gentleman resigned and named a white Democrat in his place, whom he describes as the "Honorable James N. Hiles." No wonder our race is still in slavery. It is always pleasant to have our POLITICS. gouthern white fr;ends fan out because then we get little glimpses of the truth. In South Carolina the Columbia State does not like Mr. Blease and Mr. Tillman, and has been saying things. The New York Evening Post says editorially: "In explaining South Carolina's indifference to woman suffrage, the Columbia State makes a confession regarding the misuse of manhood suffrage in that commonwealth which would justify any unfranchised portion of the population in agitating for the ballot. The State has about 330,000 men of voting age. But 'the central and principal policy of our politics is the exclusion of 165,000 of these possible voters from the polls because they are Negroes.' Worse remains behind, however, in the use that the white voters themselves make of the fran THE CRISIS chise. 'Everybody knows,' the State , declares, 'that in recent years we have failed to conduct a white man's primary, free from fraud and corruption. * * * We lack either the intelligence or the courage to prosecute bribe takers and bribe givers. Our corrupt-practice laws are honored in the breach. We have so far neglected to arrange a party enrollment that is even a reasonable check on illegal voting and repeating.' The discouraging element in the situation is that the primaries were once conducted honestly; their debauching is a recent development. If there be 'treason' in the State's frankness, it is the kind of treason that it behooves honest voters to make the most of." In this same line there is a funny extract from the Florence (S. C.) Times. Florence, by the way, has a majority of colored people in its population. "The people of Florence have for a number of years been trying to get the post-office here in the control of white men, and it is the very irony of fate that it is the unthinking white people, men of business standing whose word is worth something in the community, that has blocked the efforts of the people in this direction. The softness of the man who cannot refuse to sign any paper that is presented to him is the whole story, of cause and effect. It kept a Negro postmaster in Florence long after even the cities of the North had cast him over, and even the Republican party had repudiated him. It now happens that the assistant postmaster is the one to be changed, and the petition of a number of the business men of the city 'to retain him in some position in the service' is apt to break up the whole thing. We know, and the men who signed the petition know, that Florence wants a change in that postoffiee and wants it bad, but they could not resist the request to sign a petition to keep the assistant postmaster there, and excused it on the ground that they would not ask for him to keep the responsible position that he has. but merely asked that he be retained in the service. That is weakness dodging weakness, and men who act so foolishly do not deserve to have anything that they want, for they neither have backbone nor judgment to appreciate what they get. They may excuse themselves all they want, for half if not nine-tenths of the people believe that an excuse is like charity, covering everything in sight. The world does not want excuses and the damage being done to the wishes of the community all the excuses in the world do not undo. There is but one thing to do now and that is to get your name off the petition that we understand blocks the way of the postmaster in trying to get a force of competent white people in the office." We note with interest that some Northern white papers are beginning again to insist upon the farce of this sort of Democratic government. The Boston Daily Advertiser, in a leading editorial, says: "In the name of ten millions of Americans, whose rights are now refused them, and who often suffer from the grossest injustice on that account, we appeal to Woodrow Wilson, as President of the United States. President Wilson has made it plain that he regards with concern the welfare of a few thousands of Americans in Mexico, who are the victims of unconstitutional government in Mexico. Will he not also lend a pitying ear to the cry for help which comes from some ten millions of Americans who suffer from admittedly unconstitutional government in the United States? "Although the unconstitutional methods of depriving the NegToes of the South of their right to vote has been an open and neglected sore in American polities for many years, we trust to President Wilson's own assurances as to his beliefs and policies in assuming that he at last will overthrow this evil and heal up this pestilential evil. "All Americans, unquestionably, felt a fine glow and fervor when they read the recent message of President Wilson to Congress, in connection with the refusal of the American government to recognize the illegal and unconstitutional government of the dictator Huerta, in Mexico. * * * "Is the government of the United States to-day 'constitutional'? Indeed it is not. It is maintained only in defiance of the Constitution. The vote in the Electoral College was cast for President Wilson (so far as regards the electoral strength from the Southern States) in flat, open, flagrant, impudent defiance of the Constitution. Every vote cast in the House of Representatives during a quorum, no matter for or against what measure, is admittedly and flagrantly cast in defiance of the explicit commands of the Constitution of the United States." OPINION 173 The Rev. Charles F. Aked SEGREGATION. publishes a strong word for the Negro in the San Franciscco Examiner. He says among others things: "The crime against the Negro continues. North, as well as South, East equally with the West, hangs, shoots and occasionally roasts its Negroes by order of Judge Lynch. State after State disfranchises its Negroes; the 'Jim Crow' car is still running; the Wilson administration discriminates against the Negro clerk or employee at Washington— and nobody seems to mind. "Florida shows the lengths to which the crime against the NegTO may carry a sovereign State. Last June a law was enacted making it a penal offense for a white person to teach Negroes in Negro schools. Florida has no mixed schools. The brutal animus of the legislation is clear. "Washington answers back to Florida. In the government departments discrimination and segregation, wherever possible, are being practised. President Woodrow Wilson's administration is a Southern administration, with Southern prejudices and Southern injustice to the Negro. His 'New Freedom,' which we were so innocent as to take for the sincere expression of a great man's convictions, turns out to be not inconsistent with the old bondage to ignoble fear." The Boston Record says: "Negroes segregated and crowded out in the Federal departments. Negroes excluded from the White House welfare-work meeting. " Negroes barred from subscription to Boston Symphony Orchestra concerts at Washington. Just what is the idea? Here is involved no question of 'social equality,' but of ordinary human justice to men and women seeking first to work honorably and efficiently; second, to do their share in helping others to live better lives; third, to enjoy those uplifting and inspiring influences which are the common rights of mankind. It is not an American program unfolding at the Capital." "Colored people," says Oswald Garrison Villard, in the North American Review, "rightly declare — as must every fair-minded man free from prejudice—that this spells caste. They believe that it is intended to drive them out of the public service by rendering it intolerable for Negroes with self-respect; they assert that one of the Assistant Secretaries of the Treasury has already held up the promotion of two colored clerks becauso of their color. Segregation is, beyond doubt, an entering wedge, and here is the chief significance of it all. Let a precedent be established, and who shall say what the outcome will be, to what lengths despotic officials will take their way by means of discrimination, intimidation, by above-board or underhand methods? Who shall prophesy to what extent this caste idea may not be developed in the decades to come? If Negroes can thus be set apart contrary to the spirit of the civil-service law and of the Constitution itself, why not others —Jews, for instance? This phase of it ought to appeal to every supporter of the Woodrow Wilson administration. Every administration that comes into power in Washington, whether it be good or bad, must expect to encounter an enormous amount of criticism. The more virile the government the more determined it is to put through reforms on behalf of the whole people and to strike at intrenched privilege, the more certain it is to be criticised and to have its motives questioned and assailed. This has been particularly true of the Wilson administration. "How shortsighted, as well as unjust, it was, then, for it to have raised this issue of segregation at this time, or for that matter at any time! Did it uot have troubles enough with Mexico, with the Philippines, with the currency problem—with a hundred-odd things? At the outset of his career as President Mr. Wilson has, from a politician's point of view, most wrongly and needlessly antagonized one-ninth of the population of this country and its white sympathizers. He has alienated thousands of colored voters in pivotal States, when it would have been so easy to let the situation rest precisely as it was under Mr. Taft. Indeed, it may come to pass that Mr. Wilson will go clown to history as the man who set in motion terrible forces for evil without adequate conception or prevision of the dangers he was inviting." There is, however, a rather indefinite report that segregation in Washington departments has either been lessened or at any rate is not growing. The Springfield Republican declares: "The Washington correspondent of the Boston Advertiser, who has been paying close attention to the charges of discrimination between the white and colored employees in the departments at Washington, now reports that the causes for complaint are being removed. The nub of his summing up follows: 'Negro segregation in the departments of the Federal government has not only been effectually checked and therefore stopped, but it is rapidly being disintegrated— wiped off the slate, in other words. Somebody has seen a big light, and as the start of Negro segregation was very quiet, so its demise is being conducted in a similarly noiseless way. * * * Segregation has largely been a movement in the under strata of the departments. The little fellows have tried to put into force an idea that they had. It spread like smallpox contagion when it was found that the heads were not saying anything in opposition. But the opposition did come though from without, and has made itself felt by impressing the authorities high up who were so incredulous.' "In other words, when this matter was called to the attention of President Wilson he proceeded to deal with it without summoning a brass band and is getting the results desired." On the other hand, the Afro-American Ledger, one of the best of colored papers, has this striking comment: "If we are to be a nation within a nation, then the sooner we understand it and get about it the sooner we will be in a position to take a substantial interest in all the things that are going on around us. It is plain that if we want a share in a community Christmas tree we must have a community Christmas tree all of our own. We must have our own stores and not depend on the stores of other people. In fact we must have a little world of our own revolving inside of the other and larger world. The Negro must learn to provide for all his own needs, be what they may. The Negro must provide for everything, from the birth of child to the death of the great-grandfather. Boots, shoes, clothing, houses, lands, food, hospitals, schools, churches, orphan asylums, old folks' homes and what not. He must learn to invest his savings in bonds and mortgages of public utilities; he must learn that he must be represented along money lines in steamboats, street cars, railroads and everything else which takes public money to run. Thus he will be able in the course of time to have some say as to where he shall sit as well as the other fellow, for he will be part owner. "These are the things which are to be the outcome of the present segregation in all public affairs. When we shall have demonstrated our ability to be independent, then and not until then will we become an integral part of the community like all other races and nationalities. And we better begin now." In New York City Negroes REAL ESTATE. „ , ,„ , were for years bottled up in the slums and tenderloin. About ten years ago a shrewd colored real-estate dealer, Philip A. Payton, found a way out by convincing white real-estate dealers that colored tenants pay. The result was a quick and enormous transplantation of the Negro population to one of the healthiest parts of New York—in Harlem. Since then repeated attempts have been made to drive out this colored population. A correspondent in the New York World says of the real-estate situation: "Another important factor is the Negro problem. It cannot be denied that the Negro is entitled to pitch his tent wherever he sees fit. Experience, however, has shown that a colored invasion is followed by calamitous depreciation. As yet we are not ripe for assimilation, and this disturbance has played havoc with West Harlem to an almost incalculable extent. The average Negro is, however, law abiding and proves a good-paying tenant. Prejudice on account of color should be overcome, with a resultant benefit to both owner and investor." Meantime, however, Shaw and Company, white real-estate agents at 1 West 125th Street, are sending out circulars proposing an incorporated real-estate company to get rid of colored people. The statement says: "In the last few years the colored population in the upper section of Harlem has spread to such an extent that its effect on the real-estate values in the entire Harlem section has been very marked, causing shrinkage in values running into very large figures. "The question will arise in considering this proposition as to the section into which the colored population could be transferred. OPINION 175 This is a matter for open discussion, there being several sections to which they could be removed that would afford adequate housing facilities equal if not better than those which they now enjoy, as well as the transit facilities which must be considered. "It is the opinion of the people interested in the section through holding mortgages that the scheme is a good one, and they have expressed their willingness to give the move their co-operation. There is not a bank or other institution holding mortgages in the section that could not be counted upon for support. "At the present time it is almost an impossibility to obtain a mortgage loan in the section. "With the mortgage market in such con dition that the owners could not procure mortgages on colored property in the sec tion, it would be absolutely impossible for any one to hold out against this movement. It would rather be to everyone's advantage to join the movement and thereby obtain the assistance of the corporation." Will the colored people and their friends permit the success of this monstrous attempt to push back the colored population into the slums? A letter from Oklahoma to the ROBBERY. Professional World, a colored paper of Columbia, Mo., says: "In no State in the Union have Negroes been robbed, actually robbed with impunity and openly, as in this State, and to-day white men are worth millions who have built up their fortunes by thievery. Practically all the rich oil fields in this State were originally the property of Negroes. When the restrictions preventing the sale of freedmen's lands were removed by Congress in 1908, it was the signal for wholesale robbery of these freedmen's lands, and the white guardians of Negro minors sold their guardian wards' for a mere pittance and in turn shared in the fortunes made from oil found on the lands sold. Sarah Rector, the little Negro girl just out from Muskogee, whose income from her oil lands amounts to more than $1,000 a day, lives in a little log shack and wears the cheapest kind of clothes, and is given but a meagre education by her white guardian, who doles out for her support but a few dollars each month. To-day her income, with but perhaps a third of her land de veloped, amounts to $1,030 per day from oil products alone. This is increased by the money being loaned out at the legal rate of interest, making her income nearly $400,000 per annum. The white guardian receives 2 per cent, fee for handling her property, and the little Negro girl, although rich as Croesus, lives in a log shanty, has but the commonest fare and illy made clothes. If she were a white child her guardian would see that she lived in a manner befitting her income, and was receiving the best education. Her riches only serve to enrich whites—only serve to enable whites to live in luxury while she lives in poverty, or next door to poverty. "Only this week a decision was handed down in the courts of this State in the case of Adam Doyle, an old Negro 90 years of age, who is insane and whose lands, worth many millions for the oil on them, were disposed of, which practically and clearly robbed him. His present guardian brought suit to recover his valuable lands on the ground that he was insane, which he is, and not competent to make a deed or contract. Rich white oil companies are now in possession of his lands, worth many millions, having secured them from him for a mere song, because he was too unbalanced to know what he was doing when he signed them away. The decision given in the case was that 'he is a man of unsound mind, but capable of some understanding.' This queer decision legalizes the robbery of this old Negro, and gives to the soulless white individuals and corporations which secured his lands under deeds and contracts which he as an insane man signed. "Oklahoma has many bright Negro men and women, some brilliant and strong attorneys, but they cannot become guardians of the Negro minors who possess rich oil, coal and farming lands, because no bond they could get would be accepted by the courts, and because it is so arranged that they cannot secure proper bond." Florida's new law is still EDUCATION being commented on by the papers. The Milwaukee Free Press says: "It is just becoming generally known that the Florida legislature, at its recent session, clandestinely enacted a law whose object is to drive the white teachers out of THE CRISIS the colored mission schools and thus to cripple their efficiency. The principal section of the law reads: " 'From and after the passage of this act it shall be unlawful in this State for white teachers to teach Negroes in Negro schools, and for Negro teachers to teach in white schools.' "The punishment for violation is a fine not to exceed $500, or imprisonment of not more than six months. "Of course the second prohibition is wholly supererogatory and intended merely to give the law a show of consistency; for there are no Negro teachers in the white schools. "Compared with this law as an example of blind and fiendish race hatred, the segregation ordinance of Baltimore is mild indeed. That ordinance, at least, does not push the vicious segregation theory to a point where it raises a harrier to the Negro's education, the one hope of solution for the race problem. "Indeed, the Florida statute is the best evidence that there still exists a large body of Southern men who prefer to keep the black race in ignorance and thus measurably in its old-time bondage." The Boston Advertiser declares that: "The feeling that the South is in the saddle seems to have spread rapidly through the Southern States. One of the indications of this is the recent action of the State of Florida in making a law by which it has been declared illegal for white teachers to teach Negroes in Negro schools and for Negro teachers to teach in white schools. The latter part of this law is probably quite unnecessary, even from a Southern point of view, and the first part is a provision which is likely to work a great deal of harm in the South. Even in the days before the war it was the custom for white ladies to teach Negro children. On many an estate in the South the mistress of the great house and her daughters had school for the colored children. The situation during slavery was therefore, in a certain respect, better than the situation which the State of Florida now proposes to create. A great many colored people have become qualified as teachers in the last few years, but to cut off the colored people from any instruction from the whites is simply terrible." Mr. Charles Carroll Sims thus argues against the compulsory education law proposed in South Carolina, in the Charleston News-Courier: "If the compulsory education law should prevail, then, under present educational conditions the Negroes would come under the same provisions as the whites, with the result of exceedingly high education, but an aggravation of the labor problem and an end of agricultural pursuits. If it is true that the Negro is being educated in larger numbers than the whites under the present law, it is hard to conceive how the compulsory education would relieve the situation. If it be admitted that both races would be equally educated, a condition would arise in South Carolina of two races, absolutely different in kind, and utterly incapable of assimilation, more or less equally educated, struggling for supremacy. It would aggravate the servant problem, and increase it in all of its perplexities and worry, and cause a continual warfare between the races which God intended, and Jefferson announced, could only live together as master and servant." THE DEMAND ^or the benefit of See e Wh FOR MISCEGENATION. t, h° P °P l ° deceived by the ones of Southern demagogues we subjoin a few facts. The first is sent us in a letter: "On Tuesday morning, December 9, Mr. James H. Bell, a prosperous colored farmer, of Cedars, Miss., a little town about twenty miles from Vicksburg, was found shot and died shortly afterward. Mr. Bell owned a plantation of 4,200 acres of improved land, with necessary stock and fixtures. This property had been given him by his white father, who still lives in the neighborhood. It is the current belief that poor white relatives of Mr. Bell were implicated in the killing, this impression being heightened by the fact that Mr. Bell's younger brother was murdered only a few days before Mr. Bell himself. The plan seems to be to exterminate the family. The county authorities have, of course, found no trace of the murderers of their men." Another is from the Muskogee Phoenix, a white Oklahoma paper: "Late last night two prominent Muskogee business men were found by the police in the home of Maude Tate and Essa Thorne, OPINION 177 two Negro women. The house is on what is known as Frisco Alley, south and parallel to Elgin Avenue, between South 2d and 3d Streets. The women were arrested and will be tried in police court this morning at 9 o'clock. The men pleaded to escape arrest and to prevent their names becoming public, and were released by the police, as they were men who have good reputations and gave promises to attend to their own affairs and to keep to the straight and narrow path in the future. The women, however, are well known to the police, who have had past dealings with them." Another colored paper says: "Down in Georgia, not many days ago, a colored man was sentenced to hang, and actually given life imprisonment because he was caught with a white woman whose reputation was no better than those of Maud Tate and Essie Thorne. The poor black was literally railroaded to the penitentiary 'as an example to learn Niggers to stay in their place.' "It is such unequal administration of justice as exhibited in these cases that makes for bad Negroes and causes race strife, murders and lynchings. The affair of Maude Tate and Essie Thorne is not an isolated occurrence, but is one of countless instances of the same kind happening nightly in this city. "Last week a leading jeweler at Oklahoma City was sued for divorce by his wife, who named a colored woman as co-respondent." The election of a colored HARVARD'S man as orator of his class CLASS ORATOR. at Harvard for the third time within a generation has brought some comment. The Florida Times-Union does this quick step among the arguments: "Perhaps we have now reached the second stage in the development of public opinion as to racial distinctions—once it was taken for granted that a Negro had no political or social fitness because of his color, and now we may be ready in some sections to admit that he must have merit because of his color. Surely we. have taken the second step if we may believe the following editorial assumption from the New York World: " 'Class honors at Harvard are reputed to go by favor, but the selection of a Negro for the coveted place of classday orator by the vote of his classmates indicates that merit also counts, and that, too, without discrimination of race. This is the second time within recent memory that Harvard has ignored the color line in the award of classday prizes. Besides A. L. Jackson, of Englewood, on whom the present distinction is conferred, Roscoe Conkling Bruce, a Negro student from Mississipi, was chosen orator by his class eleven years ago.' "Why should our contemporary assume that merit has won because a Negro has been chosen? Why should it be assumed that merit had been disregarded if a white candidate had been elected? Perhaps it will be urged that nothing but real merit could have overcome the prejudice against the Negro—in that case we have the admission of a prejudice in the attempt to deny it "But is it matter of congratulation that a Negro whose great-grandfather was a savage has developed greater merit than any competitor among some hundreds of several races who might be credited with longer training if heredity count for anything? Would it be a matter of congratulation if Negroes could show candidates better fitted to be presidents or judges than any competitors of the white races? Would not the fact argue that the white races of this country had degenerated as much as that the Negro had improved? "But if we assume that some Negroes have eclipsed white rivals in worthy fields, can we longer hold that slavery was a crime? Is there a native Negro in his own land who has risen so high? Is there a Negro in any other country who has done so well? Then is it not fair to believe with some leaders of the race that slavery in the Southern States was the best school for the Negro? Might not New England now urge that the slave trade be resumed for the benefit of the Negro race as she once insisted on its preservation as her most profitable line of business?" Two well-known London weeklies ENGLISH have noted our problems. F. J. OPINION. Gould, who has been traveling in the States, writes in the Ethical World: "Baltimore is a 'Southern' city in temperament, and bears spiritual marks of the old slavery period—that is to say, it more or less willingly maintains social barriers between the white and the African. "The African. * * * But I shall never forget the uneasiness of my sensations when, having been set down in the official program to meet an assembly of 'colored' teachers, I observed that some of them were all but white like myself. Personally I was glad to be among these fellow teachers; but what oppressed me was the thought that there really was no absolute line of demarcation at all. The races were visibly mingled, and yet the barriers were still stern and difficult. Negro and European children attend different schools, the teachers are trained in separate colleges and the 'colored' schools are of inferior equipment. Not loudly, but often with determination, the European elements express a wish that Negro education may be kept at a low level in order that European households may be supplied with willing, if illiterate, cooks and grooms. "This is not really a desperate situation. One has to remember that the Africans were slaves till 1863 or 1865. Fifty or sixty years have not elapsed in vain. The very fact that my own tour has included some colored schools is a small but notable indication of progress. Indeed, for the Negro and mulatto people, and for the whites who are tinged by the fateful hue, the one hope is the civic school. The stars in their courses cannot resist the teacher, and ideas will finally overthrow old walls of prejudice and distrust. Reluctantly, perhaps, but inevitably, Baltimore must solve the riddle of the races, as must the whole vast South of the United States. It is not for me here to discuss so complex a subject as the economic aspects and the political aspects of this question. I have looked into the eyes of young colored folks, told them my stories, heard their spontaneous replies to my questions, and felt the pathos of their restrictions. One may estimate that the colored child is two years behind the march of the white child in intellectual achievement. W e need not ask how much of the distinction is due to heredity until (how remote the day!) all social and educational limitations are removed. "But they will be removed. "P. J. GOULD. "Louisville, Ky., U. S. A., November 18, 1913." Sidney and Beatrice Webb's New States man says in a book review: "No actual comparison of colored prog ress with white progress during the last fifty years is possible, for the starting point and the original momentum are so obviously disparate. The advance of the Negro must therefore be judged not comparatively, but positively; and, so judged, it calls for congratulation. Wherever he has been treated without prejudice and with a genuine desire to make the most of his capacities, he has responded; wherever he has failed in his duties as a citizen it is largely because he has been given to understand, by trickery or by bullying, that his co-operation is not wanted and that his very existence is an impertinence. The facts obligingly yield the exact moral that democratic theory requires : that if you treat a fellow creature simply as a fellow creature, spiritually and essentially the equal of everybody else, you get the best out of him—and he out of you; whereas if you treat him as an inferior, it degrades both him and yourself, This is the answer to lynching in America as it is to sweating in Dublin. "Even if race distinctions of capacity are permanent, that is no argument against equality; equality does not mean that in every business of a thousand men there shall be a fixed number of Negroes according to their proportion of the whole population, but simply that if any Negroes are fitted to be there, they shall not be excluded on the ground that they are Negroes. There is a ludicrousness in this insistence on a point so familiar to every thinking being; but the misunderstanding at which it is aimed crops up every day, in the exclusion of women from certain professions as well as in the doctrine of race separation. The race problem, however, all artificial misunderstandings swept aside, remains a problem. There is difference of opinion between high authorities, and, in the result, a profound ignorance. W e do not know how race tells, what characteristics it irrevocably involves, or what characteristics intermixture on any grand scale might produce. The solution cannot work itself out without searchings of heart; it is bound to cause individual tragedies by the way; and no man can foretell the course of it. But at least it can be kept clear of base irrelevaneies. Quite apart from the question of whether a white man should look upon the colored woman as a wife, there is no question, but a certainty, that he should look upon her as a sister." THE PHILADELPHIA By J. MAX THE Philadelphia Negr o dentist has already become a power in the community, a factor for good among his people. It was some twenty-five years ago that the late Dr. William A. Jackson completed a course in dentistry at the famous old Philadelphia Dental College. He was the janitor of the school before and during the entire time he studied. The doctor lived to build up a splendid practice, and before he died he aided, by counsel and otherwise, several young men who came into the field. Here, as all over the country, there were many colored people who did not, at first, patronize the colored dentist. This is the experience of all men of color in the professions. Nor was this unnatural. The race had been taught that a white skin was a passport to virtue and honor and an insurance against blunders and inefficiency. And, too, the black professional man had had no experience. In striking contrast to the doubters, however, there were those whose race loyalty outweighed every other consideration. They took chances on their own, preferring one of their own race with a little less skill to a white man. The Negro professional man quickly dispelled doubt by his accomplishments. There certainly is now no reason why he should not be patronized by the race. The Negro dentist here has become a factor of social uplift. There are twenty in Philadelphia, and they are meeting and handling an average of seventy-five patients a day. They take in, as fees, an average of $30,000 a year. Their outfits represent an outlay of between $18,000 and $20,000. The dentists themselves are investing in drugs and materials more than $10,000 a year. Think how all of this must help the race! First, twenty high-class men are coming in contact with 450 patients a week, representing every stratum of society. The 450 are receiving advice in oral hygiene; are having their pains relieved; their appearances improved; their digestions safeguarded and their opportunities for a liveli NEGRO DENTIST BARBER hood enhanced. The future generations will have a better chance in the race of life because of all of these facts. Second, the $30,000 taken in as fees go to make of these twenty men substantial factors in the community, because they are considered men of affairs. They receive that consideration from dealers and citizens which men of affairs are entitled to. This money enables them to support decent homes and families and to educate their children. The money they spend for outfits and materials is an asset in gaining the courtesy of the white race. Is the Philadelphia Negro dentist a success? This is a question which cannot be answered altogether in terms of dollars and cents. Success must be measured by the good one is doing for his fellow man. Using this as a standard, I should certainly pronounce the Negro dentist here a success. He is certainly saving lives, relieving pain, promoting oral cleanliness, making ugly faces beautiful and establishing a point of contact with the whites that helps the race. The colored dentists here are all ethical practitioners; with two or three exceptions, they are all clean men physically and morally, bearing themselves as gentlemen and leaders. Many of them are skilful operators. It is safe to say that those who have been in the profession more than four years are making an average of $1,500 a year. That is more than the average teacher, preacher, lawyer or government servant makes. There are no Bentleys here. Dr. Charles E. Bentley, of Chicago, must make at least $10,000 a year. He is at the very top of the profession in his city and enjoys a large practice among the wealthy citizens of the Windy City. But we have men here who make $5,000 a year, as, for instance, Dr. R. R. Royster. Dr. Royster was the first colored man to pass the Pennsylvania State board. He worked his way through school as a Pullman porter and a waiter, graduating in 1S99 from the Pennsylvania Dental College. Like most of our fellow men, he bought his outfit on credit. His skill as an operator soon attracted to him a very lucrative practice. To-day his office is crowded during work hours. Many of his patients 180 THE CRISIS E. E. EOYSTEE, D. D. S. are Hebrews. They are so well pleased with him that no influence could induce them to change their dentist. Dr. Solomon Cox has been practising longer than Dr. Royster. He began to practice dentistry before examinations were required by the State board. His practice is, perhaps, even larger than that of Dr. Royster. South Philadelphia can boast no more skilful or careful dental surgeon. It was only a month ago that Dr W. T. Robinson passed away. Sixteen years ago he graduated from the dental school of the University of Pennsylvania as the second best man in the class. If providence had not put upon him the badge of a black skin he would have been honored as the first man in scholarship in the class. He practised in West Philadelphia since 1S95, where he was widely known as a pioneer dentist among his people. Dr. William Myers Slowe is a graduate from Howard University. His success here, where he has practised for the last ten years, is a splendid argument for the dental school at Howard. Dr. Slowe is, perhaps, the most honored of the colored dentists in the city. He is the president of our local dental society, a member of the Philadelphia Academy of Medicine and Allied Sciences, a member of the National Medical Associa tion and dentist for the Home for Aged Colored People. He is a civic force in South Philadelphia. Dr. V. Pinnock Bailey, of Germantown, started practice two years ago in a whirlwind. The dental dealers estimate his practice at $3,000 a year. It is undoubtedly true that Dr. Bailey has a larger practice than any of the younger practitioners, and it is also a fact that he has the most costly outfit of any colored dentist in the city. Dr. Bailey is an operator of dispatch and skill, has a splendid poise and great business acumen. When a colored man can, by his own efforts, go through a Northern professional school without having had the opportunity for at least the foundations for a classical education, he deserves great credit. When, after graduation, he can, by industry and application, achieve success he deserves even more credit. Among such men I would mention particularly Dr. A. T. Overby and Dr. James T. Howard. Dr. Overby came up from the farm, through the brickyard and Pullman car to the operator's chair. Dr. Howard came by way of the brickyard, the barber's chair and the waiter's apron to the operator's chair. Both of these men are self made; neither had more than a prepara- W. M. SLOWE. D. D. S. THE EPISCOPAL CHURCH tory education, but both of them have become A very good percentage of the men in the educated gentlemen through hard work and dental profession here are college graduates. wide reading at home. Both are successful A majority of the men are Southern born, dentists. but Pennsylvania is well represented. THE EPISCOPAL CHURCH I HAV E enjoyed reading THE CRISIS, with the exception of the Christmas number. Your editorial on the Episcopal Church was far fetched. Whoever reported to you that the colored people were not well treated at the Cathedral of St. John the Divine the night you mentioned was certainly wrong. I had several friends with me that night, and the efforts of the ushers toward all colored people was to seat them front, and in every way to make them comfortable. Then, too, that was the night when the combined choir of the colored parishes of Xew York City sang, and not at the deliberation of the colored episcopate. This was done at a regular session of the convention separately by the house of bishops, and that of the clerical and lay delegates. I have no briefs for Bishops Gailor and Nelson; they can take care of themselves. My only desire in this is "to render to Caesar the things that are Caesar's." Yours, (Rev.) A. G. COMBS, Nashville, Tenn. M Much as I regretted the arrangement of the Cathedral service criticised in the December number of THE CRISIS, I still more regret that it should represent to you the attitude and meaning of the Episcopal Church. The Cathedral service was resented by many church people, but it is fair to say that it was a meeting not of the general convention, but of the church institute and for the purpose of raising funds chiefly. It was not foreseen that the colored congregations of New York would attend in such numbers. Most certainly the colored clergy should have been asked to take part as well as the colored choirs. For the other speakers it has been considered a good thing that the Southern bishops should by their public endorsement commit themselves to the high educational standards and democratic spirit of the church institute. Later, at a full meeting of the general convention, a joint session of both houses, Bishop Ferguson, of Liberia, and Archdeacon Russell spoke and both were voted additional time, although the white speakers, Bishop Brent and others, were cut short. I so much value your work and THE CRISIS that it would be a great disappointment did I think you would not come to recognize the contribution colored men and women are making to the life of the Episcopal Church as well as elsewhere in our country. Sincerely yours, HENRIETTA GARDINER, Lawrenceville, Va. CERTAINTY By LESLIE PINCKNEY HILL WHAT have I fathomed of life, What of its medley of strife, Sorrow and solace profound? What can we creatures of dust Stand upon, swear by and trust, What my unshakeable ground? This: that though evil be strong, Goodness prevaileth ere long However betrayed or beset; That lie his own spirit cloth smother, Who willeth the hurt of another; And this: that God liveth yet. (.Reproductions of this picture for sale by THE CRISIS) HIS MAJESTY, THE LATE MENELIK II., KING OF THE KINGS OF ETHIOPIA, EMPEROR OF ABYSSINIA, 1844-1913. MEN OF THE MONTh A MERCHANT. SI X years ago Charles Thompson, a colore d man of Sault Ste. Marie, Mich., opened a little one-chair boot-blacking stand on the corner of an alley, shining shoes and buying odd souvenirs from the Indians as they passed by. After a while he had purchased enough to place in a little old showcase, which he displayed in the window of a dilapidated frame building alongside of his shoe-shining stand. Daily increasing his purchases and sales, he at last gave up his shoe-shining stand, purchased a larger showcase and entered the frame building with an idea of doing business in souvenirs. His indefatigable effort and eager desire for better quarters to display his goods inspired the owner of the building to put up an $8,000 brick building, in which Mr. Thompson now has about a $5,000 stock of goods consisting of souvenirs, embroidery, notions and a rare line of agate goods. The needlework is done by Mrs. Thompson, who is an adept in sewing. CHARLES THOMPSON'S ART STOKE, SAULT SAINTE MARIE, MICH. MEN OF THE MONTH A YOUNG STUDENT. JOSEP H MALCOLM FAREIRA, of Germantown, leads his class in the boys' high school of Philadelphia. There are seventy white boys and one other colored boy in the class. Most of the white boys in the class come from Philadelphia and many are the sons of the best white people in the city. Fareira's leadership of these boys is pronounced and undisputed. In his language and mathematic tests he frequently made ME. J. M. FAREIRA. 100 per cent, and has always been exempt from examinations because of his perfect recitations. That he is popular as well as brilliant is attested by the fact that he was almost unanimously elected as president of the class, which is thought to be one of the most brilliant that the school has ever graduated. His suggestion for a memorial to leave the school was accepted and he himself drew the design. It is to be a star-shaped mat upon which will be mounted the pictures of the members of the class. So far as is known this young student, who is 17 years old, has no white blood in his veins, but is of a distinct Negro type, in color and features. His brilliancy cannot, therefore, be attributed to white blood, as is often done in the case of brainy Negroes. The name of Joseph Fareira has already been placed upon the list of "distinguished members" of the class, and he is a strong candidate for one of the high-school scholarships at the University of Pennsylvania. gg MENELIK. ' | ' HE Emperor of Abyssinia, who was stricken by paralysis several years ago and several times reported dead, died THE EMPEROR OF ABYSSINIA. December 18. He was born in 1844, and was the son of the Prince of Shoa, the southern of the four great provinces which make up the empire. He claimed an unbroken descent of nearly 3,000 years from Maqueda, Queen of Sheba. When the Emperor Theodore committed suicide in 1867 Menelik became King of Shoa, and in 1889 was proclaimed Emperor of Abyssinia. In 1893 he inflicted the crushing defeat of Adoa upon the Italians, leaving 7,000 of them dead on the field. His great Queen Taitou led one of the charges against the foe. Since then Abyssinia has been unmolested by Europeans. Menelik is succeeded by his grandson, Lidj Jeassu, a boy of 16. EDITORIAL 50,000. IN February, 1911, we asked for 10,000 subscribers and purchasers. We had them inside of two months. In April, 1911, we asked for 25,000 subscribers. We had them before January, 1913. We asked for complete financial independence and stated that this meant 50,000 subscribers and purchasers by January 1, 1915. We have 32,500 to-day. As a subscriber to THE CRISIS or a reader of its pages will you not send us one new subscriber this year and let us walk into the class of the larger magazines next Christmas? WORK FOR BLACK FOLK IN 1914. AmERICAN citizens of Negro descent and their friends have much to do in 1914, if they are to stem the rising tide of racial proscription. First—They must meet the new attack on property rights of colored people which, under the name of "segregation" and under the excuse of such equitable adjustment of social relations as to avoid "friction," is really a widespread attempt to prevent colored people from making good investments or living in decent homes. Its latest appearance is directed toward preventing Negroes from buying agricultural land, and against this last and most dangerous propaganda what honest American can withhold his influence and help? Second—The attack on property is the natural child of the refusal of the right to work to Negroes. The year 1914 should see a determined attempt to break down the rules and customs which bar black men from labor unions and discriminate against them in other ways in their attempt to earn a living. The worst examples of this are in the contract labor laws of the South which virtually legalize peonage in agriculture. All of the advance labor legislation in the South specifically excepts "agriculture and housework"! Third—We might wait for all-healing time and reason in these economic difficulties if education was all right. But education for Negroes is awry, and our work for 1914 is to begin to right it. Under the guise of introducing "industrial" training the colored city public school has, first, been differentiated from the white system; secondly, shortened in length so as to end at the sixth and seventh grades, while the white schools have usually ten and twelve grades; and, finally, it is now openly proposed to so change the character of grade work that even the lower-grade work will not be concentrated on reading, writing and ciphering, but will teach Negroes to work, which, as Supervisor Guy, of Charleston, thinks, is more important than their learning to read. Of course the majority of Negroes in the country districts have no decent school facilities at all and here, surely, is work for 1914. Fourth—The civil rights of Negroes need defense in 1914. The annoying and EDITORIAL illegal race discrimination in the civil service, in hotels, restaurants, theatres, churches and Young Men's Christian Associations must be squarely and frankly investigated and systematically opposed. Fifth—The robbery of the Negroes' political rights is the cause, and was intended to be the cause, of the invasion of the Negroes' civil, educational and economic rights. Disfranchisement for race or sex must go, and the work of 1914 is flatly and fearlessly to restore democratic government in the South and overthrow the oligarchy which rests on the worst rotten borough system known to the modern world in civilized States. Sixth—Finally, in 1914, the Negro must demand his social rights: His right to be treated as a gentleman when he acts like one, to marry any sane, grown person who wants to marry him, and to meet and eat with his friends without being accused of undue assumption or unworthy ambition. This is the black man's program for 1914, and the more difficult it looks the more need for following it courageously and unswervingly. It is not a radical p r o g r a m—it is conservative and reasonable. P. S.—The above statement was solicited by the Survey and accepted; then it was returned because the writer refused to omit number six! A LETTER. J NOTICE in this past issue a number of people who wrote you and some felt that you were rather in clined to be inflammatory in your denunciation of wrong. Now I think just the opposite. I think we have crushed truth and sub mitted to indignities so long that people in America think we do not know when we are mistreated or insulted; in fact, I have heard people say we are really too ignorant to know when we are imposed upon. Truth itself is harsh on the man or woman who must stand by conviction, and truth must dare the harsh thing in order to awaken conscience and sentiment. For my part,desire you, with all my heart, to continue to do as you have been doing, and if I had the means I would see to it that THE CRISIS went to thousands of people who need to read it in order to have their eyes opened. We are slumbering over and upon the tired, subdued wrongs and crushed lives of our people, and know not of their writhings and sorrows, all because we have kept still when we should have spoken out, and with me, free speech tempered, of course, with the best reason and coolest logic, is the only thing that will stir the citizens of America to do their duty. While I was East I was.in attendance upon the meeting of the Woman's Home Missionary Society of our church, the Methodist Episcopal, and I was successful in getting our ladies to register a protest against the recent law enacted in Florida. I felt that it was but right that the American people should know, as a great body of women representing one of the greatest protestant forces in America, that we registered our protest against such iniquities, and I send you under separate cover a copy of the same that you may know the stand we took, and I shall be very glad to hear from you, some time, to know your impression of it, and if it will do our cause any good I shall be glad for you to use it or any part of it or comment on it as you see fit in THE CRISIS. I am glad for the open letter you sent President Wilson. It was what we needed and I surely have not read anything better as an appeal in behalf of justice and right in a long time. I hope you will be strong and very courageous, for our cause is right and it must prevail. THE CRISIS THE SOUTH AND THE SADDLE. {"Should I become President of the United States, they (the colored people) may count on me for absolute fair dealing and for everything by which I could assist in advancing the interests of their race in the United States." ] THESE were Mr. Wilson's words October 16, 1912. Why has the President failed to keep them ? It is not because he did not mean them. He did mean what he said. But Mr. Wilson is seeking to keep his party intact for carrying through certain legislation. That party in Congress consists to-day of 290 Representatives and 51 Senators, against an opposition of 127 Representatives and 45 Senators. Moreover, the President's party of 341 includes 115 Senators and Representatives from former slave States. If these 115 members withdrew their support Mr. Wilson's party would be a minority of 226 votes against 287. For his policies, therefore, Mr. Wilson must have the solid South, and the solid South has but one political tenet: '' Down with Niggers !'' But how is it that the solid South is numerically so strong in Congress ? Because it represents not simply 16,000,000 white Southerners, but 8,000,000 disfranchised blacks. Thus the disfranchisement of blacks gives the Southern whites a club to beat them with. Not only that, but it gives the Southern whites an abnormal advantage over the Northern voters. This is easy to prove: In ten Southern States it took, in 1912, 1,110,034 votes to elect 94 Congressmen. In the rest of the United States it took 13,926,508 votes to elect 323 Congressmen. In other words, 43,116 ignorant and low-down Northerners and Westerners are necessary to elect a representative to Congress, but only 11,808 aristocratic and wise white Southerners are needed to seat a Negro hater in our highest legislature. No wonder the South is in the saddle when it wields four times the political power of the North! HETCH-HETCHY. \ HAT is the remedy for the unfair political preponderance of the South? Reduction of representation. This the Republicans have undertaken for representation in the national convention. We are glad of it. The only persons who benefited from full representation were the heelers of the lillywhite" movement in most Southern States, thanks to Mr. Taft. The next step will be to reduce the representation of the whole South, in order to release the West and the North from its intolerable political dictatorship. We wonder if in anticipation of Western disaffection the Hetch-Hetchy bill was signed? OSWALD GARRISON VILLARD. |R. VILLARD has been the chairman of the executive board of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People from the day of its founding until January 1, 1914. He took it when it was nothing but an idea and left it a nation-wide movement, with twenty-four branches and 3,000 members, out of debt, aggressive and full of faith. Mr. Villard now feels that some of his burden should be shared by others and therefore becomes treasurer and chairman of the finance committee, while Dr. Joel E. Spingarn succeeds him as chairman of the board of directors. Every colored man in America owes a debt to Mr. Villard. Others have shouted louder at the hustings and debated and theorized, but not a single worker for the new abolition has shouldered so much actual responsibility or done so much downright hard vrork or raised so much cash to pay our bills. The task has been hard—harder than many realize—and the cost for an overburdened man of affairs has been heavy. But the result will in the end pay for the effort. The Negro race owes a debt of deep gratitude to the grandson of William Lloyd Garrison. WE MOVE. &gt;IIE National Association for the Advancement of Colored People and T H E CRISIS will move into larger and more con venient quarters February 1. THE CRISIS was founded in one room of the Evening Post Building, 20 Vesey Street; it overflowed into two and three rooms, and finally moved with the association to larger quarters in the Evening Post Annex, 26 Vesey Street, in March, 1912. Here we have become so congested that we must move again. After February 1 the association will occupy a suite of four offices on the eleventh floor of the Educational Building, 70 Fifth Avenue, at the corner of 13th Street, and near Union Square. THE CRISIS will occupy a suite of six offices on the fifth floor of the same building. In the building are Ginn and Company, the well-known publishers, and the People's Institute. We shall welcome our friends and readers at all times. "I WAS SICK!" JACCOMPANIED a friend on a visit to Har lem Hospital this last Sunday. This friend is serving on a committee of the social-s e r v i c e bureau of some Jewish organization and her duty was to visit the sick in various hospitals and offer a word of comfort to the friendless, etc. I was particularly struck by the fact that very few of the colored patients in that hospital had friends—and we went during visiting hours when most of the patients had visitors. "Could not such a movement be started through the medium of THE CRISIS or other agency for the colored people—if such a movement is not already on foot? "Very truly yours, (Signed) "GERTRUDE CHRYSTAL." What on earth are the colored churches of New York doing 1 THE NEGRO AND THE LAND. 1ISFRANCHISE the Ne gro, give him an educa tion and full rights of work and property. This will settle the Negro problem." Such was the argument put forward in 1890 when Mississippi began the nullification of the United States Constitution. What has been the result? The Negro problem is not settled despite the fact that nine-tenths of the colored men, 21 years of age and over, have lost their votes in the Gulf States. Education has been restricted, cheapened and lowered in efficiency, and most Negro children of school age are out of school. Low wages and caste restrictions hamper the Negro worker and show little abatement. And the right to hold property? Even this is being openly attacked. In Southern and border cities a half dozen ordinances are making it difficult or impossible for Negroes to purchase city homes. But there is the rural South, the haven of refuge for all true black men, if they read the Gospel according to our best friends correctly. And yet listen to this, by Clarence Poe, of North Carolina, editor of the widely read Progressive Farmer: " I have received hundreds and hundreds of letters, representing fifteen States, endorsing the plan of race seg regation I advocated on this page, August 30. * * * "The law I advocated August 30, it will be remembered, was just this: 'Whenever the greater part of the land THE CRISIS acreage in any given district that may be laid off is owned by one race, a majority of the voters in such a district may say, if they wish, that in future no land shall be sold to a person of a different race; provided such action is approved or allowed (as being justified by considerations of the peace, protection and social life of the community) by a reviewing judge or board of county commissioners.' "Such a board, as I have said, could be used by any white community to keep itself white, but the Negro would almost never be able to use it to make a community wholly Negro. If you are in favor of such a plan and want to know more about it, send me a postal card or letter at once." "What is the reason of all this? This is the reason in North Carolina: Colored Farmers 1900 1910 Farms owned 17,520 21,443 Land in farms owned 965,452 1,197,496 Per cent, of improved land 40.9 42.8 Value of property owned. 8,828,581 27,448,410 Value of land 5,351,290 17,063,588 Increase of value of all farm property, 1900-1910, 130 per cent.; of land and build ings, 134 per cent. This is the reason in the United States: Value of farm property farmed by colored Value of farm property owned by colored farmers '. Value land of owners Value buildings of owners Value implements of owners Value live stock of owners Here we are then: Advance toward property and independent farm ownership and a movement among our "best friends" to stop it. We confess to some bewilderment in this development, and we are waiting for enlightenment from those wise statesmen who have been volubly leading us out of the wilderness in these last ten years. MIGRATION. HE Oklahoma movement for migration to Africa is a poorly conceived idea and we warn our readers against it. Migration to-day is ' a serious matter and should be planned and financed on a large scale. It is foolish for individuals with small sums of money and no knowledge of the country to go to Africa. Africa needs capital, not labor; it needs technical knowledge and executive ability and not small farmers. Ordinary inexperienced farmers and laborers migrating from America to Africa would succumb to the trying climate in very short time. Let the migration idea stop at present. Fight out the battle in Oklahoma and protect the masses against the charlatan who is stealing their money. There is no steamship in New York building for the African trade and owned by Negroes, and the alleged African chief traveling in Oklahoma is nothing but a common cheat who belongs in jail. Increase Increase for 1900 1910 farmers $546,723,508 1,279,234,245 179,796,639 440,922,439  102,022,601 277,391,441  28,662,167 69,354,013  8,352,975 15,852,814  40,758,896 78,324,171 Per Cent, whites 134 99.6 145.2 93.2 171.9 109.2 142 74.1 89.8 69 92.2 59.1 RESISTANCE. HE Hindus in Natal and the Chinese in Panama are resisting white oppression. It is a good sign, not simply for colored folk, but for white folk. Bad as oppression is for the oppressed, it is worse for the oppressor. For the sake of both it should cease. THE ANNUAL MEETING OF THE national association for the advancement of colored people JOEL E. SPINGARN, CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS. ANNUAL MEETING. THE annual meeting of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, held in the Charities Auditorium, New York, on January 5, was well attended and was a distinct success. Among those present were Mrs. Henry Villard, Miss Lillian D. Wald, President Henry C. King, of Oberlin, Mrs. Max Morgenthau, Jr., Dr. Charles E. Bentley, Mrs. Florence Kelley, Mr. Butler R. Wilson, Mr. Archibald H. Grimke, Dr. P. N. Cardoza, Mr. Ray Stannard Baker, Mrs. Robert M. La Pollette and many others. At the business session in the afternoon reports of officers and committees were read. The report of the chairman of the board showed an increase in the income and membership of the association of over 10 0 per cent., and a most encouraging record of accomplishments. THE CRISIS, with its circulation of 32,000, reaches 150,000 readers. This report will be printed in full. REPORTS OF BRANCHES. " MoST interesting were the reports ofbranches, which lack of space prevents our giving in detail here. They will be printed in full in the annual report of the association. Dr. Cardoza, in a few telling words, described the splendid work of the Baltimore branch, dwelling upon the work of legal redress. Twice the branch, co-operating with national headquarters, has won its ease against the segregation ordinance, and now it looks as if this might be carried up to the Supreme Court of the United States. The branch has invited the association to hold its conference in Baltimore in the spring, and is now laying the groundwork for this. Mr. Butler R. Wilson, the able secretary of the Boston branch, gave a most interesting account of its organization and various activities. They have handled several cases of discrimination most successfully and their work of legal redress is rapidly developing in importance. During the year, in addition to the support of their own special activities, the Boston branch sent to national headquarters almost $2,000. Dr. Charles E. Bentley, from Chicago, gave a graphic description of the fight the branch waged last year against the flood of hostile legislation which followed the Jack Johnson episode. No less than three anti-intermarriage bills, one "Jim Crow" bill and a full-crew bill, which would have deprived colored porters in Illinois of their positions, were smothered in committee through the activities of the branch. Many new members have been added during the year and the branch has most ambitious plans for developing its work in the future. No one at the meeting so eloquently expressed the real spirit of the association's work as Mr. Archibald H. Grimke, under whose brilliant leadership the Washington branch has become a powerful, cohesive body and a great source of strength to our organization. Mr. Grimke had the complete attention of his audience, which was profoundly touched by his appeal for the necessity of unity of effort and the laying-aside of all personal .differences. He said in part: "We in Washington have had to work definitely to arouse the colored people themselves to their danger, to make them feel it through and through, and at the same time to make them willing to make sacrifices for the cause. Of course, those who know anything about Washington know that it is rather a difficult proposition to tackle. Washington is broken up into all sorts of factions. "Segregation was the thing that did the work for us. The people became aroused and began to look around for the instrument that could help them. We took great pains to point out that there was only one instrument in fact (and I mean no disparagement to other organizations), but there is only one organization in this country that can do this work, and that is the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People. There is no use to divide ourselves among a lot of little things, small organizations, some of them really organizations on paper only and, like the Haitian arm}', composed entirely of colonels and generals. Now, we have the machinery; we have the organization; and I called the attention of our Washington people to the fact that it is of the utmost importance that we assist such an organization in its work. "One reason why I am interested in this effort, why I am willing to devote the remainder of my life to it, is that we are preparing a machine that will be useful THE ANNUAL MEETING 193 fifty years after we are dead. Mr. Villard is doing it, Mr. Spingarn is doing it, Miss Nerney is doing it, Mr. Russell is doing it. They are all preparing a great machine. W e in Washington must help; also the people in Boston. We must help to prepare the machine that can be used when the great leader comes upon the platform. He may not come for a generation, but let us prepare the machine, so that when he does come he will not have to use his powers to invent one. And it is my belief that that leader is going to be a colored man. We have not the colored man now, for he must be a colored man with a great brain and a great heart who can take in all the little differences among us and can reconcile them. W e must shake this country by agitation. We have that firmly fixed in our minds in Washington. What we must do is not only to talk, for talk is really cheap. All of us are willing to say what we will do, what we will sacrifice, but we want the proof of what you will do. I said to the Washington people: " 'Have you any wrongs? Are you willing to let white people do more for you than you are willing to do for yourselves? Are you going to let the people in New York do your work for you and you not make any sacrifices? You must show these people that you are willing to make sacrifices— sacrifices of speech, sacrifices of action, sac rifices of money. You must give.' "They have done this. It is a perfectly wonderful piece of revival in Washington. I never believed that the thing could be done, but it has been done in Washington. School teachers whom you would not believe cared for anything but pleasure, society women, young men, have given themselves up, and I can scarcely speak of it without being touched almost to tears. It has been a tre mendous revelation. "If we could only get the colored people to understand that they must make sacrifices just as the white people make sacrifices, and as the anti-slavery people did. Let us never hear of drawing the color line in this association. What we care for is not whether a man or a woman is white or colored, but is that man or that woman the best person to do a certain piece of work. Without any regard to color, the right person must be put to work and you and I must back him up if we mean to get effective action. To put up somebody against somebody else simply because he is colored would be a fatal mistake and would make this association an ineffective association. "What are these white people here for? We are brothers and sisters, and as brothers and sisters we must use each other to the best advantage. This association is the one organization dedicated to our freedom and we must do all in our power to make it stronger and stronger. "This is the spirit we have carried into the Washington branch. From Washington we have sent to headquarters since October 27 something like $2,500, raised by the colored people for this work. We have made no effort to reach the white people. Our effort was to reach 100,000 colored people. The work that has gone on is wonderful. A regular bureau of speakers has been organized. They have gone from church to church, from society to society, from secret lodge to secret lodge, sometimes speaking two or three times in a day and at night, until at last they have reached everyone and everyone was willing to give something. "This committee was organized after the great meeting of the 27th of October. We were not able to raise much money that night. A committee of 250 and more was organized, and each person was pledged to give either out of his own pocket or to raise in some way $25. They have done this and some have raised a great deal more. We have gotten our collections from the churches, from the lodges and from individuals. We have gotten Washington ready to give and Washington has given. "It was suggested that we have a paid secretary in Washington, but I discouraged this. I said that with headquarters in New York we cannot afford to spend any money in Washington, but send every cent to New York. We sent every cent that we raised except our expenses—even the membership fees, of which we had a right to keep one-half—and we expect to send within a few days $500 more, hoping at last to reach the $3,000 mark. It is not so much the giving of which we are proud, but it is the disposition of the colored people. They are finally becoming aroused. "If I could have a word to say to our other branches, I would say to them that all moneys ought to be sent to headquarters. In some way we must make this association self-sustaining, and if the colored people themselves could do it, it would be an THE CRISIS immense advantage to us. This is our chance. We will never have another. If this association dies we will never have another body of white people who will come together as these white men and women have come together and espouse our cause—and I am speaking, as it were, over the possible grave of the liberty of the colored people in this country. Do not trifle with your opportunity. You are in a great crisis. The spirit which we need, the spirit which we must have, is that we must not only be willing to do, but we must be willing to give. "The colored people seem to love more dearly their money than their lives. We must teach them to give; teach them to dare; teach them their strength. When we have done that, and have buried all our little differences, when we forget that we are white and that we are colored in this organization, when we are simply men and women, brothers and sisters in the most glorious cause in this country, then we have done what the old anti-slavery people did: We have set a torch, we have lighted it, we have applied it to the republic, and all the wickedness, all the wrong, will be finally burnt out of it, if it takes fifty or seventy-five years." BOARD OF DIRECTORS. r TT HE following directors, whose terms expire in 1917, were elected: Miss Jane Addams, Chicago; Mr. Elbridge L. Adams, New York; Dr. C. E. Bentley, Chicago; Rev. Hutchins C. Bishop, New York; Rev. W. H. Brooks, New York; Dr. W. E. B. Du Bois, New York; Mrs. Florence Kelley, New York; Miss Mary White Ovington, Brooklyn; Mr. Charles Edward Russell, New York; Mr. John G. Underhill, New York. OFFICERS. At the board meeting, held immediately after the business session, the following officers were elected: National president, Mr. Moorfield Storey, Boston; vice-presidents, Rev. John Haynes Holmes, New York; Mr. John E. Milholland, New York; Mr. Archibald H. Grimke, Washington; Rev. Garnett R. Waller, Baltimore; Miss Mary White Ovington, Brooklyn; chairman of the board of directors, Dr. Joel E. Spingarn; director of publicity and research, Dr. W. E. B. Du Bois; treasurer, Mr. Oswald Garrison Villard; attorney, Mr. Chapin Brinsmade; secretary, Miss May Childs Nerney. PUBLIC SESSION. The speakers at the public session in the evening, which was devoted to the subject of segregation, were Mrs. Robert M. La Follette, Dr. W. E. B. Du Bois and Mr. Charles Edward Russell. Mr. Villard presided. Mr. Russell's address, delivered with his customary eloquence, was warmly applauded. His picture of the discomforts and indignities which colored people suffer in "Jim Crow" ears was one never to be forgotten. His comment on the rumor that the government has reversed its policy of segregation, "I think I know a political side step when I see it," drew smiles from his audience who listened with profound attention when he went on to show the significant relation of the ballot to the present condition of the colored people and the power they could even now wield in the pivotal States if they would present a united front. Mrs. La Follette was enthusiastically greeted. She spoke with deep feeling and conviction on the condition of the colored people in the District of Columbia, telling of her long residence among them there. She condemned segregation in the most unqualified terms, saying that segregation in street cars, in government departments and in other public places would be a national disgrace. "Riding in street cars is not a social privilege. If you ride in your own conveyance you can invite whom you please to ride with you. On a public car all lines of distinction and caste must be disregarded. The United States Government stands back of the civil service. Whatever is done there has the stamp of government approval. There are over 11,000 colored employees working for the United States Government, more than half of them in Washington. They have competed with white people for their positions and are justly proud of the success they have achieved. This spirit, according to every ethical principle, should be encouraged by the United States, and it is a shame that a government should put its stamp of approval upon such unjust measures against a struggling people." Resolutions of protest were wired from the meeting to the President and to the Secretary of the Treasury. OUR STANDARD FOR 1914. ' I ' HE board of directors and officers wish to express for the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People their heartfelt gratitude and appreciation to the committee of fifty and more, which has been working under the auspices of the District of Columbia branch. Through their efforts we have been able to clear a debt of over $1,000, and now have a balance in bank. This is entirely the work of the colored people. Since October 27 they have sent almost $2,500 to the National Association, and the District of Columbia .branch has the honor of being the first branch to subscribe $100 for the salary of the attorney. A com parison of this year's membership with last MES. EOBEET year's for the period covering from October to January shows an increase of nearly 700 per cent. These figures indicate that the branch is surely reaching the people. What this means in work those who have not lived in Washington cannot understand. Personal differences* have been laid aside. Great sacrifices of time and money have been made. People who had already worked almost to the limit of their physical endur ance have added the strain of night hours, speaking, organizing, campaigning ceaselessly, and with what glorious results. To have aroused this spirit in the city of Washington is nothing short of a miracle, for almost every man employed by the government or by the schools risks his position when he stands on our militant platform. Even more than the substantial fruits of their work do we appreciate this wonderful spirit which has animated it and which is an inspiration not only to us in New York, but also to all our M. LA FOLLETTE. branches. They have set a high standard. May we all live up to it. We regard their work as by far the greatest achievement of the past year. What we need now is similar effort in all great centers of Negro population. THE HOODOO By MARTHA GRUENING WHEN I dropped into Bobby's room that evening for a quiet chat I was annoyed to find James Herrick there. I had never quite approved Bobby's enthusiastic friendship for him, though I suppose the boy's pride in his intimacy with an author and a man ten years his senior is natural enough. If my nephew had shown any sign of realizing my annoyance, had contrived to hint that he, too, deplored Herrick's presence on this occasion, I might have minded less, but his delight in it was only too apparent. "Oh, come in," he greeted me radiantly. "Jimmy's here, spinning yarns. I hated to have you miss it." Bobby and I have a very solid esteem for one another, but Herrick is the romantic creature who has captured his imagination. I found the latter seated in the big armchair before the fire, with three or four of Bob's young friends, Dane and Carrington, THE CRISIS and some I didn't know, grouped around kim. There was something irritatingly school-boyish and hero worshiping in their attitude. Bobby's somewhat perfunctory introductions were soon over and he turned his shining face back to his friend. "Go on, Jimmy," he urged, "your impossible one—you promised." And then the slight stir made by my entrance subsided and Herrick's soft Southern voice and the occasional snapping of a log were the only sounds in the room. "It's about a man I knew—a friend of mine," Herrick said slowly, "and the reason I call it impossible, and that some of you will find it hard to believe, is that all his life he seemed to suffer from a kind of hoodoo— bad luck—whatever you like to call it. It's the kind of thing one scoffs at if it's offered as an excuse for failure, but I knew him and know that it was true. "I knew him for fifteen years—eager, busy, striving years that were full of work and hope and dreams and just as full of disappointment and failure and crushing humiliation. There's nothing so strange in that, perhaps—the queer thing about it was that he had all the qualities that make for success. When I knew him he was young and strong, he had talent and perseverance; just the sort of fellow you'd say would succeed. Yet he never did and never could for no reason but that fatal curse which hung over him, of which he was aware, but which even he never fully understood. Perhaps none of us knew the strength of that curse until too late. There are some people born within a shadow, it seems, and those who stand outside of it can stretch out their arms to them, hut can't ever lift it or reach beyond it, except sometimes like this, when it is too late." Herrick seemed lost in thought for a moment and little Dane shuddered with ecstatic sympathy. The other boys sat very still, their rapt young faces toward him. There is a kind of spell about Herrick, especially that voice of his. "He was ten or twelve years younger than I," Herrick went on, "and his name was Edgar Lewis. I knew him first as a merry little chap of 5 or 6. He had the usual poor but honest parents, and the more honest they were the poorer they remained; or maybe 'twas the other way round. They were our nearest neighbors, living about a mile down the road. I don't really know much about the elder Lewises, for Edgar was an orphan when I first began to notice him, but I always suspected that he'd inherited his hoodoo. I do know that next to Edgar his father, Tom Lewis, was about as unlucky a man as I ever knew. "He was a farmer, but he didn't have the shiftlessness that is so common in our part of the world, and though he wasn't a Yankee, he was thrifty. The harder he worked, however, the worse luck he seemed to have, and though he was inoffensive enough, he had enemies—and bitter ones. So his crops were burned and his mule poisoned and, finally, one night (you've heard of feuds in Kentucky—well, we have them in Alabama, too)—one night a gang of feudists, let us call them, descended on his shack. They called him to the door and shot him down in cold blood and then—I hate to tell you this—they went in and had their way with his wife and daughter. There were about a dozen of them, but no one ever saw their faces, though the poor half-crazed daughter, who managed to escape after they killed her mother, swore that she knew their voices. But, of course, no one paid any attention to what she said and, fortunately, she died soon after. "This happened when Edgar was 6, and I suppose that his escape was the first example of his hideous luck. His mother had hidden him under a quilt in the wood-box and told him to lie still and not cry, no matter what happened, till she or his sister called him. So he lay there trembling all over, but not daring to cry, although he heard her screaming and struggling. He listened very carefully to see whether she wouldn't call 'Edgar' or 'sonny,' but she didn't. For hours he lay under the stuffy quilt, and at last he did cry, but very quietly, the tears just rolling down his nose and cheeks and onto his neck and making him so wet and uncomfortable that he couldn't stay there any longer. He thought his mother must have forgotten to call him, anyway, so he crawled out of the woodbox into the blazing daylight—and you can imagine what he saw. "How much he knew, how much he understood, how much of it became clear in after years and mingled with his recollectionsdo not know. I only know that he ran screaming and sobbing until he came to our house. I remember his bursting into the dining room where I sat with my mother, and how we tried to soothe him and disentangle his story from the incoherent sobbing torrent of his words and our sudden sickening realization of what it meant. "Of course the county should have cared for. Edgar, but the county had its hands and all its institutions full. There were plenty of earlier victims of feuds and other untoward happenings and, besides, there are plenty of chances for a boy to take care of himself in a community like ours. At first he stayed with us a bit, the servants caring for him, but soon they tired of it and so, at 7, Edgar was thrown on his own resources. He worked sometimes in the fields and sometimes ran errands or did odd jobs in the houses of the wealthier people in our town, but chiefly he worked outdoors. He ate the food that was given him, cold cornbread and the like—this was wages, you understand—and slept wherever he could find a place to sleep. "But his hoodoo never slept. It was strange the way the boy, who was the friendliest soul in the world, made enemies. He was the shyest, gentlest, most willing creature imaginable, though he had in him some of the proudest blood of the South; soft spoken and diffident and yet with a kind of eager hopefulness of which his experience never robbed him, and it was strange the way people were always mistaking it for insolence and punishing him. The farmers he worked for said they'd 'take it out of him,' and I suppose they did. It was strange, too, that his history left people untouched. Of course feuds engender bitter feelings, and yet it does seem odd that in all these years I never heard a word of pity for him, except from my mother, perhaps, or our old cook, Mandy. "I can't help wondering sometimes at the frenzy of cruelty the very sight of him used to evoke in people—and decent, harmless enough people, too, at least at other times. How deeply all this unfriendliness wounded Edgar I didn't know until long afterward. I went away to college and abroad and came back to find him grown into his early teens, a rather awkward boy, still shy and secretly friendly and easily, so very easily, touched by a little kindness. There was nothing merry about him now, but at the back of his dark, soft eyes there was still that same wistful hopefulness. If he still had hope he had to a certain extent lost confidence, however. When you spoke to him he seemed to expect an insult or even a blow and if you passed him on the street he shrank aside witli timid haste. In those days ho had already pondered much, but always secretly, over the fate that kept him from the things that were easily within the reach of others and especially on the meaning of that night of terror and the red dawn, which were almost his earliest recollections. "He had gone to school three or four months a year and learned to read and write very slowly and painstakingly, chiefly, I suppose, because this was the only way in which his teacher could read and write. Here for the first time in his life he found some sort of companionship and happiness. Indeed it almost seemed as though his hoodoo had forgotten him, for in the little rural school he found that he liked to draw pictures with chalk on the blackboard and with pencil on paper, and the discovery elated him. He used to fill his pockets with chalk and walk along trying to make pictures on every rock and fence and telegraph pole he saw—that is, until his hoodoo awoke and some one came to drive him away. He had always been a dreamy boy and this had frequently gotten him into trouble with those for whom he worked, but now he was in trouble all the time, for his life was all dreams and any work except picture making he looked on as a brief and necessary evil. "Somehow or other it had filtered to his knowledge that in the outside world people went to school longer and that picture making was one of the things they learned, and one day he disappeared and was never seen in town again. Afterward we heard that he had tramped, barefoot, for two days and nights through woods and swamps until he turned up, half starved and utterly exhausted, at the door of file great industrial institute of a neighboring State. He had come, he said, because he wanted to learn. He was disappointed at not being allowed to learn more about pictures, but he was taught lo read and write and figure better than ever before. He learned something of geography and history, too, and was given a real room with a*bed in it, and his first whole suit of clothes. In return for all this he did a good deal of work of various kinds, and in the course of two or three years learned a trade—masonry or plastering, I forget which. He used to wish that they would let him draw, but somehow none seemed to care whether he drew or not. He had heard of a boy in our town who had gone to a Northern city and then abroad to study picture making and this puzzled him, but he decided that he had come to the wrong kind of school and must find the right one. So when the institute turned him out with a certificate and a trade, the big Northern city was his goal and there it was I found him again. "Edgar's hoodoo was a faithful kind. I don't believe it ever really let up on him. When you believed it had, it had a way of cropping up and fooling you, but the nearest it ever came to it was during those first weeks Edgar spent in the city. He found work at his trade and it brought him returns that seemed to him almost miraculous, and he found pictures, the first he had ever seen, and people who didn't seem to hate him. This was perhaps the greatest wonder of all to him. "At first he spent his evenings in the museum, but when I ran across him he was going to art school. When he was really hungry he worked at his trade during the day, but when he was only moderately hungry he preferred to spend all his time painting. This sometimes brought the wrath of foremen down upon his head, but his head was much too full of painting to mind. For the first time in his life he was actually handling colors and the joy of it almost intoxicated him. "In this way things went on for some months and I believe Edgar was blissfully happy. Then one day a philanthropist offered a prize—a European scholarship— for the best picture painted by a student in one of the city's schools. I was seeing a good deal of Edgar in those days, and when he showed me the announcement the same thought leaped up in both our minds, only in mine it took the shape, 'Could Edgar?' while in his eyes I read 'I can,' and looking at him I suddenly experienced the old heathen instinct, the superstitious desire to placate the Gods because mortals are too bold or too successful. If only Edgar weren't so confident, I thought, and my mind reverted apprehensively t o the hoodoo, but Edgar seemed to have forgotten it. "There isn't much more to tell. For six months Edgar lived and worked and dreamed only for the prize. It kept him from seeing things in his life which even I could see; the old distrust and dislike coming out in people who had seemed friendly or indifferent, the resentment and jealousy of some of his fellow students—all those hideous human qualities which this sweet-souled creature seemed destined to bring out in others and their more hideous results. But Edgar, who had always seen and buried what he saw in the silent depths of his heart, for once saw nothing; or rather he saw just one thing—the picture he was painting as it would be when finished. It was a scene from home, a field he had worked in as a boy, with a distant prospect of misty hills and one or two toiling figures in the foreground. "Then one morning I read in the paper that the prize had been awarded. The scholarship, it said, had been won by Edgar Lewis for bis picture 'Winter in Alabama.' The award, the account went on to say, was strictly for merit. The contestants had submitted no names, merely numbers, and their work had been passed on by three of the nation's greatest painters. As I read, a great sense of relief surged over me. Perhaps, after all, the hoodoo was dead. I could hardly wait to see Edgar. I ran to his room, but could not find him. I waited a long time and finally left a note asking him to hurry to my lodging. "I waited all day and in spite of myself something like fear began to stir in my heart. That old superstition which I despised even while it haunted me was like a ghost that wouldn't be laid. Then, very late, Edgar came. "At first he couldn't speak, but long before he could his face had told me all I needed to know. After a long while, between convulsive gasps that shook all his strong young body, he tried to tell me of his meeting with the prize trustees. How it had been like 'down home;' how, somehow, the hoodoo had sprung up again. How he had won—he was sure he had won, he was dreadfully afraid of my making a mistake on that point, for it was his number and his picture, but when they had seen him they'd said it was a mistake, and they were sorry—perhaps another time. * * * They were polite to him, he managed to say between gasps, but they'd said—they'd said—and then he broke down and clung to me, shaking. "I don't think I ever felt the bitterness of life as I felt it that night. For the first time I had personally come up against what I've called the shadow in which some of us are doomed to live and the tragic helplessness of those who stand by, whether they try to lift it or not. I wanted so to help him, to give him some comfort, but there are thing's for which there is no help. "He left me at last, although I begged him to spend the night, and went, reeling a little, down the street. It was the last time ever saw him. What happened after that I only guess; but his hoodoo was not napping now and as far as I know it was this: That in an alley near his home, as he was stumbling blindly toward it, he ran heavily into a woman—a girl—who was frightened and screamed. Edgar never knew what happened to him, I suppose, and if he had he couldn't have explained. The hoodoo wouldn't have let him. ''I found him next morning in the morgue with the mark of virtuous citizens' boot heels on his face." Herrick's gentle voice ceased suddenly. There was a silence and then a long sigh as denly. "What was the hoodoo1? Didn't you ever find out?" I he boys eased the tension of their positions. "But—but—whyf" Dane stammered sud "But it is impossible," Bobby objected. "How could that happen to someone you knew? You said he was a friend of yours." "Things like that can't happen without some reason—not in America," added another boy. By all the canons of his art, Herrick's supreme moment had arrived. Were we not waiting breathlessly, obviously mystified? But he hardly seemed conscious of his triumph, and in the fitful firelight his face looked suddenly old and tired. After a moment's silence he turned to the last speaker: "Oh, there was a reason—Edgar was a Negro—in America," he said quietly. THE BURDEN COLORED MEN AND WOMEN LYNCHED WITHOUT TRIAL. 1885 7S 1900 107 1886 71 1901 107 1887. 80 1902 86 1888. ' 95 1903 86 1889. 95 1904 83 1890. 90 1905 61 1891. 121 1906 64 1892. 155 1907 60 1893. 154 1908 93 1894. 134 1909 73 1895. 112 1910 65 1S96. 80 1911 63 1897. 122 1912 63 1898. 102 1913 79 1899. 84 Total 2,662 REPORTED is JANUARY, 5. Salem. Ala.—Carson; no offense named. Paris, Tex.—Henry Mouzon; murder. Drew, Miss.—Man; party to a murder. Wagoner County, Okla.—Man; rape. Fulbright, Tex.—Richard Stanley; rape. REPORTED IN FEBRUARY, 7. Houston, Miss.—Andrew Williams; murder. "David Rucker; same crime, "by mistake." Drew, Miss.—Willis Webb; murder. Marshall, Tex.—Anderson ; murder. Elysian Fields, Tex.—Two men; horse stealing. "Barney, Ga.—George McDonald ; disorderly conduct. REPORTED IN MARCH, 7 (S?) Cordelia, Ga.—Two men ; murder. "Lyrtis, La.—Preacher; debt of $10. 'Manning, S. C.—Boy; assault on a white man. "Andalusia, Ala.—James Green: shooting a white woman. Union City, Tenn.—John Gregson; murder. "West Point, Miss.—Henry Brown; attempted murder. *Clay City, Ky.—Man; murder (?) . REPORTED IN APRIL, 8. Mondak, Mont.—J. C. Collins; murder. "Issaquena, Miss.—Man; murder. "Albany, Ga.—Man; no apparent reason. "Kosciusko, Miss.—Man; assault upon white woman. Marshall, Tex.—Man; assault upon a white woman. "Hickory, Miss.—Man; assault upon white man. THE CRISIS *Pensacola, Fla.—Man; assault upon white man. "Springfield, Miss.—Man; assault upon white man. REPORTED IN MAT, 2. 'Appling, Ga.—J. H. Moore; firing a pistol and creating a disturbance. Hogansville,	 Ga.—Samuel 0 w e n s b y ; murder. REPORTED IN JUNE, 7. *Harlem, Ga.—Man; drunkenness. Newton, Tex.—Richard Galloway, attacking a party of white men. Anadarko, Okla.—Dennis Simmon s ; murder. Hot Springs, Ark.—William Norman ; rape and murder. Beaumont, Tex.—Man; murderous assault. Americus, Ga.—William Redding, shooting an officer. Lambert, Miss.—William Robin s o n ; murder. REPORTED IN JULY, 9. Yellow River, Fla.—Roscoe Smith; killing a sheriff. Bonifay, Fla.—Man; rape. *Reuben, Miss.—Man ; murder. Milton,	 Fla.—Unknown ; rape. Blountsville, Fla.— Tempers; assisting a criminal to escape. Dunbar, Ga.—John Shake; wounding a white man. *Germantown, Ivy.—Two men; no apparent reason. 'Haines City, Fla.—Samueltempted rape.  While, atREPORTED IN AUGUST. 10. Laurens, S. C.—Richardtempted rape.  Puckett, at Ardmore, Okla.—Franklin and Ralston; murder in disputes. Lexington,	 Mo.—George Winkfield; murder and rape. Kilgore, Ala.—Unknown; no apparent reason. Morgan, Ga.—Robert Lovett; murder. Birmingham,	 Ala.—Wilson Gardner, halfwitted ; frightening women and children. Charlotte, N. C.—Joseph McNeely; shoot ing an officer. Greenville, Ga.—Virgil Swanson; murder. Jennings, La.—James Comeaux; attacking an Italian merchant. REPORTED IN SEPTEMBER, 10. Little Rock, Ark.—Lee Simms; rape. Tamma, 111.—Two unknown men; mur derous assault. Franklin, Tex.—William Davis; murder. Louisville, Miss.—Henry Crosby; asking a woman if her husband was at home. Litchfield, Ky.—Joseph Richardson ; rape. Harriston, Miss.—Walter and W i 11 i a m Jones; murder. "Akron, 0.—Man; as a "last warning" to leave the neighborhood. *Bartow, Fla.—Man; assaulting a white woman. REPORTED IN OCTOBER, 3. Hinchcliff, Miss.—Walter Brownloe; attempted rape (proved innocent). Monroe, La.—Warren Eaton; insulting a white woman. Cairo, 111.—Man; dispute with a merchant. REPORTED IN NOVEMBER, 6. Wewoka, Okla.—John Cudjo; murder. Dyersburg, Tenn.—John Talley; attempted rape. sllazlehurst, Miss.—Wilson Evans; attacking a white girl. *Ocala, Fla.—Man found hanging from a tree; no facts known. Madison,	 La.—Man; assaulting a white girl. 'Walton,	 Ga.—General Boyd; attempted rape. REPORTED IX DECEMBER, 4. Blanchard, La.—E a r n e s t and Frank Williams; murder. "Haleburg, Ala.—Unknown; attempted rape. 'Tunica, Miss.—Albert Coopwood; murder. Campville,	 Fla.—Henry White; found in a white person's house. Total, 79 ; possibly 80. For alleged attacks or attempted attacks on women, 19, or 24 per cent. *Lynchings not reported hy the Chicago Tribune, which is supposed to publish an accurate summary. A Little Pile of Books and. Pamphlets HROUGH the patronage of Mrs. E. H. Harriman a study of heredity in the skin color in persons of white and Negro blood has been made by Charles B. Davenport, the well-known authority on eugenics. The pamphlet of 106 pages with plates has been published by the Carnegie Institution of Washington. The studies are based principally on measurements in Bermuda and Jamaica and acknowledgment is made "of the courtesy with which our field worker was everywhere received" by the courteous race! The results of the study go far to sweep away two ancient lies: one that white folk may have a black child on account of a black ancestor several generations away and another that mulattoes are infertile. The study says: "This brings us to a matter of great social moment to hundreds of our citizens, namely, the possibility of a reversion in the offspring of a white-skinned descendant of a Negro to the brown skin color. There is even a current opinion that such an extracted white, married to a pure-bred white, may have a 'black' child. This tradition has been used to create dramatic situations in novels and in newspaper 'stories'; and the dread of this tradition hangs over many a marriage that might otherwise be quite happy. In our studies no clear case of this sort has been found, and our fundamental hypothesis leads us not to expect it." And again: "At Jamaica I asked several highly intelligent colored and white natives if they knew of cases of 'reversion' to black skin color. All replies agreed in holding the idea mythical. It was thought to have arisen from the fact that two very light-colored persons might be the parents of a medium-colored child." As to the fecundity of mulattoes, the report says: "This matter has been considered recently by Eisher, who finds that the number and vigor of the hybrids of the Boers and Hottentots has not suffered any decline. There is no support in our data for the notion of lack of fecundity of Negro-white crosses, nor of their deficient viability." The pamphlet is tolerably free from insulting terms and insinuations if we except some nasty allusions from Louisiana on page 106. One conclusion is, however, characteristic of American science: "Recognizing the inadequacy of the average black African Negro to play a part in our highly developed society, a natural stigma has become attached to black skin color. Our social distinctions are based on that skin color; we have separate railway cars and schools for 'blacks' and 'whites.' Meanwhile, in consequence of hybridization and segregation of characters, we have black-skinned persons with straight hair, narrow noses and, as is well known, with many or all the inhibitions and educability of the Caucasians. And, also (and this is of great and increasing moment), we have white-skinned persons not only with Negroid features, but with that lack of inhibitors, that absence of educability, that characterizes the typical west coast African. From a social point of view one may suggest that it had been better for society had it been possible to find some simple criterion of mental inferiority that is as conspicuous as skin color. Then we could have separate cars and schools for the feeble minded without regard to skin color." As a matter of fact there is not the slightest scientific warrant for the suggestion that the typical west coast African is incapable of education, and this Mr. Davenport knows or ought to know. Mr. W. P. Dabney, of Cincinnati, collected some data on this subject while fighting the bill against race intermarriage before the Ohio legislature. His pamphlet of fourteen pages, called "The Wolf and the Lamb," is not scientific, but has some interesting comment and pictures. Two other pamphlets by Dr. Louis P. Moore, of Howard, and the Hon. Archibald H. Grimke lie before us. Moore's pamphlet might be used as supplementary reading in schools as a review of Negro progress. Grimke's pamphlet, THE CRISIS "The Ballotless Victim of One-party Governments," is an excellent argument to show the inevitable results of disfranchisement. When anyone argues that political rights are not necessary to race advance, send him these eighteen pages of reason. The pamphlet forms occasional paper No. 16 of the publications of the American Negro Academy. M The volume of the American Academy of Political and Social Science, entitled "The Negroes' Progress in Fifty Years," is on the whole a creditable publication. Its twenty-four contributors include eleven colored men, six Northern white men and seven Southern white men. The little monographs are grouped in four parts; one dealing with general statistics, one with business and labor, one with social conditions and the last with educational and cultural conditions. The statistical part presents well-known figures. Kelly Miller writes of professional and skilled occupations and R. P. Wright of unskilled labor. Dr. Wright's paper is especially interesting, and emphasizes the fact that during the last fifty years 1. The race, then largely unskilled, has developed more than a million semi-skilled and skilled workers, business and professional men and women. 2. The standard of the unskilled worker has been raised. 3. The unskilled worker has adapted himself to a system of wages as against the system of slavery. 4. The average of intelligence of unskilled labor has been gTeatly increased. 5. Unskilled labor has become more reliable. 6. Negro labor has survived the competition of the immigrant. 7. The unskilled Negro laborer has migrated largely to the large cities. S. Unskilled labor has to a large extent been the foundation on which Negro businesses, the Negro church and the Negro secret society have grown up. T. C. Walker's paper deals with the Stale of Virginia and his own county, where Negroes have made such phenomenal advance in land holding. James B. Clarke brings us the unusual point of view of the foreign-born colored man and concludes with this sentence: "When the center of American interests is transferred from considerations of race to the recognition of those surer standards of birth, education and ideals, by which alone citizeuship is to be adjudged, racial prejudice against the Negro and Negroid will become as insignificant in Anglo-Saxon America as it is rare in Latin-America. Toward this end the Negro and the immigrant should strive by removing the barriers of color and of mutual fear or distrust which separate them, in order to make possible the realization of the new and really United States of North America, without which there can be no union of all America." Thomas J. Edwards presents a ridiculously favorable view of the Southern tenant system. Professor Brough presents a rather rhetorical case of "the Southern sous of proud Anglo-Saxon sires" for a rational study of the race problem. Christensen has a sympathetic study of Sea Island Negroes which shows decrease in crime and increase in church support, education and property holding. Work shows that while Negro commitments for crime are much higher than white commitments, that the Negro rate is nevertheless lower by considerable than that of foreign-born Americans, such as Mexicans, Italians and Austrians. Peonage and unfairness in the courts are cited as part causes of NegTO commitments. Mr. Ray Stannard Baker, because he has "confidence not only in the sense of the white man in the South, but in the innate capability of the Negro," is quite willing to let present suffrage conditions drift. Dr. Haynes discusses segregation in cities. Dr. S. B. Jones shows that the Negro death rate is declining with that of the general population, and Mr. Lichtenstein, the editor of the paper, says that "the rapid reduction of Negro illiteracy from something above 95 per cent, to 30.4 per cent, in fifty years of freedom, and constituting the largest element in the diminution of illiteracy for the United States as a whole, is a phenomenal race achievement." The most indefensible thing in the whole volume is the twenty-two pages given to a young Southern white man, Odum, in which he tries to lay a foundation for separate Negro schools in Philadelphia. As a piece of scientific writing the paper is little less than silly. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 203 THE CRISIS IS THE OFFICIAL ORGAN OF THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE The Crisis was started under the NATIONAL ASSOCIATION three years ago after it had called Dr. Du Bois from Atlanta University as Director of Publicity and Research. The NATIONAL ASSOCIATION still publishes The Crisis. The Crisis is its mouthpiece. Through it the ASSOCIATION speaks each month to 150,000 readers. From them it now seeks a reply. You like The Crisis. Why not join the ASSOCIATION which it represents? The NATIONAL ASSOCIATION has 3,000 paying members, 80 per cent, of whom are colored. It wants 300,000. The NATIONA L ASSOCIATION represents YOU. It fights YOUR battles. Are YO U a member? If not, fill out and return this membership blank. MEMBERSHIP BLANK I hereby accept membership in the NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE. Please find enclosed dollars and enter my name as a member in Class paying $ a year, and send me THE CRISIS. Name Address Class 1. Donors, paying $100 to $500 per Class 3. Contributing Members, paying year. $2 to $10 per year. Class 2. Sustaining Members, paying Class 4. Associate Members, paying $1 $25 per year. per year. The subscription to THE CRISIS is $1 extra, foreign (including Canada) $1.25 extra, except to members paying $2, foreign $2.25. or more, who signify their wish that $1, foreign $1.25, of their dues be considered a CRISIS subscription. All members in good standing have the privilege of attending and voting at the Annual Meeting of the Association. PLEASE MAKE CHECKS PAYABLE TO NATIONAL ASSOCIATION TOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE, 70 FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK CITY. Mention THE CKISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER SCHOOL OF BEAUTY CULTURE AND HAIR DRESSING Kelsey's Hair Dressing, Hair Grower, Scalp Tonic and Face Lotion have no equal. Price, 60c each. Guaranteed under Food and Drug Act, June 30, 1906. Tr " &gt; ~T~ C^t ~M—"\ 7"l/~&gt;( Manicuring, Shampooing, Hair Dressing, Marcel LNS kelsey's	' Facial and Body Massage, Hair Making, Chiropody, I I I 1 etc., scientifically taught. Unlimited practice in parlor —* -—J—d -MV-"k—' day and night. Pupils taught at home, if desired. _ . . „ , ,..,. „ Diplomas. Special Summer Course, $7.50 up. Send for Telephone Morningside 8162 booklet. Mme. A. Carter Kelsey, Gen'l Instr.; Dr. Samuel 143 st , ™ _. 13^!*- A. Kelsey, Chiropodist, President and Gen'l Manager. NEAV YOKE MUTUAL TEACHERS' AGENCY Recommends teachers for schools; secures employment for teachers. Blanks and information furnished free on application. 1335 T Street, N. W. Washington, D. C. Only No. 24 Southern Buggy Highest Grade $65.00 A Value Unequaled. Sold on $1.00 Profit Margin From Factory to User Write for prices and other styles. Send for catalogue.C. R. PATTERSON and SONS. Greenfield, Ohio Largest Negro Carriage concern in the United States, WANTED—ONE MAN OR WOMAN IN EVERY locality to start a Candy Kitchen. Best paying small business on earth. Few dollars starts you. Get away from wage slavery. Write for particulars. Native Herbarium Co., Ambler, Pa. $10	 Business Course Only $1 Harvey L. Pittman, famous manufacturing chemist and mail-order expert, is now manager of the United Service Company and offers their new course, containing seventeen guaranteed formulas for making perfumes, toilet and household preparations, with complete instructions for making, for local or mailorder sales, for only $1. This business pays big money the year round. Send to-day for list and valuable free information. . Address: THE UNITED SERVICE COMPANY 618 Fifth Avenue. East --- Duluth. Minn. WANTED 500 Negro families (farmers preferred) to settle on FREE Government Lands in Chaves County, New Mexico. Blackdom is a Negro colony. Fertile soil, ideal climate. No "Jim Crow" Laws. For information write JAS. HAROLD COLEMAN Blackdom ----- New Mexico $25.00 PER WEEK may be made in commissions by parties handling ' 'History of Negro Soldiers in Spanish-American War " combined with "History of the Negro Tiace." 400 pages, 50 illustrations. Price $1.25 net. Address: E. A. JOHNSON 154 Nassau Street New York REGALIA A Race Enterprise Manufacturing Badges, Banners and Supplies for all Fraternal and Church Societies. Catalogue upon request. CENTRAL EEGALIA CO. Jos. L. Jones, Pres. N.	 E. Cor. 8th and Plum Sts. Cincinnati, Ohio Start a Mail Order Business and Make Money COLORED MEN You can operate in your own home during spare time. The parcel post has opened up the doors of opportunity to YOU. Others are making $20 to WANTED TO PREPARE AS $DO0 a week. Why can't you? By our method SLEEPING-CAR AND TRAIN you can start with $5 and up. W e offer you thirty live, money-making mail order plans. You can PORTERS. make 95 cents profit on every dollar order. We No experience necessary. Posifurnish circulars, printed matter and place your tions pay $65 to $100 a month. advertising at lowest rates. Send 10 cents* for Steady work. New York roads. complete outfit. Do it to-day—Now! Passes and uniforms furnished when MAIL DEALERS WHOLESALE HOUSE necessary. Write now. 517 Dearborn Street Chicago, I1L I., Dept. 19, Indianapolis, Ind. JAMAICA THE BEST HOME SITE Unequalled values at this time of year. New 6 and 8-room cottages, well built, all improvements, title guaranteed. $100 down and $20 to $25 monthly. Immediate possession. Also small farms. Jamaica is the biggest and most progressive town on Long Island; it lias the second best health record of any town in New York State; and it is less than twenty minutes from New York City. Write for particulars. QUEENS REALTY COMPANY, Box 196, 32 DEWEY AVENUE, JAMAICA, L. I. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 205 MILES M. WEBB Chicago's Expert Photographer I specialize in every phase of artistic picture making. Send me your photos for enlargements. Prices reasonable. Satisfaction guaranteed. 'Phone 6688 Douglass. WEB B STUDIO 3519 State Street Chicago, 111. The Loyal Knights and Ladies of Malachites is incorporated under the laws of the District of Columbia. Its objectistocombine the Negroes of the world for their mutual advancement along industrial and commerciallines-. It also stands for the full enjoyment by the Negro of *»___j his civil and political rights, e This rn £K"  movement is interna bovernor tional in its scope; we have lodges not only in the United States but in Jamaica, B. "W. I.; Colon, Bocas delToro, Panama (Canal Zone) and Costa Rica. It is a dark day for the Negro and he must come together. Race movements have failed because our people were told that by contributing thereto the race only would be benefited, but no tangible individaal benefits were offered. By our plan the member pays 35c. per month in the Association and receives $4.00 per week sickbenefits and $100 at death. W e not only look after the race but each individual member as well. Abigconvention is soon to be held here. W e want a lodge in every village, hamlet and town and a delegate to be sent to this convention. Organizers wanted everywhere. For full particulars, write KNIGHTS OF MALACHITES 1111 You St. N. W. Washington, D. C. A AGENTS WANTED—Big seller. $3 to $5 per day. Costs you from 10 to 20 cents; sells for 35 cents and up. Sample free for the asking. G. A. ALBURY and CO., P. 0. Box 414, Bristol, Pa. Beautiful Colored Doll Free This Negro doll has light brown color, long black hair, jointed limbs, sleeping eyes. For selling our artistic Negro post cards and other beautiful cards. Large assortment; very cheap. Agents and dealers are making big money handling them. Terms free. Sample of all post cards sent postpaid for 15 cents. J. GRIFFITH ART COMPANY 36-38 Beekman St. New York Was Jesus a Negro with Woolly Hair? Webb's books and pictures prove it and show it by the Bible. A picture, 12x18, of Jesus with woolly hair, and His Holy Angels at His second coming, and a book with Biblical references, extending from Genesis to Revelations, proving the fact. All for $1.50 and postage prepaid. The book alone James Webb is worth its price. The following are comments upon the same: ' 'I beg to say, after hearing Elder Webb on the subject, that the blood of the Negro coursed through the veins of Jesus and Solomon. I am frank to say that I have seldom, if ever, enjoyed such an intellectual treat. The position he assumed as the subject of his lecture touching the Hametic blood and race is difficult and requires a practical knowledge of Biblical and historical lore. But I am pleased to say that he not only shows himself an expert, but the master of the situation, and I commend him to the ministry and churches of our race of every denomination." Truly, (Signed) Bishop H. M. TURNER. "The evidence submitted by Elder Webb tending to prove that the Saviour of mankind was a black man seems to be sufficient to put those who oppose the proposition upon their proof. Now that the chain of evidence presented by Mr. Webb appears so complete. It Is strange that none of the delvera In the Biblical records have not advanced the sensational proposition before. Not only was Christ a Negro, but It seems that Solomon, who has been held up through all the ages as the personification of wisdom, had Ethiopian blood In his veins, also."—Seattle "Daily Times." Price $1.50 for picture and book. Send money order or express order to James M. Webb, 3519 State Street, Chicago, 111., in the care of the Webb Studio. WANTED—Colored carriage smiths, woodworkers, trimmers and painters. Sober, experienced men only. Address: THE CRISIS, 70 Fifth Avenue, New York City. Mention THE CRISIS 206 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER LEGAL DIRECTORY Residence 2546 Michigan Office Phone Bell Phone E-2161 Home 58 Main C. H. CALLOWAY Attorney and Counselor-at-Law Notary Public 117 W. 6th Street Kansas City, Mo. HARRY E. DAVIS Attorney-at-Law Notary Public 1607 Williamson Building --- Cleveland, O. Office L. D. Telephone 3297 Market Residence L. D. Telephone 5277-M Market GEORGE A. DOUGLAS Counselor-at-Law Rooms 613-614, Metropolitan Building 113 Market St., Cor. Washington, Newark, N. J. General Practice Notary Public WILLIAM R. MORRIS Attorney and Counselor-at-Law 102a Metropolitan Life Building Minneapolis -------- Minn. BROWN S. SMITH Attorney and Counselor-at-Law Offices: Suite 610, Sykes Block Minneapolis Minn. GEORGE W. MITCHELL Attorney-at-Law 908 Walnut Street Philadelphia - Pa. Tel. 2026 Fort Hill Cable Address, Epben EDGAR P. BENJAMIN Attorney and Counselor-at-Law 34 School Street Boston, Mass. Telephone Connection W. Ashbie Hawkins George W. F. McMechen HAWKINS and McMECHEN Attorney s-at-Law 21 East Saratoga Street --- Baltimore, Md. Phones: Office, Bell 4059; New 420-M Residence, New 733-A THOS. E. GREENE, JR. Attorney and Counselor-at-Law Notary Public Maloney Block - Youngstown, Ohio William H. Austin Edmund O. Austin Law Offices of AUSTIN and AUSTIN St. Paul Building, 220 Broadway, New York Suite 7—H. I, J, K Telephones: 7400, 5365, 5366 Cortlandt B. F. BOOTH Attorney-at-Law 57 N. Second Street Memphis Tenn. PERSONAL CARDS Telephone 5277 Morningside DR. GERTRUDE E. CURTIS Surgeon Dentist 188 W. 135th Street --' -' - New York City Telephone Connection R. W. FEARING Electrician Contracting, Repairing, Motors, Electric and Gas Fixtures Electrician recent Emancipation Exposition in New York 85 Marion Street Brooklyn, N. Y. Telephone Columbus 3935 Open All Night RODNEY DADE and BROS. Undertakers and Emb aimers Notary Public Funeral Parlor and Chapel Free Licensed Lady Embalmer Prompt Service 266 West 53d Street ---- New York City Between Broadway and 8th Avenue MME. FANNIE BELLE DE KNIGHT Dramatic and Dialect Reader. Engagements solicited. Students given special training in the Delsarte Method. Instruction also given in Dialect, English Grammar and Rhetoric. Terms Reasonable. Telephone Morningside 9045 Studio: 231 W. 134th St. New York City TANDY and FOSTER Architects 1931 Broadway New York Telephone 5368 Columbus H. HENRY HARRIS Architect Corner 8th and Princess Streets Wilmington ------ N. C. WILLIAM L. BELL Architect 138J/2 Auburn Avenue -- Atlanta, Ga. JUNIOR . MECHANICAL DRAFTSMAN desires position. Persistent, resourceful and efficient. Reference. Address DRAFT, care of THE CRISIS. J. E. ORMES ACCOUNTANT Audits Systems Business information by mail. Open for engagements July and August Box 25, Wilberforce University Wilberforce, 0\ FO R S A L E—Colored restaurant doing a first-class business of from $30 to $50 per day. Excelle nt location, not excelled in city. Address : G. W . REED 266 West 53d Street New York Citv Mention THE CKISIS The Art of Printing AS EXEMPLIFIED IN OUR WORK EMBODIES THE FOL LOWING POINTS OF MERIT: | (a) Neat 1.	 Stationery and {b) Attractive ( (c) Quality f (a) Polite 2.	 Form J. (b) Business ( (c) Social { (a) Artistic 3.	 Workmanship -I (b) Correct ( (c) Prompt We Print THE CRISIS ROBERT N. WOOD, Printing and Engraving 202 EAST 99th STREET Telephone: Lenox 6667 NEW YORK Homes in Long Island! Few people realize the wonderful possibilities of Long Island property, the rapid growth of that section of the city and its wonderful future. W E ARE SELLING GOOD HOMES IN CORONA, with all improvements, only five cents carfare to New York. Corona is in the very center of Greater New York, and in a few months will be reached by the rapid transit lines of Manhattan, giving to the people of that section of the city a five-cent carfare to any section of Manhattan. The only place within thirty minutes of Times Square, Grand Central Station or the Pennsylvania Station, where the man of small means can get a modern home with all improvements at a moderate cost. W e would be glad to have you visit Corona at our expense. Corona is one of the highest elevations in New York City, has an excellent car service, good schools, excellent water supply and the best place in all New York for children. For full particulars as to price and terms address L. S. REED and COMPANY 142 Hunter Avenue	 Long Island City Some choice investment lots for $50 on reasonable terms Mention THE CKISIS. A Life of NORRIS WRIGHT GUNEY By MAUD GUNEY HARE (His daughter) Would you like to read about a red-blooded man who was one of the great leaders of Negro Americans? Would you like to inspire your children with the life of this "Tribune of the Black People"? 8vo; 250 pages. Postpaid, $1.50. Best terms to agents. THE CRISIS PUBLISHING COMPANY 70 FIFTH AVENUE NEW YORK CITY HAZEL The Story of a Little Colored Girl By MARY WHITE OVINGTON Author of "Half a Man" Price $1.00 net. Postage prepaid, $1.08. For sale through our agents and at THE CRISIS office, as well as at leading book stores. CRISIS PUBLISHING COMPANY 70 FIFTH AVENUE NEW YORK CITY Mention THE CRISIS