The Crisis The Crisis January 1918 Ten Cents Frank Walts President Executive Officers M00RFIELD STOREY MAJOR J. E. SPINGARN, Chairman of Board Vice-Presidents OSWALD GARRISON VILLARD, Treasurer ARCHIBALD H. GRIMKE DR. W. E. B. DUBOIS, Director of Publications and Researc REV. JOHN HAYNES HOLMES BISHOP JOHN HURST JAMES WELDON JOHNSON. FieldSecretary JOHN E. MILHOLLAND MARY WHITE OVINGTON OSWALD GARRISON VILLARD NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE DIRECTORS Chicago Washington New York JANE ADDAMS PROF. GEO. WILLIAM COOK REV. HUTCHINS C. BISHOP DR. C. E. BENTLEY MRS. FLORENCE KELLEY Brooklyn Boston PAUL KENNADAY JOSEPH PRINCE LOUD DR. V. MORTON JONES CHARLES EDWARD RUSSELL BUTLER R. WILSON DR. O. M. WALLER ARTHUR B. SPINGARN Baltimore New Haven CHARLES H. STUDIN BISHOP JOHN HURST GEORGE W. CRAWFORD DR. JOHN G. UNDERHILL DR. F. N. CARDOZO Philadelphia Springfield, Mass. LILLIAN D. WALD REV. G. R. WALLER DR. WILLIAM A. SINCLAIR WILLIAM ENGLISH WALLING The N . A. A. C. P. has secured the best legal talent in the country to defend the colored men accused of murder in the East St. Louis race riots and to prevent the responsibility and blame for that horror being placed upon the American Negro. In this case the race is on trial, Help to win it by joining the N . A. A. C. P. today. Date , 1917. MEMBERSHIP BLANK The Crisis is sent without further charge to members paying two dollars or more. O SWALD G ARRISON V ILLARD, Treasurer, 70 Fifth Avenue, New York. SIR: I desire to become a member of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People and to receive The Crisis. In payment of my dues for one year, I enclose dollars. Name Street $ City and State Mention TH E CRISIS NEW YEAR'S NUMBER—Edition 56,000 TH E CRISIS A RECORD OF THE DARKER RACES PUBLISHED MONTHLY BY THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE, AT 70 FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK CITY. CONDUCTED BY W. E. BURGHARDT DU BOIS; AUGUSTUS GRANVILLE DILL, BUSINESS MANAGER Contents Copyrighted, 1917, by the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People Contents for January, 1918 PICTURES Page COVER. A STUDY FROM LIFE. By Frank Walts MEN OF THE MONTH. Drawn by Hilda Wilkinson 128-129 THE HOUSTON TRIAL. Photograph by W. C. Lloyd 130-131 NEGRO LABORERS AND SOLDIERS 132 NEGRO BUILDINGS 140 ARTICLES THE CONGRESSIONAL INVESTIGATION OF EAST ST. LOUIS By Lindsey Cooper 116 THE WAY OF THE TRANSGRESSOR. A Story. By Wallace Green 121 A MOTHER'S NEW YEAR RESOLUTIONS. By Josephine T. Washington 124 'TAINT NO NEED O' WOMEN WORRIN'. A Poem. By Waverley T. Carmichael 133 DEPARTMENTS EDITORIAL Ill THE OUTER POCKET 125 MEN OF THE MONTH 128 THE LOOKING GLASS 134 THE HORIZON 139 THE CRISIS FOR FEBRUARY The Editor's Jubilee Number; Annual Report of the N. A. A. C . P.; A Review of Jones' "Negro Education"; Special Lynching Statistics* with a map; a reproduction of Turner's "Slave Ship," and other pictures. TEN CENTS A COPY; ONE DOLLAR A YEAR FOREIGN SUBSCRIPTIONS TWENTY-FIVE CENTS EXTRA RENEWALS : The date of expiration of each subscription is printed on the wrapper. When the subscription is due, a blue renewal blank is enclosed. CHANG E O F ADDRESS : The address of a subscriber can be changed as often as desired. In ordering a change of address, both the old and the new address must be given. Two weeks' notice is required. MANUSCRIPT S and drawings relating to colored people are desired. They must be accompanied by return postage. If found unavailable they will be returned. Entered as second class matter November 2, 1910, at the tost office at New York, New York, under the Act of March I, 1879. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER THE NATIONAL TRAINING SCHOOL DURHAM, N. C. Open to Students of Either Sex. It is more than a mere school. It is a community at service and uplift. Its influence is destined to be felt in all sections of the country in improved Negro community life wherever our trained workers locate. The following departments are already in successful operation: Teache Collegiate, Commercial, Missionary, Theological, Household Economics and Departments of Music. In equipment and teaching it is not surpassed by any School for the Education of Negro Youth in the South. The next term opened Monday, October I, 1917. For catalog and detailed information, address President, JAMES E. SHEPARD, DURHAM --- NORTH CAROLINA The Agricultural and THE CHEYNEY TRAINING Technical College SCHOOL FOR TEACHERS Twenty-fourth Annual Session. CHEYNEY, PENNA. Fall term began Sept. 1, '17. For reasonably mature students who have Three Strong Departments: Ag a good secondary school preparation, and who ricultural, Mechanical and Aca to teachers, are desire become courses ofdemic. fered during the regular term in academic work, domestic science, domestic art, physShort Practical Courses of ical training, elementary school methods, Three Months; Maintained by wood and metal working, and agriculture. Board and laundry privileges for the year the Governments of NorthCarolina and of the United States. $100. Fall term began Wednesday, Septem ber 19, 1917. Special training for teachers of The Summer School for Teachers, from July 5 to August 2 inclusive, will this year vocational subjects. offer primary methods, English, mathematics, history, civics and geography, plain sewing Board, Lodging and Tuition, and dressmaking, raffia work and basketry, $9.00 per Calendar Month. art needle work, cookery, wood and metal For Catalog and Further working, physical training, and gardening. Dormitory space is limited, and applications Information, address should be mad* early. Cost for the four weeks $16.00. President Dudley, For further Information write to A. and T. College, LESLIE PINCKNEY HILL, Greensboro, N. C. Principal, Mention TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Atlanta University Is beautifully located in the City of Atlanta, Ga. The courses of study include High School, Normal School and College, with manual training and domestic science. Among the teachers are graduates of Yale, Harvard, Dartmouth and Wellesley. Forty-eight years of successful work have been completed. Students come from all parts of the South. Graduates are almost universally successful. For further information address President EDWARD T. WARE ATLANTA, GA. Knoxville College Beautiful Situation. Healthful Location. The Best Moral and Spiritual Environment. A Splendid Intellectual Atmosphere. Noted for Honest and Thorough Work. Offers full courses in the following departments: College, Normal, High School, Grammar School and Industrial. Good water, steam heat, electric lights, good drainage. Expenses very reasonable. Fall Term Began September 19, 1917. For information address President R. W. Mc GRANAHAN KNOXVILLE, TENN. STRAIGHT COLLEGE New Orleans, La. Situated on the main thoroughfare of the largest city of the South. Thorough training in High School, Teachers' Course and College, with special work in Music and Manual Training. Teachers represent some of the best universities and music conservatories of the country. For full information, address 7. T. Cater, Registrar. 1870 CLARK UNIVERSITY 1917 SOUTH ATLANTA GEORGIA Most beautiful campus of 70 acres, commodious buildings with modern conveniences. High Scholarship — Talented Faculty — Well equipped library and laboratories—Literary societies—Athletics—Co-educational—Expenses very low. $100 per year of eight months will pay tuition, board, room, etc. Comfortable dormitories with steam heat and gas light. COURSES OF STUDY Domestic Science for girls, cooking, sewing, dressmaking and embroidery. Pre-Academy—7th and 8th grades. Academy—Four years with diploma. Pre- Medical— Two years above academy. College—Four years leading to A. B. degree. Normal—Five years above grades with diploma. First Semester opened October 3, 1917. HARR Y ANDREWS KING, President. ST. MARY'S SCHOOL An Episcopal boarding school for girls, under the direction of .the Sisters of St Mary. Address: THE SISTER -IN-CHARGE 609 N. 43d St W. Philadelphia, Pa. MOREHOUSE COLLEGE (Formerly Atlanta Baptist College) ATLANTA, GA College, Academy, Divinity School An institution famous within recent years for its emphasis on all sides of manly development—the only institution in the far South devoted solely to the education of Negro young men. Graduates given high ranking by greatest northern universities. Debating, Y. M. C. A., athletics, all live features. For information address JOHN HOPE, President WILEY UNIVERSITY MARSHALL, TEXAS Recognized as a college of the First Class by Texas and Louisiana State Boards of Education. Harvard, Yale and Columbia represented on its faculty; studentsgathered from ten different states. Strongest Music Department in the West M. W. DOGAN, President FISK UNIVERSITY NASHVILLE. TENN. Founded 1866 Thorough Literary, Scientific, Educational, Musical and Social Science Courses. Pioneer in Negro music. Special study in Negro life Ideal and sanitary buildings and grounds. Well-equipped Science building. Christian home life. High standard of independent manhood and womanhood. For literature, etc., write FAYETTE AVERY McKENZIE, President Morris Brown University Atlanta, Ga. Co-Educational The largest institution of learning in the South owned and controlled by Negroes. Faculty of specialists, trained in some of the best universities in the North and in the South. Noted for high standard of scholarship; industrial emphasis and positive Christian influence. Well equipped dormitories; Bane athletics under faculty supervision. Expenses reasonable. Location central and healthful. Departments: Theology, College, Preparatory, Nor mal, Commercial, Musical, Domestic Science, Nurse Training, Sewing, Printing and Tailoring. First Semester began September J7, 1017. For further information address W. A. FOUNTAIN, President Bishop J. S. FLIPPER, Chairman Trustee Board. Mention TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER LIVINGSTONE COLLEGE THE FLORIDA A. &amp; M. COLLEGE SALISBURY, N. C. A Religious Co-Educational School with a Tradition Open to All Negroes: Only Merit Counts Students come from Twenty-nine States in the Union, from Canada, Africa, the West India Islands and Central America. And Graduates Make Good. Salisbury, North Carolina, an Ideal Place for Study with a Mild, Equable Climate, Pure Water, Breezes from Pine and other Forests a Constant Tonic—the Greatest Degree of Healthfulness. New Girls' Dormitory with all Modern Conveniences Accommodating 210 just Completed and Ready Courses of Study: Grammar School, Academy, Normal, College, Divinity, Music and Industries for Boys and Girls. Expenses Moderate. Tallahassee, Florida Offers long and short courses in Mechanic Arts, in Home Economics, in	 Agriculture, in Education and in Science. For Catalog Address NATHAN B. YOUNG, President P. O. DRAWER 524 COLEMAN COLLEGE GIBSLAND, LA. Supported by Baptist State Woman's Home Mission Society of Chicago and Boston and A. B. H. Society of New York. Students from six different states. Graduates exempted on first grade by Louisiana, Arkansas and Oklahoma. O. L. COLEMAN, President Thirty-sixth Session Opened Wednesday,October 3, 1917. For Further Information Address D. C. SUGGS, President or J. E . Aggrey, Registrar. Don't Waste Your Evenings Never before in the history of the race has the demand for skilled colored help been so great as at the present time. Fall in with the spirit of the times for preparedness and learn a useful trade for the demand is greater than the supply. Enroll at BEREAN SCHOOL Stenography, Typewriting, Bookkeeping, Upholstery, Woodworking, Plumbing, Dressmaking, Tailoring, Printing, Cooking, Waiting, Millinery, or Power Machine operating. 19th year and Fall Term opened Tuesday, October 2nd, 1917. Late afternoon and evening sessions, twice a week, specially adapted for the convenience of the day wage earners. Painstaking and efficient teachers, specialized training in all departments a marked feature. Efficiency our aim Helpfulness our object The doors are open now. Will you enter ? Visitors welcome Gymnasium Beautiful location Write the Principal of Berean Manual Training and Industrial School MATTHE W ANDERSON, D.D. 1926 S. College Avenue Philadelphia, Pa. ROLAND W. HAYES, Tenor Recitals Concerts Oratorio Opera "An unusually good voice. The natural quality la beautiful. It is a luscious yet manly voice. Mr. Hayes sings freely and with good taste."—Philip Hale, In the Boston Htrold. " A voice of unusual sweetness and calibre.' —Chattanooga Times. Address 3 WARWICK ST.. BOSTON MASS. STENOGRAPHERS WANTED All Races Prepare in the best school of its kind in the State Subjects Shorthand, Typewriting, Bookkeeping, English, Pen manship, Civil Service Training, and SPANISH . COMMERCIAL CLASS Lenox Community Center—at PUBLIC SCHOOL 89 Lenox Avenue and 135th St., New York City. Open All Year—Four Evenings Weekly. Fitz W . Mottley, President. The Slater Industrial and State Normal School : For Colored Youth of Both Sexes WINSTON-SALEM, N. C. T.	 Offering Standard Courses In .Academic Subjects, Tn Industrial and Vocational Subjects, In Education. 11.	 Graduates receive the Teacher's Certificate. III.	 Located amid the foothills of the mountain section of Western North Carolina and the health conditions arc ideal. IV. Accommodations excellent and expenses moderate. For further information communicate with S. G. ATKINS, Principal SLATER STATE NORMAL SCHOOL, Winston-Salem, N. C. WANTED Agents for TH E CRISIS. Dignified work 70 Fifth Avenue, New York LULU ROBINSON-JONES Soprano Available for Concerts Telephone 6393 Morningside 126 W. 134th Street New York City Mention TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS Vol. 15-No. 3 JANUARY, 1918 Whole No. 87 Editorial The Year of God 1917 In Account with the American Negro East St. Louis Segregation Decision Houston 678 U. S. Army Officers, and Scott Chester Hegira from The South Thirty-six Persons Known to be New Employments and a Chastened Lynched in ten months, beside the A. F. of L. Unknown New High Schools in Washington and The Lynching of Haiti Louisville Colonel Young's Retirement 455 Bachelors of Arts and 2500 High Refusal of Negro Army Volunteers School Graduates Dead-lock on Negroes Among the $500,000 to Educational Endowment White Methodists and $500,000 to New Negro School-Split Among Colored Odd Fellows houses Widening Rift Among Colored BapNational Aid to Vocational Training tists Howard, Morehouse, Biddle,Talladega,Atlanta Fire Years Old "German Plots" Libel Court Decisions Against Colored New Appreciation of Negro Art Masons Frederick Douglass Home Saved Death of Prominent Negroes: Bishop Hapgood-Torrence Plays Walters, J. D. Corrothers, H. S. Virgin Islands Annexed and Citizenship for Porto Ric Cummings, J. E. Bush, J. H. Hayes, P. A. Payton, M. W. Gilbert, C. M. Civil Rights Victories in New York C. Mason, J. L. Curtis, H. W. Bass, and Other States W. P. Hall, W. Bishop Johnson, R. Harry Burleigh, Spingarn Medalist S. Lovinggood, Ellen C. Crum, A. Silent Protest Parades in New York S. Gray and Other Cities 75,000 New York Colored WomenEnfranchised; Death of White Friends: J. B. Foraker, F. B. Sanborn, CarolinePutnam, Stuart, C. F. Ryder Widening Work of Y. M. and Y. W. C. A. New Alderman in Chicago Pollard on "All-American" Payton's Expansion of Harlem Five New Hospitals and SeveralPublic Total: Courage to Fight, Sympathy, Total: Oppression, Murder, and Disunity and Progress Carry Forward to 1918—Determination 111 SPINGARN MAJOR J. E. SPINGARN has undergone a severe operation at the New York Hospital, but is, we are thankful to say, rapidly recovering. No more earnest and sincere friend of the Negro people has arisen since the Civil War, and twelve million people watch above his bed with deep sympathy and infinite hope. For who can replace the few white friends who are willing to work WITH us and not merely FOR us? AMERICAN CHRISTIANITY ONE of the most despicable traits in human nature is the disposition, in anindividual or a class of indi viduals, to stand in the way of another individual, or class of individuals, with a view of preventing them from getting on in the world, from bettering their condition; such as -we find manifested by a large class of whites in this country against the advancement of the colored people. It is purely and simply the instinct of the brute; and it shows how nearly on the level with the brute such people are. It is conduct utterly unworthy of men, created in the image of God; and such outbreaks as we have been having in the South, in East St. Louis, and elsewhere, show how little removed from savages we are, and how great is the need for missionaries who will not only preach the gospel of Christ, but who will follow His noble example in their daily walks and conversation. Nothing shows the utter hollowness of the brand of Christianity represented by the white American Church than the fact that it has had, apparently, no effect whatever in curbing this bitter and wicked race feeling in this country. It has had no influence in bettering conditions, either because it approved of this wicked race feeling, or because it was too cowardly, in the midst of an adverse public sentiment, to stand up for the principles which it professes to believe in. Instead of helping to better conditions, it has helped, and helped mightily, in the opposite direction, by the discrimination which it makes against colored people. It professes, in word, to believe in the Fatherhood of God and the Brotherhood of man, but in act denies both. Its profession is one thing, its action another. Where are the 40,000,000 professing Christians in this land, and the 182,000 preachers of the gospel, and the 225,000 churches that conditions, such as confront us today, have been allowed to grow up? There is some thing wrong, radically wrong, about these churches, these ministers, these white Christians. Either they are a set of hypocrites, or they have been woefully neglectful of their duty as ambassadors of Christ. I received recently a circular, issued by the "Great Commission Prayer League," with headquarters at Chicago, calling for " A World Wide Simultaneous Intercession." In reading it over, I found it condemning very strongly and very properly discrimination in churches between rich and poor; but it had not one word to say about discriminating between white and black, as if the one was any more opposed to the spirit and teaching of the Lord Jesus than the other. It is taken for granted, even in a solemn appeal like this, that there is nothing wrong about discriminating against people on the ground of color. An d it is because of this attitude of the church and the attitude of such organizations as this Great Commission Prayer League that things are as they are. These outbreaks of savagery and of race hatred call attention not only to the debased moral condition of masses of white people in this country but speak in thunder tones to the EDITORIAL 113 white Christians, who alone can reach these debased white masses, to wake out of the sleep which has fallen upon them and which has enabled them to go on quietly acquiescing in this condition of discrimination and race hatred, and to get to work, with a view of bringing about better conditions, by preaching the gospel of love, of human brotherhood, and by living it, as well as preaching it. What has the church been doing, what is it doing that things should be no better than they are; that such conditions should not only exist but should be steadily growing worse? No wonder people are saying,"Christianity is a failure," with these awful conditions existing in the midst of 40,000,000 professing Christians, and 182,000 preachers, and 225,000 churches as centers of Christian influence. And, judged by the record which it has made in this country, as an antidote for race prejudice, it has been a failure,-—a pitiable failure. And the shame of it all is that it has failed not because of inability but because of the unfaithfulness of its professed followers, because the men and women who ought to stand up for Christian principles have surrendered them through weakness, through cowardice. "Awake, awake, put on thy strength, O Zion; put on thy beautiful garments, O Jerusalem, the holy city." This is what the church needs —to awake; to put on its strength, to get rid of its weakness; to array itself in its beautiful garments—the garments of righteousness, instead of the filthy garment of race prejudice, in which it wraps itself and of which it doesn't seem to be ashamed, but rather to glory in its shame. A Christianity that does not include this principle of human brotherhood, not as a mere abstraction but as a living, working principle, is a spurious Christianity. J. F. GRIMKE. PRECIOUS HOW precious the Negro is when | society wants to use him! How invaluable is hisservice in the fields to be picked, rolled into bales, and transported to the world's markets! How indispensable is his loyalty, when the army is recruited for the great war to make " the world safe for democracy! " How welcome are his dollars, when a $5,000,000,000 Liberty Loan is floated by the government! Does anybody think of denying the black man the opportunity to do the work that nobody else will do? Has anybody urged that the black man be exempted from military service? Has any black man laid down his fifty dollars in a Liberty Loan booth, and been refused a bond? Just to suggest such possibilities is to reveal their inherent absurdity. In these and countless other directions, the Negro is usable, as a shovel is usable to dig a ditch or a truck to carry a burden; and society pays tribute to his worth. But what happens when the Negro asks for reciprocity in this matter of service—seeks as a return for duties done the free exercise of privileges conferred ? What if he wants to use the public schools, the public libraries, the public parks, the. theatres, hotels and railroads, public institutions and utilities generally, on an equal footing with other men ? What if he buys real estate and builds a home in a neighborhood which will provide the best possible conditions for the rearing of his children? What if he enters not a Liberty Loan booth but a voting booth and seeks not to purchase a bond but deposit a ballot? This is different, is it not? The Negro is suddenly not so precious as before. On the contrary, he is worthless; or, worse than worthless, dangerous, and therefore not merely to be cast aside but trod den under foot. THE CRISIS The situation is interesting, and, if the whites be wise, to be enjoyed while it lasts. For not always will thecheer, be willing to recognize the validity of this onesided compact. Some day he will learn that rights are the complements of duties, and freedom the reward of service—at least in a democracy! And then will he insist upon knowing whether or not " a nation conceived in liberty and dedicated to the proposition that all men are created equal." has perished from the earth? JOHN HAYNES HOLMES. THIRTEEN THEY have gone to their death. Thirteen young, strong men; soldiers who have fought for a country which never was wholly theirs ; men born to suffer ridi cule, injustice, and, at last, death itself. They broke the law. Against their punishment, if it was legal, we cannot protest. But we can protest and we do protest against the shameful treatment which these men and which we, their brothers, receive all our lives, and which our fathers received, and our children await; and above all we raise our clenched hands against the hundreds of thousands of white murderers, rapists, and scoundrels who have oppressed, killed, ruined, robbed, and debased their black fellow men and fellow women, and yet, today, walk scot-free, unwhipped of justice, uncondemned by millions of their white fellow citizens, and unrebuked by the President of the United States. BARNARD'S LINCOLN IT is to laugh. The fact is we civilized folk, particularly if we are white, are used to strutting; we pose in carefully pressed pants and serious expression, —even in our statues. When, then, one comes with a human study like Barnard's Lincoln and gives us a man with big feet and bagging trousers and a thought rather than a smirk upon his lips, Lord, how we protest! That Lincoln ? Never. Why, there is Negro, for all his patience and good no nobility in his clothes or shoes! THE FUTURE OF AFRICA HIS war ought to result in the establishment of an independent Negro Central African State composed, at least, of the Belgian Congo and German East Africa and, if possible, of Uganda, French Equatorial Africa, German Southwest Africa, and the Portuguese territories of Angola andMozambique. international guarantees and control. ' JAPAN BE it known to all men that a certain great white nation called America has seen fit to admit, for divers reasons best known to itself, that Asia is primarily for the Asiatics. This is the real meaning of the Lansing-IshiiAgreement, flage" of explanation. A PRAYER ANCIENT OF DAYS that shudderest through Death and Birth—great Dream of Perfect Things, too perfect to be true! Wild Will to Do and Be— Eternal Beauty, Just and Free!Incarnate Buddha, and Lord Christ, sweep through our voices these drear days when Earth is Golgotha and when in midday darkness we Crucify our Souls amid the Thieves of Might and Greed on this great cruel Cross of Brass. Peace, send Peace, 0 God; annex, repay, restore; but before all, Justice, even though the way leads on through all this blood-soaked Hell. Justice—not the heights, not yet the heights, 0 God, but where their peaks burn clear against Thy Heavens! Justice for the poor and the blind, the weak and the black; Justice for woman, man, and child, and with Thy Justice. Peace—Peace and Silence to weep and bind these awful wounds. EDITORIAL 115 THE ROCHDALE PIONEERS Laws, watched Legislation, made IN 1844 twenty-eight English Lynching a National question, and weavers subscribed five dollars published the Truth. a piece to start a cooperative It did not do these things single-store. They laid down four handed but has worked always with principles: first, sales were to be made all persons minded to work with it. at current market prices and all proIn each case, however, it has furfits were to be divided among the cusnished suggestion, encouragement, tomers according to the amount of funds, and active organization. their purchases; second, sales were to This is surely a record which be made for cash; third, no goods were proves TH E NATIONA LASSOCIATION to be misrepresented or adulterated; OF COLORE D PEOPL E the only nafourth, the store was to be governed tional organization in the field to-day by the stockholders and every stockwhich can fight efficiently for the holder was to have one vote. rights of the Negro and the one on In 1916 this store had 18,924 memwhich twelve million Negroes should bers and a capital of $2,000,000. This concentrate with membership, en and similar stores in England had couragement and funds. 3,150,000 members in 1916, did a busi ness of $700,000,000, and distributed THE MID-WINTER CONFERENCE profits of $76,000,000. THE seventh' annual conferDoes anyone doubt that we Negroes ence of the N. A. A. C. P. of the United States could parallel will be held in New York this success, if we would? during the holiday season. EFFICIENCY Arrangements have been made for TI0NF0R T H recreation, as well as information, in THE NATIONA LASSOCIAEADVANCEMENT O F COLORE DPEOPLE the most interesting time of year and brief career, dealt Bourbonism in the in the greatest city in the world. United States three telling blows. Among the speakers will be persons First: by helping to secure the celeof national renown, including Colonel brated Grandfather Decision before Young, Miss Lathrop of the National Children's Bureau, FlorenceKelley, the Supreme Court, it began the overAshbie Hawkins, Archibald Grimke, throw of Disfranchisement and se and many others. There will be mass cured the first official affirmation of meetings, conferences, a luncheon, a the validity of the Fifteenth Amenddinner, a special theatre party, and ment. visits to points of interest. The cost will be kept low, and every member of the Association and friend should Second: it dealt Caste in the Nation a telling blow when it secured th make it a point to attend this which admission of nearly seven hundred promises to be the most interesting Colored Officers of the United States of a long series of conferences. Army. Third: in securing the Segregation The conference will be in session Decision before the Supreme Court, it four days, beginning Thursday,December stopped the most outrageous invasion of the Negro's rights yet attempted. In addition to these three blows, it Those who attend should make has fought for Civil Rights, encourevery effort to be here the morning aged ability through the Spingarn of. the first day and stay over the Medal, defeated Anti-Intermarriage night of the last. National Association for theAdvancement CLERK FOSS RAKER CHAIRMAN JOHNSON COOPER FOSTER OFFICIAL REPORTER THE CONGRESSIONAL INVESTIGATION OF EAST ST. LOUIS By LINDSEY COOPER, Special Representative of TH E CRISIS. THE committee appointed by Congress to investigate the East St. Louis riots met in East St. Louis, October 18, 1917. It was composed of Representatives BenIllinois; Henry A. Cooper, of Wisconsin; George A. Foss, of Illinois; and John D. Raker, of California. Witnesses were heard from all classes. Many came voluntarily to tell what they knew of the rioting. Others were subpoenaed. Every side of the East St. Louis matter was presented for consideration. Heads of manufacturing plants, labor union representatives, East St. Louis business men, Negroes from all walks of life, professional men, policemen, and day laborers, civil and military authorities—all appeared before the inquiry committee. The primary business of the committee was to ascertain whether or not the laws of interstate commerce were broken, or interstate travel interfered with by the rioting of May and July. Having established these facts, it was then at liberty to push the in Johnson, of Kentucky; Martin D. quiry into details of labor and raceflict. In view of this provision, the firstnesses called before the committeethose parties whose business was of Foster, of con wit were a na ture such as to experience interference in a case of interstate violation. The heads of the large East St. Louis industries, the traffic manager of the St. Louis Chamber of Commerce, and the manager of the East St. Louis Relay Depot testified to the fact that commercial traffic and personal travel had been interfered with by the rioting. Each of these witnesses told the committee what he knew of the rioting, in addition to detailing the effect the conditions had upon individual business. It was 116 117 N. A. A. C. P. learned that in a number of instances contracts with the Federal Government had been delayed because of shortage of labor, due to the Negroes having- been so thoroughly intimidated by the rioting as to be unwilling to return to the city. One manufacturer stated that he had offered his colored men higher wages than they had ever received before if they would return, but that he was unable to get them to do so. In those cases where they did come back to the city to work, they insisted on retaining St. Louis as their place of residence and demanded that they be released from work an hour sooner than customary, in order that they might be out of East St. Louis before dark. It was one of these witnesses, Charles Roger, of the J. C. Grant Chemical Com pany, who first told the committee of the shooting of Negroes by the soldiers. Upon being asked by the committee if he had seen any soldiers on the day of July 2, Mr. Roger replied that he had. Inquiry was made as to what the soldiers were do ing. Mr. Roger replied: "Shooting Ne groes." He then related that he with several others was standing at a window of his plant when a soldier came out of a near-by door. A crowd was in the street below and a group of Negroes was standing not far away. The soldier was armed. Some one in the crowd taunted him, saying: "You can't shoot!" The soldier replied: "Like hell I can't!" and, raising his rifle, fired into the group of unmolesting Negroes. One of the Negroes fell. The story of the race riots as revealed through the mass of evidence procured by the investigating committee is almost the history of East St. Louis itself. Twenty years after the establishment of the city, she had the reputation of being a centre of lawlessness. Conditions seem not to have improved since that time. Although the seat of immense moneymaking industries, East St. Louis has been forced to support herself by means of saloon licenses. The population of the city is 75,000. At the time of the July riots she maintained, or was maintained by, 376 saloons. Over thirty of these have been closed since the July riots. Barrel-houses, gambling resorts, and dives of all descriptions were allowed open operation in the city. While some of these places have been closed, others may continue to exist. Situated on the Mississippi River, and the terminal of twenty-eight main lines of railroad, it is only natural that East St. Louis should attract a large floating popu lation. Such a population requires the most efficient government. East St. Louis has had the worst. The immense plants of Swift, Armour, and Morris are not technically located in East St. Louis and pay no tax to the city. They were originally established just out side the city limits. Upon being threatened with absorption by the neighboring town of Lansdowne, they procured a charter from the State of Illinois and became in corporated as a village. This village is called National City, and in addition to the great plants named includes the National Stockyards, owned by Morris and Company. The territory covered by National City is not more than two miles square and in cludes not more than thirty-two residence houses. The heads of the great plants live in St. Louis, and the majority of the labor ing men in East St. Louis. The result is that National City bears the distinction of being the richest munici pality per capita in the world. While her population is only two hundred, the prop erty included within her limits has an ag gregate value of not less than $10,000,000. These plants maintain open shop, and since the strikes of 1916, the majority of their employees have been Negroes. An immense industry of East St. Louis, which is not in National City, is the Aluminum the Aluminum Ore Company of America popularly known as the Aluminum Trust. The plant of the Aluminum Ore Works in East St. Louis is valued at over a million dollars. The Aluminum Ore Company of America was capitalized at $20,000,000 and now has an investment of $80,000,000. It would seem that the seat of such industries would be able to maintain a properly paid police force and would be, at least, comfortably independent as to funds wherewith to meet her community responsibilities. Yet such has not been the case. East St. Louis has had to depend on the proceeds of her saloon licenses, and her government has been so corrupt that the entire truth of its viciousness will probably never be revealed. It is necessary to understand these conditions in order to grasp the truth of the Negro's situation in the city. Dating from the packing house strikes of 1916, and continuing through the Aluminum Ore strikes of October 1916 and April 1917, labor conditions in East St. Louis have been desperately tense. In order to combat such powerful employers, the laboring men were obliged to make a vigorous fight. None of the great plants is completely unionized. The men of the Aluminum Ore Company were unionized in an independent group, not affiliated with the American Federation of Labor. Organized labor has been made to bear much of the blame of the riots of May and July, but it is only fair to the unions to look to the deeper causes of the trouble. Alois Towers, a labor organizer of Belleville, Ill., told the committee that the labor vantage. unions recognized that there was no law It must be remembered that as a back to prevent the Negro from coming North, and that organized labor had no desire to prevent individuals from doing so. It was with the forced condition of thousands of these colored folk being brought into a community, where the laboring population was already equal to the number of jobs to be had, that the labor unions were at war. There is no more tragic pilgrimage in history. Working under unfair conditions, denied his rights of citizenship and education, hounded by race prejudice, the southern Negro listened eagerly to the tales of prosperity and opportunity for his race which flourished in the nearest northern city. The relation of the Negro and the labor union has been difficult. The percentage of skilled colored labor in East St. Louis is not large and there is no organization for unskilled or common labor. The skilledby the crafts unions, and to the unskilled or uneducated Negro the purposes of labor organization are obscure. It is fairly certain that the employers of the large industries gave the preference to colored workers for the reason that they felt these men would be slower to organize than white unskilled laborers would be. If they did undertake to organize, more men could be brought from the South to take their places. Thus, the employer had in his grasp a solution of the problem which from his point of view was quite satisfactory. If the men of his plant went on strike, he ignored the strike, filled their places with Negro workmen, and went on with his business. It is an interesting fact that one company of Negroes, which was brought up during CRISIS the strike at the Aluminum Ore Company, refused to accept the positions which had been promised them when they learned that the reason for these jobs being vacant was that their regular occupants were out on strike. The situation as it existed was deeply unfair to the Negro laborer. Instead of his cause being the cause of the working class at large, the two became separated and pitted against each other, the employer, of course, being on the side of that form of unskilled labor of which he felt he could for the longest period of time take ad ground for all of this industrial discontent, the worst of municipal conditions existed. With three men for every one job, with saloons and gambling houses operating on all sides, with an administration which, under Mayor Fred Mollman, winked at any crime as long as it was committed by a friend of those in office, with pawnshops displaying in their windows a variety of fire-arms accompanied by the sign "Buy a Gun for Protection," it is small wonder that eventually every semblance of law and order broke down, resulting in the desperate events of July 2. In this terrible crisis, the innocent were made to suffer for the guilty. Every instinct of brutality which had been allowed to grow up in East St. Louis sprang full-fledged into expression, and because members of his race who had had no chance for felt himself against Negroenlightenment has had been discriminated used as tools in the hands of despotic employers, great numbers of Negroes were burned and shot and persecuted by a fiendish mob which cared nothing for labor principles or for industrial justice, but seized the opportunity to exercise its degraded sense of race prejudice and gratify its gluttony for bloodshed. That the rank and file of labor did take part in the riots of May and July is not to be denied. The spring of 1917 was a crucial time in the labor activities of East St. Louis. In addition to the large strike which was called at the Aluminum Ore Works, contracts which the employees of the street railway system had made with their employers some two or three years before reached expiration. The men were dissatisfied with their wage rate and a strike was in prospect. 119 N. A. A. C. P. In view of this occurrence, the superintendent of the street railways system procured two companies of Federalized militia which were quartered within the precincts of the car company's property. Many of them were housed in the car barns and the remaining number pitched their tents near by. These troops, also, had under their protection the plants of the packing houses, beating the colored boy over the head with his revolver. Then Mrs. Cook was dragged from the car, beaten with clubs, and kicked. A group of white women fell upon her and tore her hair out by the roots. Mrs. Cook lost consciousness. When she regained her normal senses, she found herself lying in an ambulance along with three bodies of Negroes. Wiping the blood from the Aluminum Ore Company, and theNational Stockyards. her eyes, she turned to find that two of At the time of the May riots, when the Mayor appealed to the commander of these troops for assistance he was told that the mission of the soldiers in East St. Louis was of another nature, and assistance in restoring the city to order was refused. On the day of the opening hearing of the Congressional Committee, Mrs. Lena Cook, of St. Louis, who lost her son and her husband in the riots of July 2, told the jury at Belleville, Ill., the story of her tragic experience. She was called as a witness in the trial of John Dow, Charles Hanna, and Harry Robinson for the murder of William Keyser," a white man who was killed by a bullet which had previously passed through the body of Mrs. Cook's son, Lurizza Beard, killing the boy. Mrs. Cook's husband was also killed by these men, but the case under consideration at that time was the murder of William Keyser. Mrs. Cook, her husband, Ed Cook, her son, Lurizza Beard, and her thirteen-yearold daughter were on their way back to their home in St. Louis, Mo., from a fishing trip at a lake some miles above East St. Louis, near Alton. As the car of which they were occupants passed through East St. Louis, it was stopped at Collinsville and Illinois Avenues. Mrs. Cook testified that Hanna reached through the car window and caught her by the shoulder, partly tearing her dress off. Using an abusive term, he ordered her to get out of the car, as he was going to kill her. Then Hanna and Dow came into the car and told the white people to get out, as they were going to kill the Negroes. The white people left the car. The Cook family tried to explain that they did not even live in East St. Louis. The excuse was of no avail. Hanna pulled Ed Cook to the back platform of the car, threw him off, and shot him. Dow started to drag the Beard boy from the car. His mother begged for his life. Dow jerked the boy away and the last his mother saw, the white man was those bodies were her dead husband and her son. When this story was repeated to theCongressional moved, made the comment: "Indians could have done no worse." Dow and Hanna received a sentence of fifteen years each in the penitentiary. Robinson pleaded guilty and was sentenced to five years in the penitentiary. Dr. Thomas G. Hunter, a prominent col ored doctor of East St. Louis, was the first eye-witness to tell the committee of the joy-riding automobile which passed through Market Avenue, shooting into the houses, on the evening of July 1. His testimony was verified by other witnesses, one of these being a Negro policeman whose sis ter's house was one of the number shot into. The killing of detective-sergeantsCoppedge scribed to the committee by Roy Albertson, a newspaper reporter for the East St. Louis Daily Journal, who was in the car with the police officers when they were shot. Albertson described the events surround ing this killing of the detectives very vivid ly. A point in his testimony which did not agree with the account given by Dr. Hun ter, of the weather on the same evening, was that Albertson testified that it was a very dark night. Dr. Hunter, on the other hand, described the evening as one of bright moonlight. The committee, upon looking the matter up, found that there had been in fact a moon, almost, if not quite full. Much interest was manifested in the courtroom on the morning of October 24, when it was learned that Colonel S. O. Tripp, who had been in command of the militia on the day of July 2, had come voluntarily to testify before theCongressional No witness had been on the stand who had not described the cowardly conduct of the militia during the rioting. Many had told of the militia taking part in the activities of the mob. No one could tell of having seen them do any part of their duty. When Colonel Tripp assumed the stand, he carried under his arm a substantial document. Upon being sworn in, he proceeded to open this document and began to read. The committee objected strenuously, and the Colonel was obliged to depend on his mind. He told the committee of being called out of bed early on the morning of July 2, of leaving Springfield at four o'clock, and of reaching East St. Louis at eight. Upon reaching East St. Louis, he said he went straight to the office of Mayor Mollman. There he was informed by the Mayor that he himself was not feeling well that day and had been advised not to go out. Considerable amusement was expressed in the courtroom at this statement from the Mayor. The committee asked Colonel Tripp if he thought the Mayor's indisposition were physical or mental. Colonel Tripp replied that he thought it was mental, that the Mayor was ''laying down on his job." Mayor Mollman appointed City Attorney Thomas Fekete to act in his place that day, and co-operating with Mr. Fekete, Colonel Tripp took charge of the situation. When the officer told the committee that he spent the entire morning at the City Hall, mapping out a plan of campaign, Mr. Cooper ejaculated: "You could have planned half the battle of Verdun in that time!" Colonel Tripp strove manfully to make the committee understand that he was not in active charge of the militia that day, that he was present in an administrative capacity only, leaving Colonel E. P.forces. It is clear that Colonel Clayton did not understand this arrangement, for it was under his command that the militia had controlled the May rioting so effectively. When Colonel Tripp endeavored to make it clear to the committee the character of his position, he said: "It is like the President. He doesn't go out on active duty." Mr. Johnson replied caustically: "We see. You and the President don't go out." Of the few companies of militia which straggled into East St. Louis during the morning of July 2, none was properly CRISIS equipped. Ammunition was scarce among them —a fact the mob was not slow to find out. It was learned later that the major ity of them had been enlisted only a few days. Many of them came from counties adjoining St. Clair County and shared the sentiment of East St. Louis toward the Negro. The September issue of TH E CRISIS, con taining the East St. Louis Supplement, played an important part in the investiga tion by the Congressional Committee. Its sweeping data, with pictures, gave the com mittee the best available publication to study in connection with its inquiry. The representative of TH E CRISIS had obtained the original of the photographs published by the magazine and submitted them to the committee. After hearing Colonel Tripp's account of the competent behavior of the soldiers, a member of the committee confronted the officer with a photograph showing the militia standing by in large numbers while the mob assaulted a Negro in front of a street car. Colonel Tripp stated that he was unable to place1 the locality shown in the picture. Paul Y . Anderson, Dispatch who had given the committee valuable evidence, was called to assist the military officer. Mr. Anderson told the committee that the picture was taken at the conjunction of Broadway andCollinsville Colonel Tripp testified that after spend ing the morning at the City Hall, planning a campaign by which the city might be re stored to order, he then spent an hour at lunch. By comparing evidence it was as certained that while the commanding offi cer of the military forces was at lunch, three men were killed at a distance of not Clayton, the commanding officer of the field over three blocks away! During the afternoon, a meeting of the Mayor and a number of business men was held, at which the Mayor called Governor Lowden by long distance telephone and begged him to have martial law declared in the city. Speaking on the same call, Colonel Tripp took the receiver and as sured the Governor that he had the situa tion well in hand and that martial law was unnecessary. Colonel Tripp gave as his reason for this statement the fact that had martial law been declared, the military forces would have been deprived of the as sistance of the police force, whereas if civil law were maintained, the military and 121 THE WAY OF THE TRANSGRESSOR police forces could both operate to quell the riot. Considering that only fifteen out of the forty men which constituted the police force of East St. Louis had reported for duty that morning, one cannot but feel that Colonel Tripp's loss in the matter of police assistance would have been light. It is a fact, however, that with the declaration of martial law complete authority would have devolved upon Colonel Tripp, just as under civil law it devolved upon Mayor Mollman. Consequently, each desired the form of government which relieved him of responsibility. Colonel Tripp assured the committee that he had never before heard the stories of the militia shooting Negroes, and that he had made no investigation of the subject. He also stated that he at no time saw any occasion for firing on the mob, taking the chance of wounding and perhaps killing innocent by-standers. Evidence as to the participation of the militia in the rioting was given the committee by any number of witnesses, yet in no case can there be found any indication that acts committed by the militiamen have been punished by the military authorities. Most of these soldiers have been sent to the Border. They have been Federalized and will from now until the close of the war devote their talents to making the world safe for democracy. It was under the command of Colonel Clayton, at seven-thirty in the evening of July 2, that the riot was finally controlled and several hundred persons were arrested. Most of these were turned loose by the police as soon as they reached the police station. Of the number who were held until the next day, few were indicted. They were dismissed as rapidly as they could walk out. When Colonel Tripp had completed his testimony, Representative Raker, ofCalifornia, has a poor, innocent Negro in a place like this?" THE WAY OF THE TRANSGRESSOR A STORY By WALLACE GREEN SAY, have you heard about that great "come off" that too k place out on Big Sandy a few days ago at Uncle Tom Morgan's house? Now lest you should try to find the way to Big Sandy and get lost, let me direct you. After you pass a little country store not far west of here, you follow the road that leads toward the north a few hundred yards and the n westward again until you pass Bob Good- of corn next to it, and just beyond the com patch that foolish man has a fine watermelon patch. Here you will see many a big saucy melon peeping up at you from among the vines, and those delicious mus k melons sending forth into the road a sweet smell. Tur n northward here again and you will see from th e downward slope of the road and the sudden increase in the number of black-jack and elm trees that game's house , you are nearing which has a patch some creek. When 122 THE you will have passed Uncle John Henderson's ribbon cane patch which lies snugly beside the road in a little field surrounded by the oak and elm trees, then you will come to Sandy Creek where brushes grow thick and trees high and dense, making it somewhat dark here even in the day time. Then there is that haunted bridge you must cross where that little spotted dog and man with no head on scared poor Frank Johnson half to death one night and made old man Bill Totten outrun his own horse, although Uncle Bill had suffered with rheumatism for thirty years. After crossing the bridge you find yourself passing that old house where Mandy Cane saw that two-headed woman in broad open daylight. Here the road begins to climb upward, leading you to a little wood-covered hill, on the summit of which is a stumpy field; in the field near the road stands a big two-room log house with a long front porch. Know now that you are in the heart of Big Sandy and at Uncle Tom Morgan's house. Now Uncle Tom Morgan is hardly worth describing. There was nothing in his appearance that would have made you either laugh or cry. He was just an ordinary looking old gentleman about five feet seven inches in his stocking feet, had long black whiskers on his face and his head not the least bit gray notwithstanding his toes had been bitten by the frost for fifty-five winters. But there was something very sad in Uncle Tom's character. He was a hard old sinner. He was a transgressor. One foot in the grave and the other no business out, he was as rowdy as a sixteen-year-old boy. And do you know that Uncles Mark Anderson and Dave Medlock and Aunt Peggie Pinchback, who had grown up with him (Uncle Tom) from slavery had been pleading with him for many years, trying to get him to turn from his wicked ways and cast his lot with the heaven-bound. But Uncle Tom had to have his "good whiskey" to drink and delighted as much in dancing as a college boy does in stealing a kiss from the girl he likes best. Of course Uncle Tom couldn't do the "get back" as well as he could twenty-five years before and owing to a little weakness in the back he could not cut the pigeon wing as lively as he could in days agone, but when it came to "dancing on the set" he could swing his partner and promenade as accurately as any "devilish youngster" for twenty miles CRISIS around. Give him an ample supply of "good liquor" and he could dance at the head of a line of youngsters and call figures any night until eleven o'clock and kick Aunt Drusillia's bonnet off at eleven ten. Now about the time of this big "To-do," which was a ring play and dance combined, at Uncle Tom's house, you know Brother Harris had pitched a big battle against "Sin and Satan" down at the Sandy Creek church-house; and hearing that Uncle Tom was about to "pull off" this big "Intertainment" at his Uncle Tom asking him to wait until the meeting closed before he do this thing lest he divert the minds of the young people from the meeting and then a great curse fall upon him; but Uncle Tom, using as a basis for his argument the words of the poet: "Religion never was designed To make our pleasure less," sought to show them that they were in error and refused to concede to their wishes. When Aunt Pashie Sutton heard that Uncle Tom had refused to listen to the sacred committee she hitched an unruly mule to an open top buggy and drove six miles through the red hot sunshine to Uncle Tom's house just to call him an old fool. "Never min'," she said as she drove away. "You won't come to nothing good. The way of the transgressah is hard." But, deaf to all that is pure and holy, that old "good timer" only laughed the laugh of Satan and continued to send out invitations far and near, telling the young people to come out that following Saturday night and have a grand time shaking the dust from their feet a little. Now, when Saturday came around and darkness began to fall, and the pleasant wind from the south began to rock the lofty trees to sleep, the young people in large numbers commenced gathering in Uncle Tom Morgan's yard. There were those "good looking black boys" of Aunt Pashie Sutton's and Nathan Whitaker with his thirty dollar suit on. Wooden-leg Peter was there, and even some of them "long leg pop-eyed boys" from away down on Pig Creek. As soon as the moon bounced upon the skies and was peeping through the branches of the black-jack and elm trees to see who was spooning, there came down the road cripple Romey and "them Smily boys" playing their guitars as they came along, while just be 123 THE WAY OF THE TRANSGRESSOR hind them in company with Sealy Green and so he got Joe Pinkard with his fiddle, the Annie Kato and a host of other "good lookSmily boys and cripple Romey with their ing chickens" came Joe Pinkard with his guitars and Frank Talton with his banjo. fiddle and Frank Talton with his banjo. These he caused to be seated on a bench Everybody was in the best of spirits bewhich he had prepared for the musicians, cause just as a jolly crowd passed through then the "set" was organized for the big the gate, Nathan Whitaker sneaked up dance, Uncle Tom being chosen to "call among the rest and stole a kiss from Sealy figures," for you must remember Uncle Tom Green and Wooden-leg Peter slipped his was an expert along this line, having been a arm around Sallie Black's waist and "caller of figures" for thirty years. Of smacked her on the jaw. And that good course just before they began to play Uncle looking "Yaller gal" you call Pinkie Jackson had already whispered and told Wash Tom took all the musicians into a back room Smily that John -Clark couldn't shine the and "fixed them," after which they were light for her that night, that he (Smiley) seated and commenced to play,—oh, my, would be her light and her joy from that such music,—and the big foot-shaking betime forward. When Smily heard that he gan. laughed loud enough to scare AuntDrusillia's chickens off the roost and took Pet Henderson was the most popular in taste from her dainty lips while John Clark the ring play, but not so in the dance. You cast a jealous look in their direction. Uncle know there blew in all of a sudden as the Tom Morgan was in the house arranging dance began a flashy bird whom they called the barbecue and drinking a plenty of "you"Dancing Annie." She hailed from up know-what." about Penoak Creek some place and I want you to know she naturally had on the "rags." She was not pretty in the face, though tall About that time some one yelled out and graceful in form, but in the ball room "ring play," and everybody was suddenly she was queen. Every man that was presseized with the merry walk-around fever. ent wanted to talk with her at intervals, John Clark, although he had ploughed forty hoping to get to dance the next "set" with acres of cotton that week and, worse than her. But Will Lynch, who had plenty that, had been suddenly "kicked" by his best money and spent it freely, was there from girl as soon as he had come into the yard, Pig Creek and had "every devil bested" with rushed out and began to sing a ring play that fish. He danced with her on every set song, "Who's gwine to own my dad-in-law?" and talked with her between times, buying Then some one else offered another popular her all the cold drinks and sweetmeats she ring song, entitled "Make me up a ring. wanted, and she seemed not to see any other Turn!" But when that handsome Jack Sutton and tender eyed Sealy Green, arm in man in the room except Will Lynch. Jim arm, walked up and down the center of the Frieson tried seven times to get to talk to yard like two monarchs upon streets paved her and seven times she snubbed him, and with gold, singing "You can't turn the tea Jim Frieson didn't think Will Lynch was like me," they all gathered around that treating him right either, so he walked out couple, joining hands and forming a circle into the back yard and put five cartridges and the big ring began to move around. into the chamber of his British bulldog Pet Henderson, who looked "good enough to eat," wearing a red garment that fit her so pistol. well that she seemed to have been just taken In the meantime the dance was suspended out of the melting pot, came forward and for a while. Dancing Annie and Will had everybody desired her to play in the center gone out into, the front yard and, seated of the ring, because the young men were upon a big bench, were sitting so close tojust dying for a chance to be swung around gether you couldn't get a pin between them. on her beautiful arms. Jim Frieson came around the corner of the house with mischief beaming in his eyes and When the blushing moon was now high called Will to talk with him, just a minute, upon the sky and the ring players had he said. Now, Will Lynch was just a little swung and sung to their hearts' content, black man, but he was afraid of "no hueach fellow began stealing away to some man," you know. So Will left Annie just a cozy corner with his best girl and the ring moment to see why Jim Frieson wished to play was ended. Now came Uncle Tom disturb him in the midst of so much joy. Morgan's opportunity to organize his dance, After a few moments of heated discussion, THE CRISIS Will turned away from the angry Jim, whom he had refused the privilege of speaking-just one word to his beautiful butterfly Annie. Jim called him a name that my pen would blush to write but joy of Annie caught the words away from Will's ears, and he returned to the seat and sat down beside his fairy and was soon in dreamland holding her hands and listening to those sweet words like music that flowed from her lips. Now the young people, standing in large numbers on the porch and in the yard, had about ceased their courting and were moving about chatting freely with friends, as they were now getting ready to go home. Jim Frieson stood on the porch, knowing that in a few minutes all would be over and that he was a defeated "good timer" that night in that Will Lynch had got between him and the angel of his heart. His hand went to his hip pocket just as Will and Annie arose from their seat and started toward the porch. "Will," he yelled like a mad man, "I am going to kill you." As he spoke his hand shot forward holding a glittering revolver pointed at Will's head. Bang! bang! barked the British bulldog. Will's hat flew off and he went reeling backward and fell to his knees. Everybody was thunderstruck by the sudden occurrence. Annie screamed. So did the other girls as each one sought for cover behind someone else. Some of the young men who were a little hasty in their conclusions, actually jumped the fence and went running-like jack rabbits down across the stumpy field. Uncle Tom came rushing out of the door directly behind Jim Frieson just as Will, having drawn a small revolver, was taking aim at him. Ping! ping! went the little piece of artillery. Bang! the British bulldog barked again. Uncle Tom caught a sharp pain in his left side. Annie, who was at that time bending over her Will to see if he was hurt, was seen to throw up her hands suddenly and sink down to the ground dead, with a bullet in her brains. At this time the two scrappers were overpowered and their guns taken away from them. "Come and take me up from here, don't you see I am dead as a door nail?" cried Uncle Tom as he lay on the porch where he had fallen. "You are not dead, Uncle Tom," the young men told him kindly as they picked him up. "I guess I ought to know" returned Uncle Tom confidentially. "Tom! Tom! is you shot?" screamed Aunt Drusillia. "Shot all to pieces, honey," groaned Uncle Tom. It was the first time he had called her honey in twenty-five years. "Yes, baby," continued Uncle Tom, crying. "These young-devils have killed an old man like me." Uncle Tom was right, they had killed him. Before the physician could reach the place the old dancer had passed away in the same room where he had been calling figures an hour before. When the officers arrived on the horrible spot, forsaken then by all except Aunt Drusillia, tw lifeless bodies of Annie and Uncle Tom, they held the inquest over the dead, handcuffed Jim Frieson and Will Lynch, and drove away toward the county jail, leaving the remains of "poor Annie" resting on the cooling board by that of Uncle Tom. In deep sorrow they could hear the solemn words of Aunt Pashie Sutton ringing through the mournful forest: "The way of the transgressah is hard!" A MOTHER'S NEW YEAR RESOLUTIONS JOSEPHINE T. WASHINGTON. playthings, nor puppets, nor personal pos REALIZING , as never before, the magnitude of the mother's mission, and sessions of any sort whatever; but immortal feeling my weakness under the weight of its obligations, herewith, at the dawning of the New Year, in humble and prayerful spirit, I subscribe myself to the following Resolutions: I will remember that my children are not beings, loaned by God, to be taught and trained and fitted each to fulfill the purpose of his existence. I will study my vocation, the sacred vocation of motherhood, striving to make myself more proficient, learning from wise men 125~ THE OUTER POCKET and from life how best to deal with the little ones entrusted to my care. I will live with my children not merely for them; since such companionship is worth more than divergent ways, marked by needless sacrifices on the one side and a growing selfishness on the other. I will respect the individuality of my children, and not try to change their temperaments, furnish their opinions, nor choose their callings—nor their mates, when the time comes for such selection. I will do whatever lies in my power to give my children sound bodies, for physical vigor is an asset, the value of which scarcely can be overestimated. I will provide for my children both work and play, believing as I do that they are equally essential to a full and harmonious development. I will lead my children not only to love the best in books and art, but, likewise, to rejoice in all the beauty of earth and sea and sky—in the song of the bird, the glitter of the dewdrop upon the grass, the murmur of the wind among the trees, the quiet tints of the greyest day, as well as the glowing I will aim to keep ever before me the colors of the most brilliant sunset. great truth that the mother's responsibility I will impart to my children the facts of begins long before her babe is placed in life, that they may look with reverence upon her arms; and, consecrating myself anew their bodies; thinking God's thoughts after to the glorious calling of motherhood, I will Him as they learn of human relations, and, endeavor so to live and grow that should in the years to come, labor for the enlightenother children come to me, they may be ment of those who sit in darkness. dowered with a richer heredity. Th e Outer Pocket COWARDS? Winnipeg, Canada. EL L me, what have become of the ME N amongst our race? Are we forever to be a race of cowards? I am astonished that THE CRISIS, a magazine which I have always read and admired because of its boldness and courage in raising the issue of the white man's (particularly the Southerner) injustice toward our people, advocates the continued loyalty of the Negro in the present crisis that faces the world to-day. How can the men who are interested in the publication of your magazine plead for a nation that shows us so little favor? Only to-night I have just read of the further outrages upon my people in East St. Louis. If I had been one of that number, rather a thousand deaths would I have suffered ere I had turned my back on those white vultures. God! Give the men of my race the courage to fight back, and if they must die, let them die as ME N and not as hunted animals. FREDERICK HART WILLIAMS. In relating the East St. Louis incident to a colored religious gentleman, to get his ideas of the crimes committed, I was told by him that had he been there he would have just prayed to the Lord to save him. Enough said he would have been numbered with the slain. Fifteen hundred National Guardsmen sent to quell the riot reported 126 THE CRISIS that they were helpless to cope with the mob and were disarmed by young girls and women—some class for the uniform, wonways excludes the African and thefrom his calculation. The nationsthe organized nations of the world, Asiatic  of are the Europe, der what cousin Bill (The Kaiser) would say to see that in print, and the glorious American Army coming over to fight him. The State of Illinois has colored militia, objects of his love and solicitude. The blacks, the yellows and the Hindus (who are neither the one nor the other) are out of • consideration. They do not fall in his the Federal Government has colored regiments, but it would be a shame to send one purview. He has no thought for them. He wants them to continue as beasts of burden, of these regiments to quell a race riot, the girls and women wouldn't be so successful and only a third of the number sent to East St. Louis would be necessary to quell any for the benefit of his fellow whites. He has not a word of sympathy for the black victims of his white countrymen. He is mum about Memphis and East St. Louis. race riot that starts in America. The bravery of the white man is only shown where he is in the majority, then he is a lion; and to hear him boast would make one think when angered he would move mountains, but if he sees death staring him But he is mistaken. The European dominance over Asia and Africa is not more than 200 years old and by the grace of God it shall not last for more than a century at the most. And then the day of retribution will my many years of service in the thein the face he is as meek as a lamb. During come. The future is with colored  Army I have had the pleasure of witnessing a people. They are able-bodied, brave and great deal of the white man's bravery on industrious. They do not lack in brains the battlefield. But the answer to where and are eager to learn. They are still vircan the black man get just treatment is gin. Let them keep away from the vices right here in the United States, but you of civilization. Let them unite and organ-have got to fight for it like the red man A VOICE FROM THE ORIENT. and other men that have a right to live. This old pleading and praying at the hands Franklin, Pa. of a murderous mob don't save you, and the I wonder why, in your enumeration of talk of getting the right man in office has Negro military leaders, on page 60 of the got to be a fish tale, a white man is a white June CRISIS, you do not mention the very man, many good promises are given you greatest of them all, Antonio Maceo, the until he has secured the office then he forCuban general? I know he is sometimes gets you exist. spoken of as "part Negro," but, as a matter of fact, I greatly doubt if he had a drop of A FRIEND. white blood in his veins. I never saw any sign of it. The Europeans want the black people, I had the honor to command in the Cuban all right. They are eager for their labor, Army of Liberation a corps known as the for their fields, even for their women, but "Black Rifles." I organized it in the army they do not want them to learn the use of General Gomez, at first with a few white of firearms and be trained as soldiers. The men in it, and later eliminated them, and it British want the Hindus, their labor, their was entirely composed of Negroes. I commoney, their markets, their services, but manded that corps under Gomez; for a few not as fellow citizens. The Americans and weeks under Maceo, again under Gomez, the Europeans are now after the Chinese, and finally, until the close of the war, under though international jealousies and the po Garcia. In all, we were under fire a hunlitical position of Japan have made it im dred and forty-six times in seventeen possible for them to grab China and treat months, and in a hundred and twenty-six it altogether as their property. actual fights. Never once during that time did a single soldier of the colored troops prove himself anything other safe America has gone to war to crush Germany, to make the world than foraAnglo-Saxon good who rules at the White House and gives soldier and a brave man. long sermons on the rights of small nationDuring the few weeks when we served alities, on the blessings of democracy, and under General Maceo I came to respect him on abstract notions of right and justice alvery highly. Given the opportunity, he would have proved himself a very great THE OUTER POCKET 127 man, not only as a soldier but as a statesman. I shall never forget a remark he made one night when some of his officers were raising the question, "What will we get out of it?" He was sitting by the tire listening to them and suddenly he lifted himself and said: "I'll tell you what we shall get out of it. We shall get a country where little children will laugh as they play around the cabin door and sing as they toddle on their way to school." It was less than a week after that when he was killed leading a charge. I have never ceased to regret that before that day the Black Rifles were separated from him and sent back to Gomez, for, had we ridden with him (we were mounted) as we did in more than one fight, the outcome would have been different. I expect to take part in the present war and I have told the War Department of my willingness and desire to command colored troops, not because I think colored troops should necessarily have white officers, but because I know I can make magnificent sol diers out of Negroes. GUILLERMO MA C FERGUS. HAMPTON. New York City. HAVING been a student at Hampton for five years, I thank you for your letter to Miss J. E. Davis. (From a Student). Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania. Your letter on the Hampton situation makes the matter very clear and convincing to me. I find myself puzzling over the possible—or impossible—reasons for so strange an attitude on Hampton's part. The white people supporting it are most generous with their purses, but singularly narrow, it would seem, in their intellectual and social vision. (From a White Woman.) "With the Colors." The coming generation is bound to demand a different policy of Hampton Institute. Sir, your editorial on Hampton is excellent. . . . As I am a graduate of Hampton, I trust you will not glean from my words that I am disloyal to my Alma Mater. I am not. I am ready to fight for Hampton's welfare. Nevertheless, I must congratulate you for putting into words the thought of thousands in regard to Hampton. (FROM A GRADUATE) Woodmere, L. I. Your article on Hampton in the November is positively the truth. It is the  CRISIS best summing up of that institution that I have yet seen. It would take some time to discuss at length the many reasons I have for the above statement; however, I might say that I have studied—silently—for sometime the methods, the teachers, and general aims of Hampton; and have, also, had personal contact with some of her most generous donors of the North. It grieves me to say that I have gradually come to realize "the truth about Hampton." It is hard to have one's confidence so sadly shaken, and very bitter to speak the truth against one's Alma Mater, but for the sake of those coming after me, I cannot sit in untruthful silence to what I feel is an injustice to the ambitious and talented members of our race. My own personal struggle in trying to make college entrance in New York is proof enough for your statement regarding the actual time and money that is practically wasted in order to make good. (A Hampton Graduate). THE MEMPHIS SUPPLEMENT. Memphis, Tennessee. SAY "NIGGER" YOU HAVE SAID LOTS MORE THAN A BRUTE SHOULD SAY. COME DOWN ; W E WIL L SHOW YOU WHERE TH E E L PERSO N TRE E IS. NO FIRE THER E NOW JUST PLENT Y ROPE. COM ENIGGER, EASY. W E WIL L SE E TO IT. (ANONYMOUS.) THE SILENT-PROTEST-PARADE. Atlanta, Georgia. HAV E read with inspiration reports of the "Silent Protest Parade." I think it is wonderful and wish that it might be repeated in many northern and border cities, then the southern cities. We must now very speedily become free, or saddle slavery upon ourselves for the next one hundred years. The ability of us United States Negroes to break the shackles now will answer to a large extent what will be the rating of Negroes the world over, and what will be the fate of the Negro in Africa, for he will necessarily become the great burden bearer of European exploitation after the war. Shall we make him a free burden bearer or a slave? JOHN HOPE. Men of the Month THE LATE R. L. BROWN A SEER OF BEAUTY RICHARD LONSDALE BROWN died of pneumonia in Muskogee, Okla., last month. The loss to the Negro race and to the world of art is very great. He was scarcely twenty-four years of age. He came to New York with his portfolio under his arm in 1911, and asked George de Forest Brush, the famous artist, "Do you think I can ever become an artist?" Brush looked at his work. "You are an artist," he said. Mr. Brush and The National Association for the Advancement of Colored People undertook to help the boy. Eventually he had was England, an exhibition on Fifth Avenue in the Ovington galleries which netted him a sufficient sum to begin his studies. He studied in Boston and in New York, helped with the pageant, "The Star of Ethiopia," in New York, Washington, and Philadelphia, and then started on a trip to see what beauty he might find in the South. Alone and unattended, he found death in Oklahoma. Some of us, perhaps all of us are to blame that Richard Brown was not given a better chance to develop a gift which some of the greatest artists called wonderful. A STUDENT LUCIUS LEE JORDAN, Professor of History and Economics at Straight University, New Orleans, died October 27. THE LATE L. L. JORDAN He was a graduate of Atlanta University and of Harvard University, where he took his degree cum laude. He was a careful student and a man of great force of character and unwavering probity. A CHILD OF THE UNDERGROUND RAILROAD THE escape of William and Ellen Craft the Abolition agitation. Their daughter, Ellen Craft Crum, widow of the late Dr. W. D. Crum of Charleston, S. C , formerly United States Minister to Liberia, has recently died at Charleston. Mrs. Crum born in edu cated in Massachusetts, and lived her influential and cheerful life in South Carolina. She was stricken with the same African fever that killed her husband, and after years has succumbed to it. A LEADER OF WOMEN MRS. FLORENCE RANDOLPH, who has been made president of the New Jersey State Federation of Colored Women's Clubs, is a minister of the A. M. E. Zion Church and president of the Home and Foreign Mission Society of that church. She was born in Charleston, S. C , and educated at Avery Institute. She early came to New York to live, and was ordained as a deacon by Bishop Walters in 1901. She attended (Continued on page 133) 128 MRS.MBS. FLORENCE RANDOLPH META V. W. FULLERDR. C. C, JOHNSON  THE FRANCIS W WAND  LATE MRS. ELLEN C. CRUM 129 COURT MARTIAL O F SIXTY-THREE MEMBERS OF THE TWENTY-FOURTH INFANTRY WU S. | In Gift Chapel, Fort Sam Houston, Texas. Trial started November 1, 1917. Brig.-Gen. Gen Thirteen of the Defendants were hanged, December 11, forty-one sentence 130 ON TRIAL FOB. RIOTING AND MURDER OF SEVENTEEN PEOPLE AT HOUSTON, AUGUST23, 1917 Copyright by W. C.Lloyd K. Hunton, presiding;; Colonel J. A. Hull, Judge Advocate; Major Harry S. Grier Counsel for defense to imprisonment for life, and four for short terms; five were acquitted. 131 (ABOVE) KING GEORGE OF ENGLAND REVIEWING TH E CHIEFS OF TH E SOUTH AFRICAN LABOR CORPS IN FRANCE. (SEE PAGE 145) (BELOW) BLACK TROOPS OF KINGSTON, JAMAICA 132 'TAINT NO NEED O' the Ecumenical Conference in London that same year, and has since preached and lectured. A MEAT INSPECTOR FRANCIS WALTON WAND was born at Owego, N . Y., twenty-four years ago. He is a recent graduate of Ohio State University, and has just been appointed by the United States government as meat inspector in the Chicago stock yards at a salary of fourteen hundred dollars a year. A PHYSICIAN CHARLES CATLETT JOHNSON was born in Orange, Va., in 1860, but he grew up in Washington, D. C. He was graduated from Howard University in 1885, and received his degree in medicine in 1888. For twenty years he practised medicine in Columbia, S. C , and since then has WOMEN WORRIN' 133 practised in Aiken and operated a drug store. He is well known among the Masons and in fraternal orders, and is a leader of the colored people in this state. A SCULPTOR META VAUX WARRICK FULLER was born and trained in Philadelphia. She won five free scholarships in succession at the School of Industrial Art, and then studied sculpture in Paris for three years, her last instructor being the great Rodin. Her work has been exhibited at the Paris salon and at The Academy of Fine Arts in Philadelphia. has just been presented by Loie Fuller to the Cleveland Art Museum. Mrs. Fuller, who is the wife of Dr. Solomon Fuller, a well known alienist, is carrying on her work in Framingham, Mass. 'TAINT NO NEED O' WOMEN WORRIN' By WAVERLY T. CARMICHAEL TAIN'T no need o' women worrin' bout DOSE sorry men. Dey jest like a paper bag w'en it's full o' win'. Dey will call us sugar pie an' will treat us nice Till dey git us horn' wid dem fur to be dere wife. Things will go 'long very well fur a week or two Den you'll see 'em settin' 'round frownin' atter you; 'Tain't no need o' women worrin' 'bout dese sorry men, Dey jest like a paper bag w'en it's full o' win'. See dem walkin' 'long wid you, holdin' to yo' arm— Don' you mind 'em, dat's a stunt, dey are full o' harm. Dey -kin tell de biggis' lies most you ever seen, An' kin pet an' honey you like you was a queen. One caught up wid me las' night, strutin' wid a cane, Rais'd 'is hat an' gin a bow, "How'd do Mis' Lizer Jane?" I didn't axe him how he done, which wus a hint to him Dat I perfer'd a paper bag w'en it's full o' win'. You better keep yo' eyes on dem, dey'll fool you if dey kin', Den go eroun' an' make dere brag to all de other men; Dey'll come eroun' an' talk sweet talk an' dey won' let you res' But let 'em git you fur a wife, dey'll beat you outer bref; W'en you see dey ain't no good, jest let 'em pas' on by, Cause sho' as you fool 'long wid dem,—dem fools'll make you cry! 'Tain't no use o' women worrin' 'bout dese sorry men, Dey jest like a paper bag w'en it's full o' win'. If I ever marry one, he sho' is got to work, I'll not work myself to death w'ile he set an' shirk; Many women are today sleepin' in dere graves 'Cause dey work demself's to death like dey all was slaves. But w'at you think of Jacob Quinn,—he is mighty nice, An' you kno' I's promis' him I would be his wife; Let me stop my crazy talk, I kno' I love de men If dey are like a paper bag w'en it's full o' win'. The Looking Glass LITERATURE and that the Northerners were no good any GILBERT CHESTERTON writes: "For there is no real hope that has not once been a forlorn hope." Duffield &amp; Co. announce "The Negro in Literature and Art," by Benjamin Brawley of Morehouse College. We have received Volume 1 of the very interesting "Encyclopaedia of African Methodism," by Dr. R. R. Wright. It is a folio of 392 pages, containing a large number of photographs and a careful index. It might naturally be criticized for its not very critical selection of material and poor illustrations; but when one knows the extreme difficulty of collecting the material and the delicacy of the task for many reasons, Mr. Wright and his helpers are to be congratulated. Al l members of the A. M . E. Church ought to own this volume, and we trust that succeeding volumes will follow at an early date. "The Law of Human Progress" by Henry George is being distributed for fifty cents by The Public. The life of the late Bishop Turner has been written by Dr. M. M. Ponton in a small volume of 173 pages. "The American Jewish Year Book" for 1918 is, as usual, full of information. It takes up, among other things, the matter of Jewish rights at international congresses, a subject of interest to Negroes. We have received the following letter from a private in Company "L " of the Sixth Massachusetts Militia. This colored company has recently been transferred to Camp Greene, Charlotte, N. C : "They are trying to keep the Negro soldiers out of the Y. M. C. A. building, and have succeeded with the help of Captain Pryor! He had them bring over some of their things to our mess shack, so that we would not have to go over to their building. "Don't worry about me. Of course, there are some men down here that can't relish looking at us, but just as sure as they start anything with us they will come to grief. One of them is in the hospital now because he had too much mouth. He was telling-some men of the Sixth Massachusetts how they were going to shoot up the 'niggers,' how. He did not know who he was talking to, but he soon found out when they threw him into the incinerator. " A conductor got fresh with one of our men on the car, but two of the Maine Heavies on the car saw that no harm was done. We have a few here, the Maine Heavy Artillery, the Second, Fifth, Sixth and Eighth Regiments are all with us. They have informed us of the fact. We feel different down here, but there is nothing to worry about." SEGREGATION AND THESUPREMECOURT COMMEN T on the recent Supreme Court decision is not widespread but emphatic, so far as the favoring papers are concerned. One, of course, expects this of the eastern papers, like the Springfield Republican, which says that the decision is: Of importance not only as affecting the progress of the Negro race in this country but as strengthening a principle of our fundamental law upon which the welfare of all of the people depends. Right of access to the soil is a fundamental one; exclusion from it by law, whether the soil be an infertile farm or a desirable residential district, would be a peculiarly marked limitation of equal rights before the law. The unanimity of the Court's decision makes it all the more impressive, and the impressiveness is the Chief Justice is a citizen of Louisiana —and Justice McReynolds of Tennessee. The Boston Herald regards the decision as: One of the most important decisions on the race question that the Supreme Court has handed down since the Civil War. The Christian Register, organ of the Unitarians, says that this is: The most important event in the history of the colored race in this country since the Proclamation of Emancipation. It establishes the right of a colored man to be a man. It confirms to him one of the fundamental rights of citizenship, the right to legal use of property legally acquired. It reaffirms what was already thought to be settled when slavery was abolished byConstitutional slavery and the wish to re-establish it in some form was not abolished. The effort to legalize segregation was, in substance, an effort to enforce slavery, and the main motive underneath that effort was the wish of members of one race to subjugate the members of another. 134 135 THE LOOKING GLASS Even the Brooklyn Eagle, which is not because of race, creed, or color.Discriminations always square, says: We are glad that this decision has been reached without any division of the Court. It is pleasant to think that judges from the South, from the North, from the West, Democrats and Republicans, concur in enforcing the reconstruction rights of the seems dumb; St. Louis had from the begin colored people under the FourteenthAmendment. Factional or sectional juggling with organic law by court interpretation is one of the most serious perils of any republic. Many of the western papers are also sympathetic, like the Chicago News: This court decision is a victory for those principles of liberty and democracy to which this republic is dedicated and for which Americans of all races, colors, and creeds are preparing to fight and die on European battle fields. The problems that arise from race antagonisms must be solved within the fundamental law, patiently, slowly, amicably, and justly. The far-going implications of the de cision are noted by the New York Evening Post which says that: As in the case of the "grandfather clause" laws to disfranchise colored men, the Supreme Court has again shown itself a true bulwark of the liberties and rights of the colored population of the United States. By this last decision it has dealt a severe blow to those reactionaries in the South who seek ever to force the Negro into a position of inferiority and to add immeasurably to his difficulties of earning a livelihood and living a useful and respectable life. When the Berea College case was decided by the Supreme Court in favor of the Kentucky law forbidding the co-education of the races, it seemed as if this great tribunal had definitely placed itself on the side of those who would degrade and depress our colored citizenship. That decision, Justice Brewer said, made possible a law forbidding Jews from going to market except during certain hours. Monday's decision makes it certain that there will be no "reservations" for Jews or Negroes or Chinese, or any other of our racial groups. For this there are millions today giving profound thanks and taking new hope as they bear the heavy burdens of the disadvantaged. The Pittsburgh Gazette Times adds: Determination of this case is timely. The United States is engaged in a war to settle forever the rights of man in the world. America stands for liberty and freedom, conditions that cannot be modified by any considerations of race, creed, or color of skin. We can insist upon liberty and freedom throughout the world only if we grant them within our own jurisdiction. Lincoln said the world could not be half free and half bond. Nor can it be secure from equally evil caste domination if unjust restrictions are placed upon a part of the people will have to go, along with the crushing of the Prussian system, if we are to reap the full fruits of the victory we shall win on the battlefield. We look, of course, to the cities chiefly involved for significant comment. Louisville ning a strong division of opinion, and the Post Dispatch is complacent: The demand for segregation was a property demand. In the case of Louisville, it was shown that for fear that some property would be depreciated the Negro citizens, comprising one-fifth of the city's population, would be crowded into one-eighth of the available area. This would have meant degradation, disease and a stimulus to crime. The segregated district would have been a menace to the whole city. The tendency is the same in St. Louis and other cities. It is a good thing that the Supreme Court has put an end to the movement. Cities cannot flourish on a basis of short-sighted disregard for principle and the rights of their citizens. Reedy's Mirror while satisfied wants it understood that Negroes are to have no "social equality": There will always be social segregation of Negroes and laws cannot prevent it. Poverty, black or white, will always be segregated. The Republic is a bit grouchy and seeks to turn public attention elsewhere: Assuming that the last word has been said on the ordinance, there is still much to be done in conserving real estate values. More real estate has been reduced in value by bad town planning than by movements of the Negro population. It was not the Negroes who made the "blighted district" north of Union Station, and a good deal of depreciation that was charged to the Negroesthat turned a mile of Olive Street into a region that is always on the verge of vice or really vicious. Baltimore is angry and has made several silly proposals to bring the Supreme Court to its senses. The City Solicitor reasons thus: In other words, the Supreme Court agrees that a colored man may be subjected to the humiliation of being ordered out of a car, but holds a property right sacred, even though no damage would result from its enforcement, except to the neighborhood in which the colored man insists upon having a residence. The rock-ribbed South is, as usual under such circumstances, wary and watchful. The Charleston News and Courier thinks that:. While the decision of the Supreme Court would seem to settle the present impossi THE CRISIS bility of accomplishing race segregation in Yet the same court has decided over and cities by law, the support which the idea over again that states and municipalities has found in many cities, of all sizes and may separate whites from blacks in railroad widely scattered, illustrates a very general stations and trains, street cars, schools and endorsement of the idea which underlay cemeteries, and the same Fourteenth these various ordinances. It would be a Amendment is just as insistent upon "the very unfortunate thing if Negroes in the equal protection of the laws" as it is upon cities whose segregation ordinances have any property right whatsoever. been invalidated, should get the impression The other, the Saginaw, Mich., Courier as a result of the Supreme Court's decision Herald, looks forward, and the colored peothat they can run counter to this idea and can flout the sentiment behind it. The adple of the United States should look with it: visability of passing segregation ordinances This right has been explicitly denied to has been doubted by many southern white colored men in the southern states; and men. There is no disagreement that the thus far no issue has ever been framed in conditions which gave rise to these ordia manner to reach the Supreme Court upon nances should be guarded against. We bethe naked question which is at stake. The lieve that this is recognized by the wiser present decision indicates the trend of the Negro leadership and concurred in as well. Court's mind; and it is the duty of the colored man and his friends now to proceed The New Orleans Times Picayune says: to test the greater question. The decision settles the questions at issue and nullifies the ordinances passed.Communities that wish to put in force any MASSACHUSETTS AND WEST racial segregation will have to do it as it VIRGINIA is done in Louisiana, by public sentiment and mutual agreement and concessions. IN refusing to extradite an accused Negro, John Johnson, Governor McCall said to As is so often the case, the real spokesGovernor Cornwell of West Virginia: man of the Bourbon fire eater is found in "The Massachusetts statutes require that the Southerner who is writing editorials demands for rendition of fugitives be refor the pro-German Evening Mail, New ferred to the Attorney General for an investigation as to the legality and expedi York City. This has the usual southern ency complying therewith. The case was determination to break the law: carefully heard and some unusual features The result will probably be that a way which it possessed, and especially the sugwill be found to break the law. That is the gestion that there was danger of lynching fate of laws that are based upon fictions, or of an unfair trial, led to a very painstakshams. As the result of the civil war we ing and careful investigation which was enfranchised the Negro. We gave him conducted by the Assistant Attorney Genequal voting rights with the white man. eral in charge of requisition cases, who is The poor ignorant refugees from slavery, a very able lawyer and has, also, had very tools of demagogues and corruptionists, important experience as prosecuting attorbade fair to sink the South into a state of ney in one of our largest counties. He has anarchy and ruin. The South was saved just made his report to me. He reports because the states passed voting laws which that the real facts of the case had been nullified the federal enactment. grossly exaggerated at the hearings before him and that primary sources of evidence The Chicago Herald echoes this faintly: which should have been resorted to before Practically, however, conditions will not indictment had not been probed at all. He be greatly changed. Segregation ordinances finds that exaggerated reports of the crime are a recent development. Segregation as have been generally circulated in the coma municipal custom is, however, of long munity and that on account of the nature standing. Generations before the separaof these reports and the race of the defendtion of the races was crystallized into law ant, there exists a prejudice which would be Negro residence districts were well defined difficult, if not impossible, of control by the in most southern cities. The annulment of most upright judge. He finds that there is the ordinances will not affect materially this grave danger that the defendant may be situation. Social influences will continue convicted of a crime of which he is in fact to erect barriers without the sanction of not guilty and for which he might suffer alawmakers or courts. long term of imprisonment or even the death Two papers make interesting comment,— penalty. In view of all the facts of the one, the New York World, looks backward case and what seems to him danger of a serious miscarriage of justice, he recomand expresses some surprise: mends that the defendant be not returned. It must have been easy, therefore, for the Supreme Court of the United States, in de"I have no doubt, Sir, that mob law or ciding one of these cases, to hold unanithe unjust enforcement of the law would mously that as the police power had been be as abhorrent to you as it is to the history exercised in this instance in violation of of "the splendid State of West Virginia, property rights guaranteed by the Constitutionwhich to whites nobility as well as origin was in the of its blacks it and in  in conflict with the Fourteenth Amendment, the enrichment which it has imparted to which speaks of life, liberty, and property. our citizenship ranks among the great States of the Union. I have full confidence THE LOOKING GLASS 137 that if the case were regarded and facts such as have been brought to the attention of the Attorney General were brought to yours, you would take action similar to that which he recommends. In the history of some of the greatest States of the Union there is far too much of gross injustice and the denial of rights of our citizens of African descent. This surely is not the time ^ labor situation at the recent meeting when any discrimination in the administration of justice should be permitted against a race which is bearing its full share of the burdens of our social fabric and furnishing many thousands of men who are training themselves to fight for their country. When American soldiers are fighting upon the battlefields of Europe for the freedom of the world we should exercise special care that as far as possible injustice should be banished from our own border. The trained officer who has considered this case for the Commonwealth having reported against the return of the defendant, I feel compelled to act accordingly, very greatly as I regret not to grant any request made by your Excellency." The Boston Herald says : Since we cannot know the facts as to this colored man's guilt or innocence, or what would have happened to him had he been turned over to West Virginia, we can only discuss the question on such general lines as these: Does the South deserve this slight from Massachusetts? Was it expedient to administer it? Can we afford to risk provoking retaliation? To these questions we think the affirmative able to present some case. Justice has palpably broken down in the South, so far as the Negro is concerned. There may, then, be a remedial value in such a hint as this from the North, just as the migration of Negro laborers to our section has doubtless quickened the southern conscience to the realities of its position. We ought, besides, to indicate to West Virginia that her officers sent here to recover lations between the white and colored races the fugitive cannot in our jails impersonate so accurately browbeaters and ruffians. The Buffalo Enquirer pertinently adds a few days later: Governor McCall of Massachusetts a few days ago refused extradition in the case of a Negro fugitive from West Virginia justice, giving as his reason apprehension that the Negro might be lynched on arrival in that state. The Governor of West Virginia deemed that action an affront to his state and it certainly was not giving the "full faith and credit" in each state "to the public acts, records, and judicial proceedings of every other state" commanded by the national Constitution. It was a declaration that West Virginia could not be trusted to grant justice to the fugitive. jail, proves that Governor McCall correctly understood West Virginia. He is entitled to an apology from the Governor of that state. SOUTHERN LABOR SIDE LIGHTS were cast on the southern of the American Federation of Labor at Buffalo. The special correspondent to the New York Evening Post says: What is the actual relationship of the southern white man to the southern colored man, in the wage-working class? This question was threshed out for two hours, yesterday, when the delegate from the San Francisco Labor Council offered a resolution by the International Negro League, denouncing the treatment given the American Negro, especially in the South, and calling for fair play for him. After a veritable torrent of protest from delegates from the South, who said that the resolution was an insult to their section and would merely stir UP new antagonisms, the report of the committee, shelving the whole matter, was adopted. Delegate Murphy, of San Francisco, explained, during the outburst, that the San Francisco people knew little about the Negro questionSouth knew about the Japanese question. But he had been instructed to introduce this resolution offered by the InternationalNegrothat body in getting colored men, brought to San Francisco to break a strike of culinary workers, to join the strikers. Through the entire discussion, which was heated in tone whenever the South was mentioned, there ran an evident anxiety on the part of the southern men to avoid any further advertising of the old industrial re in their section. The northward migration of Negroes in the past two years seems to have effected a change in the comparative status of white labor at the South, and the southern trade unionist to have been made to realize that henceforth there must be cooperation in place of friendly patronage. The white trade unionist is not yet ready to restore political power to the Negro, but he recognizes the Negro's economic and industrial power as a portentous fact. The italics are ours; also, we have italicised some words from the Laundry man's Guide, Atlanta, Ga., which is rejoicing over the presence of sixty thousand soldiers: To handle such a deluge of new work necessarily involves the best kind of executive management and co-operation on the part of the Atlanta power laundries, but we believe they are equal to the emergency if West Virginia had a right to feel aggrieved until the shooting to death of an given anything like a fair show by the unidentified Negro in the Berwind jail by military powers that be. Since colored help a mob Wednesday night. The lynching of is so largely employed in southern laundries that Negro, though under arrest and in and wage and hour restrictions are as yet THE CRISIS an innovation, the extra help required no MISCEGENATION doubt will be forthcoming. In this regard H E " Listener" says in the Boston the South is greatly favored and the south ern laundry industry enjoys a rare advanTranscript : tage. It is a curious and suggestive fact that PICTURES 1917, the year of the Russian revolution, AN interesting exhibition of pictures by is the centenary of the graduation from college and beginning of the phenomenal Negro children has been held by the productivity of the phenomenal Pushkin, Circle of Negro War Relief at the Coady the founder of Russian literature—poet, Gallery, Fifth Avenue, New York.Twenty-ninedramatist, novelist, historian. pictures were exhibited, done by un BeforePushkin, trained colored children varying from seven remarkable thing is that with all its splen did evolution in innovating styles, Russian to thirteen years of age, and living in one of literary art has never outgrown or aged the poorest quarters in Brooklyn. Mr. Pushkin. " He is the first," says Professor Coady says in a circular: William Lyon Phelps of Yale, " and still the most generally beloved of all Russian poets. The wild enthusiasm that greeted This exhibition of pictures by Negro his verse has never passed away." The children is held for the purpose of calling great five Russians, whose place in the attention to the Negro, to his contributions world's literature is pronounced absolutely to the culture of the past and present, to secure, are Pushkin, Gogol, Turgenev,Dostoevsky,his service to the nation in all our wars that he took Russia out of the artificiality and to the needs of Negro families whose of the eighteenth century and showed the men are now serving in the United States possiblities of native material in the native Army and Navy. tongue. There is not one of the great stars There was a Negroid element in most of the Russian constellation who did not art epochs up to that of Greece and Rome. fervently insist that Pushkin was his in It was as much the Negro influence as any spiration. Indeed, he had a fostering hand other in Spain which E l Greco found helpin the work of all of them, from Gogol to ful in his development from a Venician to Tolstoi. For the other remarkable thing the father of the Spanish school. The about the Russian literature which has capwhole of modern art has been strongly intivated the world is that it is all comprised fluenced by the Negro. Cezanne had Negro in this hundred years from Pushkin's enblood in his veins. Picasso and Gris, both trance upon the field. In the same time, from Afro-Celtiberian Spain, have based American literature has had its noble exemplars, but it has not produced a single their work primarily on the Congo. More name that the world pronounces with the than any others it was Johnson, McVey, same respect it does any one of Russia's and Langford who opened the eyes of " great five." France, which first saw Poe, to the aesthetic possibilities of boxing, and elevated "The Manly Art" to the same plane of appreciation as grand opera, over there. The Negro has been a vital element in Now Pushkin—it is interesting to rememour young culture and has already given us ber just now. while America is horrified the Minstrels, the Cake Walk, the Buck and and humiliated by the anti-Negro "pogrom" Wing, Syncopation—in fact all of our muin East St. Louis—was what would have sical developments. What are you going to been called in that part of the State of give him? Abraham Lincoln, a " nigger,"—that is to E. W. Powell writes in the New York say, while he had " white " blood, his father Evening Mail: having been of an old and noble Russian That there are vast undeveloped artistic family, figuring much in history, his mother reserves in the Negro cannot be doubted. was a granddaughter of Peter the Great's He has already given us the only distinctive favorite Negro—obviously much more than American music, the old plantation melothe necessary quantum of that magic fluid,dies, and a notable number of French writ ers and artists have had the Negro anceswhich Booker Washington used to point out tral strain, the Dumas and Gauguin coming had such potency that a single drop outto mind at once. He certainly has a rich weighed, in this country, a whole skinful emotional quality lacking—and perhaps of the other kind. Whatever the blood needed—in the northern temperament, and was in Pushkin, he was a prodigy from his amid fostering influences will produce, it is youth. At the age of twelve, he had maspredicted by his champions, great regenertered four or five languages and was conative poets, musicians and artists. versant with the works of Voltaire,Rousseau,Whatever his future, the presence of the ing languages is quite universal in Russia Negro is America's great internal fact, a and this almost uncanny gift is what makes sign of which is the anthropological invescosmopolitanism a striking feature of the tigation, which has an inevitable sociologiRussian character. cal bearing, begun this fall at the Museum of Natural History. The Horizon MUSIC AND ART. MR. ROLAND W. HAYES, tenor, gave a song recital at Symphony Hall, Boston, Mass., on November 15, before an overflow audience. Mr. Harry T. Burleigh, the composer, came from New York to accompany Mr. Hayes in the singing of a group of "Negro Spirituals." Mr. William Lawrence, the accompanist for the evening, gave much pleasure by his beautiful accompaniments, sympathetically played. The press gave splendid reviews of the concert in which emphasis was laid upon the singer's gift of interpretation. The Boston Transcript says: "Although Mr. Hayes never forced his voice, it was always equal to the auditorium. It is of great lyrical beauty, warm and mellifluous of tone, supple of inflection. The softer tone quality is finer and more stirring than the full and dramatic; the pitch of the highest notes is not infallible, but such limitations are not grievous. Not only is his voice remarkable, his interpretative power is still more important." C Mr. Clarence Cameron White, violinist, was heard lately in a number of concerts that included a visit to Virginia Seminary and College at Lynchburg, Va., on October 29. A very successful recital was given on November 2, at Baltimore, Md., for the benefit of Morgan College. Mr. White was assisted by Miss Cleota J. Collins, soprano, who sang numbers by Gounod, Saint Saens, Sanderson, J. Rosamond Johnson, H. T. Burleigh, and Coleridge-Taylor. Mr. White's offerings included Coleridge-Taylor's Ballade in C Minor, and numbers by Saint Saens, Burleigh, Filipucci-Hartmann, Lederer, Dvorak-Kreisler, Cui, and a composition of his own " A Negro Dance." Mr. Henry Lee Grant was the accompanist. C Twenty-five hundred public school chil dren gave a community concert on November 5, at the Athletic Field of Central High School, Louisville, Ky. The singing was under the direction of Miss Mildred Bryant, Assistant Supervisor of Public School Music. The program, a diversified one, was attractively arranged. College on November 23. He was assisted by. Miss Eleanor Stevenson, soprano, Miss Margaret Scureman, reader, and the College Orchestra ft Under auspices of the Urban League of Savannah, Ga., a Community Music Festival was held on November 20, at the Savannah Theatre voices sang Negro melodies under the direction of Professor R. W. Gadsden. Mme. Anita Patti Brown, soprano, sang the "Jewel Song" from Faust, and the "Mad Scene" from Lucia di Lammermoor, as well as a group of modern songs. C The December number of the Musical Observer, a New York magazine, contains an article on "Creole Music of America," contributed by Maud Cuney Hare. ft Mme. E. Azalia Hackley presented the Harlem Chorus of two hundred voices in a folk song festival at the Washington Irving High School in New York City, November 27. Compositions of colored composers only were rendered. ft Emilio de Gogorza, a baritone, sang at Aeolian Hall, New York City, recently. His program included many of the great composers. The New York World says: "But the audience liked best the five songs forming the third and last group, but one, especially, J. Rosamond Johnson's I Told My Love to the Roses,' which Mr. de Gogorza was obliged to repeat. In this song, which like those surrounding it was given in English, the singer excelled in the variety of his tone color and in a genuinely expressed feeling. The closing phrase, with its beautifully sung pianissimo high note, was be yond reproach." THE WAR. MRS. Lottie B. Jones of Tenleytown, D. C , has five sons serving in the United States Army. Two were formerly on the detective force of Washington, D. C , and are now Captain and Lieutenant, J. W. and Paul W. Jones, respectively; C. A. and T. L. Jones are chief petty officers in the Navy; W. W. Jones is on an Army transport. Dr. William Jones, formerly in the Navy, and John Jones, a graduate of Harvard, now a railroad engineer in Brazil, are "two more ft Mr. Kemper Harreld, violinist, of Atlanta, Ga., gave a concert at Morehouse who are willing to go anytime they receive 139 (ABOVE) PROPOSED COLORED Y, M. C. A. BUILDING AT ST. LOUIS, MO., BEING ERECTED AT A COST OF $180,000 (BELOW) INDUSTRIAL SAVINGS BANK AT ELEVENTH AND YOU STREETS, WASHINGTON, D. C. JOHN W. LEWIS, PRESIDENT: W. A. BOWIE. CASHIER 140 141 THE HORIZON a call." Mrs. Jones is making her own $47,400; Camp Pike, Ark., $70,000; Boy Service Flag. Her husband, John B. Jones, Scouts in Philadelphia, Pa., Troop 109, sold was a lighthouse keeper at Old Point Comfort, Va. He died a few years ago. $3,000 worth; through the Maryland Council of Defense wher C Campaigns for the Y. M. C. A. War Work has resulted in ten thousand dollars from forty Negro colleges and secondary schools. Hampton and Virginia Institutes gave one thousand dollars each. C Major General Doyle and Public Service Commissioners Straus and Whitney reviewed the Fifteenth Colored Infantry, under Colonel William Haywood, in Central Park, New York City. C Brigadier General C. C. Ballou of the National Army, who was commandant of the Training Camp of Colored Officers at Fort Des Moines, will command the Ninety-second Division of the National Army, composed entirely of colored men. This division will probably be mobilized at Camp Funston, Kan. The command of the division will carry advancement to the grade of Major General. The various units of this division will consist of infantry regiments ers in Kansas City, Mo., $107,800; employees of the Empire, Ala., Coal Company, $1,550; thirteen employees of the United States Arsenal, St. Louis, Mo., $1,500; the Mutual Savings Bank, Portsmouth, Va., passed the $25,000 mark; The Reynolds Colored School, Philadelphia, Pa., $3,700; Anthony Richardson, a farmer in Sumter County, S. C , $1,000; Solomon Young, of the A. M. E. Zion Church, Rochester, N. Y., $5,000; a colored washerwoman in Philadelphia, Pa., $250; Kansas City, Mo., through a special committee headed by Dr. W. J. Thompkins, colored citizens purchased $120,000 worth; American Woodmen,Denver, cers from Fort Des Moines, $75,000. C A Rally Concert was given in New York City, November 25, for the American Circle for Negro War Relief, Mrs. EmilieHapgood, were H. T. Burleigh, Burr Mcintosh, and Dean William Pickens; Bryce and King, Grace LaRue, and Abbie Mitchell. A from Illinois, Iowa, New York, and Maryland, under Colored Choir of Colonels Caldwell, Bush, Moss,  hundred and United one and Jackson. Three field artillery regiments from New Jersey and Maryland will be commanded by Colonels More and Austin. One regiment of engineers will come from Ohio under Colonel Brown and divisional trained troops from Kansas under Colonel fifty voices, under the direction of J. Rosamond Johnson Quartet of the Music School Settlement gave numbers. The Circle for Negro War Relief has headquarters at 489 Fifth Avenue, year. Co-operation with the Red Cross is being arranged. Miss Caroline Bond is or Jenks. Al l the company officers from Captain down will be filled by colored men. ganizer. C The Twenty-fifth Infantry, stationed in Hawaii, led all the other Army units there in contributions to the Liberty Loan, contributing $174,600. . C The Union League Club, New York City, had among its guests Thanksgiving Day one hundred and fifty Negro soldiers. C Mr. and Mrs. Nathan Straus, at their home on Thanksgiving Day, in New York City, dined with fifty Negro soldiers from Camp Upton. C Governor Hugh Dorsey received as his guests a party of Georgia's colored officers from Fort Des Moines, including one C. Negroes all over the United States helped generously in the Liberty Bond Loans. Colored soldiers subscribed as follows: Twenty-fourth Regiment, $100,000; 1,290 men at Fort Huachua, $130,350; Eighth Illinois, $133,200; 536 men at Bisbee, Ariz., (L V. W. Tandy has been commissioned as Major in the New York National Guard, and appointed mustering officer. C The school for colored medical officers at Fort Des Moines, la., has been closed and nearly one hundred physicians and dentists have received their commissions. ' Six were sent to Camp Upton, six to Camp Dix, three to Camp Meade, three to Chillicothe, Ohio; four to Camp Grant, three to Camp CaptainDodge, and forty-four and ten to Camp Lieutenants.  Funston. (I The following staff has been appointed by the War Work Council of the Y. W. C. A.: Miss Eva D. Bowles, Special Representative for all Colored War Work; Misses Josephine V. Pinyon, Special Field Worker; Mary E. Jackson, SpecialIndustrial 142 THE CRISIS ft The colored Mechanics Savings Bank of Worker, South Central Field; Adele F. Ruffin, Special Worker, South Atlantic Field. Richmond, Va., reports deposits of $277,The local workers are Mrs. A. W. Hunton, 524. Its total resources are $330,560. Girls' Work, New York and Brooklyn; Miss MEETINGS. Alice Shores, Petersburg; Mrs. Hannah C. Smith, Camp Upton, and Miss Genevieve THE State Federation of ColoredWomen's Lee, Camp Upton. Paris with one hundred and fifty delegates. ft The fifth conference of the Association ft Mayor James M. Curley of Boston, Mass., of Colleges for Negro Youth met in Atlanta, who is a candidate for re-election, and who Ga. Eleven presidents and deans of coloffended the colored people by allowing "The ored colleges were in attendance. Birth of a Nation" to be shown, has given C The fiftieth annual session of the Maryland Stat a dinner at the Parker House to fifty colored men. vened in Baltimore, with over two thousand teachers in attendance. Unless theLegislatureft Thirty colored soldiers of the FirstSeparate Company of Maryland have bee teachers there is fear of many vacancies in prison for refusing to act as hostlers at the school system. A petition will be sent Camp McClellan, Ala. to the Governor. INDUSTRY. MANDEL BROTHERS, one of thelargest department stores in Chicago, ft The sixth annual meeting of the National LeaguIll., announces the employment of colored Negroes was held in New York City. elevator operators. ft The Albemarle Conference of the A. ft Colored men are being employed to run M. E. Church has sixty churches and raised electric trucks in the Armour Company's thirty thousand dollars in the past year. , yards in Chicago, Ill. ft Custodians, janitors, and engineers of EDUCATION. colored schools in Washington, D. C , have THE Westinghouse Electric andManufacturingCompanyorganized and been admitted as a branch Pa., has opened a night school for its hunof the American Federation of Labor. dreds of colored employees. They are ft Miss Jennie Collins, formerly an usher, taught shop arithmetic, English, manufacis now telephone operator at the Palace turing methods and materials, blue-print Theatre, Chicago, Ill., a position formerly reading, and hygiene. held by white labor. ft A force of fifty colored carpenters were ft Because of the increase of fifteen hun employed on the Government cantonments dred Negro pupils, the Lincoln Graded at San Antonio, Tex., at $6.70 a day. School in St. Louis, Mo., for white children, ft Negro women have replaced male baghas been changed to a school for Negro gage truckmen of the Pennsylvania Railroad children. at Ridley Park Station, Philadelphia, Pa. ft The Missouri Baptist Association raised ft The American Federation of Labor at at its recent convention twelve hundred its Buffalo meeting recognized certain coldollars for Macon College, and one thouored helpers' and laborers' unions in the sand dollars to assist needy Negro students South and authorized for the first time colfrom Missouri attending the BaptistTheological ored organizers. White Southern delegates acquiesced in the plan. C In Baltimore, Md., the tax levy for 1918 C The Avalon Hosiery Mill of Elizabeth contains an appropriation for a new City, N. C, is employing forty-five colored twenty-four room school building for Negroes girls as knitters and will have one hunft Tuskegee and Hampton Institutes have dred girls by February 1. The girls start been bequeathed five thousand dollars each at $3.50 a week and may eventually earn by the late Mr. Richard Black Sewall of from seven to eleven dollars, a wage far Boston, Mass. below union standards. C The Dare Lumber Company of Elizabeth City, N. C, is using colored women instead C The late Mr. Robely D. Evans, of Boston, of men in its shingle department. THE HORIZON 143 C Plans are under consideration for the establishment of schools at all cantonments for illiterate Negro drafted men. (I Morgan College has been celebrating its fiftieth anniversary. Among the honorary degrees conferred were Doctor of Science upon W. A. Warfield of Freedman Hospital; Doctor of Pedagogy upon J. H. Lockerman; Doctor of Divinity upon W. H. Brooks, M. W. Clair, W. A. C. Hughes, J. U. King, and M. J. Naylor. The Governor of the State took part in the exercises. SOCIAL PROGRESS. A TROOP of colored Boy Scouts has been registered in Louisville, Ky. Dr. Wilson Ballard is Scout Master. C Utica Institute, Utica, Miss., has recently lost, through fire, its main boys' dormitory. C Out of thirty appointments by the United States Government as special veterinary assistants at the stock yards in Chicago, Ill., fifteen are colored. C The Catholic Hill School, an institution for the education of colored children in Asheville, N . C , has been destroyed by fire. Ten children were burned to death and others injured. Three hundred children were in the three-story building at the time. C Samuel 0. Ozborn has built an eighteen thousand dollar apartment house forin Atlanta, Ga. It contains eight separate apartments of four rooms each with bath. G A playground for colored children has been provided for in Jacksonville, Fla., by the city. C. Only six out of twelve hundred men at the officers' training camp at Fort Des Moines had any trace of syphilis. C Football scores are reported as follows: Hampton 26, Petersburg 6; Tuskegee 19, Morehouse 6; Union 3, Hampton 0; West Virginia Institute 7, Howard 6; Union 16, Howard 0; Tuskegee 14, Talladega 0;0; Lincoln 7, Howard 0; Tuskegee 20, G Negro citizens of New Orleans, La., have raised over twenty-three hundred dollars toward a fund for the establishment of The Provident Sanitarium and Training School for colored nurses. The Times-Picayune has received $426 additional. The Colored Trades Council, composed of carpenters, bricklayers, plasterers and painters, has offered to work one or two days free in the construction of the hospital. ( Birth statistics issued by the Bureau of United States Census record for 1915, 12,405 birth ing 600,821 colored people, which is a rate of 20.6 per thousand, as compared with a rate of 25 for the whites. One hundred and eighty-one deaths of infants under one year of age per one thousand births were recorded for colored people, as compared with ninety-nine for whites. The report says: "It is possible, however, that the registration of births is not as complete among colored as among white persons and that, therefore, the rates shown for the former class are too low." C Mrs. Annie West and Mrs. N . Howe of Springfield, Mass., have secured damages of twenty-five dollars each against a five and ten cent store which refused to serve them at the soda fountain because they were colored. G A playground for colored children has been opened in San Antonio, Tex. C A survey of the colored people of Newark has been made by Mr. W. M. Ashby. Ten families were found with an average in come of $21.90 a week out of which an average rental of $11.05 a month had to Negroesbe paid. in the recently burned colored district The housing conditions have been brought to the attention of the authorities and a movement for improvement is on foot. C The Louisiana Railroad Commission, after granting a hearing to the colored peo ple, has issued an order directing the rail roads of the State by May 1, 1918, to pro vide better service for Negroes who travel. The New Orleans Times-Picayune says that the "Jim-Crow" cars have been "utterly unfit in many cases and growing steadily Worse." C Over forty thousand cans of fruit and Atlanta 12, Talladega 6; Hampton 7, Lincoln vegetables have been put up by twenty-one Atlanta 8. community clubs of seventeen hundred peo ple, organized under the M. E. Church of Brookhaven District, Mississippi. G A central figure at the historical pageant given at Fort Smith, Ark., was Judge Robert Fortune wit prisoners. Fortune was one of many powerful black deputy marshals in early Oklahoma days. G Harry S. Keelan, a chemist in the re THE CRISIS City Council, Eleventh Ward, Cleveland, O., search laboratories of the HookerElectro-Chemical Company, Niagara Palls, N. Y., for the third time, against four whitewould like the names of colored chemists and chemical engineers who would be interested in forming a national association. d The Circuit Court of Baltimore has ordered that the Donovan Trust Fund of sixty thousand dollars, yielding about sixty-five hundred dollars a year, shall not be transporting Negroes to Liberia and for providing schools. The case will probably go to the Court of Appeals. d A community center, embracing about one-fourth of the District of Columbia, has been formed by colored people, meeting at the Dunbar High School. d The Richmond Branch of the N. A. A. C. P. is moving for better schooling facilities in the city. d A colored restauranteur at Fostoria, 0., has been fined one hundred dollars and costs and ordered to take down a sign which read, "Colored Trade Not Wanted." d It is reported that Negroes are still leaving Alabama for the North, especially around Dothan. d The seventy-fifth anniversary of Shiloh Baptist Church, Philadelphia, Pa., has been celebrated by the installing of a new pipe organ which cost ten thousand dollars. The Reverend Mr. A. R. Robinson is pastor. PERSONAL. CAPTAIN OLLIE DAVIS of the Ninth United States Horse Troops, now stationed in the Philippine Islands, has been promoted to the rank of Major in the Second Squadron of his regiment. (I Miss Willie M. Hatcher, R. N., of C Miss Eva Burleigh, a sister of Harry Burleigh, the composer, and herself a prominant social worker, died suddenly in New York City. d Colored men were recently elected to office as follows: Richard A. Cooper, re opponents; Dr. Sumner A. Furniss was elected to the City Council of Indianapolis, Ind. d Essex DeLoath, a colored man intable, for use in hotels, restaurantsboarding houses. It is being exhibitedthe Richmond Manufacturing Exhibit. News Frederick A. Sumner as president and conferred honorary degrees as follows: Doctor of Divinit William Harvard Holloway; Doctor of Letters Stanley Braithwaite; Master of Arts on Colonel Charles Young and Jefferson G. Ish. C Miss Eva Mulford, a colored woman, has been appointed a visiting nurse for the Newark, N . J., Board of Health. d Walter F. Gerrick, a junior in the medical school of the University of Pennsylvania, admitted to membership in the Zelosophic Literary Society of the school, which has been established for eighty-eight years. d David LeRoy Ferguson, rector of the Church of the Merciful Saviour, Louisville, Ky., has obtained leave of absence for a year to do Y. M. C. A. work in France. d The Reverend Mr. T. J. Searty, pastor of the Metropolitan Baptist Church,Memphis, tended by thousands. d Robeson, the giant colored football player at Rutgers College, was the hero of the game between Rutgers and the Newport Naval Reserves, and has already been named by certain writers for the"All-America" Decatur, Ala., and a graduate of Hale Infirmary, Ministe Newport and at d Talladega College, at its semi-centennial turned over to the State or to theColonization Society. The fund was created for in November, inaugurated the Reverend Mr. of the Emergency Hospital at Camp Sheridan. d Julius C. Johnson, Deputy Grand Master of the Odd Fellows, is dead at Baltimore. d A testimonial reception has been given to Dr. J. E. Moorland at Washington, D. C, who has finished twenty-five years as inter national secretary of the Y. M. C. A. d The remains of the late James L. Curtis, United States and funeral services were held in New York and Chicago. d Alexander C. V. Cartier, for thirty-three years a priest of the Episcopal Church, is Bergen County, on the Republican ticket; dead at Philadelphia. Thomas W. Fleming was re-elected to the elected a member of the City Council,Philadelphia, Pa.; in Englewood, N . J., Dr. d Dr. A. Clayton Powell of New York City has celebrated the twenty-fifth anni THE versary of his ordination to the Baptist ministry. C A pageant was given in honor of Mr. N . B. Dodson, who for twenty-five years has been superintendent of the Concord Baptist Sunday School, Brooklyn, N. Y. The school is graded, with six hundred pupils and fifty-two officers and teachers. During his service Mr. Dodson has raised $14,335. FOREIGN in concert in London as soprano soloist. One of her own song compositions appeared upon the program. C Eugene Bullard of Columbus, Ga., twenty-two years of age, volunteered in the French Foreign Legion in 1914. He was twice wounded at Verdun and has the Croix de Guerre, a much coveted decoration for bravery. After six months in the hospital he has enlisted in the Aviation Corps. C A committee, of which the Reverend Mr. Charles A. Tindley is chairman, and Doctor W. F. Graham and the Reverend Mr. W. G. Parks are members, is appealing for funds for relief of the colored people of the Island of Grand Cayman, B. W. I. The island was visited by a violent hurricane, September 24. The property loss reached $300,000. Nearly all the houses and crops were destroyed. C News from Haiti says that the operating room of the new hospital in Port-au-Prince has been completed. Contracts have been made for electric light and power companies in the capital and at Cape Haitien. Haiti has sent to Havre, France, during 1916: 125,124 sacks of coffee, 21,309 pounds of hides, 308,192 pounds of honey, 104,582 pounds of cotton, 852,604 pounds of cocoa, 11,827,118 pounds of campeche, and 483,958 pounds of cotton seed. (I The Reverend Dr. Majola Agbebi has died in Sierra Leone at the age of fifty-seven. He was a native African of the Ijesla Tribe, was educated in Mission schools, and was head of the native Baptist Church. C During the recent visit of the King and Queen of England to France they reviewed the African Labor Contingents. There were Kaffirs from various tribes, splendid looking men. King George said: "I have much pleasure in seeing you who have traveled THE young daughter of SamuelColeridge-Taylor lately made her debut Julio Arjona of Panama in November by HORIZON 145 so far over the sea to help in this great war. I take this opportunity of thanking you and your comrades for the work done in France by the South African Labor Corps. Reports have been given me of the valuable services rendered by the natives of South Africa to my armies in German Southwest Africa and German East Africa. The loyalty of my native subjects in South Africa is fully shown by the helpful part you are taking in this world-wide war." C A reception was tendered Senor Don more than two thousand colored laborers. Among other things, they protested against rents which they are compelled to pay. Senor Arjona promised to look into the matter. (I One of the chief planters of the Island of Barbadoes, Alexander Ashby, has left an estate worth $250,000 for public purposes. This is the only public bequest sinceCodrington CRIME. GOVERNOR HUGH M. DORSEY of Georgia has offered a reward for the conviction of "night riders" who have been terrorizing Negro autoists. C A colored woman in Augusta, Ga., shot and killed Earl Harmon, a white private, for robbery. d In Etowan County, Ala., Andy Mason, a white man, has been sentenced to ten years' imprisonment for the murder of a colored man, Walter Wafford. C Leroy Griggs, a white man, in Baltimore, Md. Allen McLane to two years' imprisonment for assaulting a colored woman. C Will Henderson, a colored man, accused of attacking a white woman at Bradentown, Fla., wa a mob while in the hands of a deputy sheriff. C The following lynchings have taken place since our last record: Quitman, Ga., November 10, Jesse Staten, shot to death. A n "insolent" letter to a white woman was the alleged cause. Another Negro is missing. Welch, W. Va., November 22, unidentified Negro shot to death, charged with attacking a white woman. Dyersburg, Tenn., December 2, Ligon Scott, burned to death. He was accused of attacking a white woman. 146 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Alabama 443 Alaska. 36 Arizona 201 Arkansas 1207 California 1681 Canal Zone 1112 Colorado 471 Connecticut 722 Delaware 229 District of Columbia 1333 Florida 1105 Georgia 1924 Hawaiian Ter. 556 Idaho 31 Illinois 2843 Indiana 894 Iowa 335 Kansas 1159 Kentucky 760 Louisiana 1308 Maine 34 Maryland 997 Massachusetts 1990 Michigan 962 Minnesota 407 Mississippi 522 Missouri 1625 Montana 160 54,ooo Copies of TH E CRISIS, includ ing a second edition of 6,ooo, for Decem ber have gone to states, territories and foreign countries, as shown in the mar gins of this page. CIRCULATION FIGURES ARE GROWING The World War is the opportunity of the Darker Races and The CRISIS should be read by millions. HOW YOU CAN HELP 1.	 Show your CRISIS to friends and ask them to give you One Dollar for a year's subscription. 2.	 Write to us for agent's terms. 3.	 Recommend to us live, wide-awake agents, who will devote a portion or all of their time canvassing for subscriptions or selling single copies. They can earn from $2 to $5 per day. 4.	 Organize a CRISIS club of five or more new yearly subscribers and get your own subscription free. 5.	 Ask your Church, Society or Club to help us put The CRISIS in the hands of the Negro soldiers. We will explain details if you write us. The CRISIS, a monthly magazine, is the organ of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People. As such it fights for our rights without compromise. Constructive as well as critical, beautiful in picture and make-up, written in the King's English, it is a succinct and accurate Record of the Darker Races. Address: The CRISIS 70 Fifth Avenue New York City Nebraska 234 Nevada 17 New Hampshire 10 New Jersey 2223 New Mexico 253 New York 3751 North Carolina 1912 North Dakota 17 Ohio 2826 Oklahoma 800 Oregon 131 Pennsylvania 5750 Rhode Island 209 South Carolina 1664 South Dakota 7 Tennessee 965 Texas 2277 Utah 74 Vermont 7 Virginia 3567 Washington 342 West Virginia 955 Wisconsin 76 Wyoming 46 Philippine Is. 49 Porto Rico 22 Virgin Islands 212 Foreign 748 Mention TH E CRISIS 147 Completes 	Your Life -Line STANDARD LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY ATLANTA, GEORGIA Is the only regular old line legal reserve life insurance company Began operation in 1913. Has a paid in capital of $125,000.00 Has additional protection to policyholders of over $130, 000.00 legal	 reserve. Has insurance in force of over $5,000,000.00. Issues policies from $250 to $5,000 on all modern plans. Has paid policyholders since organization over $60, 000,00. Has paid to Colored Physicians nearly $40,000.00. Has paid to agents and employees, all members of the race nearly $90,000.00. Has outstanding loans to Colored people secured by real estate amounting to $80,000.00. Operates in 9 States and employs 200 agents, and 36 clerks and stenographers in its offices. Is helping to bring about the economic emancipation of the race and deserves by its clean business methods the patronage and co-operation of all thinking people. STANDARD LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY Home Office	 ATLANTA, GEORGIA Mention TH E CRISIS SOUTHERN AID SOCIETY OF VIRGINIA, Inc. Sells Insurance That Protects Insurance that covers the whole field of life's emergencies in one policy: Sickness, Accident and Death, and perpetual in payments for disabilities. Of all investments that of insurance is the safest, because it pays at the crucial moment—it is not subject to the money market or the rise and fall of stocks and bonds: but pays promptly upon the death of each policyholder. Then why not select the best that is to be had—a policy that pays every week with Southern Aid Society of Va., Inc.? Also owning and operating the Va. Beneficial &amp; Insurance Co.. Inc., at Norfolk, Va. Read a few testimonials from the thousands that are on file at home office in Richmond, Va. DREW $217.50 SICK BENEFITS and $500.00 DEATH CLAIM Richmond, Va., July 2, 1917. To Whom It May Concern: This is to certify that my wife, Mrs. Lelia V. James, 1104 Chaffin Street, was a member of Southern Aid Society of Va., Inc., for six and one-half years. During this time, she was sick on several occasions and whenever she reported her illness to the Society, she received her sick dues promptly. Her last illness extended from the latter part of November, 1916, to Tune, 1917. The Society sent her money to her bedside each week, from December 6, 1916, to June 6, 1917, and at her death paid over to me the Death Claim of $500.00. I take pleasure in recommending the Southern Aid Society of Va., Inc., to anyone who wants a sure policy of protection all through life. Respectfully yours, GEORGE JAMES. Husband. CLARENCE JAMES, Witness. $500.00 DR. THOS. A. STEVENS' DEATH CLAIM 1007 Sixth St., Lynchburg, Va. Southern Aid Society of Va.. Inc.. February 10, 1917. Richmond, Va. Gentlemen: Kindly accept my sincere thanks for your check of $500.00 in full payment of death claim of my husband, Dr. Thomas A. Stevens, who died February 6, 1917. The above named check was delivered to me Thursday, February 8, 191", by your superintendent, Mr. R. D. Burton. I shall always speak in the highest terms of your company, and pray God's blessings upon the work. Respectfully, MRS. THOMAS A. STEVENS. Southern Aid Society of Virginia, Inc. HOME OFFICE: 527 N. 2nd St., Richmond, Va. District offices and agencies in all the principal cities of the State. INSURES AGAINST SICKNESS, ACCIDENT AND DEATH. A. D. PRICE, President. THOS. M. CRUMP, Secretary. B. L. JORDAN, Asst. Secretary. Mention TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Atlanta University Studies of the Negro Problems 19 Monographs Sold Separately Address ATLANTA UNIVERSITY CONFERENCE ATLANTA UNIVERSITY :: ATLANTA, GA. The Curse of Race Prejudice By James F. Morton, Jr., A. M. A n aggressive exposure by an Anglo-Saxon champion of equal rights. Startling facts and crushing arguments. Fascinating reading. A necessity for clear understanding and up-to-date propaganda. Belongs in the library of every friend of social justice. Price 25 cents. Send order to JAMES F. MORTON, JR. 211 West 138th Street New York, N. Y. $25.00 PER WEEK may be made in commissions by parties handling "History of Negro Soldiers in Spanish- American War" combined with "History of the Negro Race." •00 pages,	 50 illustrations. Price $1.25 net. Address: E. A. JOHNSON 154 Nassan Street NEW YORK The Disgrace of Democracy An Open Letter to President Wilson By KELLY MILLER Professor Kelly Miller has written a remarkable open letter to President Wilson .—N. Y. Evening Post. A constructive proposal for suppression of lynching and race riots.— The Springfield Republican. A very fair, temperate and strong letter on a most important matter.— Senator John Wesley Jones. Agents Wanted Everywhere Ioc. the Copy Terms to Agents: SC. per copy on orders over io. Address: Kelly Miller, Howard University, Washington, D. C. The twentieth session of the Georgia State Farmers' Conference will be held at the Georgia State College on February 21, 22, 23, 1018, Farming and food questions will be discussed by able experts, For further information apply to R. R. WRIGHT, President Georgia State College, Savannah, Ga. Th e Poems of Phillis Wheatley the early negro poetess collected by RICHARD R. WRIGHT. JR.. and CHARLOTTE CROGMAN WRIGHT and arranged in an attractive volume suitable for a birthday gift. Price, One Dollar TH E CRISIS 70 Fifth Avenue :: :: :: New York GRAND COMBINATION THE A. M. E. CHURCH REVIEW Published Quarterly Reverdy C. Ransom, D.D., Editor Price $1.00 per year THE	 CRISIS Published Monthly W.	 E. Burghardt DuBois, Ph.D., Editor Price $1.oo per year These two publications are pleased to announce to the discriminating reading public a special combination by which a year's subscription to each will be sent to any address in the United Slates for $1.50. Address: TH E CRISIS 70 Fifth Avenue New York City Mention TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER PROF. KELL Y MILLER. $200 per month being made, working full time. $10 per day Dean Howard University. being made with spare time, selling Kelly Miller's new "Prog ress of the Colored People." Teachers, ministers, students, widows, wives with spare time, anyone can make $1.00 per hour. IT IS THE BIGGEST SELLER YOU EVER SAW. Everybody buys. Kelly Miller's books are in great demand. You should not miss haying this book yourself. We mail it for $1.95, postage at our expense. SATISFACTION GUAR ANTEED , or money promptly refunded. It is easy to sell. Write quick for agents' proposition, a big circular and other people's opinions FREE. Act to-day; state whether you wish agents' terms. AUSTIN JENKINS CO. A GREAT. Street LEADER 523 Ninth Just from the Press "SOLVING THE PROBLEM" Books of Distinction Lectures of the Famous Negro Orator, the late Rev. Dr. M . C. B. Mason, author of BY NEGRO AUTHORS the "Gospel Message," etc. The eight lectures in this volume include TH E BOOK S listed below have "Africa in America and Africa Beyond the Seas," with its wonderful peroration or met with instant recognition at the apostrophe to Africa which is almost withhands of the foremost literary crit out an equal in the English language. "NAPOLEON AT WATERLOO" "HEREDITY OR SOUR GRAPES" THE MECHANICAL MAKE"THE SECOND EMANCIPATION" U P follows the same high standards Mr. Alfred Flude, manager of the Chautauqua Association, Chicago, in the introducof perfection that have associated tion writes; "The volume needs no comment; it speaks for itself." ics of the day. 69 Cornhill with the best traditions of American book making. $1.25 postpaid BUY YOUR COPY NOW THEY ARE DECIDEDLY worth THE PLATFORM PUBLISHING CO. while books which you may well be 205 E . 50th Street proud to own. Fifty Years and Other Poems, THE NEGRO IN AMERICAN HISTORY by James Weldon Johnson. Contains 296 Pages, 35 Chapters, Historical Price $1.25 and Biographical, 17 Full Page Illustrations From the Heart of a Folk, by Printed on Fine Antique Book, Bound in Full Green Extra Cloth, Gold Title on Front Cover Waverley Turner Carmichael. and Shelf Back. Price, net $1.25. Postage Price 1.00 Prepaid $1.40. Order through any bookseller or direct from the author. Address The Message of the Trees, by Maud Cuney Hare (a beauti JOHN W. CROMWELL ful gift book"). Price 2.00 1439 Swann St. Washington, D. C The Heart of a Woman, by Georgia Douglas Johnson. Price 1.25 Agent s Wante dToSellGreatEpicPoemTo Postage Extra. Hon . Frederick Douglass Historical and Epigramatic. Absorbing in interest; The Cornhill Company, Publishers Inspiring] in effect; Epic in subject and replete with incident. 69 CORNHILL, BOSTON One Hundred and Eight Verses—Illustrated. Or through The CRISIS. De Luxe Edition $1.00. "Write for terms. Enclose a 3c stamp. By Dr. Iff. A. Majors, 4714 State St,, Chicago, 111. Mention TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER THE STENOGRAPHERS' INSTITUTE 1227 S. 17th Street, PHILADELPHIA, PA. Being able to take a message rapidly in shorthand and transcribing it quickly on a typewriter will fit you to be of more service to Uncle Sam than the trench-men, Men and women can help win the Wa r by just knowing how to operate a typewriter. 10,000 STENOGRAPHERS AND TYPEWRITER OPERATORS ARE WANTED AT WASHINGTON. D. C . AT A SALARY OF .FROM. $1.000»TO • $1,2001PER' YEAR Mr. Richard Hill, Jr., one of our students, was appointed last September at $1200 to start. Other students are on the eligible list. Take our Wa r Emergency 36-day Course in Typewriting—reduced to $6: 9 lessons in Fingering; 0 lessons in Letter-writing; 9 lessons in Tabulating and 9 lessons in Legal Work. Apt students operate the typewriter blindfolded at the end of the course. On January 2, 1918, new classes will tie organized in Stenography, Typewriting, Business Forms, Bookkeeping, and a Special Course in Junior Bookkeeping for school children in the 6th, 7th or 8th Grade. We do not teach by mail. We have given 1300 colored people, from the South and other places, work as domestics, free of charge. If you desire work in Philadelphia in a clerical or domestic capacity, write us, enclosing references and stamp for reply and our service will be rendered you gratuitously. EDWARD T. DUNCAN, President. WANTED—A position as bookkeeper, At Last We Have It! double or single entry or as stenoThe housewife's friend is the Arizona grapher. Address M. M. B., in care of Cook Book, by James H. Robinson. TH E CRISIS, 70 Fifth Avenue, New The most helpful cook book and a beautiful York City. 	souvenir picture of the Phoenix Indian School will be mailed on receipt of $1.00 to any place in the United States. Address JAMES H. ROBINSON, Indian School, Phoenix, Ariz. JOHN A. DYER Accountant Insurance, Mercantile, Systems; Audits a specialty. Reference—The International Accountants' Society, Chicago, 111. SUNSHINE COTTAGE 910 FAYETTEVILLE ST., DURHAM, N. C. A Rest Home for Women Convalescents and Invalids Cared For A qualified bookkeeper and stenographer, (Mrs) Corinna M. Phillips, R. N. secretarial experience and former Civil Serv 171 King Street Springfield, Mass. ice employee, excellent references, wishes po sition with firm in need of the services of a capable man. Are you wishing your friend " A Hap Address Mr. Emerson, 302 Old Telegraph Building, Detroit, Mich. py New Year"? Then send him a year's subscription to the CRISIS. Hand Made Natural Human Hair Wigs Transformations, Switches, Puffs, Plaits, Bangs, Coronet Braids, that can be combed the same as your own hair. Human hair for sale by ounce or pound. Hair NETS. We Carry the Largest Stock in Electric Combs. Mail Orders sent to any part of the U. S. or B. W,	 I. Send 2c for catalog. MME. BAUM'S HAIR EMPORIUM, Inc. 486 Eighth Avenue, New York City Between 34th and 35th Streets TH E BO N TO N WAITER—All the newest ideas which the best European and American Head Waiters know about Serving and Waiting. Price $2.00. TH E BO N TO N TAILOR—All the newest ideas which the best Tailors know about Tailoring, Dyeing, Cleaning and Pressing. Price $2.00. By DALLAS GURLEY Twenty years catered to "New York's Four Hundred" 436 Lenox Avenue New York City Mention T HE CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER French Dressmaking, Ladies' Tailoring and Millinery- Special Courses in Designing1 Copying, Draping, Making, Trimming, Fin Mme. BRIDGES' SCHOOL ishing, Cutting and Fitting. A PRIVATE BOARDING SCHOOL FOR SPECIAL TRAINING. Individual Instruction. Write for Catalog. 4221 OAKENWALD AVENUE, CHICAGO, ILLINOIS // It Is For Your LodgeWE HAVE IT! We manufacture Lodge Regalia for every Fraternal Society. Cash or Installment Plan. Cheapest Badge House in the Country. Catalogue for your Society FREE . CENTRAL REGALIA CO. The Negro Regalia	 House. JOS. L.JONES, Pres. N.	 E. Cor. 8th &amp; Plum Cincinnati. Ohio BUSTS OF Booker T. Washington, Fred Douglass, Paul Lawrence Dunbar, Bishop Eichard Allen, $1.50 each. The 4 busts for $5.00. Agents wanted. Send at once. The price of these busts cannot remain at $1.50 much longer. Order now. THE ISAAC HATHAWAY ART COMPANY 718 S. HICKORY ST.,	 PINE BLUFF, ARE. LADIES WANTED Smart, ambitious, hustling women to enter business. Clear $15.00 to $25.00 per week. Easy—pleasant. I will show you how. Dr. BELL,	 4709 State St., Chicago, 111. THE system you 	Dermo College Co. Makes you will always use An Expert in Hair after the first trial. And Beauty Culture Learn to grow and Chicago beautify the hair	 the Dermo way. 19 East 43rd St. Chicago Illinois Mention TH E CRISIS 153 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER BEAUTY AND WOMEN ARE ONE Obtain beauty or keep it by use of our New Beauty (Night) Cream. Others use mineral oils. Our Night Cream contains vegetable and animal oils, more beneficial, more readily absorbed by the skin. Marvelous .results follow its use. Cleanses, soothes, and heals. Delightfully perfumed. 75 cents per jar. FLORESSENCE MFG. CO., INC., 1919 BROADWAY, NEW YORK CITY WANTED Every reader of T H E CRISIS to send for a free trial sample of PHYLLIS HAIR DRESSING AND GROWER and literature on the care and treat ment of the hair and scalp. We wish to prove to your, own satisfaction that you can really make your hair grow long, glossy and luxurious— and free from dandruff. See how easy it is to make your hair look lustrous and live—and to keep your scalp clean and healthy. M. J. MILLER 6th and John Sts. Cincinnati, O. We are looking for a reliable, energetic and intelligent agent in each locality. Exclusive territory. Please say if you are interested in our agency when writing for sample. Tne SLAUGHTER SYSTEM Introducing LLYRA'S HAIR BEAUTIFIER A Guaranteed Food Preparation for the Hair. Price 50 cents per box. Agents Wanted. System taught by Mail or at College Mrs. E. Slaughter Gamble 3001 LAWTON AVENUE ST. LOUIS. MO. STOP! LOOK! LISTEN! If you would like to have a beautiful head of hair, try a jar of M .iu I Well's Geranium Hair Grower. A scientific scalp food and guaranteed preparation free promoting the growth of the hair. Price ..Oc per jar. For sale at leading druggists 912 Westminster St., N. VV., Wasl ir.;ton,D.C. HOTEL WASHINGTON First-Class Service for First-Class People 3427 South Park Avenue, Chicago, III. TEACHERSA LiveAgency. furnishes the connecting medium in a business teachers of the embarrassment of job hunting. We have had calls for teachers from Alabama, Arkansas, Delaware, District of Columbia, Florida, Georgia. Illinois, Indiana, Kansas, Kentucky, Maryland, Mississippi, Missouri, New York, North Carolina, Ohio, Oklahoma, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island. South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia and Wear Virginia. THE MUTUAL TEACHERS' AGENCY 1408 New York Avenue Washington, D. C. 100 CALLING CARDS 50 CENTS Calling and Business cards are good sellers at all seasons of the year. Liberal commissions. Write for samples and agent's terms. The House of Chowning, Indianapolis, Ind. Beautiful IdlewiId The most wonderfully ideal spot where young and old cast aside for the time all the cares and worries of their strenuous, nerve ranking routine lives and romp and play once more as children and enjoy to the full nature in all her wondrous glory. The waters of the lake and surrounding trout Streams axe fairly teeming with game fish of the best varieties. D o you enjoy bathing, boating, fishing, hunting? D o you enjoy roaming through the woods picking wild flowers and wild berries ? D o you want a place to go whore you can build up your health, vitality, energy and business efficiency? D o you enjoy mingling with the active, thinking, progressive) people of the day—people who do things? , D o you believe in progress and do you want to J have a part in one of the most progressive move-* merits of the time? Surely! * Tnen you will be interested In. and want to own a lot of your own in Beautiful Idlewlld, Michigan. If you act at once you can se 4 cure a beautiful lot for only $24.50 eac'.i; / $0.00 cash; $1.00 per week. When your * payments are completed tho lot will be / transferred to you by an absolute * warranty deed with abstract showing / clear title. Good live energetic agents wanted Idlewild Resort Company A 1110 Hartford Bldg. 8 So. Dearbo .i St., Chicago; 11. Mention The CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER .Ui,„ . /Central 104-W Tm Telephones: [ mi n fi, Made to HARRY E. DAVIS Your ATTORNEY-AT-LAW NOTARY PUBLIC $1.95 Order Special Offer jr to prove our fine quality: " The Be fine Pants for Dress or Business, choiceof many hand some styles, guaranteed for 18 monthssolidwear and satisfac tion or MONEY BACK, absolute $5.00 value—while they i last, one pairto a customer, B Express prepaid $[,95/, No Extra Charges No charge for Big Extreme Pee TopB or Cuff Bottoms, nothing extra for f ancyKelt Loops or Pocket Flaps, no charge for Open Welt Seams or Large Sizes—all novelty featuresFREE.This GOLD FINISHED PIN F R E E to you JJClaBsy. lapel pin with *^SenaWo« flyour first order, only a Mottea ?few hundred on hand, get yours quick. nfortakinS mcas A-«UD »Ali*eto ;V9Sn rmill9ures of relatives and neighbors. YoungGeorge Gekovich made 616 in one day. Write for free samples today. Chicago Tailors Association Dept. E 12 . S15 South Franklin Street. Chicago The 1918 CRISIS CALENDAR "Types of American Negroes" Contains an Art Cover in three colors and twelve additional pictures of Negro types with appropriate verse. Order now. But few are left. Price 25c . We GIVE it to YOU Take this fine Made to Measure Suit and don pay us one cent for We want you to get one of our r class suits, absolutely Free, Boy can show it to your friends. It wi be a biff advertisement for us If you have a little spare time, you can easily make from $35t° $50 Ev EM EK and besides that be the be dressed man in your town. It's opportunity you cannot afford overlook. Don't delay a minut Write for this Big Offer at Once Drop us a line or send us your name on a postal card and we will send you absolutely Free, our wonderful Btyle book, containing dozens of sam ples and fashion plates to chooBe from. Write Now. Everything sent Free and postage prepaid. THE PROGRESS TAILORING CO. Dept. 981, CHICAGO 1607 Williamson Building Cleveland, Ohio GEORGE A. DOUGLAS Counselor-at-Law 800 Broad Street, Globe Building, Rooms 603 and 604 Office'Phone, 3297 Mulberry KHMIJADV M I Residence 'Phone, 5277-M Market NEWARK, N. J. General Practice Notary Public WILLIAM R. MORRIS ATTORNEY AND COUNSELLOR -AT -LAW 818 Metropolitan Life Buildiof Minneapolis Minn. BROWN S. SMITH ATTORNEY-AT-LAW Offices: Suite 802 Sykes Block Near Third and Hennepin Minneapolis Minn. Tel. 54 J7 Fort HM1 Cable Address, Epben EDGAR P. BENJAMIN ATTORNEY AMP COUNSELLOR-AT-LAW 14 School Street Boston, Mass Telephone Connection W. Ashbie Hawkins George W. P. McMechen HAWKINS &amp; McMECHEN ATTORNEYS.AT-LAW 21 East Saratoga Street Baltimore, Md. Patents secured on easy terms Write for particulars. JOS. H. STEWART , Attorney-at-Law, 494 Louisiana Ave., N.W., Washington, D. C. DR. KAPLAN, Inc. OPTICIANS 531 Lenox Ave., New York Telephone Greeley 4214 Established 1911 BRANIC'S New York and Brooklyn Express Daily Trips to Harlem 212 WEST 35th STREET ANDREW J. BRANIC New York City BEAUTIFUL COLORED DOLLS JOINTED DOLLS 18 inch doll undressed with dark hair $2.00 12 inch doll dressed, without hair, $1.00 Sent prepaid to any address in the United States. Send 10c in stamps to help cover postage. Terms strictly cash with all orders. Otis H . Gadsden, 30 Church St.. Room 439, New York City. LEARN THE S. T. TAYLOR SYSTEM of Garment Cutting, Fitting, Designing, Draping, Embroidery, Hand Decoration of Garments, Dressmaking and Ladies' Tailoring. Terms reasonable. Write for Catalog S. T. TAYLOR SCHOOL AND PATTERN PARLORS Mrs. Maybel B. Evans, Prin. 34 N. Garfield Avenue Columbus, O. Mention TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS Book mart You can order through the CRISIS any book printed at the regular publisher's price. "The true University of these days is a collection of books."—Carlyle. A Selected List of Books These prices do not include postage. Postage extra. HAZEL. (Mary White Ovington) $1.00 THE AUTOBIOGRAPHY OP AN EX-COLORED MAN. . (Anonymous). 1.20 NORRIS WRIGHT CUNEY. (Maud Cuney Hare) 1.50 THE LIFE AND TIMES OF BOOKER T. WASHINGTON. (B. F. Riley) 1.50 A NARRATIVE OF THE NEGRO. (Leila Amos Pendleton) 1.50 SOULS OF BLACK FOLK. (W. E. B. DU Bois) 1.25 THE WHITE MAN'S BURDEN. (T. Shirby Hodge) 1.00 RACE ADJUSTMENT. (Kelly Miller) 2.00 HISTORY OF TH E NEGRO. (B. G. Brawley) 1.25 HAL F A MAN . (Mary White Ovington) 1.00 AFTERMATH OF SLAVERY. (William Sinclair) 1.50 M Y LIFE AND WORK. (Bishop Alexander Walters) 1.50 JOHN BROWN. (W. E. B. DU Bois) 1.25 NEGRO IN AMERICAN HISTORY. (J. W. Cromwell) 1.25 PRINCE HALL AND HIS FOLLOWERS. (George W. Crawford).. 1.00 TH E HAITIAN REVOLUTION. (T. G. Steward) 1.25 NEGRO CULTURE IN WEST AFRICA. (George W. Ellis) 2.00 THE NEGRO. (W. E. B. DU Bois) 60 TH E EDUCATION OF THE NEGRO PRIOR TO 1861. (Carter G. Woodson) 2.00 FACTS OF RECONSTRUCTION. (John R. Lynch) 1.50 LIFE AND LETTERS OF COLERIDGE-TAYLOR. (W. C. Berwick- Sayers) 2.25 POEMS OF PAUL LAURENCE DUNBAR 2.00 AFRO-AMERICAN FOLKSONGS. (H. E. Krehbiel) 2.00 OUT OF THE HOUSE OF BONDAGE. (Kelly Miller) 1.50 BOOKER T. WASHINGTON. (Emmett J. Scott and Lyman Beecher Stowe) 2.00 Address, TH E CRISIS, : : : : : 70 Fifth Avenue, New York Advertising There are twelve million Negroes in the United States. They spend a thousand million dollars every year. TH E CRISIS reaches more Negroes with intelligence and money than any periodical in the world. If you have anything to sell which these people want advertise it in TH E CRISIS. Remember that if our rates seem high it is because our service is exceptional. If you want testimonials to this, Write us. Circulation — 55,000 Beauty for Women CLEAR, SMOOTH SKIN -PERFECT HAIR FREE FREE Famous Deluxe Beauty Book, illustrated and complete. Sent to you postpaid free of charge. Tells all about the Kashmir Way and describes the wonderful methods which hundreds of women are using to get A Kashmir Girl pretty skin and hair. You can do the same. 5 or 1 0 minutes a day caring for your skin and hair the Kashmir Way will bring wonderful results. You Won't Know Yourself in a few days. WRITE TODAY DON'T SEND ANY MONEY KASHMIR CHEMICAL CO., Dept. K 4709 State Street Chicago, III. Mention TH E CRISIS