The Egoist , made Published on the 1st of each month The Egoist AN INDIVIDUALIST REVIEW Formerly the NEW FREEWOMAN No. 1.—Vol. III. SATURDAY, JANUARY 1st, 1916. Sixpence. Editor: HARRIET SHAW WEAVER. Assistant Editor: RICHARD ALDINGTON. Contributing Editor: DORA MARSDEN, B.A. CONTENTS. page Views and Comments . . . . . . . 1 Liberations: Studies of Individuality in Contemporary Music. By Leigh Henry ...... 3 Feodor Sologub (Illustrated). By John Cournos . . 4 Reviewing. By Richard Aldington ..... 5 Poems of Leonidas of Tarentum. Translated by James Whitall ......... 6 The French Word in Modern Prose. By Madame Ciolkowska ......... 7 The Cliff Temple. By H. D. ...... 8 page Little Tales, by Feodor Sologub. Translated by John Cournos 8 Six French Poets. By F. S. Flint. ..... 9 Whitechapel. By Richard Aldington .... 10 Passing Paris. By Madame Ciolkowska .... 10 Woodcut of Stuart Merrill. By Roald Kristian .. 11 French Poems. By Stuart Merrill and André Lafon .. 11 A Drama. From the Russian of A. P. Chekhov. ... 12 Studies in Contemporary Literature. By R. Herdman Pender. ......... 13 Correspondence ........ 14 VIEWS AND COMMENTS THE contributing Editor of this journal (whose regretted inability to contribute as usual to this month's issue explains the appearance of these "Comments" from an unaccustomed pen) would no doubt be not only ready but insistent as to the reason why my interest in her interesting distinction between literature and journalism, worked out in the "Views and Comments" of November 1, was more than doubled by force of the fact that the views therein expressed fitted in aptly with some reflections of my own. For a considerable time I have regarded with suspicion those sects and peoples—their ranks are multitudinous— who are bent on "rushing" theories. I should imagine there is nothing new or remarkably uncommon in the tendency to regard as suspect the seekers after disciples and followers: the propagandists, proselytizers, and missionaries in general. We are all, however, so much, and in so long a line, the children of propagandists, we are born and bred into spheres where the atmosphere is charged with honour and respect for the perpetuated Theory—that it is with a feeling of surprise and relatively late in life, if at all, that one realizes that theories not only may be, but advisedly should be treated with coldness and caution. Oddly enough, however, when once it is apprehended this attitude takes on the appearance of the most obviously commonplace: a feature apparently due to the fact that the obviousness is so complete that it overreaches itself and succeeds in practice in appearing the most obscure and remote. * * * * Leaving in abeyance all question as to "ultimate realities" and "things-in-themselves" and attempting only to trace out their manner of action in the sphere where causes produce effects, the theory, rightly handled, is in this sphere an indispensable preliminary to sound knowledge. In essence the theory is a guess at a reason: the first step in the attempt to understand any given effect and to come at its cause; that is, it is a means to an end, the end being the discovery of those undeviating sequences sometimes called truth and sometimes called law. But because the theory labours under a peculiar liability to a diversion of purpose, its use frequently leads to abuse. It is peculiarly apt to be run as a hobby, to be made into an end in itself and raised above those tests to which suspicion subjects the theory indifferently held. For if a theory is to advance beyond the status of likely guess to that of established fact or law, it must necessarily be subjected to tests—such subjection being indeed the reason for its original formulation: to suggest a method of observation and experiment from which it is intended that the theory shall emerge as something else—as established fact—or else that it shall emerge only to be discarded. Thus a theory is one of the few things whose destruction is the motive inspiring their creation. In the realm of physical science there is no great temptation or opportunity to regard the theory otherwise than with coldness and suspicion, for it is here to a great extent possible to apply rigorous tests and— the theory having served its purpose and been duly discarded for fact—to establish laws of universal validity. It is in the domain of psychological phenomena, where experimental tests can rarely be applied, where exact measurement can be obtained only within the narrowest limits, where even the most careful observation is often at fault, and where words with their shifting and shifty meanings reign supreme, that the fertile breeding-ground and true home of the perpetuated Theory—the theory become hobby—is to be found. * * * * Whether it is to this unusual destiny of destruction to which theories are born that men find it difficult to accustom themselves; or whether it is to prolong the excitement of the hunt—and certainly when theory has eventuated into fact a large part of its interest has gone—it is certain that men do not take readily to the proper (that is, the destructive) treatment of theories but prefer to harbour them as pets or hobbies, and, in the form of perpetuated and protected beliefs, to hold them as personal possessions to be watched over and ##2 THE EGOIST January 1, 1916 guarded from all assault. Accordingly where a theory has once taken possession of the mind so deeply as to have secured a niche in the affections all attempts by an opponent to oust it are almost always failures. The bias in favour of the theory is such as to render the mind impervious even to the most sustained attack. At its extremest this absorption in a theory or doctrine produces fanaticism and insanity, while a milder inoculation produces the enthusiast and the propagandist, and it may be accepted as a rough guiding rule that the greater the affection or enthusiasm with which a theory is held the more charily should it be handled by the outsider desirous only of discovering its value as a means to its bespoken end. And since the weapons of the warfare of beliefs are language, the shifting meanings of words, the fluidity and mistiness of connotation of abstract terms give the protector of any favoured theory his chance. For if it be difficult for a writer or speaker to make clear the precise meaning he attaches to a word when endeavouring to be most exact, what an opportunity is opened up for those who, far from wishing to be clear and exact, deliberately set out to raise the dust of misunderstanding! Without consciously going such lengths, the propagandist nevertheless becomes skilful at so manipulating words and phrases as to confuse the issue, and he actually measures his success by his ability finally to create a dilemma from which the only apparent way of escape is by adoption of his theory. * * * * Of an array of conflicting theories, each purporting to explain a set of phenomena exhibiting some common characteristic, the one first seized on by any individual has the best chance of prevailing as far as he is concerned, and the reason which explains this helps to explain the whole theory of the perpetuated theory. Every one probably is familiar with the apparently curious phenomenon that a fact brought to one's notice for the first time is often precursor to a surprising number of similar or related facts previously unobserved. Psychologists lay stress on the influence of the preparation of the attention in cases of this kind; in illustration of which they point out, for example, that a sound is heard more quickly if one is listening with strained attention in expectation of it than if one is quite unprepared. It does not seem improbable that a like explanation explains the prepossession which exists in favour of the early-adopted theory. The chosen theory, taking possession of the mind, acts as a stimulus to the attention, putting it on the watch for all corroborating instances—among which there slip in also those that corroborate only in show: which latter, being not too closely scrutinized, are classed and given equal weight with the former. For, owing to the unusually receptive state of the attention, it is struck by the faintest and most superficial resemblances. Faint resemblances are magnified and perhaps unconsciously exaggerated; so strong, indeed, is this tendency that it not infrequently happens that facts which in reality are in opposition to the particular theory are distorted in such a way as to take on the appearance of confirmatory evidence. On the other hand, it is considerably more difficult and needs a far stronger mental effort to take note of instances that would upset the theory. For in this case the stimulus of interest is lacking. Added to which there may be a concealed and perhaps unconscious wish not to find disturbing facts. Unless there is a deliberate concentration of the will in a firm resolve to arouse and keep the attention on the strain, and probably due also to some counteracting influence, attention fails and acute observation ceases. The net result is that in the one case the attention works of itself, while in the other in order to make it active at all it has continually to be prompted and lashed. It is therefore not surprising that instances in proof of such theory are welcome and therefore likely to abound relatively to those in disproof, or that me theory first harboured should have the best chance of success. It is for this reason presumably that the importance of "catching the child young"—as far as Beliefs are concerned—is universally recognized. With faiths early possession is nine parts of success. Childhood is the time to plant the Theory in the shape of Creeds, Moralities, Political Opinions— what-not. The belief of parent or teacher is to all intents and purposes forced on the child. It is imparted as Truth, and the child (than whom originally none possesses—or can possess—a more open mind) accepts it as such. And if by chance any question should arise as to the existence of differing sects, parties or opinions, they are easily explained away as Error. The belief grows apace in the virgin soil of the child's fresh brain, to branch out and harden into the solid wood of the tree: the impregnable Faith. No wonder that in the enormous majority of cases the man retains the beliefs of his childhood and that creeds and politics run in families! * * * * It was in view of something like the foregoing reflections that the "Views and Comments" of November 1— which distinguished journalism from literature in that the prime purpose of the former lay in the effort to impose a doctrine—took on their special interest. Though the spirit of journalism is undoubtedly rampant and grows ever more and more aggressive, there are far more people for whom curiosity about human nature has a fascination than the superficial aspect of affairs would suggest. They have the literary rather than the journalistic bias, but are beguiled by the ubiquitous nature of the journalistic spirit, and under the influence of clamour are led away into "causes" and "movements" in spite of themselves. However rough and ready the distinction may be, it is an advantage to be able to remember that the writer of genuine literature is no theory-lover, not primarily the defender of an opinion for its own sake but carving only to get understanding of his kind, let it be ugly or pleasing: content to inquire what men are, without hampering himself overmuch with foregone conclusions as to what they should be. As it is, on the other hand, an advantage to bear in mind that the followers of all movements and causes have of necessity a greater desire for the dissemination of their faith than for an examination into its foundations, the white heat of fervour with which they preach being usually equalled by their lack of the wit to discern the flimsiness of the basis on which they stand. The really devout of all religions and moralities are scarcely ever even capable of inquiring into the origins of their beliefs, about which for protection they have drawn tightly the thick veil of the Sacred, and this none but an impious hand would dare to lift. * * * * I suppose it is the nature of the "Theory" which explains why journalism must be journalism—ephemeral and brief: a tale told for a day and a day only. It explains too why propagandas faint and fade after enjoying their brief day. Brevity is of their nature. One necessarily becomes bored with a propaganda, if not with the propagandist. One is so well aware that however far from his pet theory the latter may start he will inevitably work round to it before the finish. Like the hawkers whose Pills are the cure for all Ills, one knows that the universal panacea of the particular journal of a particular faith will be offered one, no matter of what nature one's heartache may be. One knows, for instance, that for every emergency under heaven the Spectator (at least in normal times) will offer as remedy free-trade and economic non-interference; and the New Statesman, collectivism of the "Webb" brand. The Suffragists recommend the vote; the New Age insists on guilds; the New Witness sees Heaven on the far side of some political scandal, after some scapegoat shall have been offered up in propitiation; whilst of late all these advocates of Social Pills have sung together in united chorus, seeing salvation in the damning of the "Northcliffe Press" and—buy our Pills! And if we claim any distinction for THE EGOIST it is because it has—as a friend who desired to see us flourish as a Popular Penny Paper regretfully informed us— failed to evince the journalistic instinct. It has skirted ##January 1, 1916 THE EGOIST 3 all movements and caught on to none. That is its distinction and one which we aspire to retain. THE EGOIST is wedded to no belief from which it is unwilling to be divorced. To probe to the depths of human nature, to keep its curiosity in it fresh and alert, to regard nothing in human nature as foreign to it, but to hold itself ready to bring to the surface what may be found, without any pre-determination to fling back all but welcome facts—such are the high and uncommon pretensions upon which it bases its claim to permanence. HARRIET SHAW WEAVER. LIBERATIONS* STUDIES OF INDIVIDUALITY IN CONTEMPORARY MUSIC No. IX. Fantaisiste Spirit in Modern French Music I THE spirit evinced in the works of the modern French school of Fantaisiste poets has served to produce one of the most proline movements in contemporary literature; a movement which, while essentially French in origin, embodies an attitude to, and a conception of, art which, by reason of their sanity and rejuvenative force, are already exercising a palpable effect on the art-developments of other nations, and will, in all likelihood, attain a general influence. But at present, as is natural, it is in France, the country from which this influence emanated, that its widest operation is apparent, and in all probability this will remain so, allowing for proportionate developments, even when the spirit of the movement has attained more universal familiarity and wider acceptance. For La Fantaisie, apart from its present artistic association, is the expression of fundamental psychological characteristics inherent in the French nature. Throughout the poetry of France, from Charles el'Orleans, through François Villon, Ronsard, Du Bellay, La Fontaine, Gautier, Gerard de Nerval, Theodore de Banville, Paul Verlaine, Arthur Rimbaud, Jules Laforgue, and Paul Fort, to the present school of Fantaisiste poets (Guillaume Appollinaire, J. M. Bernard, René Bizet, Francis Carco, Claudien, Tristan Deréme, Fernand Divoire, Fagus, Max Jacob, Tristan Klingsor (Ledère), Alexandre Mercereau, Jean Pellerin, Charles Perron, Louis de la Salle, André Salmon, André Spire, and Paul-Jean Toulet), one can trace its manifestations, together with the development of its mental scope and expression. It is, indeed, as M. Alphonse Séché declares in "Les Caractères de la Poésie Contemporaine," "one of the most constant traits of French poetry, a characteristic which may be said to be one of the essential marks of our national genius." But while so intimately connected with French temperamental characteristics and impulses, this spirit, in its latest manifestation, as represented by the modern Fantaisiste school of poets, evinces qualities which, potentially, greatly exceed any mere local expression of racial traits or peculiarities. It is almost impossible to obtain words in English which convey the precise sense of the words "Fantaisie" and "Fantaisiste" in French. The significance of our words "Fantasy" and "Fantastic" would not fulfil the function of an accurate translation. These indicate elements far-fetched, strainedly imaginative, or ridiculous; thoughts and conceptions grotesquely singular; incidents impossible or improbable; or, in the most acute meaning, things regarded from a standpoint mentally perverse, or things lunaire, as illusory as the wildest old myths and superstitions. Such things are usually born of neuroticism, decadence, or deliberate affectation, and generally imply a tendency towards abstraction or sentimentalism in those conceiving, or [*We are glad to say that Mr. Leigh Henry, though still a prisoner of war, finds he is now able to send the remaining articles of this series, of which the first eight numbers appeared in THE EGOIST in 1914 and are still obtainable.—Ed.] influenced by them. Fantaisiste work, as apparent in the creations of the modern movement, is invariably distinguished by an extremely conscious and intimate note, and by an equally marked, direct association with the actuality of contemporary life. But this connexion with tangible things is always intellectual, or emotionally personal, and in no way inclines towards the detailed chronicling or laboured reconstruction of details which characterizes the greater part of realistic work. La Fantaisie is nothing if not creative, in the most imaginative sense. But this imagination is not of the old dreamlike, romantic type. Emotion and passion are not lacking, even in their most personal aspects, but the Fantaisiste is never at the mercy of his temperament. Subtle reflective thought, together with delicate analytical and correlative perception, are almost invariably present in all Fantaisiste conceptions, though never demonstrated by the discernible mental process which renders many introspective works both ponderous and tedious. Sanity, and a certain cool acceptance of the facts of life are always evident. "By nature," to quote M. Alphonse Séché once more, "La Fantaisie loves frankness and ease; sometimes it wears the costume of the dandy, at others the picturesque habiliments of Bohemia." Nor docs this love of ease and grace ever degenerate into affected postures or sentimental ennui. Irony and satire, the expression of a sane sense of relative proportions, are among the most marked characteristics of the Fantaisiste movement, and serve to counteract all undue emphasis and preserve its mental equilibrium. M. Henri Clouard, distinguished for his ardent advocacy of the new French conception of classicism (an idea differing greatly from the common acceptance of the term), views the new Fantaisiste movement as a mental triumph in art; a victory over the rhetoric and sentimentality of romanticism, and the abstruse complications of symbolism. The full potentialities of such a movement are impossible, as yet, to exactly discern, but its value as a new lyrical force is immediately apparent on reference to the works of the poets advocating the new conception. In the tendencies of Fantaisisme are discernible the signs of a fresh, sane and essentially modern realization of decorative sources, functions, and possibilities. With the modern incarnation of the spirit underlying Fantaisisme, decoration has ceased to be an abstract, meaningless jugglery with colours, forms, words and sounds. It has attained an intellectual significance; a significance directly derived from the complexity of sensibility which has come about in the modern consciousness. The Fantaisiste, while always delicate and graceful in expression, does not treat decoration as an end in itself. Perceiving the decorative outlines and features of actual life and experience, he conveys them through the intensifying medium of his own personal preferences, his characteristic rhythmic and chromatic responsiveness and force. The angles, contours, and shades of emotion and thought are acutely defined in all Fantaisiste works, as are the objective and subjective values of the actual environment, but never exaggerated or stereotyped according to conventional patterns or standardized measurements in such manner as to confuse or obliterate their mental import or human origin. Thus the Fantaisiste is in absolute contradistinction to the older conventional type of decorative artist, whose aim was to adapt life, thought, and emotion to some decorative formula, and who did not scruple or hesitate to repudiate, mutilate or totally eliminate all elements which hindered or inhibited this consummation. Viewed in comparison with this type the Fantaisiste is more personal and virile, while at the same time less external; more interior in the French sense. Considering the sum total of these characteristics it is apparent that Fantaisisme can be equally both subjective and objective. These expressive possibilities render it unique among modern art movements, in that they create an intellectual area where both broad types of modern artistic thought, the analytical and the synthetic, can meet without friction, or the relinquishment of essential conceptions, to exercise those intermediate sensibilities and functions which, by unrelieved concentration upon intel- ##4 THE EGOIST January 1, 1916 lectual art-extremes might become removed from actuality and impaired, if not destroyed. But it must not be concluded from this fact that La Fantaisie is merely utilitarian, or in any way lacking in intrinsic force. Though all Fantaisiste works are marked by those most potent signs of vitality, personal preferences, they are always deeply informed by physical and spiritual experience, never merely opinionated. So much then, as an endeavour to define the characteristic tendencies and potentialities of Fantaisisme. Coming to the expression of this spirit in music, the use of the term Fantaisiste as a classification is somewhat arbitrary, since no definitely declared body of musical Fantaisistes exists. But since the object in these studies is to examine and interpret the intellectual causes underlying contemporary musical composition, with a view of discerning and conveying their significance in relation to the life and thought of to-day, certain broad classifications are necessary. These almost all the existing critical body are too theoretically hide-bound, sentimental, or incapable to attempt. For them the mental motives of music exist only in vague generalities, or sentimental, meaningless verbiage, or in technical phrases and definitions which are absolutely restricted in meaning, and convey nothing save to an initiated musicianly caste; definitions which daily become obsolete when applied to modern musical developments, and which have never conveyed anything, in an intellectually, or a spiritually interpretive sense. These studies are not primarily concerned with the technical theories or developments of music; they embody an attempt to investigate the mental and spiritual significance of contemporary composition; to penetrate to its sources, and determine their relationship to the psychological development of humanity. The group-forces of every epoch necessarily react, either positively or negatively, on those living in it; and since the individual being exists as a being, apart from whatever form his life-work may take, certain psychological correspondences will distinguish any given epoch, and will therefore influence, positively or negatively, the art-creations of that period. When, therefore, it is discernible that the standpoint, the intellectual and emotional motives, and the expression of certain composers evince characteristics identical with those evident in the works constituting a definitely classified movement, or phase in one or more of the other arts, for the sake of clarity, distinction, and precision, it is obviously permissible to apply to such musicians the terms and definitions by which such a phase or movement is recognized. We lack, up to the present, anything approaching exactness in the accepted definitions of the various recognized intellectual and emotional divisions of music. Classicism, Romanticism, Realism, and Impressionism; these comprise almost all the indicative terms at our disposal: and these are so indefinite in scope, or rather in the manner in which they are applied, and the various conceptions of their meaning are so conflicting, that they afford no true indication or interpretation of the spirit underlying the diverse types in connexion with which they are indiscriminately used. The ever-growing complexity of human psychology, also, with its continually increasing store of subconscious associations, and consequently evermore complicated sensibilities cannot be ignored, nor can the terms devised to define the states of simpler phases of psychological developments continue to apply with full penetration and accuracy to complex influences which are, in many cases, only commencing to come into discernible operation. LEIGH HENRY. Ruhleben, Germany, 1915. Peasant Pottery Shop 41 Devonshire Street, Theobalds Road, W.C. (Close to Southampton Row) Interesting British and Continental: Peasant Pottery on sale: Brightly coloured plaited felt Rugs FEODOR SOLOGUB By JOHN COURNOS BY means of all the words that he (the author) can find he speaks of one and the same thing. Towards one and the same thing he calls untiringly." Thus speaks Feodor Sologub of himself in one of his characteristic introductions. And you find a correlative to this confession in the thought expressed by the poet Trirodov in Sologub's novel, The Created Legend: "A man's whole life is barely sufficient for a proper inquiry into a single idea. . . . If this were understood, human knowledge would take unprecedented steps forward." Sologub's own twenty volumes, comprising almost every literary form—the play as well as the novel, the short story and the fairy-tale as well as the essay and the poem—show that Sologub has put this precept into practice. It is true that you can reduce Sologub—philosophically—to two or three ideas. But these are expressed FEODOR SOLOGUB BY ROALD KRISTIAN so persistently and so untiringly and in so many extraordinary variations that you are astounded at an imagination capable of transforming its limited material into such multitudinous and fascinating shapes. This is far from implying narrowness. Quite on the contrary. A man may have a single idea, and, like the small window of a small cell, it may open out on a vista, broad, clear, and far-reaching. A man roaming about in the freedom of this expanse may see actually less if he happen to be one of the many million near-sighted beings who inhabit this miserable earth. What men call broad-mindedness—it is usually the tourist who sets out to be broad-minded and to like everything that he sees—is too often the acquirement and possession of many small ideas which makes the literary tourist's mind more or less like a patchwork quilt fit for an elderly lady's pink-papered bedroom. In order to create art it is better to be a fanatic than an encyclopædia. Tolerance? Let us use it to wrap our washing in to send to the laundry. Sologub is not for tourists, for dry-as-dusters, or for the tolerants. He is a great hater whose hate proceeds from his too great love. The formula is all too simple. He takes life to task for ##January 1, 1916 THE EGOIST 5 its pettishness, its provinciality, its lovelessness, its unchildlikeness, its spitefulness, its all-too grey dullness, its deliberate deadening of the imagination, its evil conscience, its ashamedness of its bodily beauty, its transformation of a potential earthly paradise into an inferno inhabited by little demons. He unbares the conscience of the world—in the particular, and in the abstract. He does it sometimes with a gentle, sometimes with a bitter satire, and always with an intensity of mood extremely disconcerting to those who see in his stories complete or partial portraits of themselves. Sologub might have written Gogole's words: "Ah, but who among you, serious readers—I address myself to those who have the humility of the true Christian—who among you, being alone, in the silence of the evening, at the time when one communes with oneself, will look into the depths of his soul to ask in all sincerity the question: 'Might there not be in me something of Chichikov?'" Now we have a suspicion of what Sologub's "narrowness" means. It has not prevented him, after ten years' labour, from achieving in The Little Demon the finest Russian novel since Dostoyevsky and Tolstoi, and already considered a classic though first published only in 1907. Nor has it prevented him from writing poems which are extraordinary distillations of mood and music. Incidentally, his translations of Verlaine have caused the admirers of both poets to say that had Verlaine written in Russian he could not have bettered them. Sologub writes like no one else in Russia, so it is difficult to make comparisons. He is like a French mind combined with a Russian soul—roughly speaking, a Symbolist-Realist. His method is not impressionistic but penetrative. In The Little Demon the author shows how the evil within us creates the evil around us; in The Created Legend how the imagination creates the beauty around us which too is within ourselves. These two books are in effect Sologub's "Inferno" and "Paradiso." Sologub's little fables, of which a half-dozen are offered here, are interesting not only as showing the author's satiric trend, but also because the same ideas are reiterated more elaborately in his plays, stories and novels, and more exquisitely in his poems. Russia may have produced greater poets, but surely not a finer one. REVIEWING By RICHARD ALDINGTON THERE is one thing more futile than writing books; reviewing them. The world likes boring books. The world is not anxious to be prodded or excited or seduced into spiritual activity; it wants to be comfortably bored into somnolence after its meals; it wants to be delicately and sentimentally tickled—more or less delicately, more or less sentimentally so according to climate—with tales of love in varying degrees of chastity. Hence the demand for mediocre books. Hence the necessity—for the world is lazy—of reviewers who will indicate in well-worn phrases the precise brand of mediocrity which is to be tapped in any particular "book of the season." These things have nothing to do with literature. They merely exist to satisfy a demand. A young man reads Keats, and fired with blind emulation produces imitations of that great poet. Since Keats has been dead nearly a hundred years his works have become comparatively innocuous; there exists a demand for Keats, which the works of Keats have created. An imitation of Keats is a perfectly recognizable piece of mediocrity, and since the world has been bludgeoned into liking Keats, it obediently likes imitations of Keats. The world forgets that when Keats first appeared nobody liked him, that the vogue was all Tom Moore and Campbell and Rogers and the like. The world prefers imitations: Hobbs hints blue—straight he turtle eats: Nobbs prints blue—claret crowns his cup: Nokes outdares Stokes in azure feats,— Both gorge. Who fished the murex up? What porridge had John Keats? The author of the above morsel of vigorous cacophony had the mortification—or the pleasure—of seeing "Pippa Passes" lie for six months at the bookseller's before a single copy was sold. Now that the "Odes" and "Pippa Passes" have been plentifully besmeared with academic "appreciation" and denuded of all appearance of novelty—must it be repeated that novelty is a condition of beauty?—they are used to smite on the head any person foolish enough to attempt an unimitative form of poetic writing. A reading of these poems is necessary to the reviewer in order that he may "appreciate" imitators of them, and depreciate originality of any kind. A book-reviewer is a person whose duty is to maintain the literary status quo. The literary status quo is imitation. Nietzsche somewhere begins a catalogue of parasites with "journalists"; he might just as well have added, "most authors." Reviewing is also an admirable method of preventing a writer from developing his own soul. It is, of course, badly paid; it is, of course, humbug. And nothing is worse for a man's soul than for him to aid in the production of humbug. This is a truism. To read mediocre books and to be forced to write about them is as disastrous a misfortune as can befall any writer. It is ruination and damnation. And since the world—quite unconsciously, poor, dear thing—does desire the suppression of originality in new literature, it immediately sets a writer on reviewing, giving him all sorts of comfortable and untrue maxims about starting at the bottom of the ladder—those who start at the bottom of the ladder usually remain there—and thus insidiously, damnably, and wickedly ruins many a "budding talent"! There are only two genuine reasons for writing a review: first, when a man so likes a book that he is bursting to initiate others into the enjoyment of that book; and second, when he is so disgusted with a book that he desires to warn all men to leave it alone. The second of these reasons is an excuse: bad literature, if unboomed, will fail. The crux of the whole matter is this: "Literature as a trade" needs a constant demand for new books, and since most people have uninquiring minds an imitation of a good book or of a popular book is more to their taste and therefore more profitable to publishers than an original, good book, whose originality will annoy most people and therefore make the book unprofitable to the publisher. But it is necessary for the publisher— and the periodical editor—to persuade their public that an imitation, a dilutation of a good book is better than a good book. To this end they (publisher and editor) hire hack scribes to boom these shoddy wares. The buyer is, of course, taken in; he wants to be taken in, poor devil; he gets angry if you try to open his eyes. But this system of "literature as a trade" is taken still further. A man or a woman—very often young—comes along with some really original piece of work. The publisher will, of course, take care to publish such a piece of work in such a way that it will not spoil the rest of his more profitable trade. The author will probably get nothing, and to damp his high spirits and wreck his talent they will set him to reviewing—which job he will accept as an alternative to starvation. Far better starve. The sycophantic attitude demanded of a book-reviewer would ruin the finest writer's perceptions, smash his sense of style, pervert his keenest moral sensitiveness, and in spite of his protests and struggles bring him into line with Messrs. X.'s spring catalogue! 6 THE EGOIST January 1, 1916 POEMS OF LEONIDAS OF TARENTUM Translated by James Whitall [Leonidas of Tarentum was born probably in 280 b.c. He was exiled and lived in poverty. It is not known when he died. His poems have often been confused with those of Leonidas of Alexandria. The translator has accepted the attributions of Geffcken, though his text has not always been used.] THE TEMPLE OF ARES THESE are not my trophies. Who has disgraced the temple of Ares with these shameful trappings: unbruised helmets; flashing shields, unstained with blood; unbroken spear-shafts? My face reddens at the sight, and sweat falls from my brow upon my chest. Deck a festive hall or a bridal chamber with such arms, but enrich this temple with the blood-stained spoils of war! TO ATHENE OF KORYPHASIA Agnon, the brave warrior, Euanthes' son, dedicates to Athene of Koryphasia eight shields, eight helmets, and eight coats-of-mail, captured from the Lukanians. ON AN EMPTY TOMB O turbulent sea, why did you not cast me far from your deserted shore? If I dwelt in gloomy Hades, I would not be so near you. THE HIDDEN STREAM Do not drink, traveller, from this warm stream filled with mud by pasturing sheep, for a little way beyond the ridge that is browsed by heifers, near the shepherd's pine, you will find a spring, colder than the snows of the north, trickling from the damp rock. TELEUTAGORES, LOST AT SEA O barbarous sea, why has Teleutagores, Timares' son, who set sail in a little ship, been cast with his cargo into the abyss beneath your greedy waves? The fish-eating cormorants lamented his death with plaintive cries, and now Timares stands weeping by the empty tomb of the shipwrecked lad. THE HUNTER GOD May good fortune follow the hunter of hares, and the fowler who comes here to seek the birds nesting beneath this double hill! Call to me from the cliff, O Pan, guardian of the wood, for I join in the chase with my dogs and my reeds. THE WITHERED VINE "I cling to my staff for support, like a vine to its dry pole, and death summons me to Hades: 'Be not deaf as a stone, Gorgos! Is the thought of three or four summers beneath the sun so sweet to you?'" The old man said this and died. DIOSKLES I am a mound for shipwrecked Dioskles. Alas for the daring of sailors, who cast off their moorings, forgetful of their graves. SPRING ON THE COAST Now is the season for sailing; already the west wind has brought the swallows; the meadows are bright with flowers, and the sea is silent, no longer swept by wave-churning gales. Weigh your anchors, cast off your hawsers, sailor, and set all your canvas to the wind. I, Priapos, God of the harbour, command you to sail wherever your trading may take you. ERINNA Death carried off Erinna for his bride, Erinna, the young singer who gathered the flowers of the Muses. And the maiden spoke truly and wisely when she said: "You are covetous, O Death." THE KRETANS The Kretans have always been robbers and pirates, never just men. Who ever heard of the justice of the Kretans? They attacked me when I was sailing with an insignificant cargo, and cast me into the sea. My only mourners were the wave-skimming cormorants, and now I, Timolytos, have no tomb. PHINTON "O mournful column, set up on this white shore, say who lies beneath you, of whom and whence he comes." "It is Phinton of Ermiones, son of Bathykles; he perished beneath a great wave, churned up by a gale from the north." PROMAKHOS Put not your trust in long ships, nor in high ships, for the wind conquers them all. One blast caused the death of Promakhos, and the waves devoured him with all his companions. Yet his fate was not relentless to the end; he was given a tomb and funeral honours in the land of his fathers, for the sea cast his corpse upon its vast shore. TWO ETERNITIES Infinite was Time, O Man, before you, and infinite is Time in Hades; what but a pinprick is life's share of Time? Smaller than this, if such a thing may be. Your life is a little, afflicted thing, and while it lasts, is more abhorred than hateful death. KRETHON I am Krethon's tomb, as this stone declares, but I hold only his ashes. Once he was as rich as Gyges, the owner of many herds of cattle and goats. Once he— what more need I say? Now, alas, he who was envied, by all men, owns nothing but his grave. ALKIMENES Pay a small tribute, O traveller, to this mound over Alkimenes. Though sharp thorns and brambles cover me now, I was once his tomb. THE OLD SHEPHERD In Earth's name, offer Kleitagoras a small but gracious favour, for the sake of Persephone under the earth, O shepherds, who frequent this mountain ridge, pasturing your goats and your fleecy sheep. Let the sheep bleat, and let the shepherd, seated upon an unhewn rock, pipe softly as they feed; and may the countryman wreathe my gravestone with the meadow-flowers of early spring, and may some one press the milk from the udder of a fruitful ewe to moisten the base of my tomb: Such favours are rewarded even by the dead. EPITAPH The daughters of Aristodikos lie here: Timoklea, Philo, Aristo, and Timaitho, all dead in childbirth. Before he died, their father, Aristodikos, erected this tomb. ON AN EMPTY TOMB A wild squall from the east, darkness, and the waves of Orion's lurid setting were my fate and I, Kallaiskhros, gave up my life as I fled across the Libyan sea; So now I am swept to and fro by the waters, a prey to fishes, and this stone lies when it says that I am here. [The poems and others by the same author are printed in No. 5 of the Poets' Translation Series.] January 1, 1916 THE EGOIST 7 THE FRENCH WORD IN MODERN PROSE I.—J.-H. ROSNY: Sous le Fardeau; L'Impérieuse Bonté. IT will be impossible, in a short monographic dissertation, to attempt a comprehensive review of the authors known as J.-H. Rosny, a name attached to the work of (in great part) two men. Where this duality has its precise boundaries is not clear or important except in so far as it is responsible for a scope of production surpassing that which could be credited to a single activity. Within recent years the qualification "ainé and jeune" appended to the signature indicates that the literary association of the two brothers has been interrupted. Together they are responsible for an array of writing which would take more time to read than a normal life can afford or a normal memory can hold, and which is disconcerting both for its quantity and strange inequality. The Rosnys' industry and prolific imagination has not brought them proportionate renown. In spite of such usually popular attributes the Rosnys' name is especially familiar to, and esteemed by, an élite which has given itself the trouble to sift the chaff from the wheat. The Rosnys have written "contemporary novels," "idylls of primitive times," have described "Etruscan" and "lacustral" amours, have given pictures of "London life," "Paris life," "theatrical life," "literary life." They have written the usual novel about the French Revolution, they have even written the biography of a cyclist; they have sought information and entertainment among anarchists and collectivists; they have looked back and have anticipated; they have translated from English, Spanish, Egyptian, and Corean; they have contributed to all the periodicals and they remain great writers notwithstanding. They have done all they could to bury themselves under their work. Their faults are impotent to obscure their qualities, and as discrimination is but a poor exchange for wealth of resource they rank with those who surpass them in this particular. Their evolution finds a parallel in that of Mr. H. G. Wells, realistic fiction, earning the qualification "sociological" and "psychological," having succeeded to imaginative romance of the semi-scientific order. But this latter phase in their work lacks the vividness of Wells or the visionary insight of Kipling, with whom they have also been compared. There is no revelation in it; it is chaotic and often unintelligible. Where a Kipling travels at his ease they fumble and labour; they are vague where a Kipling is luminous. Therefore I will leave this phase of their work on one side for the time being although it contain, no doubt, much of undeniable novelty and interest, and turn to that which is more arresting and which has also provoked comparisons favourable, generally, to the Rosnys. Here they show more originality if less eccentricity. Critics have desired to read a philosophy in two of their leading efforts: Sous le Fardeau, with the subtitle "roman social," and L'Impérieuse Bonté distinguished as "roman contemporain." It would appear that they started out with philosophical intentions but that these fell through later, for, in the preface to L'Impérieuse Bonté, we find them asking the reader not to seek any philosophic or social thesis in that book, but merely an element of beauty in the altruism therein described. "For," say they, "altruism is a force wherein the highest intelligence and the most obdurate will may as fruitfully develop as in science or art. If human psychology is superficial without the warmth of solidarities, without the infinite power of kindness yielding each to the other, an ardent ambition must find gratification in the active love of his neighbour as satisfactory as in the acquirement of knowledge. A small nature will not grow great therein for it exacts intellectual subtleties as subtle as those demanded by philosophy." They add that it is on æsthetic grounds that they adopt this conception, which is diametrically opposed to the passive, Oriental conception favoured by certain French and Russian writers. There is not the slightest doubt that, whether or not the altruistic faculty provides a new note to the scale of beauty, the Rosnys achieve beauty, literary and emotional, in their presentations of human suffering. Their picturesqueness at times recalls Dickens plus that more adult realism of Gallic narrators. Many critics, always pre-occupied by their hunt for philosophic secrets within the written word, have described the Rosnys as optimistic interpreters of life. Personally I can find no optimism in Sous le Fardeau or in L'Impérieuse Bonté, which together embrace all the tragedies of life, its trials physical and moral, apparent and concealed, of the rich and of the poor, of the body and of the soul. Writers like Hardy, like Rosny, who spare neither themselves nor their readers, who are always ready to reveal that half of human misery which the other half is ignorant of, such writers are not optimists. But an altruist may, as does a sister of charity, encourage himself with certain spiritual consolations and promises. So do even the Rosnys, for now and again there emerges the corner of a singular faith in which some people seem to find compensation for the defects of the present; for instance, in the phrase (in Sous le Fardeau): "He knew that, though feeble and lacking in intelligence, she was, nevertheless, of choice essence, of that rare and fine substance which shall form the humanity of the future." Writers who lay stress on the evils of this world—the only explanation of which is that they are contrasts, the contrasts necessary to emphasize perfection—placing their scenes in asylums and prisons, in slums and in hospitals, among the sick and the incurable, among criminals and martyrs, such writers are fatalists, in spite of their occasional credulity in respect of an evolution towards a more agreeable and equal condition. Meanwhile the victims it is apparently necessary to immolate provide the Rosnys with themes of impressive magnitude. The construction of these two books is very much after the manner of Dickens—that is, somewhat disjointed, the chief object being to present typical characters in their typical environment. This rather random manner of proceeding increases the realism of the narrative. In its form, Sous le Fardeau, originally published as a serial, is compact to the point of clumsiness. The chief figure in this book is a doctor who carries the burden of his own cares and those of his patients. In L'Impérieuse Bonté the duties of the secretary of a philanthropist provide the pretext for introducing the numerous social phases of a capital. Here the millionaire and his wife are the two unhappiest characters in the book. The aspiration which led to the foundation by Jules Romains of an "unanimist" expression of social psychology seems to have been anticipated by the Rosnys. Here we have a woman in her last extremity on her way to ask for pecuniary assistance from a rich relation: The judges, the workmen, the merchants, the gentlemen and ladies, the lamps and the carriages, these things which are only social and not connected with the dark and distant space whence they come, reassure Mine. A mother and her children cannot be allowed to starve. The asphalt, the lamps, the carriages, the judges, the workmen and the merchants were not made for that. Mine feels familiar with their machinery. And she will be right. Nevertheless, the rich relation allows her to starve. The Rosnys are experts in the description of mental agony: ". . . the words fly wildly about in her head, and her humiliation, wrath and present weakness make, with the ardour and eloquence of the moment before, an average which astonishes the Collards. Mine mentions the loan. She says only half of all she wanted to say. Apolline tries in vain to stop her. There are two Mines here, the one who ran along the streets ten minutes ago and the one the Collards terrorize. The whole question rests upon whether the impulse brought to bear will be strong enough or whether the bad rich will be able to exhaust Mine's resources. Therefore the abominable game will depend on minute circumstances. The plea becomes heavy; silence appears to the poor woman as something so enviable, and yet she speaks the scorching phrases of supplication. ##8 THE EGOIST January 1, 1916 These quotations should suffice to disperse any misunderstanding as to the nature of the Rosnys' realism. It is not Zola's, or the Goncourts', or M. Octave Mirbeau's. Some reviewers have styled it "analytic," but this term does not seem satisfactory. Perhaps Mme. Rachilde came nearest the mark when she called their novels "human" (in English one might say humane), in preference to their own qualification of "social," while carrying a non-conclusive philosophy, "the wisest of all" as she adds (though it is not clear how a theory can be at the same time non-conclusive and philosophic). It would be preferable not to attempt any special qualification of books coming within the category of good: that is, literature, pure and simple. Whatever other purpose they may conceal or achieve is secondary provided the claim to literature be satisfied. The Rosnys' books form a living, mobile literature, rich, sensitive, animating, a literature of facts with their repercussion upon the mind and senses (but chiefly upon the mind), a tragic realism by the side of which the boldest writings of modern English authors are timid—a literature of observation and of consideration, whose outstanding merits consist in extreme pity and extreme earnestness, entirely deprived of both irony and cynicism, an apostolic literature and not less literary because apostolic than are, for instance—all things being equal—the Scriptures, whose mission does not detract from them as art. MURIEL CIOLKOWSKA. THE CLIFF TEMPLE I Great, bright portal, Shelf of rock, Rocks fitted in long ledges, Rocks fitted to dark, to silver-granite, To lighter rock— Clean cut, white against white. High—high—and no hill-goat Tramples—no mountain-sheep Has set foot on your fine grass. You lift, you are the world-edge, Pillar for the sky-arch. The world heaved— We are next to the sky. Over us, sea-hawks shout, Gulls sweep past. The terrible breakers are silent From this place. Below us, on the rock-edge, Where earth is caught in the fissures Of the jagged cliff, A small tree stiffens in the gale, It bends—but its white flowers Are fragrant at this height. And under and under, The wind booms. It whistles, it thunders, It growls—it presses the grass Beneath its great feet. II I said: For ever and for ever, must I follow you Through the stones? I catch at you—you lurch. You are quicker than my hand-grasp. I wondered at you. I shouted—dear—mysterious—beautiful— White myrtle-flesh. I was splintered and torn. The hill-path mounted Swifter than my feet. Could a dæmon avenge this hurt, I would cry to him—could a ghost, I would shout—O evil, Follow this god, Taunt him with his evil and his vice. III Shall I hurl myself from here, Shall I leap and be nearer you? Shall I drop, beloved, beloved, Ankle against ankle? Would you pity me, O white breast? If I woke, would you pity me, Would our eyes meet? Have you heard, Do you know how I climbed this rock? My breath caught, I lurched forward— I stumbled in the ground-myrtle. Have you heard, O god seated on the cliff, How far toward the ledges of your house, How far I had to walk? IV Over me the wind swirls. I have stood on your portal And I know— You are further than this, Still further on another cliff. H. D. LITTLE TALES, BY FEODOR SOLOGUB Translated by JOHN COURNOS TWO CANDLES, ONE CANDLE, THREE CANDLES TWO white candles were burning, and there were many lamps upon the walls. A man was reading a manuscript, and people were listening in silence. The flames trembled. The candles also were listening —the reading pleased them, but the flames were agitated, and trembled. The man finished reading. The candles were blown out. Every one left. And it was just as before. A grey candle was burning. A seamstress sat sewing. An infant slept, and coughed in its sleep. Gusts of cold air came from the wall. The candle wept white, heavy tears. The tears flowed and congealed. Dawn came. The seamstress, with red eyes, kept on sewing. She blew out the candle. She kept on sewing. And it was just as before. Three yellow candles were burning. In a box lay a man, yellow and cold. Another was reading a book. A woman was weeping. The candles flickered from fright and from pity. A crowd came. Chants were sung, incense was burned. The box was carried away. The candles were blown out. Every one left. And it was just as before. HE BECAME BETTER There are all sorts of boys in this world, good ones and bad ones. Once there were two boys, a good boy and a truant. A magician came to them—it was Uncle Better. He asked them: "Would you like to be better?" "I'd like to be better, uncle dear," replied the good boy. "A good man is well off everywhere." "There's no need for me to be better," said the truant. "I am good enough as I am. Too much goodness might tear my mouth apart with yawning." "Well, remain a truant," Uncle Better said to him. "As for you, my good boy, you will become so sweet that every one will marvel at you." ## January 1, 1916 THE EGOIST 9 Then he went away. The good boy became so sweet that he began to ooze with treacle. Hardly any one was glad to see him. Wherever he went he made the place sticky with treacle. His mother was angry with him. "On account of your sweetness," she said, "it's impossible to keep you supplied with clothes. I'd much rather see you a hooligan." The good boy enjoyed gathering in the outpour of treacle. So he remained. He grew up, and gave pleasure to others: he rolled pound horns out of paper, and poured treacle into them, and gave them to the poor. THREE GOBS OF SPIT A man went by, and spat three gobs of spit. He walked away, the gobs remained. Said one of the gobs: "We are here, but the man is not here." Said the second: "He has gone." Said the third: "He came precisely for the purpose of planting us here. We are the goal of man's life. He has gone, but we have remained." FAIRY TALES IN THE GARDEN, AND FAIRY TALES AT COURT There was a garden in which fairy tales grew in the beds along the paths. All sorts of fairy tales grew there—white ones, red ones, blue ones, purple ones, and yellow ones. Some of the tales had an agreeable perfume, while others made up in beauty what they lacked in perfume. The gardener's little son went every morning into the garden to delight in the fairy tales. He learnt them all, and often told them to his companions in the street; no common children were permitted into the garden, for it was the garden of a great queen. The children told about these fairy tales to their mammas and papas, and these told them to their acquaintances, until their fame spread far and wide. The queen also heard at last that fairy tales grew in her garden. She asked to see them. And so one early morning the gardener cut down many of the fairy tales, gathered them into a beautiful sumptuous bouquet, and sent them to Court. The gardener's young son cried because they were cutting down the fairy tales, but no one would listen to him. As if there were not enough things that one might choose to cry about! The queen looked at the fairy tales, and asked in astonishment: "What's interesting about them? Why do you call them fairy tales? They are the most common flowers." They threw the poor fairy tales into the backyard, and gave the gardener's little son a birching so that he should not speak such nonsense again. A MARRIAGE A drop of rain fell through the air, a speck of dust lay on the ground. The drop wished to unite with a hard substance; it was tired of its free, active existence. It joined itself to the speck of dust—and lay on the ground a blob of mud. CAPTIVE DEATH A long time ago there lived a brave and invincible Knight. One day he happened to capture Death herself. He brought her to his strong castle, and put her in a cell. Death sat there—and people ceased to die. The Knight was overjoyed, and thought: "Now it is well, but it is rather a worry to keep a watch on her. Perhaps it would be better to destroy her altogether." But the Knight was a very just man—he could not kill her without judgment. He went to the cell, and, pausing before the small window, he said: "Death, I want to cut your head off—you've done a lot of harm upon the earth." But Death was silent. The Knight continued: "I'll give you a chance—defend yourself if you can. What have you to say for yourself?" And Death answered: "I'll say nothing just yet; let Life put in a word for me." And the Knight suddenly saw Life standing beside him; she was a robust and red-cheeked but expressionless woman. And she began to say such brazen and ungodly things that the brave, invincible Knight trembled, and made haste to open the cell. Death went out—and men began to die once more. The Knight himself died when his time came—and he told no one upon the earth what that expressionless, brazen woman, Life, had said to him. SIX FRENCH POETS ["Six French Poets." By Amy Lowell. The Macmillan Company, New York.] AMY LOWELL has sent me her book, "Six French Poets," who are: Emile Verhaeren, Albert Samain, Remy de Gourmont, Henri de Régnier, Francis Jammes, and Paul Fort; and it occurs to me that I must be her severest critic—are we not rivals? When, in the summer of 1914, she told me of her intention to write this book and of the names of the poets she had chosen, I objected to Samain. Samain, I said, was exquisite, but not important; and he could only be read a few pages at a time without weariness. Stuart Merrill and Francis Vielé-Griffin, I went on, are both more considerable poets; both are Americans, and the public to which you make your first appeal is American; if you will not have them, Rimbaud and Laforgue are immensely more important than Samain; and since you insist on including Remy de Gourmont as one of your poets, you might increase your number to seven, in many ways an appropriate number where poets are concerned; and so on. But she would hear nothing of it. And now, even if I wished to damn her book (I do not), she will have already heaped coals of fire on my head in her preface, where she says kind things about me because I happened to mention the names of one or two books to her, information she did not really need. Miss Lowell states that she has "made no attempt at an exhaustive critical analysis of the various works" of her six poets. "Rather, I have tried to suggest certain things which appear to the trained poet while reading them. The pages and pages of hair-splitting criticism turned out by erudite gentlemen for their own amusement, has been no part of my scheme. But I think the student, the poet seeking new inspiration, the reader endeavouring to understand another poetic idiom, will find what they need to set them on their way." That is so: this book contains six causeries in which Miss Lowell tells you why she loves these poets, and what she loves about them, interrupting her talk every now and then to read some poem to you which illustrates her meaning, introducing every now and then a fragment of biography to correspond with the stage of the poet's work to which she has brought you, or stopping every now and then to pick out rare phrases and rare music of words for your especial delight. No one, I suppose, will have listened to Miss Lowell's causerie in so happy a setting as the sitting-room of her hotel, where she talked to us in the August of 1914. Through the long French window ##10 THE EGOIST January 1, 1916 open in the corner could be seen the length of Piccadilly, its great electric globes, its shiny roadway, and, on the left, the tops of the trees of Green Park, dark grey in the moonlight; the noise of the motor-buses and of the taxis reached us in a muted murmur, and at the corner of the park opposite, beneath a street lamp, stood a newsboy, whose headlines we strained our eyes from time to time to catch. It was in this tenseness created by the expectation of news that Miss Lowell read Paul Fort or Henri de Régnier to us (she reads French beautifully); and it is the emotion of those evenings, more than anything else, that her book brings back to me. This is not criticism, I know; but I am a critic displumed. You can take up Miss Lowell's book, and read it from beginning to end without weariness or boredom; you will be continually interested, continually delighted, continually moved. Miss Lowell's method of quoting whole poems and long poems as well as detached and beautiful fragments has filled her book with an emotional content that almost makes me afraid to open it: the fear of too much beauty. And, finally, she has flattered the sense of personal superiority in us all by allowing little slips to remain where we may find them, and preen ourselves on our cleverness. When you have absorbed all these sensations, you will have come to Appendix A, which is 140 pages of the best translations into English that so far exist of the six poets in question, or, it might truly be said, of the French poets of the symbolist generation. In these translations, Miss Lowell has rarely been tempted away from prose; and you have only to compare her work with the work of other translators to be immediately aware of how much she has gained by her prudence, her artistry had better be said. That Miss Lowell had all the equipment for a task of this kind her own two books of poems left no doubt at all; in them you will find the same delight in beautiful word and phrase which has undoubtedly led her to modern French poetry as to a friendly country, and to the achievement in these translations. If she had done nothing more than just publish these, she would have earned our gratitude; but she offers them to you as the least of her work (as an Appendix!) after you have been amused, instructed, delighted and moved. I should add that the book contains an excellent signed photograph of each poet. F. S. FLINT. WHITECHAPEL Noise; Iron hoofs, iron wheels, iron din Of drays and trams and feet passing; Iron Beaten to a vast mad cacophony. In vain the shrill, far cry Of swallows sweeping by; In vain the silence and green Of meadows Apriline; In vain the clear white rain— Soot; mud; A nation maddened with labour; Interminable collisions of energies— Iron beating upon iron; Smoke whirling upwards, Speechless, impotent. In vain the shrill, far cry Of kittiwakes that fly Where the sea waves leap green. The meadows Apriline— Noise, iron, smoke; Iron, iron, iron. RICHARD ALDINGTON. PASSING PARIS IN a recent conversation a friend, of socialistic views and no mean intelligence, and not a Frenchman, insisted that before the war the French entertained no feelings of antipathy towards the Germans and that their present abhorrence would soon wane to be, perhaps, directed elsewhere. I reminded him of the persistence of their detestation after the Franco-German contest in 1870. I told him that, though it was not impossible for one of German nationality to visit the provinces undisguised some five or six years after that war—as to my knowledge occurred—twenty-five years later it was not advisable to admit, in Paris, to German antecedents. As one generation was gradually substituted by another it became easier for a German to confess his origin without fear of being boycotted, and within the last ten years relations had certainly become quite natural among those who had not taken part in the great struggle. Nevertheless, a certain distrust continued to influence popular minds and all such above a certain age. The thousands of Germans residing in Paris were tolerated or, rather, ignored, and Germany was visited by intrepid tourists with curiosity rather than with sympathy. Here and there one met a Germanophile, the exception necessary to prove the rule. I can remember the time when dogs were called "Bismarck" and the ireful cocher's supreme insult was "Prussien." My Socialist friend was no doubt correct when he evoked a period of violent Anglophobism, but never did this assume the deep-rooted earnestness of the Frenchman's natural, in-born hatred for the German, which had been hidden of late years under the thin coat of courtesy and self-command cultivated by the class accustomed to train their mind and passions. The French have and can have no such transmitted hatred for the English. I have seen the worst caricatures by M. Willette (who is the image of an English gentleman-farmer; might even sit for John Bull in one of his more sympathetic moods). Fashoda was not a pleasant crisis for an Englishman in France to pass through, but when all is said the Frenchman's chief grievance against England was that Queen Victoria was too fat while English female tourists were too thin. If all Englishwomen were pretty and dressed well the French would love the English. The English have been Turks' heads for French irony far more often than the Germans, but there was little gall in that irony. Such feelings as the French entertained after 1870 and as have now been reawakened are, I should think, unparalleled in the records of national animosities. For this reason, and as far as war can be, this has been a popular war. To the French masses, to fight the Germans seemed perfectly natural, whereas by the English masses a contest with the Germans could not be taken as a matter of course. England, therefore, needed a much stronger Government to carry on the war than was necessary to France. To the French it was no surprise, for they have been expecting it for forty years. Several experiences of my own soon gave my friend the lie. Another acquaintance, a Frenchman from the North, whose family is dispersed and home ransacked, said: "Let the last Frenchman perish rather than that those people be victorious." Then in a bookseller's window I saw displayed the following titles of recent publications: Louis Colin, Les Barbares à la Trouée des Vosges; Paul Margueritte, Contre les Barbares; Maurice Muret, L'Orgueil allemand; Pierre Nothomb, Les Barbares en Belgique; Jean Finot, Civilisés contre allemands; Léon Daudet, Hors le Joug allemand. And a little further I halted before an art-dealer's where a lithograph by Poulbot had attracted my eye. It represented a little boy drinking from the basin given to a dog for water, who, to the astonishment of a companion, replies: "Well, a dog's not a German." There were other child-scenes by the same artist: a drowning mite with a lifebelt about him, the red ensign ##January 1, 1916 THE EGOIST 11 hovering above the waves in the background and the legend: "Mamma, mamma, why?" Another: a group of children, one of whom shows bandaged arms: "Do boche children kiss their fathers too?" and so on. There were a number of cartoons by M. Jean Veber. One: a small boy shot by German soldiery "because he had pointed his toy gun at them." Another: French peasants tied by the feet to carts and dragged at full gallop through village streets. I stopped before a newspaper-kiosk. An appalling ruffian representative of "Our Prisoners" had been portrayed by M. Charles Huard. On the first page of the Journal were types of German officers with the appearance of hard old gaol-birds. Is this the hatred of mere whim or is it an ancient, heartfelt instinct reawakened by recent events? For my part I believe the tolerance was passing while the hatred is lasting. I shall not forget the man I saw on the platform of a country town in the month of August last year go up to a Highlander—probably in his grave now—on his way to Le Mans (headquarters at that time) and shake him mutely by the hand. That scene compensated for all Willette's drawings. To the French—generally speaking always and now without exception—whoever is against Germany is with the French. And whoever is not against Germany is against the French. * * * * The enthusiasm sending a Charles Péguy—a humanist in his opinions—to the war should be a proof of my assertion as to the popularity of this war at its outset before opinion had been fanned by the Press and the cabal of optimistic falsehoods which MM. Téry in L'Œuvre, Compère-Morel in L'Humanité, and that tardy patriot Hervé (who once said the dunghill was the only proper place for the national flag) in La Guerre Sociale are now, somewhat late in the day and long after the public has opened its eyes of its own accord, beginning to criticize. Yet one may ask oneself whether this artificially created optimism had not its advantages if it helped to contribute to the stoicism shown by the French to every one's, including their own, surprise. The Germans argue that war cannot be conducted courteously. The French may reply that as it cannot be conducted without hatred, therefore, as with other munitions, the more there is of it the better, and that whatever is done to increase the supply is justified by the end in view. If purists of the truth, humanitarians, pacifists and socialists, etc., had not undergone the metamorphosis they did it is possible Paris would now be as German as Brussels. Which would be a grievous pity. * * * * One of the leaders of the symbolist movement, Stuart Merrill, has just died at Versailles, his residence, at the age of fifty-two years. Like Jean Moréas, like the Comtesse de Noailles, like Renée Vivien, Stuart Merrill was a foreigner—an American of the United States— who had elected to express himself in French in preference to his native tongue, in which he had, however, made his first poetic attempts. He had acquired familiarity with the language of France during his childhood, having been educated at a Paris lycée. He had named his different volumes of poetry Les Gammes, Petits Poèmes d'Automne, Les Quatre Saisons, and Une Voix dans la Foule. M. Anatole France said that he was a poet appealing only to the ear, but a poet who can hold attention by this means is a clever man. The criticism cannot, however, be extended to all his poems indiscriminately. * * * * A sumptuous, parchment-bound monthly whose object is the revival of the intellectual relations which were so intimate between Holland and France of yore appears under the title of La Revue de Hollande, simultaneously in Paris and The Hague (2 fr. 50; Paris: George Crès et Cie; The Hague: A. W. Sijthoff). The text is exclusively French, contributions from Dutch authors being published in translated versions. The first number appeared in July, and since then the names figuring in the contents lists have comprised MM. Emile Verhaeren, Nicolas Beauduin, the late Charles Dumas, Fernand Di voire, etc. Very fine Renaissance chapter-headings and tail-pieces decorate the letterpress, but how incongruous is this combination of the modern idea with ancient forms, and what Jack of fellowship on the part of writers in regard to their artist contemporaries this strange choice implies! M. Ricciotto Canudo, an Italian who writes in French, author of La Ville Sans Chef, a book with ideas, has been distinguishing himself in Serbia, where he has been promoted to the rank of captain—a title that I believe he alone among literary soldiers has as yet attained. The poet-humourist Guillaume Appollinaire, who has occasionally been quoted in these columns, is a second lieutenant. It is M. Jean Loew, not "Load," as mis-spelt in the last issue of THE EGOIST, editor of the Revue du Temps Présent, who is, unfortunately, reported among the "missing." One or two other little slips in punctuation, inverted commas, and so on will have been indulgently corrected by the reader, I hope. MURIEL CIOLKOWSKA. STUART MERRILL BY ROALD KRISTIAN FRENCH POEMS From "Suite de Romances." in Une Voix dans la Foule (Mercure de France). Viens, cette nuit, poser tes lèvres, Fleurs tièdes de chair, sur mes yeux. Je croirai sentir sur mes fièvres Des roses s'effeuiller des cieux. Glisse tes deux mains dans les miennes, Doucement, comme un don secret; Puis chante des choses anciennes Faites d'amour et de regret. On dirait que par la fenètre Le Malheur nous guette, sournois. Mais l'aube va bientôt paraître, Et j'ai tes baisers et ta voix. STUART MERRILL. O PROVINCE! . . . From "Poèmes (1906-1910); Poèmes provinciaux—La maison pauvre," by André Lafon (Paris, Editions du Temps Présent). Deux heures, l'ombre basse au ras des murs, Dimanche, Les vêpres vont sonner. . . . Province, je revois La blancheur des façades closes et les toits Que les jardins touffus assaillent de leurs branches. ##12 THE EGOIST January 1, 1916 Après-midi paisible où le cœur sentira Se détacher de soi chaque instant de sa vie, Et ce que peut tenir d'ardente songerie Le jour que nul plaisir futile ne troubla! Pieux après-midi de rêve, de pensée, D'approfondissement et de retour en soi, Où passent dans un chant de cloches balancées, Des femmes simplement soumises à leur foi. La rue est assoupie; elles vont le front grave, Demander en priant la grâce, le secours Pour demeurer cela qu'elles furent toujours, L'humble main au foyer qui balaye et qui lave; Celle dont on attend le repas, la clarté De la lampe avec soin préparée et remplie A l'heure où, rappelant le salut à Marie, Le dernier Angelus commence à tinter. Je te retrouve encor fidèle à me hanter De l'intime parfum, Province, de tes pièces Où, l'ordre rétabli, le silence s'assied, Où, près de la fenêtre, à la place qu'il sied Pour bien voir, vient se mettre une aïeule qui laisse Le sommeil la gagner avec le jour qui baisse; Tandis qu'entre les murs qu'un noir lierre prend, L'enfant aux yeux profonds, seule au jardin, rêvant A quelque amour naissante et qu'elle devra taire, Cherche déjà la place ombreuse pour s'y plaire A venir chaque soir retrouver son tourment. Province au cœur voilé mais de toute constance; Aux sentiments plus sûrs en des logis transmis Avec le champ, la cour et les meubles amis, La servante qui vit s'éveiller notre enfance, Qui sait ce qu'en parlant les aimés nous ont dit. Chaque Fête t'émeut: la Toussaint où tu cueilles Tes fleurs, tes chères fleurs, toutes pour les tombeaux Que l'automne pleureur jonche déjà de feuilles, Et Noël, et ses chants plus purs que des rondeaux! Mystère respecté de la Semaine Sainte Qui te laisse trois jours méditer sur la mort, Pâques et cette joie, au matin, quand on sort De l'Eglise, et l'aumône au plat tendu qui tinte. . . . Grappes d'acacia sur les murs inclinés, Roses, roses de Mai se haussant aux croisées, Lourds parfums de tes nuits lunaires, fiancées Au calme aérien des espaces lactés! Toute je te revois avec ce que tu caches, Dans la paix dont tu sais envelopper tes jours, De sagesse à rester muette et lente pour Accomplir ta quotidienne et simple tâche. O Province qui me gardas, par qui je vis, Loin des priantes voix de tes cloches usées, Tout comme je vivais lorsqu'à notre seuil gris Se posait le sommeil sans fin de tes journées! Toi qui t'éteins, hélas! qui meurs, mais que je veux Honorer dans mon âme ainsi que dans un temple Pour qu'y règne, inspiré de tout austère exemple, Le silence émouvant où seul nous parle Dieu. ANDRÉ LAFON. A DRAMA Translated from the Russian of A. P. Chekhov by Natalie Andronikoff and John Hilton "IF you please, sir, there is a lady wants you," announced the servant. "She has been waiting a whole hour." Paul Vasilevitch had just lunched. Hearing of the lady, he screwed up his face and said: "Oh, the Devil take her! Tell her I'm busy." "But she has been now five times. She says it is very important she should see you. She's nearly crying." "Hm. . . . Well, all right. Show her into the study." Paul Vasilevitch leisurely donned his coat, took a pen in one hand and a book in the other, and, with a show of being very busy, went into the study. There awaiting him he found the visitor, a big corpulent lady with a red fleshy face and with spectacles, of good appearance but rather over-dressed (she wore a huge bustle in four compartments and a towering hat with a red bird). Seeing Paul Vasilevitch, she turned up her eyes and clasped her hands as if she were going to pray. "You, of course, don't remember me," she began in a high masculine tenor, visibly agitated. "I had the pleasure of meeting you at the Krootskys'. My name is Murashkina." "A—a—a . . . M—m ... sit down, please! What can I do for you?" "You see, I . . . I . . ." continued the lady, sitting down with even greater agitation. "You don't remember me. . . . My name is—Murashkina. . . . You know, I am a great admirer of your talent and I always read your articles with pleasure. . . . Don't think I flatter you, not in the least, I am saying only what is your due. I always, always read your articles. I myself, in some measure, am not quite unfamiliar with authorship, that is to say—well . . . I dare not call myself a writer, but still—my little drop of honey is in the beehive along with the rest. I have published at different times three children's stories—you haven't read them perhaps. . . . I have translated a good deal and . . . and my late brother was a member of the profession." "So . . . a—a—a . . . What can I do for you?" "You know . . ." Madame Murashkina cast down her eyes and blushed. "I know your talent . . . your views, and I should like to have your opinion, or, more truly, . . . to ask your advice. I must first tell you that I—excuse the expression—have been delivered of a drama and, before sending it to the censor, I should like your opinion." Madame Murashkina dived into her dress pocket and pulled out a big fat copybook. Paul Vasilevitch had no liking for any but his own articles; other people's which he had to read or listen to always produced on him the effect of a gun-muzzle presented at his face. Seeing the copybook, he became alarmed and hastened to say: "Oh, certainly. Leave it with me. . . . I'll go through it." "Paul Vasilevitch," said the lady languishingly, raising her hands and prayerfully clasping them, "I know you are busy, and I know you are at this very moment wishing me far enough, but . . . be kind to me, let me read you my drama. . . . Do let me read it." "Much obliged, I'm sure," floundered Paul Vasilevitch; "but, madame, I . . . I am busy . . . I am compelled to go out." "Paul Vasilevitch," moaned the lady, and her eyes filled with tears, "make me a little sacrifice. I am impudent, I am troublesome: but be magnanimous. To-morrow I have to go to Kazan, and I should so like to know your opinion to-day. Give me but half an hour! Just one half-hour! I implore you!" Paul Vasilevitch was as limp as a rag at heart and did not know how to refuse. No sooner did it appear that the lady was going to sob and kneel down to him than consternation seized him and he stammered weakly: "Very well. If you are really anxious . . . I will give you half an hour." The lady shrieked with joy, took off her hat, and, settling herself, she began to read. First she read of a footman and a chambermaid arranging luxurious drawing room, and talking at great length of a Miss Anna Sergievna who was building in the village a school and a hospital. The maid, when the footman went out, reeled off a long speech about knowledge being light and ignorance darkness. Then Madame Murashkina brought the footman back into the drawing-room with a long monologue about his master—the general, who is not in sympathy with his daughter's opinions, and who wants to marry her to a rich gentleman of the Emperor's bedchamber, and believes that the salvation of the people lies in deeper ignorance. Then, when the servants go out, the young lady herself comes in and ##January 1, 1916 THE EGOIST 13 tells the audience that she has not slept the whole night for thinking of Valentine, the son of a poor teacher, who supports his sick father. Valentine is acquainted with all the sciences, but does not believe in either friendship or love: does not see any purpose in life, and longs for death, and this is why she, the young lady, must save him. Paul Vasilevitch listened, thinking longingly of his couch. He wrathfully surveyed Madame Murashkina from head to foot and writhed as her masculine tenor jarred on his car-drums, then he left off following the play and began to think: "Oh, the deuce take you. . . . Much need have I to listen to your drivel. . . . Is it my fault you've written a drama? Good Heavens, what a thick copybook!" Paul Vasilevitch glanced at the wall where hung his wife's portrait, and remembered that his wife had ordered him to buy and bring home live yards of ribbon, a pound of cheese, and some tooth-powder. "I mustn't lose the pattern of that ribbon," he thought. "Where did I put it, now? I fancy it's in my blue jacket. Why, those rascally flies have been spotting my wife's portrait. I shall have to tell the servant to wash the glass. What? Scene twelve? Surely we are near the end of the first act. How could anyone with such a carcass and in such hot weather have inspiration? Instead of writing dramas, why doesn't she dine of cold soup and go to sleep in the ice-cellar?" "Don't you find this monologue is a little too long?" asked the lady suddenly, lifting her eyes. Paul Vasilevitch had not heard the monologue. In his confusion he replied quite apologetically, as though he himself had written it. "No, no! Not a bit. . . . Very nice indeed. . . ." Madame Murashkina beamed with pleasure and continued to read: "Anna. Scepticism has eaten into your life. Too early did you lose faith in the heart and began to trust only the intellect.—Valentine. What is heart? It is an anatomical concept. As a metaphorical expression for what we also call feelings, I cannot acknowledge it.—Anna (troubled) And love? Is that also a result of the association of ideas? Tell me frankly: were you ever in love?—Valentine (bitterly) Let us not touch old wounds that have not healed (A pause.) What is in your thoughts?—Anna. It seems to me you are unhappy." During scene sixteen Paul Vasilevitch yawned and unexpectedly made a noise with his teeth such as dogs make when they are catching flies. Ashamed of such an unmannerly sound, and wishing to cover it, he gave to his face an expression of touching attention. "Scene sixteen! whenever will it end?" he thought. 'Oh, Lord, if this punishment continues ten minutes longer I shall call a policeman. . . . It's unbearable!" However, at last the lady began to read faster and faster, and finally read in a loud voice: "Curtain." Paul Vasilevitch sighed lightly and made as if to rise, but at the same moment Madame Murashkina turned the page and continued to read: "Act two. A village street. On the right is a school; on the left a hospital. On the steps of the latter sit villagers." "Excuse me," interrupted Paul Vasilevitch, "but how many acts are there?" "Five!" answered Madame Murashkina, and, as if fearing her listener might run away, she continued rapidly: "Valentine looks out of the school-window. Down stage villagers are carrying their goods to the public-house." Like one condemned to death and convinced of the impossibility of pardon, Paul Vasilevitch had ceased to look forward to release, had ceased to hope, and now only tried to keep his eyes from shutting and his face from losing its look of attention. The hour when the lady would finish her drama and go away seemed to him so far off that he didn't even think about it. "Too—to—to—to—too . . ." rang the voice of Madame Murashkina in his ears. "Too—to—to—too . . . z—z—z—z . . ." "I forgot to get some soda," he thought. "Now what was I thinking about? Oh, yes, soda. . . . I think, really, I must have catarrh of the stomach. It's surprising: there's Smirnoff drinking vodka all day and he doesn't get catarrh. That was a bird on the window-sill. . . . Sparrow. . . ." Paul Vasilevitch made an effort to open his drawn, stuck eyelids, yawned without opening his mouth, and looked at Madame Murashkina. She grew misty, wavered before his eyes, became three-headed, and touched the ceiling with her heads. "Valentine. No, let me go. . . .—Anna (frightened). Why?—Valentine (Aside). She grows pale (To Anna.) Do not force me to explain. I would rather die than you should know. . . .—Anna (after a pause). You shall not go. . . ." Murashkina began to expand to a monstrous size and to dissolve into the grey light of the study, until there remained only her moving mouth; then she all at once became as small as a bottle, wavered, and, together with the table, danced to the bottom of the room. "Valentine (holding Anna in his arms). You have given me a new existence, shown me the purpose of life. You have revived me as the spring rain revives the awakening earth. But . . . too late! too late! A deadly sickness gnaws my breast." Paul Vasilevitch gave a start and fixed Madame Murashkina with glazed, tormented eyes. For a full minute he stared without moving, as though he did not understand anything. "Scene eleven (the same). The Baron and the inspector with witnesses.—Valentine. Take me!—Anna. I am his lover: take me also! Yes, take me also! I love him, love him more than my life!—Baron. Anna Sergievna, you forget that by this you will lose your father." Madame Murashkina began again to expand. . . . Wildly gazing round, Paul Vasilevitch rose up, shreake in an unnatural falsetto voice, seized from the tand a heavy paperweight, and, losing all possession of himself he struck Madame Murashkina with all his force on his head "Bind me! I killed her!" he said to the servant who ran in. The jury acquitted him. STUDIES IN CONTEMPORARY LITERATURE By R. Herdman Pender I. THE UTILITY OF LITERATURE "ALL art is useless"; So runs one of Oscar Wilde's brilliant paradoxes in the much-discussed preface to "The Picture of Dorian Gray." I use the word "brilliant" advisedly, for, although a paradox is, at best, a half-truth, still it often emphasizes that particular half of the truth that is too often forgotten or neglected, and Wilde's statement, absurd though it may seem at first sight, contains an aspect of the truth about art which is frequently overlooked, especially by Englishmen. The question immediately arises, what was the point of view that Wilde desired to emphasize? He has rendered elsewhere such whole-hearted homage to artists in general, and to the great writers of Europe in particular, that it is obvious that he did not mean his paradox to be taken in its logical, categorical sense, nor did he, I think, wish it to be regarded as a mere boutade. On the contrary, it is, in my opinion, a sincere expression of his attitude to art and literature, which was essentially one of revolt against the prevailing conceptions of his age, conceptions that, unfortunately, have not greatly changed. He despised, and opposed to the utmost, that ##14 THE EGOIST January 1, 1916 attitude towards art and literature which consists in consciously and conscientiously considering it as a means for social, intellectual or moral improvement. The study of certain authors because "every educated man must know them"; the reading of certain books on account of their improving tendency, was to him anathema; and some of his most biting epigrams arc directed against the Philistines who hold such views. He felt that such a conception of art degraded it to the level of a Sunday-school lesson or an elementary reader, and implied far too narrow an outlook on life, as well as a totally erroneous idea of the function of art. For him the intellect was but of secondary importance in man's character, the chief element being the emotions, which moulded a man's character to a much greater extent than perhaps anything else. And art was, in his opinion, the chief means of developing and defining the emotional life; the production and enjoyment of beautiful things could not fail to exert an ennobling influence upon the individual, an influence all the more powerful, because subconsciously experienced. Art is not useful as a textbook or a machine is useful, but rather as Nature herself is useful. No one would dream of saying: "What a useful blue sky," or "What useful heather-clad hills," or "What useful weather," and yet no one denies the immense importance of climatic conditions in the formation of character. The enlivening influence of warm, sunny weather may certainly be appreciated without reference to the utility of the sun, and in the same way the essential function and value of art may be thoroughly understood by a man who declares: "All art is useless." Now, as soon as we accept this point of view a great many things become clear, especially as far as literature is concerned. The almost universal dislike, open and secret, of improving books, the greater and enduring popularity amongst certain classes of the "Penny Blood," and the romantic novel, the general demand for a happy ending, the wide appeal of certain kinds of lyric poetry— these and many other things can only be understood by keeping in mind that the chief appeal of literature, as of all forms of art, musical, graphic, or dramatic, is made to the emotions. That instinct for fair play which characterizes the very mixed crowd at a football match is, in my opinion, due much more to the "penny blood" type of book than to the examples of fair play and justice they are likely to see around them. And this is but one of many cases which could be cited to prove the unconscious beneficial effect of such novels. But the demands made upon the imagination of the reader are very slight, at all events from the point of view of understanding the inner life of the characters. And herein lies the weakness of such work. Active appreciation is reduced to a minimum; the perception and presentation of more subtle qualities is entirely neglected, and the final result is a mere strengthening of the better primitive instincts. Such books do not aid to any real extent the development of the individual's imagination, the widening and refining of his emotional and intellectual sympathies, the enriching of his inner life, in which the real value of literature consists. This can only be done by the constructive criticism of those artistic creations, which expresses the ideals of men who have fully realised the beauty, physical and spiritual, of the world, and who have responded, acutely and personally, to the delicate harmonies that are in Nature. For creative criticism is the key of all development. And this deepening of the spiritual life it is which makes literature such an important factor in the civilization of the world, under the present conditions, perhaps the most important. Thanks to the spread of compulsory education, it places unlimited possibilities within reach of everyone. But the realization of these possibilities depends upon the reader; partly upon his nature and the opportunities it has had for expansion and development, but chiefly upon the spirit in which he approaches the domain of art. To read a book merely to improve the mind, or to acquire a certain amount of dead knowledge with a social value, is to trample, with heavy stolid tread, through fields of delicate flowers, in search of a worm. Few works, however great, could withstand such a brutal, intellectual attack. On the other hand, the attitude which consists in regarding books as a source of light pleasure, as an agreeable method of killing time, although an improvement upon the first, will certainly prove barren of any real results. Such a reader is, at best, the man about town of literature; he has a nodding acquaintance with everybody, can tell the past history of everybody who is anybody, and yet knows nobody. He never attempts to appreciate motives, study character, or make friends, and finally finds his level amongst congenial nonentities who never stimulate any unpleasant intellectual or emotional effort. But to him who strives, by intelligent and active appreciation, to interpret, spontaneously and sympathetically, the many sensations and emotions, aroused either directly by personal experience or indirectly by adequate expressions of the reactions of others, literature offers rich treasure. It will comfort him in his sorrow and rejoice with him in his gladness; in it he will find the expression of his secret thoughts, and voice will be lent to his unuttered aspirations. He will live a thousand lives and die a thousand deaths—enjoy a thousand destinies. And life, whatever his conditions and surroundings, will be broken up, in this crystal of many facets, into the most radiant colours. For all art is indeed useless. CORRESPONDENCE ENGLAND'S NEST OF SINGING BIRDS To the Editor, THE EGOIST. MADAM,—Do you not see me retreat across the stage, my "foul abuse" beaten down by the "co-ordinated connexion" of Miss Pulley's terrible tirades? Faith, I was almost drowned in a sea of commas. Dry land in the sixth paragraph: "Life in future can only be dealt with in fragments." Dead arc all the gods, now will we have the little great man, the specialist. There is no doubt that Miss Pulley rightly postulates the existence of a frame of mind that demands a respectable art, easily appreciable by "lesser men." Wrongly, she supposes it a product of modern times. There have always been, and always will be, minds that take refuge in a confession of intellectual impotence before the surface complexity of life. Life is too much for us. they say: give us it in little chunks— "interesting," "accurate" chunks. Miss Pulley suggests "summaries" as a definition of the work of "great men." I would suggest "symbols," were the word not tainted by association with Maeterlinckian spooks. I do suggest that there has been and will be again a finer conception of art than Miss Pulley's vision of provocative interesting tit-bits—even, (forgive my voluptuous self-indulgence), a broad, simple conception, an ordering of life and not a surrendering to it. I am not brave enough to enter into a discussion of Greek tragedy with Miss Pulley, even did I see its co-ordinated connexion with the subject. Moreover, it might be difficult to carry on a discussion with a lady who starts off with the notion that the idea behind the classical "Fate" is interchangeable with the idea (courtesy title) behind "natural law." Neither will I deny "that man is no end of a clever dog." Clever dogs build aeroplanes; clever dogs fly in them and drop death on clever dogs below; and it is all very interesting and provocative as it appears in modern novels and poems and Drury Lane melodramas. An artist might make fine tragedy or fine comedy of it: that would be bad form and full of the sprouted seeds of self-obliteration. (Forgive me if I wander: there are so many paragraphs in Miss Pulley's letter, and so much complexity among the fragments.) Taken all in all, Miss Pulley's ideal is a confession of failure: that there are no longer minds able to do more than chip off chunks of life and polish them. Artists are to be content to be one of the family, and not go setting themselves up to be better than other folk. Above all, they must be accurate, though they deal only in fragments. I do not know what an accurate fragment is, but I think it may mean an Imagist poem. Life is complex (Miss Pulley says so), but there are no longer two sides to an argument. I am almost persuaded to become a specialist, taking my stand with Miss Pulley and the rest of the "austerely restrained," and greet the world after the fashion of the dales where I live: "All t'warld's daft but tha and me, and tha's very queer at times." I believe that Mme. Ciolkowska and I should agree. For the sake of convenience, I drew a wavering line between the older men— Hardy. Wells, Galsworthy, Chesterton—and the younger, or at least the later-known men—Joyce, and the Imagists. I might wander into a series of arguments—that Conrad's genius can no more be claimed for England than that of Goethe or Alfieri or Pushkin; that Hardy wrote "Jude the Obscure" for super-kitchen-maids; that Mr. Wells was once a great novelist—when he made Mr. Polly—but becoming rich and an aristocrat, he has lost himself in the Serbonian bog of sex-novels: that when Mr. Bennett is not writing of kitchens he is nearly always writing of parlours, which are worse. It would be vastly unprofitable. My point was roughly this—that the older men have not so far justified the homage paid ##January 1, 1916 THE EGOIST 15 them by rising to the present great occasion, and that the younger men have not even the excuse of a faded glory. I grant Mme. Ciolkowska—joyfully—one of her great men. Synge was an artist in the highest sense of the word, and he is dead in fact, as the others are in spirit. Believe me, I do not yearn for an imitated classicism—grateful as one may be for the earlier Hofmannsthal—any more than (pace Miss Pulley) I yearn to sink in the voluptuous seeds of self-obliteration. But I have faith in the possibility of a finer art than the. interesting, the provocative, and the accurate. That such attributes are offered as essentially applicable to modern art is almost a justification of facile abuse. Were I a modern artist, instead of an offensive journalist, I might pray to be saved from these my friends. MARGARET STORM JAMESON. "MOTHER EARTH" To the Editor, THE EGOIST, MADAM,—In your November issue Mr. Richard Aldington writes an interesting article on the best magazines now published in the United States. I am sorry to say he has overlooked the best of them all—Mother Earth, edited by Emma Goldman and Alexander Berkman. I think it may safely be said that Emma Goldman is at this moment the most effective person in the United States. No other person has been so successful in breaking through the dense crust of American Philistinism. Miss Goldman's greatest triumph consists, of course, in her breaking down the power of the police and the drastic laws against free speech. She is known to the police as "the woman who cannot be stopped," and they never try to stop her if they can possibly help it. For instance, to give information about birth control is a crime equal to arson or rape in the United States. One doctor was sent to prison for ten years and fined £2000 for such an offence, and there have been many other sentences not much lighter. Emma Goldman glories in defying this law, and in letting Mrs. Grundy know that she is defying it. She advertises a lecture on "Birth Control," gets a vast crowd together, then under the noses of many policemen she gives such minute details that the education of the most innocent person is complete before the meeting closes. It is needless to read any supplementary leaflet. Strange to say, the ferocious American police become quite tame in presence of Miss Goldman. Some time ago she addressed a garden-party in a clergyman's garden, and nineteen policemen were present; but they were quite subdued. One of the greatest occasions in Emma Goldman's life was when she went to Mrs. Pankhurst's meeting in New York. It was a very large meeting, and full arrangements had been made for the sale of Miss Christabel Pankhurst's book, "The Great Scourge," at the doors and in an adjoining book-store. To the consternation of the very proper persons who compose the suffrage movement in New York, Emma Goldman arrived with a pamphlet prepared for the occasion, called "Emma Goldman's Argument against Chastity." The two books were hawked in competition by earnest missionaries crying their respective wares at the entrance. Alexander Berkman is also a remarkable man. He endured fourteen years' imprisonment for trying to assassinate a millionaire, and came out of prison as fiery a revolutionist as he went in. Like Milton's Satan, he bears "a mind not to be changed by place or time"; possibly not even by argument. I should say that Mr. Berkman is the most competent living critic of the prison system. H Mother Earth has also the merit of being written by people who have more aesthetic feeling than propagandists usually possess. Miss Goldman is fond of lecturing on dramatists and poets, and of using Ibsen, Wilde, and so on, as pegs for Anarchist inscriptions. Her magazine is as good in literary quality as most of those named by Mr. Aldington, and superior in intellectual quality. R. B. KERR. Kelowna, British Columbia. BACK NUMBERS OF The New Freewoman and The Egoist CONTAINING Remy de Gourmont's novel, "The Horses of Diomedes" (Aug. 15th, 1913—March 1st, 1914), and Jamas Joyce's "A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man" (Feb. 2nd, 1914—Sep. 1st, 1915). Unobtainable Elsewhere. Containing also prose by: Dora Marsden, Richard Aldington, Peter Altenburg (translated), H. Gaudier-Brzeska, Huntly Carter, Madame Ciolkowska, John Cournos, F. S. Flint, Remy de Gourmont (translated), Frances Gregg, Leigh Henry (music), Ford Madox Hueffer, R. W. Kauffman, Comte de Leautrèamont (translated), Wyndham Lewis, Harold Monro, M. Montagu-Nathan (music), Ezra Pound, Benjamin Tucker, Allen Upward, Rebecca West, and many others. Poetry by: Richard Aldington, Skipwith Cannell, H.D., John Gould Fletcher, F. S. Flint, Robert Frost, Paul Fort (in French), D. H. Lawrence, Amy Lowell, Ezra Pound, J. Rodker, May Sinclair, W. C. Williams, and others both English and French. To be obtained from the Publishing Office: OAKLEY HOUSE. BLOOMSBURY STREET, LONDON, W.C. Price 6½d copy (post free); U.S.A. 15 cents. THE POETS' TRANSLATION SERIES (Second Prospectus) LIST OF PUBLICATIONS IN THE SERIES The first five are now ready. Number six will be ready February 1, 1916. The others will be published monthly on the 1st of each month. First Six Pamphlets 1. The poems of Anyte of Tegea, translated by Richard Aldington. 2d. net. Second edition in preparation. 2. The poems and fragments of Sappho, translated by Edward Storer. 4d. net. Second, revised and complete edition in preparation. 3. The choruses of Iphigeneia in Aulis of Euripides, translated by H. D. 6d. net. 4. Latin Poems of the Renaissance, translated by Richard Aldington. 4d. net. 5. The poems of Leonidas of Tarentum, translated by James Whitall. 6d. net. 6. The "Mosella" of D. M. Ausonius, translated by F. S. Flint. 6d. net. The set of six, 2s. net. Second Six Pamphlets 7. The Windflowers of Asklepiades and poems of Poseidippos, translated anonymously. 4d. net. 8. The choruses of Ion of Euripides, translated by H. D. 6d. net. 9. The poems of Meleager of Gardara, translated by Richard Aldington. 1s. net. 10. The "Rustic Letters" of Aelianus, translated by Edward Storer. 6d. net. 11. "On the Care of Gardens" of Columella, translated by Alec W. G. Randall. 6d. net. 12. The "Hero and Leander" of Musaeus, translated by James Whitall. 4d. net. The set of six, 3s. net. The set of twelve, 5s. net. For separate items add 1d. postage. Fifty copies of each of the pamphlets, beginning with number 4, are printed on Van Gelder paper, with large margins, bound in Windsor Castle boards, numbered and signed by the author. Forty-eight of each of these are for sale at 1s. 6d. net, post free—in the case of Meleager (No. 9), which is so much larger than the others, the price will be 2s. 6d. Subscription for the edition de luxe of all the pamphlets in the second series is 9s. Part of each of these translations will appear simultaneously in "The Egoist." Subscriptions should be sent to: Richard Aldington, 7 Christchurch Place, Hampstead, N.W. Separate copies can be obtained from "The Egoist," Oakley House, Bloomsbury Street, London, W.C. EDITORIAL. Letters, etc., intended for the Editor of THE EGOIST should be addressed to Oakley House, Bloomsbury Street, London, W.C. TERMS OF SUBSCRIPTION. Yearly, 6/6; U.S.A. $1.60. Six months, 3/3; U.S.A. $ .80. Three months 1/9; U.S.A. $ .40. Single copies 7d., post free to all countries. Cheques, postal and money orders, etc., should be payable to THE NEW FREEWOMAN, LTD., and crossed "Parr's Bank, Bloomsbury Branch." ADVERTISEMENT RATES. Per page £4. Quarter page £1 1s. 0d. Per inch single column, 4s. Half rates after first insertion All advertisements must be prepaid. ##16 THE EGOIST January 1, 1916 THE LITTLE REVIEW Literature, Drama, Music, Art MARGARET C. ANDERSON, Editor The new monthly that has been called "the most unique journal in existence." THE LITTLE REVIEW is a magazine that believes in Lire for Art's sake, in the Individual rather than in Incomplete People, in an Age of Imagination rather than of Reasonableness; a magazine interested in Past, Present, and Future, but particularly in the New Hellenism; a magazine written for Intelligent People who can Feel, whose philosophy is Applied Anarchism, whose policy is a Will to Splendour of Life, and whose function is—to express itself. One Year, U.S.A., $1.50; Canada, $1.65; Great Britain, 7/- THE LITTLE REVIEW 917 Fine Arts Building, Chicago, U.S.A. Enclosed find Seven Shillings for one year's sub- scription, beginning........................... Name............................................................ Address......................................................... THE DRAMA In the late autumn number of "The Drama" there is much of exceeding interest to constant or casual followers of the stage. "Ben Jonson Entertains a Man from Stratford." A Poem. By Edward Arlington Robinson. "The Stage." By Rabindranath Tagore. "Los Intereses Creados." A Puppet Play in three Acts. By Benaventa. "Benavente" By Dr. Julius Brouta. "The Portmanteau Theatre." By Grace Humphrey (The Modern Drama Society). "The Evolution of the Actor." (II.) By Arthur Pollock. "Playing 'Hamlet' as Shakespeare Staged it in 1601." (II.) By Charlotte Porter. Short articles on new dramatic projects, reviews of books on the drama and of the newly published plays, and bibliographical material complete the number. Single copies, seventy five cents Yearly Subscription, three dollars 736 MARQUETTE BUILDING, CHICAGO "Et j'ai voulu la paix" POÈMES Par ANDRÉ SPIRE Author of "Versets," "Vers les Routes Absurdes," etc. A little book of unpublished poems written just before and during the war. M. Spire has been in Nancy, within a few kilometres of the firing-line, since August 1914. The Egoist, in publishing these poems by as well known an author as M. Spire, hopes to reach that fairly numerous public in England which reads French, and hopes also to follow up this book with other small collections of new French poetry by the younger poets. Copies may be obtained from THE EGOIST, or from RICHARD ALDINGTON, 7 Christchurch Place, Hampstead, N.W. Price 6d net. Postage 1d EDITION LIMITED TO 750 COPIES POETRY BOOKSHOP CHAPBOOKS READY DECEMBER 1st. IMAGES. By RICHARD ALDINGTON. 8d net (postage 1d). CADENCES. By F. S. FLINT. 8d net (postage 1d). ANTWERP. By FORD MADOX HUEFFER. Decorated by Wyndham Lewis, 3d net (postage 1d). CHILDREN OF LOVE. By HAROLD MONRO. 6d net (postage 1d). Second Impression. THE POETRY BOOKSHOP 35 Devonshire St., Theobalds Rd., London, W.C. "Greenwich Village" Greenwich Village! A republic in the air! A gathering of constantly changing men and women that have a past or have a future and live in both. Greenwich Village! Where genius starved and gave the world the best it had, where fortunes were squandered and fortunes made, where heavens of earthly bliss prevail and tortures of hell are suffered, where night and day ceased to be the regulating element of the world, where new ideas are developed into systems, into systems that will be overthrown to-morrow and substituted by others that will not live any longer. A SEMI-MONTHLY. Subscription, Two Dollars and Fifty Cents a year. FOB, SALE at the Anglo-American Exchange, 3 Northumberland Avenue, London, S.W. Edited and published by Guido Bruno, at 58 Washington Square, New York. Ten cents a number. Printed by BALLANTYNE, HANSON and CO. LTD., Tavistock Street, Covent Garden, W.C., and published by the Proprietors, THE NEW FREEWOMAN, LTD., at Oakley House, Bloomsbury Street, London, W.C.##