The Crisis . THE CRISIS RECORD OF THE DARKER RACES Vol. 8—No. 2 JUNE, 1914 Whole No. 44 THE SPINGARN MEDAL ONE DOLLAR A YEAR TEN CENTS A COPY The Life of Norris Wright Cuney A Tribune of the Black People By MAUD CUNEY HARE (HIS DAUGHTER) PRESS COMMENTS From the "Sun," New York City: A biography that is interesting in itself and that throws much light en the politics o f Texas and the South for a quarter of a century is "Norris Wright Cuney." written by his daughter, Maud Cuney Hare (The Crisis Publishing Company, New York). Mr. Cuney was a Republican leader in Texas from the period of reconstruction to the convention that nominated Mr. McKinley: at one time he was collector o f the port o f Galveston. His daughter writes a stirring tale of politics, showing her father's qualities as a leader. The little volume is very attractive in its makeup. From the "Journal," Providence. R. I.: Distinctly interesting i s this biography of a colored politician, written by his daughter. * * * Throughout his life he made a brave light for honesty and fair treatment for the race to which his somewhat dark skin made him belong; and his daughter has continued the struggle. The story of Mr. Cuney's life shows him to have been a singularly lovable as well as forceful personality, and t o have won friends among both races by his absolute sincerity. That he was also a man o f considerable ability will not 230 pages. be questioned. As a human document the volume makes a strong appeal. From the "Transcript," Boston, Mass.: The loss of consideration suffered by Southern black citizens since they were counselled thus to let politics alone, by Republicans as well as Democrats, in the places o f power at Washington, is vividly brought to mind by the volume just published by Mrs. Maud Cuney Hare, of Jamaica Plain. It is a life o f her father, N. Wright Cuney, a remarkable colored man o f substance, character and brains, who. years before President Harrison appointed him collector of the port at Galveston, had been twice elected alderman o f the city, and had served on its water commission, on the aldermen's finance committee and in other posts o f honor and responsibility at the call o f fellow-townsmen. From the "A. M. E. Christian Recorder," Philadelphia, Pa.: Mrs. Hare gives a very vivid picture o f the part played by Mr. Cuney in the Republican national conventions, as national committeeman from Texas and as collector of customs of the por t o f Galveston. The book is a valuable addition to literature. Postpaid $1.50 THE CRISIS PUBLISHING COMPANY 70 FIFTH AVENUE NEW YORK CITY Mention THE CRISIS THE CRISIS A RECORD OF THE DARKER RACES PUBLISHED BY THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE, AT 70 FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK CITY Conducted by W. E. BURGHARDT DU BOIS AUGUSTUS GRANVILLE DILL, Business Manager Contents copyrighted. 1914 , by the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People Contents for June, 1914 PICTURES COVER. The Spingarn Medal. Page THE NEW COLORED MASONIC TEMPLE AT JACKSONVILLE, FLA 65 EMANCIPATION. (Photographed from the group by Meta Warrick Fuller.) 82 THE SHELL ROAD WITCH. (Photographed from life by L. R. Miner.) 90 ARTICLES A SONG OF MAY AND JUNE. A Poem. By James D. Corrothers 79 THE SPINGARN MEDAL 88 LISTEN, O ISLES! A Poem. By James D. Corrothers 89 THE SHELL ROAD WITCH. A Story. By M. Budd 91 DEPARTMENTS ALONG THE COLOR LINE 59 MEN OF THE MONTH 66 OPINION 69 EDITORIAL 76 THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE. The Sixth Annual Conference 80 HISTORY AND FACTS 94 TEN CENTS A COPY; ONE DOLLAR A YEAR FOREIGN SUBSCRIPTIONS TWENTY-FIVE CENTS EXTRA RENEWALS : When a subscription blank is attached to this page a renewal of your subscription is desired. The date of the expiration of your subscription will be found on the wrapper. CHANGE OF ADDRESS: The address of a subscriber can be changed as often as desired. In ordering a change of address, both the old and the new address must be given. Two weeks' notice is required. MANUSCRIPT S and drawings relating to colored people are desired. They must be accompanied by return postage. If found unavailable they will be returned. Entered as Second-class Matter in the Post Office at New York, N. Y. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Atlanta University Is beautifully	 located in the City of Atlanta, Ga. The courses of study include High School, Nor mal School and College, with manual training and domestic	 science. Among the teachers are graduates of Tale, Harvard, Dartmouth and Wellesley. Forty-four years of successful work have been completed. Students come from all parts of the South. Graduates are almost universally successful. For further information address President EDWARD T. WARE ATLANTA, GA. Knoxville College Beautiful Situation. Healthful Location. The Best Moral and Spiritual Environment. A Splendid Intellectual Atmosphere. Noted for Honest and Thorough Work. Offers full courses in the following departments: College, Normal, High School, Grammar School and Industrial. Good water, steam heat, electric lights, good drainage. Expenses very reasonable. Opportunity for Self-help. Fall Term Begins September, 1914. For information address President R. W. McGRANAHAN KNOXVILLE, TENN. The fifteenth annual session of the State Summer School for Colored Teachers of both sexes at the Agricultural and Mechanical College GREENSBORO, N. C. will begin June 29, 1914, and continue five weeks. In addition to the regular work, an attractive lecture course has been arranged, in which will appear some of the most distinguished white and colored educators in the country. Board and lodging for the entire session, $12; tuition 25 cents per subject, unless other arrangements have been made. Limited accommodations. Send $1 and have room reserved in advance. For further	 information write at once to JAMES B. DUDLEY, President, or D. J. JORDAN, Director, A . &amp; M . College, Greensboro, N . C. LINCOLN INSTITUTE Jefferson City, Missouri Founded by the Negro soldiers of the 64th and 65th Regiments. Supported by the State of Missouri. One of the best-equipped schools in the country for the education of Negro boys and girls. Normal, Collegiate, Agricultural and Industrial Courses. Normal diplomas carrying with them the degree B. Pd. are life certificates to teach in the public schools of Missouri. The degree A. B. conferred upon those who complete the collegiate course. Four teachers of Music: Voice Culture, Piano, Violin, Band and Orchestr a Practice. Elocution, Athletics, Drawing and Art. Board $9.50 a month. Tuition $3.00 the year to Missouri students. All others pay $13.00 a year. Catalog free. B. F. ALLEN, A. M., LL. D. President. Morehouse College (Formerly Atlanta Baptist College) ATLANTA, GA. College, Academy, Divinity School An institution famous within recent years for its emphasis on all sides of manly development—the only institution in the far South devoted solely to the education of Negro young men. Graduates given high ranking by greatest Northern universities. Debating, Y. M. C. A., athletics, all live features. For	 information address JOHN HOPE, President. ST. MARY'S SCHOOL An Episcopal boarding and day school for girls, under the direction of the Sisters of St. Mary. Address: THE SISTER-IN-CHARGE 611 N. 43d St. W . Philadelphia, Pa. Fisk University NASHVILLE, TENN. Founded 1866 C. W . Morrow, Dean Thorough Literary, Scientific, Educational and Social Science Courses. Pioneer in Negro music. Special study in Negro history. Ideal and sanitary buildings and grounds. Well-equipped Science building. Christian home life. High standards of independent manhood and womanhood. Mention THE CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 5 7 The National Religious Training School "I cordially commend the school's interest and needs to all who believe in the Negro race and in our obligation to help promote its intellectual, moral and religious uplift." -REV. DR. CHARLES H . PARKHURST, New York City. IT IS MORE THAN A MERE SCHOOL IT IS A COMMUNITY OF SERVICE AND UPLIFT Its influence is destined to be felt in all sections of the country in improved Negro community life wherever our trained workers locate. Settlement workers, missionaries for home and foreign mission fields, Y. M. C. A. and Y. W. C. A. secretaries and district nurses receive a comprehensive grasp of their studies under a Wellesley graduate and experienced co-workers and actual every-day practice through the school's SOCIAL SERVICE DEPARTMENT. W e aim also to create a better qualified ministry. Industrial training, advanced literary branches, business school. Thirty-two acres; ten modern buildings; healthful location. W e can accommodate a few more earnest, ambitious students. Communities requiring social workers should write us. For catalog and detailed information address: PRESIDENT JAMES E. SHEPARD National Religious Training School - Durham, N. C. The school has no endowment fund and must raise a yearly maintenance fund of $15,000 for running expenses. Won't you help us this year? The Cheyney Training School for Teachers CHEYNEY, PENNSYLVANIA Under the management of the Society of Friends. Beautifully located, healthful, well appointed, and within easy reach of a great variety of educational institutions, public and private, extending from West Chester to Philadelphia; representing a wide range of educational problems and practice. This school offers to young colored men and women who have a reasonable secondary school preparation, and who earnestly desire to become teachers, carefully graded courses in academic work, domestic science, domestic art, manual crafts and agriculture. For teachers of experience and intending teachers it offers also a six weeks' summer-school course, extending from July 1 to August 12. Tuition is free. Board, lodging, heat, light and laundry privileges are offered for nine months for $100. The charge for the same during the summer-school course is $15. Write for particulars to LESLIE PINCKNEY HILL, Principal Mention TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Morgan College and Branches JOHN 0. SPENCER, President MORGAN COLLEGE, Baltimore, Md. LOCATION : Central in great college town between North and South. COURSES: Preparatory, Normal, Music, Advanced Education, Collegiate, Appropriate Degrees. INSTRUCTORS: College and University trained. Seven Colleges and Universities represented in Faculty. DORMITORIES: For a limited number, furnished. TERMS: Very reasonable. DEAN: Rev. Charles Edmund Young, D. D. PRINCESS ANNE ACADEMY, Princess Anne, Md. (The Eastern branch of the Maryland Agricultural College.) LOCATION: The famous Eastern shore of Maryland, Somerset County. COURSES: Preparatory, Normal, Industrial, Do mestic Science, Music. INSTRUCTORS: Collegiate and Technically trained. DORMITORIES: Carefully supervised, furnished. TERMS : Free tuition; other expenses moderate. PRINCIPAL: Rev. Thomas H. Kiah, A. B. VIRGINIA COLLEGIATE and INDUSTRIAL INSTITUTE, Lynchburg, Va. LOCATION: On beautiful hill, suburb of growing city. COURSES: Preparatory, Normal, Domestic Science, Gardening, Music. INSTRUCTORS: College trained: carefully selected. DORMITORIES: Furnished; steam heat; accom modations for 5 0 girls; carefully supervised. TERMS : Within the reach of all. PRINCIPAL: Frank Trigg, A. M. ALL SCHOOLS OPEN SEPTEMBER 28, 1914. RELIABLE, LIVE, RESPONSIBLE MEN who can sell real estate can MAKE MORE than $200 PER MONTH acting as AGENTS for the sale of our properties in MUSKOGEE and TAFT, OKLAHOMA. The real coming country where there are opportunities and openings for all. Write us to-day, giving your age and experience, and we will offer you a FINE PROPOSITION WHICH WILL MAKE YOU MONEY. Address REEVES REALTY CO. Department C 217 Flynn-Ames Bldg. Muskogee, Okla. OF INTEREST TO VOCAL STUDENTS TONE-PLACING AND VOICE - DEVELOPMENT Points explained, viz.: Breath in Singing, Trying the Voice, the Soprano, the Mezzo-Soprano, the Contralto, Tenor Leggiero or High Tenor, the Baritone, the Base, Parts of the Vocal Apparatus, the Mouth, the Tongue, Position When Practising, Position When Singing, How to Practice, Good Rules for Singing. Comment from the world-renowned conductor of the Paulist Choir of Chicago, Ill., whose choir has just received the first prize awarded at the Singing Contest held in Paris on May 25, 1912: "Dear Mr. Tlnsley: "I TAKE great pleasure in commending your very useful and succinctly written book on 'Tone-Placing and VOICE. DEVELOPment.' Your own appreciation of the psychology of singing and the fundamental principles of the art you have cleverly reduced to a simple system. Cordially yours, "Father WILLIAM J. FINN. C. 8. P.. Director Paulist Choristers of Chicago." From "Musical Courier," N . Y.: "A very practical little book is 'Tone-Placing and Voice-Development,' by Pedro T. Tinsley. It contains some very excellent material and vocal exercises, and should be in the hands of all vocal students." From "MUSIC News," Chicago, Ill: "Accordingly his 'Practical Method of Singing' is a most concise and practical utile manual, containing many valuable vocal exercises. It cannot fall to be helpful to all ambitious vocal students." HELPED HIM GREATLY "Since I practised your exercises of 'Tone-Placing and Voice-Development' my voice is more resonant than it has been for years. It seems to me that I am getting a new voice." Prof. John T. Layton, Director Coleridge-Taylor Musical Society, 1722 10th St., N. W., Washington, D. C. PRICE $1.00 Address the publisher: Pedro T. Tinsley, 6418 Drexel Ave., Chicago, Ill.; or Clayton P. Summy, 64 E. Van Buren St., or Lyon &amp; Healy, Adams and Wabash Ave., Chicago, Ill. ANNOUNCEMENT We desire intelligent persons to act as our local distributors in communities where we are not already represented. Would be pleased to hear from students and teachers during vacation, or any reliable person able to furnish best references. Salary $9 a week. SOUTHERN DISTRIBUTORS COMPANY Odd Fellows Auditorium --- Atlanta, Ga. AGENTS MAKE $10.00 PER DAY and more selling our famous Negro picture, "A Joyful Welcome Into Heaven," the finest picture ever painted with the Negro as a subject. Semi-religious. Sells at sight. Send 15 cents in stamps or coin for 50-cent sample and agent's terms. Money back if not satisfied at first glance. THE DOUGLAS SPECIALTIES COMPANY, Dept. K 3548 Vernon Avenue Chicago, Ill. Mention TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS Vol. 8—No. 2 JUNE. 1914 Whole No. 44 ALONG THE COLOR LINE EDUCATION. DR. ANDREW D. WHITE, president •""^ emeritus of Cornell University, and former ambassador to Germany, has offered two prizes for the best papers on the history and future of the Negro delivered at a contest in the colored Methodist church in Ithaca, N. Y. fl St. Elmo Brady, a young colored man of Louisville, Ky., who is doing post-graduate work in chemistry at the University of Illinois, has been awarded a scholarship at this university extending over two years. &lt;I The sum of $10,000 has been bequeathed by Miss Lucy Belknap, of Louisville, Ky., for the education of colored girls and women in that city. &lt;I William M. Brooks, a colored senior in the Keokuk (Ia.) High School, won first honor in the annual oratorical contest of the Keohi Literary Society. He read Dunbar's "When Malindy Sings." Q Mrs. H. L. Carroll and Miss Amy Davis were the two colored graduates the past term from the William Penn Evening High School for Women in Philadelphia. Mrs. Carroll received honorable mention. &lt;I The recitation hall of the Joseph K. Brick School, in Enfield, N. C , was burned recently. The loss was $7,000, partly covered by insurance. 9 Mrs. C. J. Walker, a colored business woman of Indianapolis, is said to be founding an industrial school in West Pondoland, South Africa. ^ Atlanta University, defending the affirmative side of the question, "Shall the United States Disclaim the Monroe Doctrine as a Part of Its Foreign Policy?" won from Fisk in the annual debate. In a debate on the same subject Fisk lost to Howard. Wilber-force came off victorious in the annual debate with Howard. The question was: "That the Federal Government Should Own and Operate the Telegraph and Telephone Syst tems of the United States." * Lloyd P. Fisher, using Corwin's "War with Mexico," won the first honors for Storer College, Harper's Ferry, W. Va., in the annual oratorical contest with Morgan College in Baltimore. Mary Moorman won second prize for Morgan. *I William H. Taft has been elected president of the board of trustees of Hampton Insti tute in place of the late Robert C. Ogden. •I Wellington Willard, a young art student, through the recommendation of the art teacher in the Newport High School, is the first colored person to be accepted in the classes of the Art Association, of Newport, R. I. ^ All of the schools under the Freedmen's Aid Society, formerly called universities, have been renamed and will be known here after as colleges. This has been done so that the actual work of the school will be represented by the name. &lt;I The Mount Pilgrim Baptist Sunday-school convention, which met recently at East Lake, Ala., raised $1,500 for the completion of the first building of the Birmingham Baptist College for Negroes. THE CRISIS * Because of lack of funds, Leonard Hospital and the law school of Shaw University, Raleigh, N. C , will be discontinued. The medical course will be changed from a four-to a two-year course. &lt; The alumni and many others connected with Fisk University are said to be protesting against the continuation of Senator Luke from Tennessee as a trustee of the school, since he voted for the repeal of the Fifteenth Amendment. * The faculty, graduates and friends of Meharry Medical College, in Nashville, Tenn., celebrated the fiftieth anniversary of Dean G. W. Hubbard's service in the college. Dr. and Mrs. Hubbard were presented with a silver service. MUSIC AND ART. THE national convention of Congrega tional Workers Among Colored People met in Washington, D. C , April 15 to 19. On April 17, at the First Congregational Church, a convention concert was held under the auspices of the Women's Missionary Society. All the artists were colored. Choral numbers were given by the Howard Glee Club, the Washington Folk Singers and the Fisk Jubilee Singers. The soloists were Mrs. Sylvia Olden, of Bricks, N. C , soprano, and Mr. Roy Tibbs, organist, assisted by Mr. John Butler, of Philadelphia, Pa., reader. ^ Miss Ada Crogman, graduate of the Emerson School of Oratory, Boston, and teacher of elocution at the State Normal School of Montgomery, Ala., was heard in a spring recital at Dexter Avenue Church in Montgomery. 1 "The Senior." a play written by Edwin Bateman Norris, was presented at Atlanta University by the University Players' Club, of Atlanta, Ga., on April 10. Mrs. Milton Thompson directed the performance. Inci dental music was furnished by the university orchestra. On Easter Sunday afternoon a song re cital was given at the university by Mrs. Alexina Carter-Barrell, the American singer of Boston. Mrs. Barrel], who gave a diversi fied program, was accompanied by Miss Haskell. , &lt;I Mr. Clarence C. White, violinist, of Boston, was presented by the Professional Club, of Philadelphia, on April 16, at the Parkway Auditorium. He was assisted by Mrs. Mary Smith, soprano; R. Henri Robinson, pianist, and T. H. Schackleford, reader. *J Mr. William Speights, the tenor of light smooth voice and finish, appeared in a joint recital with Mrs. Marjorie Groves-Robinson, a pianist, on April 24, in Washington, D. C. The recital was the third of a series of artists' recitals given by the Washington Conservatory of Music. « The Renaissance Players, with Mr. Nathaniel Guy, gave "The Common Enemy" at the Majestic Theatre at Washington, D. C, on April 18. * An interesting musical organization composed of female voices is the Treble Clef, of Samuel Houston College, at Austin, Tex., which was organized two years ago for public performances in the interest of the college. The soloists, Misses Hollingsworth, Morgan and Williams, possess soprano voices of unusual excellence. The director is Mr. Arthur R. Grant, of Washington Conservatory of Music. Mr. Grant, who directs the vocal music of the college, is a young tenor of large voice of excellent quality and emphatic sentiment. 1 A number of fine modern public-school building's for colored youth have been recently erected in the State of Texas, among which are the high school at Austin and the Frederick Douglass School at Dallas, which contains twenty rooms. At the last named the office and rest-room furnishings and a player-piano were contributed by popular subscription from the colored citizens of the city. One of the large grammar schools of Dallas has been renamed this spring by the school board after the late Wright Cuney, of Texas. 1 The eighth concert to be given by the People's Choral Society, of Philadelphia, was that of March 20, at Musical Fund Hall. The society, which numbers over 100 voices, presented a program that was composed entirely of numbers drawn from the works of colored composers, and sung under the directorship of Alfred J. Hill. The chorus was assisted by Dr. M. Abdallah Guillaume, baritone, and the W. H. Cole Trio—Miss Mildred M. Cole, piano; Harry F. Cole, vio lin, and W. H. Cole, 'cello. The accompanists were Miss Elizabeth Benson and Miss Blanche Poole. • At the invitation of Mrs. Briggs, teacher of voice and wife of a prominent white at ALONG THE COLOR LINE torney of Taylor, Tex., Mrs. Maud Cuney Hare, pianist, and Mr. William H. Richardson, baritone, of Boston, Mass., who are touring in Northern Texas, gave an informal musicale at the Briggs Studio, in Taylor, on April 14. At Denton, on April 27, the Hare-Richardson recital was given in the circuit court assembly hall before an audience composed of representative men and women. q The Coleridge-Taylor Club, of Norfolk, Va., presented Mr. R. Nathaniel Dett, instructor at Hampton Institute, in a piano recital on May 5. Mr. Dett was assisted by Miss Blanche Smith, contralto; Miss Annie Spiller, soprano; Miss Eliza Coppage, reader, and Mr. William Kemp, violinist. q The Lincoln Institute Choral Society, Jefferson City, Mo., presented the cantata, "Messiah Victorious," at Easter. q The Y. M. C. A. of Fisk University, Nashville, Tenn., recently presented a comedy, "Every Student," which was written and staged by two of the students, Louis Harper and J. W . Collins. q The 132d salon of the Society of French Artists, which is known as the Old Salon, as distinguished from that of the National Society of Fine Arts, opened in Paris on April 29. The exhibit, the largest in the world, included several thousand paintings and pieces of sculpture. H. O. Tanner, the American artist, who lives in Paris, has two fine canvases that are said by the reviews to be the best pictures Mr. Tanner has done for years, and full of religious feeling. One represents Christ at the home of Lazarus; the other shows Mary seated with a lighted taper in her hand. The effect of shadow and light has been noted particularly, q Mrs. Viola Spikes-Kitchen, of San Francisco, appeared in a piano recital before a large audience in Los Angeles, Cal. She was supported by Minnie Albritton, soprano; Ethyle Miller, contralto; Gwendolyne Baker, violinist; Mamie V. Cunningham, reader, and Eugenie Baker, accompanist, q Miss Ruth Day, a young colored girl, was the leading soprano in a chorus of 150 voices which rendered a May-day program at the high school in Mount Vernon, 0. SOCIAL UPLIFT. A LARGE number of colored women of Atlanta, Ga., with Mrs. John Hope as chairman, have organized a civic-improve ment committee and have protested to the city council against the poor public-school conditions for colored children. A little has been done to improve the schools, and Clark University, a colored institution, has given the ground for a public school in South Atlanta. There are hundreds of colored children in this section of the city and not a single public school. The committee is now trying to get an appropriation from the city to erect a building on the ground given by Clark. q Many colored working girls of Toledo, O., have formed a girls' industrial club. These girls have secured the use of a gymnasium in the city for certain nights and hold their social meetings in the colored Knights of Pythias Hall. For their classes of various kinds a few homes in the city are open. q An association of thirty-two colored women are carrying on a day nursery for colored children at Los Angeles, Cal. q The State tuberculosis commission of Kentucky has appointed a visiting Negro nurse at Henderson, Ky. q Howard Drew, the colored athlete, equaled the world's record at a meet in Los Angeles, Cal., in the 50 and 60-yard dashes, and at the games of the Loughlin Lyceum ia the Thirteenth Regiment armory, New York, he ran 90 yards in nine and two-fifth seconds, which is one-fifth of a second faster than the world's record. At Philadelphia, in the relay carnival of the University of Pennsylvania, Drew won the running broad jump with twenty-two feet, and the 100-yard dash, q Phyllis W. Waters, a young colored freshman at the University of Michigan, has won much praise for her skilful playing in a basketball game between the juniors and freshmen for the 'varsity championship, q William Hasbrouck, a colored elevator operator in the Spencer apartment house in New York, rescued all the tenants from fire by running the elevator, in spite of smoke and flames, until all were out. He collapsed when he reached the street, but was later revived. , q A 12-year-old colored child was playing on the railroad tracks at Gainesville, Mo., and discovered a broken rail. He ran back and told the officials of the Missouri, Kansas and Texas Railroad, who held up the outgoing train until the rail was repaired and a probable wreck avoided. 62 THE •J Mr. George Williams, a colored man, who is 64 years old and has been an employee of the Racquet Club of Philadelphia for twenty-five years, was presented with a purse of $3,000 by 100 of the original members of the club. &lt;I Edgar H. May, of Holton, Kan., who is at present studying dentistry at Howard University, in Washington, has invented a carpet-cutting and fraying machine, used in the manufacture of carpets. The young man's father owns a rug factory. &lt;I Earl St. Claire, a member of the Ninth Cavalry, stationed at Douglass, Ariz., held up two Americans and eight Mexicans who were attempting to steal guns from the camp. THE CHURCH. THE financial board of the A. M. E. Church met in its annual session at Washington, D. C , recently. The reports showed that the amount of dollar money raised in two years was $428,916.64. This does not include pastors' salaries or money raised for local purposes. The extension board of this church also met in Washington on April 29. «1 The Varick A. M. E. Zion Church, in Philadelphia, will soon be equipped for social service and educational work and will be known as the Varick Institutional Temple. More than a thousand dollars has been raised for this purpose through the efforts of the pastor, Rev. S. L. Corrothers. &lt;J The Missouri district conference of the Colored Methodist Church met in Fulton recently. Plans for raising $500,000 for educational work among Negroes were discussed. The M. E. Church will provide $400,000 if the Negroes raise $100,000. * The eighth convocation of the colored Catholics of the diocese of Tennessee was held in Columbia in April. 1 A Brazilian woman living in Rio Janeiro has given her home, valued at $10,000, to the Catholic Church to be used as a chapel, and is living in two rented rooms. &lt; Rev. George W. Camp, the colored pastor of the Zion Church in St. Paul, Minn., was •one of the two clerical commissioners of the presbytery of St. Paul to the general assembly of the Presbyterian Church. Zion Church is the only colored Presbyterian church in the State. CRISIS MEETINGS. THE National Association of Colored Women will meet at Wilberforce Uni versity, in Wilberforce, O., from August 4 to 10. ^ The National Association of Colored Schools will meet in Savannah, Ga., from July 21 to August 2. The city council has appropriated $300 for the entertainment of the association. ^ The thirty-third annual session of the Alabama State Teachers' Association con vened in Birmingham on April 7. This is, perhaps, the largest State association of colored teachers. One feature of the meeting was the industrial exhibit from colored schools held in the city hall. *I The Birmingham (Ala.) Negro Mothers' Congress held its annual meeting recently. Prof. Charles Zueblin was the principal speaker. •J The Southern sociological conference held its third session in Memphis, Tenn., May 6 to 10. • A two days' session of the National Independent Civil and Political Negro League convened in Philadelphia on April 21. 1 The summer school for teachers at the Florida A. &amp; M. College, Tallahassee, is now in session and will continue until August 1. The session at the Tennessee State Normal School, in Nashville, closes on July 17. A mass meeting in the interest of Howard University was held recently in New York. Dr. Alan Hudson, a white man, spoke and proposed a resolution that the alumni of Howard write President Wilson promising to stand by him in the present crisis in the Mexican situation. He asked for a standing vote and not a single person stood. Later Rev. Miller, of Brooklyn, who was presiding, asked that Mr. Hudson withdraw the resolution and this was done. PERSONAL. TH E nomination of Robert H. Terrell, municipal judge of the District of Columbia, was confirmed by the Senate on Friday, April 24. A large number of Senators refused to consider any other nom ination until this one had been voted upon. The vote was 39 to 24. Prof. Hugo Johnson, who was for twenty-six years president of the Virginia Normal Institute, at Petersburg, Va., is dead. ALONG THE COLOR LINE JUDGE TERRELL'S OFFICE. ECONOMICS. THE committee of one hundred, composed of colored men of Jersey City, N. J., has established the John Brown Building and Loan Association of Hudson County. Stock to the extent of $40,000 has been taken. *I During the past two years colored people of Washington, D. C, have invested $20,000 in business enterprises on U Street, between 9th and 14th. The People's Investment Company expects to open a colored department store soon on 7th Street, in a district populated by colored people. q Colored Masons in New York City have purchased two houses in Harlem at a cost of $15,000, which will be remodeled for a Masonic temple. &lt;S Baltimore colored people had a formal opening recently of the new $10,000 Pythian hall. ^ Mr. John W. Lewis, a colored business man, of Washington, D. C, recently purchased at auction the True Reformers Building for $30,300. Mr. Lewis was formerly janitor of this building. FOREIGN. PASTOR ARGUDIN, a young painter, has, according to Minerva, a paper published by colored people in Cuba, been awarded a prize by the Academy of San Fernando at Madrid for his copy of a canvas of Velasquez; and the municipality of Havana has increased the scholarship under which he is pursuing his studies at that institution. &lt;I Reports are that the authorities at Kemerun, a German colony in Africa, wish to dispossess the entire Negro population and make a colony for Europeans only. It is proposed that $500,000 be paid to the natives as compensation for their land. ^ Five West Indian masons, serving in relays of three, laid in one day of ten working hours 96,000 bricks in a brick floor of the Balboa terminals of the Panama Canal. The masons were paid 13 cents an hour for the work. ^ The South African Native National Congress met recently in Kimberley, South Africa, chiefly for the consideration of the native land act. 64 THE *J England has announced officially that native colony soldiers sentenced to imprisonment for more than six weeks shall be fettered and as many as fifty lashes inflicted. This because "black soldiers do not possess a developed soldierly honor and joy in obedience." ^ The African prince, Loben Lobengula, son of King Lobengula. the Matabele warrior, is said to be dying of consumption in London. 1 All amendments to the immigration bill providing for the exclusion of Asiatics were defeated in the House. The amendment proposed by Senator Hayes, of California, was to include in the bill all representatives of the brown, black and yellow races. THE GHETTO. J. H. GRAY, a white druggist, of Cleveland, • O., has been forced out of the management of a drug store in that place because he insisted upon employing two colored clerks. He will open a drug store in another part of the city. ^ The board of education of Cincinnati, O., is said to be planning a school "exclusively for colored people." This will be the second school for Negroes only in Cincinnati. ^ Falls City, Neb., was voted dry recently for the first time in fifty years by a solid colored vote. The majority was 172. For some lime colored people have not been allowed to enter the liquor dispensary, q The city council of Temple, Tex., has voted to give white men preference over Negroes in building sewers and waterworks extension. One hundred white men had protested. CRIME. THE following Negroes have been lynched since the last account: At Natchez, Miss., Allen Turner was lynched for striking a white man with a hoe. At Wagoner, Okla., a young 17-year-old girl was lynched after being criminally assaulted by two white men who came into the house in her mother's absence. A mob of about fifty white men seized the sheriff at Canon, Col., and marched to the jail with ropes and axes to lynch a colored man imprisoned there for murder. The sheriff's wife, however, turned in a fire alarm and telephoned to the warden at the State prison. The mob was soon disbanded. ^ Sullivan, a white census taker for the public schools of Louisville, Ky., is accused of criminally assaulting 16-year-old Mary CRISIS Woolridge, a colored girl. The deed was committed when he went to her home, in the absence of her mother, to get census reports. «J Sedalia, Mo., had a race riot recently which was quelled only when the police forces were called out. The trouble arose through a dispute between white and colored people over a merry-go-round. ^ In Hawkinsville, Ga., an 18-year-old white boy killed his sleeping uncle and then reported the ease, saying that a Negro committed the crime. Later a detective succeeded in forcing the admission of the truth from him. 1 In Norfolk, Va., a white policeman and a white woman, joy riding, ran into a gate and were injured. The officer claimed that a Negro had attacked the woman and that he had been hurt in his attempt to arrest the offender. Later the woman confessed the truth. 1 Elbert Gray, a colored youth, 19 years of age, has been sentenced to ninety-nine years in the penitentiary, charged with illicit relations with a young white woman who was said to be feeble minded. Three years ago Gray received a Carnegie medal for rescuing a child from a well. *I William Miller, a colored man of Staunton, Va., has been sentenced to an imprisonment of seven years, charged with assaulting Lizzie Despar, a white woman. *I A. B. Trentman, a white customer in the Hotel Anthony cafe, in Forte Wayne, Ind., flew into a rage because when he called for his coat the colored waiter asked him where it was. He shot the waiter, who has died since as a result of his wounds. Trentman is being held without bond for murder in the first degree. &lt;&amp; Lake Sexton, a white man, of Caddo Parish, La., has been convicted of manslaughter for killing Zet Oliver, a colored man, without any provocation. Sentence has not been passed. «I Rev. C. B. Ragsdale, a Baptist minister, of Atlanta, Ga., has confessed that he received a bribe of $200 to swear that James Conley, a Negro, murdered Mary Phagan, for whose murder Leo Frank, a white man, has been convicted. He said that the affidavit was made in the presence of William J. Burns and two other detectives. His resignation has been accepted by the church. THE NEW COLORED MASONIC TEMPLE AT JACKSONVILLE, FLA. ANOTHER ARTIST. B. E. FOUNTAINE was born near ' London, Ontario, in 1869, and was apprenticed to a cabinet maker. He early showed a love of drawing, but his father was determined to make a mechanic of him and there ensued years of conflict. At the Chicago World's Fair Fountaine began to realize his gift, but he married and became a waiter. At last his ability was discovered and he was given a place as janitor in the O'Brien art gallery. He began to work more systematically at painting and is at last gaining recognition. Mr. Howard Vincent O'Brien writes: "Mr. Fountaine's painting is characterized by a sense of composition so intuitive as to be almost uncanny; a very profound and sincere sympathy with the more subtle and mystic phases of Nature, and a truly remarkable grasp of the harmonies of color. None of his work is high in key. Most of it reveals the landscape in its tenderer moods, perhaps a little melancholy, easily understood when we reflect that nearly all the art of his race in music, in poetry and in painting sounds an overtone of patient sadness. "These soft-colored harmonies of his, many of them dealing with the evanescent instant that few of us see and still fewer appre ciate—when night becomes day and, again, when the process is inverted—are indescrib ably restful and charming'. One of his sun sets seems to illumine a room with a softly mysterious glow, independent of any other lighting. "But the pictures are no more interesting than the man." A SCHOOL ADMINISTRATOR. PROFESSOR LEWIS B. MOORE, the dean of the Teachers' College, and professor of philosophy and education at Howard University, Washington, D. C , was born near Huntsville, Ala. He studied in the public schools and in the school of the American Missionary Association, at Florence, Ala., and was graduated in 1889 from Fisk University. While still in college he began preparation for the ministry. Upon graduation he organized and took charge of the branch of the Young Men's Christian Association for colored men in Philadelphia. While in Philadelphia he entered the University of Pennsylvania, matriculating for the degree of doctor of philosophy, which he won in 1896. He was called to the preparatory department of Howard University as tutor in 189.5. Two years later he was made assistant professor of Latin and pedagogy, was promoted to full DEAN LEWIS B. MOORE. MEN OF THE MONTH ENGINE COMPANY No. professorship the following year and in 1899 was made dean and authorized to establish a college for the higher education of teachers, now known as the Teachers' College. Teachers trained in this college are engaged in twenty-one States, the District of Columbia, the Philippine Islands and Africa. In 1906 Dean Moore visited several countries in Europe to observe school methods. He established a summer school for teachers at Howard University in 1904, whose opening session registered 204 teachers. He has had great success as a lecturer at summer schools at various places, and will direct the coming session of the summer school at Wilberforce University, Wilber-force, O. He is now engaged in writing a psychology applied to education and a history of philosophy. COLORED FIREMEN. IN only a few cities of the United States •"• is it possible for colored men to be appointed as firemen, although one finds a single fireman here and there. In two cities 4, NASHVILLE, TENN. at least there are fully equipped fire com panies. In St. Paul, Minn., engine company No. 22 was organized in 1885. W. R. Godette has been with the company since its organization. The Nashville company has a remarkable record and is one of the oldest in the city service. There have been open and veiled attempts in both cities to get rid of these excellent civil servants or to handicap their efficiency in various ways. So far all these attempts have been unsuccessful, and both companies stand among the very best organizations in their respective cities. A WHITE BISHOP. BISHOP JOHN MORGAN WALDEN was born at Lebanon, O., on February 11, 1831. From the time he was old enough until he entered the Farmers' College, near Cincinnati, he worked as a flatboatman, getting his elementary education chiefly by reading. From 1852 to 1856 he was employed first as a teacher and later as a newspaper re THE CRISIS ENGINE COMPANY No. 22, ST. PAUL, MINN. porter. In 1856 he missionary and prewent to Kansas and siding elder. From published a Fre e the close of the Civil State paper, which he War, in which he ha d to discontinue served as lieutenant-through fear of becolonel, he was an ing lynched because agent of the Western o f som e o f hi s Book Concern until editorials. 1884, when he was Later he was sucelected bishop and, cessively State legislater in the year, lator and State superpresiden t of the intendent of educaFreedmen's Aid Sotion in Kansas. It ciety. He died in was about this time Florida, January 21, and from his experi1914, at the age of ences in the legisla84. Bishop Walden ture that he wrote was long interested in "Sockles s Jerry Negro education, and Simpson," which was Walden University, widely quoted. Nashville, Tenn., is After studying for th e ministry, Mr. Walden served at difnamed after him. He was a friend of the Negro, but not aggresferent times as pastor of a church, city BISHOP JOHN MORGAN WALDEN. sively or at all times wholeheartedly so. SEGREGATION. THE North Carolina decision has brought much gratifying comment. "Another high court," says the Cleveland Plaindealer, "has decided against the un-American policy of segregating whites and Negroes. This time the decision comes from North Caro lina, being the Supreme Court's declaration of invalidity against an ordinance enacted by the city of Winston-Salem. "Baltimore has tried segregation repeat edly; two different ordinances have been thrown out by the courts and a third will soon be subject to judicial action. Norfolk has attempted the same action and a test there is expected soon. "The policy of segregation does not appeal to the open-minded. At the same time there should be consideration felt for those who feel the grind of the condition these ordinances are designed to relieve. It is no mere theory which confronts many of these communities. "But where would segregation lead to if indulged in at will by the majority in a community ? If a council has power to crowd Negroes together by themselves, what could there be to prevent a majority enforcing segregation upon any other race, group or creed whose standing in the community might not be the highest? Virtually these questions appear to have been raised by the North Carolina court. "In the long run, it is probable that the problem which a segregation ordinance is designed to solve will take care of itself. At any rate, it is not well to adopt a remedy which, in the last analysis, is worse than the original affliction." Many papers remind us how dangerous a precedent any other decision would have been. The New York Evening Post says "that the establishment of such a principle might result in such restrictions as to 'drive out Republicans, Roman Catholics or Jews.' The court has here put its finger on an ultimate danger from the establishment of this policy of segregation which far-sighted Southern men ought never to lose sight of. It would be an entering wedge that might, and probably would, lead to other intolerable abuses which no man can now foresee. The only refuge for those who would establish the ghetto on American soil at any cost would seem to-day to be to follow the example of Clarence Poe, who is leading the North Carolina agitation for segregation of Negro farmers in certain sections of the State. He declares openly that if a Constitutional law cannot be drawn to accomplish this 'the South will find a way to get around the Constitution,' as, he adds, it has already found several ways of circumventing that instrument." It seems, however, that Mr. Clarence Poe has not yet received the adherence of the administration to his plan. The Newport News (Va.) Times-Herald says: "Secretary of State Bryan emphatically declined to speak at the State convention of Progressive Democrats at Raleigh, N. C , t -morrow, unless those in charge would eradicate a plank in the platform, which is derogatory to Negroes. "Rather than lose the services of Mr. Bryan's oratorical powers, the North Carolina Progressives decided to eliminate the objectionable plank. That part of the platform which aroused Mr. Bryan's ire was the 'segregation of the races' in the matter of land ownership in certain parts of the State of North Carolina. "We wonder if Secretary Daniels is also opposed to segregation." We sense, too, the larger implications of this idea in the Ilanga Lase Natal, a colored paper published in South Africa, which re 70 THE CRISIS ports that a South African politician "has given voice to an idea that may stagger the collective imperial authorities in England. Put into few words, it is the racial segregationalizing of the whole empire. No wonder people are wondering where he has picked up such a notion, for it certainly suggests the break up of the largest empire that history treats of; and when it has been said 'he comes from South Africa.' it has been admitted that that partly accounted for the ingenuity exceeding the reasonability of the proposition. We ought to know that we are viewed by outsiders as having segregation on the brain." The editor goes on to say: "Racial segregation for the empire is just what the empire's enemies would like to see attempted; it would give them just the opening through which they could get. And it may safely be said, if segregation cannot be commended for the empire, neither can it be commended for a part of the empire. The principle is not partial, but affects all parts in the general whole." EDUCATION. WE are continually compelled to call attention to false information, coupled so often with deliberate deception, as to the condition and opportunities of the American Negro. For instance, Marguerite Ainsleigh writes to the Cleveland Plaindealer: "I have spent the past twelve years in the South, having lived both in city and rural districts in five States. Prior to that time I was a teacher in the public schools in a Northern State and have always been deeply interested along educational lines. Wherever I have been, when there is a school for white children, there is also one for colored, equally well equipped. There are no com pulsory education laws, but during the time I have had knowledge of it education in the South for both races has made rapid strides, and the colored children attend the public schools more regularly than the whites.. If they do not learn so rapidly as the white children it is not from lack of facilities. It is a rare thing to-day to find a Negro who cannot read and write, while in the remote rural districts there are numerous poor whites who can do neither." Here is a flat-footed statement of fact by an apparently honest observer. Yet we have before us two equally flat-footed denials of the truth of this lady's assertion. The Birmingham Age-Herald reported at length the recent meeting of the colored Alabama State Teachers' Association. It did not report the whole of the president's speech, but this is what Mr. William Pickens said in part: "Is not the inferiority of the Negro's educational status and progress amply explained by the inferiority of his educational advantages ? Let us look at the annual report of the superintendent of education in the State of Alabama for the year 1913 and see what it reveals concerning the Negro. There were more than 328,000 Negro' children of school age and about 399,000 white children. In other words, about half, or strictly more than 45 per cent., of the children to be schooled were Negroes. In the first place, just six schools were provided for each thousand of these colored children, while twelve schools were provided for each thousand whites. The property valuation of the white schools was more than ten times the value of the Negro schools; the equipment on the inside of the white school was worth more than the land, buildings and all the total property of the Negro schools. If all went to school each Negro teacher would have 138 pupils and each white teacher 56 pupils. But the Negro teacher is saved by the fact that the people are so poor and the schoolhouses so uncomfortable and inconvenient that only 41 per cent, of the colored children can attend, while 73 per cent, of the whites attend. The average salary of rural white teachers is about $300— the average of rural Negro teachers is less than $150 a year. In our cities also the average salary of the white teacher with fewer pupils is more than double that of the Negro teacher with more pupils. The white schools have twenty times as many libraries as the Negro schools. The State has no higher education for Negroes; for the whites there is the university with colleges and normal schools. There are white high schools for over 16,000 pupils. The figure given for Negro high-school grades is 1,476, but judging from the fact that the statement from Jefferson County seems to be exaggerated, there are perhaps much less than 1,000 Negro pupils being given high-school training by the State. All the agricultural and county high schools are white. All the school officials are white. OPINION "What a fearful thing it is to be a superior race! How much it costs to maintain that superiority! I almost believe that the Negro race would be tempted to retrograde into a superior race if it could get hold of the money, the machinery and the offices. To cope against an inferior race in education, a superior race must have more than ten times as much money, more than twice as many schools, two or three times as many teachers, thirty-six more of school days in each year, fifteen to twenty times as many auxiliary books—and all of the management and say so." Then comes Mr. B. T. Washington, who has certainly never been used to overstating the guilt of the white South. Speaking of Mississippi, he says in the Outlook: "By the last enumeration in that State the school population was 712,000; of this number 400 were Indians, 302,000 whites and 410,000 colored. During the year 1912 244,000 colored children were enrolled in the public schools; this is just a little over 50 per cent. The average attendance, however, in the public schools was 143,000, or about 35 per cent, of the total number of colored children in Mississippi. In other words, 64 per cent, of the colored children in Mississippi attended no public school during the year 1912. In Hinds County the average salary of colored teachers during that year was about $16 a month for five months." COLORED SOLDIERS. BRIGADIER-GENERAL RICHARD H. J  PRATT, U. S. A., retired, said -&gt; recently, according to the Army and Navy Journal: "Negro troops, after Lincoln's proclamar tion, became a considerable part of our Civil War army, and they were efficient, patriotic and valorous. A large and invaluable service as guides, messengers and informers was rendered to the Union forces all over the South by individual Negroes on innumerable occasions which history will little record." La Follette's prints a further abstract: "The Negro is entitled to a full, fair and equal chance to develop all his best powers to the highest extent. Until he has that full chance and proves by that alone what he is capable of, all assertion of lower order or incompetence is baseless. This full chance is never reached through any special schemes of development in race masses, because such schemes inevitably and always lack in largest liberty of opportunity and the necessary inspiration of highest example and achievement. Only when the Negro has exactly the same citizen privilege following the same training by the same force in all lines of life that the whites enjoy can we hope for just as high accomplishment among them and the final removal of prejudice born of lack in quality." He tells of one case where through the finesse of a colored man the pickets were all made drunk: "The Negro reported his success and the column proceeded. Having passed the outpost unchallenged, the reserves were not warned of our presence until we were upon them, when they turned out and surrendered without resistance; the main reserve guard surrendered in like manner. We proceeded through the town and were in and surrounding their camp without alarm, the camp guard supposing in the early dawn that we were the return of their companies from their scout. The colonel was summoned from his tent by our colonel and called upon to surrender, which he did instantly when he saw how completely he was overpowered, and we captured the entire command without firing a gun. The officers and men were turned out of their tents, their arms taken from them, and then made to saddle their horses and in little over half an hour we were on our way back, reaching Elizabeth-town that evening with 483 prisoners, their arms and horses." This reminds us again of the curious position of the ranking colored officer in the United States army, Major Charles Young. The Western Outlook says that when the recent so-called "Manchu" law becomes effective "every army officer will have to serve four years of every six with troops in the field. In Young's case this will entail his occupying a major's quarters in the barracks. Usually such quarters are contained in one of a row of three houses provided for those of major's rank. Thus far the War Department has succeeded in giving Young, who is a West Point graduate, detached details, thus preventing any breach because of his close association in barracks with brother officers. But detached details will not be possible under the 'Manchu' amendments. THE •'Thus far the race question has never been serious in the army, owing to the organization of white and colored regiments, yet officers at a post are thrown so constantly in each other's company, particularly those of the same rank, that the disposition of Young is a vital question. It is gossip here that previous attempts to 'get' Young have failed. He has passed all his examinations with flying colors, is a first-class soldier and fighting man, and just simply cannot be ousted. As a matter of fact, army officers are rather proud of him in an official way." NEGRO MORTALITY. DR. WILLIAM C. WOODWARD is health officer of the District of Columbia and consequently has to explain the criminally large death rate among Negroes of the national capital. This, however, presents no difficulties to the astute Dr. Woodward, and. according to the New Orleans Times-Picayune, he has just pointed out that "it will probably be impossible to reduce the death rate among the Negroes as low as that of the whites." for "racial reasons"! It certainly will be impossible as long as the following facts, taken from the report in the Outlook, remain true: "These Washington alleys are intricate and winding and often entirely hidden from the view of the street. Sometimes a single alley has a population of between 200 and 300 people. It is a small community, a law unto itself, a breeding place for vice and crime. In Washington at the present time some 11,000 persons live in alleys where conditions of health and morality are such as are a disgrace to the city and the nation. "Recent statistics of the health office show that one-half of the children born to colored mothers within the alleys are illegitimate, while but one in five born to colored mothers on the streets is illegitimate, the total rate of illegitimacy in the city as a whole being equal to 10.3 per cent. "During the year 1912 there were 700 deaths from tuberculosis in the District of Columbia. This disease, as well as all other communicable diseases, prevails to a greater extent within the alleys. As a result of this state of affairs, in the fifty cities of over 100,000 population in the United States only nine have a higher death rate than Washington." CRISIS SOCIAL EQUALITY. WE reprint with emphasis the following editorial from the Congregationalist, entitled "Making Marriage a Crime": " A bill making it a crime for white persons and persons of Negro blood to many in the District of Columbia is now pending in Congress under a favorable report from the House Committee on the District of Columbia. Such future marriages would be made null and void by the bill and violations of it would be punishable by a fine of not less than $1,000 nor more than $5,000, by imprisonment at hard labor for not less than one year nor more than five years or both fine and imprisonment, and an officer or minister who served in such attempted marriage would be liable to a fine of $250 to $1,000 and imprisonment at hard labor for six months to one year. The members of Congress should realize the moral wrong, the social iniquity and the legal outrage of such a measure. Furthermore, a careful investigation among the government clerks at Washington shows that there are no intermarriages of white and colored clerks, although they have worked together for many years. There is no call for such a law. It would bring the colored people into contempt, would foster immorality and would deprive colored girls and women of much of the legal protection against immoral men that others have. Measures that would restrict colored clerks in the civil service to inferior positions are also pending. Urge your Representatives and Senators to vote against all measures intended to segregate, repress and in any way to discriminate against colored Americans." The difficulty about laws of this sort is illustrated by the remarkable results of attempting to draw absolute lines as to social relations. Everyone thought, for instance, that there was a clear and broad distinction between social and economic equality. Not so. says former Governor Joseph M. Brown, of Georgia, in an open letter published in the Atlanta Journal. He says: "To the People of Georgia," that "it has been deemed that there was an impassable gulf between social equality of the whites and Negroes, but the members of white labor unions, in voting to affiliate with members of Negro labor unions, have made the first move calculated to bridge that gulf." Governor Brown then points out the sympathetic strike of white longshoremen for OPINION higher Negro wages in Mobile, Ala.; the endeavor to make- Negro longshoremen in Texas join the white union; the admission of Negro laborers to the Southern Labor Congress, etc.: "To those who are uncompromisingly opposed to Negro social equality there is no astonishment in noting that this was not the request, or plea, of the Negroes. Yet the paradox is that the initiative was taken, the demand was made by the white men of the labor unions at Southern seaports, and that this equality, forced upon the Negroes by the white local unions at Mobile and Galveston, was ratified, with only two dissenting votes, by the Southern Labor Congress, presided over by our own Atlanta Jerome Jones and 'secretaried' by our Atlanta W . C. Puckett." Finally, the governor shrieks: "Fellow citizens, are you prepared to let the labor union minority of 12,000 out of 380,000 white men in Georgia bluff you into interruption of your commerce and mails and your power to travel, bluff you into suspension of work in your factories and in the erection of your buildings, bluff you into tolerating, even in its own members, social equality with the Negroes? Are you prepared to allow it to exercise class preference and enforce class dominance over all other classes in our State? Are you prepared to further allow its union label to exact greater allegiance in Georgia than does her great seal of State?" ® JUDGE TERRELL. TH E Buffalo Inquirer rejoices at R. H. •*• Terrell's confirmation and says that: "The confirmation of Judge Terrell places a qualified man on the bench, but better than that, it is a triumph over the race prejudice that would bar all colored men from office. Justice and reason united to forbid giving the Negro race the sense of injury that Vardaman's policy weald have inflicted." The Boston Post asks: "And why not, indeed? Is an American citizen's worth, either in the field or on the bench, to be judged by the color of his skin 1 The splendid services men of African blood have performed for the country in many lines of endeavor is the best answer to that question." The National Tribune, of Washington, says: "It has been as brisk a little fight as the Senate has seen in two years, but the outcome has been assured from the start. Terrell had a majority of Senators, and there was no preventing his confirmation. The opposition has accomplished virtually nothing, except to emphasize Judge Terrell's qualifications and to augment his reputation as an efficient magistrate." The fact is that even the South recognizes that Mr. Vardaman is making rather an ass of himself. The Macon Telegraph says of his attitude on woman's suffrage: "If Senator Vardaman had contended that it was really a question of home rule, and revealed less of his violent anti-Negro sentiment with its inevitable invitation to the charge of exaggerated prejudice, he would have been much more effective." THE COLOR OF THE LORD. SEVERAL persons have written us object^ ing to the intimation in our advertising columns that Jesus Christ was not a white man. We confess to a certain lack of interest in the subject, but are forced in self-defense to publish this note from the Cambridge Encyclopedia Company concerning their coin collection: "Among other rare pieces our collection contains a gold solidus of Justinian II. (circ. A. D. 705), which was purchased from Lincoln &amp; Co., the well-known numismatists of Oxford Street, London, after having been verified as genuine by the coin department of the British Museum. "The obverse is stamped with the full-faced bust of Justinian, with robe carree and cross; legend: Justinianus, Serv. Christi (Justinian, Servant of Christ). Reverse, full-faced bust of Jesus Christ with woolly hair. Behind him, the cross. Legend: D. N. IES CHS. REX REGNANTIUM (Dominus Noster, Jesu Christo, King of Kings). "Whatever the fact, this coin places beyond dispute the belief that Jesus Christ was a Negro. The coin is otherwise of great historical interest; for it was the cause of a war between Justinian and Abdul Malik, 5th caliph of the Ommiads, the former demanding tribute to be paid in these same coins and the latter refusing." THE CRISIS OKLAHOMA. IN the February CRISIS we spoke of conditions in Oklahoma. A letter from the judge of the court under whose supervision Sarah Rector is says that her income is $15,000 a month and that a six-room cottage, worth $1,200, has been erected for her and that her white guardian is allowed to pay $50 a month for her support, schooling and education. Also, it would seem that the fee of the guardian has not yet been determined by the court. In other respects there seems to be no material discrepancy with the statement in THE CRISIS. A colored lawyer writes us as follows: "Immediately on the advent of Statehood disfranchisement and other discriminative laws were passed. By such laws those who had persuaded Congress to believe in the fitness of the freedman to conduct his own business, took all his holdings, or nearly all, except that belonging to his children, admitted to the world that they lied solely for a mean advantage. The Negro is the only man in Oklahoma deprived of his right to vote. Being thus prevented from a participation in the government to which he is subservient, he finds himself unable to protect his life, property or liberty. His fate as a voter is passed up to election inspectors, who for the most part are chosen to serve a political purpose regardless of the sanctity of the ballot, and hundreds of men qualified to vote are denied the right merely because the election officials choose not to allow them to vote. Thus men are elected to office to make laws affecting his rights without his •consent or protest, for I take it that when the minority fails to elect its candidate its protest is exhibited in the fact that it voted against the successful one. Knowing that he is without vote, for the most part, those elected to office feel they have nothing to fear from his objections, and are disposed to ignore him and his rights entirely. In many instances his property is assessed at a greater rate than that of his white brother. The writer has suffered from that discrimination and knows it to be true. Being disfranchised he is disqualified for jury service and must submit his rights to the determination of men often whom he knows are prejudiced against him, and it never fails to tell in the verdict adverse to his interests. "There arc some men, few be it said, who undertake to discharge their oaths and obligations as officials toward the Negro like any other citizen, but they are menaced and mobbed with abuse; however some of them are courageous enough to do right despite what comes. From my experience in this section, God deliver me from the Southernized Northerner. "The first sentence in your recent article is the unvarnished truth, to wit: 'Negroes have been robbed, actually robbed with impunity and openly.' One white man here, a business man, would even leave his nice wife and grown daughters to go and consort with a Negro Creek girl for the purpose of getting her lands. He got the lands. Much whiskey has been used with the native girls in an effort to cheat them out of their estates. Boys and girls have even been carried from the State and herded, to force them to make deeds to their lands. In hundreds of instances they were married off by the prospective purchaser to entire strangers devoid of moral character, and ofttimes in houses of assignation, in furtherance of their schemes to cheat and defraud these helpless creatures. The stench became so fearful that it required a special law against the validity of deeds made by persons under majority. Almost in every case the white man carried with him a worthless Negro tool who piloted the unsuspecting into the trap already prepared. "These competent freedmen have been told in most cases recently that they were unfit to be guardians for their own children and immediately the children were given a white guardian. Just think what you would expect from one prejudiced against your interest should your entire business be turned into his hands by law and you have the exact notion of just what happens. Criticism can not be too severe on this line. I am opposed to either race being guardian for the other. If these minors must have guardians, let it be in a manner not of political preferment. Thus and thus only can the ends of good government be subserved. "Many interesting things might be told of how the freedman was fleeced of his holding's and how he then attempted to become also a smart and dishonest man, like those who robbed him, and how, finally, the same man sat on the jury and sent the poor black to prison because he had learned so illy the only lesson which his brother in white taught him." OPINION MISCELLANEOUS. THE New York Evening Post, commenting on the recent speech of a Southern man, says: "Out of the South, yes, out of the State of Vardaman, there comes to us one of the most interesting historical papers published of late. It is the valedictory of Alfred Holt Stone, as president of the Mississippi Historical Society, and the most startling thing about it is that its author still lives. For Mr. Stone has dared, with inconceivable rashness, to lay ruthless hands upon many Southern traditions, to tilt at many accepted theories, and—worst of all—to appeal to Southern historians to write their own history with strict regard to truth, free from all the glamour of a lost cause and a novelized past. Here is an overt act of treason. Mr. Stone's temerity leaves us gasping. Was not the present Secretary of Agriculture abused throughout the South because he refused to recognize the sanctity of the political doctrines of John C. Calhoun, and even dared in the twentieth century to criticise them? Is it not true that the present ambassador to London, if renominated to-day, could probably not be confirmed because Southern Senators have identified him as the author of a novel whose viewpoint as to current-day Southern problems they greatly dislike? Was not one Southern professor driven out of his chair because of an article critical of the South in the Atlantic Monthly And another practically forced out of his for declaring that the two greatest books produced by the South since the Civil War were by colored men ?" W e have spoken of the Cossett Library in Memphis. It is, as its prospectus says, "supported by taxation and its use is free to everyone" except Negroes, who are taxed for it and who cannot have access to its beautiful building with its museum or its reference room or young people's section. Mrs. C. K. Yerby writes us, however, that: "In 1903 there was established, at Le-Moyne Institute, a branch of Cossett Library for colored people. In September, 1913, the school department was added. Under this department systematic effort is being made to create a reading public. Desired books may be obtained from Cossett Library through each of these departments. "Each Saturday a story hour, with stereopticon views, is held. Semi-monthly book reviews, second and fourth Fridays of each month, is another effort toward this end. These are maintained by and under the direction of Cossett Library. MIGRATION AND AFRICA. THE CRISIS has already warned its readers against "Chief" Sam and his African schemes. The Chicago Post, discussing "a Negro colonizing fake," says: "Too much ridicule should not be heaped upon the colored people who have paid $25 each for shares in the colonizing expedition which an African-born Negro, Chief Sam, of Akim, promises to lead to the Gold Coast of Africa—where he does not own any land on which to plant it. "The fact that Sam has collected $75,000 from deluded colored people all over the country, and that he cannot even get them across the Atlantic for the sum left when his unseaworthy steamer is paid for, is one of those tragedies of human folly which have usually, so far, been confined to members of the white race. "That the wealth of colored people is great enough to make them an object for the snares of large-scale swindlers is simply another tribute to Negro progress. "This incident shows part of the reverse side of progress, and colored people who have been taken in by it are in no worse plight than many intelligent whites who own shares in mythical gold mines and acres and acres of Florida land safely covered up by tide water." A correspondent in the New York Sun has this advice: "If Chief Sam's followers can face the most difficult climate in the world, if they can exist on a greatly restricted menu and all the hardships incidental to an almost barbarous country, they may extract some living from the soil, very fertile only in small sections where it is not forest or swamp. With intelligence and ingenuity they may be able to garner the natural products of the country in paying quantities to send to the nearest trading station. There is some gold, and cotton can be grown in places. * * * "But only the most daring of pioneers would care to wrestle with the problems of life there, and the emigrants should be warned that there is a thoroughly different side to Chief Sam's glowing picture." EDITORIAL AMERICAN The Crisis, Clovis, N. M. New York City. The facts in the Wagoner (Okla.) lynching are as follows: The family are respectable people, the girl who suffered was about 17 years of age. Two half-drunken whites entered their home during the absence of the mother, found the young girl dressing, locked themselves in the room and raped her. Her cries brought her brother from the barn, who kicked down the door and was promptly attacked by the white men, one of whom he killed. The remainder of the story you know. (See The Crisis for May, page 22.) The young man passed through here, making his way to Old Mexico, and is quite anxious to learn the fate of his mother. From his hiding place he could hear the cries of his sister as the mob dealt with her. Yours, J. H. Coleman. CIVILIZATION '' Contrary to unenlightened Northern opinion, Southerners entertain no malice whatever toward the Negro, but regard and treat him, when he deserves such treatment, with unusual consideration."—Editorial in the Macon (Ga.) News. "Negroes are human beings like white folk, only with a little more of the child to hold in check, more of the brute."—A Southerner in the Outlook. "Maybe we will be able to control the Negro and so save our civilization.''— Ex-Senator Bailey, of Texas. "There exists among Negroes a vicious class where crimes are often pursued by a lawless vengeance." —America. "The general advance of an inferior race will never equal that of one which is superior by nature." —Hilary A. Herbert, of Alabama. "The distinctly criminal Negro is often guilty of unusual and abnormal crimes."—Edgar Gardner Murphy, of Alabama. '' The crime of rape of late years had its baleful renascence in the teaching of equality and placing of power in the ignorant Negroes' hands.''— Thomas Nelson Page of Virginia. EDITORIAL APPROVAL. I READ in the May issue of The Crisis your stirring editorial, entitled "The Philosophy of Mr. Dole,'' with very deep interest. It has my hearty ap proval. I like the ring of it. I like the manly spirit which it reveals. I like the evidence which it gives of strong convictions and of an earnest purpose to be true to those convictions in the face of adverse criticism, whether from friends or foes. In the great struggle for freedom years ago Mr. Garrison demanded for the slave immediate, unconditional emancipation. And the demand was made on the ground that slavery was wrong and that, being wrong, it ought to be terminated at once. This was the view held by all the men and women who were engaged in the anti-slavery cause. They believed that the slavery question, in its last analysis, was a moral question— a question of right and wrong. It was on that basis that it was fought out. It was that conviction that took possession of Mr. Garrison, and out of which there came those dauntless words of his: " I am in earnest, I will not equivocate, I will not excuse, I will not retreat a single inch and I will be heard." It is this old anti-slavery viewpoint and spirit that are needed to-day in dealing with the present form of the race question. As long as men look upon it as having no moral basis, as involving no question of right and wrong—as a matter to be settled by considerations of expediency and favoritism, depending upon the good graces of white people, or our ability to ingratiate ourselves into their favor —this mincing of words, this dillydallying, this spirit of compromise on the part of many of our white friends, and the obsequiousness and truckling that we see on the part of some of our race leaders, will continue. When white men and black men fully realize that the treatment that is accorded to colored people in this country —the manner in which they are regarded, the insults that are heaped upon them, the inhumanity that meets them everywhere—is wrong, and just as wrong as it was to hold them in slavery, things will be different. When the moral aspect of the subject is clearly perceived there will be no longer any disposition to temporize with it—no longer any effort made to condone or palliate such treatment. It will be dealt with as other evils are dealt with—in a straightforward, courageous manner. It is wrong! wrong! wrong! for us to be treated as we are treated in this country, and it ought to appeal to every honest, upright, God-fearing, manly man and womanly woman in the nation to see that the wrong is righted and righted at once. I am glad that you wrote the editorial, and trust that there will be more of the same kind, until the whole country is aroused to a sense of the iniquity of present conditions. In the language of Mr. Pickens' stirring poem— Until the truth is known and Justice done, Speak on! FRANCIS J. GRIMKE. SENATORS' RECORDS. DURING the debate in the Senate of the United States on the joint reso lution proposing to amend the Constitution by extending the suffrage to women, the race question obtruded itself and, as a result, many Senators, by their speeches and votes, put themselves on record. This record will be of interest to Negro voters throughout the country. Two amendments to the resolution were offered, both intended to repeal the Fifteenth Amendment. The first, pro posed by Vardaman, of Mississippi, was to insert after the word "sex" the following: "But in all other respects the right of citizens to vote shall be controlled by the State wherein they reside." THE The second, offered by Williams, of Mississippi, proposed to amend by inserting before the word "citizens" the word "white," so that, as amended, the section would read: Section 1. "The right of white citizens of the United States to vote shall not be denied or abridged by the United States or by any State on account of sex.'' Of the Senators from the South the following only signified their opposition to the repeal of the Fifteenth Amendment : Bradley, of Kentucky; Du Pont, of Delaware ; Chilton, of West Virginia; Fall, of New Mexico; Catron, of New Mexico; Ashhurst, of Arizona. Thornton, of Louisiana, opposed the Vardaman amendment, but expressly stated that he was ready at any time to support a straight resolution repealing the Fifteenth Amendment. Saulsbury, of Delaware, did not vote, but was announced as favoring both amendments. Reed, of Missouri, opposed the Williams amendment, but he had already voted for the Vardaman amendment. Bankhead, Clark, of Arkansas, Robinson, Culberson, Fletcher, Goff, Simmons, Smith, of Maryland, Smith, of Arizona, and Stone, of Missouri, did not vote and were not announced as on either side. Of the Northern Senators, Meyers, of Montana, voted for both amendments. Newlands and Pittman, of Nevada, voted for the Williams amendment. During the debate Pittman, of Nevada, stated that he opposed the suffrage amendment because he realized that its passage would embarrass the South in its treatment of the Negro problem, and because he did not care to endanger the chances of future anti-Japanese legislation by alienating the South on the Negro question. His colleague, Newlands, in a speech in support of the woman's suffrage amendment, took occasion to state his belief in Negro disfranchisement and white supremacy. Borah, of Idaho, in a long speech and in numerous shorter ones, opposed the suffrage amendment CRISIS on the ground that it would not be en forced in the South as to colored women and that he would not be a party to writing into the Constitution another provision which he knew would not be enforced. Bryan, of Florida, and the two Mississippi Senators supported the proposed repeal of the Fifteenth Amend ment by their speeches. This proposi tion was opposed by Bristow, Town- send, Gallinger and Clapp. Of the Senators who by their stand on this question showed themselves as op posed to the interests of the colored people, only Newlands, of Nevada, comes up for re-election this year. Un fortunately, the Negro vote in his State is of slight importance. It should, how ever, be cast solidly against the re-elec tion of Senator Newlands. Of Senators who have on this and other matters shown that they have the interests of the colored people at heart, the following come up for re-election: Bradley, of Kentucky; Bristow, of Kansas; Gallin ger, of New Hampshire; Jones, of Wash ington ; Sherman, of Illinois. In the recent fight for the Jones amendment to the Smith-Lever bill the issue was not clearly drawn, because the introduction of the Shafroth amendment caused persons who otherwise would have voted for the Jones amendment to oppose it. However, one Republican Senator, Brady, of Ohio, intimated throughout his debate his opposition. He also comes up for reelection this fall and should be opposed by the colored voters. VOTERS, ATTENTION! Jter^^^^Sj? THE ('ongress has passed a K^§^£^£J bill distributing $15,000,000 of United )y=r^jB^^k States money for agri il|^&gt;3^&lt;&lt;3^ cultural education. The following United States Senators refused to vote for distributing the fund impartially among colored and white students: Hollis, of New Hampshire. EDITORIAL 79 Hughes, of New Jersey. Johnson, of Maine. Lewis, of Illinois. Martine, of New Jersey. Newlands, of Nevada. Pomerene, of Ohio. Reed, of Missouri. Saulsbury, of Delaware. Shively, of Indiana. Smith, of Arizona. Stone, of Missouri. Thompson, of Kansas. Chamberlain, of Oregon. O'Gorman, of New York. Pittman, of Nevada. Thomas, of Colorado. Walsh, of Montana. Brady, of Idaho. Write a protest to these men and vote against their re-election. MEXICO. THERE is, without doubt, a deep hesitancy throughout this nation in the matter of war with Mexico. This was not true when we gaily "liberated" Cuba and benevolently assimilated the Philippines. What did we care for race problems then? We had our problems settled easily and fluently. All "niggers," "dagoes," "chinks," "Japs" and "mongrels" were inferiors and consequently easy to whip and keep whipped. We therefore envisaged millions of additional working slaves to add to the black peons of our own South and swell the comfortable stream of dividends flowing into white pockets. Our plan worked. We have Cuba by the industrial throat and the Philippines on its knees, albeit squirming. Why not Mexico with its millions of brown peons ' Because the fact is 'that we, with all our success, are not only uncomfortable, but we scent danger. Are there inferior human beings or only inferior food and opportunity? Can the white world always hold the black world by the throat, and keep it to work? What are these darker, desperate things thinking of and, thinking, what will they do when thought comes to action? And, finally, how much civilization can we teach the world anyway? Are we civilized ? We may blunder into murder and shame and call it a Mexican war. But it will not be war. It will be crime. A SONG of MAY and JUNE By JAMES D. CORROTHERS OH, sweet as an orient "Maid o' the Moon," With wild roses in her dark hair, Entranced by the magical minstrel June, May stands in her garden fair. For June, the herald of summer gay, Is prince of its minstrelsy; And never a monarch of ancient day Wore gaudier robes than he. Over the hills comes the minstrel June, Perfuming and thrilling the air; Sweet May will sink on his breast a-swoon, And die as he holds her there. DRUID HILL AVENUE—THE LEADING COLORED RESIDENTIAL STREET IN BALTIMORE. The National Association for the Advancement of Colored. People THE SIXTH ANNUAL CONFERENCE THE National Association for the Advancement of Colored People is beginning to feel that it has advanced, if not to a ripe age, at least to a vigorous youth, when it re ports that it held its SIXTH ANNUAL CONFERENCE at Baltimore on May 3, 4 and 5. It has passed through its perilous and formative first years, and on its sixth anniversary finds that it is a recognized power in the land. By steady propaganda and untiring executive work it has made itself felt from the Atlantic to the Pacific, from the Gulf of Mexico to the Great Lakes. And when it received an invitation to hold the next conference at San Francisco and Oakland during the Pan-American Exposition it fully realized its national existence. Baltimore proved an admirable place for the conference. The conference committee of the branch had made every arrangement for the successful holding of the sessions and for the comfort of the delegates. The city's largest colored churches were called into service and at the evening meetings failed to seat the crowds who gathered to hear the new tidings. The delegates and friends were hospitably received Monday afternoon at the home of Bishop Hurst, and Tuesday afternoon at the Bethel A. M. E. Chapel. Nothing that the colored people could do was left undone to make the meetings a complete success. There was one unfortunate happening. On the last night the session was scheduled for McCoy Hall, Johns Hopkins University. The audience on arriving found the hall closed and were directed by members of the THE N. A. Baltimore conference to adjourn to the Bethel A. M. E. Church. Much excitement was felt and some of it was expressed at Bethel Church that evening. The association is glad to be able to report that the matter was due to a blunder for which no one person was wholly responsible. The registrar thought the meeting had been called off, because he had received no second notice; the Baltimore committee failed to send a second notice because it thought the wife of the trustee who had secured the hall for the conference was doing so; and the wife of the trustee who had secured the hall failed to send a second notice because she thought it unnecessary. The president of the board of trustees of Johns Hopkins University writes us: "I can say positively for the trustees and the authorities of the university that there was no intentional closing of the hall. Under no circumstances would we have allowed such a seeming slight placed upon the conference. Had there been the slightest objection it would have been considered by the administrative committee on March 19, but the records show there was none. "I am naturally anxious that the good name of the university should not suffer from a matter which, so far as I am at present advised, was due to no intentional neglect of ours, but was brought about by a desire on our part to do anything we could to aid the object of the conference." The conference committee at Baltimore, to which the association extends its hearty thanks, was as follows: Mr. William F. Cochran, honorary chair man; Rev. Harvey Johnson, D. D., chair man ; Dr. F. N. Cardozo, vice-chairman; Dr. H. S. McCard, treasurer; Miss Lucy D. Slowe, secretary; Mr. W. T. McGuinn, halls; Mr. C. L. Davis, reception; Rev. G. R. Waller, speakers; Mr. J. H. Murphy, Sr., press; Dr. William H. Welch, Mr. James W. Hughes, Rev. George A. Griffiths, Dr. Howard E. Young, Mrs. Jennie H. Ross, Prof. Mason A. Hawkins, Miss Ethel Lewis, Mrs. Charles E. Ellicott, Mr. George Dobbin Penniman, Dr. Frank A. Manny, Bishop John G. Murray, Rev. Charles A. Evers, Miss Margaret A. Flagg, Mr. W. Ashbie Hawkins, Mr. G. B. Murphy, Prof. D. 0. W. Holmes, Dr. A. O. Reid, Mr. E. B. Taylor, Rev. W . E. Williams, Dr. Robert Stuart MacArthur. 81 A. C. P. It is impossible, in the space set apart for the association notes in THE CRISIS, to give any adequate account of the many excellent speeches delivered at the seven sessions. We can only touch upon some of the subjects. THE CHURCH AND THE NEGRO. Sunday afternoon about 3,000 people attended the first session of the conference at the Lyric Theatre. Dr. J. E. Spingarn, chairman of the executive committee, opened the meeting. A message was read from Cardinal Gibbons, archbishop of Baltimore, expressing regret at his enforced absence from the city, and assuring the association of his hearty sympathy and support. The chairman then introduced the Rev. S. L. Theobald, a colored Catholic priest from St. Paul, Minn., who gave a careful paper describing the Catholic Church in America in its relation to the Negro. He spoke of its efforts to combat slavery, and of its work to-day to bring about more kindly relations between the colored man and the white. Quoting an eminent Catholic authority, he said: "The real color problem consists in introducing the principles of justice and charity among the unschooled and somewhat bigoted portion of the white population." Dr. Howard A. Kelly, a Baltimore physician who has courageously stood by the colored people of the city in their efforts against segregation, gave this strong religious note: "I have no medicine," he said, "to offer for your specific ills, you must work out your own problems; but I would like to talk to you briefly about some things I consider fundamental which will go a long way toward helping you. If you want wealth I am not interested; I am not even interested if you tell me you have brilliant scholars in your midst who clamor for opportunity. But I am interested if you tell me that God has put your race here on earth for a specific purpose and that He has a place for you in the group of His human families just as real and just as necessary and just as honorable as that of the Greeks, the Romans, the Germans or the ever-boasting Anglo-Saxons." The meeting closed with an address by the Rev. R. W. Bagnall, an Episcopal rector from Detroit. It is impossible to give here an adequate idea of the beauty of Father Bagnall's oratory or the nobility of his (Photographed from the group by Meta Warrick Fuller.) EMANCIPATION. "Humanity weeping over her suddenly freed children, who, beneath the gnarled Angers of fate, step forth into the world, unafraid." THE N. A. A. C. P. thought. He held his audience spellbound. In speaking of the historic church, he said: "In the early church there appears to have been no attempt at color discrimination. There were congregations which were racial; there were congregations which came together because of nearness of language, because of affinity of tongue; but there was never present at any time in the early Christian church anything that resembled discrimination based upon color. Some of the greatest leaders of the church, some of the most influential in shaping its doctrines, were colored men. The great Augustine who, perhaps, with the exception of St. Paul, had the largest influence upon the life of the church, was a colored man (who physically would resemble the speaker). The great Cyprian of Africa was a black man. The church honors Augustine. The church honors Cyprian. And yet these very men, if they lived to-day in many parts of the country, would not be permitted to put their feet into that which has been called the House of God. "In the early church the leaders were often colored men. The church is not a new thing brought to us after the period of slavery. It is something we have helped to form; something we are a part and lot of. W e have had our part in the formation of the church of the entire world, and it is our duty to take advantage of every possible opportunity to bring the standard of that church back to its Christian period, to the equality of opportunity which knows no color." TRAINING FOR LIFE. . Mrs. Coralie F. Cook gave a thoughtful address on the problem of the colored child. She opened with the statement that the colored child must meet race prejudice; he cannot escape from it save through death. And since this is so, he should be given power to meet life as it comes to him. First he should be well born. Then he should be trained in race pride, in the history of the African and the accomplishments of the race. All his latent ability should be developed. Through music, through the drama, he should have the opportunity for that expression which the surrounding world tries to deny him. And as he should be well born, so he should be reared in a home where good influences are dominant, and where he will learn of the eternal wrong and the eternal right. "Some of us begin to look upon the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People," Mrs. Cook ended by saying, "as our greatest hope of salvation. We revere its foundation and its founders, we are pledged to its work and its workers with a fidelity that knows no let nor hindrance. And because this is so, may we not say: 'One thing thou lackest —a juvenile department.' " Dr. Katherine B. Davis, head of the department of corrections, New York City, for many years in charge of the State Bedford Reformatory for Women, spoke upon the delinquent colored girl. She showed conclusively from her figures for Bedford reformatory that delinquency is not a matter of race, but rather that in each large group in the community there are a number of girls who, because of heredity or environment, are likely to be weak and unable to resist temptation. This is true of the colored group as of every other group in New York. "We have an honor cottage," Dr. Davis said, "and in that cottage is an honor room. The girls in the honor cottage vote as to who shall occupy that room, who has the best all-round record. Several times a colored girl has occupied it. We have had a colored girl elected as president and there is always a colored girl on the council and sometimes two. "You will be glad to know," she went on, "that the highest per cent, of girls who have made good after leaving the reformatory are colored girls. Colored girls are among the best in the institution, as they are also among the worst. This is to be expected, since if you can ascend to the highest you can also sink to the depths." Dr. Davis ended with these words: "There has never been any question raised at Bedford, and I hope there never will be any, of social equality. We are all on terms of equality; as long as one behaves like a lady she is to be treated like a lady, and if she has any special talents they are to be cultivated. In short, we have made for our standard what ought to be the standard of the world at large. It has been theoretically the standard of the American people and it will be a sorry day for America if we ever cast it aside. We stand for individual work. It is a person's individual character that counts. I can see no reason why any race should not be admitted to terms of friend 84 THE skip on the terms of individual character— the basis on which we choose our personal friends. I trust that we shall live to see the day when in America it will be generally recognized that worth is the only possible standard which we can afford to set for ourselves." EARNING A LIVING. Mrs. Paul Laurence Dunbar spoke upon the colored working woman. Mrs. Dunbar described the colored woman at work throughout the country and dwelt upon her numbers and the disadvantage under which she often labors in being forced to leave her home to supplement by her toil her husband's scanty income. She also described the group of colored professional women—a group in which she occupies a distinguished place. The Negro and the land was discussed by Prof. T. S. Inborden, of Enfield, N. C. Professor Inborden recited a catalog of farms owned by Negroes who had begun at nothing and had doggedly worked to secure a foothold on the soil. He told of one man who in his old age occupies a very pretty house near Enfield and cultivates a large farm. ''When I was a little boy," this farmer said, "my mistress had a fine dog. I would sit hungry on one end of the piazza while the clog ate of good thing's at the other. Sometimes my mistress would come out and kick me down and then turn and give the dog something to eat. I resolved then to have a better house than ever she had. It has taken me forty years to get it, but here it is now." Earning a living through the civil service was discussed by Mr. L. M. Hershaw, himself a civil-service employee and one of the association's most earnest friends. Mr. Hershaw gave a brief history of the Negro in the civil service of the United States. He pointed out that while the Negrophobists had predicted that with the merit system the Negro would be eliminated from the civil service, just the reverse had taken place. After the passage of the civil-service act of 1883, requiring competitive examinations, the number of NegTr employees increased. To-day the Negro constitutes 11 per cent, of the Federal civil-service employees at Washington and 4.5 per cent, of the Federal civil-service employees throughout the country. And these government servants, men and women, are doing good work. In a short paper on discrimination in the CRISIS professions, Mr. W. Justin Carter, of Harrisburg, Pa., showed how little persecution the professional colored man suffers in his city, and how, nevertheless, he enters into the struggle to eliminate prejudice for all his race. HON. CHARLES J. BONAPARTE. Maryland's distinguished lawyer and statesman, the Hon. Charles J. Bonaparte, was received enthusiastically by the Baltimore audience, and spoke on legal and economic equality. Mr. Bonaparte took for his text the Declaration of Independence, and showed clearly that the signers of this great document, when they declared that all men were created free and equal, did not have in mind white men only, but the men of all the world. Speaking of the equality which the declaration demands, he said: "Legal equality is no mere dream. It is the ideal which all lawgivers and all judges, worthy of the name, have sought to attain, more or less consciously and with greater or less success, ever since Christianity became dominant throughout the civilized world. Law can be impartially administered; all men can be equally subject to the laws which relate to all, for these conditions are now practically realized in free, enlightened, progressive communities; and if they are not realized everywhere it is because some communities are not free, are not enlightened and are not progressive." SENATOR WESLEY L. JONES. It would be impossible to reproduce the delightful optimism of Senator Jones' speech at the Lyric Theatre. It was full of the courage of the West, the belief that by character and hard work the American, white or black, can win a heritage. "Do the thing next at hand," was the watchword of his "encouraging talk. And his impressive marshalling of facts regarding the Negro's progress during the past fifty years showed that, despite the handicaps that the association is pledged to strive to remove, ability to do the next thing had, indeed, brought an enslaved people into an honorable place in the ranks of free labor. HEREDITY AND RACIAL INFERIORITY. Dr. Jacques Loeb, of the Rockefeller Institute, a world authority on modern biology, was unable to be present, but sent his short, comprehensive paper. Readers of THE CRISIS will notice his caution in making generalizations from insufficient data a THE N. A. A. C. P. caution that marks the great scientist. We Americans have suffered long from the "Iknow-a-colored-family" type of argument. Here we have something different and worthy of the most careful reading: 1. ''Modern work on heredity has shown that hereditary characters are, as a rule, not linked, but are transmitted independently of each other. It is therefore contrary to all known facts to say that with a pigmented skin, or with a certain type of eyes, must necessarily be connected a lower degree of intelligence or moral control. 2. ''Practically nothing is known concerning the mechanism or the heredity of mental and moral traits. It seems that certain talents run in certain families— e. g., unusual mathematical ability, musical ability and talent for drawing. All known facts indicate that they are not limited to special races, but that they are the peculiarity of certain strains or families, independently of race. 3. "We do not even know to what extent the development of mental and moral traits depends upon the condition of the brain and the nervous system alone, and to what extent upon the action of chemical substances produced in other organs of the body in the form of internal secretions. Until this is settled all positive statements concerning the heredity7 of mental and moral traits remain unwarranted. It is an open question whether with equal facilities and equal care the children of different races would show widely different mental and moral development; provided that the number of children chosen for comparison were large enough to eliminate the chance influence of differences in specific talents occurring in certain families. 4. "The statement expressed so often that intermarriage, or mixture of races, leads to degeneracy is unwarranted and contradicted, to some extent at least, by recent investigations. The experiments of Burbank, East and Schall have proved that heterogosity, or race mixture, may improve the breed. 5. "In view of these and other considerations, the writer is of the opinion that it is not only contrary to justice, but also contrary to scientific facts to deny the colored people equal rights and, equal economic, social and educational facilities with the whites." NEW ENGLAND. A ringing note came from New England when Mr. Butler R. Wilson, secretary of the Boston branch, spoke on the growth of prejudice in his section and how it is met. We hope that some time the Boston branch will print for us an account of its many interesting cases. Certainly they are handled in a way that we should all like to emulate, though many of us can scarcely hope to find a like response from our community to our appeals for justice. Mr. Wilson ended his speech with these words: "Race prejudice as it now manifests itself against the colored people must cease or there will come an end to democracy in America. It is idle to profess that this is a government of the people, by the people and for the people and at the same time to deny 10,000,000 of those people both participation in the government and equal protection under its laws. This government is not going to be democratic for white men and anarchic for black men. It is going to be one thing or the other. All democratic or all anarchic." The South and New England came together when Miss Adelene Moffat, a member of the executive board of the Boston branch, and a resident of Tennessee before coming to New England, spoke upon the Southern Renaissance. Miss Moffat assured her hearers that she found when she visited the South a change in sentiment, a gradual return on the part of the white people of the South to the courtesy and high-minded ideals of a former generation. And this was affecting their attitude toward the Negro race. The thoughtful Southerner was weary of being represented in the eyes of the world by the blatant, intolerant, ignorant white members of his community. BALTIMORE. The Baltimore branch not only conducted with marked success a long and important conference, but also furnished some of its able presiding officers and speakers. Mr. W. Ashbie Hawkins, whose magnificent work against segregation wins for him the admiration and applause of the association, gave a thoughtful paper on the Negro and the courts. He showed his audience that, despite adverse decisions, the court is still the stronghold of Negro justice. His careful TH E CRISIS analysis of his subject made the members of the association realize more keenly than ever the importance of their legal bureau and the necessity of continuing and enlarging their legal work. The Rev. Garnett R. Waller contributed an interesting talk on the color problem in Baltimore. "Baltimore," he said, "is a weather vane for the miasmic Southern simoons of race discriminations. It is a most fruitful field for the development of all phases of race antagonism." He described the two political parties and their advice to the Negro. "His white Republican friends invariably advise him to keep out of sight as much as possible, walk easily and speak softly or the Democrats will catch him. He is even told not to visit the party headquarters for fear of arousing the phobia of the opposite party. His white Democratic neighbors disavow any dislike for him theoretically, but find him a Negro on Election Day, though he may be a good colored person after the election. "But the colored voter has learned a thing or two during the past half century, as was demonstrated at the last election. He is learning to vote for men and measures rather than party." WASHINGTON. The conference was fortunate in having a large delegation from Washington. Mr. Archibald Grimke, chairman of the Washington branch, presided at one of the meeting's and gave an admirable talk on Negro ideals and ambitions. He urged the Negro unhesitatingly to keep to the stand that is his heritage in America—the stand that one man is as good as another. "This," Mr. Grimke said, "is at the basis of American manners, morals and character. It has given the individual independence, self-reliance, initiative, enthusiasm, a push and a 'get there' spirit. It has also given him, to be sure, a swagger, an offensive self-assertiveness, a sort of brutal aggressiveness and vulgar boastfulness which are peculiarly American, too. He is always certain that he and his country are the biggest things on earth. Nevertheless, this belief that one man' is as good as another is the most fruitful single contribution that American democracy has made to mankind. The South does not want the Negro to be an American. It wants him to accept a lower standard, to believe that nature has made the black man to be a hewer of wood and a drawer of water, but the Negro has chosen to be simply and frankly American in his ideals and ambitions. Like Martin Luther, here he has taken his stand and, God helping him, he can do no more." The association held a post-conference meeting at Washington at which Mr. Grimke presided. Judge Stafford, Senator Clapp and Dr. J. E. Spingarn were the speakers. Like all our Washington meetings, it was a great success. THE LAST MEETING. Many of the "Old Guard" were on the platform at the last meeting: Dr. Du Bois, Mr. Milholland, Mr. Russell, Miss Ovington and Mr. Villard. Mr. Villard's stirring paper, "Some Traitors to the South," has been reported by the press throughout the country. Never before has any association speech received such publicity. It is impossible even to attempt to reproduce it here. Sometime we hope to be able to give it in its entirety' to our readers. It was a speech peculiarly' fitting for deliverance in a Southern city, since, while beginning with .an arraignment of the demagogue, it ended with a high tribute to the Southerners who are upholding the Negro in his demands for civil and political rights. "If," as Mr. Villard so appositely put it, "I am to keep my hands off the Negro and leave him to the Southerner, I make this reservation: that I be allowed to pick the Southerners." THE TASK BEFORE US. In opening the conference at Lyric Theatre, Dr. Spingarn said: "I consecrate these three days to honest, sincere, unimpassioned and impartial study of problems that concern every one of our 100,000,000 people." All who attended the conference found its three days full of the promise that the chairman of the board of directors gave. Always the study was honest and sincere, and if it was not always quite unimpassioned and impartial it was none the worse for that. Near the meeting's close, at Bethel Church, Mr. Charles Edward Russell, one of the founders of our movement, spoke of the association and its possibilities. His call is one to be answered by all who have read through this story of our principles and THE N. A. A. C. P. 87 who believe these principles to be true and right. "I look back upon the beginning of this association when three or four of us met in a little room to organize. To-day, after five years, we have nearly 4,000 members. That fact opens the way. We see our goal. We have started now. Next year—one year from now—we should have 10,000, not 4,000. If in one year we can increase our membership to 10,000, I see before me not far off a membership of 100,000, the greatest power that there has ever been in this country for good, for righteousness and for justice. In the presence of such a future, what a wonderful potentiality opens before us. I believe in my heart and soul that this association has been chosen an instrument for the new abolition, for the completion of the work so magnificently begun fifty years ago, for the erection here upon the foundations laid by Garrison, Phillips and John Brown of a perfect, complete temple of democracy and freedom wherein every man and every woman shall be the partaker of absolutely equal rights under the flag." MEMPHIS, TENN. On Monday night, May 11, in Memphis, Tenn., the association held a public meeting at Avery Chapel. The printed announcements of this meeting contained the following sentence: All persons who love the truth and dare to hear it are cordially invited. The speakers were Dr. W. E. B. Du Bois, editor of THE CRISIS; Dr. J. E. Spingarn, chairman of the board of directors of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, formerly professor in Columbia University, New York, and Professor William Pickens, of Talladega College, Alabama. An enormous crowd was present and leaped up to meet every message of hope and courage from the three able speakers. Those well-meaning people, black and white, who assure the association that the Southern Negro is not especially concerned about his rights, but is happy as a ward of the kindly white man, should have heard the answer to this gospel of inferiority that the Memphis Negroes gave. There were men and women in that audience, a part of our great humanity, and they answered the call to battle for human rights, for the rights of their children, as men and women should. The association feels that its work in the South has just begun. COLORED BUSINESS HOUSES AND INSTITUTIONS IN BALTIMORE. The SPINGARN MEDAL PROFESSOR J. E. SPINGARN offers to furnish annually a gold medal, not to cost more than $100, and to be awarded for the highest or noblest achievement by an American Negro during the preceding-year, upon ' the following terms and conditions: (1) The board of directors of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People shall select five persons, who may or may not be members of that board, as the committee of award, and this committee shall have full charge of the awarding of the medal, the design, etc., and its decisions in regard to all matters connected with the medal shall be final. (2) At the annual conference on the Negro, held under the auspices of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, this medal shall be awarded, with appropriate ceremonies, to the man or woman of Negro descent, citizen of the United States, who shall have made the highest achievement during the preceding year in any field of elevated or honorable human endeavor; and the committee of award shall decide for itself, in each year, what particular act deserves the highest acclaim; and nothing in this section shall be understood to limit their choice in any way to any one field, whether that field be intellectual, spiritual, physical, scientific, commercial, educational or any other. (3) The committee of award may withhold the award of the medal in any year, if no achievement seems to merit an award, and in that event the committee may employ the money so withheld for the creation of one or more medals in the following year or years, to be awarded as a second, third or other prize in accordance with the same principles. (1) The donor is to furnish $100 each year to the board of directors of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People until further notice, this sum to be used for the purpose herein indicated, and the sums so given shall not be used for any purpose except that described above, nor shall the committee of award be authorized to spend for any medal or medals more than already, at any given time, may actually form part of the medal fund. Spingarn Medal AWARDED TO BY THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE THE SPINGARN MEDAL. (Reverse; for obverse see cover.) LISTEN, O ISLES!* [An appreciation of the Philippine Constabulary Band, organized by a Negro, Captain Loving, through the suggestion of former President Taft.] g§ H By JAMES D. CORROTHERS M H • I. 	The Helicon? But hark! What mellow tide SWIRLE D over-most by Titan winds that toss Their limbs and ringlets in the eddying air. Like death-loosed poets, with their breeze- blown hair, Hymning to mountains, precipice and palm, Or sighing soft as Seraph's evening psalm— Startled by storm burst; stilled in love's deep loss, Listen, O Dream Isles of the Orient Main, Thy brown elves wake and pour lost Eden's choral strain! II. Thrilled by brown magi from the nymphean coves. Old nations sing as if the centuries Sighed to the stars some old, lost planet's love; Now Egypt breathes: now Babylon, Persia, Greece, Through these soft pipes, wake, sighing, like the groves Where gods have wandered, and where winds are whispering "Peace." But hear the flute's sweet eccentricities 'Neath the white moon, you castled stream above, Till crash of cymbals, turban'd Turks have known, And sound's fine rain, and booming of deep drums, (And the brown gnome who pursueth wind gusts through Old Triton's wreathed shell, he wakes anew— Bellowing, like Neptune's rage, with much ado), Drown, with their ocean roar, the little bird Whose notes, like dainty Ariel's, laughed that they were heard. Was it Adonis, wandering alone, Waked, with sweet lips, the silver piccolo, Fair Music's nightingale, which sang: "Mine own, Mine own, dear Love, dost thou not know; lot know?" Now, o'er the hills, is it Apollo comes, Pouring (oh, hear!) sound's golden honey down *Written at the suggestion of Dr. W. Bishop could drown Those silver reeds whose notes go down to some Well's bottom, over crystal rocks? Oh, come! Hear music ripple, like a breeze that's blown O'er ripening fields and Daphne's rosy vale, Full, deep and resonant! Hear this rose gale Of June's sweet Calliope wake, and all The muses rouse from dreamy murmurings! Hear shout and revel; romp and tipsy call Of woodland fairies. List! What siren sings O'er ocean voicings— deep, divinely deep! What billowed tempests rage; what surge and sweep; What equal thunderings storm Poseidon's throne, And sound Earth's black abyss! Now Ares fires The clouds, and far his awful symphony fills The world. 'Tis war! Embattled Harmony Sends Echo flying, golden, to the hills, To win brave heights where the winged eagle tires. And oh! the battle music rageth gloriously! Till, victory won, a last loud bar begins With roll of kettledrums, like boom of bees that drone, On heavy wings, down sultry summer winds, And unmolested bays where love sees one white sail. III. And what of him who leads these happy fauns ? This Afric' Pan who broke the crystal lip Of Sound's lost river; plashed there, and let drip Thy soul, 0 Islands, mystical and sweet, Through reeds that bowed and nodded at Taft's feet, Fair and unbroken, 'mid the clamorous Dawn's Cry and appealings? Courage, 0 my race! Courage	 and patience, Islands; ye shall yet have place! Johnson, of Washington, D. C. THE SHELL ROAD WITCH. THE SHELL ROAD WITCH By M. BUDD WARREN FEILDING was in the habit of saying: "What I can't step over I crawl under." He demonstrated this principle with success in his business dealings, and determined to apply it to the particular case upon which his thoughts were intent as he motored out of the city one afternoon to Lizzie Lewis's home on the shell road. This road was fast becoming the popular drive with Florida's winter tourists. Branching out from the city like a loop of glistening white ribbon, it wound its way into the scented pine woods, dipped to the palm-fringed banks of the river and curved back to the city, past tropical tangles of palmettos and oak trees, hoary with festoons of trailing gray moss. Feilding, though caring little for the road's natural beauty, had with shrewd eyes gauged its commercial possibilities. The vacant lots along the roadside bristled with his real-estate signs, and he was exerting every effort to turn the tide of fashionable emigration that way. On the banks of the river, close to where the road broke from the woods, Feilding had already planned building his own handsome home. Next to his ground was Lizzie Lewis's tumbled-down log cabin. Lizzie was sitting on the doorstep when he brought his car to a stop at her gate. Her dull eyes expressed placid content as she puffed at her corncob pipe and watched the carriages and automobiles roll in a gay pro cession past her - door. A lazy thread of smoke curled from the cabin's tipsy chimney. Above the roof a banana tree waved languorous green arms, and a brood of chickens clucked over the sandy little yard in quest of seed. Feilding swung out of his auto and looked around with the dissatisfied air of a pur chaser. The chickens fled with excited squawks, while a • yellow mongrel, appear ing from the back yard, leaped at him with angry yelps. If Feilding had followed his inclination he would at once have said: "I want this piece of land. Here is the money. Now, get out." But before he undertook a transaction he always learned all there was to know about it. Lizzie Lewis had been a slave. Proving childless she was put to work in the rice fields, where she developed into the morose old woman with whom he had to deal. She stood between his plans and success. Unless she and her crazy old cabin were removed from the shell road, it would be impossible to make the road the ultra-residential section he wished. Holding these facts well in hand he was too diplomatic to make a false move. He tossed away his cigar and approached Lizzie with a genial smile. "Howdy, Aunty. Fine day, isn't it?" Lizzie grunted, her pendulous lips still clinging to her pipe. Feilding began a more direct attack. ' "Noticed any of my little signs cropping up along the road, Aunty? I'm buying up all the land I can lay hold of and paying top prices for it. If things don't begin pretty soon to hum along this road my name isn't Feilding." Lizzie rolled her sombre eyes in his direction. "What yo' drivin' at?" she asked. Feilding threw back his head and laughed. "Say, Auntie, you are as keen as a razor. I'll bet on you for seeing through a brick wall. Fact is," he continued, hitching himself into a confidential attitude, "I've come out here prepared to offer you a fancy price for this little strip of land. I've bought the land on either side, and am going to try some great stunts in the way of growing lawns on this confounded sandy soil. Now, what's your figure?" "I'se not sellin' mah lil' home." The quiet decision of Lizzie's mellow voice made Feilding grit his teeth. "Here is a case," he told himself, "when I will have to do the crawling act." "Oh, you think that, Auntie, because you have never had the chance to close with a good offer. Your lot is no use to me. The best I can do with it is to sod it and run it into my own grounds. So, you see, I'll be getting nothing out of the deal. What would you say to $400?" He leaned back to study the effect of this upon Lizzie. 92 THE CRISIS "I ain't sellin' mah lil' home," she repeated. Feilding's choler began to rise. "Look here, Aunty, you don't realize what you are saying. This is the chance of your life. Your lot in good round figures isn't worth more than $200. As for the cabin! Why. I could knock one up like it for $50." "Marse Holland gin mah ole man dis lan'. Hah ole man were de fust pusson ter dump iyster shells on dis road. I ain't sellin' mah lil' home." "Ha! ha! I understand. Little bit of sentiment, hey? Well. I'm chuck full of it myself. I've got a little boy I swear by. Say, there's no money on earth that could make up for his loss. Now, seeing how you feel about it, I'll throw in another hundred. You plank sentiment alongside solid cash and see how you come out." "I'se not sellin' mah lil' home," reiterated Lizzie, looking past him to the sparkling-river. Feilding lost grip of himself. "You stubborn old fool!" he shouted, "I'll not offer another cent. But mark me—out of here you go." His florid face was purple with rage as he got into his auto and whizzed away. When Feilding cooled down he decided he had been foolish to lose his temper. Lizzie was too insignificant to prove a lasting-obstacle. He would find some means of getting rid of her. There was no crawling he would hesitate to do if it led to what he wanted. In the meantime he went on with his building and investments. When his house was finished he sent North for his wife and child and their train of servants. At intervals he saw Lizzie Lewis and tried, without success, to bring her to terms. "I could wring her black neck." confided Feilding to a friend. "I know how it will be when my wife comes. Lida is a great stickler for style. She'll never stand for having that old hag for a neighbor. I wish I had left this shell-road scheme alone. I'll lose every cent I have put in it." As he predicted. Lida Feilding at once took exception to her neighbor. "What in the world did you build right next to her for if you can't get her to move?" she questioned, as they stood on the piazza of their beautiful new home and looked with scornful eyes into Lizzie's humble quarters. "Because," returned Feilding in a low voice, "I can make her move." It would be difficult to find a more inof fensive neighbor than Lizzie Lewis. She attended to her own affairs. Although her small yard was overrunning with chickens, she kept them and the yellow mongrel in perfect subjection. It took Feilding a long time to realize that Lizzie had no need for money. The produce of her sweet-potato patch, her hens, and even the banana tree, provided her with means to pay her taxes and buy hominy and tobacco. An old stocking held a reserve fund, from which she paid for a sitting in Mount Zion Church, her burial-society dues, and bought an occasional calico dress. Beyond these essentials what need had she for money? That she could have a grain of sentiment Feilding decided was impossible-. She was a stupid, insensate block, which must be removed from his path. Lizzie was in the habit of taking her eggs and chickens into the market every Saturday and returning home in the cool of the evening, with her basket laden with necessary purchases. She was trudging home one evening, after a particularly successful day, feeling at peace with the world, when from a clump of scrub palmettos Abe, her dog, leaped out, a singed and blackened rope dangling from his neck. With sharp, distressed yelps he urged her forward, until she came to the smouldering ruins of her cabin. One wild cry broke from her lips. She sank to the ground and leaned her gayly turbaned head against the charred gatepost. Abe crouched beside her, his eyes almost human with sympathy. From behind the curtains of his library Feilding and his wife were silent spectators. Lida's worldly heart was touched. "Oh. poor, old thing," she cried, with her eyes full of tears. "Go out and speak to her, Warren." she begged. "Pshaw! Darkies always act that way. They like to 'take on,' as they call it. She's not feeling half that," declared Feilding. with pretended indifference. Yielding at length to his wife's entreaties, he made an awkward attempt at consolation. "Too bad. Aunty! That's the worst of living out of town. The fire department is THE SHELL ROAD WITCH no help in a case like this. Cheer up. It might have been worse. I'll stick by my last offer, and you can buy a nice little place farther back in the woods." Lizzie lifted her quivering face and looked at him. "How dat cabin cotched fire?" she demanded, stumbling to her feet. Fear, undefined but real, clutched at Feed ing's heart. There was no mistaking her look of understanding. To him it was full of menace. "I don' want yo' money," she added. "Dis mah lan', and hyah I'se gwine tub. stay 'till I dies." "She's like a maddened animal," reported Feilding to his wife. "Keep away from her, Lida, and for God's sake watch son. She's a dangerous enemy. I have a presentment she will do me an injury through son if she gets the chance." All night Lizzie sat moaning among the ashes of her home. At sunrise she went for help. Before night her friends had raised a little shack, which was a cross between a big dry-goods box and a dog kennel. In it Lizzie took up her abode. Feilding grew irritable and moody. "She's a regular old witch," he complained to his wife. "They say she can toss a snake over her head as if it was a stick. For heaven's sake, keep son away from her. I caught him the other day poking his little fingers through the cracks in the fence and calling: 'Hillo, An' Nizzie.' She has a way of watching him with those bloodshot eyes of hers that gives me the creeps. She is biding her time." "I cannot believe she would harm son," said his wife. "Don't give her the chance. Now, mind me, Lida. I know what I am talking about." The hot weather was beginning, and glad of it, as an excuse, Feilding made arrangements for taking his wife and child North. The day before leaving be and Lida went into the city to conclude some final preparations. While there they decided to spend the night in the city and attend the theatre. They 'phoned their decision to the servants, with special orders regarding son. But Feilding, unable to shake off the uneasy feeling which haunted him, to satisfy himself that all was well, motored home again. He found the house deserted. From the garage came the "Pink Lady" waltz, horned from the gramophone. The sound of trip ping feet and laughter testified that the servants were holding high carnival. "They are a good-for-nothing lot," he muttered. "I'm glad they are to be shipped North to-morrow." He was hurrying across the garden when bis eyes caught the glint of son's yellow curls against the crimson cushions of the ham mock, which was swung beneath a huge oak tree. Feilding's face softened, as it always did when he saw his child. He moved with caution to the hammock, smiling to himself as he pictured the little fellow's waking de light at seeing him. Son's bare white arms were thrown above his head. His forehead sparkled with moisture, and his blue eyes were rolled up ward with a dreadful, unseeing stare. Sick with horror, Feilding saw coiled upon the child's breast a large rattlesnake. While he stood in agonized indecision he heard a slight rustling, and discovered Lizzie Lewis peeping from behind the shrubbery. Feilding's heart seemed to stand still. He remembered the stories he had heard of Lizzie's power over snakes. "So," he groaned, "this is her revenge." The tree hid him from Lizzie. She was creeping forward on hands and knees, her eyes fixed on the snake, whose ugly head began to rear with slow, sinuous movements. Lizzie was close to the hammock when with a venomous hiss the reptile darted forward to strike. In a flash she held up, before the child's defenseless face, a pine board. When the writhing fangs struck it she jerked the board away; and Feilding saw they were imbedded in the soft wood. The snake rolled harmless to the ground. Sweat was pouring down Feilding's ashen face. Lizzie lifted the child in her arms, rocking him back and forth with soft croonings. "Aunt Lizzie ain' gwine tuh let nuffin' hut her baby chile. Dem trifiin' white trash ain' no good tuh min' lil' babies. Dat old Mr. Rattler bin roostin' in dat tree fur de las' year. Shut yo' eyes, honey. Aunt Lizzie am right hyar." In obedience, son's heavy eyelids drooped and, struggling back from a stupor of fright, he laid one weak hand against her cheek. She caught it to her lips. All the love of her hungry heart, all the humble sweetness of her nature, was expressed in the littie act. HISTORY and FACTS ''The Negro in American History." By John W. Cromwell. 284 pages. The American Negro Academy, Washington, D. C. MR. CROMWELL has given us, in a volume of 300 pages, a 76-page history of the Negro in the United States and the biographies of ten distinguished per sons of Negro blood in the 162 other pages. To this are added fourteen pages of appended notes, a bibliography, chronology and index. In his foreword Mr. Cromwell states his purpose as follows: "It is not my purpose to write a history of the United States, nor of any period of that history. The Negro is so interwoven with the growth and development of the American nation that a history of him as an important element, during little more than a century, of which he has been a factor, becomes a task of peculiar difficulty. In the few pages that follow, mine is a much more simple and humble task—to indicate some of the more important points of the contact of the nation and the Negro; to tell how the former in its evolution has been affected by the presence and status of the latter; and to trace the transformation of the bondman and savage, stolen from Africa, to his freedom and citizenship in the United States, and to his recognition of such in the fundamental law, and by an increasing public sentiment of the country." Mr. Cromwell's historical chapters are, with one exception, poor and inadequate. That exception is his excellent and well-known essay on the early convention movement. The biographies are more satisfactory, and Mr. Cromwell has here much interesting and much new material. Young colored men and women may study these lives with interest. The book is tastefully gotten up and well printed on heavy paper. ''Living Conditions Anions Negroes in the Ninth Ward. A social survey. By Charles Wesley Burton, New Haven, Conn. This study contains facts and figures which show decided progress among Negroes in the section studied, which contains one- half of the colored population of New Haven. The investigation was carried on by house-to-house canvassing, over a period of more than two years, and 330 householders were studied. A majority of these people came originally from the South. Practically every occupation is engaged in by the breadwinners, and 82 per cent, of them work fifty-two weeks in the year. The largest numbers are engaged as: Laundresses, fifty; janitors and porters, forty-four; waiters, thirty-five; laborers, thirty-one; cooks, twenty-three; teamsters, twenty-two; domestic servants, twenty, and seamstresses and dressmakers, thirteen. More than 97 per cent, of the families are communicants in some church; 179 families have 403 children—an average of 1.22 children per family for 330 families. The average illiteracy is low, about 6 per cent. No case of illiteracy was found in a child more than 10 years old. Most of the children between 6 and 14 years of age are in school, and many older ones are in high school and college. More than 43 per cent, of the breadwinners receive from $10 to $14 in wages per week; twenty-eight receive $6 or less per week and thirty receive $25 or more. The average weekly income of 330 families is $13.91, and they pay an average of $10.78 per month for rent (though 5 per cent, own their homes). They have nearly $40,000 in the bank, and carry insurance to the value of $232,961. Sixty-three of these families own $192,000 worth of taxable property, and 330 families occupy 1,671 rooms, an average of 5.06 rooms per family, or 1.51 per capita. Mr. Burton finds here the same conditions of discrimination and poor housing conditions, with wretched environment making for disease and vice, as are found practically everywhere. And yet crime is not nearly so prevalent as in the Italian and other foreign districts, and Negroes ask for and receive almost no charity. "Duplication of Schools for Negro Youth.'' By W. T. B. Williams. Occasional papers, No. 15 of the trustees of the John F. Slater Fund. 22 pages There has been practically no attempt at general thoughtful supervision and co-ordina HISTORY AND FACTS 95 tion of Negro education. Every agency suited to this has been systematically diverted from its purpose. Church boards of Negro education have been created, but they have worked almost exclusively within sectarian lines. Southern school authorities have usually had just as little to do with the Negro school system as possible. The Southern Education Board, designed first for Negro education, then for all education, ended by working "for white people only" with the cheerful assent of its Northern promoters. The General Education Board, under Wallace Buttrick, as soon as it was sure of its millions, began to disabuse the minds of black folk of any assumption they may have had that the board had the slightest interest in them or intended to help except in the most casual and niggardly way. The result is a shamefully neglected and inadequate Negro public-school system in the South, supplemented by private schools which furnish primary, secondary, vocational and college training. This pamphlet shows the confusion and lack of co-ordination in this private-school system. The chief difficulty lies in the distribution of the schools. They tend to congregate in centers and leave large sections unsupplied. There are not too many schools—there are not enough; but they are unintelligently distributed. "The reasons for the multiplication of schools at given centers are many. In the early days in Negro education railroad facilities in smaller places were poor, and the markets and stores were not well developed outside the larger cities and towns. So the schools were practically forced into the better places for the sake of the ordinary conveniences. They also went to the cities to get proper police protection. "In time a number of less worthy motives led to the duplication of schools now so apparent. Denominational rivalry and proselyting played their parts." The result is summed up as follows: "In Alabama, for instance, twenty well-known colored schools, representing ten denominations, are crowded into seven centers, including the four largest cities of the State. In Georgia twenty-six schools, representing seven denominations, are situated in ten cities. Of these Atlanta has six, Augusta has three, Macon has three and Savannah two. In North Carolina nine cities contain twenty-one schools, representing six denominations. The same number of faiths has fourteen schools in six cities of South Carolina, while thriving cities like Anderson, Spartanburg and Florence have no schools of this type. Louisiana has practically all of her strong schools in New Orleans. And in the broad State of Texas at least four cities have two Negro schools apiece." Even in the cities where the schools are congregated they cannot serve the larger constituency, but become largely local public schools on which the white community calmly shoulders its burden. "Owing to the lack of ample provisions for colored children in the elementary schools of the South, the private schools are justified in carrying elementary courses. This is particularly true in cities like Macon, Ga., and New Orleans, La., where the public schools do not take the colored children beyond the sixth grade, and in cities such as Atlanta, Augusta and Savannah in Georgia, where many hundreds of colored children are given no seats in the public schools at all." "In many instances the rivalry resulting from the duplication of schools in a given city not only works harm to the private institutions, but stifles the development of the colored public schools." "An extreme case of killing off of public-school interest by rival denominational schools is furnished by Rock Hill, S. C. Here a nominal sum of public money is given to each of four private schools for the instruction of the public-school children. The city conducts no public school for colored children." "It is a great pity that the colored children in the elementary and secondary grades in the several schools in the city must be taught in comparatively small groups at a high relative cost and lowered efficiency. For example, in Birmingham, Ala., 986 elementary students are distributed among five private institutions. In Selma 1,162 pupils in the grades are divided among three private institutions. In Atlanta 1,256 such students are scattered around among five schools, and in New Orleans 1,189 among three institutions." This pamphlet will do good if it results in effort to redistribute and strengthen the private schools; and it will do harm if it results in reducing the number of private schools and crippling them, with no effort to -increase public-school facilities. 96 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER PUBLISHERS' CHAT The annual Educational Number of TH E CRISIS, with pictures of leading colored scholars, will appear in July. Information as to prize winners and college honors will be welcomed. Remember that our editions are usually exhausted early and persons wishing this special number should order in time. When Buying Hair Goods ask your dealer for Green's Creole hair. It not only keeps the crimp, but is the best on the market. I f your dealer cannot furnish you with our goods, send your order direct to us and we will be pleased to fill it. Switches, puffs, pompadours, transformations and anything pertaining to hair goods. 1-stem Switches $ .50 1/2-ounce 3-stem Switches 75 3/4-ounce 3-stem Switches 1.00 22-inch Switches 1.50 24-inch Switches 2.00 26-inch Switches 2.50 28-inch Switches 3.00 These prices not including gray hair. Our workmanship is the best, and we feel sure that after using our grade of goods, we will have you as our regular customer. Send in your samples. Perfect match guaranteed. If not satisfactory we will refund your money. Green's Hair Goods Co. Room 58 6 West Randolph Street -- Chicago, Ill. Homes in Long Island! Few people realize the wonderful possibilities of Long Island property, the rapid growth of that section of the city and its wonderful future. W E ARE SELLING GOOD HOMES IN CORONA, with all improvements, only five cents carfare to New York. Corona is in the very center of Greater New York, and in a few months will be reached by the rapid transit lines of Manhattan, giving to the people of that section of the city a five-cent carfare to any section of Manhattan. The only place within thirty minutes of Times Square, Grand Central Station or the Pennsylvania Station, where the man of small means can get a modern home with all improvements at a moderate cost. We would be glad to have you visit Corona at our expense. Corona is one of the highest elevations in New York City, has an excellent car service, good schools, excellent water supply and the best place in all New York for children. For full particulars as to price and terms address L. S. REED &amp; COMPANY 142 Hunter Avenue Long Island City Some choice investment lots for $50 on reasonable terms Mention TH E CRISIS $300 Monthly for You! I want square men and women to act as my Special Sales testing your Tub. can say it surely is a wonder and gives representatives in every county, I want hustling, energetic, entire satisfaction."—O. P. Morgan, Ohio. ambitious persons, anxious to make big money, who are I want you to handle your county. I'll furnish demonstratwilling to work with me. I want to show YOU how to ing tub on a liberal basis. I'm positive, yes, I'm absolutely MAKE $300 PROFIT and EXPENSES EVERY MONTH. I certain, that you am make bigger money in a week with me want to show YO U how to make more money easier, quicker, than you over made in a month before. Hustlers, east, west, more sure and certain than you ever did before in all your north, south, are simply coining money. Orders, orders, life. I want you to advertise, sell and appoint local agents everywhere. For remember, fully 70 per cent, of the people for the most sensational seller in fifty years—the startling have no bathrooms. You can take the orders right and left. invention that has set the entire country agog— Quick sales and immense profits. Two sales a day means $300 a month profit. Stop and realize the tremendous possibilities. Look around you. Be amazed. Your neighbors, The Robinson Folding Bath Tub friends, relatives, have no bathrooms. They are eager for one; never had the opportunity to install one. You step in; Here's an absolutely new invention. Nothing else like it. show the tub. Sale's made, profit sure. Has taken the entire country by storm. Solves the bathing problem. Gives every home a modern, up-to-date bathroom No Experience Needed in any part of the house. No plumbing, no waterworks needed. Take full length baths in any room: up stairs, down Why, I don't care if you never sold anything before in all stairs, bedroom, sick-room, parlor, kitchen, any room in the your life, you can make good, big money with me. You're bouse. The Robinson Tub folds in small honest? You're square? Of course you are. You've got grit, roll, handy as an umbrella. Rivals expensive ginger, gumption? Of course you have. You want to make bathroom. Constructed of the wonderful good ? You want to make big money ? Sure you do. Well, "Steeline" material. I tell you it's that's all I ask. If you are willing to do your bast, backed GREAT! Remember it is needed in every by my co-operation and help, you can blast out the biggest home. Means modern bathing facilities financial success of your career. I grant credit, you know, so for all the people. A godsend to humanity. money can't hold you back. I furnish sample on liberal plan. Exclusive Demonstrating Territory Tubs 100% Profit Furnished Sensational Sales Success! What others are doing YOU can do. Read these records: I help you out and back you up. So don't let doubt drag N. T. Smith. Ohio. $90 weekly profit. Meyers, Wis.. $250 you back. You have nothing to lose. My other men axe first month. Beasley. Neb.. $35 profit first four hours. building homes, starting bank accounts. So can you! Newton, Cal. $60 in three days. Mathias, Fla.. $120 in two days. Corrigan. N. Y.. $114 in sixty hours. C. H. Tremor, Indiana. $35 profit in six hours. W. F. Hincard. New Mexico, Mail This Coupon Today $35 in two days. Average men, average sales, average towns. Undeniable proof of the big money to be made by hustlers Yes, sign this coupon right now. Don't send me a single penny. Don't send me any return postage. Don't send me any everywhere. The Robinson Tub is badly wanted and eagerly remuneration at all. Just sign and mail the coupon. That Is all I ask. By sending the coupon you give me the chance bought. to prove every word I have said. Let me prove every statement. Let me tell you the whole enthusing, ambition-See how pleased these people are: "Delighted with Tub; awakening story of a tremendous world-wide success. Will will recommend it."—Mrs. Jennie Hall, Mississippi. "Bath you do this? Of course you will. Sign and mall the coupon Tub O. K. Just right size."—Wm. Benz, Ohio. "Our Tub NOW I has been in daily use. Fine,"—Mrs. J. E. Randall. New Customers' Words of Praise H. S. ROBINSON, President York. "Have been using your Tub. Could not do without it."—Mrs. G. C. Money. Iowa. "Robinson Tub first-class."— Chas. A. Massie. Washington. "Tub arrived. Children and The Robinson Cabinet Mfg. Co. all delighted."—C. R. Loucks. Louisiana. "W e all took a 82 Factories Building TOLEDO, OHIO bath. It sure is a daisy."—O. L. Morris. Oregon. "After Walkerville. Ontario, Canada Guaranteed for 10 Years! Cannot Leak Every Robinson Folding Bath Tub that leaves our factory is guaranH. S. ROBINSON, Pre.. teed for ten years against any defect in manufacture. This is due to the remarkable invention. "Steeline," the material used in the construc Robinson Cabinet Mfg. Co. tion of the Robinson Folding Bath Tub. Constructed with this material 82 Factories Bldg., Toledo, O. the tub can be and is guaranteed for 10 years. Should it prove defective a new tub Is Immediately furnished in its place. This guarantee $300 a month looks good to me. Write protects every customer for a period of 10 years. Steeline makes the- tub me and tell me all about your special soft and pliable, yet strong and lasting. The tub cannot spill, tip nor splash. Just as strong and durable in use as the ordinary enameled tub, plan and how I can make this big money but in convenience so far superior. In buying the Robinson Tub, cusacting as your representative. This obtomers take absolutely no risk. They are guaranteed against defects by ligates me in no way. our liberal, binding guarantee. Families everywhere boost the Robinson Tub to their friends, which makes the sales come fast and sure for our representatives. Surely the ideal bathing equipment without one objec tionable feature. Empties Itself Name Remember this; The Robinson Folding Bath Tub. equipped with our special Outlet Emptying Device makes the tub positively self-emptying. How convenient and handy this is. After the bath, no fuss and bother emptying the tub. By the time you're dressed the tub is emptied ready to lay away. All the conveniences of a modern, up-to-date bathroom, Street and No., and yet the Folding Tub does not take up space or be In the way when not in use. No special room need be set aside as a bathroom unless desired. Any room can be made into a bathroom in five minutes' time. Is it any wonder users are delighted and agents are enthusiastic? The Robinson Folding Bath Tub demonstrates its value immediately upon Town showing. It is the ideal bathing equipment for every home, city, country or town, for camping. etc.. as well as the one desirable tub for the sick room, bedroom, parlor, living room or kitchen; any room can be made into a bathroom In a jiffy. All this without plumbing, water works or extra expense. After the Initial cost there are no further expenses to State pay. Every home everywhere is just waiting for the Robinson Folding Tub. Mention TH E CRISIS 98 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER HAZEL The Story of a Little Colored Girl By MARY WHITE OVINGTON Author of "Half a Man" Price $1.00 net. Postage prepaid, $1.08. For sale through our agents and at THE CRISIS office, as well as at leading book stores. CRISIS PUBLISHING COMPANY 70 FIFTH AVENUE Atlanta University Studies of the Negro Problems 17 Monographs Sold Separately Address: ATLANTA UNIVERSITY CONFERENCE Atlanta University, Atlanta, Ga. The Curse of Race Prejudice By James F. Morton, Jr., A. M. An aggressive exposure by an Anglo-Saxon champion of equal rights. Startling facts and crush ing arguments. Fascinating reading. A necessity for clear understandingBelongs in the libraryjustice. Price 25 cents. JAMES F. 244 West 143d Street Valuable Books and up-to-date propaganda.  of every friend of social  Send orders to MORTON, JR. --- New York, N. Y. Big 12c. Library of Popular Bookswomen and children. Sample copy 10c.free. SUPERIOR SALES CO., Box 171,Ohio. at Bargain Prices for men,  Circulars  Milford, NEW YORK CITY FREE TO MINISTERS ONLY Swedenborg's "Arcana Celestia," Vol. I., and one of the following for 30 cents to cover postage: "The True Christian Religion,'' "The Apocalypse Revealed,'' "Divine Love and Wisdom," "Heaven and Hell," "Divine Providence," and "Biography of Swedenborg," by Worcester. The books are cloth bound and run in pages from 277 to 1100. REV. L. G. LANDENBERGER 3741 Windsor Place STATEMENT OFMANAGEMENT, etc.,published monthly at -- St. Louis, Mo. THE OWNERSHIP,  of "THE CRISIS,"  70 Fifth Avenue, New York, required by the act of August 24, 1912. Editor: W. E. Burghardt Du Bois, 70 Fifth Avenue, New York City. Business Manager: Augustus Granville Dill, 70 Fifth Avenue, New York City. Publisher: The National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, 70 Fifth Avenue, New York City. Owners: The National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, a corporation with no stock. Known bondholders, mortgagees and other security holders, holding 1 per cent, or more of total amount of bonds, mortgages or other securities: None. A. G. DHL , Business Manager. Sworn to and subscribed before me this 25th day of March, 1914. ROBERT N. WOOD, Notary Public, (Seal) New York Co. Mention TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Masterpieces of Negro Eloquence Edited by ALICE MOORE DUNBAR. The one volume that contains the best speeches of fifty -one of the ablest Negroes of the United States, England, Africa and France, from 1818 to 1913. The wonderful eloquence of the most powerful Negro men and women of the world is contained in this book. Nothing more interesting and inspiring has ever been written. If you would know of the history of the race, appreciate the sacrifice for principle, understand the struggle for liberty, and prop erly value the oratorical achievement of the Negro, you should place this book in your library. The "Masterpieces of Negro Eloquence" will take you back to 1818, when Prince Saunders in his fascinating style eloquently pleaded for the abolition of slavery. It will give you the speech of Henry Highland Garnett, the first Negro ever asked to deliver a sermon in the United States House of Representatives; the speech of Frederick Douglass, who in 1852 with unexcelled eloquence demanded at Rochester to know, "What to the Slave Is the Fourth of July?"; the speech that made Booker Washington famous; an estimate of Toussaint L'Ouverture, by James McCune Smith, that ranks with Wendell Phillips's famous eulogy; Charles M. Langston's defiance of the Fugitive Slave Law, delivered in 1859; Judge Ruffin's famous eulogy of Crispus Attucks, a speech that should be read by every Negro boy and girl. These are but a few of the gems culled at random from this great book. The best of our present generation is well represented. This is a book that is a library, a reference book and an historical work, an indispensable addition to the library of every intelligent Negro. A book that shows in the best manner the best that the Negro has done. It is carefully edited, well printed and thoroughly indexed, bound i in red and green silk cloth binding, 512 pages, gold top, uncut pages. / Crisis Coupon We want every reader of THE CRISIS to have a copy of this / book. W e have set aside 50,000 copies which we are going to sell ,' CUT OUT AND MAIL NOW. to THE CRISIS readers by allowing them to pay 50 cents down / and 50 cents monthly for four months. The Douglass Pub. Co., 509 No. 4th St., Harrisburg, Pa. Do not delay; sit down immediately, clip this coupon Enclosed find 50c, for and send it to us with 50 cents, and a copy will be sent y which send me a copy of / "The Masterpieces of Negro you by return mail. / Eloquence." I promise to pay f 50c. each month until $2.50 is , paid. Title of the book to / remain with you until the sum / of $2.50 is paid. HARRISBURG, PA. Name The Douglass Publishing Company Address Mention TH E CRISIS 100	 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER SCHOOL OF BEAUTY CULTURE AND HAIR DRESSING Kelsey's Hair Dressing, Hair Grower, Scalp Tonic and Face Lotion have no equal. Price, 50c each. Guaranteed under Food and Drug Act, June 30, 1906. • Manicuring, Shampooing, Hair Dressing, Marcel Wav ing, Facial and Body Massage, Hair Making, Chiropody, etc., scientifically taught. Unlimited practice in parlor day and night. Pupils taught at home, if desired. KELSEY'S Diplomas. Special Summer Course, $7.50 up. Send for Telephone, Morningiide 8162 booklet. Mme. A. Carter Kelsey, Gen'l Instr.; Dr. Samuel 143 West 131st St. A. Kelsey, Chiropodist, President and Gen'l Manager. NEW YORK The new Teachers efficiency era calls for the modern way of selecting teachers, through a live agency that WANTED furnishes the connecting medium in a business way, saves time of school officials, relieves teachers of the embarrassment of job hunting and covers the 500 Negro families (farmers preferred) whole country. to settle on FREE Government Lands in W e have had calls for teachers from Alabama, Arkansas, Delaware, District of Columbia, Florida, Chaves County, New Mexico. Blackdom is Georgia, Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky, Maryland, Mississippi, Missouri, North Carolina, Oklahoma, a Negro colony. Fertile soil, ideal climate. Rhode Island, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia and West Virginia. No "Jim Crow" Laws. For information Our list of teachers covers even a wider territory. write THE	 MUTUAL TEACHERS' AGENCY JAS. HAROLD COLEMAN Blackdom ----- New Mexico 1335 T Street, N. W. Washington, D. C. Only No. 24 Southern Buggy $25.00 PER WEEK Highest Grade $65.00 A Value Unequaled. Sold on $1.oo Profit Margin From may be made in commissions by parties handling Factory to User "History of Negro Soldiers in Spanish-American Write for prices War " combined with "History of the Negro Race." ami other styles. 400 pages, 50 illustrations. Price $1.25 net. Send for catalogue. Address: E. A. JOHNSON C. R. PATTERSON 154 Nassau Street	 New York &amp;. SONS, Greenfield, Ohio Largest Negro Carriage concern in the United States. REGALIA Start a Mail Order Business and Make Money 	A Race Enterprise You can operate in your own home during spare Manufacturing Badges, time. The parcel post has opened up the doors of Banners and Supplies opportunity to YOU. Others are making $20 to $500 a week. Why can't you? By our method for all Fraternal and you can start with $5 and up. W e offer you thirty Church Societies. Catalive, money-making mail order plans. You can logue upon request. make 95 cents profit on every dollar order. We furnish circulars, printed matter and place your CENTRA L REGALI A CO. advertising at lowest rates. Send 10 cents for Jos. L. Jones, Pres. complete outfit. Do it to-day—Now! N.	 E. Cor. 8th and Plum Sts. Cincinnati, Ohio MAIL	 DEALERS WHOLESALE HOUSE 517 Dearborn Street Chicago, Ill. Advertising Sales Agents Wanted at Once If You Plan to Visit Young men and women. Previous experience unnecessary. Liberal pay while you learn. Permanent position. Opportunity for advancement. An inde New York This Summer pendent income. Brilliant opportunity for trust worthy young men and women. Vacancies are limited. Answer immediately. Must have representatives in every city and town in U. S. where not yet represented. Act quickly. Write at ONCE, enclosing in For study, sightseeing or pleasure cents for full instructions and information. Address and desire quiet, respectable accom Employment Department. modations with the best private WATERS BROS., 97 Wickliffe St.. Newark, N. J., U. S. A. families, write the Housing Bureau of the National League on Urban FREE TO EVERY WOMAN Conditions Among Negroes, at 127 who writes, one copy of "Ladies' Cyclopedia of W. 135th Street, New York. Health and Beauty." This book contains informa tion indispensable to every woman; on every subject women are most interested in. Tells how to cultivate health and beauty; what to use and how to use it. ALEXANDER SPECIALTY CO. Our Service Is Absolutely FREE 491 Highland Avenue Passaic, N. J. Mention THE CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 101 MILES M. WEBB School of Practical Photography All branches of photography taught. Terms reasonable. Service efficient. Three courses: Amateur, intermediate, professional. Register now. 3519 So. State Street Chicago, Ill. Telephone Douglass 6688 Price Made $30 First Day $7.50 B. Basha, of Bell Island. New UP foundland, did this with our CHAMPION Minute Photo Machine That beginners make such profit at the start, shows that no ex perience Is needed in this won derful money-making business. Robt. Bock. Willow Hill, Pa., took in $35 in one day. Vernard Baker, Holbrook, Neb..$29.90. Jas. F. Wende, Ashton, Idaho, $26. C.V. Lovett. Ft. Meade. Fla., made $50 in one day. These testimonials are just a few of many hundreds we have on file. Pictures in Post Cards and on Buttons all the rage at. Fairs. Carnivals, Picnics, Resorts, Schools, Depots, Factories, on Streets—anywhere—everywhere. Our Champion Camera takes pictures size 2 1/2 x 31/2, 13/4x 21/2 and buttons. Finishes complete photo in 30 seconds: 200 an hour. No dark room. Easiest. Quickest, biggest money-maker known. Small investment. About 85c profit on each dollar yon take in Be yourown boss. Write at once for Free Book. Testimonials and Liberal Offer. AMERICAN MINUTE PHOTO CO. 2214 Ogden Ave., Dept. A202, Chicago, 111. This Beautiful Staytyde Willow plumes 20 Inches Wide 19 inches long only 4.45 The wonderful Stay-Tyde patent process, owned by us. prevents the delicate flues from breaking-Yet they cost you less than you pay elsewhere for ordinary willows. Stay-Tyde Willow Flumes 23in. wide 22 in. long 5.90 26in. wide 25 in. long 7.90 25in. wide24 in. long 6.90 29in. wide 27 in. long 9.90 30 in. wide 27jn. long $11.90 French Carl Plumes W e have established a world17 in., Special, $1.95 wide reputation on our No.401 magnificent 19-inch French Curl Plume, made of rich, glossy bent male 18 " " 2.48 19 " Ex. wide, 5.00 stock, with wide, broad fibres and 20 " '* 7.50 heavy French head. $5.00 22 " " lO.OO Black, white and colors Send 25c to cover express charges and w e will ship any of above C.O.D. for free examination. Or, send full purchase price and we will send all charges prepaid. Money promptly refunded if for any reason yon are not satisfied. Send for free catalog of French or Willow Plumes, Ostrich Bands and Aigrettes, and get a complete $25Course in Millinery, Dyeing, Cleaning, Curling, etc SOUTH AFRICAN IMPORTING CO. 1841 Wabash Ave. Dept. 150 CHICAGO Colored agents wanted everywhere to supply the big demand for our high grade Calling cards. latest styles and sizes for ladies or gentlemen, with or without address, 100 for 50 cents or 50 for 25 cents. Outfit free. large commission. Exclusive territory. All orders filled promptly. Write for samples and terms. The House of Chpwning, Indianiapolis, Ind. AUTOMATIC Pistols. Bayards, best in the world, $14.00 and up. Revolbers, $1.75 and up. Ask your dealer or send for particulars. Fred Biffar &amp; Co., 180 N. Dearborn St., Chicago, Dept. 102 WANTED Agents for The Crisis. Dignified AGENTS WANTED—Big seller. $3 to $5 per day. Costs you from 10 to 20 cents; sells for work. Address: 70 Fifth Avenue, 35 cents and up. Sample free for the asking. New York. G. A. ALBURY &amp; CO., P. O. Box 414, Bristol, Pa. Mention The CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER LEGAL DIRECTORY 	PERSONAL CARDS Residence 2546 Michigan Office Phone Bell Phone E-2161 Home 58 Main C. H. CALLOWAY Attorney and Counselor-at-Law Notary Public 117 W. 6th Street Kansas City, Mo Central 104-W Telephones: Main 61 HARRY E DAVIS Attorney-at-Law Notary Public 1607 Williamson Building' - Cleveland, Office L. D. Telephone 3297 Market Residence L. D. Telephone 5277-M Market GEORGE A. DOUGLAS Counselor-at-Law Booms 613-614, Metropolitan Building 113 Market St., Cor. Washington, Newark, N. J. General Practice Notary Public WILLIAM R. MORRIS Attorney and Counselor-at-Law 1020 Metropolitan Life Building Minneapolis Minn. BROWN S. SMITH Attorney and Counselor-at-Law Offices: Suite 610, Sykes Block Minneapolis Minn. GEORGE W. MITCHELL Attorney-at-Law 908 Walnut Street Philadelphia Pa. Tel. 5437 Port Hill Cable Address, Epben EDGAR P. BENJAMIN Attorney and Counselor-at-Law S4 School Street Boston, Mass. Telephone Connection W. Ashbie Hawkins George W. P. McMechen HAWKINS &amp; McMECHEN Attorneys-at-Law 21 East Saratoga Street --- Baltimore, Md. Phones: Office, Bell 4059; New 420-M Residence, New 733-A THOS. E. GREENE, JR. Attorney and Counselor-at-Law Notary Public Maloney Block . . . . Youngstown, Ohio William H. Austin Edmund O. Austin Law Offices of AUSTIN &amp; AUSTIN St. Paul Building, 220 Broadway, New York Suite 7—H, I, J, K Telephones: 7400, 5365, 5366 Cortlandt B. F. BOOTH Attorney-at-Law 57 N. Second Street Memphis Tenn. THOMAS W. HOLMES Attorney-at-Law 43 1/2 Decatur Street Atlanta, Georgia Telephone 5277	 Morningside •	 DR. GERTRUDE E. CURTIS Surgeon Dentist 188 W. l35th Street ---- New York City H. HENRY HARRIS Architect Corner 8th and Princess Streets Wilmington N. C. WILLIAM L. BELL Architect 138 1/2 Auburn Avenue -- Atlanta, Ga. J. E. ORMES ACCOUNTANT Audits Systems Business information by mail. Open for engagements July and August Box 25, Wilberforce University Wilberforce, O. WANTED—Position as teacher by young man of college training and teaching experience. Position in 'high school or college preferred. Address: EDUCATION 9, % The Crisis ME. ALFRED Ellis Du BOIS, commercial agent at Jeremie, Haiti, offers his services for all kinds of business and exportation and importation between Haiti and the United States. Telephone 4214 Greeley BRANICS EXPRESS ANDRE W J. BRANIC, Proprietor Packing and Shipping—Goods Forwarded to All Parts of the World Orders by mail or 'phone receive prompt attention. Trunks stored, 25c. per month. 459 Seventh Avenue New York WANTED Hustler in each community to take orders for Pierce's High Grade Toilet Soaps Once tried, always used. C. E. PIERCE, Springfield, O., R. 9 What Arc Colored Men Doing in Business? Read the COMMERCIAL COLLEGE OUTLOOK—a Monthly Magazine Published by Commercial College students of Howard University, Washington, D. C. Fifty Cents for School Year Michael Jones, Editor-in-Chief Mention THE Crisis A Selected List of Books PRICE INCLUDES POSTAGE THE QUEST OF THE SILVER FLEECE. W. E. B. DU Bois $1.50 HOUSE BEHIND THE CEDARS. Charles W. Chesnutt 1.65 HAZEL. Mary White Ovington 1.08 AUTOBIOGRAPHY OF AN EX-COLORED MAN. Anonymous 1.40 THE TESTING FIRE. Alexander Corkey 1.35 LYRICS OF LOWLY LIFE. Paul Laurence Dunbar 1.40 MARROW OF TRADITION. Charles W . Chesnutt 1.65 THE SPORT OF THE GODS. Paul Laurence Dunbar 1.65 NORRIS WRIGHT CUNEY. Maud Cuney Hare 1.50 A NARRATIVE OF THE NEGRO. Lelia Amos Pendleton 1.65 SOULS OF BLACK FOLK. W. E. B. DU Bois 1.35 RACE ADJUSTMENT. Kelly Miller 2.15 HISTORY OF THE NEGRO. B. G. Brawley 1.35 HALF A MAN. Mary White Ovington 1.12 MIND OF PRIMITIVE MAN. Franz Boas 1.65 AFTERMATH OF SLAVERY. William Sinclair 1.65 JOHN BROWN. W . E. B. DU Bois 1.45 FACTS OF RECONSTRUCTION. John R. Lynch 1.65 STORY OF THE NEGRO. Booker T. Washington 3.25 MASTERPIECES OF NEGRO ELOQUENCE. Edited by Alice Moore Dunbar 2.70 FLOWER o' THE PEACH. Percival Gibbon 1.45 THE COLORED INVENTOR. Henry E. Baker 15 A CHILD'S STORY OF DUNBAR. Julia L. Henderson 25 Address T H E CRISIS 70 Fifth Avenue New York City CAPE MAY, N. J. This magnificent hotel, located in the heart of the most beautiful seashore resort in the world; replete with every modern improvement, superlative in construction, appointments, service, and refined patronage. Orchestra daily. Garage, bath houses, tenuis, etc., on premises. Special attention given to ladies and children. Send for booklet. E. W. DALE, Owner. The Art of Printing AS EXEMPLIFIED IN OUR WORK EMBODIES THE FOL LOWING POINTS OF MERIT: (a) Neat 1. Stationery (b) Attractive (c) Quality (a) Polite 2. Form (b) Business (c) Social (a) Artistic 3. Workmanship (b) Correct (c) Prompt We Print THE CRISIS ROBERT N. WOOD, Printing and Engraving 202 EAST 99th STREET Telephone: Lenox 6667 NEW YORK Mention TH E CRISIS