The Freewoman , made THE Freewoman A WEEKLY HUMANIST REVIEW No. 34. Vol. II. THURSDAY, JULY 11, 1912 Threepence ["Registered at g.P.o. as a Newspaper CONTENTS Editor: DORA MARSDEN, B.A. Page Ideas, or No Ideas? 141 Topics of the Week: The Beginning 144 Robert and Clara Schumann. Collaboration between a great Composer and his Wife. By Clement Antrobus Harris 145 Spinsters and Art. By Rebecca West 147 History of Divorce. By E. S. P. H. 149 The Economic Freedom of Women. By Ada Neild Chew 149 Page To Auguste Strindberg. By Amy Skovgaard-Pedersen 152 "The Freewoman" Discussion Circle. By B. Low 153 Maid's Murder. By O. S. Parker 153 Correspondence : Mr. MeKenna and Forcible Feeding 154 "The Idea of God" 155 The Yoshiwara Controversy 155 Page Self-abuse and Insanity 156 Questions on Sex Oppression 156 A Woman's Point of View 156 Marriage Reform 156 The Children of the State 157 Champions of Morality 157 The Strand Statues 158 Foods, Indigestion, and Philosophy 158 A Nom de Plume 158 The Penal Reform League 158 International Suffrage Congress 159 IDEAS, OR NO IDEAS? MISS M. P. WILLCOCKS writes: "It is not without ironic significance that the first article in the freewoman of July 4th on "Justice" should be followed by one on "Suffragism," which may act as a startling object-lesson on the fallibility of human justice as expounded in a paper supposed to be on the side of freedom. For the gist of the second article is that Suffragists are contemptible, because, as a body, they have neither refused to live on Rent, Profit, or Interest, nor repudiated the institution of marriage. Women are, therefore, not to be enfranchised unless they first declare themselves to be Socialists and Free-lovers, that is, unless they subscribe to the particular creed of the Editor of The Freewoman. And this is justice in its newest aspect! I submit that it differs in no respect from the ideas of freedom and justice expressed by those Conservatives who would give the vote to women could it be proved that all women were of that particular party. It is further stated in this article that there is no programme of Suffragism. Officially there is not. And naturally so, since Suffragists are reformers of all schools of thought whose common meeting-ground is that they believe in the political equality of men and women, to the attainment of which the first step is the vote. Personally, I myself, like most other Suffragists, could supply the freewoman with my own programme of demands which I intend my vote to help. And that is all which should be asked of a Suffragist. I myself, again, should also agree with the Editor's condemnation of living by Profit, Rent, or Interest, or by marriage, which latter, when childless and idle, is, in my opinion, nothing but prostitution under State patronage; but I should no more think of impressing my particular creed on my fellow-women as a sine quâ non to their being enfranchised than I should of subscribing to the tenets of the Inquisition. As to there being no impulse towards Suffragism among the better-paid women Trade Unionists, it is well known to all who are working for the cause that there are no keener Suffragists than the women textile workers of the North—who are mostly Trade Unionists. Nor is it any slur on Suffragism to say that it is upheld largely by professional and "independent" women, for the first have education, knowledge of the workaday world, and a certain certificate of efficiency given by their professional standing, while the second, by the very fact of their belonging to the movement, have proved that they can o'erleap the selfishness of their position, and do not remain untouched by the comradeship of women for women. As to prostitutes, I do not know how many or how few there are in our ranks. Neither does the Editor. But while I should consider it an impertinence to inquire, I should naturally not expect to find many, for the simple reason that their life, being anti-social by its very nature, they would be unlikely to join in a campaign of social reform. The aim of Suffragists is to cut off the supply of prostitutes by making other trades as profitable as that of prostitution, and by raising the status of women in the eyes of the public by removing the stigma of political sex inferiority branded on women by their votelessness. We are out against cheap women in any shape or form. That is a programme sufficiently wide and human to supply a complete transformation of current social values, whence, of course, the wall of opposition we are meeting. With regard to Mr. Upton Sinclair, he has apparently not made himself acquainted with either the present position of English Suffragism or its history. The Common Cause, the organ of the oldest and largest suffrage society, is far more given to discussion of suffrage methods than the organ of the W.S.P.U. Moreover, the National Union has started a fighting policy which puts it in touch with Labour. "July 7th, 1912." We said: "The women's suffrage movement in England will doubtless be written of as the 'Idealess' movement. There are ideas in England, but there is no Idea behind English Suffragism. The Suffragists would like the vote, and they would like it now. Why? No reason, except that men have it. Suffragists have no reason except the one given above. They make up a few to suit their particular audiences as they go along. In their official capacity Suffragists are devoid of all social, political, or religious philosophy.. .. There is no feminism in Suffragism, nor is there any penetrating humanism. This explains why they have put forward no programme of demands. They have nothing to put forward specifically as their own. They think women are badly paid, and they think that prostitution is wrong. But they think these things from the outside and not from the inside." There was a sort of flirting interest taken in the subject of prostitution, but that this was unconsciously insincere, because officially it refused to consider either the psychology or the economics of the prostitution problem." All things considered, therefore, Suffragists are safer without a programme." This was the gist of our remarks, and we take it that Miss Willcocks does not question it. Rather, she prefers to meet the whole argument by a counter-argument, that not only is this so, but that it should be so, "since Suffragists are reformers of all schools of thought, whose common meeting-ground is that they believe in the political equality of men and women." There is an assumption in this kind of argument to which all suffrage societies hold, but which is plainly becoming untenable. It is the assumption that Suffragism can best be effected by concentration on Suffragism neat, as it were; that it is desirable to attack the problem by hitting it on the bulge. This is a theory of campaigning which, while being possible with small readjustments, is impossible with radical changes, tantamount, in the eyes of many, to a social revolution. Such radical changes can only find adequate defence as part of a tendency. The change in itself is merely an incident, and can be recognised as such, but when its adoption leads to the obliteration of features hitherto established, and to the creation of new and unconsidered features, then those who are timid about making the change have a right to ask what the idea is which is behind the change. The idea is the conception of the fact made fluid. It is delineation of its tendency. The idea makes plain where it is going. Conscious realisation of the tendency of a readjustment is what is meant by the possession of a philosophy regarding it. Suffrage organisation, inasmuch as it wished to be vital, should have solidified according to belief, that is, according to tendency, to idea. But the suffrage "leaders" have been afraid to do this, because they feared to lose the conventional sympathies of those who naturally—honestly, we might even say—should have remained outside the movement altogether. We now begin to see the effects of this timidity. The organisations are permeated with the fear of expression of ideas in their ranks. Mental bullying is carried on inside their ranks to a remarkable extent. The "Idealess" hold the whip-hand over those who have ideas. The process goes quite long lengths in untruthfulness and purposeful misstatement. We give a case in point. During the last three weeks, in; the columns of the Times, a controversy initiated by Mrs. Humphry Ward has been carried on between herself and certain Suffragists. Mrs. Ward was very naturally, psychologically speaking, pointing out to Suffragists that the granting of the suffrage was bound up with a tendency which was leading to disintegrating changes which were untried and fraught with moral danger. Instancing the moral depths to which they might in time come, she gave ideas purporting to have been found in The free-woman. "Free" love, of course, was there, and Irreligion. The suffrage society which replied officially, through the person of a Miss Maude Royden, was the largest English society, i.e., the National Union of Woman Suffrage Societies. This letter contained the following:— If Mrs. H. Ward wishes to judge the suffrage movement fairly, she should surely read the literature and newspapers of the suffrage societies, and not an obscure little periodical which is neither published, owned, nor read by their members. She has, indeed, very much less right to hold us responsible for this nauseous publication than we have to judge her by Sir Almroth Wright's letter to you. But we accept her repudiation of his views, though they were circulated by her society, and we have a right to ask that she should accept ours. "The literature of the N.U.W.S.S. is, I believe, the fullest and most representative of any published by the larger suffrage associations. Let those who oppose us read it and oppose us for what we hold, not for what others hold, for whom we have no responsibility, and with whom no common ground. It is not good fighting, and it is not really effective, to set up a man of straw and knock it down; nor will Mrs. Humphry Ward find it easy to persuade the public that the Bishop of Oxford is really 'ranged' with 'the ape and the tiger of the flesh.' " A. Maude Royden, "Chairman of Literature Committee of N.U.W.S.S. "N.U.W.S.S., Parliament Chambers, 14, Great Smith Street, Westminster, June 21st." Now this representative of the National Union either knew of what she wrote or she did not. If she did not know (and it is difficult to understand how she could fail to know, or presume to write in the name of a bona-fide organisation did she not), she made the kind of deliberate misstatement which is commonly called lying. It is to be noted that no repudiation of her remarks has been forthcoming either from the National Union, from any other suffrage society, or from individual suffragists. Yet the facts are that the freewoman is read by some suffragists in every large suffrage society in England, in almost every country in Europe, all the colonies, and in India; while in America what is, we believe, the largest American suffrage society, at the request of its literature secretary, and endorsed by other committee members, is publishing certain of the articles which have appeared as leading articles in the freewoman, in pamphlet form. This has been done spontaneously, at the Suffragists' cost, with profits accruing to the freewoman. Concerning the members of the National Union in particular, the paper is subscribed to by "rank and file" members; by officials in London and throughout the provinces; officers and speakers of the Union have contributed articles to The freewoman's pages, one such being in the paper at the time of the controversy, and another, which was already accepted at that time, appearing in this issue. Some assistance to the circulation has been given by asking for requests for copies of the paper to be sent for sale or distribution at local meetings. Miss Willcocks herself is, we believe, a member of the same society, and is a reader and contributor to the paper. Upon attention being drawn by Mrs. Humphry Ward to the fact that two certainly not unfavourable notices of The FRiEEWOMAN had appeared in the editorial notices of the Common Cause, the organ of the National Society, the young person replied as follows :— "In reply to Mrs. Humphry Ward's letter, I wish to point out that the first notice quoted by her from the Common Cause appeared when the paper referred to had only just been published, and already conveyed a criticism; the second (and last) was written only four weeks later, before the appearance of an article, which, to my mind, clearly showed the line that the new paper would take. Since then there has been no notice; and I confess that, had I been the editor of the Common Cause, I should have felt that silence was a better course than the gratuitous advertisement of denunciation. In this I feel sure Mrs. Ward will agree with me... .—Yours obediently, "H. Maude Royden, "N.U.W.S.S., Parliament Chambers, 14, Great Smith Street, Westminster, S.W." This is very subtle. It really means nothing, but the impression which it is calculated to convey is that after the appearance of a certain article, unnamed, the editorial attitude of the Common Cause changed so completely that even an adverse criticism might be reckoned a thing too good. From personal inference, we feel justified in saying that this implied meaning is as regardless of truth as were the earlier statements which it was intended to explain away. Such things as these are not calculated to make us optimistic concerning the potentialities which inhere in organisations for "suffrage-neat." We all know of the hide-boundness of the Social and Political Union, and it probably strikes English people as strange that observant visitors like Mr. Upton Sinclair should have looked upon that society as the likeliest to adopt a forward and thought-inspired policy; but when we learn that even out of a democratically governed body like the Freedom League, seven of its foremost officials and workers have felt themselves compelled to retire, on the specific account of autocratic and arbitrary management; when we find that in the National Union, an official is permitted to use the entire prestige of the Union, to misrepresent the attitude of some of its most valued workers, and in order to injure, if possible, the sole medium for the interchange of ideas, be they right or wrong, which exists in the woman's movement, we become very reflective concerning the power of any organisation to remain healthy which restricts its inquiries to suffrage mainly. Suffrage propaganda, reaping its harvest of question for adequate reasons, necessitates advance forwards, backwards, or round in a circle. It is impossible to remain stationary. The W.S.P.U. have solved the problem cheaply by creating a fictitious movement. Militancy takes the place of thought-movement. Their problem, then, is solved for the time being. Militancy is the astutest possible move to keep thought quiet. But with the Freedom League and the National Union they have to find momentum in the thought, the philosophy, the tendency, which suffrage represents. Yet these Suffragists burk the preliminary collecting and weighing of evidence, the questioning as to where the movement is going. Mrs. Humphry Ward or any Anti-Suffragist is speaking very pertinently when she points out there are vast possibilities as to what may follow in the wake of suffrage, and Suffragists, instead of accepting such criticism as a challenge, retort weakly with platitude and irrelevant and untruthful abuse. Yet, notwithstandingj the tendency forces them into movement—a movement dangerous in proportion to its uninformed-ness. The White Slave Traffic Bill is an instance to hand, a tinkering business, with advantages almost infinitesimal, and with very distinct and threatening disadvantages. We realise that the situation is big with danger when persons consider "nauseous" the open discussion of facts upon which they are prepared to rush into legislation which interferes with the liberty of their fellow-men and women upon suspicion. The activities of our times make it clear that women are not remaining motionless because they have not as yet thought out any social or political philosophy. Nor do events stand still Both move, and thought must move with them, if change is to be a blessing and not a curse. Miss Willcocks says we hold Suffragists contemptible because they have not refused to live on rent-profit or interest, and have not repudiated marriage. This is not so. It is Miss Willcocks' own interpretation. We should say merely that such persons are acquiescing, perhaps unconsciously, in social injustice. It is when such persons strike the pose of ladies bountiful, that a little reflection becomes urgent. When cant sets in, it is time to speak out. To read the hectic oratory concerning prostitutes in a gathering called to consider the " Religious Aspects of the Woman's Movement" opens up a penetrating line of estimation as to the best method of dealing with all such phenomena. A douche of cold criticism will do no harm. Incipient hypocrisy can be browbeaten, and we will hope in? this case we may have caught it young. For since-tendency is acting, as it must, and since the Suffragists are beginning to experiment with the prostitute problem, they will do well to rid themselves of cant in the first instance, and, in a second, to reflect that this cancerous growth of prostitution has infected every civilisation since the beginning of human history, and that, therefore, some little knowledge of human character as it is, and not as they choose to imagine it, will be useful to them. Suffragists being in the nature of things driven into action, are tampering with the solution of problems, but when pertinent criticism is made regarding their method of approaching these, they say, "But we have no programme. We are getting the Vote." In our view, the whole assumption that suffragism can be approached without philosophy is false, and events are confirming our view, but we hold there is less danger in such an attitude, than in that which, while declaring there exists no programme officially, unofficially supports, with the whole weight of its organisation, schemes of legislation on intricate human problems, which have received nothing more than sentimental attention. Unless Suffragists mean to get understanding of these problems, it is altogether healthier, indeed, more honest, for them to stick to their straightforward, if mistaken, attitude of "No programme." Hence we finish our remarks with the phrase which closed our previous article on suffragism. "All things considered, Suffragists are safer without a programme. To want a vote, and want it now, is a small affair, but it has the merit of sincerity." TOPICS OF THE WEEK. The Beginning. THIS week sees a new issue of the Syndicalist. One thing is sure: Syndicalism and Syndicalists are here to stay. They bear the stamp of the spirit, and, whatever may be grafted upon the theory (and much will), they possess the ungraftable, the impress of the spirit. The revolution has now started, therefore. We are entered upon the struggle which will see the end of Capitalists, as surely as the hungry hordes outside Versailles represented the beginning of a struggle which saw the end of the French Nobility. It is a question of definitiveness. Vague revolt has become focussed, directed. It is setting straightly towards Repudiation. At one time or another it would have to come. The uncanny thing we have to face is that Repudiation is coming now, in our time, in this cycle we have already entered upon. Syndicalism may explain itself as this or that, it may become something very different, but it has arrived, because it is set to the actual process of repudiation of the claims of Capital. How much more difficult the task may be than the Syndicalists imagine, how like a cancerous growth which springs out in new form after the lopping of limbs Capitalism is, how the whole capitalist body, bankers, banking, and currency, will have to be destroyed, born again, and born different, does not for the moment matter. To begin's the thing. "Begin. Courage has boldness and genius in it. Once started, the mind grows heated. Only begin, and the thing will be completed." That is Goethe's authority on the genius of beginnings. This number of the Syndicalist is full of signs of authority. There is, for instance, no endeavour to establish its position. It takes it for granted. Its tone of friendliness is unmistakable. "We are not out to quarrel with any," says Mr. Tom Mann. There is a well-deserved eulogy of Mr. George Lansbury, and there is, strangely enough, an article by our friend, Mr. Guy Aldred. It is an organisation with genius in it, which can bring alien elements into its own arena to fight out their position there. And perhaps we have had criticism enough. It has perhaps been over-severe, considering the objects of it were overtaken by a rush of events they had not foreseen. And it is true that scarcely anyone in England had foreseen the rapid rise in the temper of the English workers. A national strike was considered impossible. When the Coal Strike actually took place, with its absolute completeness, it struck us in the light of a miracle of spirit, and we hailed it as such. Near the same time, if we remember rightly, the editor of the New Age declared a national strike impossible, and corrected his position in a note the following week, pointing out not merely the possibility, but the probability. When we remember that a thinker like Mr. Hilaire Belloc was, until the close of 1910, a Liberal member of Parliament, we realise how rapidly thought has moved in England, and not articulate thought merely. The inarticulate thought expressed in the action of the workers has been swiftest of all. That, therefore, their "leaders" should have fallen short is small matter for surprise. They missed a tremendous opportunity which will never revert to them. So, too, for that matter, did Mr. Asquith and the Liberal party. The call came unawares, and few were found ready. Therefore, now the working world is beginning to find that out of the dazzlingly rapid events of the last six months it has wakened up in a world of revolution, it can afford to drop the recriminations which were so bitter against the "leaders" who failed the "led." It can afford to, because it cannot happen again. "Thoughts have gone forth." Every sentence in the paper of six pages is interesting. It is so vitalised that even the advertisements assume individuality. One advertisement is that of an "air-rifle for Syndicalists, old and young!" But Madame Sorgue, who has an article in this issue, says that it is to be noted that Syndicalism is anti-militaristic even in economic warfare. This, however, is balanced by the statement elsewhere that, should conscription be carried out in England, it can be turned to uses its promoters did not intend! Acting on Mr. Shaw's principle, "You never can tell," apparently! Madame Sorgue emphasises the great possibility of a European war being engineered by Capitalists as a diversion of energy from the proletarian struggle, and states that the Syndicalist retort is the national, and international, strike. The transport workers alone could deal with such an eventuality. The probabilities of such a diversion need to be kept well in the minds of the workers of Europe. "Ce qu'il faut, c'est une bonne saignée pour calmer la fièvre révolutionnaire du prolétariat," is what French financiers are saying, according to Madame Sorgue. The report of Crowsley's speech in his own defence is given in full. It is singularly direct and simple. Such words from such a man will do much to grease the wheels of this engine of revolt. Crowsley still remains in prison, probably because he is a fireman in the employ of the London and North-Western Railway. The pamphlets which he is in prison for distributing he secured at his own cost, we learn. The most inspiriting aspect of the journal, however, are the preparations for the great campaign. Mr. Tom Mann thinks that two years of propaganda work, carried on at fever heat, should accomplish the work of permeation. He asks for an army of workers—colporteurs and the like. He also asks for a thousand speakers, and starts a maintenance fund. A correspondent suggests an Order of Propagandists, non-party, non-political, like the orders "which controlled the old Catholic Church." Does this latter mean the different Orders of Friars? Our own suggestion, already made in these pages, is that the Propagandists, like the earlier Christians and the Mendicant Friars, the heralds of the New Order, should set out in the strength of their gospel. "Provide neither gold, nor silver, nor brass in your purses, nor scrip for your journey, neither two coats, neither shoes, nor yet staves. For the workman is worthy of his meat." That is how the greatest gospeller sent out disciples with a gospel that was urgent. Only let them know their gospel. We note in this regard that an early Syndicalist conference in London is announced. The conveners might invite suggestions to be submitted previous to the conference. In any case, it would be well to emphasise the fact that Syndicalism is a method and not an end, and that it is not of a nature to contain in itself anything hostile to a solution when its own work, the destruction of Capitalism, is accomplished. It contains in it nothing which will necessarily perpetuate, under the form of an "Industrial Commonwealth," the hideous impossible factory system as we know it. Even should the factories become the property of the workers, the system is doomed. But that does not alter Syndicalism. A fund is being opened to make the Syndicalist a weekly. Robert and Clara Schumann. COLLABORATION BETWEEN A GREAT COMPOSER AND HIS WIFE. THE disposition—not confined to men themselves—to attribute to the masculine half of mankind achievements which in justice should be credited to the race as a whole, received a characteristic illustration during the recent Schumann centenary celebrations. The composer was born June 8th, 1810. For the musical world harped on one string when it should have harped on two; it acclaimed Robert Schumann when it should have acclaimed Robert and Clara Schumann; it sang paeans in honour of Schumann's originality, and all but ignored a characteristic in which he was not only original, but among composers unique—his artistic intercommunion with his wife—the one example music affords of collaboration as Prophet and Interpreter between a great master and his spouse. Schumann's mission was twofold: firstly, in chronological order came his work as a critic and reformer. His deepest hate—if he can be said to have hated—was for the trivial and commonplace. His artistic soul revolted at the vapid and frivolous taste which set in after the death of Beethoven. And the trial was harder to bear since he was not, as at this period of life he imagined, himself strong enough to oppose it with compositions of his own. He felt an equal repugnance at the weakness and insipidity of contemporary musical criticism— "honey-daubing" he called it. And this, he did feel, might be counterbalanced by such an one as himself. Consequently, he took the lion's share in founding the Neue Zietschrift für Musik, and edited it for ten years. "The day of reciprocal compliments," says the preliminary notice, "is gradually dying out, and we must confess we shall do nothing to revive it .... the three arch-foes of art—those who have no talent, those who have vulgar talent, and those who, having real talent, write too much—are not to be left in peace." By his rare musical intuition; by a literary gift second only to his musicianship; but his idealism, his entire freedom from jealousy, and a remarkable capacity for combining kindliness of feeling with scrupulous artistic integrity, it hardly wrongs previous writers to say that he made the term "musical criticism" mean a new thing. Yet his criticisms, a living force though they are to-day, were not his greatest work. They formed the first but not the larger part of his mission in life. Ask the man in the street who Robert Schumann was, and he will say, not "a musical critic—a theorist," but "one of the great composers." Ask the musical enthusiast, and he will say, "One of the founders of the Romantic School." And he will ask you to come and hear the Pianoforte Quintet which alone made him famous throughout Europe; or one of his Symphonies—the most important since Beethoven; or his "Paradise and the Peri," an example of Romanticism in a "secular oratorio"; or he will play one of the fugues in which Schumann has so remarkably combined the Old World and the New in music—classical form with the modern spirit; or he will sing you one of his songs, more profoundly and intellectually suggestive, if less melodious, than those of Schubert and Mendelssohn. Was it merely a coincidence, an accident, that every one of these greater works, everything of note but the pianoforte pieces, was written after Schumann's marriage? that of his smaller works, no less than 138 songs were written in the honeymoon year? Would their intrinsic merits have won them their present position without the interpretive insight, the executive ability, the energy and business capacity of their composer's Second Self—his wife? It may be so, but, if it is, almost every circumstance bearing on the case is misleading. Clara Josephine Wieck, one of the greatest pianoforte players that the world has ever heard, doubtless owed her position not only to extraordinary natural talent, but to being the daughter of a pianoforte teacher of some reputation, who introduced her to the keyboard at the age of four! She made her debut as a public player at the age of nine, when, in playing the concertos of Mozart and Hummel, with orchestra, by heart, she already showed that sympathy with instrumental colleagues which afterwards so distinguished her. When thirteen years of age she played those Variations of Chopin's on "La ci darem," by his spirited reviews of which, a few months earlier, Schumann had been one of the first to recognise the genius of Chopin as a composer, and had revealed his own as a critic. In October of the same year, 1832, she made her début at the famous Gewandhaus Concerts in Leipsig, where she played, among others, with Mendelssohn. Four years later she visited Vienna, and received the appointment of " Kk. Kammer-virtuosin "— "Chamber" or "Court" pianist, the first of the several distinctions which subsequently fell to her lot. These artistic gifts were combined with a personality characterised by " a noble and earnest simplicity," " unrivalled devotion and self-denial," and a face in which womanly tenderness strives for the mastery with masculine intellectuality (assuming intellectuality to be masculine!). It is easier, therefore, to forgive Schumann for falling in love with his preceptor's daughter than for being so long about it! He had known her from her ninth LAST WEEK OF SALE. FINAL REDUCTIONS Commencing on Monday Next. . New Basque Blouse, fastening in front, made in Crepe de Chine, lined silk, with whiteJabot Original Price - - 21/9 Sale Price 12/9 Debenham and Freebody Wigmore Street and Welbeck Street, London, W year, when she made her first public appearance. For four years he was her father's pupil. Referring to her playing in 1832, he said, "Zwickau was fired with enthusiasm for the first time in its life"; and, referring to the girl herself, a year later he wrote, "Think of perfection and I will agree to it." Yet it appears not to have been till the spring of 1836 that he confessed his love to the object of it, and learnt that it was reciprocated! It is easy, in the light of subsequent events, to blame Friedrich Wieck, the father, for peremptorily forbidding the match, which he did even after Schumann had been made a Doctor of Philosophy by the University of Jena, and, in addition to small private means, was beginning to derive an income from his compositions. But, difficult as it is to realise now, the name of Clara Wieck was at this time a more eminent one than that of Robert Schumann, despite his being nine years her senior; leastways her father— well qualified to judge—thought so, and that her prospects were the more brilliant of the two. He may also—who knows?—in his long and intimate intercourse with Schumann, have detected signs of that fell disease which was so early to prove his undoing. Time seemed rather to increase than lessen his determination, which was only equalled by that of the lovers. They appealed to the law, and, after a year's wrangling, the Court decided that the father's objections were trivial, and dispensed with the legal necessity for his consent. The marriage accordingly took place—one historian says " in secret "—on September 12th, 1840. If Schumann was not the pioneer of a new school —that of Romanticism—he was its "chiefest apostle." Yet he lacked two qualities invaluable to a practical reformer, one physical, the other temperamental. In his haste to overcome the technical difficulties of pianoforte playing he had permanently injured his right hand. He could not, therefore, as his contemporary Chopin did, and most of the great composers have done, interpret his own pianoforte works to the public. And for once, when a composer can get a hearing through an orchestral work, there are countless times when he can get it through the medium of the keyboard. And Schumann needed the kindly offices of an interpreter more than some other composers would have done even under the same circumstances. The change from Classicism to Romanticism was not in itself unpopular, and unconventionality was a feature of it. But Schumann was more than unconventional; admittedly he did not always succeed in expressing his meaning, and when he did his message was of a more abstruse character and difficult to follow than that of other romanticists—Chopin, for instance. He wrote nothing, if we except one or two trifles, such as the "Happy Peasant," which can be compared for popularity to the "Lieder Ohne Worte" of Mendelssohn—himself, to some extent, a romanticist. He appeared, too, at a bad period for a writer with a deep reverence for his art—a period when public taste had been vitiated by brilliant inanities of the Henri Herz type; and he had to contend against the dazzling superficialities of Sigismund Thalberg. To such a composer at such a period the devoted services of an interpreter whose superb powers of execution were equalled only by her enthusiasm, her keenness of insight into a composer's meaning, and her "entire absence of personal display" were nothing less than a godsend. And such a disciple Madame Schumann was. Happily, in view of such an obligation, artistic indebtedness between husband and wife was as mutual as was personal affection, for it was from Schumann himself that Clara Wieck had mainly derived that interpretive insight which so distinguished her, and which eventually proved of such service to the giver. Her technique she owed to her father, but her appreciation of the great composers was due to his apprentice. Though her compositions were overshadowed by her eminence as a player, Madame Schumann was not unknown as a creative musician—her Opus number runs to thirty-six; and in this sphere mutuality of helpfulness between husband and wife is evident, if not conspicuous, for while the later compositions of Madame Schumann, especially her songs, bear the impress of the strong personality under whose influence she lived, Schumann, on his part, more than once made use of his wife's themes in his own works. His Impromptus, Op. 5 (on her Variations, Op. 3), and the Andantino of his Sonata in F minor are examples. Schumann's second disability for the rôle of a reformer was his shyness and reserve. Fluent with his pen and talkative when by his own fireside, he was yet so silent in company as to suggest, quite falsely, obliviousness or apathy to all that was going on. Hence he failed utterly as a conductor. He could not understand the detailed instructions necessary to enable a chorus of ordinary mortals to master their work. At one time he forgot to give the initial beat; at another, from sheer absent-mindedness, went on beating after the performance had ended—and not, as was the case with Beethoven, through deafness! To what extent his wife helped him in this regard, especially as the years advanced and his infirmity increased, will probably never be known, but one instance may be given. His attachment to the domestic hearth threatened to interfere seriously with those concert tours on which his professional success depended. "How unwilling I am to move out of my quiet round," he wrote to a friend, "you must not expect me to tell you. I cannot think of it without the greatest annoyance." Nobody but his wife could induce him to undertake these journeys —and she only by threatening that if he didn't she would go without him! Yet when once he had started—on the Russian tour, for instance—he admitted enjoying himself, and the tour was an immense success! Some blessed consoler of the millions of us who form the "infinitely middling " element of humanity has said, "Be good, and let who may be great." Neither Robert nor Clara Schumann had need of such counsel, for the two of them were both good and great. Passionately attached to his wife and his home, and never so happy as when playing with his children—for whom he wrote the famous "Album for the Young"—Schumann, of all the great composers, was, in the highest sense, the most ardent worshipper of womankind. And his wife's devotion to him only shone the brighter for the severest trial—short of love's defection—which human love can have to undergo. The reference, of course, is to the "living death" of insanity. After spending some two years in a private asylum, Robert Schumann died in his wife's arms on July 29th, 1856. With the death of her husband Madame Schumann's mission as the "authoritative interpreter," as she has been called, of his works rather began than ended. She edited the Breitkopf and Härtel edition of his compositions, and to her playing of them all over Europe during nearly forty years is largely due the high place they occupy in the library of the world's music. She died in 1896. It has been said that Schumann's set of songs called "Frauenliebe und Leben "—the Love and Life of Woman—gives us a deeper insight into the most subtle and secret emotions of a pure woman's soul than has been given by any other composer*, and, indeed, than could have been expected from a man at all. Well it may, for Schumann's music is the outcome, not of one personality, but two. Clement Antrobus Harris. Spinsters and Art. THE baldness and badness of popular novels is as touching as the ugliness of a cherished rag-doll. What overflowing tenderness must be in the heart of the child who loves this monstrosity, we think. And so with the people who read these novels—what tireless imaginations they must have, to perceive joy in these bare chronicles! We superior persons are too feeble to go searching for beauty on our own like that. We wait idly until Thomas Hardy comes back from witnessing fierce wars between the flesh and the spirit, and Conrad sails home from the strangest and most distant tropic. But the common man picks up some artless work such as "The Considine Luck," by H. A. Hinkson, and creates his own beauty. He takes the puppet heroine, Grace Smith, and paints her wooden cheeks with the flush of his sensuous dreams; he lights her eyes with the radiance he has seen in unattainable women in pictures or at theatres, till Grace Smith is more fair than his first love. In a sense he writes his own books. I fancy that "The Considine Luck" is the sort of book that the Bishop of Bristol referred to as "wholesome literature," in his recent address to the pupils of Colston Girls' School, advising the young ladies not to adopt as a profession the writing of objectionable fiction. (Surely his Lordship is mistaken in regarding this as an important opening for women. Nobody ever tried to bribe me to write objectionable fiction. And the people who tell you that they came to London five years ago with three shillings, and are now worth half a million, did it by inventing new kinds of sausages and things like that, not by writing objectionable fiction.) The only thing that distresses me about the work is the startling promiscuity of the second heroine, Flo Dallas. A simple child of nature, reared on the Irish hills, she nourishes in her young bosom a pure passion for Sir Jasper, the hero, until one day her cousin, Hugh Venables, breaks the news to her. "'I suppose you Have heard the news?'" 'What news?' she inquired, with a throb of anxiety. "'That Sir Jasper is going to marry Grace Smith.' "'Marry her,' echoed Flo blankly. "'Yes, no doubt about it... But Flo was not listening. She had sat down at the foot of the tree, and, after making several brave attempts to control her emotion, she suddenly burst into tears." I regret to say that when she got up again she was engaged to Hugh Venables. This is a form of treachery that constantly takes place in novels. For a lesser thing than this Winston Churchill was called a turncoat. And there is still some scandal talked about St. Peter. The hero who suffers from * It is worth noting that the most essentially feminine music has not come from the few composers of the gentler sex, but from men, especially Chopin, and in certain instances, Schumann. The music of the greatest of women composers, Ethel Smythe, is almost aggressively masculine in expression. "The Considine Luck." By II. A. Hinkson. 6s. (Stephen Swift and Co.) "The Spinster." By Hubert Wales. 6s. (John Long.) "The Trespasser." By d. II. Lawrence. 6s. (Duckworth.) unrequited love is allowed to go away and shoot big game m decent despair. But the heroine may transfer her allegiance with horrid facility. Another lady of trying habits is Mr. Hubert Wales' "The Spinster." We have all of us had experience of the terribly confidential old lady in the crowded railway-carnage who will tell us about the operation her son has just undergone, and how it runs in the family. The Spinster was troubled with a similar unbridled candour. Although close on forty, and gifted with that training in deceit which an unattractive appearance imposes on women, she goes about confessing (with imbecile quiet dignity) the secret of her life to her sisters, her cousins and her aunts, the butcher, the baker, and the candlestick-maker, and—finally—a coroner's jury. I abstain from revealing what the Spinster's secret really was, in view of the fact that Mrs. Humphry Ward is a reader of THE FREE-woman. All the same, "The Spinster" is a great work. This is the first production by Mr. Hubert Wales that I have ever read. I was held from the very first page, whereon I read: "There were reservoirs of love in her—of wife-love and of mother-love— accumulating reservoirs, which had never been tapped." This is luscious imagery. "The Tapping of the Spinster" would be an exquisite title for a poetical play. And the conception of Fate as a Metropolitan Water Board regulating the flow of spiritual liquids is immense. I find Mr. Wales difficult to place as an artist. Undoubtedly his style derives largely from Mr. Frederick Harrison, though the breezy incident of the spinster's mother throwing the new potatoes at the housemaid obviously shows the influence of Strindberg. In philosophy it would not be too much to say that Mr. Wales stands shoulder to shoulder with Ella Wheeler Wilcox, It is not unkind to say that the above two books need never have been written. Of course, one is glad that they have been written, just as one is glad that there are dog-shows at the Horticultural Show, even though one never goes near the place oneself. One likes to think of all those jolly little puppies; and similarly one is glad that Mr. Wales feels up to his work, and quite certain that a lot of people will get ingenuous pleasure out of Mr. Hmkson's book. But here is a book that is on a different plane, a book that was worth the writing — "The Trespasser," by D. H. Lawrence. Last year Mr. Lawrence published "The White Peacock," in which there was some imagination, but much more fancy, which had within therefore the seeds of both genius and decay. Mr. Lawrence has conquered. This book is magic. The first half of the book concerns itself with the week that Siegmund, a middle-aged and unsuccessful violinist and music-teacher, and Helena, his pupil, spend in the Isle of Wight. Except for the thought of his shrewish wife, avid for the fidelity of a husband she dislikes, and his family, which varies from lank unfriendly adolescence to warm and adorable infancy, they live in ecstasy. To begin with, one must consider the difficulty of staging ecstasy in the tameness of that landscape. Surely the extreme mildness of the nearer holiday resorts explains the insipidity of the Londoner. The Northern wage-slave can go to Blackpool, whose vulgarity shouts magnificently to heaven like the strains of a hundred massed brass bands, or to that touching attempt at tropical beauty, the Isle of Man. The Glasgow artisan can sail down the Clyde till the land shivers into a thousand islands before the marvel of the ragged Arran peaks against the Atlantic. But the Londoner cango no such excursions to learn that romance is real, He must go to Margate. The Isle of Wight, that vast kitchen-garden dimpled with vicarages, is nearly as bad, but Mr. Lawrence's vision can transmute it. "The way home lay across country, through deep little lanes where the late foxgloves sat seriously, like sad hounds; over open downlands, rough with gorse and ling, and through pocketed hollows of bracken and trees." The chalk is on fire with the sun. "All things, it seemed, were made of sunshine more or less soiled. The cliffs rose out of the shining waves like clouds of strong, fine texture, and rocks along the shore were the dapplings of a bright dawn. The coarseness was fused out of the world, so that the sunlight showed in the veins of the morning cliffs and the rocks. Yea, everything ran with sunshine as we are full of blood, and plants are tissued from green-gold, glistening sap. Substance and solidity were the shadows that the morning cast round itself to make itself tangible, as Helena herself was a shadow, cast by that fragment of sunshine, her soul, over its inefficiency." The description of the ecstasy of love has been done before, often impertinently, in view of the supreme achievements of Shakespear and Swinburne. But Mr. Lawrence not only treats it with reality, but he attains past it to the most godlike point of discontent; he perceives the failure of love. It is true that passion fuses these two into one. But it does not endure. They are torn apart temporarily by circumstance; they are divorced for ever—except for moments which are half-dreams— by temperamental differences. And these are conditions found in almost very union. That the highest experience in Life is generally incomplete explains why the greatest geniuses, the men who are likest gods, have refused to become men of action and have been artists. Art is so much fuller of perfection than Life. Has any man experienced anything so beautiful as "Kubla Khan"? The gulf between the lovers lies in the fact that Helena is a sentimentalist. "Siegmund. .. might play with the delicious, warm surface of life, but always he recked of the relentless mass of cold beneath—the mass of life which has no sympathy with the individual, no cognisance of him. She loved the trifles and the toys, the mystery and the magic of things. She would not own life to be relentless. It was either beautiful, fantastic, or weird, or inscrutable, or else mean and vulgar, below consideration. He had to get a sense of the anemone and a sympathetic knowledge of its experience into his blood before he was satisfied. To Helena an anemone was one more pretty figure in her kaleidoscope." She was all fancy and no imagination. On a still night by the sea in the glimmer of many stars she was capable of quoting :— "Die Luft ist kühl und es dunkelt Und ruhig fliesst der Rhein." And by day she made her own bad poetry for herself. "The pink convolvuli were fairy horns or telephones from the day fairies to the night fairies. The rippling sunlight on the sea was the Rhine maidens spreading their bright hair to the sun. That was her favourite form of thinking. The value of things was in the fancy they evoked. She did not care for people; they were vulgar, ugly, and stupid as a rule." That was her sin. She despised Life. Even her love was a cold-blooded theft. As a man complains in the book, "These deep, interesting women don't want us; they want the flowers of the spirit they can gather of us. We, as natural men, are more or less degrading to them and to their love of us; therefore they destroy the natural man in us— that is, us altogether." So she steals his passion to build herself more feeble, romantic dreams, and gives him nothing in return. So that when he goes back to his unfriendly home he has nothing between him and the stars, by whose light he sees life as miserable and as lonely as, as a matter of fact, it generally is if one is not a fanatic of some kind. So he falls through the vault of madness down to quiet suicide. This latter part of the book is by far the finest, but one regrets Mr. Lawrence's scornful attitude towards Siegmund's wife. The deserted wife is the most pathetic figure in the world, however contemptible she may be, for she has based her whole life on the false assumption that the love of man is a static rather than a rhythmic condition. Perhaps it has been necessary for the race that she should make that mistake. Since in all of us the devil's part wishes to play Napoleon and have power, it is probable that those not gifted with emotional fastidiousness should refuse to accept the responsibility of wifehood and motherhood without the bait of power over a man until death. At any rate, Beatrice was nearer the heart of Siegmund than Helena, for Helena was the spinster through and through. Continually she was being revolted by some physical lustiness of Siegmund, the sight of his strong throat above his flannel shirt, his childish trick of whistling through his teeth, his great, bull-like strength. "She looked at him, and again shuddered with horror. Was that really Siegmund, that stooping, thick-shouldered, indifferent man? Was that the Siegmund who had seemed to radiate joy into his surroundings, the Siegmund whose coming had always changed the whole weather of her soul ?. .. His radiance had gone, his aura had ceased. She saw him a stooping man, past the buoyancy of youth, walking and whistling rather stupidly—in short, something of the 'clothed animal on end, like the rest of men." She used to withdraw to the sentimentalist's voluptuous chamber of self-torture to become a self-scourging moralist, and would distress his simplicity with her sobs. Continually she receded from him into the nook of some obscene fastidiousness, some icy distaste for Life. The fact was she was drunk with the spinster's ethereal conception of man. The spinster, looking out on the world through the drawn curtains of the boarding-school or the equally celibate boarding-house, sees men as trees walking—large, dignified, almost majestic. Like Helena, she refuses to see their helplessness, their pathetic defeats in the strife against circumstance and temperament. Perpetually she conceives them as masters of the situation. This spinster conception of man has had its ill effect on literature. Consider how many books are written by spinsters, how many more for spinsters. In all these men are drawn as strong gods. Even in Charlotte Brontë this is apparent. Her men are marred by a perpetual dignity. A married woman would not have believed in Mr. Rochester for one minute; a man who had been taken in so flagrantly by a lunatic wife might have an appealing, wistful charm, but he would not have been in the least like that noble gorilla. It is all very well to say that Charlotte Brontë had experience of the weakness and crimes of men. They were evidenced in her father and her brother, and somehow one expects one's relatives to be incompetent and beastly. It is not until one meets a man on the grounds of, not duty, but attraction, that his faults strike one with surprise. Out of that surprise there ought to come Art. We want novels written by women about men. Very few men have ever succeeded in creating men as they have succeeded in creating women. Some woman ought to write a novel about a man and the struggle of his soul with the universe, as moving and as pathetic as "Tess of the D'Urbervilles." It would be a great thing for a woman to do as much for one man as Meredith did for all his women. That is why the spinster question is really an urgent matter. To-day there are hundreds and thousands of spinsters all over the country, produced for the most part by educational systems. Hence you have a large population deprived of the possibility of wifehood and motherhood. The only people to whom such a deprivation could be of any value are artists. But then, again, a spinster is usually a sentimentalist, and therefore incapable of art. So what is the good of all these spinsters? Rebecca West. History of Divorce.* EVERY reader of The freewoman should beg, borrow, buy, or steal a copy of this remarkable book. It is the best history of divorce from the days of Rome yet published, and also the best exposition of the principles on which any system of marriage and divorce should be established. Those who believe in marriage must wake up in time to see that its existence is vitally bound up with rational divorce, and that all the free-love unions of medieval Europe and (in our own day) South Carolina reposed, and still repose, on the absence of divorce. The number of wives burnt as witches and husbands tortured to death by the Inquisition for want of proper divorce was, doubtless, vastly increased by the Christian theory of indissoluble marriage, though the theory was not so tyrannically enforced as in more modern times. In our own day we have much crime due to the same cause. Mr. Kitchin strongly supports the old Roman law of divorce by mutual consent, subject to proper provision for any children of the marriage. Hs shows how lamentably the Reformers of the l6th century ended by relapsing into Canon Law and submitting the Protestant world to most of the old fetters imposed by the priests and lawyers, after professing to defy them, and how even the awakening of rational thought in the 18th century was of little practical use until both Frederick the Great and Napoleon disseminated the new ideas by despotic authority. Democracy is usually less enlightened than these eminent dictators. The tyranny of the priest is now extinct except in England and a few Catholic countries. The tyranny of the lawyer exists nearly everywhere, and, as a rule, prevents any private and outwardly amicable settlement of matrimonial disputes. "Divorce is to be relief from misfortune, and not a crime," to quote the statute-book of Norway. The Norwegian motto should be of universal application, but our long legacy of superstition applied to marriage and sex stands in the way. Mr. Kitchin throws interesting sidelights on the position of women in medieval times. In many ways the Christian religion has been their worst enemy. But there are endless points of interest in the volume, and it certainly illustrates to the full the dictum of Mr. Cunning-hame Graham, "Divorce is the charter of women's freedom." E. S. P. H. * "History of Divorce." By S. B. Kitchin. (Chapman and Hall, Ltd.) The Economic Freedom of Women. THE pressure of social and economic development is forcing this very debatable question on the attention of all serious students of social problems. The reiteration of pious beliefs; the heated denial of bondage which demand for freedom implies; the pathetic appeals to women to go back thankfully and contentedly to the conditions of a hundred years ago; the solemn warnings of preachers and teachers of what they fear will result from the actions of free women, make a confusion of tongues and confliction of opinions in which it is difficult sometimes for a plain woman to realise exactly where she stands. It is with a view to attempt some definite realisation, not necessarily as a final and fixed conviction, but as an essential prelude thereto, that this study is undertaken. As a preliminary, it is necessary clearly to acknowledge and fix in our minds one fact—being a fact, provable by official statistics, it would be waste of time to dwell on it—that social and economic pressure, felt by women as well as by men, is a factor in this problem which may not be ignored. To clear the ground, it may be necessary, even at the risk of tedious redundancy, to state exactly what we mean by the economic position of the individual. To sustain life, we have three primal needs—food, clothing, and shelter. Luxuries and comforts of many other kinds have been made necessaries to most of us by modern life; but the first three are the basis without which we cannot live at all. A moment's thought will remind anybody that these needs could not be supplied, even for ourselves alone, individually. Left to ourselves, at the stage of specialisation reached to-day, each ADOLPHE LADIES' TAILOR New Models in Original and Exclusive TAILOR SUITS Coat Lined 5(7? from 6 gns. Perfectly cut end fitted by MÖNS. ADOLPHE bailleur ce Paris Dainty Paris Blouses from 25/- A L'Idéal Cie 15 Sloane St., S.W. Victoria 2024 one of us would perish miserably in an attempt to feed, clothe, and house ourselves. It is common knowledge that our food comes from many lands, and the combined labour of thousands of people is necessary before it stands on the table ready for us to eat; the same is true of our clothes; and the work of many skilled workmen goes to the building of our homes before they are ready to shelter us. The conditions of life today, more than ever in our history, are complicated and interdependent, making it imposible to deal with them as a whole, without considering the people as a whole. We are approaching a time when it will be impossible to ignore the larger half of the people—the female half—when in process of that readjustment of social and economic conditions which is not only being forced on us by evolutionary progress, but which is the earnest hope and desire of the social reformer. The task of taking the women into account is to some reformers so appallingly difficult that they are inclined to shelve this aspect of the question, and to postpone its settlement. Meanwhile, there is an ever-growing unrest amongst the two sections of society who feel the pressure of changing conditions most—the section whose labour produces the necessaries of life for all, and the women of the country. The unrest grows, and is becoming so menacing that there is growing conviction amongst the more serious and thoughtful type of social reformer that it will have to be tackled. If that be so, then it had surely better be tackled seriously, and women should fit themselves to approach the settlement in a helpful and informed spirit. They should know definitely what they want, and why they want it. If they want economic freedom because they are convinced, and can show, that it is necessary in the interests of the race, they have a ground for their demand of which the ultimate realisation is sure. In considering the economic freedom of men, it is never necessary to drag in our notions of their conjugal and parental duty. We can, and do, frankly consider them as producers, as civil and social servants, as human beings with a necessity to earn a living on the one hand, and an opportunity to serve society on the other. But in a study of the economic position of women, no such easy task awaits us. We have, on the contrary, to consider women, not as human beings, with a need to live and a power to serve, but as a wife of a particular man, as a mother of particular children. We have even, according to the view generally accepted, to consider her as a potential wife and mother of no particular man and children. Nor is this all. We have even to pry into her domestic arrangements, and pass judgment from our view of her relation to the house she lives in. A woman's relation to her husband, her children, and her "home duties" have for many long ages been mixed up with her economic relation to society, and this is the reason why so many people are unable to make up their minds as to what they mean by the economic freedom of women. It needs quite a gymnastic feat of the imagination, quite a revolutionary shock to the mind, to attempt to consider women apart from their actual or possible husbands and children, and apart from their "domestic duties"; and to see them in the light of economic factors in society. "Women and children," in the light of dependents on men, have for so long been classed together that many people go through life without realising that women ever grow up. The "duties of home" are so inseparable (quite naturally so, since they are all the duties most women acknowledge) from any consideration of women that the phrase has become a shibboleth which serves in place of thought to those who find thinking an impossible or a disagreeable process. But, to get even a glimpse of what economic freedom for women really means, it is quite necessary that we should try to perform this feat of the mind and imagination; for it is an indispensable condition that we should realise that women are adult human beings, of the genus homo, quite as much as the males of their species. As such, they, of course, have primal needs. They eat. They wear clothes. They live in houses—much more than do men. What do they do to supply the many needs of the community, of which their own are by no means the smaller part? Men, except the unemployed, at the top and bottom of the social structure, all take part more or less in the many services which the continuance of civilised society demands daily. They it is who bring the food from many lands; who fashion most of the fabrics which clothe us; who perform every office (till it reaches the drudgery of the cleaning) in raising the homes in which we live; who get the coal from the earth's bowels.; who "man" the railways and the ships; who fill the posts of Government; and who generally keep the world moving. Men, therefore, are economically free. That there are degrees of freedom, governed by factors which are not of moment here, may be conceded at once. But everybody who earns enough to live upon gives back to the whole something in return for what the whole gives to him. It may be necessary, en passant, to remark that though it is true to say that the man or woman who work not at all, or who tumble over each other in "flunkey" service for individual people (as must be the case where nineteen servants are kept to supply the personal requirements of one woman), but who are "economically free" in the usually accepted sense of the word, are not so in the sense in which the present writer understands or discusses economic freedom. Such people are free, in the first case, because they are not obliged to give anything back for what is given to them; and in the second place because they give to one person service which others give to society; but both are dependent on the producers none the less, since no amount of money could buy if want of money did not result in goods produced. Economic freedom, then, in a large generalisation, means the equal freedom of women with men in opportunity and obligation to earn their living— to cease living as parasites, either on individual men or on society—to give back their share in return for what is given to them. As before stated, in considering any phase of economics as related to men, we have a straightforward issue, and need not pry into the man's relations with his wife, children, or home. But in the case of women we have no option. So for purposes of convenience it may be well to separate the sheep and the goats—the married and the unmarried. To take the last first. It is becoming more and more impossible every day for fathers and brothers, even of the middle-classes, to maintain an army of daughters and sisters at home, and it has never been possible for the "working-man" to do so. But in the past the girls of the working-classes were content to be domestic servants, and to-day they are not so content, and never will be content again till domestic service follows development in other spheres, and is organised on lines which will make it acceptable to women who have a growing thirst for human freedom. It is easy to convince the bitterest opponent of economic freedom for women that girls and unmarried women must work at something, because nobody can afford to keep them. But few people take their necessity to work as a serious reason why they should be trained to work efficiently; and that since they must be workers they are an economic factor which cannot be ignored without danger to other workers. There can be little doubt that the greatest obstacle to economic freedom for women is the deeply rooted notion, in the minds of many of themselves, and in the minds of almost all men, that they are merely playing at work for a time until they undertake the "duties of wife and mother "—in which case they are expected to give up their duty to society, and to plant themselves as a life-burden on a male-producer. The writer has had many years' experience of trade union work amongst women workers, and is sadly convinced thereby that the greatest obstacle to the trade organisation of women is this intention to become a parasite on marriage. The only women of the industrial classes who organise so splendidly and completely as to be able to command what may be regarded as a living wage, are the cotton operatives of Lancashire; and it is a remarkable fact, with a distinct bearing on the problem under discussion, that more married women work in this trade than in any other. Most men consider the conditions of their work, and the wage received, in the light of a life job. So does the Lancashire cotton weaver, and both act accordingly, with similar results. But it must be recognised that though the trade organisation of women is as capable of improving their economic condition as it is in the case of men, especially when backed by the political power of the vote; yet, if the women cotton weavers of Lancashire were not experts at their trade, and as highly skilled, and, therefore, as valuable as producers as are the men, they might not be able to command, as they do, a monopoly of the trade, and would certainly not be able to command, as they do, exactly the same rate of pay. And herein is a deduction to be made. If women are going to demand, or, what is much more likely, are going to be forced to take their share in providing for the world's economic needs, and to relieve men of the burden of their maintenance, it will be absolutely necessary for them to become experts, and to demand the training which fits for efficient service. And this is as necessary in the interests of men workers as of women. Men realise, as proved by their trade organisations, their systems of apprenticeship, that the untrained man who may pick up a smattering of knowledge of their trade, sufficient to enable him to perform minor parts of it, is a menace to their own stability and prosperity as workers. But they are slow to recognise that what is true of a man in this connection is equally true of a woman. Instead, they are inclined to say, "Keep her out! Drive her back to her home!" Their very natural fear of being ousted from their place in the scheme of things obliterates the view that a moment's reasoning would show them—namely, that since women must work to live, the best plan for both men and women would be to treat that fact seriously, and to help, and to insist on the women making use of every possible means to increase their value as workers. Most doors by which woman could, if she were willing, obtain the skill necessary to command a living wage, are closed to her, because there are no ways whatever (open to her) of getting into them. There are others out of which she cannot be kept, as the tailoring trade, for instance, and particularly in those trades associated with the distributive processes, which do not require long periods of apprenticeship. In the case of the tailoring trade, men for many years bitterly resented the entrance of the women, and rigorously refused to admit them to their trade union; and even now it is only the worst paid jobs which are allowed to come in the way of the women. A tailor serves a long apprenticeship, and his trade union has fixed prices below which he may not work. Now observe where the danger comes in, in allowing the women to enter the trade without skill or organisation. The writer was at one time intimately acquainted with the inner working of a factory run by a contractor for the manufacture of Government clothing, and can vouch for the truth of the details here given in illustration of this argument. Four hundred and fifty people were employed in this factory, of whom four hundred were women. They were largely the daughters of railway workers earning less than thirty shillings a week, so it can scarcely be argued that "their place was at home." It was understood that the Government stipulated that the sleeves of policemen's tunics should be sewn in by tailors. The sleeves were sewn in by tailors—on one afternoon only during the four months the order lasted—on the afternoon when the Government inspector came round. At all other periods during the four months the sleeves were sewn in by women. It is presumable that the work of the men and the women was indistinguishable. But the pay was distinguishable, since in the case of the women it was 5d. per pair, and in the case of the men it was is. 5d. Now, who gains by conditions such as these? The women did not, since they worked longer hours than the men (taking their work home at night), and still were not, and are not, able to earn enough to keep themselves in return for all their toil. And the men actually lose, as the inference is that if they insisted on equal training and equal pay for women they would share the work, since there would surely be no inducement to employ women in preference to men if their work were no cheaper. The community, of course, are heavy losers by such conditions, as, the less money earned by the people, men and women alike, the less they have to spend, and the less demand for goods produced. This apart altogether from the national danger of wasting natural wealth—the health of the wealth producers—which insufficient wages and consequent poor conditions of life place in constant jeopardy. Some people argue that to demand equal pay for women would be to make their conditions harder. Why should it? If that were true, the conditions amongst Lancashire cotton operatives would be amongst the worst in the country. That the exact opposite is the fact is surely conclusive proof that the way to better conditions would be for men and women alike to recognise that unskilled, unorganised workers are a menace to, and a drag on the skilled and organised. To declare, as some people think it sufficient to do, that women have no business entering men's trades, is but to beat the air. Women must live, and in order to live must work, and, of course, have to follow whatever channels afford the best opportunity of getting a living. Men and women cannot separate their interests in the world of work any more than in the sphere of home; and surely the speedier way to progress would be to utilise the wisdom and work of both in obtaining relief from pressure of modern conditions. There are no doubt many occupations now monopolised by men of which they will always have a monopoly. But there are many others in which women could fit themselves for competency as easily as do men, and in these men and women alike must put aside unnecessary sex prejudices, and recognise that they must rise or fall together. And there are many other trades and occupations, waiting to be organised and developed, so soon as women are alive to their responsibilities, and men are sufficiently alive to help instead of to hinder, in which women could be of special use and value. There are, for instance, baby and child culture, so little recognised or practised, as infant mortality returns testify; there are the organisation and development of the present primitive condition of domestic work (which will be absolutely necessary in order to enable women to attain to economic freedom); there is the efficient feeding of the people, now so absurdly badly done, and many other lines of work waiting and crying out for the organised, intelligent effort of the women who are at present either wholly dependent on men, or who are crowding the few avenues of employment which are open to them. But the indispensable preliminary to this is a frank recognition that women are now out of their homes permanently, and that for good or ill they are obliged to take part in industrial work; and that unless they are for ever to remain a subordinate, dependent sex, and a permanent drag on the advance of civilisation, all doors must be opened to them, all the training to fit themselves for efficient workers, far from being withheld, must be actually forced on them, and rigorously demanded of them. This brings us to the married woman, for, in order to deal seriously with women as wealth-producers, and as the equals of men in the world of work, it is an essential that girls shall be brought up to regard their work as a serious part of life, and to approach it in this spirit. The further consideration of this aspect of our study, the place of the married woman in industry, will be reserved for another article. ADA NlELD CHEW. OF ALL HIGH CLASS DRAPERS - AND STORES - IN LONDON AND PROVINCES. THE FROCKS FOR CHILDREN DOUGLAFROCS AND MAIDS SEND POSTCARD FOR NAME OF NEAREST RETAILER TO "DOUGLAFROC" ( c/o "FREEWOMAN"), 16, KING STREET, COVENT GARDEN, W.C. To Auguste Strindberg. Thou hast fared forth alone, O stern, sad soul! Out of this world that thou didst ever scorn, Where now alone the fruit thy griefs have borne Rests to immortalise thine earthly rôle. Thou hast fared forth; our eyes no more may see, Nor any word of greeting reach us more From that impenetrably distant shore Men call Eternity. No slight of man shall trouble thee again In those vast realms where time and tide shall cease, No lost illusion come to mar thy peace, The calm serenity thou wouldst attain Whose struggles we have witnessed from afar ; Wondering as thy lion courage grew, And conquered, thou didst rise to fight anew, Mocking thine evil star. O bitter singer to whom life was hell,* What hast thou found to comfort thee in death? Could there but reach our ears one single breath Of what thy lips, grown ever mute, might tell, What should we know? Of all thy learning's store, Of all thine eager probings after light, What spark of truth illumined thy night From out the ancient lore ? The barren present and the burning past That were thy lot, poor tool of destiny ! Do they pursue thy steps inexorably ? Or canst thou smile at last ? O passion-tossed and baffled child of fate ! Hast thou, in realms where only Love holds sway,. Beyond the body's lust, the brain's decay, Found thy soul's mate ? A love thou gladly wouldst have sung on earth! Ah! poor brave heart that ever sought in vain, And, 'neath the scorn that hid thy bitterest pain, Bewailed thy spirit's dearth; Hast thou found life beyond,' or rest from life? Balm for thy soul in death's eternal sleep, Deaf to the voices that around thee weep, Forgetfulness of thy stupendous strife? Or wilt thou, keen for battle, come again, Insistent in thy search, impatient still, Struggling to rise and conquer by thy will, Immortal in thy pain ? We cannot know, and thou alone that knowest Com'st not to tell; what are we to thee more Than watchers on a fast-receding shore, That cannot follow thither where thou goest? Yet may we cry " God-speed! " across the grave That now conceals thee, clay returned to clay, Straining our eyes to see thee on thy way Beyond the Lethean wave. Yet may we wish thee, after all life's tears, A fair awakening in some nobler star, Where no discordant note may fall to mar The music of the spheres. Amy Skovgaard-Pedersen. * Title of one of Strindberg's books. "The Freewoman" Discussion Circle. THE sixth meeting of the Discussion Circle took place on July 3rd at Chandos Hall, with the vice-chairman, Mrs. Gallichan, in the chair. As there was no official business to transact, members were asked for any suggestions they had to bring forward, and one of these, made by Mr. Clayton Green, should be considered. He suggested that in future a synopsis of the forthcoming lecture to the Circle should be printed in the freewoman at least a week before its delivery, so that members of the Circle should have an opportunity of thinking over some of the points to be raised, and so be in a position to contribute better discussions. This idea has been carried out by many societies, and it would be well if Circle members would think over the suggestion, which shall be put before the Circle again later. After the private business was over, the discussion on "Sex Oppression and the Way Out" was opened. In the absence of Mr. Guy Aldred, the discussion was begun by Mr. Bedborough, who pointed out, in a very able speech, that the title of the discussion was itself a difficulty, since it might signify the "oppression" that sex as such brings to the individual—a "natural" oppression, as one might call it, or at least not brought about by another individual's direct agency. Again, it might signify the "oppression "resulting from ceremonies, institutions, and conventions connected with sex, and imposed from outside upon the individual. He said, further, that the latter kind of oppression was a large matter, involving the whole social question. Mr. Aldred then arrived to take up the discussion, and proceeded to give us a very interesting paper, which covered a great deal of ground, his main point being that the existing social system, whose centre is the family, must be overturned before man can be freed from sex oppression, which is mainly due to the family system and the economic system. A most ardent debate followed after the questions were over, in which a very large number of those present took part. By common consent, the discussion was prolonged until 10.30, and even then a good many people had to leave their sentiments unexpressed. As it was late before Mr. Aldred rose to reply, the chairman said only a word or two in summing up. Mr. Aldred's reply touched upon most of the points raised, and this brought the meeting to a close. We all felt that this meeting was extremely helpful, and we are indebted to Mr. Aldred for having given us a paper so full of suggestion, and so useful in drawing out the views of the audience. As a certain number of people were anxious to continue the discussion still further, it was decided that a meeting should be held on Wednesday, July 10th, for those who thus desired, and Mr. G. C. Beresford very kindly volunteered to lend his studio for the purpose. This smaller meeting will be reported in next week's issue of The freewoman. The secretary wishes to remind members of the Circle that an "Actionist Group" has been suggested as desirable, and those who are willing to join it are requested to send in names and addresses. Will all those who have not yet paid their subscriptions (2s. 6d. up to December 31st, 1912) to the treasurer, Mr. Selwyn Weston, 49, Rectory Grove, Clapham Common, S.W., kindly do so now? Membership cards will be issued very shortly. The next meeting will be on Wednesday, July 17th, at 8 p.m., in Chandos Hall. Mrs. Havelock Ellis will speak on " Some Problems in Eugenics." B. Low (Acting Secretary). MAID'S MURDER. She drank the jewelled cup of youth And Love and Life went hand in hand; The Grey Folk babbled of God's Truth (What aged crone can understand?) There came a breath upon her mouth, Anon she knew Love's mysteries; O wind, blow softly from the South. (The Grey Folk hid among the trees.) There came a day they cursed her name, And cried on her thro' all the land; Calling God's wrath on sin and shame (What aged crone can understand ?) They flung her in the mire men make What Time they babble of God's Truth; She was so slight a thing to take From out the fragrant paths of Youth. O Eros, and ye Gods of old ; O Venus of the foaming strand; See, here she lieth, calm and cold (What aged crone can understand ?) O. S. Parker. Don't Buy Cheap New Furniture!— "GO TO for HIGH-GRADE second-hand goods on easy terms. THE average life of CHEAP new furniture is six months. Good, sound, solid second-hand stuff costs you less and serves you for a lifetime ! Conducting one of the largest Depository Businesses in the World, we are constantly offering high-grade goods (sacrificed for storage) at considerably under auction-room prices. Finest range in London. Our Customers get the benefit of values and prices to be had NOWHERE ELSE. Take the following (but don't take our word! Come and see for yourself !) : EXAMPLES. 4 well carved, gilt £ s. d. framed, oval padded back Drawing Room Chairs of French design; all recently re-upholstered in a Rose du Barri silk tapestry. A great bargain each 4 4 0 A Drawing Room Suite, comprising: Pietty settee, 2 round back arm chairs,and 4 high beautifully carved banister back small chars, standing on shaped legs. The whole suite has recently been re-upholstered in a blue-grey striped tapestry of French manulac-. ture......7 18 6 A large-sized Grand £ s. d. father Easy Chair, upholstered in tapestry to match the preceding suite .. 2 18 6 A 4-ft. Sheraton design Inlaid Mahogany Bookcase; the uppepart has 3 regulating shelves tnclosed by two 13-plale glass doors; the under part has 2 drawers and 2 cupboards enclosed by 2 well panelled doors .. 9 18 6 A 4-ft. 6-in. Sweep Rail solid Fumed Oak Bedstead .. ..1 7 9 A well made 3-lt. solid Fumed Oak Bedroom Suite; complete with 2 rush-seated chairs 4 12 6 "Go to Jelks and Sons for Sound Second-hand Furniture." Any of these goods can be obtained on our well-known terms of easy payment at a small percentage extra. JE5 woith, 4-/- monti'ly; £10 worth, 6/- monthly; £20 worth, 11/- monthly; £30 worth, 16/- monthly. W. JELKS and SONS, 263. 265. 267, 269, 271, 273. 276, 275a, HOLLOWAY ROAD. LONDON. N. DEPOSITORIES—2, 4, 6, 8, 10, 12, 14, 16, EDEN GROVE (adjoining). Oust one minute from Hollowav Road Station, Piccadilly and Brompton Tube.) Telephones: 2598 and 2599 North; 7826 Central. Telegrams: " JELLICO, LONDON." W. JELKS and SONS!" Correspondence. Note to Correspondents.— While quite willing to publish letters under no??is de plume, we make it a condition of publication that the na??ie and address of each cor-respo?ident should be supplied to the editor.—Ed. MR. McKENNA AND FORCIBLE FEEDING. To the Editor of The Freewoman. Madam,—Will you allow me to correct a serious misstatement in C. H. Norman's letter in your last issue, and to refer to some of his remarks? Whatever other pro-suffrage organs may do, the Christian Commonwealth certainly does not " always suppress adverse criticism." Only a few weeks ago we printed several communications from anti-Suffragists, and another will appear in this week's issue. The demands upon our space are so great that we can publish only a small portion of the correspondence we receive. Had Mr. Norman's letter been sent to us, probably, "suppressing" the inaccuracies and irrelevancies, we should have published the gist of his complaint and argument. Mr. Norman "knows what the editor of the Christian Commonwealth would do if he were in the position of Mr. McKenna. He would forcibly feed women." Indeed! It may be that your correspondent knows our mind better than we do ourself; we can only say that our present feeling is that we would rather do anything, give up any position, make any sacrifice, than be in any way responsible for the feeding of Suffragists against their will. Within the past week one of our subscribers has written that for several years he has purchased a dozen copies of the Christian Commonwealth every week, but that in consequence of our protests against the Government treatment of the Suffragettes he has terminated his association with the paper. We can only say that, however many readers may act in a similar way, we shall continue to make our protest. We would rather the ship sunk with flag flying than change our course. Literally it is quite impossible for us to find the words in which to express our detestation of forcible feeding. It is a denial of the first of all human rights, the right to one's own body, and it is a violation of that which religion teaches is the temple of the Holy Ghost. It amazes me that any open-minded person, especially a reader of The Freewoman, can defend Mr. McKenna's proceedings. The issue is quite distinct from that of women's suffrage—is, in our judgment, one of immeasurably greater importance. Mr. Norman says that, so far as he can judge, "a vote of adult men and women on the issue of woman suffrage would result in an overwhelming defeat for the suffrage cause "—meaning, there would be a great majority of votes against it. Perhaps he is right. But, again, we marvel how any Freeman or Freewoman cannot see that this is not a question of majorities and minorities, but of inherent human justice. So long as men have votes, all women, be they few or many, who want to exercise the vote ought to be enfranchised. Here lies the problem of the immediate situation: how women are to obtain that to which they are unquestionably entitled if those who are in the saddle refuse to grant it. The Editor of the "Christian Commonwealth." July 8th, 1912. © © © Madam,—I read Mr. Norman's defence of this disgusting practice with amazement. The objection to forcible feeding has nothing to do with the fact that the victims are Suffragists, imprisoned for conscience' sake, nor with the fact that they are women, though these circumstances may increase our feeling of indignation. It is an operation which no human being has a right to perform upon another against his will. Let me recount a case in point. A girl was unable to take food on account of some injury to her mouth. The doctors proceeded to feed her by the nasal tube. Although it was done with all available skill and the co-operation of the patient, it caused such distress that the girl preferred death to a repetition, and the doctors recognised her right to choose death for herself, and refrained. It does not affect the position that she surprised them by recovering. My point is that the doctors admitted that it was an operation which a sane patient has a right to refuse. This right of the individual is inalienable. The judicial sentence gives the prison officials a strictly limited power over the prisoner, and does not remove this elementary right. The Government are in a dilemma. They have to let the women go or let them die. Mr. Norman writes as if forcible feeding were a way out of the dilemma. It is nothing of the sort. It merely postpones the submission of the Government, for the simple reason that forcible feeding cannot be long continued. If the imprisonment is long enough and the resistance strenuously maintained, sooner or later the day comes when again the only alternative is to let the woman die or let her go. It is useless to say that suicide cannot be allowed, because the only way to prevent a determined woman is—to kill her! To quote Dr. Whitby, "it is an outrage to kill a man who prefers to commit suicide." Because no death has yet resulted, you cannot safely conclude that you have not killed any of these women. An M.D. tells me that if any of the food should go astray, it will probably set up inflammation, e.g., in the lungs, and the trouble might not declare itself until twelve months later, and might yet be the cause of death. This is confirmed by the letter of Dr. Garrett Anderson in the British Medical Journal. This question of the last stronghold of human individual right against the expert, plus public opinion, is the most vital of all those which have arisen as side issues of the suffrage controversy, and is the one of all others on which The Freewoman should sound a clear, prophetic note. The day of priestly tyranny is past, the day of medical tyranny is dawning. When people believed in the theological expert, who knew the only road to heaven, to resist him was to demand the right to go to hell. Religious freedom, we call it now. Our fathers won that right not to be saved by enduring death by torture—and what won it for them then was, that the baffled priest had to admit that, after all, he could not save his victim's soul, and the torture was wasted. The analogy is obvious, and I much fear that nothing less than death by torture will finally establish the individual's right to die. The rest of Mr. Norman's letter has very little bearing on the question of forcible feeding, but some of his statements are so extraordinary that I cannot refrain from asking what they mean. "No majority of the House of Commons has ever voted for woman suffrage." What does it mean? Was the Conciliation Bill not woman suffrage? "So [far as I can judge, a vote of adult men and women would result in an overwhelming defeat." The suffrage societies have taken great pains to test this question, and have come to an opposite conclusion. Obviously there can be no certitude; but would Mr. Norman maintain that a vote of adult men and women would give a majority for a Manhood Suffrage Bill? I think not. It is the belief of Suffragists that they have long had the majority of the country with them, and that they have been defeated, not in fair fight, but by using the forms of the House, by cajolery and trickery, and by a conspiracy of silence on the part of the Press, and that these methods are used by the few for motives which they would not care to make known. This belief justifies some impatience, and makes disorder inevitable. "Mrs. Pankhurst and the Pethick Lawrences, on giving certain undertakings, were transferred to the first division. .. the rank and file had given no such undertakings such as had been asked from the leaders." Mr. Norman is misinformed. The leaders did not give the undertaking required; they simply reaffirmed the statement made both before and after conviction, that they could not direct the suffrage movement from prison—an obvious fact. Therefore it was not as a result of any undertaking that they were transferred to the first division. Therefore the rank and file were entitled to at least equal treatment. If the Government are right in refusing first division treatment to the English Suffragists,they must be very wrong in giving it to the Irish Suffragists. This is not simple justice, but complicated injustice. In another paragraph Mr. Norman argues that if the women were released they would be worse off, because "unauthorised punishment would be inflicted by indignant people." I hardly think this can be seriously meant. A woman, after a prolonged hunger strike, is released because she has become dangerously weak. Does Mr. Norman really imagine that the outraged tradesman whose window she smashed, or the director of the insurance company who paid for it, will lie in wait for her at the prison gate and proceed to destroy the little life that is left in her? If, on the other hand, Mr. Norman means that more suffrage meetings would be broken up by mobs, this is to let the mob dictate to the Government on a matter of justice. In any case, the argument is immoral. The bill "Torture: By Order of the Home Secretary" is not political agitation and it is hot blackguardism; it is a bare statement of fact. "Neither Mr. Asquith, nor any man of like character, can strike back at a woman who is assaulting him." He both can and does. Mr. Asquith spoilt his cocked hat by striking at the woman who "assaulted" him by taking a firm grip of his sleeve whilst she spoke to him. At Lady Glenconner's affair one woman and two men "assaulted" Mr. Asquith, but it was only the woman who was thrown down the stairs. Finally, there is the suggestion of insincerity. Has excess of zeal never before injured a cause that we must seek in base motives the explanation of impolitic action? Does the imputation really explain anything? On the contrary, it makes the militant a greater puzzle than before. Granting that the last militant action was impolitic (although there may be two opinions about that), it yet certainly does appear that previous militant action did advance the cause. At any rate, militants got no encouragement during the long truce to continue it. That women who have suffered intensely in those militant actions, always with an immediate result of an increased antagonism, 'followed by an apparent advance for the cause, should become fanatical in the pursuit of a method which costs them so much, and continue it beyond the point that serves their purpose, is not only quite intelligible, it is what happens in all agitations. I read in Bolton King's Life of Mazzini: "After this date Mazzini's political efforts only served to injure his country," or words to that effect. Do we therefore conclude that Mazzini was either a fool or a knave? But to pretend that these women are wearing out their lives and enduring all this torture and humiliation, with a lie on their lips and some miserable, money-grubbing motive in their hearts, is to imagine a new kind of human being. These insinuations are as silly as they are detestable. If it is true that militant action is wrecking the cause, then it is the constitutional Suffragist who is really the injured party, far more than the tradesman whose windows are broken, or the Cabinet Minister who, walls of police notwithstanding, suffers "persecution" by being spoken to by women. It is because I am a non-militant Suffragist that I feel it necessary to write this. © © © Maud Slater. Madam,—Mr. Norman's defence of Mr. McKenna is just as feeble as Mr. McKenna's defence of himself. Both gentlemen refuse to discuss the point at issue. According to Mr. Norman, Mrs. Pankhurst and Mr. and Mrs. Pethick Lawrence, on giving certain undertakings, were transferred to the first division, while the rank and file had given no such undertakings. But the rank and file had not given the undertakings because they had not been asked to give them. I should like Mr. Norman to say if he thinks it right that the rank and file prisoners had not the opportunity of giving the same undertakings as their leaders. July 7th, 1912. A. M. Bain. © © © "THE IDEA OF GOD." Madam,—It may be my material mind which fails to follow the higher flight of your spirituality, but is not your article (in conjunction with many others by eminent divines) merely clothing a very simple idea in vestments of abstruse mysticism? Christ taught the power of love. His Gospel is contained in these three words, "God is Love"; in other words, the spirit of love in man is God. His doctrine was in absolute opposition to that of the Jews, the chief characteristic of whose tribal God, Jehovah, was that of Hate. To the fact that orthodox religion of the present day is still a curious jumble of the two, we owe most of our social evils, including war. Perhaps, when we can expunge the Old Testament from our Christian ethics, and stick to the gospel of love, we, too, shall arrive. In the meantime, is it not a pity, in a sensible paper like The Freewoman, to indulge in the same sort of jargon with which the priests have contrived to obscure those simple, homely teachings of a beautiful historical character? M. Small. June 30th, 1912. [It may be a materiality of mind, or it may be a deficiency of concentrated attention, or, again, it may be an obsession created by foregone conclusions and notions concerning priests, which prevents our correspondent from realising that the article to which he refers contains the germs of a philosophy which will make all the difference in our grasp of the meaning of life. It was not an ordinary article; it was an extraordinary one, sufficiently so to mark off the end of one thought epoch and the beginning of another. We advise our correspondent, though he should lose and forget all other articles which have appeared in The Freewoman, to keep hold of that one. It means something absolutely. Others have relative meanings. No, God is not Love, any more than the chisel in the hand of the sculptor is a finished statue. Love is not an end—it is a means. The Gospel of Christ is that a man became God, and that men can become Immortal, a gospel about as homely as the lights which play over Arctic seas. Christ is the most aloof figure in the world, and His Gospel, we would suggest, was bought at the cost of rather more sweat of thought than phrases about "those simple, homely teachings of a beautiful historical character" would lead one to imagine.—Ed.] © © © THE YOSHIWARA CONTROVERSY. Madam,—May I join myself with Mr. Rubinstein in informing Miss Skovgaard-Pedersen that I also am not as ignorant as she supposes? She thinks that, had I lived for any considerable time in a country where prostitution is a State-protected institution, I would not have written as I did. May I inform her that I have done so, am now doing so, have read Forel, have heard of all such things as she wrote, investigated them, found some true, and others mere excuses of wanton and feeble women? Finally, may I tell her that my article did not compare the two methods, of which she has knowledge, namely, the English and Continental, but the English and Con- THE FREEWOMAN NOTICES and TERMS OF SUBSCRIPTION EDITORIAL Letters, etc., intended for the Editor should be addressed: 9, John Street, Adelphi, London, W.C. Telegrams to address below. PUBLICATION All business communications relative to the publication of THE FREEWOMAN should be addressed, and all cheques, postal and money orders, etc., made payable to the Publishers, STEPHEN SWIFT and CO.. LTD.. 16, King Street, Covent Garden, London, W.C. Telegrams to "Lumenifer, London." Terms of Subscription :—Yearly, 14s.; Six Months, 7s.; Three Months, 3s. 6d.; to any address in the Postal Union. ADVERTISEMENTS All orders, letters, etc., concerning advertisements should be addressed to the Manager, THE FREEWOMAN 16, King Street, Covent Garden, London, W.C. tinental combined under the title of European with the Japanese? Therefore, if she desires to hear whether other medical men agree with me, let her first use her best endeavours to discover what is the question at issue. G. T. Wrench. © © © SELF-ABUSE AND INSANITY. Madam,— Has your correspondent considered the innumerable cases in which self-abuse has led to insanity? It may be that "it is better in some ways than any form of prostitution," but we have yet to learn that the latter leads to mania. I agree with and admire the remark that "it strikes even men as degrading." It may be for them a transient iniquity, but we want medical testimony that the immunity from mental and bodily aberration, which the words of your correspondent imply, would result from this practice. P. T. T. July 6th, 1912. © © © QUESTIONS ON SEX OPPRESSION. Madam,—As I am not able to attend the further discussion on "Sex Oppression and the Way Out," I should like to ask Mr. Guy Aldred a few questions which have occurred to me, in thinking over his very able statement in the last Discussion Circle. 1. For a woman to be economically independent, does Mr. Aldred mean her to be self-supporting? 2. Will not the child be dependent on the mother for its sole support, seeing there will be no laws in the new state of society to compel the father to contribute to his child's support ? 3. Will not Sex Oppression weigh very heavily on a woman of large sexual appetite, as, without neo-Mal-thusian practices (which ,Mr. Aldred condemns), there is the probability of her having a child every year? Consequently, if the woman is to remain self-supporting she must be celibate. 4. Does he think State endowment of motherhood would be the way out in such a case? 5. Am I right in supposing that he considers the intellectual woman to have less sexual instinct than the average woman ? July 4th, 1912. Bessie Heyes. [These questions, along with others, Mr. Aldred will have the opportunity of answering in next week's issue.— Ed.] © © © A WOMAN'S POINT OF VIEW. Madam,—I was much interested in Mr. Fletcher Woods' plea for marriage reform. The case was admirably put from the man's point of view. Will you permit me to say a few words from the woman's point of view, which, and I am sure Mr. Woods will agree, is equally as important as the man's? I am interested in all reforms. In a society where ideas and conditions are always changing there must be a continual need for reform, but a reform which would introduce into this country, as in India, the appalling evil and tragedy of child marriages cannot have my support, or the support of any person who is not obsessed by sex. Mr. Woods, I believe, is opposed to any self-restraint in sex matters in men and boys; he would have them indulge in sexual intercourse directly they experience sex-feeling—hence his plea for child marriages. I say child marriages advisedly, because I understand that boys experience sex-feeling at about fourteen or fifteen years of age. I gather from his article, and from a rather extensive correspondence with him on the subject, that Mr. Woods would so reform the marriage system that boys of the above-mentioned early years would be permitted, indeed encouraged, to form a sexual alliance with the first girl who could be persuaded to consent. Before I pass on, and lest I forget, I would ask your readers to calmly consider the future of the race if our men and women of the future are to be born of such immature parents. But I must give my friend credit for the fact that he hopes and desires that these child marriages, which he advocates so ardently, would not result in offspring until the girl wife and boy husband were more mature; but, unfortunately, he has no ground on which to build that hope. What reason is there to suppose that a boy whose marriage was smiled on and approved of by society, and who, moreover, was not compelled to make a home for, or with his young wife, would take any precautions against children, whom doubtless Mr. Woods would have the State support? Figures concerning illegitimacy are surely enough to prove the indifference of men to the result of the sex act. Mr. Woods offers child marriage as a cure for prostitution, but I very much fear that the effects of the "cure" would be worse than the disease. My friend has overlooked or ignored many important facts in his new marriage scheme. He tells us that there exists a genuine demand for sexual intercourse in youth (male youth, I would add), and one of the important facts which he has overlooked or ignored is that, though there may exist in men and boys this sexual demand, there does not exist anything like a corresponding demand in girls and women. If I may give my own experience (which corresponds with that of most girls whom I have known), I had no serious desire to marry until I was twenty-three, when I fell in love. Until this time, in sentimental moments I liked to dream about wifehood and motherhood, but I liked to contemplate them as I did heaven, as joys which awaited me in the very far future. I protest with all my might against this cold-blooded attempt to rob our girls of their natural right, their girlhood, and to inflict on them wifehood and motherhood before they fully realise their meaning and responsibility. I contend that wifehood and motherhood are not the business of young girls; it is the business of willing women—neither is fatherhood the business of irresponsible boys. Boys should be playing football and cricket, etc., and should leave fatherhood alone until they are mature in body and character, and until they meet women who are equally mature, with whom they can enjoy spiritual and intellectual comradeship, as well as sexual intercourse. As an idealist, I am absolutely opposed to marriages for sexual intercourse only; their influence and effect would be too degrading and too demoralising—no fine feeling could possibly survive such a union. In conclusion, I should like to ask Mr. Woods, Whom I have always regarded as something of a Freeman, and as a believer in the freedom of women, the reason for his strange and very inconsistent desire for the legal tie in marriage. Is it that he realises, as I do, that under this child marriage system there would be numbers of young girls, who knew nothing and cared less about sex matters, who would in a silly moment be lured into a marriage which they would regret almost as soon as their bodies had become the legal property of some man or boy? Is it that he realises the probability of these child wives becoming tired of marriage and child-bearing and longing to be free, and to be girls again? I trust this is not his reason; it would be too contemptible and too cowardly. I should, however, be glad to know his reason for so earnestly desiring to bind human beings with these inhuman and degrading chains—chains which, by the way, would never bind me. This immoral legal binding in marriage is one of the chief evils which surely Freewomen would abolish. We will have no compulsion or coercion in marriage; we will have no tie but the tie of mutual attraction and mutual desire. Personally, I regard rape as a far worse evil than prostitution. But I am loth to reject altogether a case so well stated as Mr. Woods' proposed marriage reform, but, honestly, I cannot contemplate child marriage as a step in the right direction. The most serious argument against this proposal, apart from the welfare of the race, is, as I mentioned previously, that there exists a rooted objection in girls to assuming too early the burden and responsibility of wifehood and motherhood. This objection, of course, might be overcome or subdued. The riveting and narrowing of girls' minds and thoughts to sex from earliest training might help to remove this objection; or, better still, we might instil into the education of girls that the earlier they marry the greater their reward in heaven, and an awful fate might be held up for all who refused to marry. It might be useful and beneficial to have Luther's dictum writ large in every girl's schoolroom and bedroom, "If a woman becomes weary or at last dead from bearing, it matters not; let her only die from bearing, she is here to do it." The cure, and the only cure for prostitution is as simple as the alphabet to those who know it. It is simply economic independence for women, and self-restraint in sex matters for men. Kathlyn Oliver. July 6th, 1912. © © © MARRIAGE REFORM. Madam,—The readers of your journal will hail with much satisfaction the article in your current issue on "A Plea for Marriage Reform," with its true and comforting remark: "The real drawbacks connected with marriage are (I submit) all remedial." Surely they are. The remedy suggested brings with it the probability of rivalling much to which the unlimited unions owe great part of their charm. To be "married lovers" is a state which few can compass with any certainty of duration. The fact of having separate abodes and occupations in the early part of married life would carry with it the sweet secrecy and security so difficult to find in usual early married life, in which all from the 'beginning is at the mercy of spectators, be they never so nearly allied or affectionate. To dwell on the coarse investigation and speculation to which usual "honeymoon" victims are subject would be to air a grievance in many cases too painful for allusion. A Protestant. July 6th, 1912. © © © THE CHILDREN OF THE STATE. Madam,—Hardly a week passes without comments from the press on "Race Suicide," or the falling birthrate. Yet a clear remedy lies in the hands of the State, a remedy which, treated scientifically, must make for good in every direction. What observant onlooker can fail to see the signs of thwarted motherhood plainly written on the faces and in the lives of thousands of unmarried women, women to whom matrimony fails to appeal, and yet who long for motherhood. Women of absolutely pure thoughts and lives, but who are yet denied the love and consolation of offspring. Surely God never intended that the married women should be the only mothers—the married who so often fail in their duties and responsibilities, and thwart nature for their own vain and selfish ends, even though no lack of means stands in the way of producing and bringing up a family. Unfortunately, it is usually those blessed with this world's goods who limit the numbers, those moderately off or very poor seeming perfectly irresponsible and careless in the matter, producing numbers of children whom they can neither feed, clothe, educate, nor provide with any prospect of happiness whatever, and who are simply starved body and soul for lack of care, comfort, or means provided by parents; these in their turn producing a race of physical and mental degenerates. Now the women to whom should be accorded the good gift of maternity should be those with time, means, and intellect above the average. They must be mated with those in every way their equals, and of clean constitution and fine physique, so that the health and strength of the coming generation should be assured, the whole matter to be arranged officially by the Government of the country to which the women belong, the children so born to be legalised and legitimatised as "Children of the State," and to inherit the name and property of the mother. The men need to have no more to do with the matter than the drones in a hive; after all, man is but the fertiliser, woman carries out the whole business of reproduction, and bears all the pain and trouble, and for it gives in many cases not only her health, but her life. Far better she should do this, if needs be, for her country than for the individual, who, as often as not, is utterly unworthy of such devotion, and has not even the grace to be faithful to the woman to whom he has sworn the oath of fealty. The children produced by unmarried women for the State would have the mother's undivided attention, care and love, and would be the finest asset of a country—the boys trained for army, navy, or marines, and the girls to take up the higher intellectual walks of life when capable, or of commonplace domesticity when only blessed with moderate brains, common sense, and an inherited high ideal of duty. Once the matter was recognised and legalised, there would be no difficulty in arranging for the offices of State Fertilisers, and it might help to solve one of the questions of the day, making a country in every way a cleaner and better place to live in. While human nature is human nature, men, at any rate, will never remain virgins, and by the means suggested untold misery to women would be averted,—not only the present degradation of the many, which is a known and acknowledged fact, but the unacknowledged baseness of men too selfish to marry, which is less uncommon than the generality of people suspect, and which leads to heartbreak, misery and endless regret. Richard Tayleur. © © © CHAMPIONS OF MORALITY. Madam,—Mr. H. C. Norman regrets that the Home Secretary and his predecessors refused to appoint a Royal Commission to inquire into the causes of prostitution, THE MAN OF MYSTERY. MR. SPENCER-WALLIS, admittedly the greatest Psychic of the day, is said to have over 20,000 adherents, and his remarkable course on Personal Magnetism is creating a deep impression in thinking circles. He will devote the next ten days to advising, FREE of charge, readers of "Freewoman" interested in psychology. All London is marvelling at a man whose miraculous penetration is such that, given four or five lines of a person's ordinary handwriting, he seems to know that man or woman better than they do themselves. To-day he places his astounding gift at your disposal without exacting any fee, and if you bear in mind how absolutely vital it is for your FATE, FORTUNE, FUTURE. that you should gain the wonderful knowledge of your hidden possibilities, you will avail yourself without delay of this generous offer made for the benefit of Freewoman readers. Hundreds owe their happiness and success to Mr. Spencer-Wallis's advice and guidance; he is constantly consulted by ladies and gentlemen in high society. REMARKABLE EVIDENCE. Blackburn. Dear Sir,—I have studied well your Analysis of my Character, and I do really believe that you are perfectly correct. I should indeed like to strengthen these weaknesses which you have pointed out. Thanking you for kindness. —I remain, yours very sincerely, E. H. Glasgow. Dear Mr. Spencer-Wallis,—In reply to your letter concerning my Character Study, I must say you have told me the truth in every detail of your study. I seem to have changed for the good since I consulted you.—Yours truly, R. B. Limerick. Dear Mr. Wallis,—I am in receipt of yours, enclosing the free Character Analysis, which has taken me completely by surprise, as one would think you knew me all my lifetime.—Yours very sincerely, T. H. B. London, Dear Sir,—I have received the Character Study, which I think very wonderful. I would not have believed it possible that anyone that had not come into personal contact with me could have told me so truly about my own characteristics.—Yours sincerely, E. S. F. Tunbridge Wells. Dear Mr. Wallis,—Thank you for the Character Study received last week. It shows much that I was only partly con-cious of before in myself, and I think you have given me a wonderfully true study in many ways.—Yours very truly, W. H. A GENEROUS CONCESSION. Mr. Spencer-Wallis has offered to forego his usual fee of one guinea, and help all those who consult him in answer to this article free of charge. Those who can afford, and wish to, may enclose five penny stamps to cover secretarial expenses. All you have to do is to send either photograph or specimen of handwriting—both if you wish. Just keep to your ordinary style of writing in order to ensure a true delineation. Address your application (fully signed, with addressed return envelope enclosed, and five penny stamps) to Mr. Spencer-Wallis, 112, Douglas Rooms, 31-32, Maiden Lane, London, W.C. HIS LATEST WORK. Apart from the free advice, Mr. Spencer-Wallis will present a complimentary copy of his latest work, the "Scientific Elimination of Failure," to all those who write to him within ten days. It must be strictly understood, however, that those who write later are not entitled to this additional present. etc. May I suggest that THE Freewoman offers a Public Commission, and that a strong committee be at once got together for the purpose of appointing members of the Commission; that the Commission be public, and that it sit daily and collect evidence from all possible sources, and at the conclusion of its sittings issue a report ? I think it would be a splendid achievement, and doubtless upset many of the drones and Grundys and prigs who constitute themselves the " Champions of Morality." Gladys Elmore. THE STRAND STATUES. Madam,—Some of us remember the artificial crusade organised by the National Vigilance Association in regard to what was known as "the Strand Statues "—pieces of beautiful work in the nude of perfect men and women. Arising out of this, may I very reverently inquire whether it was God or the Devil who made the human race, and ,gave it organs of reproduction? If it were God, what is there disgusting in His work? Does not the agitation against the nude, that is, against God's creation, exhibit the grossest ignorance on the part of those men and women who make their living out of artificial agitations of this kind, and trade on the poverty of knowledge of innocent old ladies? What became of the many hundreds of pounds which were collected at the time of the Strand statue agitation? It would be interesting to know. MlLLICENT BLACKMORE. FOODS, INDIGESTION, AND PHILOSOPHY. Madam,—The letter from George Frankland, published in your issue of July 4th, on "Life on Simple Eines" is very suggestive in many points; but when one comes to consider his views on the food question, one cannot help smiling at his lack of knowledge of food values. The sample "ideal" diet of which he speaks is absolutely absurd. Porridge is really the worst thing to eat for people leading a sedentary life; the "sloppiness" of porridge prevents it from being properly chewed and insalivated—which is essential with starchy foods—and tea makes things all the worse, as it still further hinders digestion. The addition of toast, butter, and marmalade (with its large contents of artificial sugar) does not improve very much the breakfast in question. To eat soup at the beginning of a meal is another mistake, for it thins the gastric juices that are necessary for the proper digestion of food. "Plainly cooked" vegetables (by which the writer probably means vegetables cooked in salt water and drained) are the best means of producing flatulence and indigestion, besides being of little food value, having lost most of their valuable mineral salts in the cooking process described above. As to custards and blanc-manges, the same may be said as of porridge and all starch foods. Then we find mentioned melted cheese, cakes, jams, and while bread! I should advise George Frankland to read every month that bright little review, the Healthy Life, where he will find plenty of information about a simple and really healthy diet. And then, may I ask, Why cook at all? Why waste so much time in this drudgery? The abolition of cooking will solve the servants' problem half-way, if not further. It is becoming quite common knowledge that an uncooked diet is the healthiest for most people. Salads made of green and root vegetables, fresh and dry fruit, flaked and toasted cereals, nuts and oils or nut butter, wholemeal biscuits, and, if one likes, milk, cheese, and eggs are most easily and quickly "prepared," if they need any preparation at all, and the cooking-stove can be given a perpetual holiday. Not only this, but if uncooked foods are properly chewed and insalivated, they will never produce indigestion, this most common of " modern " complaint, from which half the civilised world suffers. And may I venture to say that, with the disappearance LADIES BLANCH ARD'S APIOL and STEEL PILLS Are unrivalled for all Female Ailments, and, they speedily afford relief and never fail to alleviate the suffering. 'BLANCHARD'S are the Best of all Pills for Women.' 1/1£perbox, of BOOTS' and all Chemists; or post free from LESLIE MARTYN, Ltd., 34, Dalston Lane, LONDON of indigestion, we may expect to see some clearer, brighterr and sounder thinking, that we shall be spared many of the absurdities which to-day find their way into newspapers like the Times or the Daily Express, or into books like W. H. Mallock on political economy or writings on State Socialism? It was Nietzsche, I think, who said that German philosophy has been but one long story of indigestion. The same might be said of most other "civilised''' philosophies. Hugo Dick. A NOM DE PLUME. Madam,—May I publicly state that I am the author of the five letters which have appeared in your columns over the signature "A New Subscriber," that I accept full responsibility for the statements made in those letters, and the opinions expressed on certain topics; and that in future I shall sign all my letters to The Freewoman with my own name? F. W. STELLA BROWNE. July 4th, 1912. THE PENAL REFORM LEAGUE. The Committee of the Penal Reform League ask us to give space to the following memorandum on the Criminal Law Amendment (White Slave Traffic) Bill: — "In the first place we wish to dissociate ourselves from any attempt to impugn the motives either of those who support this Bill or of those who oppose it. We want, as far as possible, to avoid controversy and to secure the cooperation of all women and men of goodwill in combating prostitution, and especially in attacking its causes. "Prostitution, like other things, depends on demand and supply. The demand is created by the ill-regulated lives of men, and furthered by the unneighbourliness of large towns, where the ordinary social restraints are in abeyance. The supply arises out of the same causes acting on girls and women, added to poverty and the dreariness of their lives. So long as these main causes continue there must be prostitutes, and they must lodge somewhere. By harrying them from one place of lodging to another we may render their lot harder and drive the traffickers to deeper subterfuges, but we cannot expect by such means to put down the traffic. "It certainly does seem urgent that there should be some more effective means of getting hold of 'procurers' and persons who live on the earnings of the prostitution of others. For this purpose it may be necessary to give the police powers of arrest of persons suspected of such practices similar to the powers they have with regard to persons suspected of lesser offences; but the investigation into the charges and into the antecedents and character of the person arrested should not be left in the hands of the police. This should be entrusted to trained investigators (such as probation officers), not specially appointed for the purpose, but quite unconnected with the prosecution. Moreover, when a person is once caught and convicted of such an offence as being concerned in the 'procuring' of a girl or a woman, of any age, for immoral purposes, then surely, in the name of commonsense, such a person should be kept under training or supervision until there is some guarantee that he or she will not repeat the evil practice. "An undesirable feature of this Bill is that it extends the power of whipping. It thus enlists a good or plausible motive in favour of the perpetration and extension of an objectionable and stupid penalty, which ought to be excluded from the scope of the Bill. "We would urge that section 4, sub-section (a), be omitted, and that an amendment be introduced abolishing solicitation as a crime, so that such offences should, where necessary, be dealt with under the law against molestation. "While, therefore, we are not enthusiastic supporters of this Bill as it stands, we have no wish to be obstructive, and are willing to co-operate with anyone—nay, we entreat co-operation—for the furtherance of such measures as the following: — "1. Power of arrest without warrant of anyone suspected of 'procuring' or attempting to ' procure ' any person for immoral purposes; provided that an investigation into the cases of all accused persons be undertaken by investigators of acknowledged competence (probably probation officers) quite unconnected with the police or prosecution. "2. Detention or supervision of persons convicted of 'procuring,' etc., until there is sufficient guarantee that the offence will not be repeated. "3. A special court for the trial and protection of women, with women police, probation officers, etc., women's remand homes, hospitals, industrial farms, out-patient and after-care arrangements according to schemes which we are prepared to submit. "But these should be accompanied by the following: — "4. A careful inquiry into wages and opportunities of recreation, with a view to arriving at a knowledge of the conditions necessary for securing health and wholesome variety in the lives of all workers, and to putting such knowledge into effect. "5. The provision of a training for all our boys and girls calculated to foster their all-round growth, in body, mind, and character under proper guidance, so that when they arrive at adolescence they shall not be at the mercy of unruly passions and temptations, and shall know how to work efficiently and enjoy themselves in a wholesome way. "6. The promotion of one standard of morality for men and women. "7. A carefully planned campaign against venereal diseases, alcoholism, etc., for the training and instruction of mothers and fathers, and for the special care of mothers for a reasonable period before and after child-birth, and of young children. "On behalf of the Executive Committee, "W. F. Cobb, D.D., Chairman. "Arthur St. John, Hon. Secretary, Penal Reform League. " I, Harrington Square, London, N.W., June, 1912. © © ® INTERNATIONAL SUFFRAGE CONGRESS. Madam,—We beg to enclose herewith material concerning the seventh International Woman Suffrage Congress to be held in Budapest, June i5th-2oth, 1913. As the term of our Congress is approaching, we think it advisable to start the international preparations. We conclude out of the many inquiries that our informations in Jus Suffragii have not been followed closely, and we beg, therefore, to repeat the most important items: — Directions. The Congress will be held from June 15th till June 20th, i9i3- Cable Address: Suffragium, Budapest. General Address: Congressbureau, VII. Istvân ut 67, Budapest. Informations. All persons meeting in Congress will enjoy the following reductions on the railway or steamship: Second-class ticket will allow first class, and third-class tickets entitle to travel second-class. These facilities have been specially granted by the Minister of Commerce and the different railroad and steamboat companies. A number of tickets will be issued free of charge to journalists. Contributions to our Congress fund are collected not only by the members of our organisation, but also in the widest circles of the Hungarian society. The City of Budapest contributed 5,000 kronen to our fund, and will issue an illustrated album in order to make those attending our Congress more familiar with Hungary and its people. A number of these albums will be out of print within a short time, and we shall take pleasure of forwarding some to the headquarters of the different countries, with the request kindly to distribute them among persons intending to attend our Congress. Unofficially we are informed that the Capital City of Budapest intends also to arrange a reception to welcome our guests. We beg to give note of the following incident: When the Town Council was considering the contribution one of the Councillors most vehemently objected that the City of Budapest should neither financially nor morally support the Congress and show any sympathy with the "window-smashing Suffragettes," which he said is beneath the dignity of the city. The arguments of this gentleman were at once severely rebuked by other Councillors, amongst whom were two Members of Parliament and a Professor on the Technology of Budapest (the latter is the vice-president of the Men's League for Woman Suffrage), and finally by the Lord Mayor of the city, Dr. Stephen von Barczy, who is an ardent supporter of our cause, and who said that he will be most happy to welcome the Congress in Budapest, because this movement must be promoted by all just men, and that the righteousness of the cause is affirmed by the intellectual élite of the civilised world which is connected with the movement. After this the amount unanimously wasgranted. Our Committee "of Finances, under the presidency of Countess Haller, applied to all City and County Councils of Hungary for contributions for our Congress fund, and we are pleased to note that some of the counties and cities have already granted a contribution, whereas others promised to consider our request. We received, amongst others, 1,500 kronen from the Minister of Commerce, and expect also a contribution towards the propaganda funds from the Minister of Agriculture. Our Committee of Artists offered an artistic poster, which we shall have affixed in all travelling offices and hotels of the world. We shall send a great many of them to the headquarters of the societies and corporations for woman suffrage in the world, with a request to distribute them when agitating for the Congress. Countess Iska Teleki, president of the Executive Committee, is about to write a report of Hungary, which we shall send to every affiliated country, together with a set of sidelight pictures, with a request that all the branch associations make this report the theme of lectures in the interest of our agitation. We are communicating with the railway companies of tho foreign countries in order to obtain a reduction of the regular fare for the benefit of our Congress delegates. Mrs. Chapman Catt informs us that there is every possibility that delegates from India, Egypt, and Burmah will attend the Congress. The Hungarian Men's League for Woman Suffrage have decided to invite the Men's International League for Woman Suffrage to have its first general meeting at the same time when our Congress is in session in Budapest. Our sub-committees are eager to make the Hungarian members of the Congress acquainted with the official languages to be used at the Conference. Care will be also taken that guides and interpreters of all languages of the countries represented shall be available. We have received already invitations to be present at à number of festivals and pleasure trips. The Austrian Committee for Women Suffrage decided to arrange the contemplated great international meeting before the Congress in Budapest starts. Mrs. Chapman Catt has sent circulars from Java via New York, stating the working programme of the Congress, and we trust these circulars will be received in due time. Our Executive Committee is working with all its power to make the Budapest Congress a great success for our international cause. The list of our Executive Committee is the following: — President :—Countess Iska Teleki. Co-Presidents :—Dr. Gustav Dirner, Vilma Glücklich, Countess Ilona Haller, Dr. Desider Markus, Rosika Schwimmer. General Secretary:—Paula Pogâny. Treasurer :—Jane Dirnfeld. Auditor :—Mrs. Ida de Molnâr. Ree. Secretaries :—Dr. Maximilan Râcz, Adele Spädy, Mrs. Sidonie Szegvâri. Members:—Dr. Aranka Bâlint, Hilda Behr, Mrs. Gisella de Békâssy, Gyöngyi de Békâssy, Mrs. Berta Engel, Jane Gergely, Mrs. Jane de Lânczy, Mrs. Eugenie Meller-Miskolczy, Countess Mikes, Countess Katinka Pejacsevich, Franciska Schwimmer, Mrs. Ida Seenger, Dr. Charlotte Steinberger, Mrs. Irma de Szirmay, Mrs. Olga Ungar, Sidonie Willhelm. A number of sub-committee members are entrusted with the preparations of the different detail work. Rosika Schwimmer. A BOOK FOR MARRIED WOMEN. By DR. ALLINSON. The information contained in this book ought to be known by every married woman, and it will not harm the unmarried to read. The book is conveniently divided into twelve chapters. The first chapter treats of the changes of puberty, or when a girl becomes a woman. The second chapter treats of marriage from a doctor's standpoint; points out the best ages for marriage, and who should have children and who not, and furnishes useful information that one can ordinarily get only from an intelligent doctor. The third chapter treats of the marriage of blood relations; and condemns such marriages as a rule. Chapter four treats of the signs of pregnancy. The fifth chapter tells how a woman should live during the pregnant state. The sixth chapter treats of mishaps and how to avoid them. The seventh chapter treats of material im-pressions, and shows that birth marks are not due to longings on the part of the mother, but rather to her poor health. The eighth chapter teaches how to have easy confinements. Certain people believe that women should bring forth in pain and trouble, but the hygienic physician says that confinements can be made comparatively easy if certain rules are obeyed; these rules are given. The ninth chapter treats of the proper management of confinements until the baby is born. The tenth chapter tells how to treat the mother until she is up and about again. The eleventh chapter treats of sterility; gives the main causes of it, how these may be overcome and children result. The last chapter treats of the "change," a most important article for all women over forty. The book is full of useful information, and no book is written which goes so thoroughly into matters relating to married women. Some may think too much is told; such can scarcely be the case, for knowledge is power and the means of attaining happiness. The book can be had in an envelope from Dr. T. R. Allinson. 381, Room, 4, Spanish Place. Manchester Square, London, W., in return for a Postal Order for 1s. 2d. From STEPHEN SWIFTS LIST. TRIPOLI AND YOUNG ITALY By CHARLES LAP WORTH in collaboration with HELEN ZIMMERN. Fully Illustrated. 10s. 6d. net. A large order for copies of "tripoli and young italy " has been received from the ITALIAN GOVERNMENT that it may distribute them among its Embassies and Consulates. The Italian Prime Minister has written officially to the author expressing his congratulations and thanks for a book which he describes as " a veritable act of homage to the truth ... a book which will make all fair-minded people realise the sincerity and righteousness of the new manifestation of vitality on the part of the Italian Nation." IN DEFENCE OF AMERICA: For the Enlightenment of John Bull By BARON VON TAUBE. 5s. net. " Baron von Taube has the faculty of keen observation, not altogether superficial, and the rare gift of expressing his conclusions convincingly and with the saving grace of humour."—Literary World. "Tactful and interesting eulogy of the United States takes a form which makes it peculiarly effective."—Scotsman. FROM THEATRE TO MUSIC HALL By W. R. TITTERTON. 3s. 6d. net. "flow admirably he describes and analyses the work of many of the actors and dancers of the day. The book is certainly quite a brilliant picture of its side of London life, and to say that it does not contain a dull page underrates badly its extraordinary vivacity."—Observer. "A most vivacious volume ... a second edition of the book which seems sure to be called for."—Pall Mall Gazette. READY SHORTLY THE DOCTOR AND HIS WORK. With a Hint of his Destiny and Ideals. By CHARLES J. WHITBY, md. 3s. 6d. net. In this book the author has reviewed the existing position of the doctor and indicated the signs of a new sociological era in which he will be called upon to accept new and important functions. THE CONSUMER IN REVOLT By Mrs. BILLINGTON-GREIG. Is. net. The author claims that there will be no satisfactory solution of the present industrial unrest until labour has won the assistance of the consumers. Alone the worker has never been able to advance against the hosts of monopoly; alone the consumer has been the impotent victim of the profiteer. These two, the consumer and worker, she claims, are the only essential economic elements, and together they are capable of entirely reconstructing the economic world. OFF BEATEN TRACKS IN BRITTANY By EMIL DAVIES. Crown 8vo, cloth, 7s. 6d. net. "Should be read with equal pleasure by readers curious about Brittany and by those who wish to be entertained by sharing the enjoyment of a skilful holiday maker."—Scotsman. " A good deal of brightness in the narrative."—Observer. ENGLISH LITERATURE, 1880-1905: Pater, Wilde, and After By J. M. KENNEDY. Demy 8vo, cloth, 7s. 6d. net. Mr. Kennedy has written the first history of the dynamic movement in English literature between 1880 and 1905. LA LITTÉRATURE ET LES IDÉES NOUVELLES By ALEXANDRE MERCEREAU. 3s. net. "J'insiste, dans tous les domaines de l'activité intellectuelles le dernier quart de siècle peut comter parmi les plus glorieuses, les plus riches, les plus sublimes de tous les temps." LEAVES OF PROSE By ANNIE MATHESON. 5s. net. "Shows literary urbanity, allusiveness, and knowledge."—Athenäum. "The essays include many admirable studies upon the works of great writers."—Sphere. SIX-SHILLING FICTION SHADOWS OUT OF THE CROWD By RICHARD CURLE "Mr. Curie gives satisfying evidence of a gift of psychological analysis of an unusual order."—Nation. AN EXCELLENT MYSTERY By COUNTESS RUSSELL "Undoubted vividness and freshness."—Morning Leader. THE CONSIDINE LUCK By H. A. HINCKSON " A grace and sureness of touch which are captivating."—Pall Mall Gazette. Published by STEPHEN SWIFT and COMPANY, LTD,, at 16, King Street, Covent Garden. Printed by Hasell Watson and Vinby, Ld., 4-8, Kirby Street. Hatton Garden, London, E.C: and Published weekly for the Proprietors at the Office, 16, King Street, Covent Garden. London. W.C.