Others , made OTHERS A MAGAZINE  of the NEW VERSE JULY 1915 EDITED BY ALFRED KREYMBORG 15 cents a copy GRANTWOOD,  N. J. $1.50 per year ####OTHERS MARY CAROLYN DAVIES MINA LOY ORRICK JOHNS HORACE HOLLEY ALFRED KREYMBORG Vol. I   No. I ##Copyright,   1915 by Alfred Kreymborg Grantwood, N. J. PS301.08 V I, no. 1 ##mary  carolyn  davies 3 SONGS OF A GIRL I There is a morning standing at my window, looking into my room, and saying : "What will you do with me? I am your slave I will bring to you whatever you wish Only tell me what you want me to do And I will do it, What you want me to bring to you And it is yours." And with a sudden rush of tears to my heart, I said : "Oh, morning, I do not want anything. There is something I want, oh, very much! But I do not know what it is exactly. Perhaps to die—perhaps to live—" II I am not afraid of my own heart. I am not afraid of what may be in the places where the shadows are piled. I am not afraid—see, I walk straight in And look everywhere. I am not afraid—ah, what was that ? It is a dangerous place in which to walk—a heart. Especially one's own. ##4 mary carolyn   davies III Just to be young Young enough to laugh when one should weep — IV There are three of us ; the little girl I used to be, the girl I am, and the woman I am going to be. We take counsel together concerning what colors we shall weave into the dream that we are making. Sometimes they say, she is day-dreaming, They do not know that we are taking counsel together, the little girl, and the girl I am, and the woman that I am going to be. There are many tilings that they do not know. V 1 was alone with just me, the other evening The me that nobody else knows The me that is the nicest person I have ever met. (Oh, quite the nicest!) I was alone with just me We had much to talk over We had never properly met before, But only caught glimpses (Sometimes we were sure we wanted to meet, and at other times we hoped that we never would) We had all the years before to discuss and all the years after to talk about And there were other things — ourselves, and what life was — Oh, we had much to talk over. So we sat there, silently, and did not say a word. ##mary  carolyn  davies 5 VI The little kiss is trembling on my lips It will not leave its home, it is afraid. "Go, go," I whisper, but it weeps and stays. The little kiss is restless on my lips "Nay, I must go," it whispers, "I must go," "Ah, wait a little, wait," I counsel, "wait"— VII A turn of a stranger's head Sometimes brings you very near to me. A color, A sound, And I hear your breathing ; 1 feel your eyes upon mine. A room darkened for the death of a day, And I weep for you ; A bird crying out its song against its neighbors', A flower new-born, startled— And my heart beats with joy of you — You whom I never knew Whom I only loved. VIII I am going to die too, flower, in a little while Do not be so proud — ##6 mina  loy LOVE SONGS I Spawn of fantasies Sitting the appraisable Pig Cupid his rosy snout Rooting erotic garbage "Once upon a time" Pulls a weed       white star-topped Among wild oats sown in mucous membrane I would an eye in a Bengal light Eternity in a sky-rocket Constellations in an ocean Whose rivers run no fresher Than a trickle of saliva There are suspect places I must live in my lantern Trimming subliminal flicker Virginal to the bellows Of experience Colored glass.## MINA  LOY 7 II The skin-sack In which a wanton duality Packed All the completions of my infructuous impulses Something the shape of a man To the casual vulgarity of the merely observant More of a clock-work mechanism Running down against time To which I am not paced My finger-tips are numb from fretting your hair A God's door-mat On the threshold of your mind. III We might have coupled In the bed-ridden monopoly of a moment Or broken flesh with one another At the profane communion table Where wine is spilled on promiscuous lips We might have given birth to a butterfly With the daily news Printed in blood on its wings. ##5 MINA  LOY IV Once in a mezzanino The starry ceiling Vaulted an unimaginable family Bird-like abortions With human throats And wisdom's eyes Who wore lamp-shade red dresses And woolen hair One bore a baby In a padded porte-enfant Tied with a sarsanet ribbon To her goose's wings But for the abominable shadows I would have lived Among their fearful furniture To teach them to tell me their secrets For I had guessed mine That if I should find YOU And bring you with me The brood would be swept clean out. ##orrick  johns 9 OLIVES Fingers I've ten fingers Very much admired, I shall frame them For they cannot do anything ; They cannot earn dinner Or even hold a pebble . . . Pebbles are pretty falling through them. Shoe-string Little old shoe, You need a shoe-string ; I shall find one for you, For without it you are helpless As a man who studies regulations, But with a yellow one Like a woman who is bald. Beautiful Mind Oh, beautiful mind, I lost it In a lot of frying pans And calendars and carpets And beer bottles .... Oh, my beautiful mind ! ##10 orrick johns Miggles Miggles— That was his name, Everyone always said, "Miggles did it." Oh, Miggles, I admired you from the beginning, Miggles ! A Room It is a room that sets people thinking, So they say, Lighted like grandma's moonflowers . . . Swish — I hear something in the corner, Suddenly, And I wish I were a cat. blue undershirts Blue undershirts, Upon a line, It is not necessary to say to you Anything about it — What they do, What they might do . . . blue undershirts. in bed I am tortured By this borrowed mattress . . . How do you lie, Napoleon ? ##orrick  johns 11 in the square They made a statue Of a general on horseback, With his face turned nobly Toward the crupper . . . 'Twas true Of him Quite half the time. at the door I have only a tingling remembrance Not of his eyes But of A dandelion . . . Nevertheless, The whole of him, The whole of me, There — Known, elicited, understood. on the table Little duck Made of plaster, With your head Upon a spring, When my hand trembles upon the table You nod, And when I chuckle too . . . Such understanding, C'est henaurme! ##12 orrick  johns in the street Dinky, slinky, You must not wink That way . . . You hussy, Do you forget I think For both of us ? in the orchard This morning, As the quince blossoms died, The cherries were ripening . . . Such are all your moments, Little one. some where Now I know I have been eating apple-pie for breakfast In the New England Of your sexuality. a moon It lasted a month, We had one moon . . . You took it for a baby And when it cried For a bib and a bottle, All was over. ##horace  holley 13 YOU By you all things are changed. My friends and foes alike, my household Become as strangers without name, Incredibly remote by your incredible nearness. Their speech is foreign, their actions dream, Echos and shadows that pass but cannot claim. In them whatever I learned of recognition and acquaintance, Whatever tenderness of glance, what sympathetic touch, You, you from them withdraw, Essence of all I know and do and am. Only memory paths me back to their far world; Yet as I gaze happily through its twilit vista The past itself stretches me-ward a path of new astonishment,— All, all its meaning was your sure approach. HERTHA She will grow Beautiful. Beauty will come to her Given, like sun and rain; Will go from her Freely, like laughter. She will be ##14 horace  holley Center, circumference to a great joy Swiftly passing, repassing Like water in and from a limpid well. She is of the new generation, new; Torch for the flame of passion, Flame for the torch of love. She will grow Beautiful. No, beauty itself will grow Like her. — Child, if these dead things Virtue, morality Haunt you, Deny them, deride them ! Which are of atoms, not men. THE IDIOT —Yes! But as for me I pass without debate of life and death, Stumbling or dancing as the tune is pitched. Not choosing, not remembering ; Dragging no chains and aiming for no star. I know who frowns and grudges: 'Concentrate essence of inconstant moments,## HORACE  HOLLEY 15 The flower's soul, the fool's way his!' And that may be. But ever I peer about Observing these anxious fretful folk, these moderns, Tired Atlases who bear A world of borrowed marble and stolen fame,— I peer about, and ever as I pass Touch softly each gleaming pillar, each smoking shrine And unperceived, drop tears upon them. Tears. For men are sleepers in a world of dream, An unreal, staggering world, That any moment, as I know, Will break asunder, crashing, heaved apart By bursting seeds of God's compelling spring, Temple on temple, arch on arch All staggering down and whelmed In waters of eager thought, in flames of love; Against which day I neither lock nor loose Nor own nor will be owned within this doom That with a few others undetached and free My soul may cry: 'Lo God within this quickened earth Plow under this yearning heart which I have borne So many seasons, unfertile till you had sown.' ----Aye, The fool's way mine. Where is that Prophet crying within my heart? ##16 ALFRED   KREYMBORG VARIATIONS WIZARDRY Your hands, so strong, so cool, wizards improvising sleep . . . VARIATION Till you came— I was I. CARESS It was as though one of those trees— the very tallest of them, that compassionate one— had bent over me for a moment. MARCH The air is drenched with the noise of wind. I with the noise of you, ##ALFRED   KREYMBORG 17 WILLOWS This amphitheater of willows praying that tarn, are my mes in constant attendance on you. CONTRA  MUNDUM There is one sanctuary that is never shut— to you. PER  CONTRA Don't weep. There is sanctuary from me, as well. Come. PRIEST I burn candles, candles— and no two alike— at an altar. ##18 ALFRED   KREYMBORG OVERHEARD IN AN ASYLUM And here we have another case, quite different from the last, another case quite different— Listen. Baby, drink. The war is over. Mother's breasts are round with milk. Baby, rest. The war is over. Only pigs slop over so. Baby, sleep. The war is over, Daddy's come with a German coin. Baby, dream. The war is over. You'll be a soldier too. We gave her the doll— Now there we have another case, quite different from— ##Others for August are Robert Carlton Brown, Skipwith Cannell, Alanson Hartpence, Amy Lowell, Wallace Stevens and William Carlos Williams. ##Hand-set and printed by the workers of the Liberty Print Shop in New York City.##