The Freewoman , made THE Freewoman A WEEKLY HUMANIST REVIEW No. 43. Vol. II. THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 12, 1912 Threepence Registered at G.P.O. as a Newspaper. Editor: DORA MARSDEN, B.A. CONTENTS Page The Slave 321 Topics of the Week: On Machines 324 The Circle of Intelligence. The Resurrectionists. By Huntly Carter 325 The Machine. A Criticism. By Maurice Newfield 326 "The Freewoman" Discussion Circle. 327 Page Correspondence: The Policy of The Free-woman 328 Anarchy, Democracy, and The Freewoman 328 "Crawling on all Fours" and Crafts 328 Mr. McKenna and Forcible Feeding, and Other Matters 329 State-Aided Freedom 329 Fidelity 330 The Case of Penelope 330 Page The Ban on The Freewoman 331 The Ethics of Flogging 331 Is Division of Labour Injurious? 331 Mr. Kitson's Currency Theories 333 Dollars and Currency 333 "In Vindication of Competition" 333 Re Insurance Bill and Sanatoria 334 The Action of Mrs. Leigh 335 The Mountjoy Prisoners 338 THE SLAVE. THERE is a time in the history of every emancipation movement when the energy of the emancipationists spends itself in diffused indignation against the foroes which it fights. It is the cruelty and immorality of the tyrant which stands out as the main feature in the picture. The energy which indignation breeds uses itself up in trying to deflect those forces—to imbue them with an opposite tendency. It seelcs to make the tyrant non-tyrannical, to make him see himself as the tyrannised see him. It tries to transform the force; to permeate it. The period during which emancipation shows such a temper as this is its embryonic period. It is its shapeless, formless, voiceless period. It cannot yet be said to have been born. Up to this point and right into this moment the white-labour emancipationists, women and men, must be reckoned to be still in this stage; they are still seeking to influence power, rather than to fathom its character, accept its direction, and create new power of their own to overcome it. This explains why there still remains a belief in Government. Women and men believe in government because they think they can influence it in time. 1 hey fail to see that government is a convenient fiction set up to protect the status quo, i.e., to further the designs of those who have power. The "Government" of any country translates into the concrete the wishes of those who have power to enforce them—efficient power, not merely verbal " rights," which are nothing more than a collection of fables made up to amuse children in nurseries. A man has a "right" to what he can get. In a free community no man has any "rights"; he has what he can make out of his freedom. In an unfree community, the " powerful"—those who have had the strength, ingenuity, and cunning to establish force to translate their power into domination—dole out " rights " to a mean and humble rabble, who gratefully accept what is accorded them, and who but whimper feebly about " our rights" when the "powerful" take back what they have given. A people with free instincts would have nothing to do with a despicable whining about rights; they would rise up to take and hold—what they can take and hold. So a time comes in emancipation movements which differs from this wherein we now live—this embryonic time—in that it will have become conscious of the real nature of the depraved relationship which is represented by "governors" and "governed," by any and every "government." The focus for contempt will have moved in a direction which is from "governors "to" governed," from the "tyrant" to the "tyrannised." It will be clear that if the governors are cruel as tigers and savage as bulls, they are not contemptible. They are not worms, which is what the governed are: offering themselves to be cut about, their parts severed, yet still able to live meanly on. The object for contempt is not the slave-owner, but the slave. The slave-owner acts after his kind, driven on by the power which inheres in habit, once morality is abandoned. He is under the domination of the lust for power, and, having left morality behind him long since, he is at the mercy of the fierce tendency which is the inner meaning of any lust. The "powerful" attain the accretion of power as inevitably as a weight gathers force in its fall. Spiritual force abandoned with morality, they are in the thrall of material force. They can only be saved by being met by opposing forces—life forces —and these the slave is inefficient to give. The person who is responsible for the tyrant is the slave; the person who is responsible for the selfish man is the unselfish man. It is indecent for the slavish to make tyrants and then whine about the result. A "Labour Party" sniffling for "reform," for "arbitration," for "nationalisation," and all by means of a vote, is a sight before which one would swiftly veil one's eyes. Britons were never, never to be slaves: yet these Britons get up and lie down in slavery; it is their meat and drink, their raiment and the bed on which they lie. They cannot conceive of a condition which is not slavery. Tears of self-pity would mount to their eyes if notions of freedom were thrust on them. They feel not merely that they have a master: they feel they need a master. The horrors of slavery are as nothing to the horrors of freedom. And it is in this piteous condition that the wage-slaves have to struggle through the birth-throes of the emancipation movement. In such a frame of mind they have to face the bald, crude, hideous fact that they are responsible for things as they are; that it is their hands, and theirs alone, which must change matters, if matters can be, changed. It is the first token of coming change, and of prescience of a different view-point, that is creating the feeling which is behind the growing dislike for sharing in politics. The anti-Parliamentarians are getting "hotter" in their search for the right explanation of their position, though as yet none of them has made the discovery as to what their restlessness relates. Let us examine the situation, and try and give the essence of it. Parliamentarians say in effect: "Since we are governed, government becomes a tremendous factor in the shaping of our lives. Therefore, let us share in government: even let us control it." That is a right instinct, and would be admirable if carried out. Next to abolishing government, the best thing to do is to control it. Here follows a truth. Herein lies the true secret of the absurdity of Parliamentarians and political reforms. Parliament is not the seat of government. Parliament, as its name denotes, is an institution for phrase-making; it is a debating-club, an echo which makes records. Government lies outside Parliament, and the Parliamentarians make no efforts to penetrate into and dominate Government. Government rests on force: physical force is the last resort even for the most spiritual minded. If we have spirit, we use it to make men and women fight: Simon de Montfort, Jack Straw, Robert Ket, Hampden, Washington, Lincoln, Joan of Arc,. Garibaldi, all the religions of the world, have spread the spirit abroad to make men use violence, physical force, in order to overthrow Governments. Whv? Because Governments are for nothing other than the maintaining of institutions which embody force, armies, police, law courts, prisons, in order to protect the Powers as Established. Government has no other meaning. The mere sanitation and administration work which it takes up are meant to act as dust in the common people's eyes. They are meant to supply a raison d'etre adequate to satisfy the blunted intelligence of an enslaved community. They are meant to supply the mummeries and flummeries which soften the outline of (though they feel under no compulsion to hide) the bloody means of coercion, and members of Parliament are the chief of the mummers; and very well paid they are for their mumming. They are puppets, put to the front by the actual governors, at whose bidding they perform. So, to wish to penetrate into government is one thing and to wish to enter Parliament is quite another. The government, i.e., the coercion of a people, is exerted by those who hold certain monopolies over things which are, or have become, necessities to the people. The government of England is forced through, owing to the necessities of the stomachs of Englishmen. The three monopolies which lie in the hands of the governors—the land monopoly, the machine monopoly, the money monopoly—constitute the powers of governors; the State and its officers and institutions are kept in being in order to safeguard those monopolies. They have no other reason for existing. They are not loved by, they are wholly useless to, the common people. The State is maintained to perpetuate the government inherent in monopoly. It has nothing to do with the maintenance of the unity of nations. The peoples, i.e., races, clans, no longer fight each other. It is a thousand years since the irruption of peoples ceased in Europe. There is nothing in the wars of the last thousand years of the nature of the invasion of Britain by the English, in which the English people largely exterminated the Celts in order to occupy their lands. There have been wars which were merely the pastimes of kings, tournament wars, where the fighters, kings and men, fought in sheer joyousness and bravery. There have been wars where kings fought to safeguard their crowns and win a kingdom for themselves, where the kings were generals and fought mainly with hired men, to pay for whom they impoverished themselves and, incidentally, their subjects; but it is only under capitalism that wars have been made by bankers for money, wars in which the wretched skunks, the scurvy knaves, the money-thugs, curs, sneak in safety, such as those who made the South African War. Such as these make wars to suit their money-interests, send out honest men to mow down other honest men, lay the bill upon the starved resouroes of the nation that has kennelled them, and keep up Standing Armies to be ready for any little expedition that may occur to them abroad, and be ready to trample down the faces of their over-driven victims at home. The Financiers' standing-army is the Government, and the half-awakened workers who are persuaded that while there is government they mean to share in it should remember this: They should repeat until the significance of the phrase has seared itself into their consciousness: "Between the Government and the Slaves stands the Army." Between the Government and the Slaves stands the Army." Only over the bodies of the Army will the governed participate in government. Parliament forsooth! Talk and paper! Government is expressed in guns and batons. To participate in government the slaves must be able to converse with governors on equal terms. They too should talk with guns and batons. Unless they would be forever slaves, they too must be an army. A correspondent asks what weapons Slaves would use. The answer surely is, " Those weapons which Governments have used to keep them governed: the weapons of an army." In a community which has a Government, and where that Government expresses itself through arms, then the hapless governed, unless he would be a slave for ever, must be prepared to express himself through arms. It may be protested that there is a possibility that the army may be weaned from allegiance to the governors to allegiance to the governed. Such are the feeble frothings of nerveless men. The State Army is the stronghold of the powerful. It is made for them, trained for them, officered by them. It is kept secluded from all men with free instincts; the people will have to overcome the Army, and if it is to overcome it, it must first equal it in power. The people's army must be stronger than the monopolists' army, which it may very easily be. The army of the people is the union of the enslaved—the wage-men. The first duty of a wage-man is to join his regiment, his Union; and the first duty of the regiment is to provide its members with arms and see that they can use them. Five million women and men skilled in the use of guns would present a different proposition from that put forward by a horde of hungry men. Had the dockers on Tower Hill recently carried rifles, as an army should, the issue would have been somewhat different shall we say: "When wait Thou save Thy people? Oh God of Mercy! When " When they are armed. Ask Pym, ask Washington, ask Lincoln, ask Garibaldi. Ask of any who have grappled with and conquered dominion. The historical side of this question of arms is worth going into. It must strike anyone who studies the progress of expropriation of the people which was carried out by the landowners in the middle ages how terrifyingly patient the peasants were in suffering it. No grosser indignities embodied in law could have been practised on an enslaved, lower race than the large owners carried through against their erstwhile tenants. The laws of the various reigns show the process by which the middle ages battered our English spirit into the dulled thing it is to-day. In Henry VIII.'s reign, those turned adrift from their land, found begging, were "to be tied to a cart-tail and whipped until the blood streams from their bodies. Found a second time, in addition to the whipping, half the ear to be sliced off. Found a third time, the rogue to be executed." In Henry VIII.'s reign 7,200 men were executed for " great and petty theft." In Edward VI.'s reign (1547) a statute ordained that anyone refusing to work was to be condemned as a slave to the person denouncing him as an idler. This person might use whip and chains. If the slave ran away, he was to be brought back and branded on forehead and back with the letter " S." "The master can sell him, 'bequeath him, let him out on hire as a slave, just as. any other personal chattel or cattle. If the slaves attempt anything against the masters, they are also to be executed. Justices of the Peace, on information, are to hunt the rascals down. If it happens that a vagabond has been idling about for three days, he is to be taken to his birthplace, branded with a red-hot iron with the letter V on the breast, and be set to work in chains, in the streets, or at some other labour. If the vagabond gives a false birthplace, he is then to become a slave for life of this place, of its inhabitants or its corporation, and to be branded with an S. All persons have a right to take away the children of the vagabonds, and to keep them as apprentices—the young men until the twenty-fourth year, the young girls until the twentieth. If they run away, they are to become up to this age the slaves of their masters, who can put them in irons, whip them, etc., if they like. Every master may put an iron ring round the neck, arms, or legs of his slave, by which to know him more easily, and to be more certain of him. The last part of this statute provides that certain poor people may be employed by a place or by persons who are willing to give them food and drink, and find them work. The kind of parish-slaves was kept up in England until far into the nineteenth century under the name of ' roundsmen.' " And so on through the reigns. It seems clear that only defenceless men would have submitted to such treatment. Evidently, from the time when Scutage, the money-commutation for service rendered in war by adequately-armed freemen had been accepted as an excuse for letting proper weapons of defence fall out of use. Hence, when the feudal overlords elected to overstep their feudal "rights," those upon whose " rights " they encroached were powerless to withstand them, and knowledge of their helplessness and defencelessness apparently killed the spirit to resist. Had they had a gleam of hope that resistance would be successful, these expropriated peasants would surely have fought, and taken the precaution to secure that, if the brow were to be branded and the neck chained, the brand and chain might rest on dead men, but not on the living. They would have fought. They did not; hence, the ancestors of the Englishman to-day were, through several centuries, complete and entire slaves. This probably accounts for a great deal: for the servile spirit; the insensitive honour; the easy-fitting yoke; it doubtless explains the platform rhetoric and the hope of salvation by parchment. It explains why English people have allowed a foreign race, with a different religion, to set up a permanent armed force in their midst, at their expense, for the protection of these foreigners' money-interests, at home and elsewhere. It is too little thought of that the Standing Army has always been regarded by Englishmen previous to the Jewish occupation as an intolerable menace to their liberties. They would have none of it. When the French were ravaging the southern coast of England, at the close of Edward III.'s reign, the Commons made a small grant of money with which to hire foreign troops. But they paid the money into the hands of two tradesmen whom they trusted, and demanded an audit and a complete account. But the Jews have changed all that. It is significant that the Standing Army in England may be said to date from the time of the establishment of the Bank of England, from nearly the beginning of the capitalist period. The notion that the English Army exists to protect English interests is crude. It exists to back the speculations of Jewish money-lenders who batten upon English poverty. A war with Germany would not be a war between Germans and English, though it would actually be fought out by them. It would be a war between money-lending German Jews and money-lending Jews in England. The Boer War was not an English war, though it cost English lives and English money. It was a Jews' war, and the English Army exists to fight such wars, secondarily. Primarily, it exists to overawe the millions of starving, harassed slaves who toil here in England ceaselessly for their task-masters, the financiers. That is the first duty of the Army: to overawe the populace. That explains why free Englishmen would have no mention of a Standing Army. It was not their spirit which would apply the whip to their own backs. And likewise with the Police-force. A Police-force is unthinkable save in the presence of a slave community. When the exploiters have driven the exploited into the last ditch, it becomes necessary to use even more intimate measures of control than can be secured by the Army. A Police becomes necessary to guard the hoarded wealth of the exploiters. So the Standing Army of the eighteenth century was reinforced by the Police in the nineteenth. And the English went stolidly on. Now the Jews are establishing a still more intimate form of coercion, the Spy—called an inspector. This species of human reptile crawls about, entering the People's hovels, and when they have intimation that some poor, over-driven fool would be better out of the way, they call in their brethren, the Police, who invoke the Magistrate, who hands him over to the Warder and the Hangman. And the English go stolidly on. There seems to be no epithet, no word, that could be applied, and that with truth, and flung in their faces, that would be sufficient to rouse them to revolt. A usurious Jew might set an Englishman to remove offal, spurn him with his foot, lash him with thongs, and spit in his face, and the Englishman would lick the grasping hand. The word has not yet been coined which can make the Englishman aware of reality, sting him into revolt. The Englishman is the Slave. If he is not, we shall know it when we see him with adequate weapons in his hand. Then the rhetoric of the lily-livered, of those who would achieve freedom by crosses on paper, will have shrunk to its pre-| cise value, and that is—nothing. TOPICS OF THE WEEK. On Machines. IT is indicative of the strong evidence which Marx must have found in favour of his assumption that the morality of an age emanates from its methods of production, and not contrariwise, that so few people can grasp intuitively the bad ethics of the machine. It appears to require an almost impossible effort of the imagination for the mind to lift itself out of the working habits of its age. In fact, the immoral nature of machinery cannot be grasped intuitively at all. It has to be arrived at, by inference, from moral truths which can. The individualist who sets out with an intuitive knowledge of the necessity for free-will, if he is sincere, will rapidly arrive at the problem which the division of labour, necessitated by machines, involves. This problem presents the insurmountable obstacle for individualism. Neither principle—neither the individual nor the machine—will give way. The machine makes organisation compulsory; the individual refuses all organisation not voluntary. They are direct opposites. One or other will have to go overboard. The individualist, relying on the morality of the human soul, takes leave of the machine. The economist, relying on the advantages of the machine, sets adrift from morality and the soul. There are no other alternatives. It is clear-cut: Morality or the Machine. It is as definite an opposite as that between God and Mammon, Christ or Caesar. According to the attitude one takes up on this question depends the whole superstructure of philosophy. Upon this rock the new Church is built. Marx answered the question in favour of the machine. Bergson, strange to say, involving, we think, a contradiction with his basic theory, does the same. Sorel, the philosopher of Syndicalism, though influenced by Proudhon in that part of Syndicalism which matters, i.e., its Insurrectionism, follows Marx in this particular, and involves Syndicalism in confusion. Syndicalism is, in its nature, anarchist, insurrectionist, individualist; yet it is floundering about with theories of Communism. It is beginning to talk about the nationalisation of the means of production, because it is being driven in that direction by its fallacies on Machines. When it says "The mines for the miners," it is in the right direction. It is showing true tendency. But that position it cannot maintain against State Socialists. It will have to move in one direction or another. It cannot stand still, and it is on this question of the machine, with the vast organisation which machines involve, that it will choose its direction. It will so decide between Communism and Individualism; between Nationalisation of the Means of Production and the Individualisation of the Means of Production. Though we say this in brief, it is a tremendously important thing we are saying. The choice they make must inevitably alter the nature of the revolution. We might, indeed, summarise the difference which will obtain under a (developed) triumphant Syndicalism and a triumphant Socialism. We might put the differences in pairs: — Syndicalism. Socialism. Individualistic. Communist. Insurrectionist. Revolutionary. Propertied. Propertyless. Free. Governed. Direct. Bureaucratic. Receiving products of individual industry. Salaried,  Syndicalism— Socialism — Anti organistic. Mechanised, i.e., organised. Self-defended. Protected. Independent. Obedieir. Religious. Materialist. Cultured. Intellectual. Resting on Land Tenure. Resting on Citizemhip, i.e.y Paper Rights and Duties. Seeking the Individualisation Seeking the Nationalisation of the means of Subsistence. of the means of Subsistence. Losing its " combination" Culminating its "combina-character with victory. tion' character in victory. Abolition of the Army, the Permanent establishme.it of Syndicates, the Trade the Communistic State Unions upon victory. with all necessary institutions of Administration and Coercion upon victory We might extend the list did our space allow, but enough has been said to show their different nature. The machine-infected intelligence alone has held Syndicalists back from leaping to the appreciation of the nature of Syndicalism. It is the Moral Revolt against a Materialist Organisation. We intend, however, to develop these points later. Here we make a few replies to the critics of our Anti-Machine Morality. To be absolutely certain in these things it is necessary to have the moral sense. Unhappily (as we think), many persons are not profoundly sensed morally. Therefore, arguments have to be made on other grounds. We will not take seriously the writer who thinks that, if we abandoned machines, we should move about " on all fours." We merely point out that all the great cultures—Greek, Roman, Spanish, the Eastern—have been in the " four-footed," i.e., pre-mechanist, period, and that Mechanism has produced no culture at all. The very instincts of culture are now breaking away from Mechanism in a life-and-death struggle for bare survival. Those advocates of the so-called Normal Social Life, who hope to retain the bird of freedom in a mechanistic air, we merely ask to make this experiment, if only in thought: Each man and woman having land, and the preliminary start in rendering it productive, try to produce a labour-class from these landed persons to manufacture and stand by machines. The experiment will result in that dearth of wage-hands which has always resulted when men have egoistically been too busy cultivating their own property to be bothered with making machines for others. Hence, all men being likewise busied with their own property, " the refuge of their souls," all must provide their own machinery—their tools. Machine-labour rests on an expropriated class: they are fine freewomen whose freedom requires the existence of a slave-class to keep it pink, so to speak. So with all arguments on behalf of division of labour. It is not merely that machines have been wrongly used. They are incapable of right use, inasmuch as a community of freemen could not and would not use them. Concerning the argument that the production of necessary things should be got over quickly, by Machine-labour, in as uninteresting way as possible, we must say that there should be no production of unnecessary things. Beauty is as great a necessity as bread. We can, indeed, fare better with a shortage of bread than with a shortage of Beauty. Beauty should not be, and is not, divorced from ordinary things and their production. Beauty is the morality of production. An interesting article ufion the New York Police, by Mr. Reginald Kauffman, will appear in next weeks issue. The Circle of Intelligence. THE RESURRECTIONISTS. EVERY intelligent person has an individual value which each should be set free to express so that it becomes of universal value. By "the circle of intelligence " I do not mean a compulsory circle of hard-boiled collectivists who shout " Hats off! " the moment the Master appears, but a circle of intelligent individuals working separately, yet together, to realise the extreme value of a whole of which each of their values is a necessary part. This circle must not be confused with those circles of co-operative effort which sprang up in the Middle Ages. It has nothing to do with the Guild idea of any kind. Beneath the Guild idea is a subtle and, in "some cases, poisonous tyranny. But it is based upon a levelling up of intelligence, and the consequent voluntary co-operative effort which must arise therefrom. I propose in subsequent articles to make this individualistic value-basis of freedom clear. This circle of intelligence may be used as a key to comprehension. Imagine a circle composed of the intelligences that are now creating the new forms of art. Then imagine the centre of the circle occupied by a tiny black spot corresponding to similar spots which we find on the charts of Charles Booth's "Survey of London." This spot we will call Atrophy or the Tomb of the Past. Issuing from this tomb are a number of strange creatures posing as gods. They come forth to hear the news brought by a messenger of the discovery of the magic circle of creative values. The messenger bids them leave their sepulchreandset out in quest of this living source of vitality. The words are no sooner spoken than the question arises, "How does a crab break out of its old shell after the new one has hardened upon it?" The reply is, "It relieves itself of the old shell first." Finding no help in this advice, the poor shell-hardened creatures known as critics set out on their own account to try, each in his own way, to reach the world of existence. They are without a creative value of any sort, and armed with dead words of dead men of dead ages and other dead cumber. With these relics of the bone-yard they propose to measure off the circle of living values. Looking around us to-day we find a number of art critics who set forth to estimate creative values with this vision of a bone-yard so strongly fixed upon them that they cannot possibly see the creative horizon. In fact, they carry this bone-yard with them into exhibition galleries, where anyone can see them trying to construct an artist out of a bone. Let me name a few of these osteologists and their accustomed position towards art. There is Mr. P. C. Konody, clearly off the map, looking through the wrong end of a telescope, trying to locate something in the distance. And here-is Mr. Frank Rutter, catching the dying sparks from the flaming circle and ladling them on to his understudy, Mr. Liddle. Then there is Mr. Lewis Hind, who has succumbed after trying to play the part of a modern Atlas, and Sir Claude Daily Telegraph with a pail of O.M. varnish. And here is Mr. Spielman, just issuing from the Ark, after studying Darwin's law of zoological progression, while the learned Roger Fry emerges from the mist with an art Lempriere under one arm and a powerful microscope under the other. Here and there other shining ones rise up, all inspired by the same end to perform the sacred rites of death-worship. A little apart from the rest is Professor Anthony M. Ludo-vici, engaged in spewing German philosophy over art. Let me illustrate how they perform these rites. An artist from Paris, Mr. Phelan Gibb by name, recently sent some pictures for exhibition in London. Some found their way to the Carfax Gallery, known for its expositions for perfect ladies and Sickert's silly sallies, while others preferred the caged-free-dom of the Allied Artists' Association. It may be mentioned that Mr. Gibb is an artist of twenty years' standing. Throughout his career he has steadily progressed, with intensity and conviction, towards one ideal, freedom in creativeness. From this it will be gathered that his work is not of mushroom growth, and in Paris it is considered worthy of the most advanced critic's steel. In Paris, artists do not live by praise alone. Mr. Gibb's appearance in London was the signal for immense activity in the Resurrectionists. He was condemned by everyone. From a bundle of transcripts of their dead language I cull the following views of the dead upon the living. First come references to two creations, one called a "Constructive Cartoon," and the other a "Constructive Panel." The first, and most important, represents the constructive idea of freedom. The artist has felt the impulse of the dull black basis of life, and succeeds in giving the speotator the feeling of being raised out of himself—of the flowing up towards space, i.e., space as spirit. The colour and line are composed to create this feeling. He has taken violet as the basis of life, and revealed it dimly forcing itself through blacks and browns as representing a structure of death which the misrepresentation of life has erected. The violet breaking through the blacks and browns reasserts itself and carries the mind from the tyranny of the purely local into the freedom of the infinite. The conception of line is not conventional. The painter has kept his line distinct from the colour, and not combined with it, in order to give the whole tremendous power. Here are some of the transcripts of views thereon: —The Observer: "The obfuscation of what he chooses to call a 'Constructive Panel.' Between these extremes are his exercises, more or less in the manner of Cezanne, Gauguin, Augustus John, Matisse, and the Futurists. The 'Constructive Panel' belongs clearly to the Donkey's Tail School! " The school for Resurrection critics. The Morning Post: "But in 'Constructive Panel' and the like Mr. Gibb achieves simple foolishness, which it would repay no one to try to plumb." The Morning Post ought to know. The Daily Express: "The next great Neverwaz triumph* is Mr. H. Phelan Gibb's 'Constructive Cartoon.' From the abyssmal depths on the left spring cathedral-like shafts, with arches which fade half-way, like the smile of the Cheshire cat." Clowning at full speed. Here are some general views:—Mr. P. C. Konody: "Mr. Epstein has done here in stone what Mr. Gibb, in the upper gallery, has attempted to do in paint. Both have debased a sacred theme, though the sculptor has done so with the power of genius, whilst the painter gives no evidence of anything but a desire to attain notoriety by arousing indignation." Mr. Konody wants Gibb to be Epstein. The sacred theme is "Maternity." The comparison here set up is stupid. To Mr. Epstein "Maternity" has appeared as a sacred theme, whereas to Mr. Gibb it is anything but sacred under our present social conditions. Epstein has carved an idealistic Persian figure of a woman in labour; Mr. Gibb has painted a piece of realism in the lighter vein, a prostitute who has given birth to a child which she does not want. The study shows how the economic factor, not Mr. Gibb, has "debased a sacred theme." The Morning Post again: "Mr. Jack B. Yeats is wayward in a meaningless fashion in ' Waxworks,' and we search in vain for the artistic or intellectual conscience in the pretentious canvases of Mr. J. D. Fergusson, Miss Anne Estella Rice, Mr. H. Phelan Gibb, and Mr. Percy Wyndham Lewis." Evidently the latter are a part of the waxworks. The Saturday Review: "His exhibition, composed of snippets from current art movements. I urge all who would see our prominent artists looking unto others as they would like ¦to look to visit the photographs by Mr. A... " Snapping the snippets. The Daily News (Mr. Spielman): "The Noah's Ark-like sketches are scarcely more ludicrous than the ' Decorations.' " Mr. Spielman is an authority on Noah's Ark, seeing that he does most of his estimating in that venerable structure. The Outlook: "Mr. Phelan Gibb's craftsmanship is of the flimsiest kind, his greatest accomplishment a faculty for imitating the less desirable mannerisms of the mighty." From the seats of the mighty. These extracts reveal how far short the common crowd of critics are of the circle of intelligence to which painters like Mr. Phelan Gibb belong. Even a more advanced critic shares the limitations of the crowd. Recently I noticed Mr. Roger Fry in the Nation trying to see Matisse with the eye of Cezanne, in spite of the fact that the only things that matter are the value of Cezanne and the value of Matisse, that is, their individual values, not the value which they have in common. Mr. Fry is, of course, reducing Matisse to minute dimensions. The learned Roger must Fry, not fricassee. In a more neglected quarter I discovered Professor A. M. Ludovici viewing Rodin through a Gothic cathedral. This professor of philosophy has given Rodin a new value. He has qualified him to advertise Gothic architecture. Huntly Carter. The Machine. A CRITICISM. THE challenging tone of the attack on machine production in last week's article on "The Policy of The Freewoman" cannot be ignored by the sincere Socialist. To ignore it would be tacitly to admit the truth of the charges that Socialism is a slave philosophy, possible only among a servile people; that economically it stands for bureaucracy, and ethically for the negation of free-will. These are severe charges, but they have been ably defended. They must be answered. It is realised both by the Socialist and the writer of the article in question that the fundamental problem confronting society to-day, the problem that is at the basis of the great mass of other social questions that are clamouring for attention, is the problem of the machine. Put into a nutshell, the case against the existing machine system is that it forces the great mass of the people into such an economic position that they are compelled to perform uninteresting, soul-stunting tasks in order to obtain such material necessaries as are required to keep constant their supply of physical energy. We have the paradoxical situation of men working at the machine in order that they might obtain that strength that privileges them to continue working there, the tragedy of the whole system being that, although, in forcing men to move in this vicious circle, it sometimes succeeds in satisfying their bodies, it always succeeds in starving their souls. True self-expression has become the privilege of a comparative few. The average person who would express his individuality comes on every hand into direct conflict with a force—the most potent in the whole of our society—which in the abstract is represented by Mammon, but which in the concrete manifests itself through the machine system. The individual who is searching for a way out finds himself immediately face to face with two alternative possibilities. Either this tendency to fetter the soul of man is an evil inherent in the machine itself, and inevitably bound up with it, the solution of the whole problem lying in a substitution of the system of handicraft proposed by the Freewoman for machine production, or there exists the possibility that the evil lies not in the machine itself, but in some peculiar misuse of it which it behoves us to discover, and to use all our energies in correcting. It must be fully realised that the conditions our solution must fulfil are practicability and, as far as possible, freedom from the baneful effects of the system we are out to remedy. But a careful analysis of the suggestion that we should aim at the abolition of the machine shows that it falls under neither of these categories. When we discuss the question of practicability it is perfectly futile for the writer on "The Policy of the freewoman" to talk of society exercising its free-will. Present-day society has no free-will. Both capitalist and worker, once they are caught in the mad whirl of machinery, find their whole individualities merged into the rapidly evolving industrial system. They become creatures of the machine, slaves to its every whim, and victims of its every tendency. It cannot be seriously disputed that the present-day tendency, far from being one of industrial decentralisation that the reversion to a system of handicraft would demand, is one of constantly accelerated centralisation. The continued existence of this system demands the rapid invention of new and more perfect machinery, which daily, before our very eyes, we see usurping functions that hitherto were essentially those of the handicraftsman. And, whether it be for good or evil, one thing, at any rate, is certain, that this tendency carries along with it the great floating mass of humanity. For them escape is impossible. No greater fallacy can exist than that of the advanced reformer who pictures a people with free-will consciously groping toward some definite end. His carefully-thought-out schemes of social amelioration are abortive simply because they do not take into account the vital factor that those for whose benefit these schemes are conceived, the people, are simply incapable of the intellectual feat of rising above their own environment, and of contemplating humanity from a more elevated standpoint. Put briefly, they see the machine is here; they see that before their very eyes it is being perfected, and they are unable to do other than to take its eternal existence for granted. Free-will is to them a mere sound. Not only, however, is the solution to abolish the I machine unpractical, but also, to a very large extent, it fails in its object. It is agreed that the abolition of the machine system, even were it possible, would mean a re-establishment of the system of handicraft that obtained in this country during the middle ages. This is, of course, accepted with certain reservations, as we must not lose sight of the fact that our needs to-day are far greater than those of the handicraftsman of old. We have grown accustomed to a comparatively high standard of comfort, and retrogression is impossible. But if we are going to supply our vast social needs without machinery, it is clear that a great deal of the people's time will be expended merely in the labour of producing useful things. This must mean, in a great many cases, so much time less for the doing of those things that the expression of individuality demands. It is true that some people find self-expression in the production of useful things. It is equally true that a vast number would find the work of production an irksome necessity. Upon such people any system which compels them to spend time that they might otherwise have devoted to the expression of their individualities, in the performing of tasks that they find distasteful, imposes a tyranny; and it is a question whether slavery to a master is worse than slavery to a system. The individual requires something more than a mere negative freedom. Time in which to use his freedom is absolutely essential. We are now left with only the alternative suggestion, that perhaps the evils of the present system are due rather to a misuse of the machine than to any fault inherent in the machine itself; and we believe that it is by careful consideration of this possibility that we can arrive at the solution of the whole problem. Before going, however, any further, we must sweep away the fallacy that humanity will ever find true self-expression through any system that makes interesting the work of producing necessary things. This work of production should always be got over as quickly as possible. Humanity wants as much time as it can get for the making and the doing of beautiful things. Therein has it always found the true medium of the soul's expression. Once this line of argument is admitted, then it becomes clear that the problem of the machine is solved, by so perfecting it that we can make it do all necessary things, and when we ensure that it does do these necessary things, and not profitable things, by owning it ourselves. At this point we are naturally interrupted by the bete-noir of the individualist, by the dread cry of "State." But it would be as well if many of those who so glibly talk about the State, and who are so eloquent in painting its horrors, would at first carefully consider what the word means. We postulate here that to talk of "State Socialism" is to make use of a contradiction in terms. Socialism presupposes the abolition of classes. The State was born when classes came into being, and its function has been to maintain class privileges. With the abolition of classes the State dies out. We admit, however, the force of the argument that, even if the machine is perfected and held in common, one will still labour under the necessity of merging his individuality into that of society in the work of production. But it is contended that, considering the very short time that society will find it necessary to expend in the production of all it requires, the sinking of one's individuality for that time will be amply compensated for by the perfect freedom of expression the individual will enjoy once that labour is over. Paradoxical though it must appear to the individualist, man will the better express his soul in proportion as he perfects his industrial organisation. Maurice Newfield. "The Freewoman" Discussion Circle. THE ninth meeting of the Discussion Circle was held at the Chandos Hall on Wednesday, September 4th, at 8 p.m., Mr. E. d'Auvergne in the chair. At the beginning of the meeting an appeal was made to all those interested in The freewoman, or in sympathy with its aims, to defend the paper against the attack now being directed against Feminism in particular, and all individual liberty and enlightenment in general. It was pointed out that Messrs. W. H. Smith, the well-known stationers and newsagents, in obedience to private pressure from certain quarters, had refused to show any copies of The Freewoman on their bookstalls, and could only supply it in future to special order. Readers of The Freewoman were advised to send their subscriptions straight to the publishers, Stephen Swift and Co., 16, King Street, Co vent Garden, W.C. The quarterly subscription is 3s. 6d., half-yearly 7s., annual 14s. It was suggested that Messrs. Smith might be led to reconsider their decision by withdrawal of library subscriptions and custom, on the part of readers of The Freewoman, if such withdrawal were accompanied by a statement of the reason. The chairman then spoke, emphasising the need for united and decisive action in this matter, and giving some examples of the only efficacious form of protest. The chairman then called on Dr. Drysdale to address the Circle on "Neo-Malthusianism." Dr. Drysdale brought out the difference between the total birth-rate (emphasised by population fanatics) and the net birth-rate, after the mortality has been deducted from the gross increase of population. He pointed out that countries with a birth-rate of 50 per thousand had an enormous infant (and large adult) mortality. He also laid stress on the importance of the fall of the birth-rate among educated people all over Western Europe since the famous Bradlaugh-Besant trial. Dr. Drysdale's lecture was illustrated by diagrams showing the birth and death rates of the principal countries of the world. He declared that certain Socialist leaders after this trial deliberately discouraged restrictive methods among the poorer classes, preferring revolutionary methods and class war embittered by hunger. This provoked much discussion. Many questions were asked, and an animated discussion followed. A large majority of the audience supported the principle of voluntary restriction, though from different points of view. The need of giving information on these subjects, especially to women of the poorer classes, was very clearly demonstrated. We owe Dr. Drysdale very hearty thanks for his trouble and his interesting lecture. It is to be hoped that all members of the Circle will make an effort to be present at the business meeting on Wednesday, 18th inst. F. W. S. Browne. Owing to the necessity for considering the future organisation and activities of the Circle, it has been decided to postpone the proposed lecture on "Prostitution" on September 18th, and instead to hold a business meeting on this date. All members (and any others intending to become members) are requested to make a point of attending the business meeting, Wednesday, September 18th, 8 p.m., Chandos Hall, Chandos Street, W.C. B. low (Acting Sec). Correspondence. Note to Correspondents.— While quite willing to publish letters under noms de plume, we make it a condition of publication that the name and address of each correspondent should be supplied to the editor.—Ed. To the Editor of The Freewoman. THE POLICY OF "THE FREEWOMAN." Madam,—Your policy is most constructive, because it is hopes and visions which do construct. There is no fight in the people because they have no hope and no vision; and revolution is the only constructive tool. The will-o'-the-wisp, step-by-step programmes—the little crank cure-alls (perhaps all right in their proper little places), like eugenics or free banking, are all confusions that lead people to argue furiously about nothing. You are as right as can be in seeing that to-day's disease is want of freedom. People want control over themselves—to be free from foremen and employers. But I should like to hear if you have weapons to fight the oppressors with. Syndicalists would urge the trade unions to act more boldly, to put a higher value on themselves, to see in themselves the germs of a new world, where all will be free from the authority of the State and the boss. You do not like what you have read of their idea of that new world, but they have also said that they consider immediate action, immediate aggression against the capitalist the main thing—theory is to them unimportant. I believe you agree with this. I confess that, reading your articles from week to week, with the week's interval between, I am not so clear as I ought to be even now about your programme; but if I am bothering you about something I might have already understood, I hope you will forgive me. Arthur D. Lewis. ANARCHY, DEMOCRACY, AND "THE FREE-WOMAN." Madam,—With the aim of The Freewoman to make possible the largest freedom and the fullest individual development no one is in more entire sympathy than I. But I cannot believe that anarchy, hatchet throwing, land grabbing and potato digging form the path to these. Anarchy (tempered by co-operation) is humanity's ideal for the far distant future, when, every man having learnt to respect the equal rights of every other man and woman, the last militant freewoman shall reluctantly admit the same obligation. So long as human nature remains what it is to-day, anarchy means, not the greatest freedom of each, but the oppression of the weak by the strong, of the liberty respecting by the bully, of the powers of good by the powers of evil. It is the rule of the brigand and the murderer, the return of the day when he may take who has the power, and he may keep who can. Anarchism has been tried by humanity and found wanting. To secure any substantial measure of freedom and equal rights some laws are necessary, and some authority both to make and enforce those laws. Putting aside the dream of a perfectly wise and perfectly disinterested man (and the still wilder dream of such a woman! ) the ideal authority is that of the people as a whole. In practice democracy provides the best form of government among all the more advanced races, and many of the less advanced. The direct rule of the people is impossible in a modern state. All Englishmen and Englishwomen, or even the former alone, cannot bear a share in regulating all the affairs of the British Empire, and its relations to other countries. Every citizen of London cannot take part in On 19th SEPTEMBER, at 8.30 p.m., A MEETING WILL BE HELD IN THE STRAND LECTURE ROOM, 15, ADAM STREET, STRAND, To deal with the Future of the INTERNATIONAL SUFFRAGE SHOP. The lease of the above terminates on September 29th next, and unless ways and means can be arranged at this meeting this unique Fern nist enterprise must close down on that date, in spite of its undoubted propaganda value. All who are interested are urged to attend and help to extend the work so effectively begun. planning and controlling his city's sanitation or tramway system. The expert is necessary, the man who shall give either his whole time, or a larger part of his time than most can afford, to mastering the principles and details of some department of national fife. But the unbridled rule of the expert is tyranny. For, being humanly frail, he is always tempted to put his prejudices, or his class interest, or his personal interest or ambition, before the general good. Therefore some control of the expert is necessary. In so vast an affair as the organisation of a great nation two kinds of experts are needed. There is the expert in the every-day sense of the word, the technical man who knows all the machinery of his department, who can work efficiently for an end that is set him. He is usually a permanent official, and an actual or would-be bureaucrat. There are those who would put us entirely under his thumb, particularly in the army, the navy, and foreign affairs. In the latter, indeed, he is almost absolute to-day. But, as we have seen, the expert may not be the right man to choose his own ends. The criterion is the public good. Who shall apply this criterion? The people themselves, certainly, in the last resort. But need it be, or can it be, the people directly? Shall the officials of each village and town and city be selected, and their instructions given them, by a gathering of all its electors? Something of the kind was done among our Anglo-Saxon forefathers, and we still have occasional parish meetings. I will not say that we might not with advantage make more use of such a method in certain local affairs to-day. But it must be clear to all that the problems of a great city cannot be dealt with in this way. Even policy could not be laid down with sufficient fulness, or decided always with sufficient knowledge. Still less could administration be properly controlled. The permanent officials would fool us and master us most of the time. In a word, the Manchester City Council and the London County Council are necessities. Even more in national affairs is some body of men needed which shall stand over the permanent official to represent the nation; men who, while chosen by the people, and pledged to promote their interests and carry out their aims, shall have more knowledge of public affairs than most electors have the time (or it may be the inclination or skill) to acquire. This is the second class of expert to which I referred, the statesman. He may not know so much of one particular department as the permanent official, but he has a wider view, he is more in touch with the people, and more open to public criticism and control. Among other things the making and revising of laws naturally falls within the province of a council of such men Hence representative government and national parliaments. All this political philosophising brings us to much the same position that civilised mankind has reached by centuries of experiment. The instinctive genius of the Anglo-Saxon race foreshadowed it long ago. It would not require restatement were it not that so many Anarchists, Tories, and Syndicalists to-day incline to forget it. As to the hindrances and imperfection's of representative government in England to-day, and how we may remedy them, or again as to the ideal society we may hope to build up by the co-operation of state and individual effort, I may perhaps unburden myself on some future occasion. Jas. Fowler Shone. "CRAWLING ON ALL FOURS" AND CRAFTS. Madam,—In your last number you reply with much accuracy to the unbroken challenge of The Freewoman's policy. You have well grasped "that the soul of man dwindled, shrivelled to nothing for lack of freedom"; your only hope is "to give it more freedom rather than less. Freedom is secured by giving a man the means to keep alive. Land will do that. So tie the land to his heel." I agree with you entirely, and Mr. Wells might have been brought to do so if he, on his part, had read The Freewoman with less amusement and more attention. Some contributors to your columns (like myself, and, perhaps, also, Madam, like you) are seeking to establish a new order, or a normal social life, if you will, by free production and exchange on the bountiful land, redeemed from the twin demons of rent and capital—that is, a monopoly land system and an exchange system tied with gold. But, Madam, let us be careful lest those who cherish the idea of "back to the land" should accuse us of going back to it crawling on all fours, rather than standing on our two strong legs and looking up towards the sky. Miss Rachel Graham raises a timely cry on behalf of the machine, and fears that in a new order leading us back to the land the benefits of the machine age may be more or less lost to humanity. To this you reply, "Machinery is an inhuman trick by which a few men who drove the freemen off the land...  were enabled to play upon the starving hordes whom they had created." This statement greatly astonished me. The machinery age has been, in my view, a real step won by humanity, as real and as important as the discovery of the use of iron by our ancestors of long ago. But just as our ancestors used iron tools for good or evil purposes, so do we use the machine to-day either for good or evil. The inhuman trick is not in the machinery, but in the linking of the gold monopoly to the land monopoly, whereby machinery has been turned to base uses. Back to the land we must go, but this does not mean that we should scratch the earth with our hands, if we could get electric ploughs! Back to the land we must go to save our soul; but how can we hope to work out the -saving of our soul if we must di gand till all day in order to win from the earth by sheer hand labour the foodstuffs to keep us alive? I would crave your space to make clear to all interested in this new and living movement that such an economic order based on the land does not drag us back into the fifteenth century—before the time of the machine—but leads us on to a new era wherein man, becoming his own master, will use the machine to save himself time for understanding his soul's needs and possibilities. In your article "Work and Life," of the 22nd August, you drew a distinction between the mechanist and the artist which would make more than one poor mechanist stand gaping at your prosaic conception of his work. Not only does many a designer of machines realise his soul in his work, but also, as with every true artist, his designs are first of all created for his own satisfaction before they are meant "to meet all and sundry, i.e., the public." I have been brought into contact with many designers of machines, who rightly regard themselves as artists, and who would amaze you, iMadam editor, if you could hear them talking of these children of their mind with no less soul than the painter speaking of his pictures. But just as many painters produce poor or debased work, so many mechanists give birth to harmful engines, evil both in purpose and in effect. Again, just as a man may buy a good picture and yet prove quite unable to rise to the understanding of its beauty, so can men use machines without being moved by their splendour. Yet the fault of this lack of understanding lies, not at the door of the painting or of the machine, but at the door of the man's soul. Prepare good soil to produce men with souls clear of error, and the new-born art of machinery will reflect the beauty of their souls, and rise to the heights already dreamed of by our artist mechanists of to-day. So to them, also, as I read it, does the new order bring its message of hope! Francoise Lafitte. September 8th, 1912. [This letter is referred to elsewhere.—Ed.] MR. McKENNA AND FORCIBLE FEEDING, AND OTHER MATTERS. Madam,—The only point I have been arguing is whether Mr. McKenna had any alternative to any forcible feeding of the hunger-striking women. I have left my own inconsistencies, whatever they may be, to the tender mercies of Miss Gawthorpe. Miss Gawthorpe has now brought forward three suggested alternatives. Alternative No. 1 assumes that "forcible feeding" is ungentlemanly, and, therefore, rather than permit it, Mr. McKenna should resign. Miss Gawthorpe does not seem to recollect that those who are supporting Mr. McKenna in this matter are of opinion that the militant tactics are the feminine equivalent to ungentlemanly. Most gentle-men would agree that it is a caddish thing for a man to strike a woman; but that does not mean that women are entitled to assault men with impunity. The militant women have broken the tacit sanction which rules that it is ungentlemanly for men to use violence towards women. Forcible feeding is one of the penalties. It is part of the pettiness of militancy. Men who commit offences against the State recognise that the State is entitled to protect itself. If caught, their punishment must be served out. It is puny to get out of it on some plea of political privilege. It is not entirely because all male prisoners are "cowards," and all militant women are "heroines" that women have the monopoly and "glory" of resorting to the hunger strike. Men stand the racket of their unconstitutional actions; women are not willing to. Point 2 I do not trouble about, because there never was any justification for giving the Irish member political privileges. It was due to personal friendship. Moreover, each case should be considered on its merits where special privileges are concerned. As a general principle, dividing persons who commit offences into political and non-political offenders strikes me as an impossible one. Alternative 3 I do not quite understand. In my opinion "the Government have the consent of the governed "in refusing women the franchise. That is the grievance we are discussing, and the one the militant women are fighting about. In reality, the argument comes back to my original assertion, that there is no alternative, once the issue is really faced from the public aspect, to the practice of forcible feeding. Miss Gawthorpe has been carried away by her advocacy, otherwise I might characterise her innuendo that "forcible feeding" is an authorised punishment in the strongest language. Refusing food is the voluntary act of the prisoners. Forcible feeding has only come into being because the women are desirous of deciding what form of treatment they should be subjected to in prison. It is not surprising that the Government will not admit such a right. No self-respecting Government could do so. It is against that refusal of the Government that the hunger strike has been initiated. It is a little ludicrous for women to commit offences, and then expect to be allowed to dictate their own punishment; but that is what their demand comes to. With great respect to the editorial criticism of my article, "Will Men Govern when Women have the Vote?" it is not a question of instruments of coercion; it is a matter of moral coercion. The dominating influence in government is male opinion; and women, when enfranchised, will be unable to carry any legislation in teeth of that opinion. That is the proposition, and I fail to see that your editorial note has met it. I enclose three months' subscription to The Free-woman. I have never bought The Freewoman at Messrs. W. H. Smith and Sons, because since that firm has become a moral censor it is necessary to use the weapons against it which it has forged. Ever since the Academy, when edited by Lord Alfred Douglas (at a time when I never agreed with anything in it!), was similarly treated by Messrs. Smith I have adopted their tactics and gone elsewhere. Not only that, but I have boycotted the railway companies which let their bookstall contracts to Messrs. Smith. May I suggest that the readers and subscribers of The Freewoman should cease dealing in any way with Messrs. Smith, and persuade their friends and acquaintances not to do so. Messrs. Wyman, I believe, have a clean record on the political boycott of papers. I cannot imagine any number of persons more unfitted to exercise moral censorship over journals than the Board of Directors of Messrs. Smith and Sons. A similar observation applies to Lady Bathurst, the owner of the Morning Post. Earl Percy, as a moral critic of The Freewoman, is another curious figure. By the way, the new nobility ought to be prevented from taking a justly famous family name like the Percys of the days of Hotspur, and dragging it in the mire. The action of Earl Percy in criticising The Freewoman in the Morning Post, without stipulating that any reply should be inserted, was the act of a common cad. There is something very shocking about the intellectual methods of our quasi-aristocrats; it was to be expected from tradesmen of the Smith type. C. H. Norman. [As we consider Parliament, and the system of election and rights of this last, one complex hoax played to cover the real character of Government, we hold that the granting of votes to women would make no material difference to the manner of our Government. Voters are not governors. The situation would therefore be practically unchanged. Women with their votes would no more morally coerce men with their numerical preponderance of votes than men have hitherto coerced women by theirs. The real governors will continue to coerce both, as heretofore.—Ed.] STATE-AIDED FREEDOM. Madam,—The young members of my family who are corrupting my orthodoxy at a time of life when it is impossible for me to really enjoy new opinions have returned from their holidays, and sent me an accumulated bundle of The Freewoman, which I am getting through with mutterings and ejaculations. I find it the same rare and interesting journal as ever, with the same comprehensive hospitality, extended even to Richard Tayleur, with his busy mind contriving for us a new form of liberty in the future. It is an interesting glimpse which he affords us of that happy time when the " State Fertilisers " will be led prancing through the streets with rosettes on their ears, while the rest of us will have been assisted to form the obverse of the picture! If he and other advocates of State-aided freedom will not mind me summing up their arguments, I should say that for humanity addicted to pinching in at the waist the proper remedy would seem to be a system of pinching in at the neck. But even your humble and cautious servant sometimes has impulses retrogressively forward under the influence of excitement. For instance, at first I read with sympathy your indignant article on the light-hearted and inconsequential tearing up of Magna Charta, contemplated by our freedom-loving Parliament, with a view to the imprisonment without trial, and possible mutilation of any subject whose dossier, compiled in his playful youth and upwards, is not pleasing to the authorities. And I admit that in the circumstances anger—even violent anger—is justifiable. But, on reflection, I would ask you what is the use of pummelling with your puny fists the pudding-like visage of a quite drunken and insensible plutocracy, while ignoring the Satanic shadow, sinister and menacing, which looms behind it? The idle rich— so long as they remain idle and merely dissipate their riches—form a comparatively harmless class, but it is when, having no imperative duties of their own, they join the noble order of busybodies, and consort with those " heads of departments "of whose presence in their midst the eugenists so significantly boast that their power for evil is turned to account. Officialdom, ever-devouring officialdom, is the monster we have to deal with, if we would save humanity from slavery. And it is not only by conspiring with the rich that they inflict on us misery and injustice; there is the subtler plan of inciting the poor, and then turning their anger back on themselves to their own hurt and mortification! Have your readers (like the indignant Tories of that period) forgotten the Budget of recent infamy, and all the legislative efforts for the poor that sprung from its authors? There was the stimulated outcry on land monopoly, which all rational people know to be due to our unnatural laws of inheritance, and the ravenous parasitism that hinders its distribution; and the result of that outcry is that there has been an expansion of the omniscient State, of course —more departments and more " heads of departments "— and an increase of patronage for county councillors (as gratifying to them, by the way, as it is to the territorial magnate, and perhaps more lowering to those who come under it), and an increase of establishment charges, and more officials for the productive workers to support; and lastly, for those workers themselves, a system of tenure which, unless they wake to a knowledge of the shameless imposture which is being practised on them, must lead to the appropriation of every inch of land, and the letting of it out in miserable strips at impossible rents to be sweated on under conditions that will make them mere feudal slaves. And thus it always is under our party system of government—when all that is needed is the simple cutting of a ligature for the setting free of nature'sown healthful forces, instead of it, other artifices and other bonds are devised, and other weights added to the already unbearable burden. I sometimes wonder why self-interest alone does not influence officials to see that the limit is nearly reached, and that little more is required to bring ruin on themselves; but they seem afflicted with that blindness to portent which always precedes revolution. And do your readers remember the proposal to discriminate in disfavour of the idle rich, put forward in the plausible phrase of "unearned increment"? In their masses the people shouted for it, and now they suffer from it one at the time, or in numbers too few to be of further use to the professional Tory, and with their cries drowned in the welter of other interests. Not the grossly rich, but the moderately poor—the widow, the orphan, the thrifty person with savings invested for old age, all to whom the literal terms apply, find themselves victims of a wickedly partial and extortinate system of taxation.. And so it must inevitably be with the encroachments now being made by the State. Looked at separately there may seem to be little harm in them, but what the voter fails to see is that they will develop and be co-ordinated, and that in obtaining through them for himself relief from petty vicissitude he is preparing for his children a life of abject subservience to officialdom from the cradle to the grave; for with the authorities in control of every school (as the busybodies are clamouring for them to be) with power to limit equipment and impose the vocation, and the insurance and labour bureaus exercising the right of direction and compulsion consequent on dole-giving, and with universal service to paralyse industrial uprising at the onset, and the marriage bureau to thwart their natural impulses and stereotype the breed, and, if irrepressible, the knife of the eugenist to prepare them for spiritless drudgery in the shafts of State industrialism, how much freedom will be left for individuals? Not only will they not enjoy freedom, but they will not even know of it. Like being shut away from light in some dark and cavernous river will they be, these blind denizens of a subhuman world. And there is another malign influence helping to enslave us. I mean the baleful oracle that has its eye on yourself and Mr. Granville—the Thing of tinsel and stage-horror constructed to frighten and amuse the people; the Thing that rouses the man in the street with the tocsin and the drum, and persuades him to lie in the dirt and have his taints taken out; the Thing that takes hold of the pitiably impressionable elector, and scares him into legislative fits with a red-hot poker, and will presently leave him to wake up and find his own sons and daughters in the grip of the sexual inquisition. Oh, what a mild age is this, when the degenerate son of a freedom-loving father that would have shot his woman to save her from defilement listens so amiably while his daughter is consigned to the sedate and unctuous impertinences of the State official! Tallis Avis. FIDELITY. Madam,—A rush of engagements prevented me from writing in reply to Mr. d'Auvergne's article on Penelope when it appeared. Perhaps it is not too late to do so now,, even in the face of Mr. d'Auvergne's reply to his critics in your last week's issue. Your other correspondents took up some of the glaring contradictions in the article, so I will confine myself only to one or two which they did not touch upon. (Mr. d'Auvergne's plea for the "natural " man raises a nightmare in the modern "unnatural " mind. We don't mind natural love-birds, but save us from man in a state of Nature! We can see that natural man so dear to Mr. d'Auvergne's heart—his brutish, lustful eyes gleaming out of a wild forest of hair which bushily encroaches on his cheeks and forms a solid mat upon his chest; his nails are longer than the claws of any bird, and his sense of pity finds expression in a club! The natural woman—with the exception of the nails—might pass muster nowadays (her sex-sense was never promiscuous,, as far as I know), but the revival of the natural man is something to be devoutly prayed against. We have too much of him still—Heaven knows! —his yearning for new mates still renders him so grossly promiscuous in his instincts that he will take to his bosom any unwashed, unhealthy night companion that he may find at a street corner—which applies not only to the class from which the woman prostitute is drawn, but to the so-called cultured and fastidious class which would not dream of drinking out of other people's cups. I am whole-heartedly in sympathy with Dr. Whitby's manly article on "Divorce" in your last number. It covers for me nearly all the ground that anyone needs to tread in search of a way out of unhappy marital companionships. Talk such as that of Mr. d'Auvergne's about the harm done by chastity, honour, and loyalty are simply a perversion of the language by which all that stands for good is made to stand for bad, and all bad for good. It is an imitation of the wild paradoxes of Shaw without Shaw's desire or ability to prove that at bottom he means quite the same thing as the sternest of moralists. E. M. Watson. September 9th, 1912. THE CASE OF PENELOPE. Madam,—I cannot agree at all with Mr. d'Auvergne's view of man. Man is not fundamentally a rational being, and does not aim at anything that he knows; he lives because he lives, and sometimes commits suicide in a temporary fit of sanity; life uses reason, and not reason life. A martyr burning at the stake might burn out of pure hatred of tyranny, and I expect many did without any belief in a heaven next door. The motives of life are all unconscious. Crowsley did not gain the happiness of bringing the present system to an end. I do not admit that happiness is of various kinds; if a malicious man is not to be allowed to be happy because he injures someone, what use is it summing up life in terms of happiness? I suspect the root of asceticism is deeper than Mr. d'Auvergne thinks. Fraser talks about myth changing, ritual remaining constant, and probably Christian and Buddhist ascetics give quite wrong motives and explanations for their asceticism. Scarcely anyone knows why he does or is what he is or does. Mothers often are hurt by daughters leaving them to get married, in spite of the commonness of the occurrence and its complete morality. This shows, to my mind, how difficult it is, and will probably always be, for a man to tell a woman he has ceased to love her. If I am to aim at happiness, I think I had better avoid feeling pity for others, while pretending to feel it, so that others may be ready to pity me. Why should I diminish my individual happiness? I thought the whole argument was that I ought to make it my hope and conscious aim. September 5th, 1912. Arthur D. Lewis. ASCETICISM. Madam,—lit is remarkable that in all the discussions of sex morality the apostles of chastity and fidelity represent sexual intercourse as a thing undesirable in itself and in conflict with the higher nature of mankind. Sex, in fact, is exhibited as the foul side of life. It does not seem to occur to the chaste and faithful that the desirable life is a balanced life in which the animal desire reinforces and strengthens rather than conflicts with the mental and spiritual life. We are not simple creatures; our spiritual, mental, and physical natures act and react on each other. The large proportion of ascetics who become insane indicates that a serious danger is courted by those who in their hunt for the spiritual life attempt to atrophy their sexual nature. The calm and mellowed love of wedded life spoken of by Margaret Theobald is very often mere coldness and indifference, and I venture to suggest that it is the lack of passionate sex expression which makes so many men irritable and brutal, and so many women mean and slavish, and creates that atmosphere of unclean mystery which has such deplorable results on the minds and sex habits of "the well-bred youths and maidens who regard falling in, love with kindly contempt." Personally, I have no objection to chastity and fidelity, but il resent the attitude of moral superiority adopted by the coldly virtuous over those more ardent and sometimes more generous natures whose impulses cannot be confined within the limits prescribed by good society. Ina Gordon-Menzies. THE BANN ON "THE FREEWOMAN." Madam,—Enclosed is a copy of the letter I have sent to W. H. Smith and Sons, from whom I have hitherto bought my papers. I should advise every reader of The Freewoman not only to withdraw their custom, but to write and let Smith's know the reason. I am not sending you a subscription, because I find it a good way of advertising a paper to buy it through a newsagent, but I promise to buy a copy of The Free-woman as long as it is in existence. Helen Fox. Madam,—^May I point out that The Freewoman may yet be purchased by the public through any ordinary newspaper agent, who get their supplies each week from the wholesale newsagents, and any ordinary stationer and newsagent has only to add a copy to his " sheet" each week as he finds a demand for it? Of course, every newsagent cannot take on sale a 3d. periodical, but it can readily be put on each week, if the customer ask for it. In the foregoing I am assuming that a lot of your readers* may not wish to pay a subscription direct, but obtain their copy each week for 3d. W. Hewitt. THE ETHICS OF FLOGGING. Madam,—The point of view of the Humanitarian is hard to understand. He seems to be unable to distinguish between a man and a brute. To read daily of the cruelty alone inflicted on children and animals is enough to show how inadequate our present law is, and Truth has made this clear to the public as no other paper has done. A man kicks his child and makes it a cripple for life. Perhaps a month's imprisonment follows—very degrading for the man, and not calculated to elevate his character— but what about the child? Let anyone read the reports of the N.S.P.C.C., or the sister Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals. What futile sentences, and totally out of proportion to the ghastly evil done. Can we call these monsters men? and don't we know them to be cowards and bullies of the worst type? What a coward fears most is physical pain, and for such it is the only remedy. If Humanitarians prefer the constant repetition of these crimes against the weak and helpless to the risk of making a few examples of men who are a danger to the community, they only encourage the wrongs they deplore. After several years' experience on the committee of one of these societies, I firmly hold that three-quarters of this class of criminal could be suppressed by severe measures and adequate sentences, and that occasional floggings in extreme cases might at any rate prevent our English savage from risking his own skin. M. A. F. © © © IS DIVISION OF LABOUR INJURIOUS? Madam,—Why does The Freewoman say that division of labour has run mad, and must be diminished? The adoption of the word "must" implies force, and this involves Government interference with somebody— more statutes, more officials, more tyranny, more corruption, more dogmatism. Must the cobbler now sweep his own chimney, and the sweep mend his own shoes? And what is to be the penalty if these desperate characters persist in sticking to their own trades? What is the harm of the exchanging of services and the division of labour? Heretofore those narrow-minded owls, known as economists, have thought they saw in the free and open higgling of the market an automatic regulator of commerce and a self-acting remedy for error, such as excess or defect in the division of labour, etc. But, of course, all this is old-fashioned ignorance, and things must now be put on a very different footing. Many manufacturers have fallen into these exploded old grooves, and will obtain, say, forged metal from one house, casting from another, annealed castings elsewhere, springs in another quarter, and will manipulate the pieces in various machines simultaneously, with the assistance of men and youths of different orders of skill, and earning different wages, amongst whom the labour is divided. All this diversity may result in the production of a batch of identical appliances, and each may be the subject of a series of special bargains and contracts as to their cost. But here again these misguided wretches have not known what they were about, and all that is required is that employers and employed, as well as merchant and customer, should be more enlightened, or more rigorously drilled and governed. Then each man may make a complete piece first, and follow this by another, and so on. It is far from evident why those who sell their services should be stigmatised as serfs, or why the value of labour should be an exception to the operation of supply and demand. This seems a very harmless and by no means derogatory process. The labourer, when he in turn goes to market, uses his judgment as to the price, quality, etc., of the clothes and food he buys, and he beneficially joins in the higgling of the market. He indirectly applies the demand for labour which has to be supplied by other trades. Are his indirect labourers out of their right position by being controlled in their supply of labour by his demand? It may, in fact, be unhesitatingly declared that in most commercial bargains both the parties gain a profit. The shopkeeper may depend for his living on selling his goods, yet his customers may gain more from each purchase than it yields him. But The Freewoman wants to draw a distinction between convenience and profit. Is this possible? All the operations of commerce, and all the data of economics, consist of equations of one pleasure in terms of another. Thus convenience may be one pleasure, and the possession of gold, and its choice of multifarious equivalents may be another. There are perpetually fluctuating equations of various conveniences and certain quantities of gold. These are the prices current in the market. It would be vastly agreeable if all the commerce of life could be carried on by people striving in politeness to render each other the utmost possible mutual service, without, of course, offensive over-interference with one another. But surely this is a dream which can but seldom, and for very short intervals, be realised, as at a picnic, or other social gathering where business is for the time ignored, and any reference to shop is a solecism. There are, alas! too often a number of hidden jobbings and dealings underlying social rivalry which cause as much bitterness, heart burning, and even despair as anything that commerce can disclose. But in the more robust and larger traffic of life undisguised egoism is really but a part of the advantageous parsimony of effort and movement in the direction of least resistance, which is universally purifying nature in every sphere. Selfishness in business is mutually beneficial to the species in general. Currency is, of course, necessary in commerce—in fact, all commerce is the currency of valuables from hand to hand by exchange or barter. It is inevitable and very useful in various ways that one commodity is more saleable and more frequently sold than any of the others. When its pre-eminence has become universally recognised a set of new and special terms are invented to mark off operations into which this commodity enters, as indeed it does almost exclusively into all barter after the turning point has been reached. Buying, selling, paying, price, and a host of other terms mean different aspects of various transactions with the chosen commodity, as it may now be called. It is the very height of absurdity to assert that currency should not be a commodity. Currency must inevitably and invariably be a commodity, and there is only one commodity in every market suitable for this function, which is, however, not profoundly different from that of all other commodities, in being bought, sold, and promised for future delivery. Its value also' is no more enhanced by its recognised election to the acme of saleability than the value of other goods is enhanced by being hoarded, bought, and sold. The extract from Mr. Kitson in this issue of The Freewoman contains some paradoxes of the most startling character when money is spoken of as if it were a sort of credit. This is a most ingenious discovery of outlandish error, and its adoption, notwithstanding its absurdity and recondite nature, instead of seeing the plain truth, which is staring everybody in the face, is almost incredible. Money is, and must be, and has always been, as everybody knows, a real valuable. The mere fact that nearly everybody who buys it does not actually want it for itself has nothing to do with the case. Nearly every trader and producer buys or makes the bulk of his merchandise, not because he wants it for itself, but because he has a well-founded expectation that somebody else, either a direct customer or others in some remote corner of the world, will want it. These remarks in no way revive the old mercantile theory, that money exportation impoverishes a nation, and that the object of international trade should be to bring plenty of money into the country. Money by its perfect saleability becomes a sort of figurative embodiment of all sorts of valuables, and by the operation of credit (or rights over the wealth of traders expressed in terms of money, but in the main substantiated by solvency through possession of property in all other sorts of commodities) the actual manipulation of money is very largely avoided. Thus, the cobbler expresses the repairs of the sweep's boots in money, and the sweep names a money value for sweeping the chimney. If these correspond or tally no money need pass, if the parties can trust one another for a brief moment. Gold is now the money of the great commercial nations, and it is impossible to destroy money without destroying all gold. This, too, would not prevent silver from instantly jumping into the vacant space. The difference in saleability between gold and silver is actually very small, but gold is undoubtedly somewhat superior to silver. If it were possible to have them so closely alike as to be indeterminate it would still be almost a necessity for very large revenues like that of governments to be collected in one or other. There might be established proportions in which each metal might enter into bargains, and lenders could deliver their loans, or require their repayments in terms mutually agreed with the borrowers. The law ought, however, not to impose or announce any ratio of value, and ought never to go further than to require that promises should be fulfilled in the terms in which they were drawn up, although the courts in giving money verdicts might properly name the ratio which was to obtain in forced levies on the property of those who were fined or mulcted in damages. Under present circumstances, however, the existence of gold and its use as a commodity are the very things which make it unavoidably money. Its so-called use as money is not occupation or employment of it at all. It is only traffic. Driving cattle to market and selling them is not making use of them, nor is the carrying of gold to the same market and selling it to the cattle dealer making use of the gold. The fact that the quantity of gold does not correspond in value to that of other wealth is no drawback. There is not the least necessity for such a correspondence. Its realisation is inconceivable, and its absence is no disadvantage. As for wealth being destroyed through the total value of gold held by all the bullion dealers and banks falling short of a complete equality with that of other commodities it is a pure fancy. Bread and beef suffer no loss of value through being priced in and even sold for money as an intermediate process in an exchange between baker and butcher. It would be as safe to say that the bakers get more beef in exchange for their bread, and that the butchers get more bread for their beef, as to say that they all get less. An allegation that both the butchers and bakers get less bread and beef respectively out of this traffic in consequence of the intervention of restricted money is just as true as that they both get more. If they, or somebody else, had ten times as much money it would not make any real difference to the ultimate rate of exchange between bread and beef, which eventually depends upon the cost at the margin of self-supported production. Mr. Kitson's attempt to explain the causes of panics is utterly inconclusive, as it deserves to be, because it is a tissue of over-statements, incomplete analyses, and positive errors woven together with perverse ingenuity, and unsound disconnected argument. All the fallacy and bad argument, however, is not from his own pen, because he has swept up mistakes from various authors. A merchant accepting money for goods is represented as taking the money as a trust or credit that he can exchange it again for goods he may hereafter need. This is not what actually takes place when money is received. If one element of the exchange be bank notes, then the merchant's real faith is that this very bank will, if asked, deliver the gold named in the note to him, or any subsequent holder on demand. Here he gives credit to this bank, by stepping into the position of his customer, who was previously its creditor. If he gets the gold this debt is satisfied, but the merchant may be as yet far from satisfied. He now holds gold, and as no one can be compelled to sell him anything for it, or, if selling, to barter at any specified proportions, he must go to the unsettled market, and make the best of the position of relative values prevailing at the moment. The division of credits into stationary and circulating is rather arbitrary. Credits vary in numerous degrees without any sharp line of demarcation from the most easily saleable and the most readily negotiable up to those which can only be transferred from one person to another by a deed or a garnishee order. Some credits are payable to the holder without any reservation or qualification. Some are drawn payable on demand to some particular person or his order, and may be crossed, so that the ultimate presentation must be through a current account with a bank. Some are payable so many days after sight, and some at a specified date. Some at one particular office and some at a multitude of offices. Some involve foreclosure and other tedious legalities, and so on. Most of them are saleable, though many are styled not negotiable, because their sale is impeded by various qualifications. Good money is accepted in payment of debts drawn in money terms, but a man who owes another man a ship or an engine cannot pay him with gold without a further transaction, or an action at law to ascertain the damage suffered by the creditor from the breach of the contract. A debt in cotton, or stocks and shares, can only be satisfied in gold upon terms newly ascertained, and constituting a new bargain substituted for the old, and fully recognising the rate of the creditor under the first bargain. Macleod is guilty of an absolute non sequitur when he says that, because no one can compel another to sell, when, therefore, any person has voluntarily taken money in exchange for anything, it is in reality only credit." This deduction does not follow, and, in fact, it is not true. What is true is that, in accepting money, credit, or ordinary goods a person acts on his estimate of what these assets will subsequently realise, or the pleasure he can himself derive from consuming them. Value is the attractiveness at the moment of the barter. The actual pleasure in consumption is problematical, and depends upon the varying states of the conditions and environment of the purchaser. Mr. Kitson himself wrongly holds that all commodities represent immediate satisfaction because they themselves satisfy human wants and desires. A commodity will satisfy a debt which names this commodity as the thing to be delivered to the creditor at a particular time and place. But even materialised commodities are not always the thing actually wanted and desired. Thus in the case of coal, it is not the mineral itself which is wanted, but the heat which it is capable of yielding at the moment of its consumption. In the world's business no doubt credit intervenes very beneficially, and results in more trade being done on a non-gold commodity basis, although all the instruments are in terms of gold. But there is some confusion in speaking of a great mass of credit "in use," and then alluding to it as an "enormous volume of stationary credit," which the footnote still further confuses by not making it clear whether checks, drafts, promissory notes, acceptances, etc., are or are not classed as being money or circulating credits. Credit, as Mill observes, is not productive power. It may be regarded as its antithesis. It is obviously based upon a reputed productive power, and it pledges a quantity of production in advance. It is true that the state of credit greatly affects prices. Both credit and price are estimates of uncertainties. All commerce, however, depends upon such guesses at the relations between the cost of replacing different commodities, and the variation in the human appetites for them, which go to make up anticipated supply and demand in the early future. But a free market with free, honest money is self-purifying, and though it does at times go mad with fear, as a reaction from a previous madness of hope, it cannot be improved by new inventions in monetary fiats. Possibly the editor of The Freewoman and Mr. Kitson do not propose any new species of fiat money or legal tender. Will they show the readers of the paper what sort of instrument they do propose for circulation? It is quite likely that the Bank Charter Act could easily and profitably be evaded by a bank which would issue a definite promise to deliver to the holder 123.244 grains troy of gold eleven-twelfths fine, or multiples of this quantity; these promises could be redeemed by the tender of gold coin of the realm, which consists of medals of gold of the weight and fineness stipulated. How would the editor and Mr. Kitson regard such notes, or what would they be prepared to promise in their own? Greevz Fysher. August 23rd, 1912. [The word "must" should have read "should." Had we 'lived in a community with a religion, "must" would have been in place. It was an individual "must," and requires individual enforcement. The "division of labour" question is referred to elsewhere.—Ed.] MR. KITSON'S CURRENCY THEORIES. Madam,—It is difficult to attempt to reason with those who confine themselves to unproved and unprovable assertions, especially where, in place of argument, these assertions—already demonstrated to be fallacious—are merely reiterated. Both of your correspondents—Messrs. C. F. Hunt and Greevz Fysher—are guilty of this. Taking Mr. Hunt's assertions seriatim: (1) It will be time enough for Mr. Hunt to pass judgment on "Mr. Kitson's absurdities," when he has read and understood the entire work from which the passages quoted are selected. Until then, Mr. Hunt's opinion is of no consequence. (2) The "greenbackers" knew far more of the true science of money than all the mono-metallic lunatics that ever wrote or lectured on the currency question. Most people would prefer to take the judgment of Benjamin Franklin, Washington, Lincoln, Thomas Paine, and Salmon P. Chase to that of Wall Street. (3 and 4) These statements are utterly irrelevant to anything written by me. (5) The dollar of account was used for many years in the United States, and had no metallic equivalent. In 1866 the inconvertible paper dollars exchanged for gold in the ratio of $9.50 gold to 10.50 paper. Which was the dollar, the gold or the paper? If gold, what was the paper? Mr. Hunt doesn't even know the history of the United States currencies. He should read Professor Red-path's "The Bond and the Dollar." (6) Currency reformers have already defined " new units," which, unlike the so-called commodity unit, are invariable. Mr. Fysher repeats his assertions regarding gold being the "most saleable" commodity, etc. The question Mr. Fysher should address himself to is whether gold would be as "saleable" a commodity as it is if we had perfect freedom in currency affairs as in ordinary trade? Why have governments found it necessary to enact legal tender laws, making the acceptance of gold by creditors and its payment by debtors compulsory, if gold is naturally adapted for functioning as the medium of exchange? As to "fiat money," where can Mr. Fysher find a nation where "fiat" money does not exist? There are dozens of ways in which currency notes could be issued. Supposing Harrods or Selfridge's were to issue notes promising to pay to bearer any goods contained in their stores to the value of £1 or £5, or any convenient denomination. Would not these function as good currency among their customers? September 3rd, 1912. Arthur Kitson DOLLARS AND CURRENCY. Madam,—(1) Mr. Kitson's absurdities are accumulating: Coin is not money, but it is "cash," he tells us. _ "Gold and silver coins of full value are not, scientifically speaking, money; they are not representatives of debt. The worth of gold and silver they contain cancels the debt which, as money, they represent." (2) The "greenbackers "in the U.S. are not yet done telling that the dollar is something entirely different from what the U.S. Government said it was at the outset. In a breath, Mr. Kitson tells us coins cannot be money, and cannot represent debt; also that as money they cancel the debts they represent. Financial trouble, he says, "is the result of attempting to redeem credits in one particular commodity, instead of in all." (3) A creditor who has been promised dollars, should be compelled to accept corn, hogs, or parsnips, whether he needs them or not. But at what price must he accept them? If at the market, then it is as easy to sell the truck, and make payment in dollars. (4) To avoid panics, a man must be allowed by law to pay his debts in steam rollers, if he has them, and nothing else. (5) The only U.S. dollar ever made or used is the coin dollar. (6) The currency reformer should invent a new unit, with a new name, and cease pretending and teaching that the dollar is something it never was. Chicago. C. F. Hunt. [See Mr. Kitson's reply.—Ed.] © © © "IN VINDICATION OF COMPETITION." Madam,—A single point among the many raised by Mr. Mylius will suffice as the theme for a letter. It is this: I deny emphatically that the present congested system of swollen trusts and underpaid wage-earners results from unrestricted freedom of contract or free competition; on the'contrary, the industrial evil is due to State interference with the free development of that essential mechanism of exchange, the credit system. Let us look back to the period of the industrial revolution in the latter half of the eighteenth century. Presumably it will not be denied that under the previous handicraft system competition, in conferring freedom of choice upon the individual in respect of his selection of his area of employment, or his purchase of commodities, produced none of the evils now manifested in our industrial system; these evils only appeared with the introduction of expensive steam-driven machinery. Now, the Marxian declares simply that, at the period of the industrial revolution, monopoly of machinery enabled factory owners to undersell the handworkers and drive them to work as wage-earners at low wages. I have spent a considerable portion of my leisure in asking Marxians to explain how such a monopoly of machinery was rendered possible. I have never yet received a satisfactory reply, because the aver- THE FREEWOMAN NOTICES &amp; TERMS OF SUBSCRIPTION EDITORIAL Letters, etc., intended for the Editor should be addressed: 9, John Street, Adelphi, London, W.C. Telegrams to address below. PUBLICATION All business communications relative to the publication of THE freewoman should be addressed, and all cheques, postal and money orders, etc., mode payable to the Publishers, stephen swift &amp; Co.. ltd., 16, King Street, Covent Garden, London, W.C. Telegrams to " Lumenifer, London." Terms of Subscription:—Yearly, 14s.; Six Months, 7s.; Three Months, 3s. 6d.; to any address in the Postal Union. ADVERTISEMENTS All orders, letters, etc., concerning advertisements should be addressed to the Manager, THE freewoman, 16, King Street, Covent Garden, London, W.C. age Marxian is entirely ignorant of the grave restrictions which the State had placed in the way of the possession of machinery and the free exchange of commodities—he is entirely ignorant of the part played in industry by credit. Hence he does not see that when the State prevented the free development of the credit system, it prevented banks from lending the produced wealth of the community to those handicraftsmen of ability who might have set up factories in competition with existing owners. Every such fresh factory would have tended to reduce the price of commodities, and, by exercising a demand upon the labour market, would have increased wages. The system of exchange, and more particularly the credit system, in any stage of society, expresses the degree of mutual confidence among the members of that society. Under freedom, the voluntary loan is the instrument by means of which ability is put in possession of capital wherewith to undertake production. In primitive times, when mutual trust is weak, the banker lends gold, and since gold is scarce he must charge a high price for his loan. But, at this stage, society is not seriously hindered by this excessive usury because tools are cheap. As mutual trust increases, the banker is able to circulate paper promises to pay gold to bearer on demand in place of gold itself, and since he is thereby enabled to work with an ever decreasing quantity of gold, he is able, and is compelled by competition from other bankers, to cheapen his loans. In 1694 the State stopped the free growth of banks in order to confer a monopoly (subsequently only slightly lessened) of note issue to a body of financiers which had helped it through a tight place. Now, with the introduction of machinery arose the first great need of a flexible credit system. Macleod records that the early factories were for the most part set up by means of credit advances from the early banks. But legal restrictions prevented the adequate growth of the banking system. Raw material was present in abundance; ability was not wanting; but the banker had been legally prevented from bringing the two together. What more natural than that the mass of handworkers should be driven to compete in a few factories at starvation wages, that the goods from these factories should be high priced (on account of lack of competition among employers), and that "over-production," or rather, under-consumption, should appear? What more natural, also, that in later days, faced with a continual inability to sell goods at high prices, and shielded by our vicious credit system from competition from below, employers should combine to avoid under-cutting? If one thing more were needed to complete the misery of the producing classes, it is that a set of reformers should arise who, overlooking the part played by clumsy State interference in causing low wages and unemployment, should call for more State interference to "remedy " the evil, and that the freedom of contract for which our forefathers battled so stoutly against monopolist and tyrant king, should be condemned as the root of all evil! Competition is only resented and libelled by the man whose commodity is a drug on the market. Labour is at present in this predicament; but it is State interference which has prevented the due conversion of the able worker into an employer. Under really free conditions there is not the least doubt that the demand for labour among employers would be greater than the supply, and the labourer, his commodity being in strong demand, would realise the sweet liberty of choice afforded by free competition to the man who possesses something which others desire. Henry Meulen, Hon. Secretary. Banking and Currency Reform League, 10, Adelphi Terrace, W.C, September 7th, 1912. @@@ RE INSURANCE BILL AND SANATORIA. An Open Letter to Mr. Lloyd George, an Appeal to Him, to Women, and to the Country. To the Rt. Hon. Lloyd George, sir,—I beg to submit for your earnest consideration a prospectus of the " First Prevention Better than Cure Centre," or " First Health Cenjre," the only institution of the kind that has ever been formed. We contend that we can only reach health through health, and not through disease and " Disease Centres," as we term them, such as hospitals and sanatoria, which are the abnormal avenues of health, and which therefore seldom land patients on their feet again; we therefore humbly suggest that it would be advisable to make provision in your Insurance Bill for " Health Centres," similar to the one described in the accompanying prospectus, which " Health Centre " has been erected as°a first model of the proposed establishments to be formed in different parts of the country, and later on over the whole world, for the reception of persons in whom sickness is not actually declared. At the meetings last summer of the " National Association for the Prevention of Consumption and other Forms of Tuberculosis," which lasted several days, and which I had the honour to address more than once, not only Mr. John Bums, President of the Local Government Board, but the doctors in general told us that in a short time consumption, this " Captain of the Man of Death," would be "erased from the land," and that, as the above speaker puts it, " twenty-five years hence consumption shall be (or should be) a thing of the past, like the pest, plague, etc." If so, is it worth while to spend millions of pounds on sanatoria? Or, if that immense sum is spent on them, would it not be wise to establish these institutions in such a way that they might afterwards serve as open-air sanitary dwellings for the people, dwellings in which, on paying a moderate sum (graduated perhaps according to incomes) the masses and people of all classes would at last be able to (1) form habits of health acquired in model places, such as this one at Chigwell, close to London, in which healthy people only are admitted; also (2) show to all through such places how to prevent disease, and how to carry out the laws of health whilst in health still. We have had, and we have, week by week, day by day, plenty of theory on the subject, but no practice. Let us have practice at last, an ounce of which is worth pounds of lectures, books, and talks in general! Whilst, as the doctors said at the above-named meetings, " the preventability of tuberculosis and its curability in its early stages have become almost axiomatic," our contention is that this falls short of the mark, and that true preventability really means the complete avoidance of these "early stages." We must face the humiliating fact that, whilst the poor are led to believe that they can be cured in hospitals and sanatoria, and are therefore rendered careless of their health, comparatively few (as already mentioned) are really restored to health in these institutions—a far fewer number than would be saved by actual preventive health centres. This is partly because, in many cases, as soon as the slightest symptoms appear the evil is irreparable, and it is also because of the drastic methods used in those establishments. Feeling intuitively that the chances of recovery are already slight, and in consequence afraid to lose a moment,the sanatoria apply at once, and without the proper graduation, the kill-or-cure system of ice-cold open-air, draught, etc., etc., which, coming to a patient already weak, and who, in his more or less close and ill-ventilated dwelling, has not been accustomed to anything of that kind, soon takes from him the last remnant of health and life that he or she possesses. This is certainly not the way to eradicate consumption nor any other disease from the land, nor is it a step in the right direction. What is needed are places which provide the fresh air and sunshine, essential to the human frame in order to keep it well. These " Health Centres " would be a great saving to the country, and, unlike the sanatoria, with all their complicated and unnatural and expensive paraphernalia, their numerous staff would take the evil in time, before it has so much as germinated, and, as it were, before it is born. Health is so much cheaper than disease. It is well known that the cash value of each healthy individual is estimated at over "300 to the community, whereas the invalid is not merely deficient in the cash value, but is an actual cost. It is worth making an effort, and the best of efforts. The individual discharged from the sanatoria, even when ' so-called cured, is rarely permanently so, and, as admitted by the doctors even, is never the same as he was before— the more so when he has to return to hard work, and to the sort of dwellings which the working man, the producer of the wealth of the land, has to contend with. Shall not the State do its duty, not only in providing what people call " decent homes," but by making the homes decent in rendering them among other things "air-opened," as wTe call it? Further, centres of disease, such as hospitals and sanatoria, necessarily spread infeotion at large through the emanations from the patients {assembled in numbers). What though these be imperceptible, there are emanations from diseases which are not supposed to be infectious, and still more is this the case with consumption. Certainly this is not the way to perfect health, and it has not been proved so in the past, either for the rich or for the poor, for those who had the means any more than it will do for those who will seek it in the future through the Insurance Bill. Hospitals and sanatoria are sores in the land; although they are needful for a time, we should do all in our power to make them unnecessary, rather 'than multiply them at the expense of that which would do away, in great part at least, with their necessity. I say "in great part," because there always will be accidents—especially with the present aeroplanes and motors—and some amount of illness too, though disease will be much reduced by these true sanatoria—the word at last being rightly used to describe institutions such as will tackle the possibility of illness before illness reaches the outside of the system in symptoms. Such places will benefit both body and soul, one as a consequence of the other. They should be erected where possible in the country, and also in the more open parts of towns, but with due consideration to the fact that they have to be near the places where the people work. There should, by-and-by, be no other houses built but on the model of such health-giving centres—no others permitted. And then, and then only, will consumption and the majority of diseases be eradicated! The upper class, which also is not exempt from illness, far from it, will benefit by this too, because of the source from which most of the diseases come, filtering slowly, insidiously, in the dark, undetected, rampant. It comes from the slums, as well as from all other "disease centres." Revengeful, unrelenting, deadly! The divers unsatisfactory ways of dwelling of all classes make them a likely prey to diseases which, in the shape of microbes, come floating across the land from the unhealthy slums—as well as from sanatoria and hospitals. Will you not, sir, exert your influence to attend to it, on the ilines of the prevention which is better than cure? Some school children have now (some only) an opportunity to breathe fresh air, but they have it for a short part of the summer only (and not for the whole year, as they should), and then they have to return to unhealthy homes where, we are told, they usually soon lose what they had gained. In such homes parents have to live—and die! This should not be. For their sake, for the sake of both parents and children, children and parents, who are one, and live as one, we appeal for all for a better state of things, such as is suggested above. Were the cost ten times as great its increased cash value of a healthy population would be cheap at the price. It would be cheap even if it cost more than disease centres; but, on the contrary, as said above, the economy of it will be beyond all calculation. This is so simple, and a matter of common sense! Shall we be like Naaman, who refused to bathe in the Jordan because it was all too simple, viz., water only...  and not blood? My meaning by this last expression is that hospitals are places of disease, groans, suffering, death, as well as of cost and complications—places where man and beast are experimented upon and tortured. Even if this were necessary for a time in the present conditions (and it is not), shall not everyone try to eliminate as speedily as possible conditions which bring such a state of affairs in their train? Health is the simplest of all things—it is simple because it is beautiful, and beautiful because it is simple. It will never be attained by introducing poisons into the system, in the shape of drugs, injections, lymphs, serums, etc., or in mutilating by unnatural operations the body made by God in His own image. Even though all this may supply a living for doctors, as war provides a living for soldiers, and strong drink one for publicans, etc., etc., we do not believe that the health of nations, and of the world at large, should be sacrificed to such considerations. There are plenty of good works which must wait to be done because those which should never be touched are allowed. Again, let doctors be doctors of hygiene, paid, as in China, for preventing disease; all will be well then, and some happiness for all parties at last will be provided, calling down on us the blessings of our God, who wishes us to "help ourselves" as a world by doing our duty to all, with His help. Lucy Thoumasom, nee Rossier de Visme (Madame). First " Prevention Better than Cure " Centre, Chigwell, Essex, Summer, 1912. THE ACTION OF MRS. LEIGH. Madam,—'May I be permitted to continue my protest against the theory that Mrs. Mary Leigh's recent action is, socially considered, wholly moral? I value your testimony that you have " a better thing on " which sets the barrier against similar action in your own case. I, too, have a better thing on. From the day when on entering Holloway Prison for the first time, October, 1906, I left as my prison message—"'It is not only the Vote we are fighting for, but everything that is involved in the giving of the Vote to women "—I have never swerved by a hair's-breadth in belief of and in love for the women's cause, of which I regard women's suffrage and militancy as present important manifestations. And this good thing I have on is no less a desire but that men and women shall understand themselves and one another to the extent of full, courageous, reciprocal trust. My theory of individualism is so catholic in its sphere of operation that it embraces the wonderful possibility of reaching the mind of a Mr. Asquith, however weakened in response as such a mind must inevitably be, by too long and acute attacks of prejudicitis. This theory of individualism recognises that Mr. Asquith has a soul to be preserved in freedom as well as I myself or the "lowest" criminal or prostitute. Therefore I cannot encourage Mrs. Mary Leigh or anyone else to attempt to terminate the individual free will of Mr. Asquith and others, without, so to speak, their written consent. Free individual I would readily avow myself: individualist in the new reading perhaps I may not be. You see, if I accept your judgment that Mrs. Mary Leigh is absolutely moral in following the dictates of her individual will wherever they may lead, I am bound to admit that there is some justification for many a prevailing theory. There is, for example, the notion of that funny animal, self-labelled Virile Man, who thinks that, by virtue of his virility, he has the right because it is his will to terminate powers of refusal on the part of other people, whether men or women. Your exposition of a morality of individual will is really quite clear; and I understand you, as well and clearly as I understand Mr. C. H. Norman. Now why not try to understand me? Upon what grounds do you infer that I do not wish, as I do with all my heart, the immediate release of Mrs. Mary Leigh; and that therefore I am not a thorough individualist? How can I, according to your own philosophic confessions, speak truthfully for anyone else but myself? Have I not actually declared that "I personally would welcome their immediate release"? I notice that the copy Telegrams—" Lumeoifer, London." Telephones—Gerrard 6449. Price Sixpence. Every Wednesday, IT IS RECOGNISED UNIVERSALLY THAT THE ONLOOKER is the SMARTEST ILLUSTRATED TOPICAL AND SOCIETY WEEKLY PAPER. The OnlooKer Abroad.—Copies are always on sale at the leading Kiosks, Newsagents and Railway Station Bookstalls of all the most important Cities on the Continent and Egypt. TERMS OF SUBSCRIPTION: UNITED KINGDOM - - 28/- ONE YEAR FOREIGN....  35/- Including Double Numbers and Postage. All Enquiries and Remittances should be foiwarded to 16, King Street, Covent Garden, London, W.C. of the petition sent to you by Mrs. Sheehy Skeffmgton does not ask for release at all. In fact, the only people who are asking for release are the members of the W.S.P.U. themselves. This is unquestionably the right thing for the W.S.P.U. to do. No; I do not ask for Mrs. Leigh's transference to the first division in order that her criminal status shall be raised; and I look in vain for any statements in former letters which would necessarily convey this. What I see most clearly, as also do you, is that Mrs. Leigh's methods will not help forward the cause of Votes for Women This Year, however much they may afford to Mrs. Leigh the peculiar joy (whether painful or not is another matter) of having realised her own feelings and views. The question for the W.S.P.U. is—are mystics or practical politicians in training? We have Mrs. Pankhurst's view on record in the second or third issue of the Standard's Woman's Platform. She favoured the practical politician theory. When Charlotte Corday stabbed Marat in his bath she definitely meant to kill him and went to her sure and certain death. Mrs. Skeffmgton's memorial says that no harm was intended by our comrade Mrs. Mary Leigh and her comrades. I hope I shall be pardoned for reiterating my opposition to Mrs. Mary Leigh's action as socially immoral; but my respect and liking for Mrs. Leigh as an individual are so definite that I wish the governing authorities would recognise her and others' invincible personal courage by discontinuing the ugly practice of feeding heroic prisoners by force. It is difficult to avoid striking the note of self-righteousness or of a Pharisaical self-complacency. I am doing my genuine best to avoid these pits of personal pride. But how short a time ago since you yourself were virtually asking the Government to treat W.S.P.U. rebels as ordinary criminals. It is true your reason for not wanting first-class treatment was the tactical one that injustice to rebels only made the fires of rebellion burn brighter; and you believed that "utter sincerity" would always convince the authorities of the foolishness of their practice in attempting to coerce the things of the spirit by material means. Bless me, Madam, that is the mighty issue: the world-issue of issues. Out of this interplay of forces come the delightful comedy, the screaming farce, the crushing tragedy of that tremendous experience, Life; and between these points perpetually we do swing! You have seen, have you not? that even the utter sincerity of Mrs. Leigh cannot reach the minds of the Powers that Be, for OF ALL HIGH GLASS DRAPERS AND STORES IN LONDON AND PROVINCES. THE FROCKS FOR CHILDREN AND MAIDS SEND POSTCARD FOR NAME OF NEAREST RETAILER TO "DOUGLAFROC" (c/o " FREEWOMAN "), 16, KING STREET, COVENT GARDEN, W.C. they do not understand; or rather what they do understand is, that in certain ways, by certain means, pressure is being brought to bear on their will. You have entered on a gallant task in attempting to move Will on a large scale. But how to move it? That is still the question for you as for many a thinker before you. Because of your own splendid sincerity I have not the least doubt in my own mind that a new philosophers' stone shall one day be yours; and I know that in that day your sex will be no disqualification in the eyes of Man. The teased shades of the Schopenhauers, the Nietzsches, and the Wein-ingers may (I do believe it) prepare for a long rest. Will you please indulge me further on the line of thought that your replies to me and others open up? The more I think over the recent New Age attacks on the woman movement, and incidentally on the free-woman movement, the more glad am I that they are to hand. Do you not see that by the actual terms of early numbers of THE FREEWOMAN, many a challenge has reached home; has found its mark? What more gratifying but that, philosophically speaking, the roused woman's spirit should call forth, if in but belated fashion, the roused man's spirit? I personally rejoiced that within the compass of those twenty-two columns of criticism we who are feminists should find such definite grounds for having been, and for continuing to be, feminists. The unutterables, the untranslatables, the unspeakables, of what has been mysteriously inarticulate in the anti-suffrage spirit, to hand in its newest form, in black and white, in language understood by our woman's brain though penned by the hand of man—is it not, all of it, the very thing we wanted? Surely we shall not, like many too-plastic male intelligences we know, allow ourselves to be hypnotised by phrases like "decent prostitution," though the lettering be twice ten yards high; by words like the good old bogey " hysteria," which was the death of that poor soul Otto Weininger; by the uterine mis-readings of a New Age contributor; by the various forms of accusation of nervous derangement made by the intellectual adversary, however medical his disguise; by the dreadful engines of law and order which Mr. C. H. Norman doth set before our feminine eyes? Madam, we could laugh these purveyors of imperfect Truth to death: we would much rather laugh them into a new life on a tide of sheer goodwill. But at least we will be ready to meet the intellectual gymnasts on their own ground; and if we are so minded we will smite them hip and thigh. We will choose our own time too! So please do not let us distrust even the subtlety of the New Age, as by many a quasi-judgment I see you do. A subtle truth is a finer truth. The answer to the question: when is subtlety synonymous with deceit? is when subtlety is synonymous with deceit. Let the opponent smother us in respect if he wills it. (I should translate your "excessive respect" by "dispassion," but it is a minor point.) Let our opponents, whoever they are, only be themselves, and no quarter will be asked. The sincerity of the opposition, whatever its form, shall count for us as its greatest virtue. We have no fear of it, for we have no fear of the Truth. Utter absence of fear is its own guerdon. We can afford to cherish as our talisman, faith even in man. When he talks of " hysteria," for instance, directly or obliquely, I bethink me of many of life's little problems which have, within my own mental observation, come my way. I have seen a man who would make two of me in the grip of a Big Fear because his doctor had murmured in his ear the dread word Neurasthenia; and while my heart offered an understanding sympathy, my brain recorded the verdict: Death by Diagnosis. I have seen a man of brilliant intellectual powers with tears of jealousy in his eyes because his superior in office demonstrated a personal happiness his clever brain could not fathom. (This man's character was about two years old; his brain was quite mature but sadly overworked.) I have seen a man who, in the moment of moral nausea succeeding a painful discovery, begged his wife, herself in the final stages of pregnancy, to plead for him with the man whom he had wronged. And she went. (I approve her action. I should have done the same myself.) I have seen a Cabinet Minister with tears of acute distress in his eyes because a suffragette had come upon him unawares. (I am not defending a theory of exquisite torture. Cruelty I hate, in any shape or form.) I have seen other Cabinet Ministers and their followers, temporarily loose their Man-Hood and take on the forms of bulls, pigs, bears, dogs, and even cats because earnest women would put inconvenient questions at inconvenient moments. I have seen certain ugly exponents of muscle-morality, who for long have accompanied Cabinet Ministers in TO EVERY READER OF "THE FREEWOMAN" The Swift Press begs to announce that, as a means of increasing the number of regular subscribers to " THE FREEWOMAN," arrangements have been made with Messrs. Stephen Swift &amp; Co., Ltd., to present MAX BEERBOHM'S CARTOONS "THE SECOND CHILDHOOD OF JOHN BULL" to every reader who will secure two new subscribers to "THE FREEWOMAN" for one year. The Cartoons are fifteen in number, each a full-page illustration (size 19J by 14 in.), and are notable examples of the famous cartoonist's happiest work. The Subscription to "THE FREEWOMAN" for one year is 14/-(post free), payable in one sum or by four quarterly payments of 3/6. Fill up two forms on the lines of the appended form and send them to us, together with your Cheque or a Postal Order for the whole sum, 28/-, or the first instalment of 7/-, and we will at once send you a set of the Cartoons, and supply weekly two copies of "THE FREEWOMAN" for a period of Twelve Months. If you would prefer not to deface your number by cutting it, copy out two similar forms on to a sheet of notepaper, and send them to us—they will do just as well. To "THE FREEWOMAN," Dept. A, 16, King Street, Covent Garden, London, W.C. Please supply me with " THE FREEWOMAN " for one year, commencing with your issue dated............................, and (free of all charge to me) a copy of Max Beerbohm's Cartoons, "The Second Childhood of John Bull." I enclose cheque (or postal order) for 14/-*, or 3/6 and hereby agree to forward the balance in three equal quarterly instalments of 3/6. FOR ONE MONTH ONLY. FREE OF CHARGE A COMPLETE SET OF Name Address * Cross out figures not used. their walks abroad, attempt to demonstrate the theory that every bruise on a woman's body represents a blow to the woman's cause. I have seen a man of extraordinary size and physique charging women less than five feet high in the exuberance of a belief that in the last resort physical force wins the day. I am not going on. I could do. All these things have I seen, and in never a case did the intellectual truth escape me that such happenings would, in the case of woman, have indicated hysteria. What do they indicate in man? I have asked myself; and something within has definitely and persistently replied—why, if there is anything in the word, H-a! Personallv, I prefer the blessed word Mesopotamia; but "hysteria" is, I doubt not, a better word for all forked-radishes and test-tubes masquerading as Man. Believe me it is a misunderstanding—this notion that papers like the New Age are papers for men only. Our Old Adams like that. I remember that one of these writers, only the other day, warned women off from his "Tale for Men Only "; and mightily diverted one woman reader was by the suggestion. What amusing impudence! Apart from the democratic fact that the acceptance of my weekly threepence entitles me to read at least my own copy, just sufficient brains are mine to guarantee real enjoyment in the reading of studies in practical psychology whenever I can get them. The audacious author under examination actually imported into the same chapter in which he over-modestly eschewed women readers, a reference to Pythagoras of all people—.Pythagoras who understood woman sufficiently to admit her into his ancient sodality. I do not hesitate to allow that Pythagoras instituted a distinct order for women: even the intuitions of a Pythagoras were limited by the intellectual ambit of his time. The world has lived and accumulated unto itself rich experience since then. Two thousand years of Christianity are not to be dismissed with a wave of the pen. The love-sacrifice of Christ has (pace Miss Rebecca West) been accepted. The gifts of the New Adam to us who are wo-MAN as well as to men who are MAN, were the aristocratic injunction: Be ye Perfect; and that mighty promise to democracy; I tell you, ye are gods. The New Age asks for a better woman than Eve; and because the New Eve chooses her garment to suit the needs of her times, the New Age does not know her. "Intensely Conservative."—review of reviews. \j~ Monthly. Monthly \\" TO MODERNISTS. The Oxford 8 Cambridge Review flings down the gauntlet (take it up who will!), and proclaims, in the face of all men and women, that it stands for the great principle of ORTHODOXY. That it may open the eyes of yet more persons to the fact that Orthodoxy is not Odious nor Outworn, that Cleverness is not Confined to Cranks, and that Christian Conservatism will indubitably Conquer. The Review will henceforth present itself to the public at the price of 1/- Net. september number now ready. annual subscription, 12/6. STEPHEN SWIFT &amp; CO., LTD., 16, King Street, Covent Garden, W.C. "Continues to be a handsome and substantial publication." — Church Family Newspaper. But what voice more certain than the New Age's that Psyche shall ever transcend Cupid in human worth; and what inconsistency more marked than the New Age's when it wilfully proposes to shut down the very conditions which would give Psyche her chance of growth—growth it will be remembered, ever denied to our Cupids? Nor let us worry about Delilah! She is quite out of date. Delilah has slain her thousands maybe; but the New Eve shall save her ten thousands. 1 grant you Delilah wins home every time when Man falls back on man; and right well does he deserve the hair-cutting process! Mr. John Masefield voiced the feeling of the New Eve when referring, as he once did, to the beastly image of John Bull. How truthfully eloquent such national tradition is! This New Eve objects to the elevation of the sub-human elements in man over the human: whether they be taurine, equine, porcine or canine. Her totem is MAN. You speak my mind's truth when you assert that the woman's cause is man's; but I think you make grave error in not recognising the pull of that particular diversity in unity which accounts for many a man's fundamental antagonism to the practice of full and equal freedom between women and men. There is a distinct feminine issue which had better be met and faced now, this generation, than be allowed to provide fresh misunderstandings leading to Man's further betrayal of Man. Certain conscious or unconscious turns of phrase in the criticisms already referred to, are brutally but triumphantly indicative of a situation which thousands of women, in all walks of life, are facing every day. I should like to suggest, as one of your most interested readers, that the time has come for the resumption of the original sub-title of The FREEWOMAN, in addition to, or in place of, the present one. There does not seem to me so pressing a need for the demonstration that the humanist is also feminist, as that the feminist should vindicate her claim to be humanist. W. H. Smith and Sons are not to be congratulated on their decision to exclude the FREEWOMAN from their bookstalls. They have, it would seem, been dosed with Earl Percy's decoction of fears. Their judgment is both premature and immature; for, excepting your approval of theories which allow of men and women realising their individual wills at the possible and probable expense of other people's lives, I know nothing in your general position (sex-reform and all) which is not in close accordance with the spirit of Christian ethics, to which it bears more than a close resemblance. But welcome all challenges to the workings of the courageous spirit! Knowing that the woman movement is a very real thing, I myself should welcome additional emphasis on the whole-world feminist position. Feminism has come to stay until this civilisation breaks through those weakening prejudices of sex-fear which everywhere hinder the free and natural movement towards True Man. Why—if Mr. Asquith could see, as I have seen, the possibilities for national greatness in the immediate practice of an equality of rights and opportunities and duties between women and men, he would lay aside his robe of prejudice; and his opposition to women's suffrage would cease to-morrow! If your contributor Mr. C. H. Norman could know, as I know, the sweetness and sanity of woman's aspirations for full and equal freedom with men before the law, he would cease from appealing to the coward-fear which lies latent in woman as well as in man; and himself fight for woman's freedom. If the New Age could realise, as I have realised, the limiting effect on Man's intellectual powers by the inhibition of Wo-Man's full natural powers, it would amend its present position in the very next issue. It is something to the good that you will, perchance, publish such letters as this of mine; but it is infinitely more significant that the New Age won't. That is a victory. Mary Gawthorpe. [The discussion is now closed.—Ed.] THE MOUNTJOY PRISONERS. Madam,— I enclose herewith a draft of a new petition on behalf of Mrs. Mary Leigh and Miss Gladys Evans, now being forcibly fed in H.M. prison Mountjoy, which will, I hope, be signed by hundreds of your readers in the course of the next few days. I should like to reply personally to the writers of a very large number of letters which have reached me since the publication of my recent letter in the press; but it is an impossible task. All correspondents, many of whom enclosed stamped addressed envelopes, shall have petitions forwarded very shortly; and future correspondents will greatly oblige by enclosing stamped and addressed large envelope. If you, Madam, would kindly consent to receive applications for petitions on the same terms (stamped addressed envelopes) at your office, and receive signed petitions, the present wholly voluntary effort would be greatly assisted. Mary Gawthorpe. To his Excellency the Lord Lieutenant General and General Governor of Ireland and his Chief Secretary, the Right Honourable Augustine Birrell, M.P. The Humble Petition of the Undersigned, on behalf of Miss Gladys Evans and Mrs. Mary Leigh, sheweth: — That Gladys Evans and Mary Leigh were convicted at the Commission of Oyer and Terminer held at Green Street in the City of Dublin on the 6th and 7th August, 1912, of attempting to set fire to the Theatre Royal, and causing explosions therein, and were sentenced by Mr. Justice Madden, the presiding judge, to five years' penal servitude. We your petitioners respectfully submit 1. That the purity and honesty of the motives of the said Gladys Evans and Mary Leigh have been questioned by no one, and were recognised by both judge and counsel for the Crown at the said trial. 2. That the sentences are far in excess of those which have been imposed in Great Britain for former political, social, labour, or sectarian outrages, and far in excess of imposed punishments inflicted in the United Kingdom for serious crimes committed for purposes of gain. 3. The said acts were done for no purposes of gain or selfish desire, but simply and solely in furtherance of a political cause, namely, the enfranchisement of women. 4. That subsequent to the committal of the said Gladys Evans and Mary Leigh to H.M. Prison Mountjoy feeding by force has been resorted to by the authorities because the aforesaid prisoners will not submit to treatment as ordinary criminals, and have demanded the treatment due to those who commit illegalities in the course of a political agitation. 5. That the practice of forcible feeding has been in continuance for many days, and is now continuing in H.M. Prison Mountjoy. We your petitioners, while declaring our opposition to the policy of personal physical violence on undefended people, plead on highest human grounds 1. That the undoubted courage of the protesters requires to be met by different treatment than the retaliation of forcible feeding. 2. That forcible feeding is not a solution, but only an aggravation to women who feel themselves to be defending a position of high principle. 3. That the forcible feeding of rebellious prisoners of this character does not uphold the dignity of the law or vindicate the high office of judgeship, inasmuch as resisting prisoners cannot be fed by force without danger to life and health, and prisoners so fed have had to be released m a very large number of cases before the termination of their sentences. We would therefore beg 1. That the forcible feeding of the aforesaid Gladys Evans and Mary Leigh shall cease. 2. That they be treated as political offenders and be accorded the same privileges which have been recently given to Irish Suffragists in H.M. Prison Mountjoy. 3. That the sentences of the said Gladys Evans ana* Mary Leigh be greatly reduced. And your petitioners will ever pray. Note to Correspondents.—While in our opinion the correspondence is the most fruitful part of the paper, and in no way wishing to limit the number of our correspondents, we ask them to be as concise as possible. In this week's issue the letters are approaching the front page, and several are held over. In future preference will be given to those correspondents who sav much in little.—Ed. We regret that owing to an oversight the article entitled "The New Hygiene," one of a series of articles entitled "The New Order," which appeared in the issue of August 29th, over the single signature, H. M. Mac-dona'ld, should have been W. A. Macdonakl and H. M. Macdonald. — Ed.] WOMEN AS INVENTORS. If you have an IDEA for an INVENTION AND PATENT, protect it at once and secure the full advantage. There is an increasing number of successful Women Patentees, Full particulars and pamphlet of information post free from Messrs. RAYNER &amp; CO., Regd. Patent Agents, S7, Chancery Lane, London, W.C. Miscellaneous. The charge for announcements in THESE COLUMNS is ONE PENNY per WORD (MINIMUM 12 WORDS) and must be PREPAID. If desired, replies can be addressed c/o THE FREEWOMAN Office. Advertisements must be received by SATURDAY, FIRST POST, for the next issue, published on Thursday. While no guarantee can be given, advertisements will appear in any particular issue if at all possible. Any held over will appear in the following issue. All communications to be addressed to THE ADVERTISING MANAGER, THE FREEWOMAN, 16, King Street, Covent Garden, London, W.C. Telephone: Gerrard 6449. DOGS. Fox Terriers, smooth or wire-haired. Excellent for lonely house or as companions.—The Thatches, Pang-bourne. HOUSES, BOARDING HOUSES. NORTH DEVON—Seaside Cottage to be let, 4 rooms.— L. W., Box 1243, c/o The FreewOxMan, 16, King Street, Covent Garden, W.C. WEST CENTRAL—Boarding House (Ladies only) has two vacancies—intellectual circle—moderate charges. Write—Box 1562, The Freewoman, 16, King Street, Covent Garden, W.C. Two (or Three) Good Furnished Rooms, use kitchen, etc.; suitable for studious gentlewomen; Chelsea. —Box 1543, The Freewoman, 16, King Street, Covent Garden, W.C. MISCELLANEOUS. Turkish Cigarettes. Hand made. Fine quality pure Turkish Tobacco. Medium size, round, 3/4 per 100. Full size, flat, 3/10 per 100; postage free.—Herbert Dunhill, Lowlands Road, Harrow. Poultry Farm, Vacancy for pupil; small premium.— Write Yonkers, c/o The Freewoman, 16, King Street, Covent Garden, W.C. Ladies' Gowns and Costumes bought and sold. Most reliable and satisfactory.—Madame P., c/o The Freewoman, 16, King Street, Covent Garden, W.C. Portraits reproduced from old. photographs. New process.—Box 1533, c'o The Freewoman, 16, King Street, Covent Garden, W.C. A BOOK FOR MARRIED WOMEN. By DR. ALLINSON. The information contained in this book ought to be known by every married woman, and it will not harm the unmarried to read. The book is conveniently divided into twelve chapters. The first chapter treats of the changes of puberty, or when a girl becomes a woman. The second ckapter treats of marriage from a doctor's standpoint; points out the best ages for marriage, and who should have children and who not, and furnishes useful information that one can ordinarily get only from an intelligent doctor. The third chapter treats of the marriage of blood relations; and condemns such marriages as a rule. Chapter four treats of the signs of pregnancy. The fifth chapter tells how a woman should live during the pregnant state. The sixth chapter treats of mishaps and how to avoid them. The seventh chapter treats of material impressions, and shows that birth marks are not due to longings on the part of the mother, but rather to her poor health. The eighth chapter teaches how to have easy confinements. Certain people believe that women should bring forth in pain and trouble, but the hygienic physician says that confinements can be made comparatively easy if certain rules are obeyed; these rules are given. The ninth chapter treats of the proper management of confinements until the baby is born. The tenth chapter tells how to treat the mother until she is up and about again. The eleventh chapter treats of sterility j gives the main causes of it, how these may be overcome and children result. The last chapter treats of the " change," a most important article for all women over forty. The book is full of useful information, and no book is written which goes so thoroughly into matters relating to married women. Some may think too much is told; such can scarcely be the case, for knowledge is power and the means of attaining happiness. The book can be had in an envelope from Dr. T. R. Allinson, 381. Room, 4, Spanish Place, Manchester Square, London, W., in return for a Postal Order for Is. 2d. "Ought Women to be Punished for Having Too Many Children'* Post W free 4d. MARIE FISHER, 78, Chapel AllertonTerrace, LEEDS. STEPHEN SWIFT'S Latest Announcements Social and Political Series. 3s. 6d. each. FROM THEATRE TO MUSIC HALL. By W. R. TITTERTON. "How admirably he describes and analyses the work of many of the actors and dancers of the day. The book is certainly quite a brilliant picture of its side of London life, and to say that it does not contain a dull page underrates badly its extraordinary vivacity."—Observer. "A most vivacious volume...  a second edition of the book which seems sure to be called for."—Pall Mall Gazette. THE DOCTOR AND HIS WORK. By CHARLES J. WHITBY, M.D. SECRET DIPLOMACY. By geo. ELLER. Miscellaneous. TRIPOLI AND YOUNG ITALY. By CHARLES LAPWORTH in Collaboration with HELEN ZIMMERN. Fully Illustrated, ios. 6d. net. The Italian Prime Minister has written officially to the author, expressing his congratulations and thanks for a book which he describes as "a veritable act of homage to the truth...  a book which will make all fair-minded people realise the sincerity and righteousness of the new manifestation of vitality on the part of the Italian Nation." SOME OLD ENGLISH WORTHIES. By DOROTHY SENIOR, ios. 6d. net. " She has rewritten the histories of such ' old worthies ' as Thomas of Reading, George-a-Green, Roger Bacon, and Friar Rush, retaining just as much of the charm of early language as is consistent with facility in reading. The result is particularly happy."—Vanity Fair. "A charming book, well designed and well printed."—Athenaum. THE EPISODES OF VATHEK. Bv WILLIAM BECKFORD. Translated by the late Sir Frank T. Makzials. With an Introduction by Lewis Melville, and containing the original French, and photogravure of the author. 21s. net. VATHEK. Small crown 8vo, cloth extra, is. net. With notes by Henley and an introduction by Dr. Garnett. ENGLISH LITERATURE, 1880-1905; Pater, Wilde, and After. By J. M. KENNEDY. Demy 8vo, cloth, 7s. 6d. net. Mr. J. M. Kennedy has written the first history of the dynamic movement in English literature between 1880 and 1905. IN DEFENCE OF AMERICA: For the Enlightenment of John Bull By BARON VON TAUBE. 5s. net. "Baron von Taube has the faculty of keen observation, not altogether superficial, and the rare gift of expressing his conclusions convincingly and with the saving grace of humour."—Literary World. "Tactful and interesting eulogy of the United. States takes a form which makes it peculiarly effective."—Scotsman. OFF BEATEN TRACKS IN BRITTANY. By EMIL DAVIES. Crown 8vo, cloth, 7s. 6d. net. "Should be read with equal pleasure by readers curious about Brittany, and by those who wish to be entertained by sharing the enjoyment of a skilful holiday maker."—Scotsman. "A good deal of brightness in the narrative."—Observer. BRITISH BATTLE BOOKS. By hilaire belloc Blenheim, Waterloo. Malplaquet. is. net each. Of "Waterloo" the Nation says: "Everyone who wishes to join in the controversy or even to understand what the discussion is all about, we earne stly recommend Mr. Belloc's brief monograph. Let everyone, before entering the society of military men three years hence, get this little book almost by heart." A Neglected Factor in Economics. THE CONSUMER IN REVOLT. By Mrs. BILLINGTON-GREIG. is. net. The author claims that there will be no satisfactory solution of the present industrial unrest until labour has won the assistance of the consumers. Pungent Satire. HOW TO MAKE MONEY. By STAFFORD NORTH, is. net. To be Issued this Autumn. AN INTRODUCTION TO METAPHYSICS. By HENRI BERGSON. Authorised Translation by T. E. Hulme. is. 6d. net. FOUR ESSAYS ON RELIGION. By RUDOLF EUCKEN. Translated by Dr. Tudor Jones. 2s. 6d. net. PSYCHOLOGY; A NEW SYSTEM. By ARTHUR L. LYNCH. Two volumes, 21s. net. THE LAND WAR IN IRELAND. By WILFRED SCAWEN BLUNT, ics. 6d. net. CONSTRUCTIVE CONSERVATISM. By Dr. HARRY ROBERTS. With a preface by L. S. Amerv. is. net. BANNED Here are two books that really matte —bo &gt;ks written with authority by men who know Li/e. and who recogivse the urgent need 0/ their felt w men to know it also. And yet these are banned by the lib&gt; a&gt; ics—one wholly, the other partiall v Read what the leading critics throughout the country have to say of them. THE CONFESSION OF A FOOL By AUGUST STRINDBERG. Price 6s. (1) WHOLLY BANNED The Athenaum says that "when it is claimed by Strindberg's admirers that this work is not only profound, but also moral, no competent and fair-minded critic can well deny the claim... As a work of art it imposes first of all by its audacity, and next by its sinister gloom. One is aware that the handling is the handling of a master." The Pall Mall Gazette says:—'The Kreutzer Sonata' itself is not more unaffected in its implacable simplicity. There is, indeed, in the whole range of literature probably no parallel to these tormented confidences." William Purvis, in the Sunday Chronicle, says:—I can only say that after reading him I felt more moral, more virtuous than at any other well-remembered moment of my life." The Observer says:—"Obviously sincere, amazingly outspoken, but rarely offensive." The Manchester Guardian says:—"These confessions are as much a preaching of purity as Tolstoi's ' Kreutzer Sonata ' is....  Here, too, we have the greatest of Swedish classics as a descriptive writer; and how powerful, how original these descriptions are, never brought in for the sake of description, always fused with the imood of the moment, the light cast on nature for a mind for ever changing its untamable fires."THE DAUGHTERS OF ISHMAEL By REGINALD WRIGHT KAUFFMAN. Price 6s. (2) PARTIALLY BANNED The Liverpool Post declares that it is "The ' Uncle Tom's Cabin' of the White Slave Traffic, and is likely, we believe and hope, to do all that Mrs. Beecher Stowe's famous work accomplished for the black." The Morning Post that it is "The kind of book that moves one to action, and may prove, like one or two famous novels before it, to be the inspiration of a great crusade." The English Review that "it is a thoroughly moral book—a book, above all, that all serious women, notoriowsly ignorant about these matters, should read quietly and seriously." To be Issued in the Autumn. BROKEN PITCHERS By REGINALD WRIGHT KAUFFMAN. 6s. ALSO BANNED A NIGHT IN THE LUXEMBOURG By REMY DE GOURMONT. Translated, with a Preface and Appendix, by Arthur Ransome. 5s. net. "An audacious excursus of fancy pieced together with the fertile skill of a consummate artist....  Mr. Ransome's translation is one of the best things he has done. In the truest sense he has captured the quintessential spirit of the book with rare felicity and sensitiveness of expression."—Athenaum. "It is a subtle book, full of gaiety and thought, and as dangerous and unpleasant to those who have been too long swaddled in traditional beliefs as a mountain breeze is dangerous and unpleasant to one who has sat too long in a hot room."—Observer. 3 Important Novels. SHADOWS OUT OF THE CROWD By RICHARD CURLE. 6s. "Gives unusual "In some respects Mr. Curie's work recalls that of Mr. Joseph Conrad." —Eye-Witness. "Exhibits a skill both of writing and invention which is certainly remarkable."—Manchester Guardian. IN A GERMAN PENSION By KATHERINE MANSFIELD. Third Edition. 6s "We have seldom read more vivid sketches with so great an economv of words."—Morning Post. THE RACE OF CIRCUMSTANCE By H. R. CAMPBELL. 6s. "Qualities of brilliance."—Spectator. "Passages of true power."—Manchester Guardian. A unique list of powerful new fiction to be published this Autumn can be obtained gratis on application to STEPHEN SWIFT &amp; Co., Ltd., 16, King Street, Covent Garden. res satisfying evidence of a gift of psychological analysis of" an il order."—The Nation. Printed by Hazell, Watson &amp; Viney, Ld., 4-8. Kirby Street, Hatton Garden, London, E.C.: and Published weekly for the Proprietors at the Office, 16, King Street, Covent Garden, London. W.C.