The Crisis FIRST ANNIVERSARY NUMBER THE CRISIS RECORD OF THE DARKER RACES Volume Three   NOVEMBER, 1911   Number One The Quadroon Daughter of Twilight, Mothered of Midnight, Fathered of Daylight and Dawn; Shadow of Sunlight, Shimmering Starlight, Sister of Forest and Fawn! Maid of a Morrow, Mistress of Sorrow, Mingled of Mourning and Mirth; Born of World Brotherhood, Crowned of all Motherhood, Beauty of Heaven and Earth! Photo by SCURLOCK ONE DOLLAR A YEAR TEN CENTS A COPY Those Xmas Gifts Of course it's early, but after all Christmas is but seven little weeks away. No w we've prepared a Christmas card with one of TH E CRISIS girls on it. You know the one—with wistful face and the shadow of songs in her eyes. This we'll print daintily in delicate brown on fine cardboard, together with a sprig of holly, naturally, and that sort of thing. Then we'll add some words like these: DEAR FRIEND: To wish you MERR Y CHRISTMAS I have ordered TH E CRISIS sent to you throughout the GLAD NEW YEAR. All this, of course, in deep old gothic type with initials illuminated— CRISIS way. Quite a lovely card in itself. Really, now, haven't you several friends of varied color who would appreciate this gift? A postcard will bring you as many of these cards as you wish. THE CRISIS A RECORD OF THE DARKER RACES Published by the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, at 20 Vesey Street, New York City. W. E. BURGHARDT DU BOIS. Editor (OSWALD GARRISON V1LLARD J. MAX BARBER M. D. MACLEAN. Managing Editor Contributing CHARLES EDWARD RUSSELL FRANK M. TURNER. Circulation Manager editors W.S. BRAITHWAITE ALBON L. HOLSEY. Advertising Manager KELLY MILLER CONTENTS FOR NOVEMBER, 1911 ALONG TH E COLOR LINE 7 OPINION 13 MEN OF TH E MONTH 18 NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE 20 EDITORIAL 21 ARAB SCHOOL: Photograph 22 A YEAR OF SEGREGATION: By W. Ashbie Hawkins 27 SOME HEADLINES 31 WOMEN'S CLUBS: Colored American Women. By Dr. S. M. Stewart 33 THE BURDEN 34 WHAT TO READ 35 TH E CHRISTMAS CRISIS W e shall be in complete new dress for Christmas, thanks to the hand of Miss Louise Latimer. Our cover will have a reproduction of that fine old masterpiece by Albrecht Durer, "The Adoration of the Magi," with the black king as a central figure. The original is in Florence. Then there will be a daring Christmas story: "Jesus Christ in Georgia." It will be a splendid number. Order it early. W e have begun our campaign for a circulation of 25,000, and our subscription clerk is pretty busy. Agents wanted who can furnish references. Entered as second-class matter in the post office at New York City. 4 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Atlanta University Is beautifully located in the City of Atlanta, Ga. The courses of study include High School, Nor mal School and College, with manual training and domestic science. Among the teachers are graduates of Yale, Harvard, Dartmouth, Smith and Wellesley. Forty-one years of successful work have been completed. Students come from all parts of the South. Graduates are almost universally successful. For further information address President EDWARD T. WARE ATLANTA, GA. Knoxville College Beautiful Situation, Healthful Location The Best Moral and Spiritual Environment A Splendid Intellectual Atmosphere Noted for Honest and Thorough Work Offers full courses in the following departments: College, Normal, High School, Grammar School and Industrial. Good water, steam heat, electric lights, good drainage. Expenses very reasonable. Opportunity for Self-help. Fall Term Opened Sept. 27, 1911. For information address President R. W. McGranahan KNOXVILLE, TENN. FORWARD Virginia Unio n University RICHMOND, VA . MARCH YOUR SON OFF T O Wilberforce University A College Department, of high standards and The only school in the country for Negro Youth which has a Military Department equipped by the National Government, and commanded by a detailed United States Army Officer. DEPARTMENTS MILITARY SCIENTIFIC NORMAL TECHNICAL COMMERCIAL THEOLOGICAL CLASSICAL MUSICAL PREPARATORY Banking taught by the actual operations in the Students' Savings Bank. Twelve Industries, 180 acres of beautiful campus, Ten Buildings. Healthful surroundings, exceptional community. Maintained In part by the State of Ohio which supplies facilities for the thorough training of teachers. Fall term began September 19th, 1911. Write for Catalog. W. S. SCARBOROUGH, President WM. A. JOINER, Superintendent, C. N. I. Department. Address all communications to BOX 36 WILBERF ORCE, OHIO Mention modern curriculum. A Theological Department, with all subjects generally required in the best theological seminaries. An Academy, with manual training, giving a preparation for life or for college. The positive moral and religious aim of the school, its high standards of entrance and of class work, its fine new buildings and well-equipped laboratories and library, prepare a faithful student for a life of wide usefulness. GEORGE RICE HOVEY President Shaw University This institution of learning, established in 1865, has industrial departments for both young men and young women, as well as college, normal and preparatory departments. There are also Schools of Law, Medicine, Pharmacy and Theology. The facilities have recently been increased. Other improvements are being planned that will be completed within the next two years. Applications should be made several months or a year in advance, for it has become impossible during the last few years to receive all who apply. The present enrollment is over 500. The academic year begins on the* Thursday nearest the first day of October and continues for thirty-two consecutive weeks. The charges are moderate. Catalogues furnished upon application. Address TH E PRESIDENT Shaw University, Raleigh, N. 0. THE CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Atlanta Baptist College ATLANTA, GEORGIA Established 1867 A School for Boys and Men DEPARTMENTS: GRADES FINE EQUIPMENT ACADEMY S TRONG FACULTY COLLEGE DIVINITY SCHOOL Societies, Debating Clubs and Athletics. For further information address JOHN HOPE, President. American Church Institute for Negroes SIX SCHOOLS The Bishop Payne Divinity School, Peters-burgh, Va. Warden, the Reverend C. B. Bryan, D.D.; St. Augustine's School, Raleigh, N. 0., for normal and collegiate training, the Reverend A. B. Hunter, Principal; the St. Paul Normal and Industrial School, Lawrenceville, Va., the Reverend James S. Russell, Principal; St. Athanasius' School, Brunswick, G-a., Mr. A. N. Perry, Principal; St. Mark's School, Birmingham, Ala., the Reverend C. W. Brooks, Principal; the Vicksburg Industrial School, Vicksburg, MisB., the Reverend W. H. Marshall, Principal. For information apply to the principal at any school or to the Reverend Samuel H . Bishop, General Agent, 416 Lafayette Street, New York City. BOOKS Publications of the N. A. A. C. P. The N. A. A. C. P. has for sale the following pamphlets: 1. Disfranchisement: A powerful argument by the Rev. John Haynes Holmes. 2. Education in the South: Facts about the discrimination against the Negro. By the Rev. Horace Bumstead, former president of Atlanta University. 3. The Real Race Problem: A scientific comparison of the black and the white man by Americans foremost anthropologist, Prof. Boas, of Columbia University. 4. Social Control. By Jane Addams, of Hull House. 5. The Negro as a Soldier. By Brigadier- General Burt, U. S. A. FIVE CENTS EACH, THRE E DOLLARS A HUNDRED The Curse of Race Prejudice JAMIS F. MORTON, JR., A.M. , Author and Publisher Forceful, rational, comprehensive. An arsenal of facts and unanswerable arguments. Invaluable for propaganda. Read the chapter on "The Bugbear of Social Equality," which is a veritable eye-opener. Thousands already sold. Agents wanted everywhere. PRICE 25 CENTS Address the Author at 244 West 143d Street, New York, N. Y. DO YOU READ BOOKS? THEN READ PAGE SIX. The A Novel by Quest W. E. BURGHARDT of the DU BOIS Drawings by H. S. DE LAY Fleece Here is a story of the darker world in the South and in Washington, D. C. It is dramatic in style and absorbing in interest and expresses the feeling of colored people about themselves and their own problems; at the same time it shows how both black folk and white are caught in the power of King Cotton. AT ALL BOOKSTORES PRICE $1.35 NET A. C. McGLURG &amp; CO. New York Chicago Sao Francisco PUBLICATIONS A. M. E. Book Concern Philadelphia, Pa. THE POEMS OF PHILLIS WHEATLEY. Reprint of first edition 1773; a valuable book. Price, $1.00. THE NEGRO PROBLEM. An analysis: What It Is Not and What It Is; by R. R. Wright, Jr. In pamphlet form, 15 cents. THE COLORED REGULARS. By T. 6. Steward, Chaplain U. S. A., retired. Price, $1.50. EVOLUTION AND LIFE. By Algernon B. Jackson, Surgeon-in-chief Mercy Hospital. Price, THE NEGRO IN PENNSYLVANIA. A Study in Economic History; By R. R. Wright, Jr., Sometime Research Fellow in Sociology in the University of Pennsylvania. (Ready Nov. 15th.) Price, Paper, $2.00; Cloth, $2.50. Address A. M. E. BOOK CONCERN 631 Pine Street, Philadelphia, Pa. Atlanta University Studies of the Negro Problems 15 Monographs. Sold Separately. Address: A. G. DILL Atlanta University, Atlanta, Ga. Mention TH B CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER ARE/YOU INTERESTED IliWTHEjlil KEGRO PROBLEM THE 	THE PARTOPIT BOORS ORMW HAOAZINE STUDENTS OF THE NEGRO PROBLEM An d general readers will The Souls of Black Folk, DuBois find this list embraces the TH E CRISIS most popular and compre History of the Negro • Washington 	A RECORD OF THE DARKER RACES hensive studies of the Negro John Brown DuBois question. They are the best books by the best Up From Slavery • • Washington 	writers and thinkers. By special arrangements with Poems of Paul Laurence the publishers of the books Dunbar we are in position to make combination offers at re Poems of W. S. Braith markably low prices. This offer is good for a limited waite time only and is made to Race Adjustment = Miller increase the subscription list of Negro In the New World, Johnston Following the Color Line, Baker THE CRISIS Works of Charles W. the magazine edited by W . E. B. DuBois with the co-operation of Oswald Garrison Chestnutt V.llard, Charles, Edward Russell, Kelly Miller and Atlanta University Studies others. TheCrisis is the organ of the National As Negro and the Nation = Merriam sociation For the Advancement of Colored People / i Washington and is a record of every important happening and Negro In the South To the movement in the world which bears on the great 1 DuBois Publishers problems of inter-racial relations and especially Aftermath of Slavery • Sinclair of the CRISIS, those which affect the Negro American. Half a Man Ovington 20 Vesey Street. OUR OFFER: New York City. Life of Harriet Beecher W e have made special combinations Gentlemen; Please send, Stowe • • Stowe with these books in sets of five, ten, fif- Mind of Primitive Man, Boaz ,	 without any cost to teen and twenty, together with Race Prejudice Finot . i	 me, your descriptive year's subscription to the Crisis, circular offering these Curse of Race Prejudice, Morton 	and will be glad to have the , sets of books	 on the names and addresses of a! Quest of the Silver Fleece, Negro Problem and a who find themselves a novel • • - DuBois 	years subscription to the interested in this CRISIS. Through Afro-America, Archer 	greatest of Name Southern South = Hart 	problems. Address Inter-Racial Problems, Official Record City of the Universal Races Congress State Along the Color Line POLITICS. In Oklahoma two election inspectors have been convicted in the Federal Court of conspiracy to deprive Negroes of the right of suffrage. The election was a test case to decide the efficacy of the "Grandfather Clause." The case will be appealed. The men, who are liable to a year in prison and $100 fine each, have been released on $2,000 bonds. It is said that the State officials are ready to call out the militia to enforce the "Grandfather Clause." The colored people of Kansas City tried to get President Taft to receive a special delegation, but were unable to. The silence of President Taft concerning recent lynching outrages has aroused considerable protest among colored people. This was voiced at a meeting in Washington, D. C , and also at a meeting of the New England Suffrage League at Haverhill, Mass. &lt;J In Illinois a colored Independent Political League has been started. &lt;J Al l these movements have caused the formation of an administration Republican Club in Washington, D. C , promoted by the officeholders. &lt;J In Nashville, Tenn., the colored vot ers registered largely for the fall elec tions, and elected S. P. Harris to the city council. q In Asbury Park, N. J., E. C. Burgess has been named by the Republicans for the city council. &lt;J In Baltimore, Md., C. M . Dorsey is the colored member of the grand jury which is investigating the fraud at the Democratic primaries. &lt;J In a recent Philadelphia election the Republican bosses made a desperate ap peal to the colored vote, saying: "Under the dead Durham (peace to his ashes), Charles Seger and Charles B. Hall, the 7th Ward has become a garden spot, the political Eden of the colored people of Philadelphia. The political recognition accorded our people in the 7th Ward, in the city, county, State and United States Government service, is simply magnifi cent. It is because Durham, Hall and Seger believed in a square deal for their colored political friends." Q Everett J. Waring of Philadelphia, has been appointed attorney for the de partment of factory inspector. &lt;I Clement G. Morgan of Cambridge, Mass., a lawyer and former alderman, ran for the Republican nomination for the State legislature. He received nearly 400 votes, but was defeated. &lt;J The Republicans of Cincinnati, who are kept in office by Negroes, are trying to abolish the office of assistant paymaster held by .a colored man, Mr. W. P. Dabney. The colored people are making a vigorous protest. &lt;J The Democrats of Delaware are seeking to organize the Negroes of the State into Democratic clubs. &lt;J An echo of the Coatesville lynching is heard in the political affairs of Eastern Pennsylvania. The Negroes are threatening to bolt the Republican ticket and vote for the Keystone party. White people of Coatesville have shown their attitude by defeating the son of the judge who has been pursuing the lynchers and renominating the accused chief of police. *I The Negroes of California did their part to bring about the woman suffrage victory. The Liberator, an organ of the Los Angeles colored folk, says: "The Negro cannot afford to ally himself with the interests that are opposing women suffrage. While there are doubtless some conscientious men opposing women suffrage, the fact that all the evil combinations of to-day are fighting woman's suffrage is proof of woman's fitness to vote and should bring to the support of the amendment every intelligent man of the State. If the Negro who has the ballot hopes to restore it to his millions of disfranchised brethren, he cannot ally himself with those evil combinations which seek to confine the ballot to the few they can handle, but he will have to vote for every measure looking to the extension of the ballot." fl The Honorable Harry C. Smith, editor of the Cleveland Gazette and former member of the Ohio Legislature, has been nominated on the regular ticket as candidate for the Ohio Constitutional Convention. GHETTO. The theatre at Evanston, Ill., after being threatened with law suits, is said to have ceased discrimination against its colored patrons. *I In Baltimore a small race riot was caused by a colored family moving into a street occupied largely by whites. A THE CRISIS crowd of 300 broke all the windows in the house and drove the family out. A dozen policemen arrived "too late." &lt;J Incited by the success of the above mob, another one attacked two colored families in Myrtle Avenue and stoned a white man's house through mistake, q In West Belle Place, a suburb of St. Louis, a segregation ordinance is proposed. q In Muskogee, Okla., the Railway Commission has ordered the Electric Traction Company on one line to provide separate street cars for Negroes and whites. "The opinion," to quote the Muskogee Phoenix, "scores the Negroes of Muskogee, especially the more educated element, such as doctors and lawyers, for attempting to create class feeling by encouraging Negroes to keep their seats and not give them up to the whites." q When C. L. Covington died at the National Military Home in Indianapolis, the fact was disclosed that he was "colored" although white. q The State of Tennessee has recently established a board for registering nurses. The board consisted of white women, and when they met they refused to register colored nurses, even though these nurses had had more than the required training. The matter may go to the courts. q At Marietta, Ga., G. P. Johnson, the twenty-year-old son of a prominent white farmer, went to the home of Miss Celia Thomas, a colored woman. His companions followed him there. The Atlanta Journal reports: "They found Johnson, so it is said, seated on a bed in the Negro woman's house. The woman stated that she did not want Johnson in the house. The two young men attempted to make Johnson leave and the woman said that she was going to shoot Johnson if he did not go at once. "One of the friends of Johnson saw that the Negro woman held a shotgun in her hand and the gun was cocked. He made an attempt to seize the gun and the woman fired, the load of shot entering one side of Johnson's head and blowing his head practically off. Johnson's two friends fled." The woman has since been indicted for murder in the first degree. q At Alton, 111.. Bradley Hayden, eighteen years of age, arraigned for wife abandonment, told the judge that he had abandoned his bride of two months because he had discovered that her father was colored. q A young colored man working in the same office with a white girl in Washington, D. C , was arrested for writing a note to her. The court discharged him for lack of jurisdiction, q Notice is called to the fact that in framing the accusations against colored soldiers every effort is made to bring in the element of race prejudice by stating that the victim is "white," and in other ways. q The Kings County Woman's Suffrage Association has invited the colored women's Political Equality League to unite with them. q In Richmond, Va., a murder in a colored house of ill-fame revealed the presence there of two prominent white men, Dr. A. B. Cosby and Arthur L. Griffin. q A newspaper correspondent has discovered the town of Wybark in Texas, where white men are not allowed to stop over night. q A report that W. Stewart Robertson, a retired insurance broker of Montreal, had visited New York for the purpose of having annulled the marriage of his son, W . Stewart, Jr., revealed the fact that the young man had eloped from Montreal with Gertrude Townsend, a colored girl, who was a member of the chorus of Cole and Johnson's "Red Moon" company. "M y father and sister were here a few weeks ago and stopped at the Manhattan Hotel," he said. "They visited us here at our home and appeared to be very well satisfied with our marriage." • q A colored Oklahoma paper declares that the white farmers' convention, which resolved to keep out Negro land owners, was composed of men who owned no land themselves. q Justice Hughes will be the only white resident of his block when he takes possession of his new Washington home. q C. M . Love, a colored man, passed for white at Spartansburg, S. C. Then he found out that he wanted to marry a colored girl, but the law would not let him. He revealed the fact that he himself was colored, when the judge fined him $100 because he acknowledged the fact that he had eaten with white folks. q A small residential Ghetto is being prepared for colored people at Duluth, Minn. q The best citizens of Monroe, La., are very much excited because a colored man addressed a white woman on the street. The white woman's small brothers proceeded to pummel him, and he slapped the boys over. A mob of a thousand people followed him through the street after he was arrested. ALONG THE q The residents of Germantown, Pa., are protesting against the opening of a school to train colored girls in domestic science. q The white citizens of Pleasant Hill near Birmingham, Ala., are very much excited over the plans for an industrial school and masonic home for Negroes. q The people of Baltimore do not want colored athletic grounds at Herring Run Park. They also are trying to have one of the colored industrial schools given up to white pupils. The school board opposes this plan. q The Negro Salvation Army has been ordered away from Chattanooga, Tenn. q The Chicago papers have been running scare headlines about the hiring out of white girls from a State institution to the colored proprietor of a restaurant. The official of the institution called attention to the fact that this happened five years ago. q Governor Hoke Smith took up a page in the New York Sunday Times to prove that the Negro was a burden to Georgia and largely inefficient. The next Sunday a similar page was occupied by Professor Boas and others to prove the civilization of Africa, the large amount of property owned by Georgia Negroes, and the general lack of logic in Mr . Smith's talk. ECONOMICS. Several strikes are taking place among Southern Negro laborers. q The strike of the Southern Pacific employees involves some thirty-five Negro laborers in New Orleans. q The colored roustabouts have struck in connection with the Illinois Central strike at Memphis. q In reducing the force in the architect's office, the Secretary of the Treasury has been pressed to get rid of the colored employees, but refused to do so. q The Brotherhood of Railway Trainmen, in the district between the Missouri River and the Pacific, are trying to get rid of Negro brakemen. q The longshoremen near Galveston, Tex., refused to permit Negroes to load a British vessel at that port, q The colored Odd Fellows have pur chased a three-story brick building for $36,000 in New Orleans, q The census returns show that colored farm owners are increasing and farm laborers decreasing. q Moses Yopp, a colored farmer of Dublin, Ga., has raised between twenty-five and thirty bales of cotton on twenty acres. COLOR LiNE 9 q A mob of armed colored men held up a Georgia passenger train and forced the non-union men to sidetrack it. The Negro and white firemen here are striking together. q The Gulf division of the Longshoremen's Union has admitted colored men to equal rights in the union. q The Gadsden (Alabama) News has the following choice bit ' "Jim Cain is a one-gallus Negro farmer living in East Gadsden, but mighty few citizens of Etowah county, black or white, are contributing as much to the prosperity of the county as Jim. Yesterday he brought in his tenth bale of cotton, and of the ten that he has produced not a single one weighed less than 500 pounds. He has more of the fleecy staple to gather and as Jim lives at home and boards at the same place he is apt to finish the sea son with much surplus coin in his jeans. Raising cotton and little Cains is Jim's long suit." q The Negro stevedores at the Montgomery freight house, Alabama, have received an increase from ten to twelve and a half cents an hour. q The Jacksonville (Florida) Metropolis says that eight Negro plasterers are going to compete against eight white plasterers to prove their ability. q A labor agent who was trying to hire Negroes to work on a railway has been killed in North Carolina. "Particulars of the tragedy have not been learned." q The Census Bureau sends out the following report: "The number of farms operated by white farmers was 5,422,892, or 85.5 per cent, of all farms, while the number operated by Negro and other non-white farmers was 917,465, or 14.5 per cent, of the whole. There is a slight increase in the proportion of Negro and other non-white farmers, the proportion of farms operated by them ten years ago being 13.4 per cent. Whether this increase in the proportionate number of Negro farmers means any increase in the relative extent of farming conducted by Negroes cannot be determined till further tabulations are made showing the size of farms by color of farmer." It is interesting to note the curious ebulition of race prejudice in the last six lines. q The Boley (Oklahoma) Progress declares that Boley is the largest Negro town in the United States. Has a population of 4,000. Has its own city government. Has an assessed valuation of $500,000. One bank with bank deposits of $100,000. Has ninety business houses, seven churches, one high school THE CRISIS and two colleges. Boley has the only third-class postoffice (Negro) in the United States and the only electric-light plant for commercial purposes, owned and operated by Negroes, in the United States. Boley has a telegraph office, sidewalks, city water works, four cotton gins, and is surrounded by the best farming belt in the world. J. H . Torbert, financial agent of the Fort Valley Industrial School, was accidentally killed recently. He was well known in the South and had accumulated a valuable estate. &lt;J Dr. J. R. Francis, Jr., has been appointed dental examiner in the colored public schools of Washington, D. C. &lt;J About one hundred colored people are engaged in pearl fisheries near Shreveport, La. Some are making as much as $30 a day. SOCIAL UPLIFT. The report on the college-bred Negro recently issued by Atlanta University has aroused a great deal of favorable comment. &lt;I The eleventh annual report of the Baptist Women's Convention shows that they have raised, during the year, $13,118 for missionary and uplift purposes. In addition to this, local associations have raised $7,573. &lt;I The total cost of the Universal Races Congress, •until July 22, 1911, was $17,065. &lt;I The Howard Colored Orphan Asylum has dedicated thirteen buildings placed on 572 acres of land at Kings Park, Long Island. €J The colored people of New Orleans are raising $7,000 to enlarge the colored female annex to the Charity Hospital. &lt;J A Negro aviator is flying at Memphis, Tenn., and Macon, Ga. q The highest stand man in the big French government's school of agritulture this year is Racine Madolmba, a Negro, who is the son of the Governor of an Upper Niger State. The father entered the French service as a telegraph operator, won the cross of the Legion of Honor as a soldier and acquired with his governorship a kingly title. Also, he is a millionaire cotton planter, who has the brains to help his son become a brilliant agriculturist, rather than retain him as a petty prince. &lt;I A lady at Hotel Champlain, New York, lost a $1,600 diamond ring, which was promptly returned to her by a colored bellboy. &lt;J Mr. Booker T. Washington, principal of Tuskegee Institute, has made a lecture tour of the State of Texas. &lt;I The Lincoln Hospital of Indianapolis is a colored institution, accommodating about fifty patients, and is usually crowded. &lt;J The Democratic Legislature of New York passed the bill establishing a Negro regiment. It went to the Governor, who returned it for technical revision. The Legislature thereupon adjourned before reaching the bill for reconsideration. «J The Rev. David E. Murff and wife, who are conducting a Negro Baptist Mission in Africa, are visiting in this country. They have under their supervision 15,000 native Christians, 110 students, 65 native preachers and 10 day schools. &lt;I Mrs. Mary Church Terrell will deliver five lectures before the Brooklyn Institute of Arts and Sciences on the Negro in the United States. •J Davis. E. Jones, a graduate of Wesleyan University, Conn., has been made one of the colored national secretaries of the Y. M. C. A. work. t$ The Negro building at the Appalachian Exposition at Knoxville, Tenn., has been opened. The exhibits include farming products, domestic science and needlework and art exhibits. Knoxville College is especially prominent. (J A colored man named Brown at Atlanta, Ga., at considerable risk, saved twenty-five horses from being burned to death. &lt;] In Buenos Ayres is a statue to Falucho, a Negro soldier who refused to haul down the Argentine flag at the bidding of the Spanish soldiery, during the first Argentine revolution, and was shot down by the Spanish. EDUCATION. Morgan College, an institution for colored people in Baltimore, has raised $65,000 in order to secure the gift of $50,000 promised by Andrew Carnegie. &lt;I The Model Training School founded by Miss Judia Jackson near Athens, Ga., has induced the colored farmers roundabout to buy 340 acres of land in small homesteads, and is doing, in many other ways, an unusually effective work. &lt;I There is demand for colored teachers in the public schools in the South, but the low wages paid make it difficult to. secure them. Q The Colored Poll Tax League of New Orleans is urging the people to pay their poll tax, which in that State goes to the public schools. ^ The turmoil in the colored public schools of Washington continues. The initial difficulty arises from a double ALONG THE school system and a single responsibility. The head of the white schools is responsible to a board, the majority of whose members are white. The head of the colored schools is, on the other hand, responsible to the white superintendent. Al l the colored members of the school board have openly repudiated R. C. Bruce as unfit for his position as head of the colored schools, but the white superintendent maintains that as Bruce is responsible to him, he must be allowed time to judge him, as he himself is a newcomer. Al l have assented to this fair request, but it leaves the whole matter unsettled. Most people seem to think that Mr. Bruce will soon be displaced. f$ The permanent endowment fund of Tuskegee Institute, Ala., now amounts to $1,871,647. There was received during the year for operating expenses $231,724. CRIME. The month's record of crime and lynching, if carefully scanned, furnishes a curious commentary on the whole question of the commission and punishment of crime among colored people in America. &lt;I Al l the prisoners arrested for the Coatesville lynching have been freed. C[ The killing of Negroes by white men in the South is a very common occurrence. There is a record of fourteen such cases this month. Usually the cause is "not learned" or arises from a street quarrel, or because the Negro would not obey orders. There are few records of convictions for such murders. *I Closely connected with this is the killing of white men by Negroes. In some cases this is unprovoked; in most cases it is apparently the result of a quarrel. There are ten such murders reported this month. &lt;I A great deal of trouble arises from the action of policemen. In Jacksonville, Fla., a Negro is shot because he would not obey the command to halt. In Pennsylvania an officer shoots a Negro stealing a ride on a train. In Texas a Negro who refused to stand when Ordered is shot. In Georgia a policeman beat a Negro nearly to death. There are perhaps a half dozen other cases of this sort during the month. &lt;J The opposite case, the slaying of officers by Negroes, has happened in five cases. &lt;J The record for lynchings and attempt at lynching is very depressing for the month. &lt;I Fifteen Negroes seem to have been COLOR LINE lynched. In Arkansas nearly the whole family of a white man who had a colored family was killed because the sons resisted arrest. Six persons, including two officers, are dead in this case. &lt;I In Georgia there is a very curious case of a lynching of a Negro chauffeur. Several stories are told as to the reason of this, none of which sound probable. At Pineville, La., two Negroes were killed and four wounded in a race war. •I In Greenville, S. C , a seventeenyear-old boy was hanged for alleged assault on an unknown girl. Cfl In Georgia a Negro was hanged for an alleged assault on a woman. f$ The accusations of assaults upon women by colored men have been very frequent. When they are carefully investigated it is very difficult to draw the line between racial insult and real crime. f} At Shelbyville, Ky., for instance, a Negro was nearly killed for asking permission to call on a young white woman. At Harrodsburg, Ky., a ten-year-old boy was accused of assault. He said he and the twelve-year-old white girl were playing. Q In Baltimore a colored man put his hand on a girl's shoulder "mumbling." He was arrested and charged with assault. q In Elizabeth, N . J., a colored man, in getting off the car, pushed a white woman off. This resulted in a small-sized riot. &lt;I Al l of the above cases are probably matters of race prejudice, pure and simple. There follow cases of deliberate crime, as a murder and assault in Florida, but here it is not at all certain that the perpetrator was a colored man. Al l that can be said is that he looked black in the night. •J Near Coatesville, Pa., a girl was attacked by a colored man. Lynching was threatened, but the girl herself pleaded with the mob to let the regular course of the law be followed. q The crime of white men against colored women is less often reported in the paper. Indirectly one sees this in the crimes which arise in houses of ill-fame. Three cases of this sort, involving white men, are reported this month. &lt;J From Griffin, Ark., comes a case where a colored mother of two children was set upon by the wife of the white father. The colored woman thrashed the white woman and the mob immediately appeared. Just then the light THE CRISIS ning killed fifteen of the mob and the writer adds "this country is in the worst uproar that it has ever been." Another case of crime arises from the attempt of colored laborers to collect their wages. A white man hired two Negro boys near Charleston, S. C . to work for him. The boys did the work, and were refused their pay, and in addition their mother was beaten into insensibility. The Negroes gathered and ran the white man out of town. &lt;I In Louisiana a Negro was severely whipped for being insolent to a fireman. f$ In Texas a Negro was beaten because he would not pay an alleged debt to a storekeeper. &lt;I At Lake Charles, La., the village officers arrested some laborers and their employers proceeded to release them. f$ The papers of Georgia and other places continue to urge the summary arrest of vagrants. &lt;I Much trouble arises between Negroes and conductors on trains and street cars. Three conducters were killed this month in such quarrels. 1$ There are several striking cases of injustice in the courts: One Negro in North Carolina was sentenced to death in fifteen minutes and one in Mississippi in seven minutes. "Extreme penalty of the law" is continually imposed on Negro criminals. &lt;J The Brook Haven (Miss.) Leader says: "The Negro entered a plea of guilty and accepted a life sentence in order to save himself from the fury of the mob. The jury was impaneled and everything done secretly that the people might be half way (at least) satisfied and the lynching averted." q In Louisiana a Negro, who was given a life sentence for killing a relative accidentally, has at last been pardoned. &lt;| The Tuscumbia (Alabama) Despatch has this report: "Will Hollinsworth, a Negro boy who drives the beer wagon in this city, was arrested Monday for carrying concealed weapons and after a trial before Mayor Tompkins, was fined $50 and costs, which amounted to about $4, and given sixty days on the street. It seems the Negro engaged in an altercation with a white boy, and after the Negro cursed him, the boy knocked him in the head several times. The Negro went off and returned with a pistol, but upon seeing an officer approaching, threw the weapon into a barrel nearby. He was detected in this, however, and arrested with the above result." And the white boy? «I In Fort Worth, Tex., passengers and railroad men in the vicinity of the Texas and Pacific station threatened to lynch a Negro man arrested in the company of a young white woman. The officers drew their clubs and held the crowd off until the arrival of the police patrol. The prisoners were locked up at the Central Police Station, but were released after a short while, because of the insufficientcy of the technical charge to hold them. MEETINGS. The forty-second annual meeting of the Women's Foreign Mission Society of the Methodist Episcopal Church was held in St. Louis. &lt;J A n Alabama-Georgia Negro singing convention was held in Anniston and attracted large numbers. &lt;J September 22 was largely celebrated as Emancipation Day in Indiana and Ohio. &lt;J Agricultural fairs are being held in nearly every Southern State. Most of these fairs are independent organizations, but some of them are annexed to white fairs. ^ In Memphis, Tenn., a Tri-State fair was held with 20,000 visitors or more. &lt;J At Nashville, Tenn., a colored State fair had the Governor to address them. They had a health exhibition, a children's day and many other attractions. fll The Jackson County Negro fair of Tennessee was unusually successful. There were also colored fairs at Humboldt, Tenn., Glasgow, Ky., Suffolk, Va., and in many other places. The Georgia State colored fair will be held this month. &lt;J One of the most interesting meetings of the month was the first meeting of the American Indian Association at Ohio State University. CHURCH. The Methodist Episcopal Church is commemorating the work of John Stewart, a colored man, and one of the first Methodist missionaries to the Indians. &lt;I At the Methodist Fourth Ecumenical Conference at Toronto all of the Negro Methodist organizations were represented and several addresses were made by colored men. &lt;I Cardinal Gibbons was entertained by the colored girls of St. Francis Asylum on the occasion of his double jubilee. OPINION THE COATESVILLE FIASCO. The failure of the Coatesville jury to find a verdict against any one of the indicted members of the mob that burned the Negro Walker leads the New York Times to say: "It is, of course, a fundamental principle of our legal system that the man accused of crime shall be tried not far from the place where it was committed and by a jury of the vicinage. That is—or was—an admirable device to prevent injustice to an innocent man and to insure the punishment of a guilty man whose guilt offends his own community, but the . proceedings at Coatesville -illustrate how it works when his guilt is so widely shared that only accomplices are available for jurymen. The prosecution in these cases was futile because it did not have, as the defense would have had if conditions as to prejudice were reversed, the right to demand a change of venue. The New York World says: "The effect of Pennsylvania's virtual condonation of lynch law is directly visible in the second attempt at lynching in Coatesville and indirectly in the lynchings of Negroes reported from all sections of the country. Is it to be said that it has remained for a Northern State to cap the ignominy of mob murder by cloaking it with the pretense of prosecution and investing it with a hypocrisy from which it is free elsewhere?" Some of the Pennsylvania papers, as the failure of the prosecution became apparent, spoke strongly. "Evidently," says the Pittsburgh Gazette-Times, "somebody is obstructing the course of justice. Is it possible that the worst elements in Chester County are influential enough to accomplish that? Hardly. Is it not more probable that the mysterious power which is shielding the offenders and nullifying the law is identical with certain of the supposedly good people of the community? It will be recalled that promptly upon a realization of the enormity of the outrage of that Sunday night in August there was a systematic attempt through the press in that part of the State, by means of communications and statements, to palliate the crime and gloss it over as something which, given like circumstances, might have happened anywhere. . This was dictated in part by a shame that was natural and commendable, but in larger degree by business considerations, by a desire that nothing should be done which might Effect commercial and social relations between Coatesville and the outside world. Everything was subordinated to dollars and cents—and anyway the victim of the lynching was a particularly no-account black man!" The York (Pa.) Daily thinks the spirit of depravity revealed by the cheers which greeted the acquitted men is amazing to decent people. The Philadelphia Times says: "This, then, puts the responsibility on the State authorities to proceed in a different way to punish the offense, which is a blot on the commonwealth itself." The Louisville Courier-Journal says: "The degree of civilization that exists in a community is determined by the vigor of prosecutions following lynchings rather than by the crime itself; that may be committed by the riffraff, but the administration of the law is, theoretically at least, in the hands of the most 'representative' element." The Washington (D. C.) Star thinks Gov. Tener ought to appoint a commission of medical men, experts in mental disorders, to investigate the state of the public mind of Pennsylvania. "Something is wrong there." THE AFRICAN SITUATION. The situation between the races in Africa is becoming rapidly more serious, and the newspapers here and in England make extended comment. The London Daily News gives a resume of recent events which is well worth reading: "The deportation of. a Mr. Galbraith Cole from British East Africa on the ground of exciting racial enmity in the colony will probably provoke newspaper comment and Parliamentary questioning. It comes as the latest of a long series of episodes which should enforce upon rational Englishmen some serious Imperial thinking. Mr. Cole shot a native who had stolen a sheep, and when he was charged with murder a white jury acquitted him offhand. We are informed by cable from Mombassa that the British African public are 'astounded' and 'highly indignant' that Mr. Cole should be deported, for he 'is allowed to be one of the most peaceful men in the colony' and he has never said anything 'which could in any way be construed into an expression of disloyalty or as likely to disaffect the natives.' In short, Mr. Cole is a model British East African, who has never done anything worse than kill a native. 14 THE "The British East African ideal of citizenship seems very like the Rhodesian. Last month a white man named Sam. Lewis was tried for the murder of a native. It was alleged that the native had indecently solicited Lewis's daughters, and Lewis with the greatest deliberation and in cold blood shot the native. Lewis was acquitted by a white jury amid the enthusiasm of the white population. Neither the Cole case nor the Lewis case is exceptional. The public flogging of a native in Nairobi by white men will be fresh in the memory, and in Rhodesia it is practically impossible to get a jury to convict a white man of an offence against a native. "Nor is this spirit confined to these two colonies. Quite recently in Natal a Boer farmer charged with rape on a native girl was acquitted, although the evidence was so clear that the judge told the accused that he was a disgrace to his race and his color. To the honor of South Africa, a distinction should be drawn between the Cole and the Lewis cases. The South African press, almost without exception, condemned the Lewis verdict as an outrage on justice; there is no evidence of any such sensitiveness native. One result of the Union has in East Africa. "From South Africa comes another illustration of injustice toward the been a movement to unite the various provincial bars into a South African Advocates' Society. With the exception of the Capetown bar, all the groups of lawyers were determined to exclude colored lawyers from the society. The Capetown bar resisted the proposal, and in the end the society has been formed without the Capetown bar, on the basis of the exclusion of colored men. Such a society apparently would not have the power to exclude colored men from practicing, but it would put upon them the stamp of inferiority and exert a steady pressure to secure ultimately the closing of the legal profession to men of color. "If the policy to which South African lawyers have deliberately committed themselves be carried out, the white man will not merely remove from competition a rival—he will enslave the race. Lawyers are presumed to be educated men, and it is not surprising that a storekeeper in Rhodesia or Natal should let himself be carried away by passion when his natural leaders go so badly astray. It is clear that in those African colonies where the white population is very small and the colored population large, a white jury cannot be trusted to do justice between white and black. If that were the substance of the problem a remedy could be easily found by abolishing trial by jury in such cases. That has recently been done in Natal, and several South African papers recommend it for Rho CRISIS desia, while it is plainly necessary in East Africa. But a single mechanical change of that kind will not cure the radical vice which consists in the attitude of white toward black. As the South African News puts it, there is north of the Vaal an 'absolute apathy' of white people where native life Is concerned: the native is thought of as 'a machine expected to perform so much labor in a given time, not as a being of flesh and blood, with likes and dislikes, passions, it may be vices.' There can be no approach to a solution of the color question in Africa until white men recognize that Africa is not and can never be a white man's country, but must be a country in which the colored man has a share, and a human share. In South Africa, where the Cape provides an enlightened nucleus, there is some hope of wisdom, but in East Africa the Colonial Office and its representatives must make good what the colonials themselves can not furnish." The New York Evening Sun says that the London Times publishes "conspicuously and without comment" an article accusing the Colonial Secretary of gross injustice. It appears from this that the wrong committed by Mr. Cole was merely negative—he unfortunately failed to report what he had done. "Every other circumstance," we are told, "was conspicuously in his favor." In conclusion it is very hard, the Times correspondent points out, that "a man who has done splendid work as a settler" should be sent home "with a stigma on his name," when "the worst that can be said of his action is that in a moment of great provocation he fired at and killed a native." These exalted sentiments in the most influential of the English newspapers are instructive in their way. They will not be forgotten when the time comes to moralize on the next American lynching. In fact, the London Times is taking a curiously familiar attitude. "If there is one thing quite certain," it remarks, "it is that all attempts to legislate for the natives of South Africa in advance of local white opinion will end in defeating their own objects and in further estranging the two races. The plain truth is that a final solution of the color problem is at present altogether beyond the powers of human statesmanship, and that the only wise course will be gradually and patiently to marshal moderate opinion in all sections on the broadest common ground attainable without driving the more circumspect and reasonable upholders of either view into open and definite antagonism. The question is essentially one for the South African people themselves." The Louisville Post, quoting this editorial, says it reads like "the comment OPINION 15 of a sensible Northern newspaper upon some action in the South, which does not accord with the preconceived Northern ideas of the race question, but which commands support because of its strong common sense. We commend this comment to those Americans who fail to appreciate the difficulties which confront the Southern States in this problem." The Boston Transcript sees some encouragement. It thinks the British authorities have done what they could. Cole is "the son of an earl, but he had to go just the same." However, it continues: "The subject majority in the South African Union 'is as 4,780,474 is to the governing minority of 1,278,025. The race disparity is greater there than in our 'black belt.' A n analogy between our color problem and that confronting Great Britain is asserted by the London papers, but the contrast is infinitely to the British disadvantage. Our Negroes even in the most benighted localities have enough of civilization to lift them high above the savagery of the black masses of the 'Union' and the 'protectorates.' The analogy is therefore faulty, but its presentation to British readers has had the effect of reminding them that what they have deemed a mote in their eyes is bigger than what they have considered the beam in the eyes of their neighbors." TH E SOCIALISTS AGAIN. The Socialists are again deeply stirred over the race question. In the South the party stands right in some places and wrong in others. In the North, where, of course, the vastly greater number of Socialists are found, the attitude is very good so far, and whenever prejudice crops up a score of friends come to the Negro's defense. There has recently been a great deal said in the Socialist press on the subject, because they understand in the North that the solidarity of workers is essential to their movement. The Southern Socialists do not all appear to see this and party organizers have reported in Northern papers, with great indignation, the attitude they found among many "comrades" below Mason and Dixon's line. In the Coming Nation, a Socialist paper of Girard, Kan., Charles Edward Russell speaks his mind. Mr. Russell, who is a very prominent Socialist, is one of the executive committee of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People and a contributing editor of TH E CRISIS. He says: "Several gentlemen have been good enough to write to me in dissent from some recent remarks in these colums wherein I ventured to suggest that it might be well to treat colored men with at least a degree of justice. One of my correspondents assures me that he has cancelled his subscription to the Coming Nation because of those remarks, and another, more in sorrow than in anger, foretells the speedy ruin of the magazine and its editors if they persist in uttering such sentiments. "That being the case perhaps it would be well now to have a few kind words together and see if we can come to a clear understanding about all these things. To obtain sympathy under false pretenses is at least as bad as in a like manner to obtain money. We may as well understand one another and then there will be no chance for any suspicion of intellectual bunco. "These columns were established for the purpose of uttering a weekly protest against such cases of injustice as came currently within the notice of this magazine. It will not stop to bother with any consideration of the so-called race of the victim. It will pay just as little attention to whether he be black, white, yellow, brown, red or cream color. They all look alike to us. "I hope that is sufficiently explicit. They all look alike to us. "And now for a calm survey of facts about all this. Race prejudice is the biggest nonsense in the world, the most venerable of fakes and the most foolish, harmful and preposterous. "In Pennsylvania, the other day, the smoking car of a local train was about half full of native gentlemen, when at a certain station four Italians were seen to be mounting the platform and about to enter. Instantly the native gentlemen seized each two seats, turned them so that they faced each other, spread abroad their elegant bodies and their ample feet until there was left unoccupied not a corner of any seat, and when the Italians got in they were obliged to stand all the way to their destination. "After that a man, not native to these scenes, asked one possessed of this advantage what might be the meaning of the singular spectacle. " 'Why,' said the native gentleman, 'didn't you see them? They was all dam dagoes.' "'Well?' said his questioner. "'Why, you don't suppose I'd sit next to a dam dago, do you?' " 'Don't you ever think that this country of yours was discovered by an Italian?' "'Aw , go awn. Watcher givin' us? S'pose you can make me believe George Washington was any dago?' "'Well, omitting discussion of that question, would you mind telling me why you objected to allowing one of those Italians to have a seat in this car?' "'Sure I'll tell you. This is a white man's country. There ain't no room here for dam dagoes. If they don't like what they get here, let 'em stay 16 THE at home. This country's a place for white men; it ain't no place for dam dagoes'—a sentiment that instantly awoke responsive applause from all the other native gentlemen in the car. * * * "This reminds me of some other scenes and observations in my experience. Al l these persons hated the Italians because there were many Italians in their neighborhood, and Italians were not white men; but it appeared upon examination that they professed their willingness to preserve amicable relations with other foreigners, all unknown to them, that they believed to be white men. They thought that the Germans, for instance, were probably all right; and Swedes, they had heard, made admirable citizens; they were white men. But these dam dagoes were the limit; no white men could be expected to endure them; they were not white men. "But it happened that I was brought up in a community, one-half of which was German, and I remember that the native gentlemen in that community held exactly the same opinions about the Germans. Other people might be well enough, Norwegians, Scotchmen or Welshmen; but these Germans were the limit. I even recall that the terms used about them were identical with those used in Pennsylvania about the Italians, they were not white men, and a real native gentleman could not be expected to get along with anybody that was not a white man. "Just over the river in Moline was a large colony of Swedes, and when. I went to visit in Moline I never failed to be regaled with the enormities of the Swedes. It appeared that they were likewise 'dam foreigners' and possessed of traits that made even the Germans seem almost attractive. "I went to school in a town in Northern New England where there was a large settlement of French Canadians and where the native gentlemen used to sit around the grocery store every night, chewing tobacco and expatiating upon the shortcomings of all French Canadians. It seemed that they also lacked lamentably of the white man's essentials and were very extremely undesirable persons in a white man's country, and ought to be made stay at home. Subsequently I spent some time in Cedar Rapids and learned there of the enormities of the Bohemians, who formed a large part of the city's population. In Honesdale, Pa., I was impressed (by the native gentlemen) with the evil qualities of the Hungarians: and in Cleveland, O., gathered that the Lithuanians were rank intruders in a white man's country. In Wilkes-Barre the afflictions of a Russian colony were CRISIS pointed out to me and in Houston Street I heard much eloquence about the unattractive nature of the Jew. From English sources I learned that the Irish were the lowest people that crawled and the Scotch were utterly detestable; while I had at all times vivid recollections of the old pioneer of my boyhood days and the picturesque language in which he could convince any listener that the Indian was so vile that he ought to be shot on sight. "And yet all the time the fact remained, and was easily susceptible of proof, that the German was exactly like the Swede and the Hungarian was exactly like the German, and the Norwegian differed in no essential from the Italian, and that all were like the American, so that in the second generation you could by no means tell one from the other. "What then was the gratuitous hatred toward their own kind? "Why, the origin was twofold. In the first place it was an echo of old jungle days, wherein every skin-clad forefather of ours snarled at every other skin-clad fellow because he feared that there was not enough raw meat for both of them. "In the second place, and a far stronger impulse, it was snobbery pure and simple. The essence of snobbery is that I elevate myself by depressing somebody else; that the extent of my own elevation is the depth to which I, can pull another man down; that if I can successfully feign somebody else to be so much worse than I am that he must be hated, then I have established myself upon a lofty pinnacle indeed. There comes to my town a group of foreigners, strangers, ill at ease in a country new to them, and therefore without adequate defense. The old jungle instinct bids me snarl at them; the thirst for self-esteem induces me to treat them as my inferiors. With the ready assistance of others in my town that are like minded I have no difficulty in getting up a sentiment of hatred against these 'dam dagoes;' after that the very food that they eat and the language of their motherland become handy materials for my scorn and fertile soil in which to grow more hatred. The more foreigners the more hatred; the more hatred the more I delude myself into the belief that I am showing my superiority. "Al l of which is mere snobbery run mad. "Add to this the terrible results of a terrible war, the awful crop of lingering passions that such war always has. and the inevitable position of the Negroes, as the visible cause of that war, and this is the exact situation in the South, and the reason why so many white people there are poisoning their OPINION own lives by hatred of their colored neighbors. "I admit that it is a situation easily explained and not unnatural, under the circumstances. But I don't see why I should be expected to help it along." COMMON SENSE. The Reading (Pa.) Herald traces the Coatesville horror to Jim Crowism. It does not believe that even swift and severe.punishment of the lynchers would do much good. Education and common sense are needed a good deal more than punishment. "There is something heathenish in the fancied superiority of the whites over the blacks," it says. "It is quite as bad in its way as the distinctions of caste in India. 'A man's a man for a' that,' whether his color be white or black. A child's a child for all that, too. Education along these lines ought to begin in our schools and on our playgrounds. The separation of black and white in the schools tends to promote a feeling of superiority on the part of the white child. He unconsciously imbibes the notion that he is better than the children of darker hue in another schoolroom. The caste idea grows up; and from this gradually the mob spirit and the lynching fever are generated. "More than once have we dwelt upon the peaceable situation in Reading, where whites and blacks dwell together in unity, and where many of the Negroes are of a highly intelligent and enterprising type. To separate whites and blacks here, in school or other public places, would be simply to breed discontent and a false pride, to erect a barrier and to provoke hostility. "If there were real moral and intellectual superiority on the part of the white man; if the whites had a monopoly of virtue and intelligence; if the blacks were all degraded, villainous, dangerous, a barrier might well be drawn for the protection of the whites and the humbling of the blacks. But such an assumption is preposterous. There are many colored people superior in many ways to recent European immigrants, and even to whites who have dwelt in this land for many years. A man's color no more proclaims his respectability than does his wealth. This truth, we believe, ought to be impressed upon children from their earliest childhood." &lt;i The New York Evening Post says:. "Dr. Booker T. Washington is able to get around the Jim Crow law in Texas by chartering a special Pullman car to take him the 200 miles from Austin to Temple. He is about to tour the State with a party of men of both races, as he has recently made trips in other Southern States—Mississippi, Tennessee, Virginia, etc.—in which he has rendered service of very great value in interpreting the races to each other. But, while Dr. Washington can thus escape the humiliation of the Jim Crow car, there are thousands of others of his race of equal refinement and culture who have no such way out. They must go in the rural South into unsanitary, and dirty cars that look as though they had never been cleaned; that in ninety-nine cases out of a hundred are far inferior to the average white coach, and this is true despite railroad assertions to the contrary. Whether those traveling in these cars are ailing or well, strong or delicate, their plight is the same; it is part of the price they pay for their American birthright! As yet Dr. Washington has never felt called to speak out very clearly about this gross discrimination against his race, in accordance with his fixed policy of bearing down upon all the favorable signs of the times and touching but lightly on the evils. But if he would speak out, we believe that he could impress the country deeply by telling what he knows about the feelings of the colored people in regard to the Jim Crow stigma daily placed upon them." &lt;J The assertion is made that in Texas, where the chief interest was in the State wide prohibition contest, 85 per cent, of the Negroes voted against prohibition. "That is an easy assertion to make, but we would like to know how the poll was taken," says the Independent. "We doubt the figures. The Nash ville Tennesseean says that in its State an equal 85 per cent, of the Negroes are against prohibition. Again we doubt it, and we remember that there were other reasons why Tennessee Negroes voted for a Democratic Governor. We have information that in Atlanta there is a large Negro vote against the saloon. Let this be understood, that if the saloon politicians cultivate the Negro vote and the anti-saloon men hold themselves too high to do it, they will have no right to complain if they are beaten by the Negro vote." &lt;J B. F. Riley, a white man writing in the National Baptist Union Review (colored), says, in the course of a warm attack on race prejudice: "The Negro must cease to crouch and to crawl. He must quietly and without show vindicate his right to live and to prosper, and the friends will come from the best whites who will come into control of this country." Senator Vardaman, in his personal organ, The Issue, remarks: "The way to control the Nigger is to whip him when he does not obey without it, and another is never to pay him more wages than is actually necessary to buy food and clothing." Men of the Month TWO MUSICIANS. the record of being the only student, That Heaven has given colored people the gift of music is one of the virtues generally allowed the race. This talent won a somewhat sweeping vic- MISS JESSIE ESTELLE MUSE tory at the Yale Music School at New Haven this year, when of the three scholarship winners two were colored. In instrumental music this prize fell to Miss Helen Eugenia Hagan; in vocal music Miss Jessie Muse shares honors with one of the white students, the two dividing the Lockwood scholarship equally. The Yale Music School is connected with the university, and its purpose, as defined by the catalogue, is to furnish "adequate instruction for those intending to become professional musicians, either teachers or composers." There were only three colored students in the school, the third being the sister of Miss Jessie Muse, so it was particularly gratifying that two of them should win the Lockwood scholarships awarded to the person or persons who had maintained the highest standard throughout the year. At the annual concert given by the students of the school Miss Muse sang most creditably the mad scene from "Lucia." Both young ladies will continue their studies. Miss Muse is already a teacher in the public schools. Miss Hagan has white or colored, who ever took the course in the music school in connection with school work elsewhere. She has been going through the high school at the same time that she followed the very exacting course in instrumental music at the Yale school. The teachers of both young women predict a splendid future for them. DR. ALGERNON B. JACKSON. A recent discovery made by Dr. Algernon B. Jackson of Philadelphia has attracted a great deal of attention in the medical press of this country and England. No ailment is less understood than rheumatism, which Dr. Jackson has studied for many years and for which he now suggests a new treatment. He is careful not to claim magical qualities for his discovery and points out that it MISS HELEN E. HAGAN is only a preliminary report. Later he hopes to be able to give to the medical profession a more extensive analysis of the results he has obtained. His treat MEN OF THE ment consists of hypodermic administrations of magnesium sulphate, and Dr. Jackson has found that patients suffering from acute articular rheumatism have responded to it in a gratifying way. The New York Medical Journal expresses the hope that this discovery, if it does not prove a specific, "will at least be sufficiently analgetic and eliminant to give comfort to thousands." Dr. Jackson, who has long been known as a writer on medical topics, is at present surgeon-in-chief to Mercy Hospital, Philadelphia. For ten years he was assistant surgeon to the Polyclinic Hospital and the Post Graduate School, but is now devoting his entire time to Mercy Hospital as surgeon and research worker. He was graduated from Jefferson Medical College in 1900. Dr. Jackson is a native of Indiana. CHARLES H. TURPIN. To win elective office in Missouri is not, for a colored man, an easy matter. That Mr. Charles H. Turpin of St. Louis should be elected one of the State constables is evidence of an unusual personality. Mr. Turpin is, in fact, the first colored man to hold elective office in the State. He was nominated in the direct primary, over three white competitors, CHARLES H. TURPIN MONTH 19 DK. A. B. JACKSON by a plurality of 157, and was elected by a plurality of 615. Mr. Turpin has long been identified with the life of St. Louis, but he was born in Georgia thirty years or so ago. His parents moved to Missouri when he was a baby. He was educated in the public schools and in a business college. Before his election to the office of constable he held the position of deputy assessor and clerk in the recorder's office. THE LATE BISHOP HANDY. Rt. Rev. James Anderson Handy, D. D., a retired bishop of the African Methodist Episcopal Church, died at Baltimore. James Anderson Handy was born December 22, 1826, and was the first son of Ishmael and Nancy Handy. In the winter of 1833 young Handy went to school for three months, and with the exception of the Sunday school, that was all the schooling he ever had. In the course of life he occupied every position in the Sunday school from pupil to superintendent and in the church every position from layman to bishop. In 1892 the General Conference, which met in Philadelphia, elected him bishop, along with Benjamin F. Lee and Moses B. Salter. The General Conference which met in Norfolk, Va., May, 1908. placed him on the retired list. Bishop Handy's death increases the number of vacancies on the Episcopal bench of the African Methodist Church, and makes much speculation as to the action of the General Conference next May. Probablv four or five new bishops will be elected to rule over the 750,000 members of that church. THE N. A. A. C. P During the past few weeks the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People has sent out a thousand letters to representative colored men and women in all sections of the country, appealing to them to support the work financially by becoming members of the association. Replies to these letters continue to come in, but the association must receive the contributions of many more new members if it is to carry on successfully the difficult work which it has undertaken. In its fight against the disastrous results of race prejudice the association has taken up, among other cases, a very important civil-rights suit in New Jersey, which it is now pushing as effectively as is possible with so little money at its disposal. The association is eager to take up the fight against disfranchisement in Oklahoma and has made a beginning in that direction, but it is sadly hampered by lack of funds. It realizes to its chagrin that there are many ways in which the lack of money hinders it from accomplishing the results it wishes. Will not the colored people of the United States rally to the support of this association which is trying to win for them a second emancipation? &lt;J The National Association interested itself some time ago in the case of Earl Gilchrist, a colored boy in Arkansas, who killed another boy in a street fight. He was sentenced to be hanged, although he is only seventeen years old. The case was appealed to the Supreme Court, and the sentence of the lower court has been sustained. We have been working in connection with persons interested in the child-labor situation to arouse some feeling against the execution of this child. It will be remembered that in a somewhat similar case in Delaware we were successful in securing the commutation of the death sentence to imprisonment for life. We are doing all we can in Arkansas, and we ask readers of THE CRISIS to write to the Governor and protest against sending to the gallows a boy of seventeen. &lt;J The Prosecutor of the Pleas in Bergen County, N . J., writes in regard to the delayed Bolin case that the Grand Jury will be in session until the latter part of November, and that the case will "receive attention in the near future." q The Director of Publicity last month lectured in Washington before three large audiences, addressed the Teachers' Association of Gloucester, Mass., spoke at a Socialist meeting and at St. Mark's and Bethel Churches, in New York, and also at the White Rose Mission. At the Labor Temple he is scheduled to speak on "The Negro and Organized Labor," on October 31, and he will address a large meeting of Socialists on a similar subject on November 24. &lt;J The Savannah Tribune, a colored paper, says: "The opening of the public schools last Monday presented the same pitiable sight for Negro children as has been the case for years. Hundreds of them who were clamoring for cards of admittance on last Saturday, but were turned down on account of lack of accommodations, besieged the schools on Monday morning, early, hoping by some mere turn of fortune to be squeezed in on opening day. But the few seats that were to be filled by the incoming children were given out on the day of the issuance of entrance cards and they were sent away, the most of them to idly roam the streets and fall prey to the evil influences of the city. Ho w sad it is that year after year passes and still no greater school facilities are provided for the little black boys and girls. They increase numerically at about the same rate as do the white children and the latter are provided with a new school every five or six years, but the former, those who are fortunate enough to get accommodations, must be packed into the lower grades like so many sardines in a box; in fact, in some rooms as many as four to the ordinary two-seat bench." •J The above clipping illustrates the condition of some of the public-school systems in the South for colored people. The association, in conjunction with the trustees of the John F. Slater Fund and Atlanta University, is studying this subject and hopes to have a printed report ready in a few months. •&lt;I	 Mr. Thomas Quincy Ewing, the chairman of the National Association's legal aid committee, has taken up the Oklahoma disfranchisement case, which is being fought by the people of that State. The case was lost in the lower courts, but is now being appealed to the Supreme Court. Mr. William Harrison, the lawyer of Oklahoma City, is at the head of the fight there. EDITORIAL THE FIRST EDITORIAL IN THE FIRST CRISIS, NOVEMBER, 1910. THE object of this publication is to set forth those facts and arguments which show the danger of race prejudice, particularly as manifested to-day toward colored people. It takes its name from the fact that the editors believe that this is a critical time in the history of the advancement of men. Catholicity and tolerance, reason and forbearance can to-day make the world-old dream of human brotherhood approach realization ; while bigotry and prejudice, emphasized race consciousness and force can repeat the awful history of the contact of nations and groups in the past. We strive for this higher and broader vision of Peace and Good Will. The policy of TH E CRISIS will be simple and well defined. It will, first and foremost, be a newspaper: it will record important happenings and movements in the world which bear on the great problem of interracial relations, and especially those which affect the Negro American. Secondly, it will be a review of opinion and literature, recording briefly books, articles and important expressions of opinions in the white and colored press on the race problem. Thirdly, it will publish a few short articles. Finally, its editorial page will stand for the rights of men, irrespective of color or race, for the highest ideals of American democracy, and for reasonable but earnest and persistent attempt to gain these rights and realize these ideals. The magazine will be the organ of no clique or party and will avoid personal rancor of all sorts. In the absence of proof to the contrary it will assume honesty of purpose on the part of all men, North and South, white and black. THANKSGIVING. WHEREAS, it is an old and goodly custom to give .thanks to God in the light of the harvest moon for His mercy and forbearance toward the Sons of Men; therefore in the furtherance of this ancient rite, We, TH E CRISIS, By the Grace of God, Guardian of the liberties of ten dark millions in this land and of the countless millions over seas, Defender of the faith of the Fathers of this Recreant Realm, do herewith establish and acclaim a day of Rest and Thanksgiving in every Negro Home and Church and School on the last and thirtieth day of this month, and in the year of the freedom of the American slave the forty-seventh. On this high Holy day Let us thank God that we do not profess a religion of human brotherhood which we have not the moral courage to practice. Let us thank God that we are a poor people, toiling in the sweat of our faces for daily bread and heeding the thunder of Sinai: "Thou shalt not steal" from the widow and orphan and laborer that we may flaunt in Jewels and Motor Cars. Let us thank God that we are not soldiers or murderers, but have shown mercy to bird and beast and little children, to our fellow women and fellow men, and that on our dark hands lies no stain of blood outcrying for vengeance. Let us thank God that we have set no foot in the Seat of the Scornful, but joy to bow with the Persecuted of the earth, beneath the hand of Hi m who' will not always chide, neither will He keep his anger forever. And, finally, Let us thank God that amid the ruin of our hopes and the shattering of our ideals, beneath the red hand of the lyncher, and with the THE CRISIS NOVEMBER, 1911 AN ARAB SCHOOL IN NORTH AFRICA: Studying and Reciting the Mohammedan Koran. 24 THE laughter of our enemies without, chiming to the surrender of cowardice within, we yet can listen to the song of birds and see the sunlight on the hills and know that within lies a Soul unconquered and unconquerable. Thus in that day shall we thank Almighty God, and, having thanked Him, we shall further say: "Lord, what wilt Thou have us to do?" Speak, that the dark and serried hosts wild with weird waiting at the armposts of Thine awful throne may know Thy will. Thy will be done, be it War or Peace, Death, or, heaviest of all, the long and ever longer silence in which we bow to crucifixion and burning, to lying and insult, to the spoiling of our sons and ruin of our daughters—even this, O God: Thou art the Lord! Given under our hand and seal on the first anniversary of our founding. TH E CRISIS. TH E CENSUS. IT will be interesting to hear the American chorus when the popu lation figures of the census of 1910 are published. They will show naturally a large increase of whites and a small increase of colored people. Then we will have a long howl of glee from the Negro baiters, a sigh of delicious content from the North and a puzzled silence from black folk. An d why ? The South will say: The decreased rate of increase of Negroes during the last decade was lower than ever before. It grows progressively lower. Therefore the Negro is dying out. The North will say: It is providential—the physique of inferior races, etc., etc. Yet what are the facts? They are as plain as day: The Negro population is increasing as fast as any normal modern folk. The increase of the whites in the United States is not normal. Their birth rate in every normal white country is decreasing far more rapidly CRISIS than that of the Negro. The white American situation is abnormal through an immense immigration. Even the so-called "native whites of native parents" are largely those whose grandparents migrated and those who forgot about the nativity of their parents. The mass of Southern native whites show all the marks of carelessness due to sudden economic affluence. From an economic position below slaves they have in a single generation been raised almost to the modern wage level. The result is big families. Now, to compare this temporary abnormal increase of whites in America with the more normal increase of colored people is silly. The facts concerning colored folk are well known: They have practically no immigration. They are under severe economic repression. They are under a mental and moral strain such as no group outside the Jews and Finns in Russia are to-day suffering. Despite this they are increasing as fast as the English, nearly as fast as the Germans and far faster than the French. They are without reasonable doubt increasing much faster than the original New England stock or the Quaker stock or any of the earlier settlers of America. With this large increase is going an economic betterment which is astounding when we remember the handicap, and is clearly shown in the agricultural and property statistics. And, finally, when all is said, remember that to-day there are ONE MILLIO N more colored people in America than there were in 1900. Remember that, allowing for every probable decrease in birth rate in the future, Americans will live to see 15,000,000 of colored people by 1950, and if the present tendencies persist these millions, because of their wealth and intelligence, will be less easily insulted, less easily scared into silence, less easily imposed upon by their own demagogues and, as Mr . Dooley has it, less "aisily lynched." EDITORIAL "SOCIAL EQUALITY." WE are with great assiduity collecting practical defini tions of "social equality." We say "practical" because the theoretical argument has gone quite insane. Here comes this month, The Missionary Voice, a well-disposed organ of the Southern white Methodists. In reviewing a pamphlet published by Atlanta University the Voice remarks concerning the editor that he is "well known as the leader of those Negroes who desire social equality for their race—a desire which crops out, here and there, through this pamphlet. The fact that no Southern white nor the wisest Southern blacks would sanction this desire for one moment does not lessen the impressiveness of this study of Negro effort to uplift the Negro race." Here we have a faint clue as to what the South means by "social equality" with black folk. The pamphlet in question is entitled "Efforts for Social Betterment Among Negro Americans." It treats of the charity of church and school, of women's clubs, homes, orphanages and hospitals, nurseries, settlements, etc. This does not look dangerous. Just where social equality "crops out" here it is hard to say, unless the South means by this phrase every effort of black men to be treated like other men. And this is what the South does mean. Because it means this it plunges into either contradiction or helplessness when Southern religion strikes the color line. In this same magazine, for instance, there occurs the following passage: "The Methodist Episcopal Church, South, is doing very little directly for the Southern Negro socially, educationally or religiously. The Board of Education appropriates $14,000 annually to the schools of the colored Methodist Episcopal Church, but the only Southern white Methodists that have any personal relation to any of these schools are three teachers in Paine College. Educationally the Negro needs the personal touch of the Christian white man. If we want to do 'social service,' no better place to begin can be found than among the Negroes in our towns and cities." Does not the Missionary Voice recognize that there can be no true "social service" or "personal touch" without "social equality?" Was it not the fact that Jesus Christ became the social equal of publicans, sinners and prostitutes that made Hi m the Great Teacher? How much more is social equality with honest laborers who are striving upward absolutely necessary for those who would really uplift? This is the whole movement of the age, and the South is whirling in a back eddy, damming progress and trying at once to avoid hypocrisy and-yet teach the black at arm's length with a club in one hand and a Bible in the other. This Missionary Voice is the voice of earnest, honest people. They are striving toward the light, but they have not reached it, and they are consequently illogical. The only logical folk in the South to-day are the Vardamans and Tillmans. They hold no illusions and know that you cannot treat a man as a man and as a beast at the same time. Therefore, they argue, treat Negroes as beasts. When will logic come to the better South and enable it to arise and say: "I dare despise nothing human. I am not better than my black neighbor." CHRISTIANITY RAMPANT. HOW long is practical Chris tianity going to be able to sur vive its own hypocrisy? How long is the world going to be able to profess a system of unselfish ethics, of lofty ideal, which it does not pretend to practice? If the augurs of Rome laughed at each other as they passed, how long at the present rate will Christian ministers be able to keep straight faces? At least we trust for the good of the world that the Christian missionaries who, go to the Mohammedan lands in the future will go to learn rather than to teach. What will they say to the latest exhibition of pure Christian brigandage on a weaker people? Why is Europe in general and Italy in particular falling afoul of 26 THE Turkey? Is it because of Turkish misrule? No, Europe has been able to stand that a thousand years. No, but as soon as the revolution and uplift came—as soon as the young Turks and the whole Mohammedan world showed signs of regeneration—then it was that the professed followers of the meek and lowly Jesus became shameless highwaymen. Austria seized one juicy bit; Montenegro put her hand on another, but found it too hot. Whereupon her ruler's son-in-law, King of Italy, saw a divine mission. He saw a chance to distract Italians from their own parlous condition by a debauch of conquest. The Jingo yelled, the soldier burnished his tinsel, and the Church, which no Italian blandishments of peace had been able to subdue, hastened to put its divine blessing on murder. There have been some pretty shameless wars in modern history, but Italy's conquest of Tripoli tops them all. Civilization will yet pay for this murderous debauch, and Christianity hang her head in shame. "EZEKIELISM." WE offer no apology for coin ing a new long needed Eng lish word. We simply pause to acknowledge our indebtedness to Miss Pratt and Miss Ovington and to recommend our readers to know the former's stories and to commit to memory the last chapter of "Half-a-Man." "Ezekielism" is the assumption that the faults of any particular individual are the innate faults of his group and that any virtues he may possess are peculiar to him and quite exceptional so far as his group are concerned. "Racial" faults and "exceptional" virtues are the rock foundation of "Ezekielism." The person who proposes to "Ezekielize" begins invariably with a phrase: "Now / have no prejudice." By this phrase ye shall know them—"I have no prejudice—BUT." That is the main statement and the ending is immaterial. It may be any one of these or a dozen others: I know a Negro who steals. I know a Jew who cheats. I know an Italian "black hander." CRISIS I know a woman who is frivolous. I know a white man who led a mob. After that persons afflicted with this form of hysteria proceed to "Ezekiel ize" and, lo! we learn that: Negroes steal. Jews cheat. Italians murder. Irishmen drink. Women are silly. White folk lynch. You may expostulate : "But J know one Negro——" "Exception," whispers your friend and the "Ezekielism" is complete. Now, such travesty on logic cannot be used on all races with impunity, because some races have sense enough to fight back. When a New York chief of police ventured to charge Jews with a large share of the crime of the city he lost his job. When Louisiana took to lynching Italians the United States Government paid a tidy sum; Boston and New York used to find no words too contemptuous for Irishmen, but the Lord or somebody else has touched their hearts recently; and so forth. To-day it is only the Negro who is the unquestionable victim of "Ezekielism." I approach a school principal with my child, along with a dozen other races. To the Italian, the Jew, the Irishman, the Yankee, he says: "How is Mabel? What of Bridget's arithmetic? Is Miriam strong? Can Assunta spell?" But, looking my child over, he says, reflectively: "Negroes have never done well in this school." I do not remind him that the school has had but two solitary little black waifs in twenty years. I do not lose my temper, for victims of "Ezekielism" are not responsible and one must allow for them. So I sigh and remark: "Indeed!" Or I present to a philanthropist the case of a decent woman who is refused food at Shanley's or Childs' or some other restaurant. He looks at me disapprovingly and says, shaking a fat finger: "I've been trying to get a cook " Then I know that he has a case of "Ezekielism" and I go. A Year of Segregation in Baltimore By W. ASHB1E HAWKINS For many years the great majority of the Negroes of Baltimore had their homes, their churches and what busi- W. ASHBIE HAWKINS Who conducted the first law case ness places they possessed in the central, southern and eastern sections of the city. Here and there in other sections—the western, northern-and northwestern—there were a few colored residents, of course, but their homes, with few exceptions, were on the narrow alleys or streets. Beginning in the early eighties a quiet movement to the more favored sections of the city, notably the northwestern, was begun and has continued until the present. It was greatly accelerated about 1898, when Sharp Street Memorial Methodist Episcopal Church, one of the oldest, if not the oldest, and most prominent of our city churches, began the erection at Dolphin and Etting Streets of its handsome house of worship; and a few years later when the colored high school was removed from the business section of the city to Dolphin Street and Pennsylvania Avenue, and when Union Baptist Church, one of the strongest religious forces in the community, dedicated its new home on Druid Hill Avenue, but a short distance from the other institutions just mentioned. Condemnation of large blocks of property in South Baltimore for the use of the Baltimore &amp; Ohio Railroad Company compelled a great number of our people to seek homes elsewhere, and the most natural course was to follow this migration to the northwest. The "invasion" of Russians and other foreigners in East Baltimore in like -manner forced many of our people there to seek other quarters, and to the northwest they went also. Persons coming to the city in search of business, educational or professional opportunities naturally sought the section occupied by the prosperous, and where the best houses were to be obtained. In East Baltimore, or Old Town, as it is popularly known, and the other older parts of the city the houses for the most part which were open to rent or purchase by our people were not always modern in their construction and appointment, and so when the great northwest with its splendid houses on wide streets, amid sanitary surroundings, were opened for rent and' purchase the opportunity was eagerly grasped. Another cause for which the black man is in no way responsible lies in the opening and development of large suburban tracts for residential purposes by the middle class of whites. Their migration to the suburbs threw great olocks of handsome houses on the market, and they had to be disposed of to anybody, and often on any terms. Baltimore was for years without any great suburbs, but with the coming and development of her cable and electric cars reaching out in every direction, these have grown with great rapidity and often at the expense of city market values. Druid Hill Avenue on the east, Dolphin Street on the south, Gilmore Street on the west and North Avenue on the north, a territory covering approximately ten blocks square and comprising some of the city's chief residential streets, is the section mostly affected by this Negro "invasion." More or less friction had been caused whenever a block was invaded—in several instances harsh measures were taken, such as breaking the window lights, putting tar on the white marble steps, and in other ways mutilating the property. In one or two cases the families moving in were frightened away, but the great majority stuck, and after a short time the excitement wore off, the whites either moving themselves or resigning gracefully to their fate. THE CRISIS THE OLD TYPE OF NEGRO ALLEY It may be remarked in passing that no whites in business in this territory have moved on account of this "invasion" except where Negro competition in the same line has made their business unprofitable. To-day by far the greater number of grocery and notion stores, the saloons and the tailoring and cleaning establishments are in the hands of white men, and they give no indication whatever of surrendering their opportunities to make money by these same people whose presence in a neighborhood seems so objectionable to many of their race. Druid Hill Avenue was, as I have just said, the eastern boundary line of this territory. Occasionally on streets within this section differences would arise when Negroes would move into a block where only whites lived, but for the most part there seemed a tacit understanding that this section belonged to the Negro and that he was not to be further disturbed in his possession of the same, provided he was content therewith, and would not further "encroach" on the whites. One fine morning, however, in the month of June, 1910, the residents of the 1800 block of McCulloh Street, east of Druid Hill Avenue, woke up to the knowledge that a house therein had been purchased by a colored man, and pretty soon after they witnessed the disquieting spectacle of a colored family moving in. It made no difference that the head of this family was a lawyer in good standing at the bar of this city, that he is a graduate of Yale University, that the wife is an educated woman, a high school graduate, and before her marriage a teacher of ability in the State of Indiana; that, in short, this was a cultured and educated family striving to live decently and to rear their children in as good environments as they could secure. Immediately a call was issued for a meeting of the greatly offended citizens, most of whom didn't own the property they occupied, nor any other, and with this start for weeks and months these hitherto obscure personages managed to keep themselves in the limelight by their appeals to race prejudice, their indignation meetings and newspaper interviews, by conniving at the conduct of hordes of half-grown and badly raised young men, who sought all means of harassing or embarrassing this family and their visitors. That actual harm to life and limb was not sustained by some, if not all the members of his family, is due largely to the patient care of the police officers on this beat, who knew the conditions of the neighborhood well, and who, because of this knowledge, were enabled to subdue a number of young ruffians who had the nerve to do rash acts, but hadn't the courage to answer for them afterward. Inspired by this agitation and the opportunity it gave for achieving a little popularity, a briefless lawyer named Milton Dashiell and George W. West, a member of the City Council, conceived A YEAR OF SEGREGATION IN BALTIMORE THE NEW TYPE OF NEGRO HOME the West Segregation Law, meant to prevent any further invasions of this character. This law, briefly stated, provided a penalty for any black man who would move into, or attempt to occupy, a house in a block where 51 per cent, or more of the houses therein were occupied by whites, and vice versa. It undertook also to punish the owner or agent of the property renting it. Exception was made in the case of servants. No attempt was made to restrain the sale or purchase of property anywhere or to anybody. After a long and tedious course through the City Council, attended by dramatic hearings of those favoring and those opposing the measure, it was finally adopted and signed by Mayor Mahool on December 10, 1910. In a very short time the first "arrest" was made for violation thereof. I use the word arrest, but in a strictly legal sense there was no arrest. The police officers with a caution, inspired by fear of future suits for false arrest, satisfied themselves, if not the law, by simply notifying the accused to appear at a stated time at the station house. In less than a month there were just twenty-six of these cases sent to court, and in no instance was there the slightest effort to treat those people as criminals. To emphasize possibly the difference between the races in the matter, one justice of the peace, under my observation, finding that the white agent had no property, released him on his own recognizance, and then took him as bondsman for his colored tenant. There were some humorous incidents connected with the execution of the law which, as afterward proved, was most unskilfully drawn. A white person who had temporarily removed from his home while needed repairs were being made to the same found, upon attempting to return, that this wonderful law had placed his house in a block 51 per cent, colored, and that to return to his own home would make him a criminal, subject to fine and imprisonment. In a short time, less than a month, the first case under the law was heard on demurrer before Judges Harland and Duffy of the Supreme Bench of this city, and without going into the merits of such legislation this law was declared ineffective and void because it was inaccurately drawn. "Stets" were entered by the State's Attorney in all the other "cases" on the docket in the Criminal Court, and .thus ended the first chapter in the attempt to segregate the Negroes of Baltimore. The partizans of this wrong were not, however, to be outdone by such a thing as an adverse court decision; it seemed to inspire them with a new determination to push further their war into Africa. Indeed, they affected to see in the court's decision a method of procedure, and forthwith the legislative 30 THE CRISIS A WHITE CHURCH Bought by Negroes father of the bill dropped the author of the first measure to seek the aid and assistance of more eminent counsel, and the Hon. William L. Marbury was retained to draw another law. Milton Dashiell, however, saw too much of glory and a possible clientage for himself in the matter to allow West or anybody else to drop him thus unceremoniously, and so in due time he appeared at the door of the City Council armed with another measure and seeking its introduction therein. He was not successful in this, but he called the attention of West and his followers to the possibility of a break in the ranks of the "segregationists," and of all things, not desiring this, differences were soon patched up and the public duly informed that the Hon. Milton Dashiell and the Hon. William L. Marbury were collaborating in their efforts to evolve a law that would stand the tests of the courts. After some considerable delay, evidencing the trouble these distinguished draughtsmen had in getting together a measure satisfactory to themselves, the new ordinance was presented to the City Council and was duly enacted April 7, 1911. It differs from the other in that the title more aptly conforms to the constitutional requirements; the meaning of the term "block" is defined with greater exactness, and there is a large number of legal phrases thrown in to give it professional color and distinction, but it is the opinion of both lawyers and laymen that it is as illegal as the former, and while skilfully drawn it is meaningless and ineffective. Its author is a rampant Negro hater, and like so many others of his kind he has often allowed his prejudices against us to blind him to the force and effect of a legal term. Shortly after the passage of the second ordinance it was discovered that one of the rules of the City Council had been overlooked or violated, and to make assurance doubly sure it was reintroduced in the Council, passed again by a strict party vote—all the Democrats voting for it and all the Republicans against it, and on May IS, as one of the last acts of his administration of the city's affairs, Mayor Mahool affixed his signature to it, and for the third time this infamous measure took its place among our local statutes. To date two "arrests" have been made under the law, one of the victims dismissed and the other awaits trial at the present term of the Criminal Court. Twelve Negro families, instead of one, are living in the 1800 block of McCulloh Street, the center of the disturbance. Ten idle houses in the same block and hundreds in other "mixed" blocks are eating up their values in taxes, ground rent, insurance, etc., waiting for white tenants who won't come, and colored tenants who are doubtful about any attempt on their part to test the merits of the new Segregation Law. One small religious organization has been forced by the police to cease holding their services in a "white" block, and a civil suit involving their rights in this matter is likely to be called for trial any day. The city is full of so-called "mixed blocks," where whites and blacks can both live, or move at random, to the end of time, and nobody be any the better or worse. Up to this time the West Segregation Law has caused little hardship to any Negro, is giving him trifling concern and no worry, but on the contrary is causing loss to many white property owners who can't sell or rent their property for want of white buyers or tenants, and by the refusal of responsible Negroes to take up the burden of testing the validity of the law, leaving that expensive luxury to those who either caused its passage or indifferently sat by while the enemies of both whites and blacks were pushing it through the City Council. SOME HEADLINES [The Crown is a paper published in Newark, N. J., "in the interests of practical religion." Its editor interprets this mission to include attacking race prejudice on every occasion, and we have before this quoted his burning and witty editorials. He recently published an extremely clever and suggestive essay on the psychology of newspaper headlines, which we reproduce almost in full.] The daily papers always call attention to the fact that a crime was committed by a Negro. This is quite right. It is a matter of social interest to know how crime is distributed between whites and blacks, as also between native born and foreign born. It is in the way of calling attention to the color of the crime that the wrong lies. The newspaper method of indicating this is to say that the criminal is a Negro, if he is, but if he is a white man to say nothing about his color, leaving that to be inferred. This course is adopted because there are so many more whites than Negroes, and hence it is necessary to print the word "Negro" or "colored" much less often than it would the word "white." The rule would be a good one. if people would only apply it rightly. But they do not, and they cannot be taught to do it. Here is how it works out: The reader sees after the name of a lawbreaker the word "Negro" or "colored." He sees this word day after day, and almost always associated with crime. He never sees the word "white" in this relation. And thus little by little, without his being aware of it, the impression is made on his mind that the Negro is a great criminal. The white murderer is merged with the criminal class, whereas the Negro murderer is identified, not with the nondescript criminal class, but with the Negro race. Thus the Negro race is made to bear the odium of its crime, which is just; but the white race is relieved of the odium of its crime, which is unjust. The disadvantage of the Negro is that in apportioning crime between whites and blacks only an act of the senses, namely, of the sight, is required by the reader of the newspaper to connect the Negro with crime; whereas in the case of the white a mental act is needed. Ad vertisers well understand the value of a repeated appeal to the eye, and that is why, month after month, they repeat the catchy phrase or picture. The mind insensibly becomes habituated to it. So, too, when newspapers day after day repeat Negro and crime, Negro and burglar, Negro and murder, Negro and assault, the mind of the reader automatically comes to regard the Negro as spending his time in committing crime. Take it in another field. Suppose that the newspapers, thought it important to indicate the division of crime between Protestants and Catholics (never mind the Jews just now). And suppose that because the Catholics are so much fewer the papers should do as they do with the Negro, that is, indicate the word Catholic, but leave the word Protestant to be inferred. Would any papers dare do this? And why not? Because the Catholics would not stand it; and they would be right. No matter what the facts, people would come to think of Catholics as criminal above others. "The papers," they would say, "are full of crimes by Catholics." If they were reminded that their own Catholic friends and acquaintances were not criminals—• why, those are exceptions—the rule still holds that Catholics are criminals. Now what is the remedy? For one thing, it can be assumed that newspapers will continue to apportion crime between white and black people. But let it be done fairly. Let us see how this suggestion would work out. I take this morning's paper, and scan the items of crimes. As it happens, on this July 5, there is not a single offence imputed to a Negro. Evidently they spent Independence Day becomingly. Every crime reported on that day was committed by a white man. Yet the reader would never think of this significant fact, simply because his attention is not called to it. But suppose it were. Suppose that after the name of each person accused of wrongdoing in the newspaper this morning the word "white" should follow, as the word "Negro" or "colored" would. Here is how the record would look: JANITOR (WHITE) TAKES LIFE OF TENANT. YOUTH (WHITE) WANTONLY SLAYS BOY. MAN (WHITE) PUTS FATAL BULLET INTO RIVAL WHO DEFENDED GIRL'S NAME. SIX ON STOOP SHOT BY MAN (WHITE) ACROSS STREET. TWO BURGLARS (WHITE) HIT IN FURIOUS BATTLE WITH POLICE. 32 	THE CROWD ALMOST KILLS THUG (WHITE) AFTER ATTACK. ATTACKED BY ROUGHS (WHITE) A VISITOR (WHITE) FROM OUT OF TOWN MORTALLY WOUNDS ONLOOKER. GOVERNMENT AFTER SMUGGLERS (WHITE). OFFERS TO EXPOSE BAND OF ROBBERS (WHITE) IF RELEASED. HIGH JINKS BY HUSBAND (WHITE) ALLEGED BY WIFE. KILLED FRIEND WHO SPLASHED HIM (WHITE). FIND TRAIL OF TWO OF WEIGELS MURDERERS (WHITE). YEGGS (WHITE) BLOW SAFE IN BALDWIN. SHOOTS DETECTIVE FOUR TIMES AND IS SHOT TWICE HIM-. SELF (WHITE). TWO BURGLARS (WHITE) ARE SHOT IN BATTLE WITH POLICEMAN. Now the comment of the .reader on these news items, so set forth, would be: "How good the colored people were yesterday. The whites seem to have been making all the trouble." The Negroes would receive credit for their clean record, as they should. As it is, nobody gives them a thought; and nobody gives them a thought except when they go wrong; and then all are blamed for the sin of a few. The Next Day.—This morning's paper, has no Negro crime reported either! This is interesting. Now. as for yesterday's criminal chronicle, so for to-day's let us put it in plain words that these supposed criminals were white, as it would be plainly set forth that they were black: SWINDLE CHARGED AGAINST TWO MEN (WHITE) OF GOOD FAMILY. ECHOES OF GRAFT (BY WHITE MEN) FOLLOW DISCHARGE OF CITY FIREWORKS. BURGLAR (WHITE) SON OF BANKER ADMITS LOOTING EIGHTEEN HOMES. FASHIONABLE DAKOTA SCENE OF FIERCE FIGHT (BY WHITES). SEES SON (WHITE) JAILED FOR LIFE. REICHMANN (WHITE) IS OUT ON BAIL. WOMAN LANDS THIEF (WHITE) AFTER A HARD FIGHT. EX-POLICEMAN (WHITE) CAUGHT PASSING "PHONY" CHECK. CRISIS PLOT (BY WHITES) TO KIDNAP MRS. JENKINS A SAD FAILURE. BLACK-HAND LETTER SENT TO OIL MAGNATE BY DETECTIVE (WHITE). HIS PICTURE HER WEAPON (BOTH WHITE). Next Day.—Again the paper has no item of crime by a Negro. What is the matter? Have they struck? Not, at least, to hurt anybody. Here is the police record for the day: MILLIONAIRE HOTEL PROPRIETOR AND THE TWO WOMEN CONFRONT	 EACH OTHER . (ALL WHITE). MAN (WHITE) FINED FOR KISSING GIRL. ROBBERS (WHITE) BIND AND GAG A WOMAN. GRAFT IN STATE PRISONS (BY WHITES). MEAT PACKERS (WHITE) ARRAIGNED. POLICE CAPTAIN (WHITE) LIES AND IS DEGRADED. HIGH-BORN THIEF (WHITE) HAS TRUNK FULL OF LOVE LETTERS. HUSBANDS (WHITE) DOING TIME APPEAL TO SPOUSES. WILL	 TAKE BACK RUNAWAY WIFE (WHITE). The Next Day.—And still no Negro wrongdoing in the paper! This virtue is becoming monotonous. If it were not for the whites, the papers would not be worth reading. Here is yesterday's white list: GEM SMUGGLING (WHITE). MURDER AND SUICIDE IN A BALLOON (BOTH WHITE). SUES FOR DIVORCE (BOTH WHITE). BOARDER (WHITE) ARRESTED AS THIEF. WITNESS ABDUCTED AND MADE DRUNK (ALL CONCERNED WHITE). POLICE CLUBBER (WHITE) TO PRISON. BURGLAR'S (WHITE) CLEAN SWEEP. INVESTMENT FAKERS (WHITE). AUTOIST (WHITE) BREAKS A MAN'S LEG. POLICEMAN (WHITE) ACCUSED OF EXTORTION. NEW DIVORCE COMPLAINT (BOTH PARTIES WHITE). FATHER (WHITE) DESERTS MOTHERLESS CHILDREN. TOO FOND OF "NIECES" (ALL CONCERNED WHITE). WOMEN'S CLUBS COLORED AMERICAN WOMEN By Dr. SUSAN M. STEWARD [From a paper read before the Races Congress.] The Afro-American women have distinguished themselves along so many lines that there is not time for me to tell you in detail what they have accomplished. Only a very few of the women DR. S. M. STEWARD can be named as the "beacon lights" of the groups they represent. In literature our first known writer of a book was Phyllis Wheatley, a native African woman, brought to America in 1761. Being a poet by nature, placed under conditions for the best physical, mental and moral development, a few years later she astonished the literary people of America and Europe with her wonderful intellectual ability. Her book, "Poems on Various Subjects, Religious and Moral," was published in London in 1773, and was dedicated to the Countess of Huntingdon. A long period intervened between the giving of this volume to the world by Phyllis Wheatley and the appearance of another. The next distinguished writer was Mrs. Frances Ellen Watkins Harper, who published a book of poems of high order in 1868. She was a great temperance lecturer and an enthusiastic suffragist. During this long interval, however, the work of many of our women writers found ready acceptance at the hands of the publishers of the Atlantic Monthly and of Mr. Garrison's paper, The Liberator. A book recently published by one of our women is entitled "The Work of the Afro-American Women." "It is worthy of note, as well as of congratulation, that colored women are making-great advancement in literary ventures. When the women of any race become intelligent and active in literary pursuits that race has acquired the greatest guarantee of success." Thus writes Benjamin F. Lee, D. D., bishop of the A. M. E. Church, in appreciation of this book written by Mrs. N.- F. Mossell of Philadelphia. Many women have made their mark in journalism. Some have edited paupers of their own, in the interest of the race, and others have been employed in the editorial departments of papers belonging entirely to the white race, as the Philadelphia Press, Golden Days and the Boston Herald. The most widely known of these journalists is Mrs. Ida B. Wells Barnett. Because of her bold defence of the men of the race and her denunciations of lynching as carried on in the Southern States, her paper, Free Speech, was destroyed, and she was banished from her home in Memphis, Tenn. Through her lectures in the North and in Europe she aroused a sympathy and a sentiment that brought into existence the following societies: The Society for the Recognition of the Brotherhood of Man in Scotland, the Anti-Lynching Committee in England and in America the Central Executive Council of America. The members of these societies were among the most distinguished men and women in Europe and America. As lecturers we have had, and now have, women of strong character and intellectual ability. Our brightest lights in this field, known in Europe as well as America, are Miss Hallie Q. Brown, a graduate of Wilberforce University, Ohio; Mrs. Amanda Smith, and Mrs. Mary Church Terrell, a graduate of Oberlin College, Ohio. There are said to be 25,000 colored teachers in the United States, and of this number the women are largely in the majority. In many cities of the North are "mixed schools," where the teachers and pupils both are white and colored. THE CRISIS The agitation that brought about the mixed schools in the city of New York was the demand on the part of the colored teachers for equal rights for teachers as well as for pupils. Mrs. S. J. Garnet, the principal of No. 81, was the prime mover in this cause. Our women are represented in the trades and professions. The first colored young woman in the United States to graduate in medicine was Miss Susan M . Smith, of Brooklyn, N. Y., who graduated in 1870, as valedictorian of her class. Now we can number nearly one hundred women physicians. There are many hundred trained nurses, some pharmacists and dentists, a few lawyers, and even some ministers. There are many women who rank as stars in the musical world, both vocalists and instrumentalists. Two of these are said to have reached the "top round" of the ladder—Madame Selika and Madame Hackley, both known in Europe as well as America. I have tried to hastily tell you of the progress of our women, not yet fifty years away from slavery. The club spirit prevails among them, as well as among the women of the Caucasian race, and they are working for the intellectual and moral uplifting of the race, having taken as their motto: "Lifting as we climb." What may they not accomplish with the infusion and enthusiasm of such a spirit. THE BURDEN COLORED 1885.. 1886.. 1887.. 1888,. 1889.. 1890.. 1891.. 1892.. 1893.. 1894.. 1895.. 1896.. 1897.. MEN LYNCHED WITH OU T TRIAL. 78 1898. 102 71 1899. 84 80 1900. 107 95 1901. 107 95 1902. 86 90 1903. 86 121 1904. 83 155 1905. 61 154 1906. 64 134 1907. oO 112 80 1908. 1909. 93 73 122 1910. 05 Total 2.458 THE GROWTH OF PREJUDICE. A few weeks ago Mr. Joseph Braxton, a young colored man of Harrisburg, Pa., applied for admission to Worcester Academy, in Massachusetts, of which Mr. D. W. Abercrombie is president, in order to prepare for Brown University. After the usual correspondence the young man presented himself. He was sent away with the following letter (the italics are ours): "I regret very much the unfortunate circumstance which makes it necessary to write this letter to you. Your son arrived here last night, and, as you must know, we were very much surprised to find that he is a colored boy. In all our correspondence with you, and with Mr. Greene, no mention has ever been made of this fact. If you had told us that the boy is a Negro we should have explained our necessary conditions, and this would have prevented the boy's trip to Worcester, At several times in the history of the Worcester Academy Negroes have been admitted to the school, and a number of them have done well, and been an honor to themselves, their race and this school, but the personnelof the student body has changed,especially in the last few years, and it would be unwise at the present time to admit Negroes. This is not at all on account of prejudice against the race, or against any one Negro personally. It is the wisest course for us to pursue, and it is a policy which must be strictly adhered to. As I said in the beginning, 1 am exceedingly sorry that your son took the trip to Worcester, but under the circumstances I think we are blameless. He seems to think that the information that he was a Negro failed to reach us through a misunderstanding on the part of you and Mr. Greene. I like the boy's appearance and spirit, as well as his courage, and I wish for him only the greatest success." THE CONTRACTOR AND THE BELLBOY. A most interesting tale comes from Cincinnati. One of the city's great newspapers printed a story with these headlines : AWOKE To Find Negro in Bed. Beside Her and Husband—Thrilling Experience of Contractor's Wife at the Imperial Hotel. The tale went on to tell how a policeman, "answering calls for help," ran to the hotel and saved a certain Mrs. McCormick from "one of the boldest attempts to assault ever brought to the attention of the police." During this adventure, the newspaper said, Mr. Mc Cormick "continued to sleep," but his THE indignation when finally aroused "knew no bounds, and he at once started out to hunt for the colored man to kill him." The Negro in question, oddly enough, was not lynched—is the white race becoming spiritless?—but was brought into court the next morning. It appears that Mr. McCormick had been very drunk and the colored man had brought him to his room. He went on an errand for the man and returned with a message. He did not even enter the room. There were no screams for help—the woman accused him of trying to enter BURDEN 	35 the room and he showed his innocence so clearly that he was at once freed of the charge. But the headlines, no doubt, did their share in the work of arousing the lynching spirit. •J A white woman, a nurse in a good family in Cincinnati, was arrested in company with a colored man, a butler, for "loitering." They said that the woman, who was a stranger in the city, had lost her way and that the colored man, to whom she had appealed for information, was taking her to the car. No evidence was brought forward to show that they were anything but perfectly respectable. WHAT TO READ BOOKS. Demarest,Virginia—"Nobody's." Harper. Drummond, May Harvey—"The Story of Quamin." Putnam. This is a sketch of the life of a Negro boy from infancy to maturity as he is found in Jamaica and other West Indian islands. Du Bois, W. E. B.—"The Quest of the Silver Fleece." McClurg. Fite, Emerson David—"The Presidential Campaign of 1860." Macmillan. Morton, E.—"Lincoln, Lover of Mankind." Moffat. Roby, M.—"M y Adventures in the Congo." Longmans. Semple, Ellen Churchill—"The Influence of Geographic Environment." Holt. Swift, Lindsay—"William Lloyd Garrison." Jacobs. Washington, Booker T.—"My Larger Education." Doubleday, Page. Williams, A. D.—"Praise of Lincoln." Bobbs-Merrill. Wilson, David Alec—"East and West." Methuen. "East and West" is a collection of notes made by the writer during twenty-five years of service in the Indian Civil Service in Burma. Mr. Wilson suggests that social intercourse between the races should be restricted to the intelligent people of both sides. PERIODICALS. "Alcohol in Africa." Sir Harry H . Johnston. The Nineteenth Century and After, September. " A Pawn in the Struggle for Freedom." Ray Stannard Baker. American, September. "Concerning Prejudice." Scott Nearing. Everybody's, September. "Four Giants in Brobdingnag." Mark F. Wilcox. Century, September. "Frenchman and German in Africa." Edgar Allen Forbes. Review of Reviews, September. "General Grant's Letters to General Beale." Scribner's, October. "General Sherman on His Own Record: Some Unpublished Comments." Edited by Jared W. Young. Atlantic, September. "Notes on Some Tribes of British Central Africa." H . S. Stannus. Journal of the Royal Anthropological Institute of Great Britain and Ireland, July to December, 1910. "Race and Colour Prejudice in India." W. B. Oldham. The Imperial and Asiatic Quarterly Review, July. "Some Rights of College Students." Thaddeus P. Thomas. Independent, September 28. "The Dred Scott Decision in the Light of Contemporary Legal Doctrines." Edward S. Corwin. The American Historical Review, October. "The Fate of the Lincoln Conspirators." John A. Gray. McClure's, October. "The Fifteenth Amendment." Independ ent, September 21. "The Little Hopping Frog." Lucy Pratt. Atlantic, September. "The Mystery of Zimbabwe." Frederick A. Edwards, F. R. G. S. Asiatic Quarterly Review, July. "The Story of the Civil War Told by Photographs." Gen. Horatio C. King. Review of Reviews, October. "The Trick-Doctor." Thomas Nelson Page. Scribner's, September. "Trying to Solve the World's Problems of Race." Saint Nihal Singh. Review of Reviews, September. "The Universal Races Congress." Arthur Ransom. Westminster Review, September. "Under	 the Yoke." H. W. Nevinson. North American Review, August. "When Mammy's Away." Adam Breede. McClure's, October. 36 THE CRISIS Two Negro men came up to the outskirts of a crowd where Senator Bailey was making a campaign speech. After listening to the speech for about ten minutes, one of them turned to his companion and asked: "Who am dat man, Sambo?" "A h don't know what his name am," Sambo replied, "but he certainly do recommen' hisself mos' highly."—Success. A n Imposter ! This man, Eugene Howard, is swind ling persons in Okla homa, Kansas and Texas by fraudu lently representing TH E CRISIS and collecting sub scnptions. Information leading to bis arrest will be rewarded. ORIENTAL SACHET POWDER Fragrant and Lasting. Put up in attractive glass bottles with aluminum screw tops. Seven odors to choose from : Honeysuckle, Mignonette, Violet, Bouquet, Trefle Incarnat, Lilac, Rose Sweet. Price per bottle, 25c, mailed postpaid. Price List of Toilet Goods free. Agents Wanted. ALEXANDER SPECIALTY CO. 150 Nassau Street New York City Bom. 2220 Cen. 6322 Van Noy Printing Go. 100 Linen Finish Cards by Mail, 50c. COMMERCIAL PRINTING SOCIETY PRINTING BOOK AND JOB PRINTING 2315 MARKET ST. ST. LOUIS, MO. ADVERTISER If you are honest, ambitious and determined to succeed in business—a business absolutely your own—we can help you. We will teach you by mail the secrets of Real Estate, Brokerage and Insurance business, list pro-• perties and propositions with and for you to handle so' you can make money from the very start. We Teach You All the Secrets of Real Estate, Brokerage and Insurance Business We Instruct You In Salesmanship. Advertising:. Office System. Real Estate-Titles. Conveyancing. How to List Properties. How to Judge Values. How to Option Properties. How to Find Prospective Customers. How to Close Deals. How to Secure Loans. How to Get Insurance Business. How to Organize and Finance Corporations. In factt all tne essential secrets known to and practiced by the successful broker and promoter. We also give you a thorough Commercial Law Course,enabling you to meet for yourself and overcome difficulties that may arise. In short, we start you on the road to success. Success and Independence Mr. Gates says: "I started into this business without capital and have built up one of the most successful agencies in Vermont." Mr. Dunbar of Kansas says: "I have cleared up for myself during the year (his first year) over $9,000." Mr. Reynaud of Texas says: "I have done remarkably well for a beginner, having made over $6,500 in commissions since I started, nine months ago." Our 64-page book, sent free, tells you how to start—a postal card will bring it—write today, INTERNATIONAL REALTY CORP., 619 Manhattan Bldg Chicago, III. READ THE CLASSIFIED ADVERTISEMENTS ON PAGES 39, 40 AND 41. No. 4 Special Buggy $65.00 A value unequaled. Sold on $1.00 Profit Margin. Write for prices and other styles. Send for catalog. C. R. Patterson &amp; Sons GREENFIELD, OHIO Largest Negro carriage concern in the United States Mention TH B CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 37 WHERE TO STOP Cj[ Our readers are urged to use these hotels and stopping places. They are modern in every sense, and the traveling public is assured comfort and efficient service. &lt;J For detailed information concerning resorts and hotels write The Travel Editor of The Crisis, 20 Vesey St., New York NEW YORK CITY Marshall's Hotel 127-129 West 53d Street NEW YORK CITY COMFORT—Large, airy rooms, .offering genuine home comforts plus the conveniences and privileges of a modern hotel. SERVICE—In the hotel and dining room the "Marshall" service is an exceptional feature, which assures comfort and pleasure for our patrons. Restaurant open all night. Cuisine to satisfy the most discriminating VOCAL AND INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC EVERY EVENING Breakfast, 7:30 to 12:30, 30c. Luncheon, 12:30 to 3, 30c. Dinner, 6 to 8, 35c. Special Course Dinner Every Sunday and Holidays, 50c. Telephones 4693 - 4694 Columbus J. L. MARSHALL, Proprietor THE CLIFF HOUSE THE SOUTHERN RESTAURANT 253 WEST 134TH STREET (Under New Management) NEWLY OPENED 2229 FIFTH AVENUE Ideal home for gentlemen. Laundry, darning Between 135th and 136th Streets NE W YOR K and tailoring done on premises, and included in rent for room. Real home cooking. Gome and be convinced. Every modern convenience. Our motto is to please you. Meals at all hours, MRS. W. E. PERKINS, Prop. MRS. M. J. FERDINAND, Proprietress 'Phone Chelsea 2957 Telephone 5395 Chelsea THE TEN EYCK HOUSE TH E LAWS HOUSE 232 WEST 20TH STREET FURNISHED ROOMS Between 7th and 8th Avenues NE W YOR K BY DAY, WEEK OR MONTH Neatly Furnished Rooms for Permanent Convenient to the Pennsylvania Depot and All Car Lines MBS. THOMAS L. TEN EYCK, Proprietress 245 WEST 20TH STREET NEW YORE or Transient Guests by Day or Week MRS. L. D. LAWS, Proprietress " A quiet place for quiet people to dine" "THE BRADFORD" 'Phone 2877 Lenox 73 WEST 134TH STREET Between Fifth and Lenox Avenues NE W YOR K WHITE ROSE WORKING GIRLS' Oysters, Ohops, Steaks, Rarebits, Salads, Olub HOME Sandwiches, Etc. Regular Dinner, 25c, from 2 p. m. to 9 p. m. Meals Served at All Hours. 217 East 86th Street Private Dining Room. Furnished Rooms To Bet. Second and Third Avenues Let. Permanent or Transient. Pleasant temporary lodgings for working girls, JOH N E . BRADFORD , Proprietor with privileges, at reasonable rates. The Home solicits orders for working dresses, aprons, etc. Address: MRS. FRANCES E. KEYSER, Supt. HARLEM PRIVATE HOUSE Furnished rooms to let for gentlemen only. Hot and cold water in every room. MBS. BEERY L. HICKS, Proprietress IS YOUR HOTEL LISTED HERE? 268 WEST 133D STREET NEW YORK IF NOT, WRITE US. Four doors from Eighth Avenue Mention TH E CRISIS. 38 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER NORTH CAROLINA SANDERS' HOTEL 301 S. Caldwell Street, Charlotte, N. C. Ideal location for transient and permanent boarders. All modern conveniences and comforts of home life. J. T. SANDERS Proprietor 'Phone 681 Hot and Cold Baths WARREN HOTEL MISS BETTIE DUNCAN, Proprietress First-class accommodations. Meals at all hours RATES REASONABLE COR. RAMSEY AND PROCTOR STREETS Three Blocks from Union Station DURHAM, N. C. KELLY MILLER'S WORKS COMPREHENSIVE, CANDID, STATESMANLIKE. RACE ADJUSTMENT Large, octavo, 300 pages, best book, cloth, gilt edge, gold top. Price $2.00. , "Prof. Miller shows himself a master of an incisive style and a keen logician." —Cleveland Plain Dealer. "Admirable for calmness and temper, thoroughness and skill."—New York Evening Post. "Controversial, brilliantly so."—New York Sun. PAMPHLETS Roosevelt and the Negro 10c The Talented Tenth 10c Appeal to Reason 10c Brief for the Higher Education of the Negro 10c Forty Years of Negro Education 10c Primary Needs of the Negro Race 10c The Ultimate Race Problem 10c The Political Capacity of the Negro 10c Social Equality 6c Agents wanted. Apply to author, Howard University, Washington, D. C. HOOT SUPREME OFFICERS OF THE A A O O O Home Nest Tree 110K West Colfax Ave. South Bend, Ind. Hoo HOO ! Hoo Hoo ! Hoo Hoo ! SOMETHING NEW The Afro-American Order of Owls With a Graduated Scale of Endowment WANTED—Organizers in every city in the United. States. For particulars write G. W . Bland, H. S P., 110 1/2 Colfax Avenue, South Bend, Indiana. Do You Want to Make Money? CANVASSERS TO SELL SPHINX HANSOPE Used in garage, machine shop, factory and home. Twenty-five boxes for $1.25; you sell for $2.50. Whitens the skin, softens the hands, prevents chapping, heals cracks and sores. The first aid in burns. Strictly antiseptic. SPHINX LABOR-SAVING SOAP CO., Inc. 117 West Street, New York City Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER CLASSIFIED ADVERTISING Q Through our Classified Advertising Service you have the opportunity to tell your little wants to 40.000 SELEC T readers. Q If you want HELP , you can find, among TH E CRISIS readers, graduates of Industrial Schools and thousands of young people who are trained for efficient, dependable service. Q If you want a POSITION. TH E CRISIS can help you find high-class places for teachers, managers, clerks, stenographers, hotel men, etc., etc. &lt;J You will find our readers very responsive to this department for Business Opportunities, Investments, Correspondence Schools, Agents Wanted, etc Q Advertisers may have replies sent in care of TH E CRISIS and forwarded. Q Classified advertising rates made known on application. REAL ESTATE Valuable Texas Lands For Sale Large tracts of farm land in the best localities of the State for sale at very flattering prices. Small tracts for good lands suitable for farming, truck, fruits and any domestic product. We have for sale a number of large farms already in cultivation, good houses and barns, wells, and nice pasture lands, which can be obtained at reasonable rates. City property a specialty. Business lots in the best part of the city, improved and unimproved. Large lots suitable for factory property with switch facilities. No investment can be more valuable than an investment in Texas real estate. Lands are becoming so valuable that they are doubling themselves in value in lesB than a year's time. For any investment in Texas property, write T. B. Madison Real Estate Company, 2415 Elm Street, Dallas, Texas. To Colored People For SALE — W e have houses from $1,000 to $30,000. Our city is the capital of Ohio and a great manufacturing center—plenty of work, a good place to locate for business. Can sell you a house for $50, $100 to $500 down, balance like rent. For investment and speculating houses or business places, $1,000 to $5,000 down, balance on long time payment. Farm land prices from $1 000 to $10,000 up. Any of these are in good locations. Write for further information. THIS IS A COLORED ENTERPRISE. EDWARD A. SHANKLIN Real Estate 1218 1/2 Mt. Vernon Ave. Columbus, Ohio The Opportunity of a Lifetime Ten thousand acres at $10 per acre are now offered to thousands of progressive and industrious colored people throughout the United States of America to substantially improve their condition, regardless as to whether they are in moderate circumstances or wealthy, by the Southern Land Development Co. whose capital stock is $2,500,000, incorporated under the laws of Arizona, with general office at 124 1/2 South Union Avenue, PUEBLO, COLO., has a holding of 167,402 acres of some of the best land to be found anywhere in the world, which they are now selling at $10 per acre; $1.25 per acre down as first payment, the balance in one, two or three years, at 6% interest. This land is located in the State of Campeche, Mex., and is known as La Montana Tract. It is noted for its dyewood. It is just nine miles from the Gulf on the Champoton River, four hundred and fifty miles southeast of Mexico City. QUALITY—These lands have eighteen kinds of hardwood distributed throughout the property. They are producing oranges, limes, cocoanuts, pears, corn, cotton, sugar cane, bananas, tobacco, rice, and every other kind of tropical product; also henequen, the greatest product of the country, which yields a net profit of $70 to $80 per acre. The climate is excellent, plenty of rainfall and no drought, cheap labor; the best chance on earth for the colored man to become wealthy and independent. Hundreds are going there to live, others are buying because it is a safe and profitable investment. We want good, reliable agents throughout the country. If you are interested write at once to the Southern Land Development Co. PUEBLO, COLO. P. O. Box No 6. Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER REAL ESTATE An investment in New York City and its suburban Real Estate offers the surest road to success and wealth. Lots, farm lands and houses for sale. Out-of-town correspondence invited. S. AUGUSTUS DUNCAN REAL ESTATE AND INSURANCE BROKER 2229 Fifth Avenue New York SCHOOLS YOUNG MAN, HAVE YOU A TRADE? By our method we teach the Barber Trade in six weeks. We give you a complete set of tools and secure you a position in a shop. Call or write for particulars. NEW YORK BARBER SCHOOL Costello &amp; Wise Cor. Bowery and Rivington St. NE W YOR K HELP WANTED LOCAL REPRESENTATIVES for TH E CRISIS wanted in each locality. Some agents sell over 800 copies monthly. Write for particulars. Address: FRANK M. TURNER CIRCULATION MANAGER Suite 311 20 Vesey Street, New York WANTED—Competent business man to act as Secretary and Assistant Manager of Brick Company. Must invest at least $500. Only correspondents furnishing references will be answered. This is a rare opportunity and should be investigated at once. Address, Box 226, Mound Bayou, Miss. EMPLOYMENT AGENCIES RELIABLE HELP at all timeB for the most discriminating -mployers. Out-of-town correspondence invited. References thoroughly investigated AddresB: MISS I. L. MOORMAN 463 Lenox Avenne New York Are you in need of ), T»««»™»**™« nT1T7 HELP or Is your friend in need of } POSITION? If so, 'phone, call or write the MIDDLESEX EMPLOYMENT AGENCY 2229 Fifth Ave., near 136th St. OHAS. A. XNOWLES, Mgr. References Carefully Investigated 'Phone 6870 Harlem CRISIS AGENT TH E CRISIS CHARLES D. LEVY Agent, New Orleans, La. JEWELRY A BEAUTIFUL Gold-Filled Ring $1.00 Suitable as a present or Christmas gift. Write for particulars. DODSON COMPANY Importing Jewelers 127 W. VINE ST., KNOXVILLE, TENN. DRESSMAKING MRS. L. FROST 139 West 135th Street New York City FASHIONABLE DRESSMAKER Machine or hand-made gowns and waists made in up-to-date styles MRS. DOCIA A. McCLAIN 119 W. 134th Street New York City Will continue to operate the dressmaking and tailoring establishment known as N. Vaughan, 119 W. 134th Street, New York City, and is in a position to better satisfy her customers. EMBROIDERY IDA B. CURTIS 1G-18 W. 136th Street, Apt. A, New York City Embroidering done to order; also instruction given at reasonable price. Special attention to misses. FUNERAL DIRECTORS Thos. A. Lester, Manager Thomas Mangrum, Assistant MAMIE L. ANDERSON LICENSED E MB AlMER FUNERAL DIRECTOR 2293 Seventh Avenue New York City ALL MODERN IMPROVEMENTS LARGE FUNERAL PARLORS Brooklyn Branch Tel. 7949 Morn. 473 Carlton Avenue Open All Night Tel. 3870-W. Pros. Sam. P. Taylor, Funeral Director ENTERTAINER 'Phone 4876-W Harlem The Quaint Entertainer, Author and Banjo Comedian AL. BROWN Presents His DUO, TRIO AND QUARTETTE For All Private Occasions References: The Public for 12 Years Studio: 16-18 W. 136th St. New York City Hours: 10 A. M. to 7 P. M. Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS MUSIC HELE N ELISE SMITH CONCERT PIANIST Post-Graduate of the Institute of Musical Art Pupil of Sigismund Stojowaki Teacher of Piano, Theory, Ear-training, etc. 224 EAST 86TH STREET, NEW YORK CITY SONGS.—There is money to be made in song-writing. If yon write poems or compose music, send us your work for examination. If terms are satisfactory we will publish and pay one-half profits. GOTHAM-ATTUCKS MTTSIC CO. 136 WEST 37TH STREET NEW YORK MISS EDITH W. McKENNY Concert Pianist 310 W. 119th Street New York City Piano lessons given privately or in classes at reasonable rate6. Mnsic furnished for private parties. FURRIER Seventeen Years' Experience WORK TURNED OUT PROMPTLY MRS. G. B. NEEDLES Late with Broadway houses PRACTICAL FURRIER All kinds of furs remodelled, repaired and relined. White furs cleaned, equal to new. Coats guaranteed to fit. Prices reasonable. 24 WEST 135TH STREET NEW YORK Read the classified advertisements on pages 39, 40 and 41. ADVERTISER BOOKS JOINING TH E NAVY; OB, ABROAD WITH UNOLE 8AM By JOHN H. PAYNTER, A.M. First Race Contribution to Navy Literature Ordered by the Government for Libraries of War Vessels "It is a perfect picture of life on board' ship when I first went to sea. The story is told so simply and in such good style, and holds its interest so, that I read it through at one sitting."—Richardson Clover, Rear Admiral, U . S. N., Retired. Cloth Bound. 300 Pages. Fully Illustrated. SECOND EDITION Sent Postage Paid on Receipt of One Dollar Address care of SUDWARTH PRINTING 00. WASHINGTON. D. O. PICTURES Most beautiful works of art suitable for parlor and bedroom. Should be in every Negro home. Pictures 16x20. ' 'Jesus Died for Both.*' ' 'Clinging to the Cross." ' 'Beacon Light." "Booker T. Washington." "Protecting Angel." *'Heavenward.'' ' 'Onward.'' ' 'Jack Johnson.'' ' 'The Colored Troop Charging up San Juan Hill." "Moses." "The Little Shepherd." Price, postpaid, 25 cents. 17 Beautiful Art Postcards, 15 Cents Mottoes, Lovers, Comics, Christmas, New Year's, Thanksgiving and other holiday cards. Seeing New York on a postal card; 25 in all. Postpaid, 25 cents. AGENT WANTED Our agents are coining money on these pictures and postcards. One agent made $15 in one day. JACOB GRIFFITH 252 WEST 53d STREET NEW YORK LEGAL DIRECTORY J. DOUGLAS WETMOR E Real Estate and Probate Matters a Specialty ATTORNE Y AND COUNSEXOB-AT-LAW ROBERT B. BARCUS 5 Beekman Street (Temple Court) New York City ATTORNEY AND COUNSELOR-AT-LAW NOTARY PUBLI C Tel. 6222 Cortlandt Cable Address, Judowet Office: Room 502, Eberly Block Columbus, O B. S. SMITH FREDERICK L. McGHEE ATTOBNEY AND COUNSELOB-AT-LAW. ATTORNEY AND COUNSELOR-AT-LAW Offices: Suite 610, Sykes Block Union Block, Fourth and Cedar Streets Minneapolis, Minn. St Paul, Minn. General Practice Notary Public GEORGE W. MITCHELL WILLIAM R. MORRIS ATTORNEY-AT-LAW ATTORNEY AND COUNSELOR-AT-LAW 908 Walnut Street 1020 Metropolitan life Building Minneapolis, Minn. Philadelphia, Pa. Mention TH E CRISIS. 42 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER A limited number of free beds maintained for the worthy poor. Other ward patients maintained at $7.00 per week. Private rooms can be secured from $12.00 to $30.00 per week. The training school for nurses maintains a two years' course. A high school certificate, or an education sufficient to be considered an equivalent, necessary for admission. Five thousand dollars endows a free bed. Andrew F. Stevens, President. Nathan F . MOSSELL, M.D . Medical Director and Superintendent Frederick Douglass Memorial Hospital and Training School, Philadelphia, Pa. 3. A. KELSEY, Pres. DR. WM. J. CARTER, Chiropodist MME A. C. KELSEY, Gen'l Instr. The Kelsey School of Beauty Culture and Hair Dressing 328 Lenox Avenue, New York City. Branch: 75 W. 135th Street Personal instruction given in the Art of Manicuring, Shampooing, Hair Dressing, Beauty Culture, Chiropody, and the manufacturing of Human Hair Goods. Send for booklet-directory of the recently graduated students. Courses from $10 to $65. Telephone 3263 Harlem CARPET CLEANING CLEANERS AND RENOVATERS FOR PARTICULAR PEOPLE NEW YORK CAREFUL CLEANING BUREAU 12 WEST 135TH STREET We make a specialty of cleaning and renovating carpets, rugs, portieres and upholstered furniture, we also vacuum clean in the home. We are not the largest carpet cleaner in the world, but absolutely the most careful in every detail. SHAMPOOING CARPETS AND RUGS OUR SPECIALTY ESTABLISHED 1887 'Phone 4715 Mad. Sq. L. A. de TOSCANO CO. OLDEST COLORED REGALIA ESTABLISHMENT IN THE CITY Knights of Pythias BADGES Paraphernalia Knights Templars and Supplies JEWELS And Patriarchs for All Societies Equipments REGALIA Estimates Given Mme. B. E. de Toscano, Manager 146 WEST 31St STREET Bet. Sixth and Seventh Avenue. NEW YORK CITY Mention TH E CRISIS. THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION for the ADVANCEMENT of COLORED PEOPLE (Incorporated Ma y 26, 1911) OBJECT.—Th e National Association for the Advancement of Colored People is an organization composed of men and women of all races and classes who believe that the present widespread increase of prejudice against colored races and particularly the denial of rights and opportunities to ten million Americans of Negro descent is not only unjust and a menace to our free institutions, but also it a direct hindrance to World Peace and the realization of Human Brotherhood. METHODS.—The encouragement of education and efforts for social uplift; the dissemination of literature; the holding of mass meetings; the maintenance of a lecture bureau; the encouragement of vigilance committees; the investigation of complaints; the maintenance of a Bureau of Information; 'the publication of THE CRISIS; the collection of facts and publication of the truth. ORGANIZATION.—All interested persons are urged to join our organization —associate membership costs $ 1, and contributing and sustaining members pay from $2 to $25 a year. FUNDS.—We need $10,000 a year for running expenses of this work and particularly urge the necessity of gifts to help on our objects. OFFICERS.—Th e officers of the organization are: National President — Mr . Moorfield Storey, Boston, Mass. Chairman of the Executive Committee— Mr. Oswald Garrison Villard, New York. Treasurer—Mr. Walter E . Sachs, New York. Director of Publicity and Research—Dr. W. E. B. DuBois, New York. Secretary—Miss Mary W . Ovington, New York, COMMITTEE.—Our work is carried on under the auspices of the following General Committee, in addition to the officers named: Miss Gertrude Banium, New York. Miss Francos Blascoer, New York, •llev. W. H . Brooks. New York. Prof. John Dewey. New York. 'Dr. John Lovejoy Elliott, New York. •Mr. Thos. Ewlng. Jr., New York. •Rev.	 John Haynes Holmes, New York. Mr. Hamilton Holt. New York. Miss Maud it. Ingersoll. New York, "Mrs. Florence Kelley, New York. *Mr. Paul Kennaday. New York. "Mrs. F. It. Keyser. New York. Dr. Chas. Len/, New York. Mr. Jacob \V. Mack, New York. "Mrs. M. D. Maclean. New York. •Mr.	 John E. Mllholland. New York. Rev. Horace G. Mi Her, New York. Mrs. Max Morgenthau, Jr., New York. Mr. James F. Morton. Jr.. New York. Mr. Henry Moskowltz. New York. Miss Leonora O'Reilly, New York. •Rev. A. Clayton Powell. New York. •Mr.	 Charles Edward Russell, New York. Mr. Jacob II. Schlff, New York. Prof. E. R. A. Seligman, New York. •Dr.	 Joseph Silverman. New York. Mrs. Anna Garlln Spencer, New York. "Prof.	 J. B. Spingarn, New York. Mrs. Henry VlUard. New York. •Miss Lillian D. Wald. New York •Mr. Wm, English Walling, New York. •Bishop	 Alexander Walters, New York. Dr. Stephen S. Wise, New York. Mlrns M. R. Lyons. Brooklyn, N. Y. •Dr.	 O. M. Waller, Brooklyn. N. Y. Mr. D. Macon Webster, Brooklyn, N. Y. Mr. Geo. E. Wibecan, Jr., Brooklyn, N. Y. Mrs. W. H. Talbert, Buffalo. N. Y. Hon. Thos. M. Osborne, Auburn, N. Y. "Mr.	 W. L. Bulkley. Rldgefleld Park, N. J. Mr. George W. Crawford, New Haven, Conn. Miss Maria Baldwin, Boston, Mass. Mr. Francis J. Garrison, Boston, Mass Mr. Archibald H . Grlmke. Boston, Mass. Miss Adelene Moffat, Boston. Mass. •Mr.	 Albert E. Plllsbury. Boston, Mass. Mr. Wm. Munroe Trotter. Boston. Mate. Dr. Horace Bumstead, Brooklino, Mass Miss Elizabeth C. Carter, New Bedford, Man. Rev. Harvey Jonnston. Baltimore, Md, Rev. Gamett R. Walter, Baltimore, Md. Prest. Chaa. T. Thwing, Cleveland, O. Mr. Chaa. W. Chesnutt, Cleveland. O. Hon. Harry C. Smith, Cleveland, 0. Prest. H. C. King, Oberlln. O. Preet. W. 8. Scarborough, Wilberforce, O. •Miss Jane Addams, Chicago, 111. •Mrs. Ida B. Wells Harnett, Chicago, 111, •Dr.	 C. E. Bentley, Chicago, 111. Mlas Sophronlsba Breckenridge, Chicago, 111. Mr. Clarence Darrow, Chicago, 111, Mr. Jullua Rosenwald, Chicago, 111. Mrs. Cella Parker Woolley, Chicago, 111. Mr. F. L. McGhee, St. Paul, Minn. Miss Frances Bartholomew. Philadelphia. Pa. •Dr. N, P. Mossell. Philadelphia. Pa. •Dr.	 Wm. A. Sinclair, Philadelphia, Pa. Miss Susan Wharton. Philadelphia. Pa. Mr. R. R. Wright, Jr., Philadelphia, Pa. Mr. W. Justin Carter, Harrieburg, Pa. Rev. Harvey Johnson, D.D., Baltimore, Md. Hon. Wm. S. Bennet, Washington, D. C. Mrs. Carrie W. Clifford, Washington, D. C. Mr. L, M. Hershaw, Washington, D. C. Prof. Kelly Miller, Washington, D. C. Prof. L. B. Moore, Washington. D. C. Justice W. P. Stafford, Washington, D. C. "Mrs. Mary Church Terrell, Washington. D. C. •Rev.	 J, Milton Waldron. Washington, D. C. Prest. John Hope, Atlanta, Ga. Mr. Leslie P. Hill, Manassas. Va. Mr. William Pickens, Talladega, Ala. •Executive Committee. OFFICES: Suite 311, 20 Vesey Street, New York. "HALF A MAN" The Status of the Negro in New York By MARY WHITE OVINGTON With a Foreword by Dr. Franz Boas, of Columbia University "My father has always lived in the Miss Ovington's description of the status South," a young colored man once said to of the Negro in New York City is based on me, "and has attained success there; but a most painstaking inquiry into his social when I ceased to be a boy he advised me and economic conditions, and brings out in to live in the North, where my manhood the most forceful way the difficulties under would be respected. He himself cannot which the race is laboring, even in the large continually endure his position of inferiorcosmopolitan population of New York. It ity, and in the summer he comes North to is a refutation of the claims that the Negro be a man. No," correcting himself, "to has equal opportunity with the whites, and be HALF A MAN. A Negro is wholly a that his failure to advance more rapidly man only in Europe."—Fro m the Author's than he has, is due to innate inability.— "Introduction." From Dr. Boas' "Foreword." 12mo, cloth. Price $1.00 net. By mail, $1.12. LONGMANS, GREEN &amp; CO., Publishers, NEW YORK The above book may be purchased through any bookseller or will be mailed by TH E CRISIS on receipt of the price and postage. THE DIFFERENCE Between " GOOD ENOUGH" and the " BEST" is the difference between ordinary print-shop work and ours. Our facilities and long years of experience give our work that INDIVIDUALITY which you appreciate in your printed things. We refer you to Mr. Conde Nast of Vogue and Dr. W. E. B. Du Bois of T HE CRISIS. By the way, we print T HE CRISIS. D O you like it? If so, let us make an estimate on your work. ROBER T N . WOO D202 East99thSt., NewYorkPhone Lenox Mention TH E CRISIS.