The Egoist , made Published the 1st and 15th of each month. The Egoist AN INDIVIDUALIST REVIEW. Formerly the NEW FREEWOMAN. No. 24.—Vol. I. TUESDAY, DECEMBER 15th, 1914. Sixpence. Editor: HARRIET SHAW WEAVER. Assistant Editor : RICHARD ALDINGTON. Contributing Editor: DORA MARSDEN, B.A. CONTENTS. goodwill towards men. By Dora Marsden ......... Views and Comments ...... Childhood. By Richard Aldington. Chinese Egoism. By William Loftus Hare The Words of Ming Mao "Least among the disciples of Kung-Fu-Tse." By M. M. ... Serial Story : A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man. By James Joyce ... War Poems and others. By Richard Aldington ...... Fighting Paris. By Madame Ciolkowska Art and Drama. By Huntly Carter Love's Eucharist. By Reginald Wright Kauffman... Correspondence ......... GOODWILL TOWARDS MEN. By Dora Marsden. IT seems almost heartless to make Christmas the excuse for a dissection of the nature of Goodwill. All of us, in the main, will be satisfied to allow that Christmas goodwill is comprehensively covered by tips to the dust-man and the butcher's boy, the giving of small oddments to all those from whom one is in danger of receiving such, or as acknowledgment of unrequited favours previously shown. However time is too far spent to allow compunction to have effect, or to allow the editor to interfere. So let goodwill again go under the microscope : the "good" section first. There is really nothing very baffling in the signification of the "good" in spite of the fact that the nature of Goodness has become wrapped round in mystery, and has been the subject of seemingly endless disputes. It is odd therefore that Nietzsche, a psychologist by genius but philologist by profession, should have been at pains to apply his philology only in relation to the word "good" while failing to apply it in the score and one cases where philological enquiry would have saved his philosophy from a quagmire of confusion and contradiction. For the word "good" and its equivalents belong to what may usefully be called a primary ejaculatory class of words as distinguished from a secondary class, which would come under the heading of inferential. The characteristic of the primary class, and that which makes it the simplest to designate, and which makes philological enquiry in regard to their genesis unnecessary, though interesting, is that the frame of mind of which they are the spontaneous expression, is always in close temporal connection with the words which express it. They carry their origins with them : the water can be drawn at the spring. It is quite otherwise with the inferential class of words which represent a species of verdict passed as the deferred results of a long claim of inferences and judgments. Compare, for instance, the two types as exemplified in "good" and "moral" respectively. The ejaculation " good " as an involuntary comment on a labour or an event, offers a concrete tally, for the observant eye, in the state of feeling which has given rise to it and accompanies it. There is no need to seek the nature of the thing in the derivation of the word, because the thing itself is there to be examined and weighed up. Thus the actual form of the expression loses, under such circumstances, much of its importance. A slap on the leg or a triumphant whistle would express the thing—the condition of mind—just as well as, if more vulgarly than, the term "good" itself. All three, however, are at one in expressing the thing : they all mean "satisfactory," which is the meaning of "good" and its equivalents in their primary sense, for all times and for all peoples. It means " This thing has gone well : gone as I wished it : it is satisfactory : satisfactory to me : satisfactory from my point of view," a meaning which adapts itself to such universal uses as completely to set aside Nietzsche's plea that "good" originated as a descriptive label of the "noble." "Good" originated in the condition of the mind of any individual of any rank, when that individual was pleased with a result —no matter how momentarily—or a turn of affairs —his or others—which suited his own personal desires. It is quite a different affair with the word "moral," which is inferential and anything but ejaculatory. No truthful observer could conceive himself spontaneously ejaculating the comment "Moral." * * * * It is plain that the acceptance of the meaning of "good" as the "satisfactory" as regards a given end, has not been allowed to remain in sole posession of the verbal field. Had it been, the entire structure of Religion, Morals, Public Opinion, and Eonour, would have been to seek, since these rest not on the "good " which is the "useful," but upon 450 THE EGOIST December 15, 1914 something which is called "the Good"—a something pre-eminent among all other "goods," and whose satisfaction is claimed to take precedence before all others and even to these other's detriment. The origin of the "Supreme Good" must be regarded as a sequel to the trial of strength of individual powers to obtain individual satisfactions. It was the genesis of this "Supreme Good" which Nietzsche confused with the mere " good " and for which he sought the clue in philology. Actually this clue must be sought in psychology proper. "The Good," as the "Supreme Good" comes simply to be called, means in a sentient world only one thing (and in a non-sentient world there can be no good at all, since there being no needs to satisfy, satisfaction of them is impossible, i.e., "good" is meaningless): that one sentient unit comes to appear in the eyes of the others as the supremely well satisfied : such a one as appears able to compel all things to go as he desires, and this in a degree possible to no other. In his power to enforce his own satisfactions he is without equal: his power is supreme, and his "good" which is his power's corollary is supreme to match. The possession of the "Supreme Good" simply means the possession of a Supreme Power: power being that which can effect the ends desired. The Most-Powerful having come to be recognised as "The Good," becomes naturally the "Authority": temporal and spiritual. The "Supreme Good" becomes the "God": God being He who has power to do as He pleases. Thus it is not so much that God is Good as that "The Good" is God: the essential character common in both being—Great Power. It is the trick of conceptual speech which enables "The Good" to be depersonalised: that is, makes it appear to be detached from the individual on account of whose power it originally took its name. When it is personalised again it appears as the "God," under which form its original character, i.e., the satisfaction of the strongest, is sufficiently disguised. . . . How a power which was not "good" for me becomes a "God" for me: how by calling a great alien " good " the "Supreme Good," hocus-pocus succeeds in hoodwinking those whose "good" is ignored or over-ridden by this Supreme One, is interesting matter for psychology. The element which goes farthest to explain it is undoubtedly the impressiveness of the workings of a great power itself. Evidence of the possession of great power calls forth the involuntary admiration of those who possess it from those who are merely witnesses of it, and among these witnesses there is born a recognition of their own inferiority at sight of it. Even if the spectacle of great power itself does not make this inferiority obvious, its natural effects in the normal course of things will. It is, therefore, exceedingly easy to make the feebler believe that the more powerful have not merely the power to rule them, but have something which they conceive to be very different—a right to. Accordingly, from being well able to satisfy themselves, the "Great" are enabled to persuade others that it is their "Duty" to keep them thus well satisfied: to concede that they not merely have to serve them, but that they ought to: that they should submit to a Duty as distinguished from and over-and-above Necessity. As far as the less powerful are concerned the recognising of this Duty leads to a substitution of "good conduct" of the primary sort by a species of "good conduct" of a secondary type : conduct which is assessed according as it satisfies not so much the actor as the adviser and admonisher : the Authority. Authority, that is the Powerful in their relation to the feebler, has now obtained the support of an Arm of Persuasion to back up the efforts of their original claim to command authoritatively—by weight of the Arm of Compulsion. Much now will render its account to Honour which otherwise would have had to square itself with the "mailed fist." Public Opinion—the instrument of Honour—is thus bound up with the acceptance of " The Good " : the assumption that interests exist which it is more imperative should be served than one's own. * * * * It is scarcely possible to dwell too long on this vastly successful trick worked by according to "The Good" an absolute significance. The acceptance of the latter leaves the simple completely at the mercy of Authority as far as words are concerned. As long as it fails to be recognised that the "good" is an ellipsis of which it is the most pertinent feature which is left unbespoken, so long will Reason be able to argue the "rightful" subversion of lesser men's "goods" to the requirements of the more powerful. Reason is merely a calculation: the nature of the calculation depending entirely on the content of the assumptions it is permitted to take as granted. As far as the case of "The Good" is concerned, the assumption is that the satisfaction of the powerful is a more important concern for the less powerful than their own. Let it be reiterated what "The Good" originally is: the satisfaction of the most powerful. Naturally the more absolute becomes the power the more absolutely does it become the "Good," resulting in fact directly in the "God." The arrogation of Godship by the great emperors of antiquity is quite in keeping with the logic of the situation : in spite of its strong effect on "common sense" risibility. The God and the "Good" are discreet variants of the one thing: power recognised as Authority, whose satisfactions it is "The People's" Duty to subserve. The Gods under the pseudonym of the Authorities forcibly compel the feebler whose imaginations have been seized and auditory sense has been confused. Under their other pseudonym of the "Good" they seduce the hearts of these "subjected" and take the heart out of rebellion. The age-long seduction of The People is Honour. * * * * Honour—Repute is the first defence of Rulers. It would be a pity to let a mistaken estimate of snobbery interfere with the accurate assessment of the weight of Society's opinion (Society with a capital S that is). Society is the concourse of satellites which shine round about a throne, and the throne is the earthly symbol of the God. The throne is the terrestrial fountain-head of "The Good" ; of its smile are born Good Repute, Good Opinion and Honour, and of its frown, the Disreputable. Because these satisfy and fail to satisfy the Most Great. An exceedingly thin and superficial layer of "democratic" opinion experiments with the pretence that this is not so and inveighs against "snobbery." Democratic thinking is an affair too slender to grasp that Opinion is a veritable ocean of which what it conceives as Opinion is but a faint surface ripple. Of the existence of the almost unfathomable deeps of Opinion's waters, democratic thinking has been too frivolous a thing to be aware. And it is Society which has created the deeps of Opinion, It can so afford to be very indulgent regarding surface ripples, and can even join in democracy's soft impeachment of Snobbery. Society—those who move in the bright circle of a throne, and who are intimately concerned to retain its beneficent esteem, has created Opinion. It has provided the professional classes : the classes which, as their description implies, are responsible for the speaking forth of judgments on things. After having provided the directing forces of the Compulsory-Arm : the armed forces of the throne, in which actions speak even louder than words, it supplies the mouthpieces of the Persuasive-Arm: of the institutions which provide the word-pieces of civilisation and culture: The Law and the Church. These are the institutions whose intent is to preserve in their integrity the full claims of "The Good." That democratic word-twisting has tended to combat the influence of the Church by ousting the Gods in favour of Morals, in no way implies that any real inroad has been made upon the ancient standards of opinion created by the Church. Names have changed: the intention has remained, intact and undiscovered. To favour Morals rather than Religion is merely to have a penchant for an additional vowel: for the "Good" (the powerful) rather than "The God" (the powerful): a one Authority labelled twice, with equal intent in either case to addle the instinct for the " good " in its primary sense when still unpolluted by clever sophistication. Of both, t)eeember 15, 1914 THE EGOIST 451 Honour and Dishonour are alike the instruments. Public Opinion, with its " well done " and its "ill-done," guards both : and the Ruling Classes are the founts of all these forms of opinion: honour, dishonour, and all the shades which fall between. Such conduct as makes for Order and the Maintenance of Power they label as "good" : such being " good " for them. For the subjected, the word-addled, it is "good" for "The Good": a Duty therefore. The Persuasive-Arm has done its work : with superlative skill, craft and guile the professional classes have done the business and sunk the well of Opinion very deep: so deep that they have deluded "The People," not excluding themselves, as to its sources and resources. The enormously wide growth of modern democracy is, in fact, the most flattering testimony which could unconsciously be paid to the egoistic ability of these professional classes. It exhibits such an unsuspicious eagerness on the part of the deluded. They even resent any hint that they may be trusting too much to the high polish induced upon Society's boss-words. They would prefer to remove every trace which could suggest aught other than that such were brought down by an Archangel on a flaming plate from Heaven ! The fascination which the big spectacle exercises over us all to the point that we acquiesce in calling the very great power of someone else the "highest good" of ourselves has proved a fatal seduction for philosophers themselves. Even those philosophers who had the instinct to assess the "good" as simply the useful have been content to ignore the obvious ellipsis : the fact that the useful is equally with the " good " meaningless until it is attached, particularised, and so limited. Good for what? Useful for what? In order to be able to fill in the bill to the satisfaction of their taste for the "big," they have handed the "useful" itself over to the region of the Absolute, there to keep company with the similarly earth-banished "good." The "good" becomes the "useful" to the end that it furnishes "the greatest happiness of the greatest number," and these utilitarians are forthwith driven to create a new big God to square with the big new scheme, and conduct becomes "good," which serves this new "Big God" which they now call Humanity. Conduct is "good" which is "good" for Humanity. Thus derailed do the psychological labours of the utilitarians become which, had they been spared from this devastating fascination of "bigness," might have penetrated far, and the "good" which by definition as the "useful" was well in the way of being brought from Heaven back to Earth, escapes again into the thin air of the mere verbal : the conceptual. The despising of the limited and the particularised, the fatuous worship of "unlimited bigness" which, being translated, is the Absolute, is the pons asinorum of the philosophers: few ever pass beyond it. However, since an unparticularised "good" is inconceivable and boggles the imagination, the mind inevitably snatches at the likeliest prop which presents itself. The " good " must be "good" for something, and this something, being unnamed, the gap is filled in to suit a childlike imagination by the figure of "The Great," and the panting mind rests comfortably with its riddle solved. Conduct must be "good" for the greatest: thus do the greatest and the good become inextricably intertwined. As conversely with the meanest, are intertwined "the bad," the "ill" and the "evil." These terms, used in an accurate, particularised sense, have the opposite significance of the "good" and the "useful." They mean "unsatisfactory for whatever end may be in question." There is no difference between the "bad" and the "evil" (notwithstanding Nietzsche's opinion to the contrary), save this: that whereas "good" serves to express in a particularised relation not only the genuine useful meaning of "satisfactory," but also the faked conceptual "Absolute" of "The Good": the two functions have been more or less differentiated as "bad," meaning " unsatisfactory " ; and "Evil," conceived as an Absolute with meaning expressing the antithesis to "The Good." Even so the terms "bad," "ill" and "evil" interchange with each other and overlap: they have no fundamental differences. It is strange that out of the long succession of Word-lovers—Philosophers that is—practically all of them have loved words for their powers as instruments of deception. It has been the age-long ideal of Philosophy to wield the big-sounding phrase and play the vulgar magician before the populace. Philosophers have sought to be "constructive": unconsciously to be contrivers of snares for the simple. And still they came, these Word-lovers—whose love is one half reserve: Transvaluers of Values who contrive to avoid the obvious import of "values" as they already exist. It is nothing so highfalutin as the Transvaluation of Values of which philosophy stands in need, but such an apprehension of the character of motives as would lead to assessment of specific and existing values. Every additional high-sounding phrase is a hindrance; every new fakir's trick with the old verbal jugglements a thicker screen between men and men's knowledge of men. As long as the half-hypnotism of words holds dominion, Instinct—the feel towards increased life— must go covered, shamefaced, confused and tongue-tied ; in comparison with Reason—dumb ; Reason a mere calculation which, having been granted in "The Good" an insupportable assumption, has galloped off in easy triumph with all the well-sounding words. The deliverance of instincts from shame must wait for a race (a handful will serve) of philosophers who can love words all in all—love them well enough to be able to bear up against and revel in the complete revelation of their whole nature. When men understand the overwhelming significance of the fact that "In the beginning—of civilisation—was The Word," they will for the first time realise what constitutes the cementing element in the history of "subjects" and "subjected instincts." Until then we shall have with us the pastors and masters to tell us of that Duty which we owe to "The Good." * * * * "God" and the "Good" being such, it will make a pretty Christmas puzzle to put "Peace on Earth and Goodwill towards men" in their suitable niches. All the more, since, the "good" part in goodwill being unparticularised, one may go as one pleases in regard to it. Thus we may apply the Golden Rule enjoining us to do good to men according to our views of good: "as we would have that they should do unto us;" or again, according to the recipient's view of "good": "as they would have that we should do unto them ;" or yet again, according to God's view, after the stereotyped forms advised by Authority. To act after the first manner is to make one's taste in " goods " the standard of " good " among one's clientele: a process which has made it necessary to match the Golden Rule as addressed to the "Doers of Good" with one enjoining an etiquette for recipients about "never looking gift-horses in the mouth." The patent evidence of distaste indicated among recipients to this species of "goodwill" has led those more zealously determined upon "doing good" to do it after the second fashion: "as they would you should do it unto them." To search out men's wants, to satisfy their needs from their point of view, is by no means an uncommon form of applied goodwill. In fact, it is just this determined type of well-doer who are the people's "Saints": the genuine men-pleasers. Unfortunately, their career in any very efficacious degree, is necessarily shortlived; its inevitable end being bankruptcy. Most men indeed find that one such client—for instance, a wife and family—will make one feel how easy it is to arrive at the rock-bottom of one's resources; but to espouse the "needs of the world" in bulk can of necessity have but one termination: bankruptcy. Doubtless, the notion behind the pretence of the Church to take Poverty as a Bride, was just to 452 THE EGOIST December 15, 1914 anticipate the fleecing process involved in loving men more than themselves. * * * * It is curious, however, how reluctant men have been to give whole-hearted praise to this type of well-doer, in spite of the obvious advantages in the existence of a species of being who is prepared to regard other's needs as his very own. The explanation probably is that that which men most desire cannot be satisfied at second-hand. Love, power, friends, can be satisfyingly won only by the efforts of the desirers themselves. The activity of well-doers is thus limited to a bestowing of tenth-rate satisfactions: obligations in respect of "goods" which are too trifling in value to be worth it. One must be beneath a certain status in order to know oneself the object of "goodwill" without taking offence thereat. One feels its proper sphere to be with the "poor poor." Moreover, common sense is alive to the fact that one who finds his highest vocation in "doing good" cannot have any very strong interests of his own : the interests of others have become his makeshift. The slumming fraternity is made up of those who have more time than interests: nothing in themselves has been strong enough to preoccupy their activities, and gadding after others has been an inevitable sequel. And this truth holds good: love and respect are commanded by the character of the person, not by the "useful" works that he performs. The person who is interested in his own affairs, follows his own bent, is the person who commands respect and even affection rather than the one who "gives his life for others." Hence, Christmas goodwill, which, being left to a voluntary and individual interpretation is inspired by a common-sense egoism, in the main comes down to a tipping of the tradesmen. Perhaps a little effort to obliterate some of such misery as lies too near us and is too obvious for our own comfort, and perhaps if one is rich and is inclined that way, an indulging in spectacular "good works," which may promise in their maturity a yield of some sort of honour or status : a title, whatnot. Men, that is, do to others as seems best to themselves: after a manner calculated to produce results most to their own satisfaction. Being in a holiday mood they please themselves. "Peace on earth, Goodwill towards men," at Christmas, means a momentary truce—an off-day in the incessant fight for the securing of the upper hand. To desire to prolong a holiday mood perpetually is like desiring to perpetuate a moratorium : a lasting desistance from pressing advantages and claims. A holiday spirit like the moratorium takes on an intelligible meaning only from the fact that it is a transitory exception. The merit of Christmas tipping, of Christmas "peace and goodwill," is that these make a momentary change from the usual procedure. Their welcomeness has nothing to do with their particular character: it is accorded them in virtue of their being a change: a break which will result in the normal procedure being resumed with an additional zest. VIEWS AND COMMENTS. THESE notes are not going to be about Mr. Bernard Shaw : in spite of the fact that the notes of last week on that gentleman were very considerably docketed because, be it confessed, being later in arrival, even than usual, they had to adapt themselves to what space was left for them. Mr. Shaw's name is merely a peg whereon to hang a brief homily. Mr. Shaw has been writing to a Northern daily paper, the "Manchester Dispatch," to protest against being called a pro-German, and he offers his critics these considerations to leave him alone. He wishes, he says, that people "Would make up their minds finally as to whether I am a negligible person or not. If I am the sensible course is to neglect me . . . If, on the other hand, I am a writer of some importance, it is clearly playing into the hands of the enemy, to announce in all directions that my pamphlet is a justification of Germany." One needs to pass no comment on the suggestion that Mr. Shaw's characterisation of the ways and doings of the Kaiser and Sir Edward Grey, is calculated to affect the course of the war : that is not the point we would pause to notice. Rather, we would point out why Mr. Shaw's name is so grateful a sound among the people, that they rally to it gladly, either for praising or blaming. It is due to the existence of a need, which is none the less urgent because it possesses no recognised status : it is the dire need of being provided with topics of conversation. Mr. Shaw thinks that his "utterances" are noted throughout the Press, because he is, or is not. a writer of importance, and thus fails to appreciate the particular satisfaction which this nation finds in him : something easy to talk about : the selfsame satisfactions as are provided by the humbler and more threadbare topic—the weather. It is not the quality which is of main account but the theme: it is sure. One may feel assured that the person with whom one exchanges comment on the weather is scarcely likely to respond with a vacant look and ask, "What is the weather?" Nor are even the simplest likely to ask "Who is Mr. Shaw?" It is not his "importance as a writer" but his " popularity " : the fact that his name is familiar with the crowd which explains why his "Bloody" epithet will be given a whole newspaper edition to itself, or why if he speaks laboriously on the rights and wrongs of the modern combatants forthwith he is flamboyantly labelled a pro-German. It is because he himself has become a " topic " : popular, a common-ground in conversation. Hence he is the salvation of all the journalists gravelled for matter. As someone said the other day in connection with these Notes, "Write something easy; write on Mr. Shaw." * * * * The safe-pull of the "known name," is a subtle little puzzle : quite worth a little attention, indeed. Really to understand it, is to understand what to the "popular" appear as the vagaries of popularity. Popularity is misunderstood ; it is taken to mean liking, affection, whereas what it really means is that the populace has chanced to become familiar with one's name and one's particularising characteristic. Nietzsche, for instance, has just become popularised, not indeed because the people have read him, but because it chances that at a time when a great war breaks out, and all our prophets and scribes are enlarging upon the wickedness of such as will dare to make war against us, someone happens to say that the enemy possesses a great philosopher, who maintains that on occasion war is a good and necessary thing. That is enough for popularity : the man is popular at once. That his popularity should carry a disparaging note in it and define itself as notorious, makes no difference: the notorious is but a particular case of the popular. Nietzsche is now popular; Bernhardi is exceedingly popular; and so is the Kaiser, so too is Mr. Shaw. The latter's gift for epigram, invective, and inversion, his familiar ease with strong-words, together with his general Mephistophelian air has made him into a popular English institution not incomparable with " Punch " He has found his way to the lips of the populace, and being there, the people pass verdict on him after their kind, and also according to their variable moods. One day they will offer him fame, because of a forcible variation of sanguinary, and a few weeks later they will give him the "bird," because he puts forward a few stale, if sensible judgments on the causes of the war, but in his own bright and shocking way. As he was not greatly averse to the former treatment, one does not expect him to be surprised or perturbed at the latter If popularity, with its questionable attentions which the objects of it alternately solicit and deplore, were December 15, 1914 THE EGOIST 453 confined to popular playwrights none could be much the worse : it is because of the fact that popularity governs the Press that we find ourselves brought face to face with an unescapable monotony. One may take up any journal whatsoever, daily, weekly, monthly, and in all the " topics "--the popular subjects—are identical, and all are "treated" in the popular spirit: all written down, that is, to the prejudices of the crowd : a state of affairs obviously the sequel to the introduction of "big business" into the Press-world. Journals which are founded expressly to cater for the crowd cannot pretend to occupy themselves with anything which the broad intelligence of the crowd cannot appreciate; so the scope of intelligence common to the crowd dictates the confines of discussion and intercourse. A wearing down of instinct and taste to the popular level inevitably follows. To appeal to the crowd one must speak of the things with which one has the certainty the populace is familiar: and the appeal must be after the populace's own manner. To be "in" with everybody one must attempt the very least possible divergence into the fresh and original. The Common Measure of all-inclusive numbers shrinks to unity and the analogy in literature to this arithmetical one is the degradation of letters. There is, to be sure, little meaning in " Exclusiveness " in general : everything depends upon what one excludes ; but it is certain that what headway is to be made in matters of intelligence must be made through the agency and interaction of more or less equal abilities of a higher order. Only after a stringent process of exclusion can the stronger intelligencies work together and be free from the drag, the heavy handicap of the less intelligent. Exclusiveness for specific purposes, that is, a division into classes for specific purposes becomes therefore imperative. Small reviews for the interchange of observations, of which the very nature, the concentration and acuteness must make them closed subjects of opinion for the populace, become the most highly significant feature of a nation's life. It is an ominious sign, in respect of a nation's intelligence, when there exist no unpopular journals of which it is convenient and advisable the "masses" should be unaware. The "masses" can always be relegated to the sequel of events; they will always continue to be found pouring forth inocculated opinion after the event with profound satisfaction and unction. And mostly every one temperamentally belongs to the masses now : all are inocculated with popularism. A Prime Minister will deliver himself to the effect that the importance of a journal is indicated by its circulation and its advertisement figures and yet will be quite ready, within the same term of office, to concur with those of his followers who maintain that the Press-man of the non-weighty species : a writer who could boast of having an audience of two before he laid down his pen, is he whose doctrines have precipitated a war. It is the one recognisable stamp of the popularised mind: to respect wisdom only after the event. To apply the illustration more closely, and to the affairs of this journal, The Egoist, and in respect of those subscribers who have hastened to withdraw their subscriptions because "Nothing matters now, save fighting men and fighting-material," as one of them puts it. They are precisely of the cast of mind which, a day before the outbreak of the war, would have said that war was a myth and war-provenders the heinous solicitors of crime ! Before now, we have protested against the stupid description of war-material as "senseless armaments" and "blind force" and pointed out that the essential characteristics which converted unadapted material into armaments were precisely Will and Sensibility : that armaments were just the potent embodiments of the spirit of intelligence. It now remains for us to state the argument conversely. Not only is there intelligence in fighting-material, but fighting-material, in its purest and most undiluted form, is intelligence. The fountain-head of fighting-material is intelligence, and such as now endeavour to compound for former blank incomprehension of the nature of fighting-material, by denying the concomitant needs and claims of intelligence, do but make the incomprehension more conspicuous. D. M. CHILDHOOD. I. The bitterness, the misery, the wretchedness of childhood Put me out of love with God. I can't believe in God's goodness; I can believe In many avenging gods. Most of all I believe In gods of bitter dullness, Cruel local gods Who seared my childhood. II. I've seen people put A chrysalis in a match-box, "To see," they told me, "What sort of moth would come." But when it broke its shell It slipped and stumbled and fell about its prison And tried to climb to the light For space to dry its wings. That's how I was. Somebody found my chrysalis And shut it in a match-box. My shrivelled wings were beaten, Shed their colours in dusty scales Before the box was opened For the moth to fly. And then it was too late, Because the beauty a child has, And the beautiful things it learns before its birth, Were shed, like moth-scales, from me. III. I hate that town ; I hate the town I lived in when I was little ; I hate to think of it. There were always clouds, smoke, rain In that dingy little valley. It rained ; it always rained. I think I never saw the sun until I was nine— And then it was too late ; Everything's too late after the first seven years. That long street we lived in Was duller than a drain And nearly as dingy. There were the big College And the pseudo-Gothic town-hall. There were the sordid provincial shops— The grocer's, and the shops for women, The shop where I bought transfers, And the piano and gramophone shop Where I used to stand Staring at the huge shiny pianos and at the pictures Of a white dog looking into a gramophone. How dull and greasy and grey and sordid it was 1 On wet days—it was always wet— I used to kneel on a chair And look at it from the window. . . The dirty yellow trams Dragged noisily along With a clatter of wheels and bells And a humming of wares overhead. They threw up the filthy rain-water from the hollow lines And then the water ran back Full of brownish foam bubbles. There was nothing else to see— It was all so dull— Except a few grey legs under shiny black umbrellas Running along the grey shiny pavements ; Sometimes there was a waggon Whose horses made a strange loud hollow sound With their hoofs Through the silent rain. 454 THE EGOIST December 15, 1914 And there was a grey museum Full of dead birds and dead insects and dead animals And a few relics of the Romans—dead also. There was the sea-front, A long asphalt walk with a bleak road beside it, Three piers, a row of houses, And a salt dirty smell from the little harbour. I was like a moth— Like one of those grey Emperor moths Which flutter through the vines at Capri. And that damned little town was my match-box, Against whose sides I beat and beat Until my wings were torn and faded, and dingy As that damned little town. IV. At school it was just as dull as that dull High Street. They taught me pothooks— I wanted to be alone, although I was so little, Alone, away from the rain, the dingyness, the dullness, Away somewhere else— The town was dull; The front was dull; The High Street and the other street were dull— And there was a public park, I remember, And that was damned dull, too, With its beds of geraniums no one was allowed to pick, And its clipped lawns you weren't allowed to walk on. And the gold-fish pond you mustn't paddle in, And the gate made out of a whale's jaw-bones, And the swings, which were for "Board-school children," And its gravel paths. And on Sundays they rang the bells, From Baptist and Evangelical and Catholic churches. They had the Salvation Army. I was taken to a High Church ; The parson's name was Mowbray, " Which is a good name but he thinks too much of it "— That's what I heard people say. I took a little black book To that cold, grey, damp, smelling church, And I had to sit on a hard bench, Wriggle off it to stand up when they sang psalms, And wriggle off it to kneel down when they prayed— And then there was nothing to do Except to play trains with the hymn-books. There was nothing to see, Nothing to do, Nothing to play with, Except that in an empty room upstairs There was a large tin box Containing reproductions of the Magna Charta, Of the Declaration of Independence And of a letter from Raleigh after the Armada. There were also several packets of stamps, Yellow and blue Guatemala parrots, Blue stags and red baboons and birds from Sarawak, Indians and Men-of-war From the United States, And the green and red portraits Of King Francobollo Of Italy. . . V. I don't believe in God. I do believe in avenging gods Who plague us for sins we never sinned But who avenge us. That's why I'll never have a child, Never shut up a chrysalis in a match-box For the moth to spoil and crush its bright colours, Beating its wings against the dingy prison-wall. Richard Aldington CHINESE EGOISM. II. CHINESE CRITICISM OF YANG-CHU'S PHILOSOPHY. (1.) By Meng-tse the Confucian. OUR knowledge of any given philosophy is often increased by the criticism to which it is subjected ; and when I remark that the fragments of Yang-chu can be read through in half an hour, all possible additional information from other sources is desirable. The brevity of the discourses of Yang recorded by his disciple Meng-sun-Yang is no indication of slightness or lack of influence in the teacher himself. On the contrary, Yang seens to have raised quite a storm in philosophical circles in China during the fourth and third centuries b.c. Indeed, Meng-tse expressly declares his own mission to be to "drive away" the doctrines of Mo-tse and Yang-chu. Having been accused of a fondness for disputing, that sage recounts the gradual decline from social order to confusion. Coming to his own day, he says:—- Once more sage kings do not arise and princes of the States give the reins to their lusts. The words of Yang-chu and Mo-tse fill the kingdom. If you listen to people you will find that if they are not adherents of Yang, they are those of Mo. Yang's principle is "Each one for himself," which leaves no place for duty to the ruler. Mo's principle is "to love all equally," which leaves no place for special affection due to a father. ... If the principles of Yang and Mo are not stopped and the principles of Kung-fu-tse are not ,set forth, then those perverse speakings will delude the peoples, and stop up the path of benevolence and righteousness; the beasts will be led on to devour men and men will devour one another. I am alarmed by these things, and address myself to the defence of the principles of former sages. I oppose Yang and Mo, and drive away their licentious expressions, so that perverse speakers may not be able to show themselves.—(The Works of Meng-tse, III., II., ix. 9-10.) These father-deniers and king-deniers would have been smitten by the duke of Chow. I also wish to rectify men's hearts, and to put an end to those perverse speakings, to oppose their one-sided actions, and banish away their licentious expressions, and carry on the work of the sages. Do I do so because I am fond of disputing? I am constrained to do it. Whoever can by argument oppose Yang and Mo is a disciple of the sages.—(12-14.) It is complimentary to Yang's power that Meng-tse has thus to speak. Another passage brings us to the end of Meng's specific criticisms. Though by plucking out one hair Yang-chu might have benefited all under heaven, he would not have done it. Mo-tse loves all equally. If by rubbing bare his body from crown to the heel, he could have benefited all under heaven, he would have done it. Tse-moh holds a medium between these, and he is nearer right. But without leaving room for the exigency of the circumstances it becomes like their holding to their one point. What I dislike in that holding one point is the injury it does to the way of right principle. It takes up one point and disregards a hundred others.—(VIL, I., xxvi. 1-4.) We are put into possession of the principle of Meng-tse's opposition to these extreme doctrines by a passage that elucidates the above and has an interest of its own. K'wan said: "It is the rule that males and females shall not allow their hands to touch in giving or receiving anything. ... If a man's sister-in-law be drowning shall he not rescue her by the hand?" Meng said: "He who would not rescue her would be a wolf ; for males and females not to allow their hands to touch is the general rule; to rescue by the December 15, 1914 THE EGOIST 455 hand a drowning sister-in-law is a peculiar exigency." K'wan said: "Now, the whole kingdom is drowning and how is it that you, Master, will not rescue it?" Meng replied: "A drowning kingdom must be rescued by right principles, as a drowning sister-in-law has to be rescued by the hand. Do you, Sir, wish me to rescue the kingdom with my hand?" — (IV., I., 1-3.) From these passages we may judge that Meng's philosophy sought to establish an ethic on what he called "right principles," but that these were not, in his conception, crystallized into arbitrary rules. (2.) By Chwang-tse the Taoist. By the third century b.c. the rupture between Confucian orthodoxy and Taoism had become complete, and the philosophical world was witnessing a most brilliant battle of wit. Chwang-tse defends his ancient master, Lao-tse, with extraordinary power, and ridicules, refutes, and converts Kung-fu-tse again and again. Inter alia, he criticises both Mo-tse and Yang-chu. He says:— If the mouths of Yang and Mo were gagged and benevolence and righteousness thrown aside the virtue of all men would begin to display its mysterious excellence.—(S.B.E. Vol. 39, p.287.) And now Yang and Mo begin to stretch forward from their different standpoints, each thinking that he has hit on the proper course for men. . . . What they have hit on only leads to distress—Can they have hit on the right thing 1 If they have, we may say that the dove in a cage has found the right thing for it!—(p. 329.) (3.) By Seun K'ing. Although Yang-chu is not mentioned by name in the writings of Seun K'ing his doctrines are. This philosopher is chiefly concerned to deny that human nature is good, as asserted by the orthodox Confucians ; incidentally he sets forth what will be the consequences of a life according to impulse and the necessity of its over-ruling, even by the artificial control of "propriety and righteousness." But this control is not necessarily invalid on account of its being artificial. The triumph of Art over Nature is what Seun K'ing advocates. The nature of man is evil. There belongs to it even at his birth the love of gain, and as actions are in accordance with this, contentions and robberies grow up, and self-denial and yielding to others are not to be found ; there belong to it envy and dislike, and as actions are in accordance with these, violence and injuries spring up, and self-devotedness and faith are not to be found ; there belong to it the desires of the ears and the eyes, leading to love of sounds and beauty, and as actions are in accordance with these, lewdlness and disorder spring up, and righteousness and propriety, with their various orderly displays, are not to be found. It thus appears that the following of man's nature and yielding obedience to its feelings will assuredly conduct to contentions and robberies, to the violation of the duties belonging to everyone's lot, and the confounding of all distinctions till the issue will be in a state of savagism. . . . Now the man who is transformed by teachers and laws, gathers on himself the ornament of learning, and proceeds in the path of propriety and righteousness, is a superior man ; and he who gives the reins to his nature and its feelings, indulges its resentments, and walks the contrary to propriety and righteousness is a mean man. Looking at the subject in this way we see clearly that the nature of man is evil ; the good which it shows is fictitious.—(Legge, The Chinese Classics, Vol. II.) (4.) Synthesis of Chinese Criticism. The Chinese criticism of Yang-chu does not amount to much, nor does it materially add to our knowledge of the philosophy ; I will examine it however. Meng-tse complains that Yang is an egoist—" each for himself"— and a king-denier, "the state of a beast"; that his teaching is sensuous, licentious, will delude the people, destroy benevolence and righteousness ; that it is hurtful to the conduct of business and to government. All this is true from Meng's point of view; the tradition he accepts makes obedience to elders and rulers the very essence of morality, the naïve assumption being that rulers are wise, though Meng knows quite well this is not always so. As to its sensuality and opposition to "propriety and righteousness," this is admitted by Yang himself. Nowhere in the extant fragments of Yang does the formula "each for himself" appear. His egoism does not seem to equate with selfishness; its chief mark is the resistance to external control, and consequently, one would assume, the denial to oneself of the right of controlling others. This, with the explicit statement that rulers are not needed where life is "regulated by internals," constitutes him a king-denier. Meng further declares that Yang's egoism is a fixed method which denies the more fluid "right principle" which he himself proposes. If this were so I should be inclined to support him ; but it must be admitted that Yang's "regulation by internals," though a fixed principle, does not involve always the same kind of action, as has been seen. In practice, surely, for everyone to act as his impulses lead him, does not mean that everyone will act alike, or that one person will always act in the same way, though it may lead to the most extraordinary confusion in spite of Yang's dicta to the contrary. It amounts precisely to Meng's own "right principle" of acting according to the exigencies of the moment. In a word, the man who rescues his drowning sister-in-law by the principle of Meng will be doing so because he wishes to, that is, because his impulses drive him, by the principle of "regulation by internals." The difference is mostly a matter of words so far as the formulae are concerned. Lieh-tse, a later Taoist, reports, but does not comment upon, several anecdotes in the life of Yang ; these do but confirm the impression that this philosopher was always very close to Taoism. The moral of one story is that "the superior man is very cautious about doing good"; and of the other, that from the same indisputable phenomena of life divergent philosophies may be drawn, due to the difference in personal temperament. This is a point that has already been noted and shall receive further consideration. Chwang merely asserts that Yang's doctrines stand in the way of natural virtue, but without proving it. He has of course the Tao in mind. I see no appropriateness in his comparison of Yang to "a dove in a cage." "À parrot on the top of the cage" would better describe him ! Seun is much more to the point. His criticism, which extends to considerable length, analyses the elements of man's nature and points to the germs of avarice, envy, antipathy and desire. His formula is: "as actions are in accordance with these," contention, robbery, violence, injury, lewdness and disorder spring up. Can Yang deny it? Nay, his very heroes exemplify it (Tuan, Chow, and Mu), though possibly he himself lived decently. Seun's next point then is to prove, not that moral control is natural, but, on the contrary, unnatural and artificial, the invention of sages, out of necessity, to save mankind from savagery. By the conquest of the natural by the artificial man becomes the "Superior Man." Turning upon Seun, however, and granting him his point so far, we may well ask him : How do you know that the organisation of propriety and righteousness is artificial? May it not also proceed from profound elements in man's nature which you have not noticed? If so, Man's nature is neither wholly bad as you assert, nor wholly good as Meng asserts, but is a nature capable of yielding, as it develops, either good or bad impulses, actions, and social order. Given the alternative, the sage, by an effort of the will, chooses the one and rejects the other ; he then 456 THE EGOIST December 15, 1914 seeks to stimulate in men the power of will to self-control, and according to his measure of success, constructs a social order appropriate to the dominant spiritual impulses he is seeking to organise. The fact that he often fails, as Yang truly said, does not vitiate the soundness of his effort. Let him try again ! I hope to conclude the present study of Yang-chu by a criticism from a modern point of view. This will appear in the next number. William Loftus Hare. THE WORDS OF MING MAO "LEAST AMONG THE DISCIPLES OF KUNG-FU-TSE.* Mr. Loftus Hare's article on Yang-Chu, in the last issue of The Egoist, is most interesting, but let me add here Ming-Mao's reply to Yang Chu, especially to the remarks on Confucius, as follows:— Yang-Chu says that Kung-fu-tse had never a day's joy in all his life, yet we read that the Master Kung was once rapt into three days' revery, or as the Taoists say, ecstasy by the mere sound of certain beautiful music. To say that a man so capable of aesthetic pleasure has never a day's joy, is manifest folly. As for Yang and his relation to Egoism, it was Kung who gave true instruction, seeing that he taught that a man's joy should rest in the dignity of his own mind and not in the shilly-shally of circumstance. Thus he died serene though it were among fishermen. As for Ch'ieh and Chow, their pleasures depended on their having been born to imperial position, their luxury was bestowed upon them, how shall hereditary emperors who are born with such opportunity for revels be set up as examples for men of common fortune, who, even if they had the capacity for debauch, would, if they desired to exercise it, spend all their lives in a vain desire for trappings and for numerous women in brocade, and for pavilions and caparisoned horses ? The counsels of Yang-Chu are in no sense Egoism, since they teach a man to depend on all things save himself. This dependence on self is the core of Confucian philosophy. M. M. A PORTRAIT OF THE ARTIST AS A YOUNG MAN. By James Joyce. CHAPTER IV. (continued.) THE director stood in the embrasure of the window, his back to the light, leaning an elbow on the brown crossblind, and as he spoke and smiled, slowly dangling and looping the cord of the other blind, Stephen stood before him, following for a moment with his eyes the waning of the long summer daylight above the roofs or the slow deft movements of the priestly fingers. The priest's face was in total shadow, but the waning daylight from behind him touched the deeply grooved temples and the curves of the skull. Stephen followed also with his ears the accents and intervals of the priest's voice as he spoke gravely and cordially of indifferent themes, the vacation which had just ended, the colleges of the order abroad, the transference of masters. The grave and cordial voice went on easily with its tale, and in the pauses Stephen felt bound to set it on again with respectful questions. He knew that the tale was a prelude and his mind waited for the sequel. Ever since the message of summons had come for him from the director his mind had struggled to find the meaning of the message ; and during the long, restless time he had sat in the college parlour waiting for the director to come in, his eyes had wandered from one sober picture to another around the walls, and his mind wandered from one guess to another until the meaning of the summons had almost become clear. Then, just as he was wishing that some unforeseen cause might prevent the director from coming, he had heard the handle of the door turning and the swish of a soutane. The director had begun to speak of the Dominican and Franciscan orders, and of the friendship between Saint Thomas and Saint Bonaventure. The Capuchin dress, he thought, was rather too .... Stephen's face gave back the priest's indulgent smile and, not being anxious to give an opinion, he made a slight dubitative movement with his lips. —I believe,—continued the director,—that there is some talk now among the Capuchins themselves of doing away with it and following the example of the other Franciscans.— —I suppose they would retain it in the cloisters ?—said Stephen. —O, certainly,—said the director.—For the cloister it is all right, but for the street I really think it would be better to do away with, don't you?— —It must be troublesome, I imagine?— —Of course it is, of course. Just imagine when I was in Belgium I used to see them out cycling in all kinds of weather with this thing up about their knees ! It was really ridiculous. Les jupes, they call them in Belgium.— The vowel was so modified as to be indistinct. —What do they call them?— —Les jupes.— —O!— Stephen smiled again in answer to the smile which he could not see on the priest's shadowed face, its image a spectre only passing rapidly across his mind as the low, discreet accent fell upon his ear. He gazed calmly before him at the waning sky, glad of the cool of the evening and the faint yellow glow which hid the tiny flame kindling upon his cheek. The names of articles of dress worn by women or of certain soft and delicate stuffs used in their making brought always to his mind a delicate and sinful perfume. As a boy he had imagined the reins by which horses are driven as slender silken bands, and it shocked him to feel at Stradbrooke the greasy leather of harness. It had shocked him, too, when he had felt for the first time beneath his tremulous fingers the brittle texture of a woman's stocking, for, retaining nothing of all he read, save that which seemed to him an echo or a prophecy of his own state, it was only amid soft-worded phrases or within rose-soft stuffs that he dared to conceive of the soul or body of a woman moving with tender life. But the phrase on the priest's lips was disingenuous, for he knew that a priest should not speak lightly on that theme. The phrase had been spoken lightly with design, and he felt that his face was being searched by the eyes in the shadow. Whatever he had heard or read of the craft of Jesuits he had put aside frankly as not borne out by his own experience. His masters, even when they had not attracted him, had seemed to him always intelligent and serious priests, athletic and high-spirited prefects. He thought of them as men who washed their bodies briskly with cold water and wore clean cold linen. During all the years he had lived among them in Clongowes and in Belvedere he had received only two pandies and, though these had been dealt him in the wrong, he knew that he had often escaped punishment. During all those years he had never heard from any of his masters a flippant word: it was they who had taught him Christian doctrine and urged him to live a good life and, when he had fallen into grievous sin, it was they who had led him back to grace. Their presence had made him diffident of himself when he was a muff in Clongowes, and it had made him diffident of himself also while he had held his equivocal position in Belvedere. A constant sense of this had remained with him up to the last year of his school life. He had never once disobeyed or allowed turbulent companions to seduce him from his habit of quiet obedience: and, even when he doubted some statement of a master, he had never presumed to doubt openly. Lately some of their judgments had sounded a little childish in his ears and had made him feel a regret and pity as though he were slowly passing out of an accustomed world and were hearing its language for the last time. One day, December 15, 1914 THE EGOIST 457 when some boys had gathered round a priest under the shed near the chapel, he heard the priest say: — I believe that Lord Macaulay was a man who probably never committed a mortal sin in his life, that is to say, a deliberate mortal sin.— Some of the boys had then asked the priest if Victor Hugo were not the greatest French writer. The priest had answered that Victor Hugo had never written half so well when he had turned against the Church as he wrote when he was a Catholic. —But there are many eminent French critics,—said the priest,— who consider that even Victor Hugo, great as he certainly was, had not so pure a French style as Louis Veuillot,— The tiny flame which the priest's allusion had kindled upon Stephen's cheek had sunk down again and his eyes were still fixed calmly on the colourless sky. But an unresting doubt flew hither and thither before his mind. Masked memories passed quickly before him : he recognised scenes and persons yet he was conscious that he had failed to perceive seme vital circumstance in them. He saw himself walking about the grounds watching the sports in Clongowes and eating chocolate out of his cricket-cap. Some Jesuits were walking round the cycle-track in the company of ladies. The echoes of certain expressions used in Clongowes sounded in remote caves of his mind. His ears were listening to these distant echoes amid the silence of the parlour when he became aware that the priest was addressing him in a different voice. —I sent for you to-day, Stephen, because I wished to speak to you on a very important subject.— —Yes, sir.— —Have you ever felt that you had a vocation?— Stephen parted his lips to answer yes and then withheld the word suddenly. The priest waited for the answer and added: —I mean have you ever felt within yourself, in your soul, a desire to join the order. Think.— —I have sometimes thought of it,— said Stephen. The priest let the blind-cord fall to one side and, uniting his hands, leaned his chin gravely upon them, communing with himself. —In a college like this,— he said at length,—there is one boy or perhaps two or three boys whom God calls to the religious life. Such a boy is marked off from his companions by his piety, by the good example he shows to others. He is looked up to by them; he is chosen perhaps as prefect by his fellow sodalists. And you, Stephen, have been such a boy in this college, prefect of Our Blessed Lady's sodality. Perhaps you are the boy in this college whom God designs to call to Himself.— A strong note of pride reinforcing the gravity of the priest's voice made Stephen's heart quicken in response. —To receive that call, Stephen,— said the priest, —is the greatest honour that the Almighty God can bestow upon a man. No king or emperor on this earth has the power of the priest of God. No angel or archangel in heaven, no saint, not even the Blessed Virgin herself has the power of a priest of God : the power of the keys, the power to bind and to loose from sin, the power of exorcism, the power to cast out from the creatures of God the evil spirits that have power over them, the power, the authority, to make the great God of Heaven come down upon the altar and take the form of bread and wine. What an awful power, Stephen!— A flame began to flutter again on Stephen's cheek as he heard in this proud address an echo of his own proud musings. How often had he seen himself as a priest wielding calmly and humbly the awful power of which angels and saints stood in reverence ! His soul had loved to muse in secret on this desire. He had seen himself, a young and silent-mannered priest, entering a confessional swiftly, ascending the altar-steps, incensing, genuflecting, accomplishing the vague acts of the priesthood which pleased him by reason of their semblance of reality and of their distance from it. In that dim life which he had lived through in his musings he had assumed the voices and gestures which he had noted with various priests. He had bent his knee sideways like such a one, he had shaken the thurible only slightly like such a one, his chasuble had swung open like that of such another as he turned to the altar again after having blessed the people. And above all, it had pleased him to fill the second place in those dim scenes of his imagining. He shrank from the dignity of celebrant because it displeased him to imagine that all the vague pomp should end in his own person or that the ritual should assign to him so clear and final an office. He longed for the minor sacred offices, to be vested with the tunicle of sub-deacon at high mass, to stand aloof from the altar, forgotten by the people, his shoulders covered with a humeral veil, holding the paten within its folds; or, when the sacrifice had been accomplished, to stand as deacon in a dalmatic of cloth of gold on the step below the celebrant, his hands joined and his face towards the people, and sing the chant, Ite missa est. If ever he had seen himself celebrant it was as in the pictures of the mass in his child's massbook, in a church without worshippers, save for the angel of the sacrifice, at a bare altar and served by an acolyte scarcely more boyish than himself. In vague sacrificial or sacramental acts alone his will seemed drawn to go forth to encounter reality : and it was partly the absence of an appointed rite which had always constrained him to inaction whether he had allowed silence to cover his anger or pride, or had suffered only an embrace he longed to give. He listened in reverent silence now to the Priest's appeal and through the words he heard even more distinctly a voice bidding him approach, offering him secret knowledge and secret power. He would know then what was the sin of Simon Magnus and what the sin against the Holy Ghost for which there was no forgiveness. He would know obscure things, hidden from others, from those who were conceived and born children of wrath. He would know the sins, the sinful longings and sinful thoughts and sinful acts, of others, hearing them murmured into his ears in the confessional under the shame of a darkened chapel by the lips of women and of girls: but rendered immune mysteriously at his ordination by the imposition of hands his soul would pass again uncontaminated to the white peace of the altar. No touch of sin would linger upon the hands with which he would elevate and break the host ; no touch of sin would linger on his lips in prayer to make him eat and drink damnation to himself not discerning the body of the Lord. He would hold his secret knowledge and secret power, being as sinless as the innocent: and he would be a priest for ever according to the order of Melchisedec. — I will offer up my mass to-morrow morning, said the director, that Almighty God may reveal to you His holy will. And let you, Stephen, make a novena to your holy patron saint, the first martyr who is very powerful with God, that God may enlighten your mind. But you must be quite sure, Stephen, that you have a vocation, because it would be terrible if you found afterwards that you had none. Once a priest always a priest, remember. Your catechism tells you that the sacrament of Holy Orders is one of those which can be received only once, because it imprints on the soul an indelible spiritual mark which can never be effaced. It is before you must weigh well, not after. It is a solemn question, Stephen, because on it may depend the salvation of your eternal soul. But we will pray to God together.— He held open the heavy hall door and gave his hand as if already to a companion in the spiritual life. Stephen passed out on to the wide platform above the steps and was conscious of the caress of mild evening air. Towards Findlater's church a quartette of young men were striding along with linked arms, swaying their heads and stepping to the agile melody of their leader's concertina. The music passed in an instant, as the first bars of sudden music always did, over the fantastic fabrics of his mind, dissolving them painlessly and noiselessly as a sudden wave dissolves the sand-built turrets of children. Smiling at the trivial air he raised his eyes to the priest's face, and seeing in it a mirthless reflection of the sunken day, detached his hand slowly which had acquiesced faintly in that companionship. As he descended the steps the impression which effaced his troubled self-communion was that of a mirthless mask 458 THE EGOIST December 15, 1914 reflecting a sunken day from the threshold of the college. The shadow, then, of the life of the college passed gravely over his consciousness. It was a grave and ordered and passionless life that awaited him, a life without material cares. He wondered how he would pass the first night in the novitiate and with what dismay he would wake the first morning in the dormitory. The troubling odour of the long corridors of Clongowes came back to him and he heard the discreet murmur of the burning gas flames. At once from every part of his being unrest began to irradiate. A feverish quickening of his pulses followed and a din of meaningless words drove his reasoned thoughts hither and thither confusedly. His lungs dilated and sank as if he were inhaling a warm moist, unsustaining air, and he smelt again the moist warm air which hung in the bath in Clongowes above the sluggish turf-coloured water. Some instinct, waking at these memories, stronger than education or piety quickened within him at every near approach to that life, an instant subtle and hostile, and armed him against acquiescence. The chill and order of the life repelled him. He saw himself rising in the cold of the morning and filing down with the others to early mass, and trying vainly to struggle with his prayers against the fainting sickness of his stomach. He saw himself sitting at dinner with the community of a college. What, then, had become of that deep-rooted shyness of his which had made him loth to eat or drink under a strange roof ? What had come of the pride of his spirit which had always made him conceive himself as a being apart in every order ? The Reverend Stephen Dedalus, S. J. His name in that new life leaped into characters before his eyes, and to it there followed a mental sensation of an undefined face or colour of a face. The colour faded and became strong like a changing glow of pallid brick red : Was it the raw, reddish glow he had so often seen on wintry mornings on the shaven gills of the priests? The face was eyeless and sour-favoured and devout, shot with pink tinges of suffocated anger. Was it not a mental spectre of the face of one of the Jesuits whom some of the boys called Lantern Jaws and others Foxy Campbell ? He was passing at that moment before the Jesuit House in Gardimer Street, and wondered vaguely which window would be his if he ever joined the order. Then he wondered at the vagueness of his wonder, at the remoteness of his own soul from what he had hitherto imagined her sanctuary, at the frail hold which so many years of order and obedience had of him when once a definite and irrevocable act of his threatened to end for ever, in time and in eternity, his freedom. The voice of the director urging upon him the proud claims of the Church and the mystery and power of the priestly office repeated itself idly in his memory. His soul was not there to hear and greet it, and he knew now that the exhortation he had listened to had already fallen into an idle formal tale. He would never swing the thurible before the tabernacle as priest. His destiny was to be elusive of social or religious orders. The wisdom of the priest's appeal did not touch him to the quick. He was destined to learn his own wisdom apart from others or to learn the wisdom of others himself wandering among the snares of the world. The snares of the world were its ways of sin. He would fall. He had not yet fallen, but he would fall silently, in an instant. Not to fall was too hard, too hard : and he felt the silent lapse of his soul, as it would be at some instant to come, falling, falling, but not yet fallen, still unfällen, but about to fall. He crossed the bridge over the stream of the Tolka, and turned his eyes coldly for an instant towards the faded blue shrine of the Blessed Virgin which stood fowl-wise on a pole in the middle of a ham-shaped encampment of poor cottages. Then, bending to the left, he followed the lane which led up to his house. The faint sour stink of rotted cabbages came towards him from the kitchen gardens on the rising ground above the river. He smiled to think that it was this disorder, the misrule and confusion of his father's house and the stagnation of vegetable life, which was to win the day in his soul. Then a short laugh broke from his lips as he thought of that solitary farmhand in the kitchen gardens behind their house whom they had nicknamed The Man with the Hat. A second laugh, taking rise from the first after a pause, broke from him involuntarily as he thought of how The Man with the Hat worked, considering in turn the four points of the sky and then regretfully plunging his spade in the earth. He pushed open the latchless door of the porch and passed through the naked hallway into the kitchen. A group of his brothers and sisters was sitting round the table. Tea was nearly over and only the last of the second watered tea remained in the bottoms of the small glass jars and jampots which did service for teacups. Discarded crusts and lumps of sugared bread, turned brown by the tea which had been poured over them, lay scattered on the table. Little wells of tea lay here and there on the board, and a knife with a broken ivory handle was stuck through the pith of a ravaged turnover. The sad, quiet, grey-blue glow of the dying day came through the window and the open door, covering over and allaying quietly a sudden instinct of remorse in Stephen's heart. All that had been denied them had been freely given to him, the eldest: but the quiet glow of evening showed him in their faces no sign of rancour. He sat near them at the table and asked where his father and mother were. One answered: — Goneboro toboro lookboro atboro aboro houseboro.— Still another removal ! A boy named Fallon, in Belvedere, had often asked him with a silly laugh why they moved so often. A frown of scorn darkened quickly his forehead as he heard again the silly laugh of the questioner. He asked: — Why are we on the move again, if it's a fair question ? — — Becauseboro theboro landboro lordboro willboro putboro usboro outboro.— The voice of his youngest brother from the farther side of the fireplace began to sing the air "Oft in the Stilly Night." One by one the others took up the air until a full choir of voices was singing. They would sing so for hours, melody after melody, glee after glee, till the last pale light died down on the horizon, till the first dark nightclouds came forth and night fell. He waited for some moments, listening, before he too took up the air with them. He was listening with pain of spirit to the overtone of weariness behind their frail, fresh, innocent voices. Even before they set out on life's journey they seemed weary already of the way. He heard the choir of voices in the kitchen echoed and multiplied through an endless reverberation of the choirs of endless generations of children: and heard in all the echoes an echo also of the recurring note of weariness and pain. All seemed weary of life even before entering upon it. And he remembered that Newman had heard this note also in the broken lines of Virgil "giving utterance, like the voice of Nature herself, to that pain and weariness yet hope of better things which has been the experience of her children in every time." (To be continued.) WAR POEMS AND OTHERS. By Richard Aldington. THERE is a peculiar coincidence in the fact that the same post brought me a book of poems by Mr. Harold Monro and a book of poems by Miss Harriet Monroe. I do not, of course, refer to the similarity of names but to the similarity of activities; for Mr Monro is the editor of an English review—Poetry and Drama—primarily devoted to the publication of new poetry, and Miss Monroe is the editor of an American review—Poetry—which has the same objective. Now, it is perfectly obvious that no one gives up the major part of his time, makes considerable sacrifices of money and tranquillity in order to provide a means of publicity and remuneration to ungrateful and quarrelsome poets if he does not care profoundly for the art of poetry. The years during which these two people December 15, 1914 THE EGOIST 459 have edited their respective periodicals must have been, as the journalists say, "very rich in experiences." For it is notorious that in their private and personal relationships poets are the most disagreeable, the most carping, the most ungenerous, the most ungrateful and the most envious of human beings. With what superhuman diplomacy—enough to save the world from several wars—must these two editors have conciliated the "X" school of poets when they printed poems by the " Z " school, deadly enemies of the " X "s ! How firm must be that character, how generous that temperament which in spite of a thousand criticisms, slights and inconveniences is always polite and always labouring for the good of such turbulent contributors ! I declare I should not like these peoples' self-imposed job. It is all very well to say that we owe a great deal to the poets of the past and that we can best repay that debt by vicarious generosity to impoverished young men—that is all very well, but it must be their modesty which makes them say it. The position of editor of a poet's review is, I should think, one of the most excruciating mental martyrdoms conceivable. It is no part of this brief article to estimate the work done by these two Reviews—it is enough to say that practically every living poet—known or unknown—who has any trace of talent, has been represented in one or both of these periodicals. No one under the degree of a prize idiot expects every number of a monthly or quarterly periodical to contain epoch-making poetry, and though they have printed a good deal of rubbish, these editors might have printed more ; they have printed some reasonably talented stuff and they have given the youngsters a chance. It is something to be proud of. The wonder is, though, that they have found time to write any verse themselves. Mr. Monro's book* is a modest little brochure, containing sixteen poems in all. It is most commendable to print only that amount as the result of several years hard work—it shows that the author is self-critical, a most admirable trait. In these times one naturally turns to the war poems first. From one of these we gather that Mr. Monro does not consider that either the professional or the unprofessional poets, with their "sultry palls of hair" (good phrase that!) have anything really to say on the subject. Remains Mr.------(excision by the Censor) . . . The other war-poems have neither the blatant idiocy of Begbie and company nor the profound tedium of Mr. Robert Bridges and Mr. William Watson. But somehow they do not interest one. How can one be interested in poems about a war when the war is going on? The proper time to write about a war is afterwards—as Whitman did. "Emotion remembered in tranquillity"—we shall get no war poem till peace is declared. It is the fashion of poets always to desire what they do not possess. In this book I have read with real pleasure: "Great City," "London Interior" and "Hearthstone." " Poetry," we are always insisting here, " depends upon clarity and precision, upon a precise use of detail." Emotional generalisations or a description of one thing in terms of another does not and never did make poetry. Thus—I quote from Miss Monroe's bookt:— " Oh, the city trails gold tassels From the skirts of her purple gown, And lifts up her commerce castles Like a jewel-studded crown." That does not move one because it is profoundly untrue— rhetoric in fact. Mr. Monro is conscientious, frugal, determined not to print anything he does not feel sure is good ; Miss Monroe, on the other hand, has a far more primitive and ecstatic pleasure in the mere act of composing. Her book is about forty times longer than the other, and I "turn the page and I turn the page," seeking the * "Children of Love." By Harold Monro. The Poetry Bookshop. 6d. net. † "You and I." By Harriet Monroe. The Macmillan Co., New York. $1.25. best bits. Mr. Monro is bored with Hebrew Monotheism and says so plainly; he tells the deity frankly:— "Make it never more thy boast That I linger like a ghost In thy tavern as thy guest." (Figurez-vous le bon Dieu; il a lu, sans doute, ce poème ; il se dit: "Mort bleu! Qu'est-ce que nous allons faire, nous ? Si je ne puis pas être le Dieu de tous les hommes, au moins je regrette profondement de ne pas être le Dieu de ce bon Monsieur Monro.") Miss Monroe, on the contrary, has that easy sort of optimism which impresses us so in our transatlantic cousins. The Americans are profoundly irreligious ; hence that admirable light-heartedness which allows them to write books of poetry 236 pages long, without a tremor, without a regret. I have read Miss Monroe's book from cover to cover—including the advertisements, which I always read—and after mature consideration I feel I like her first poem best. It is, perhaps, a little Whitmanian, but it makes pictures for me, and I find I can re-read it. I am frankly out of sympathy with a good deal of the volume—but that is my misfortune. But the book contains many spirited efforts. As to Mr. Hewlett's little book‡—most of which I had already seen in the "Daily Chronicle"—it is pretty small beer. There was a time, I suppose, when the author of the New Canterbury Tales and of the Little Novels of Italy could be taken seriously. But now ... ? The only thing in this book which was worth printing is the humourous one—"Brave words from Kiel"—quite worth printing and reading—in the "Daily Chronicle." FIGHTING PARIS. November 22.—Thermometer below freezing point. Each one makes comment: "Cold weather for our soldiers." Not a shop or conveyance you go into but the remark occurs and often you are asked: "And you, have you any one there?" November 23.—The papers are crowded with recriminations against official administration. Bureaucracy in France seems to be an incurable evil. Mr. E. R. B., the Swiss composer, tells me that Richard Strauss, having refused to sign the intellectuals' manifesto, giving as excuse that politics are not his profession, is being violently attacked for his abstention by the German Press. The most difficult people to reach just now are those unfortunates who are confined in the districts still occupied by the German forces. Thus, if you require to write to some one, presumably at Lille, you must address your communication (post-card only) via Pontarlier and Bâle. Another solution is to send the communication care of the Spanish Consul at The Hague, or the French Consul at Maestricht. There is no one so far away from the rest of the world as these. M. Guy-Charles Cros, that gifted poet, has been taken prisoner while fighting in Belgium. November 23.—Herr Richard Strauss has fallen between two stools. The French won't believe he abstained from signing the manifesto for other than venal motives. The Intransigeant's interpretation, for instance, is that an author's copyright lasts for twenty years more after his death in France than in Germany. November 27.—M. G. C. was enrolled to-day. November 28.—" Courrier Théâtral : au Théatre Music-Hall du Moulin Rouge . . . Tipperary Girls, clowns Dario et Cerratto ... ; le Théatre Albert 1er; Théatre Belge; Nouveau-Théâtre; Concert Mayol." This is from to-day's paper, being the first theatrical announcement since the mobilisation. So Paris is becoming herself again ! The people who can't live without theatres (and those who live by them) are having their way on condition that 15 per cent. of the booking receipts be given to charitable funds. The Académie des Inscriptions et Belles Lettres has, by a majority of twenty-eight votes against six, decided not to strike off its associates and corresponding mem- ‡ "Sing Songs of the War." By Maurice Hewlett. The Poetry Bookshop. 6d. net. 460 THE EGOIST December 15, 1914 bers of Germany nationality. And the Liberté calls this example on the part of the savants of France—unique in the group of five societies forming the Institute—a mistake. Must all Germany and every German be held responsible for little children's mutilated hands, homeless families, orphans, widows, the destruction of Ypres, Louvain, Reims, etc., and the promised threatened destruction of Brussels?1 Perhaps, after all. November 29.—Authors in the ranks: the simtdtaniste poet Henri-Martin Barzun. Several deaths on the battle-field among acquaintances. November 30.—Lieutenant Hébert, of the French navy, who founded the famous athletic school at Reims, and to whom is due the popularisation of physical culture in France, a man to whom the country is as deeply indebted as to a great artist or scientist, has been seriously wounded while leading his men (fusiliers marins) to an attack. Authors under the colours: Louis Thomas, editor of Chateaubriand's correspondence and a compilation on Talleyrand, among other books, has risen to the rank of subaltern since the war. He joined as a simple volunteer, and the rapidity of his promotion denotes exceptional aptitude and valour. Another writer serving his country is Eugene Morel, dramatist and author of a curious novel entitled "La Prisonnière." Ernest Psichari has left a posthumous work descriptive of his conversion, called "Le Voyage du Centurion," as I find in the Intransigeant's interesting Boite aux Lettres. Things seen : a crowd gathered in the Place de l'Opéra. On investigation find the attraction is the loading and unloading of motors filled to the roof with parcels of clothing and dainties given by readers of the Echo de Paris for distribution among the soldiers at the front, whose officers send for them in military or commandeered cars. One of the most attractive innovations (or renovations) since the war is the return of the horse-drawn 'bus. In the form of a race-course char-â-banc it plods up and down the boulevards for 2d., and takes you up and lets you down—as it announces in white chalk on a slate— where ever you choose. It is cruel to the horses, I know, but between times they take it easily—moreover they earn their bread, which everyone doesn't just now. December 1.—Whether all unessential spheres of life should be suspended at the expense of much privation, or whether all the superfluities of trade and industry should be allowed to go on (at the expense of the concentration of energy and earnestness directed on the war) is a dilemma suggested by the perusal of a handful of London weekly newspapers. Life in Paris has this great advantage over life in London (among others) that it spares us the illustrated weeklies and monthlies unless we absolutely hunger for them. The best French illustrated paper circulates solely among millionaires and dentists, for it costs a franc, and what ordinary Frenchman can or will afford such a sum for a mere newspaper ? To one who comes suddenly upon England after long absence on the Continent, the overwhelming ubiquitousness of the illustrated newspaper appals and disgusts. It suggests that the world exists to be photographed. Its insinuating, indiscreet publicity has never been more repelling than just now, for it implies what a fine commercial speculation this war is for the Press, what quantities of straw it provides for its bricks. Luckily, this peculiarly English industry, the illustrated newspaper, gives an entirely false idea of England and the English. Those who live far enough away from its cheaper aspects are near enough its heart to understand that. But a stranger (a Martian, say) coming suddenly upon the picture-swamped streets and houses of London, might quite justifiably come to another conclusion. Oscar Wilde said, I believe, that every great man had a disciple who wrote his biography and that this disciple was, usually, Judas. Every great country has a phase which reflects it. untruthfully. England—I like at least to imagine—is betrayed by its illustrated Press. If one had only the illustrated papers to judge by there would be no war wherein men sometimes enjoy themselves and often die appalling deaths or are spared to live appalling lives; where little men become heroes, and big men become pigmies ; but in its place a spectacular show specially contrived for the camera. The unreality of the realistic photograph is thus instanced. Not a thousand photographs tell the tale as well as one poem like "The Debt," by E. V. Lucas, which found its way into an illustrated paper, strange to say, and "Peace," by William Carlos Williams, published in these pages. December 2.—Those charming lines in the last Egoist, "Song: in war-time" remind me of the efforts made here to conciliate patriotism with art. An attempt at as decent a compromise as is possible is made in the first Lamoureux-Colonne concert programme of the season which announces works by César Franck, A. Mackenzie, Albéric Magnard (who was shot by German order for refusing to receive the enemy in his house), and Rimsky-Korsakow, with the respective anthems of the four allied nations to set off each composition. Almost every day now brings its news of some war victim among friends or relatives of friends, but it is impossible to refer to them individually or this record would become a casualty list. A little woman was telling me she had not received information about her husband for fifty days, but knowing he was wounded imagined him to be confined in the enemy-occupied zone. For M. René Barzin in the last Egoist read "Bazin" and for "Psichiari," " Psichari." Another soldier-poet: Charles Moulié. Perversions of patriotism : to call Eau de Cologne, Eau de Louvain. With great reluctance would I leave Paris just now. Such an absolute change of scene as the city presents as compared with its former aspect could not be found without going far. The stillest quarters of Bruges are (or were) not as somnolent as is the left bank after nine p.m., and no sight can surpass for attractiveness the ecclesiastic, provincial and ancient neighbourhood of Saint Sulpice. Horses' hoofs clatter but seldom by on the resonant wood of the pavements, the motor's croak is not sufficiently frequent to disperse the singularly retrospective impression. An occasional whispering couple in the shadow of an 18th-century porte-cochèrc, a hooded agent, some swift cats forestalling their customary hours, a jerking facre, symbol of Paris at its most nocturnal, supply the sum of animation. And the unencumbered street permits us to step back to admire the tracing of the scaffolding supporting a tower of Saint Sulpice against the green of the moonlit sky, to take in for the hundredth and ever first time the exquisite curves of a pure Louis XV. balcony, to note a rare encorbellement, to laugh at a surprisingly set gable and to thank God that the urgency of other business prorogues for a little time the too imminently (always too imminently) doomed destinies of these perfections. A curious effect of the war is the impossibility of making any kind of plans. Thus one cannot say or think : I will do such and such a thing next year. The future is an absolute blank; speculation is more than usually vain. But one feels more justified in anticipating twelve months rather than twelve weeks. Time has a new valuation. It is wonderful how every kind of food-supply is forthcoming without any increase in the normal prices. One only has run out—the chicory for the morning café au lait. As it is manufactured in the North, notably at Lille and Cambrai, not a grain is to be had in Paris. December 3.—In the ranks : Francis Carco, author of "Jésus la Caille." M. E. R. B. writes: "How unjust is the accusation brought by the French Press against Richard Strauss ! His works will always be performed more often in Germany than elsewhere, moreover his copyright fees are higher in Germany, though they may not last so long after his death. Now would even an interested man run the risk of being boycotted in his own country, which is at the same time the one bringing him the largest income, for sums due to his descendants ? The greater his cupidity the less chance of his acting in this sense." December 15, 1914 THE EGOIST It appears the Münchener Nachrichten defend the bombarding of the Cathedral of Reims on the ground that in war the most harm possible must be done and to excuse it is a pacifist aberration. Max Harden writes in the Zukunft that Germany had desired this war. And in Kunst and Künstler a critic proposed that the Belgian museums be robbed of their treasures in the interests of the German and notably Berlin galleries. On the other hand I am told it is not true, as the Matin affirms, that 50 pfennig notes have been issued in Germany where gold is still forthcoming. December 4.—I made a mistake the other day when I contended that all our wit had been commandeered. Some remains in the civilian ranks. The best of it appears in the first number of Le Mot, drawn and edited by Paul Iribe, who has proved for us ever since he drew M. Paul Poiret's first dresses for him and notably in his defunct weekly Le Témoin that France need not go abroad for inspiration in decorative art. There have been three great designers in France within the last fifteen years. When I say great, I mean artists who are inventors, who introduce styles and ideas which are at the same time new and useful. The first of these who concluded the decade comprising Toulouse-Lautrec and Aubrey Beardsley was that prolific, bewitched De Feure, who remains to be discovered. He came and went like a comet, without leaving any influence, but his page will be turned back to some day. A second is M. Paul Iribe, whom everyone has plundered. His war-weekly shows one drawing entitled: "David and Goliath." It represents a monstrous German howitzer (marvellously designed) from beneath which creep masses of German soldiery as the Trojans crept from out of their horse, faced by a little French 75 gun, against which rests one French soldier smoking a pipe. The letterpress directs well-aimed bullets at the Germans and flicks little pebbles among another kind of enemy, the jingoes. To M. Saint-Saëns and other ante-Wagner-ites, ante-Nietsche-ites, ante-Goethe-ites, etc., it retorts: "There is an art which flourishes on heights out of the reach of shrapnel and may be drawn from depths where geographical distinctions of colour are effaced. Why condemn the lofty works of a nation while hoping to take its territory 1 Would it not be wiser to study in how far these works belong to us and escape them? The plague ! Master Saint-Saëns, how you thunder ! Do not let us spit on such spoil. Such classics are worth having." In his little chronicle of the literary fraternity's participation in the defence of the country, M. Fernand Divoire lets glimmer enough guileless maliciousness to give it a place among the few publications which are, at present, readable, though it appeals exclusively to a corporation. Its existence shows how much more sociably united are the writers of France than those of England. Who in the latter country would have thought of issuing a bulletin busying itself exclusively with the military records of the biggest as of the slightest constellations in the literary world ? Though amusingly divided and sub-divided into compartments and departments, the selection is impartial and eclectic in view of completeness and catholicity, for the most dazzling genius in the field or letters may cut but a drab figure on the field of battle, while the most flickering of minor lights may rise to glory when substituting the pen for the sword. We know patriotism and art do not marry well. They are different domains. Why insist on uniting them ? Can they not be allowed to thrive each in their appropriate soil? In La Grande Guerre rue par les Artistes (Ores et Cie) M. Rouhille illustrates the " Marseillaise " in six robust drawings proving that, given certain conditions, i.e. a competent pencil, it is sometimes possible to further patriotic enthusiasm through the agency of art. Roubille's and Iribe's will be among the finer cartoons commemorative of the war. Muriel Ciolkowska. (To be continued.) ART AND DRAMA. THE IMPERSONAL NOTE OF ENGLAND, RUSSIA AND JAPAN. FALSE value may be said to be the parent of the present-day theatrical gods. Its negation would, of course, expose the gods as myths. Perhaps false value can be exploded with its own logic. Let us see. If we trace the ultimate dramatic law we shall find the basis of the whole dramatic problem, and the fundamental truth for solving it. The ultimate dramatic law may be expressed as the theory that Drama is a spiritual something which produces an effect upon something else. The something else is a receiver (let me say, an author). Drama does not go beyond the author. It operates by making the author a part of itself, and thus brings him into its own action. I would say, indeed, that Drama is a medial organ in and by which our relation with reality and the interaction of its spirit on our own, is perceived by us. The glimpses of reality and its truths, which it flashes upon us, are peculiarly our own. By their aid the soul within each of us revives and unfolds. In this way Drama promotes each of us to creative authorship in a spiritual sense. Under its direct touch each becomes a soul-builder. Given this individualistic basis of Drama as the true value, it is easy to track down the false values. * * * * The dramatic author, as we know him to-day, is a false value. He is the creature of a false system that leads him to de-individualise himself. He is detached from Self and whirled along by a belief that whatever he receives, spiritually, must be transferred to others. Actually, he believes he holds his soul on sufferance, and cheerfully transfers its ownership to wrongful owners. Thus, the author supposes the spectator, another false value. The author cannot act unless there is a spectator—that is, a large transference of his Self to something contained in the auditorium of a theatre. Absurd ! In like manner, the spectator supposes all the incidents of the drama and the theatre. Scattered about in producer, actor, composer, designer, costumier, etc., are bits of the essential Self of the dramatic author, which have to be carefully brought together, like bits of sticking plaster over a gaping wound, that they may achieve an effect by collected action. These human bits really represent potential authors whom the middle-man system has reduced to cyphers who have lost power over themselves. * * * * It would not be difficult to prove that the Theatre as we know and believe in it, is really part of the great slave ideal which sanctions the stripping of the individual of his own will and conscience for the use of those who are either too cowardly, lazy, or stupid to exercise their own share of these things. But there is not much to be gained by throwing the Theatre into the great melting pot just yet. Every man is not likely to become his own dramatic author and actor for a century or two. And the twentieth century will not witness the great ultimate event of every man experiencing in and by and through himself, a perfect form of drama, say, the Transfiguration. * * * * So we must go on inventing systems in order to kill the System. The present thing to do is this. We have a Theatre which stupidity and ignorance have superimposed upon the author, or the person who stands at the threshold of the infinite. We must submit this Theatre to a stripping process till it writhes under it and ultimately becomes so impersonal as to pass out of existence altogether. We must make the Theatre as impersonal as the true Church. One thing is hopeful. The stripping process has begun. The impersonal nature of Drama has been seen, and its manifestations are believed to be rhythms and silences. The conception has given us a clear and definite rule to tell us when a manifesta- 462 THE EGOIST December 15, 1914 tion is dramatic. If in a dialogue play the words are few and significant, the sentences short, the episodes and silences frequent, then the dramatic element is strongly manifested. The conception has also created a demand for impersonal means of expressing Drama. For one thing, we want an impersonal actor. Reformers are busy inventing one. Hence, the experiments in England with Space and the marionette. But I must return to the acting capacity of these two things. Neither of them will do, for neither is impersonal. We need mummers who can so subordinate themselves to the initial flow of Drama as to speak and act by no will of their own. They should manifest the curious hypnotising impression of human beings whose souls are automatically moved by Soul itself. By entering into a trance they can do this. But now-a-days it is difficult to find a Daniel in a lion's den who can speak with the tongues of angels. Sometimes I have thought I detected the ideal actor in the dancers of the Russian Ballet. The recent production of "Fleurs D'Orange" and "Scheherazade" at the Coliseum, though skim-milk, certainly exhibited a number of figures whose souls the music had taken into its own keeping. Time after time, especially in "Scheherazade," its emotions brought them to a point in perfect formation, as many waves give volume and dimension to the significant curve of a great wave. And as often they fell away. In this way all the figures were arranged by the music to concentrate attention upon its significant movements and climaxes. Unfortunately, the scenery did not help. It was not an essential part of the fluidity of the dance-drama. Still, it had an interest. The big black mass of the first scene of "Fleurs D'Orange" helped to introduce the love motive and took the high notes of colour. But, of course, the black figure of the lover was wasted on it, and the red spot light also lost its force. A large blue window helped to symbolise a significant event passing in the background. And there was a front curtain full of terrific movement and hard colour. Proper lighting would have softened the colour. It was noticeable that the scenery in both ballets were busy filching value from the dancers. But the Russian Ballet dancers will not do either. They are too physical. I do not want Witch Doctors who hold the spectator by the force and intensity of a debased form of dramatic manifestation and so impel him to feel and do physical things, such as killing. Again, I have fancied I might find the ideal actor among the Japanese. But watching Madame Hanako at the Ambassadors Theatre has not left me hopeful. It is true that a wonderful reticence, seen more especially in "Ki-Musumé," a simple tragedy of false accusation, does seem to deprive this fine actress and her fellow actors of their will and consciousness. But her amazing intelligence remains. At times, as in the intense death scene, she reduces herself to an illusion, a mere semblance of a material form, by the first principles of art, simplicity, intensity and sincerity. At others (all through "Mistaken Identity," where she masquerades as her mistress) a rare personality stands in the way and refuses to be suppressed. Her adventures on the borders of the impersonal are helped by telling pieces of machinery. Both scenery and properties are reduced to the barest essentials. Pale blue curtains, a sky border of rich mauve, a black rostrum for coloured figures, and a reddish-brown carpet give the impression of a room resting in space. Black velvet curtains, a cherry tree and a bench suggest a garden hung athwart eternity. The same black screen and a simple wooden structure and there is a shrine woven out of the infinite. I wish Madame Hanako and her clever players could remain in London always. But I am afraid a Japanese theatre in London is not yet possible. So I must search elsewhere for mv ideal actor. With luck and Providence I may find the Holy of Holies. Huntly Carter. LOVE'S EUCHARIST. As timorous boy that, at calm Eastertide Taking his first Communion, startled, sips The holy blood of Christ between his lips, Fresh seeming from the newly piercèd side ; And as he bows his head and, undenied, Takes his God's body in his teeth, so dips My face to thine, so to my finger-tips Thrills hope, love, reverence, softened, glorified. This my Communion, Absolution this ; And when without the Gate of Heaven, I see God's self, who saith, "Thou knewest me not for sin," This will I plead: "I knew Thee in her kiss; Better than Thou loved her, or I loved Thee Did I love her." And God will say: "Come in." Reginald Wright Kauffman. CORRESPONDENCE. Note to Correspondents.— While quite willing to publish letters under noms de plume, we mäke it a condition of publication that the name and address of each correspondent should be supplied to the Editor.—Ed. * * * THE INNER VOICE. To the Editor, The Ecoist. Madam, On page 404 of The Egoist I read of the Inner Voice, " Its purpose being to restrain the Napoleons, it yet flourishes only in the non-Napoleons; a Napoleon being by definition one constitutionally incapable of hearing an Inner Voice. The spell of two thousand years of Christianity ... its gospel is powerful as a working principle with the powerless." By this, and the article of which it forms a part, I understand that those who hear an Inner Voice and have their actions determined by it are the powerless, whose lack of efficiency and energy leaves the world to be practically controlled by the Napoleons—as defined above. Test this by historic exemplification. Oliver Cromwell is not under serious suspicion of failing to hear and obey an Inner Voice ; but he did most mightily bang the Lord's enemies whenever he found occasion to do so. And Cromwell is not an isolated phenomenon. Among men who have been obedient to conscience and at the same time very hard-fisted in beating down the enemies of their causes one may name the Pharaoh Akhenaton, the Caliph Omar, Judas Maccabeus, King Alfred, Isabella the Catholic, Bayard (I mean the Bayard "without fear and without reproach"), Martin Luther, Gustavus Adolphus, William the Silent, John Knox, Cromwell's enemy Montrose, John Ziska, Abraham Lincoln and his enemy Stonewall Jackson, Simon Bolivar. There is no reason why the list should not be continued to any length you like. Some of those whom I name, indeed, came to violent deaths or lived to see their causes defeated ; but hardly one of them came to such an utter smash as did Napoleon, who was cited as the standard of efficiency. The mention of Napoleon implies that ultimate defeat does not bar a man from the Valhalla of the efficient. Steven T. Byington. Ballard Vale, U.S.A. THE FEAR OF TRUTH. To the Editor, The Egoist. Madam, I am ignorant as to whether or not your journal is popular, but I would lay odds on its being unpopular, and for a reason supplied by Miss Marsden herself in her leader in your last issue. I read : "It is the crassest stupidity to think that people desire truth, or anything approaching truth," and yet The Egoist, knowing this, sets itself to seek truth and to speak it aloud! How can such a journal ever hope to be popular? As for the deeply ingrained, but concealed, dislike of truth, my own theory is that most people think they want truth, but when it comes to the point are afraid to have it. I believe they are genuinely afraid of losing their moorings, so to speak— afraid to trust themselves to themselves, to be "a law unto themselves," afraid to go out alone in thought prepared to face whatever fact may present itself and to accept any conclusion that may show itself to be true—i.e., to stand the test of trial, to be so as far as they can ascertain. They have an instinctive fear of egoism. They think it means giving the rein to the "natural man," and they have an uncomfortable feeeling that their "natural man " would rush them into all sorts of physical excesses and immoralities (to grant them the word). They seem to hold in reality—though often unconsciously—the old ecclesiastical doctrine of original sin : "Man is by nature evil," "The heart is deceitful above all things, and desperately wicked," "There is none righteous; no, not one." And it is not only the pious, the professional religious, who hold December 15, 1914 THE EGOIST 463 these doctrines ; in some form or other they are held by the whole bevy of the moral, the humanitarian, the "unselfish." All such persons are afraid of giving their thoughts or their natures the rein, afraid for themselves and also apprehensive lest their neighbours, daring the feat, should shake the foundations of established conventions and well-seasoned morality. At bottom these faint-hearts dare not meddle with the sacred (the sacred may be defined as something bigger than oneself, something self-existent and not understood, an explanation that fails to explain but must be reverenced) in any of its forms, and are afraid of those who would do so, hence the persecution of them. Fear of the unknown, a craving for something to cling to, a deeply-ingrained reverence for the sacred, all this bars the ready acceptance of truth—of what is—and is the explanation of the commotion set up when any old-established " truth " is questioned. Therefore how is it possible that a journal could be popular which possesses no reverence for anything in the world or out of it; which has no use for shut doors, safe harbours, protected causes, established institutions, or any other refuge for the timid and humble in mind ? Catherine Wood. DERIVATIONS. To the Editor, The Egoist. Madam, Miss Marsden says "speech is used to disguise thought." That wily little diplomat, Talleyrand, expressed the same view : "Speech was given to man by God," he was wont to say, "to hide his thoughts," but I recall the fact for the sake of giving amusing information and not as a reproach to Miss Marsden for saying what has been said before. She may reiterate greater men than Talleyrand without its reflecting on her originality. On the contrary, it ranks hers with theirs. We do not reproach the sun for rising every day. The people who are given to using analogy and pointing out similitudes belong to the flocks themselves. They see through others. Miss Marsden may see, sometimes, with others. How can she avoid it ? So much for a recent correspondent who thought she had made a discovery. It will serve for others as well. C. M. WHY WE ARE MORAL. To the Editor, The Egoist. Madam, Miss Marsden says morality = egoism + humbug. I say respectability = egoism + humbug, morality = egoism + a clear head. I wish everybody to be happy in his own way (that is, I am moral) ; my reason for so wishing is that it will make me happy. Q.E.D. "It is the part of a Christian not to irritate wasps," says Henry's First Latin Book, and Miss Marsden analyses that Christian duty beautifully. But it is also wrong to irritate worms. Yet I am the "dominant," the worms are the dominated. I do not see how my morality in this case can be derived from fear or laziness. Caldwell Harpur. Alston, Cumberland. A SMALL HELPING OF TRUTH, Mr. COURNOS ! To the Editor, The Egoist. Madam, It is no use continuing the present discussion with Mr. John Cournos. Clearly we are in different worlds. I am somewhere aloft, while he is sprawling beneath a motor-car gazing upward at the gear-box with the question, "What is it?" Moreover, Mr. Cournos' method of argument bores me. He repeats himself, distorts the truth, shuts his mind to evidence and neglects to answer my questions. Let me end the matter by showing how he closes his mind to evidence. In parading his qualifications he informs us that he is a Russian and Russian is synonymous with sympathy. I could kill the latter part of the statement by quoting overwhelming evidence of its untruthfulness, but instead I will tell Mr. Cournos where he may help himself to the necessary truth on Russia and Russian sympathy. Let him turn to The Egoist's first-born in America, " The Little Review " for October, and read " Ante-Bellum Russia " by Alexander S. Kaun. This will afford him a view of Russia as seen by a Russian. Then, if he likes, I will lend him three bulky volumes of Press cuttings of the amazing events that shook Russia to its foundations in 1906. Further, I will furnish him with a description, 50,000 words or so long, of my own thrilling adventures in Russian Poland and the Land of the Midnight Czar. If this evidence does not convince Mr. Cournos that he has been living on nursery tea all his life, I am afraid nothing will. Huntly Carter. Note.—A. reply to Miss Bradford's letter is held over to the next issue.—Ed. EDITORIAL. Letters, &amp;c, intended for the Editor should be addressed to Oakley House, Bloomsbury Street, London, W.C. PUBLICATION. All business communications relative to the publication of The Egoist should be addressed, and all cheques, postal and money orders, &amp;c, made payable to The New Freewoman, Ltd., Oakley House, Bloomsbury Street, London, W.C, and should be crossed " Parr's Bank, Bloomsbury Branch." Terms of Subscription.—Yearly, 13/- (U.S.A., 3 dollars 25 cents); Six Months, 6/6 (U.S.A., 1 dollar 63 cents); Three Months, 3/3 (U.S.A., 84 cents). Single Copies 7d., post free to any address in the Postal Union. ADVERTISEMENTS. All orders, letters, &amp;c, concerning advertisements should be addressed to the Advertisement Manager, The Egoist, Oakley House, Bloomsbury Street, Loudon, W.C. All BACK NUMBERS of "THE EGOIST" and "THE NEW FREEWOMAN" can be obtained from the publishing office : Oakley House, Bloomsbury Street, London, W.C. Price 6d. each. By post, 6 1/2 d. The Little Review Lowers Its Price $1.50 a Year :: 15 Cents a Copy THE LITTLE REVIEW Literature Drama Music Art MARGARET C. ANDERSON EDITOR THE NEW MONTHLY WHICH HAS BEEN CALLED "THE MOST VITAL THING EVER STARTED IN AMERICA." 917 FINE ARTS BUILDING, CHICAGO 464 THE EGOIST December 15, 1914 READERS of THE EGOIST are asked to become SUBSCRIBERS This is the most effectual way of helping the Paper. SUBSCRIPTIONS must be sent to The New Freewoman Ltd., Oakley House, Bloomsbury Street, London, W.C. All Cheques, Money Orders and Postal Orders should be crossed " Parr's Bank, Bloomsbury Branch," and made payable to The New Freewoman Ltd. For Terms of Subscription see below. THE EGOIST Subscription Form Please send me THE EGOIST for ___from____ for which I enclose________._ __ Name_______ Address____ TERMS OF SUBSCRIPTION.-- Yearly ... 13 - ; U.S.A., 3 dollars 25 cents. Six Months ... 6 6; „ 1 dollar 63 Three Months 3 3 ; ........ 84 „ Orders should be sent to The New Freewoman, Ltd., Oakley House, Bloomsbury Street, London, W.C. All Cheques, Money Orders, and Postal Orders should be crossed " Parr's Bank, Bloomsbury Branch," and made payable to The The New Freewoman, Ltd. Poetry A Magazine of Verse. Endeavours to publish the best poems now written in English ; Reviews and discusses new books and verse : Promotes in every possible way the interests of the art. If you believe that this art, like painting, sculpture, music, and architecture requires and deserves public recognition and support, subscribe. POETRY, 543, Cass Street, Chicago, U.S.A. Send Poetry for one year ($1.50 enclosed) beginning to Name________________________ _ Address_ The Drama 736, MARQUETTE BUILDING, CHICAGO. A Quarterly devoted to the Development of a Wide and Intelligent Interest in Drama. Each issue of THE DRAMA contains a translation of a complete play. These plays, not otherwise accessible in English, represent especially the leading dramatists of the continent. THE DRAMA, in addition, devotes attention to modern stagecraft, new types of theater building, organisations for drama reform, " little theater " movements, and all pertinent subjects. Significant books on dramaturgy are reviewed. Single copies, seventy-five cents. Yearly Subscription, three dollars. Printed by Partridge &amp; Cooper, Ltd., Fleet Street, London, E.C., and published by the Proprietors, The New Freewoman, Ltd., at Oakley House, Bloomsbury Street, London, W.C.