The Egoist , made Published on the 1st of each month The Egoist AN INDIVIDUALIST REVIEW Formerly the NEW FREE WO MA N No. 8.—Vol. II. MONDAY, AUGUST 2nd, 1915. Sixpence. Editor: HARRIET SHAW WEAVER. Assistant Editor: RICHARD ALDINGTON. CONTENTS. PAGE Contributing Editor: DORA MARSDEN, B.A. The Gentle Art of "Appreciation." By Dora Marsden 117 Views and Comments ....  120 Henri Gaudier-Brzeska. By John Cournos 121 Chinese Poems. Translated by James Whitall 122 Passing Paris. By Madame Ciolkowska 123 French Poems. By Guy-Charles Cros 124 A Fine Novel. By Richard Aldington 124 page Poems. By Richard Aldington, John Gould Fletcher and Marianne Moore . . . . . . . .125 Notes on Modern German Poetry. By A. W. G. Randall 126 Serial Story.—A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man. By James Joyce ........ 127 Métiers Divests. By Jean de Bosschère .... 130 Periodical not Received......131 Correspondence ........ 131 THE GENTLE ART OF "APPRECIATION" By Dora Marsden I THINK Grant Allen was the creator of that doctor with the uncanny instinct for spotting men whose inevitable end was the gallows for wife-murder. It turned out that the doctor came at his divinations not by way of characteristics peculiar to the victims of fate and scaffold themselves, but by following the careers of men owning wives with a neck of a certain curve. The sequence was unfailing: such a curve—such a catastrophe. Even the nicest-seeming sort of individual would be compelled to do it, married to that particular curve of neck. It was the " nagging curve." And this divining " system " will appear credible enough. No one is likely to underrate the offensive powers of nagging: that form of verbal flagellation, continuous like Time, and incisive like Toothache. So there appears to be a good case for a correspondent writing in this issue who maintains that in citing " Physical Violence " and "Flattery" as the two methods by which men are induced to assist the achievement of other men's purposes, or at least to refrain from obstructing them, we do not exhaust the Methods of Government, and claims for " Nagging " the status of a method in itself. It will probably be more accurate to say that Nagging (and scolding in general) is the negative side of a method of which Flattery is the positive. They are both adjustments to the one basic characteristic of life, that the vital energy acts readily and with the sensation of Pleasure in the expanding direction, i.e. that of growth. Since the first essential of any " Science of Society " or " Art of Living " is to understand how communities are ramified and held together by Flattery, it seems worth while showing how " to nag " is a continued adjustment to that same human characteristic which lends to Flattery its meaning and purpose, even if to do so raises once more the worn subjects of the " Supreme Good " and the " True Table of Values." * * * * The master-problem of the ages, which is solved by one age only to be resolved again and differently by the next, is to give the name to the thing in life which outbids every other in attractiveness and which consequently men must value most. To put into words the nature of the motive which will account for life's perplexing ways is the task at which Religions, on their theoretic side, are attempts at achieving. To make the high valuation which men set upon self-preservation tally with a quite common reckless disregard for the same life at other times has constituted a neat problem, to which the various Theories of Life are the answers. The one thing which all Theories agree in recognizing is that there are things for which men will barter length of life; yet so ingrained is the belief that nothing can be valued higher than preservation of life, that almost every theory has committed itself to a vast assumption of which there can exist no hope of proof. Because men are ready voluntarily to undertake risks which are tantamount to an abandonment of this life the argument is that " somewhere " Another Life—probably a better—must exist which awaits men upon this life's close. How, the Religions ask, would it be possible for men to hold this life so lightly, unless it were so? The latest of the prophets, however, his solution confessedly inspired by the phenomenon of men, magnificently alive, going proudly and enthusiastically to almost certain Death, was satisfied to find the motive in an Impression: Skimmed from this particular spectacle: not the participant's but the onlooker's: and therefrom to affirm this impression of all other spectacles. Because Nietzsche's cavalry regiment looked Powerful, their animating motive must be—Power. The Will, he said, is set towards Power, and will exchange everything, including life, for Power. But the Will itself is just—Power. What meaning then has the " Will to Power " save " The Will towards Will," a phenomenon of which psychology reveals little trace. And if by courtesy it be allowed to mean " The Will to Dominate," it is made thereby little more illuminating. The Will is set, not on the domination of obstacles— animate or inanimate—but upon arriving at that which it desires. The zest for domination is incidental only to the Will bent towards some definite Experience. Obstacles become obstacles only because they stand across the path which leads to some definite and desired end. This same end it is that unleashes and directs the Will: which is power submitted to conditions. * * * * The directing lures in life then are Images: Feelings in prospect: which can magnetize the vital power, first to Attention and thereafter to Action. Prospective Sensations hook into the Imagination. The prospect of growing into a sensation more and more definitely constitutes the paramount "Urge," and action in life is governed by this attitude towards a progressive definiteness in Sensation. The vital instinct is to follow such sensations as offer promise of developing themselves into something new: which said differently, means that life is in its highest condition of well-being when it is enlarging its world to include something new. The proof as to " which sensations are which" lies in the feeling experience of the one who feels them: just as the verdict upon the pudding lies in the feeling of the one who eats it. Certainly to become aware of the suggested possibility that we can grow from less to more along the line of any particular sensation is the germ which develops into Passion and quickens the will to concentrate and fasten its energies on it: while the hinted possibility of diminution and shrinking serves to reverse and scatter them. Development is the essential feature of Passion. A passion degenerates into a lust when the attracting Image disappoints and fails to expand from suggestion to reality. The vital energy then frets round it futilely, never assuaging itself, because the confusion with which it is surrounded at the outset fails to give way and yield the definite, clear, new. A lust is comparable to the irritated effort which one applies, say, to the removal of a blur over the sight, to arrive at the clear vision which the blurred one hints at but fails to give. It is an addled passion. What to the Will appears to be extremely worth while is an increasing clarity in sensation and with a view to clarity, intensifying of such sensations as seem capable of being intensified. Hence, intense forms of feeling—relative to the whole feeling—experience of the one who feels— are the master-prizes in life and it is out of these intense forms of feeling, rapid and vivid, that the " New Thing " into which the spirit expands comes to birth. The feeling of expansion is called " Pleasure." * * * * It appears that certain Images of the Mind link themselves up in such a way as to suggest the prospect —given the requisite attention and energy—of yielding such experiences, and by them the mind becomes magnetized. Where such a prospective experience suggests itself men will harness, concentrate and apply their energies to the utmost in order to make the more definite Image eventuate. They will do so even when this travail of the Mind involves the risk of cutting short life itself and persist in efforts to shake the suggested Image free of its remote and blurred indefiniteness by pressing up to it with destruction at their heels. To add a new continent or even a humble promontory to one's world of emotion it has always seemed worth while to gamble life away at one stroke. Danger in such circumstances ceases to be a deterrent. The history of the vivid life and passion which vitalizes the world is full of evidence of it. Not only in the luxurious abandonment to the full exercise of Power which Nietzsche felt was the animating spirit of his cavalry regiment, is proof furnished, but by any and every "deadly"fascination. The " crowded hour " when it suggests itself will never fail of candidates even if its pursuit should threaten existence of an entire species. No man who feels he is actually in the wake of an intense addition to his experience wills to turn back—no more than water in flood turns back upon itself. Cautious advice is futile as a straw on its surface: not because he is dead to the world but because his Universe has dissolved into one Image which rises and submerges the whole. It is even a little disconcerting to note the small regret spent on a " World " so lost. Given the power, few would recall it. Men are anxious candidates for a temptation strong enough to make yielding to it a necessity. Rather than " Lead us not into temptation," the prayer " Lead us into such temptations as cannot fail to tempt " is truer to the spirit which fundamentally actuates their conduct. The call of experience is more powerful than that of caution except with a decaying race. The mark of the futile and disappointing in life is to have been able always to resist temptation. It means that one has missed the lure of the new thing. * * * * Such is the simple tale of values as they exist among the non-decadent: unaffected by sophistication. Instincts assess their own values where words are scarce, and in spite of sophistication, even now the primitive valuations break out incessantly and supply colour and flare in a universe which words have talked grey. In a civilized—which is a verbalized—world, it is the precise purpose of words to undermine " instinctive " assessment. Such strong, self-directed, self-judged instincts, however " good " in the deep inner consciousness of the individual, are difficult for government and direction. It is the great work of words to wean the individual from his own self-chosen passions and interests, so that his energies may be harnessed at will to other interests he may be desired to serve. The weaning process is complex. It begins with the attempt to boggle the individual instinct as to what is " good " to himself. It breaks down reliance on his own certainty of judgment as to what he actually desires, so that he ceases to recognize directly and from himself what he desires, and he requires to be told. He is cut loose from his moorings and drifts out upon a sea of uncertainty: at the mercy of other persons' opinions. This is the condition which words have been used to effect, and which prepares the way for the system of " Appreciation." Those who know how to wield the word are now able to affix the values of what is " good " for one. The Prescribed Images will be " good," the Proscribed " bad," independently of the individual's predilections regarding them. Not that the " Appreciatory system " is regardless of personal feelings: quite the contrary: it caters expressly for them, given these initial powers of direction and assessment of value. To square matters with personal feeling it attempts to heighten by all means in its power the attractive features in the Images it hopes to persuade men to fix their hearts upon, and so make them capable of magnetizing the energies of the people. The forms by which Appreciation " gets there " comprise every method of playing upon the one basic characteristic of the human spirit: that it will expand into the fulfilment of Images which can establish themselves in the imagination and thereby magnetize attention. The Appreciatory system recognizes to the full that such expansion—which is called Pleasure—is highly acceptable, so much so that men will do much in order to win and retain it. The deliberate contriving of an expansion—Pleasure—of the human spirit is Flattery. Flattery is treatment adjusted to the fact that by heightening the value of the things we desire, we heighten also our own value. The value of a life (to itself in the sense of the amount of pleasure and happiness it can feel) is gaugeable by the strength of attraction between the Purposer and his Purposes, and by heightening the attractiveness of the ends we are bent on, the connexion between us and our purposes is strengthened: and the value of life increased in accordance. Opinion—the mouth-piece of Appreciation—makes small account of the value of this connexion in itself. It approves of its strength only after it has approved of the end: which approval is dependent on its agreement with its own Purposed Ends. If it does not so agree, the " system " is set promptly in motion to disparage its value and to weaken and, if possible, break the connexion between the unfriendly purpose and its author. The weaning process constitutes simply a reversal of the process of Flattery; Flattery being a forcing of the feeling of growth, the reverse process is precisely an endeavour to " make one feel small ": to make the spirit shrink and contract by a contemning of its desires and purposes: which contraction is called Pain. Flattery and Scolding, by praising much or none, the thing our hearts are fixed on, produce expansion and contraction, Pleasure and Pain, exactly as Heat and its withdrawal produce the changes in the index of a thermometer, and if our sense of Appreciation and Judgment is in external keeping, our happiness is in external keeping also. The more we are moved by Honour the more is our Pleasure and Pain beyond our own mastery. Yet Honour has things increasingly its own way in this world (though not with Germany, one can say! ). The powers of Appreciation rule the roost. With most of us, sophistication has drugged the vital instincts to an easy lethargy, so that Appreciation following up its preliminary work of boggling individual instincts, comes into a fruitful field for labour. With most people, this is a dull world. Boredom—absence of powerfully engrossing instincts—sits heavily upon them, and usually the dulcet, if condescending, voice of Appreciation is as acceptable as that of a lover. To be considered " Good " and " Noble " by others, has thus become men's own private interest. They lend their souls to it, and not for " nothing ": they know what expansion of the soul —Pleasure—they get who willingly give their souls for Honour. * * * * It is, however, when the patient proves insusceptible to the weaning process and fails to adjust his foci of attraction and accordingly his avenues to Pleasure that the forces of Appreciation reveal more fully the mobility of the " system." Ordinarily it knows how to make the patient's insensibility recoil upon himself in the form of Scolding. If he is bent upon alien purposes he must be made as small and insignificant as possible for their prosecution: to which end his aims are heartily depreciated. They are " low " and " vicious," and their adherent is also low and vicious to be attracted by them. Nagging, Scolding, Vilifying, Despising, follow in turn. They represent a progressive tightening of the screw—a reversal of the action of Flattery—bent upon minimizing the importance of him, his aims and his pleasures. It becomes only a matter of expediency, a question effected by the relative importance of the Purpose against which the recalcitrant one holds out, whether Judgment shall move on to, or stop short of, that passionately irritated disapproval—Hate—which is the frame of mind requisite for " Appreciating " the rebel's continued existence as valueless and unnecessary. If that view appears expedient the Powers of Appreciation will move on to their quite natural culmination and assess his " value " as a minus quantity which will finish their connexion with him: since at this point Violence steps in and translates the valuation into effect by wiping out his existence: or by putting him where his prejudices and predilections cease to count: annihilate or confine him, that is. Under the " Appreciatory system" it is of course the privilege of the Supreme Power only—the State—to allow its disapproval to proceed to culminating point. Private individuals must content themselves by taking down one's " size " by means of words: expressions of opinion only: not inconsiderable instruments however —nagging, _ vilifying, scorning, and the rest. The " system " is extremely intelligent, and is practised on each by all, but in a special degree by the more intelligent on the less so. This great verbal innovation has triumphed because it has known how to set its sails to catch the breeze, and which age-long knowledge of human motives has enabled it to gauge. It has been able to manipulate the springs of Pleasure and of Pain, and create at Will the entire range of feeling from intense happiness to intense misery. Coupled with a nice adjustment of valuation to Purpose it has been able to supply what is good enough for most men— Honour—in return for what they in return most desire— Obedience. * * * * The one adequate means of becoming deaf to all species of Appreciation is to be engrossed in one's own element. The Power to initiate interests and passions from within oneself is the first step to independence and freedom from the Powers of " Appreciation" if not from the forms of revenge which wrath at their own ineffec-tualness rouses. Such independence is the first ingredient of genius. It is one of Mr. Bernard Shaw's creations, who delivers himself of the opinion that " The most tragic thing in the world is a Man of Genius who is not also a Man of Honour." Far from this being descriptive of the case, however, a "Man of Genius " holds the one position where one can be distinguishable from a " Man of Honour " with striking and impressive effect. For what is genius but the power to conceive and name the " New Thing," together with the power which can hold out till it attains to it. The genius is the person capable of great emotions and becomes the Master-Expressor because great emotions are carried by then own weight and clarity to the point of expression. He breaks into Expression, not to obtain Appreciation—Honour—but to gain an outlet for Images he is unable to retain. In the sphere at least where his genius lies, the genius can suffer praise and blame with an unmoved tenacity. In the first place he is aware that he knows better than his critics what is the true scale of values for him, and in the second, he knows that he is likely to come by far more than adequate compensations for the loss of the Flattery which following his own bent may necessitate for him. He has need to run abroad to find neither appreciation nor his means of elation: so that " Opinion " finds itself faced with genius, with something which is more inflexible and more powerful to transmute wills than itself. * * * * And falling very short of genius to be deaf to Honour and Flattery when matters essential to them are at stake is the index denoting Quality and Class in more commonplace individuals. The " Classes " are separated from the " Masses " by this mental distinction that the former apprehend that Respect takes precedence in importance of all Honour. Respect is the onlooker's tribute to one's probable powers of resisting the onslaughts of Flattery acting in behalf of some alien interest. It is the instinctive recognition that to be dependent on the " good word " of others is a fair sign that one does not possess much in oneself on which to depend: to which fact is due the slight contempt which inevitably rises when others are moved by our Flattery. To be able recognizably to stand by their own interests in face of all appeals from " Opinion " accounts for that concern and solicitude for their susceptibilities which is the treatment a community always metes out to "Class." So, the South Wales coal-miners have now graduated out of the Masses; they have acquired the pass-word to the Classes. No longer finding it necessary to be " loved "—in words—they have learnt how to make themselves " feared " by establishing as a working policy the practice of always striking your opponent while he is down. All which, of course, in no way disinclines one from the use of Flattery. We all use Flattery in direct proportion to our ability and are none too anxious that it shall cease to be practised upon ourselves however much we may regard Flatterers as the species which uses fascination as a cover for snatching one's purse. * * * * The ramifications of the subject of Flattery are endless. It is not necessary to point out that the Authorities are not alone in exploiting it. As the means of breaking the neck of opposition, Governments, with their vast and organized " System of Appreciation "—Public Opinion, Religion, Honour, Ostracism-are only one out of myriads of units bent on " governing " and achieving their own interests. Human society is veined through with Flattery. In the intra-individual clash of desires, its completest and most finished forms are " Charm " and " Love "—of the romantic order. All the "spiritual" aspects of " romantic " Love are contrived out of it. On the strength of these two alone it may be gauged how far Flattery goes to subdue the World to the Will of those who best know how to employ it. It has to be noted that the forms of Flattery which have monopolized the term are only the crude and blundering ones. Where it is but moderately successful leaving its traces bare, its label is changed into " Tact "; and where it is wholly successful, leaving no trace of its artistry, even—perhaps especially—those who have fallen its victims are unaware of the nature of the forces to which they have succumbed. And they then call it " Charm ": asking naively, " What is Charm "? Charm—consummate Flattery—is the instinctive intelligence of someone else who knows what to you is Pleasure and gives it to you. By a little adroitness they can maintain the sense of Pleasure and yet completely change the base from which it was necessary for them to start with you at the outset. Using always skill they can change your interests: steal your mental purse, if you like. That is why the charming people rule—most people. The few whom they do not "net," are the ones who are already too much engrossed in interests to be aware of the spell they cast. Which is not to say that all persons who are charming are aware of why they are: their great sensitiveness and intelligence often stops short just at the point of complete self-appreciation: a slight obtuseness which has an attraction of its own. So, too, with Romantic Love—the part of love which is not an appetite. This form of Pleasure-giving travels further— albeit only in a single direction—along the avenue of Flattery than charm even: which is more widely distributed. In fact the lengths to which Romantic Flattery will go exhaust the uttermost limits of speech. Only when the most inflating utterance has been uttered does it pause—to fall back, doubtless, on dumb show. Which explains the unsuitability of " Romantic Love " for translation into the too realistic, because too intimate relationships, of daily life: unsuitable, that is, save for persons who regard " Löve " as an artistic exercise and make sensible allowances for Time and Season: or for persons whose power to Flatter rises to the heights of genius. And having laid " Love " and " Charm " to Flattery's account, this is not the place to enlarge upon its disadvantage. VIEWS AND COMMENTS BY now, in these hard times, the Government might have been expected to be thoroughly alive to the difference between what some elegant person has described as " Blowing your nose and blowing it off," but they still appear to think that they can go to any lengths along the path of obliging their friends. It turns out that the coal strike was allowed to come about just to oblige an old fossil which some member of the Government keeps warm in his pocket. This person's job is theorizing on the subject of " Abstract Right," and the coal strike being the apt illustration he was in need of at the moment it was of course engineered. And the world is at war! There is, of course, nothing left for the unprivileged public to do, but deplore as usual the subversion of Public Interest to Private Ends and pick up any profitable intelligence there may be among the spoil. And if the coal strike be not due to the fact that this old gentleman required the suspension of the resources of a coalfield in war-time in order to " boil an egg for himself," what other adequate reason is there for permitting such a catastrophe with such a " moral " to occur at such a time. We can think of none. The " moral " of this strike for recalcitrant labour appears to be that they should henceforth cease disparaging their opponents' methods and morals for the plainly demonstrated reason that though these beat no " noble " sound they are by far the better ones for winning. From the fact that the miners have won in this strike the workers should be able to cast aside their brand of " Ethics ": the essential feature of their position as " the workers." If they have the intelligence to grasp the importance of this fact, the period of war between Classes and Masses is now at an end, and the war between parties very nearly approaching Equals, will have begun. # * * * I see a correspondent objects to the word " should " in The Egoist, because it is redolent of coercion I suppose. It would be nearer the mark to consider it redolent rather of Purpose, and an Egoist—yea even an Anarchist—must have a Purpose or two, so it " should " be in its place. Having a Purpose merely means that you aim at arriving at a destination by way of one route or other. What "should" implies is that, having fixed the destination and the route towards it, you should occasionally remember that you actually are aiming at some spot in particular, and that arrival there necessitates a certain sense of direction. We cannot, for instance, arrive and yet sit by the roadside permanently. Accomplishment in its very nature is coercion. One has to coerce oneself and many other people and things in order to carry out quite a small undertaking, and that necessitates one's saying " should " quite a number of times. The importance of any change in the brand of the " Ethics " for the Masses has all to do with this word " should." " Should," as we have implied, has the function of a signpost: it is important as indicating the direction one should take relative to our desired destination. The " ethical " position of the Masses is in this bewildering state: while they aim at arriving at Power for themselves, the persons responsible for the setting up and the marking of the signposts desire them to arrive at a destination in a quite opposite direction: at Absence of Power. And they hopefully trust to the signposts and expect to arrive. It is true that they see all the powerful moving past them in the opposite direction despite the signposts, but even this strong " tip " appears to tell them nothing: their faith is fixed in it and they loudly scold all such as are making strides in a contrary way. Hence the importance of " should," and the importance of testing whether these all-valuable indicators are set in accordance with their Purposes and not those of others. Whichever end one wishes to take there exists the corresponding " should ": tyranny everywhere it seems. * * * * "Democracy and Conscription " are twin tyrants, one is informed. But then there are so many tyrants: as many as there are sparks of life it seems: all established in proportion to their strength and unobtrusively in proportion to their subtlety! Why, out of such a myriad of tyrants, these two—one a mere way of speaking and the other a course of physical training—should be placed together as the tyrant-twins is not apparent. Democracy, as has been reiterated here so often, is a method of sparing the pride of the tyrannized by dint of politeness: a convention misleading only to the unintelligent. And to save the unintelligent from their unintelligence is not within the power even of tyrants. Conscription is a different affair. Coupling Conscription with Democracy is like comparing learning to earn a livelihood with knowing how to raise your hat to a lady. It is difficult to understand why people who are not the mouthpieces of some fixed " Principle " like that of maintaining the "wrongness of coercion" can maintain an objection to National Training. It is based on the understanding that it is best for the Interests of a group—the instruments of aggression being what they are—that each of its members should be as capable as may be of effectual self-defence. It is surely against no one's interest to be as efficient in self-defence as possible. The powers of self-defence are always useful: for aggression as well as defence: at home as well as further afield. Men who cannot fight with a fair chance of competing with the rest of their fellows are—even though they possess true hearts of gold— rabble. They fall back like a pack of sheep before a mere handful. One thinks of the spectacle of Ben Tillett and his Ten Thousand on Tower Hill in the Dock Strike. That spectacle revealed more than a whole century of talk. Unarmed, untrained, undisciplined, men—though they can call upon the heavens to witness their Righteousness and to encompass the destruction of their enemies—are " shoved and shoo'd " from their ground—by a few policemen. It is worth while reminding the inheritors of the "spiritual" Principles of Democracy that these same " Principles " (Politeness or Hoax, just as one pleases to regard them) were largely the outcome of the temper of the soldiery which emerged from the last great European War. It was the experience and training of the returned soldiers which put stamina into the Reformist movement and which put a corresponding fear into the hearts of the " Arch-Tyrants " as then Established. If the movement ultimately went awry and broke its temper struggling for nearly a century through a bog of words, this does not dim the fact that it sprang from firm substantial quality. And rebellion apart, the stout truth stands that tyrants can tyrannize only "sofar " among comparative equals, and they are alert enough to know when a situation makes caution a necessary virtue. The recognition moreover that "Peace and a quiet life" necessitate violent and acrid forms of guaranteeing, in no way reflects on the former's attractiveness. It merely recognizes that it is the power to retaliate with adequate violence which virtualizes any claim to enjoy and possess "Peace" even as also "Rights," "Property," "Free Conscience," "Anarchist Opinions," and the rest. £ £ 4s . 4s There are so many of these " blessed words " about, so many " spiritual principles." It would purge the world of much unintentional Cant if the word " spiritual" could be once and for all attached to its accurate meaning: that of " verbal." This would make it more possible to give a sensible meaning to " Principle " as that of " Customary mode of behaviour "; and so effect a clearance invaluable in a community disease-ravaged by Principles which are allowed to bolt madly like wild horses harnessed to all kinds of valued Purposes, because the " creations," being " Principles," are Sacred. It would also set free the word " Spirit " for use in the important sense of Vital and therefore Purposive Energy. Associated with purpose, Spirit would accurately connect itself with the embodiments of Purpose: which embodiments would cease to be underrated as valuable evidence of the working and intention of a powerful spirit, just because they failed to fit into the verbal conventions current at the time. War would be realized for what it is—a colossal struggle of brains. It would become impossible to conceive of the sort of governing intelligence which condescendingly allows that, after all, brains are not altogether negligible, and which, just as it has arrived at this interesting discovery, proceeds to appoint as Minister of Education —yea Education—we will refrain from naming him. The act proves this country an invincibly moral nation. It gets into the way of doing things after "a certain fashion, and kill or cure, it insists on continuing thus to do them. It has despised education: and it does despise it and it will continue so to do, for ever, Amen. That is the spirit of Morality: a true adherence to "Principles." D. M. HENRI GAUDIER-BRZESKA* By John Cournos AND Brzeska is really dead. . . . Few of us believed the first rumours. There was a legend among us that dear Gaudier could not die. Because it is hard to believe that a man so gifted with genius, so abundantly endowed with aliveness, should come upon our earth merely to die by a bullet— his work undone, his creative secret untold. Very likely this legend grew out of our affection for him, out of our faith in his destiny; it was the expression of our desire to see him live. . . . Dear Gaudier could not die. He was so clearly designed for living, for adventures and experiences, for narrow escapes of all sorts, for sweating—chisel and hammer in hand—over marble, Portland stone and alabaster. And then there was his wit which came in bolts and made holes in dullness. The thought that he could die was the one thought which never entered our minds. Brzeska himself believed in and encouraged the legend. I remember him stepping in to say good-bye before he left for France. " In three months the war will be over. I'll come back without a scratch." And only some weeks ago he wrote from the front, where his daring twice won him promotion: "I have had many close escapes from death, and shall continue to do so." His letters from the front are quite Cellinian in their vigour and wit and terse frankness. In one of them he has told us how while watching the Germans through a hole in the wall he had carved out, by means of his trench pick and knife, the figure of a dancing woman. This is Brzeska to the marrow. Gaudier-Brzeska was a Franco-Pole, and therefore belonged by race to two of the most refined nations of Europe. It is hard to tell how he came by his primitive impulses. At home in Paris or in London, he could have as easily accommodated himself among the Zulus or the Cossacks of the Ukraine. His mind was intensely French in its crystalline hardness, but all his thought's hardness could not hide the latent temperament of the Pole. His life, in spite of himself, was full of grand sentiment. He lived intensely and he died intensely. He died charging the Germans at Neuville St.-Vaast. I like to think of him as a Pole. One's mind turns to the epilogue in " Rudin ": " Tiens, on vient de tuer le Polonais." It is not for nothing that Turgenev makes the men of the barricades mistake Rudin for a Pole. But Brzeska was a Pole. How came Brzeska among the " Vorticists "? He was, I should say, the only Vorticist with a vortex. He was Vorticism. His fine mind had a mastery over matter—for he was a natural sculptor—but in the end the foe won. A German bullet, that small but efficient vortex of materialism, crashed into his skull—vortex interpenetrating vortex—and created a void which can only be realized by those who knew him and enjoyed his friendship. The day is beautiful as I write this. The breeze seems to rise and subside at short intervals. Now the leaves on the trees outside my window are rustling vigorously, now they are very quiet. As I sit here thinking of Gaudier, my own mood seems to be like that. Now I seem to be asking myself: "Is Gaudier really dead? " Then in the silence that follows, the answer comes—slowly and unmistakably. [Note.—A study of M. Gaudier-Brzeska's art by John Cournos will appear in the next number of The Egoist.—Ed.] * Three reproductions of M. Brzeska's work, with an essay on the subject by Mr. Ezra Pound, were printed in The Egoist for February 15, 1914. M. Brzeska wrote a long review of "The Allied Artists " for June 15, 1914, and a letter on sculpture in March 16, 1914.—Ed. CHINESE POEMS [From the "Book of Jade" by Judith Gautier. Translated by James Whitall.] SONG ON THE RIVER MY boat is of ebony and the holes in my flute of jade are golden. As the plant that takes out stains from silk, so wine disperses sadness from the heart. When one has good wine, a graceful boat, and a maiden's love, why envy the immortal gods? Li-Tai-Pe. TO THE MOST BEAUTIFUL WOMAN OF THE FLOWER BOAT I have sung songs to you with my flute of ebony, songs telling of my sadness, but you did not hear. I have written verses praising your beauty, but disdainfully you have thrown the gorgeous sheets that bore my poems, into the water. Then I gave you a huge sapphire, a dark sapphire like the sky at night, and for that sapphire you have shown me the little pearls of your mouth. Ouan-Tsi. INTOXICATION OF LOVE The petals of the water-lilies tremble in the wind that murmurs through the Palace of the Waters. The king of Lou lounges idly on the terrace of Kou-Sou. Before him is Sy-Che; she is dancing and her movements are full of rhythm and delicate grace. Then she laughs in her sensuous weariness, and leans against the royal bed of white jade, gazing towards the east. Li-Tai-Pe. THE FISHERMAN The thirsty earth is quenched with snow, and now the plum-trees are blossoming once more. The willow-leaves are like new gold; the lake is molten silver. It is the hour when sulphur-laden butterflies rest their velvet heads upon the flowers. A fisherman casts forth his nets from a motionless boat, and the surface of the lake is broken. His thoughts are at home with her to whom he will return with food, like a swallow to its mate. Li-Tai-Pe. MID-RIVER In my boat rocked by the river, gently rocked while the daylight lasts, I row and I gaze at the mountains, glassed in the water. I have now no other love but the love of wine, and my cup full of wine is before me. Once I had in my heart a thousand sorrows, but now ... I look at the mountains, glassed in the water. Tchang-Tsi. THE AUTUMN WIND The autumn wind rises, white clouds are flying before it and yellow leaves are torn from the trees by the river. Already the wild geese are winging their way towards the south; no longer the rose is sweet, and petals are falling from the lotus-flowers. I must see her whom I love and can never forget. I jump into my boat and start to cross the river, to reach the pavilion where she dwells. The stream is swift and the waters, darkened by the wind, flow with a sound like rustling silk. How far away seems the other shore, as far away as ever. To give me coinage, I sing as I row, but my songs are sad and make my toil heavier. My heart is young and ardent; it flies before me and pitilessly leaves me. Have the winds of so many autumns broken my strength? Is it only the pic tine of an old man that gazes, trembling, at me from the water? Emperor Ou-Ty, Han Dynasty, 140 b.c. THOUGHTS ON THE SEVENTH MONTH I dream among the flowers of my garden sipping wine, clear as jade. The wind caresses my cheeks and cools the scorching air, but how glad I shall be of my cloak, when winter comes again. In the summer of her beauty, a woman is like the wind in August; she sweetens our lives. But when the white silk of age covers her head, we avoid her as we avoid the wind in winter. Li-Tai-Pe. YOUTH The care-free youth, who lives on the road of the Imperial Tombs near the Gold Market of the East, sets forth from his dwelling, into the fresh spring wind. The step of his white horse, saddled in silver, is graceful and full of rhythm. There is a whirlwind of petals underfoot, for the fallen blossoms form a thick carpet everywhere. Now he slackens his pace, perplexed ... a laugh, musical and clear, greets him from a nearby thicket. He is no longer perplexed. Li-Tai-Pe. ON THE ROAD TO TCHI-LI I sit by the wayside on a fallen tree, and gaze along the road that stretches before me to Tchi-Li. This morning, the blue satin of my shoes glistened like steel and one could see the black-embroidered traceries. But now my shoes are covered with dust. When I set out, the sun was laughing in the sky, the butterflies hovered round me, and I counted the white daisies, scattered through the grass like handfuls of pearls. It is evening now, and there are no daisies. Swallows dart by swiftly at my feet, crows are calling each other to rest, and labourers, their plaits wrapped round their heads, are entering the villages near by. But for me there are yet many miles to go; I will compose a poem, as full of sadness as my lonely heart, and with a rhythm so difficult that the road to Tchi-Li will seem too short. TiN-TuN-LrNG. THE WILLOW LEAF The maiden who gazes dreamily from her window, resting on her elbows—I do not love her because of her splendid palace on the banks of the Yellow River. I love her because she has dropped a little willow-leaf into the water. I do not love the breeze from the east because it brings me the scent of the blossoming peach-trees that whiten the Oriental Mountain. I love it because it has blown the little willow-leaf close to my boat. And the little willow-leaf—I do not love it because it brings to thought the tender spring that has just flowered again. I love it because the maiden has written a name upon it with the point of her embroidery-needle and because that name is mine. TCHAN-TlOU-LlN. THE PORCELAIN PAVILION Out in the artificial lake, there is a pavilion of green and white porcelain; it is reached by a bridge of jade, arched like the back of a tiger. In the pavilion, friends in bright-coloured robes are drinking cups of cool wine together. They chatter and scribble verses, with tucked-up sleeves and hats pushed back. In the waters, where the reflected bridge seems a crescent of jade, the friends in bright-coloured robes are drinking, heads downward, in a porcelain pavilion. Li-Tai-Pé. PASSING PARIS IN this issue occurs the third appearance of M. Guy-Charles Cros before the readers of The Egoist. , The first was in a little company of poets selected by Mr. Aldington on June 15, 1914, the second under this heading on July 15, 1914. On this last occasion one of his own poems defined his principles—or lack of them —in versification. M. Guy-Charles Cros is an amoralist in poetical technique: no God, no king, but of gods plenty. He is a charming heathen. All that is life and in life is good if it is good, or, rather, all that is good is good, the bad too, mayhap. He shows that it is quite easy for him to write in sage, domesticated metre, and then skips off into somersaults and every caper suggested by his whim. He is not occupied by those little technical details which Goethe said (in 1831) were a sign of sterility, adding: " If I were young and daring enough, I would designedly violate all the laws; I would use alliteration, assonance, false-rhyme and whatever seemed serviceable, considering only the essential: the sense; and thus I would endeavour to say things so good that every one would be charmed and ready to learn them by heart." One wants, precisely, to learn Cros by heart and read him out loud, for he realizes Verlaine's definition of poetical art: " music above all . . . with nothing that weighs or poises . . . words chosen somewhat at random " forming " songs a trifle tipsy where indecision and precision meet." And he watches over his rhyme " so ready to run away, one knows not where," for " who will ever tell all the errors of the penny bauble forged by some deaf child or mad nigger and which rings so hollow and false under the poet's file? " M. Cros is one of our most entertaining poets—with M. Paul Fort, from whom he differs by more economy, for if he has less opulence he leaves, also, less chaff in his wheat—because full of life and personality. No vague, pedantic generalizations here, and, as Mr. Aldington has said in a recent article, the " portrait of the artist " is always interesting. The poem entitled Hymne printed in these columns shows that M. Cros is eminently a French poet, so much so that he is peculiarly endowed to extract the melody in that language as Heine did from the German. Many excellent poems might have been written in another idiom and would, nevertheless, preserve their characteristics and interest, but the lines which compose the Hymne were written for French, as a waltz by Chopin was written for the piano. But if some of the work of M. Cros shows exquisite word-glitter, under all of it flows the rich, warm blood which animates also the poetry of the great predecessor already named, whom he recalls not only by his moods but, equally, by his sense of finish and completeness. Exactly a year ago M. Cros shouldered a gun. A few months later he was taken prisoner at the Belgian frontier. He was not wounded and seems to have kept in good health, so it may be hoped, though it cannot be supposed, that his life of confinement has not temporarily arrested the evolution of his creative faculties. # * * * A very different temperament was that of Paul Drouot, whose recent death in battle has been celebrated at length by M. Maurice Barrés. He was the author of three volumes of poetry, formal, substantial, a little anecdotal. One can forgive a narrative describing a lover's disappointment at not seeing his mistress alight from the train he has gone to meet her at for the confession about his rising in the middle of the night and running to the station, there to wait for an impossible train to appear from nowhere. This little epic concludes with the following singularly ominous lines (one of which alludes to an illustrious ancestor who served in the Grand Armée): Et jo sentais en moi renaître, flot suave De poudre fraiche et de vieux vin, le sang des braves Dont nous ne portons aujourdhui que le nom Et qui sous la mitraille et parmi le canon, Fusillant, fusillés, repus, gorgés de gloire, Soupiraient du souci de la seule victoire, Marchaient jusqu'à leur dernier reste de chaleur, Et ne tombaient que frappés d'une balle au cœur! Another poem seems to contain presentiments: Voici mes mains liées par une forte chaine; Voici mes pieds glacés par une mort prochaine, Mes yeux pour qui toute lumière est incertaine, Mes oreilles tissues du cri de cent fontaines, Mes sens abasourdis et ma nuque de laine. Voici mon cœur: avec une plaie si vilaine Au côté qu'il n'est pas, dans la poitrine humaine, D'épouvantable cœur qui s'y puisse égaler. . . . Paul Drouot was about to receive the medal for brave conduct and had been mentioned on the army roll a few days before he met his death. * * * * Yea, all the poets have done their duty, numbers of them have fallen—at once good poets and good soldiers. Nevertheless, that ridiculously ante-dated opinion about France's decadence persists—to their shame—in certain priggish northern countries. The other day a bigoted Dutchman wrote (in a review called De Toekomst): " We have the greatest respect for the powers of resistance displayed by the French army, which appears stronger than we should have expected from a decadent people." A DECADENT PEOPLE! One can hardly believe one's eyes. How international esteem, sympathy, and comprehension have not progressed at all since the time when Goethe said: " It is a happy consequence of more intimate relations between French, English, and Germans, that they can henceforth correct each other," is exemplified by the periodical reappearance of prejudices such as the one quoted above, and, as another instance, by the misinterpretation the French and English give so obstinately to the word " Kultur " and to that harmless and perfectly natural national refrain, " Deutschland über alles." But the war has spread most unfortunately beyond its normal compass, mutilating minds as well as bodies. In the confusion of modern ideas the mark limiting the sphere of action has been lost. * * * * One firm of Paris publishers has lost eighty members of its staff in the war. The Revue Critique has lost eleven of its regular contributors besides eighty wounded and two missing. M. Messein, successor to Vannier, Verlaine's publisher, is a prisoner of war. M. Louis Thomas, author and compiler of too many books to permit of their enumeration here, a good poet in vers libres, who was promoted to the rank of subaltern during the very first days of the war, has been awarded the croix de guerre, one of the highest honours in recognition of brave conduct. Paul Acker, who as journalist and novelist contributed to the patriotic renascence which had made itself felt within recent years, was accidentally killed in a military motor while on duty in his native Alsace. M. Legrand-Chaborier, author of Liroquois, written at Ypres a few years ago, a witty morsel of philosophical fancy, L'Amoureuse Imprévue, etc., has joined the colours, as has also M. Ary-Leblond, co-editor and founder of the review La Vie. Authors who are not serving the country as soldiers do their best to make themselves useful otherwise. MM. Remy de Gourmont, Maurice Barrés, and Charles Maur-ras have allowed certain of their books to be put on sale for the benefit of funds connected with the war. M. Gabriele d'Annunzio has done likewise with Pour la douce France. The first poetry which has made its appearance in book form since the war is due to the Comte Robert de Montesquieu, who publishes Offrandes blessées, élégies guerrières. * * * * The beautiful mediaeval tapestries which before the war hung in the Cathedral of Reims are on view at the Petit Petit Palais, rather unfortunately displayed on a red background in a glaring light unsuited to their faded tints. New galleries entirely devoted to British artists have just been opened at the Luxembourg, where great improvements have been realized in the sculpture, which now includes a much-increased selection of works by Rodin. Two of the British galleries have been presented, the one by an English collector, the other by Mr. Frank Brangwyn, who has dowered the French museum with several of his paintings and some several score of his etchings. The gems in these new rooms are a landscape by Mr. James Wilson Morrice, a drawing by Burne-Jones, a Conder, a Beardsley, and a Calvert (Edward). Muriel Ciolkowska FRENCH POEMS [The three poems here printed are taken, by permission, from "Les Fêtes Quotidiennes," by Guy-Charles Cros (Mercure de France, 1912, 3 fr. 50).] HYMNE MON pré au soleil, ma bacchante, mon arbre clair et parfumé, ma pensive et ma bondissante, ma paisible et ma frémissante, toi, seule absolument aimée, ton visage ressemble à la lune au printemps, à la lune rayonnante et calme, et tout ton corps si pur, penché comme une palme, est un beau fruit gonflé et jaunissant. L'enfant, la jeune fille et la femme, à la fois, sont en toi comme trois fleurs exquises jaillies le même jour par un miracle étroit de la même verte tige! Et ton fier regard, ton sourire, ta voix ensemble gaie et grave, m'ont guéri de mes longs délires, ont fait de moi ton cher esclave. Mon matin, ma joie, mon jardin, toi, ma sage et mon enivrée, toi par qui je fus délivré, divine enfant aux longues mains si douces à mon cœur navré, mon matin, ma joie, mon jardin! DÉPART Je vais là-bas où mon destin m'appelle, peut-être au delà de la nuit ; le vent coule entre mes doigts ouverts comme une eau tiède et je respire l'haleine humide de la nuit. J'entends librement chanter mon propre cœur, sans entendre personne, sans répondre, et je salue gaîment les arbres, mes amis, qui sont si sages et ne sortent jamais de leur chambre, qui ne se veulent point d'autre toit que le ciel ni de murs plus fleuris que les bleus horizons. Après tant de vaines courses et de pas mutiles, enfin j'ai trouvé le pays où je n'entendrai plus, femme, ton rire aride, où je ne verrai plus tes yeux ni ton sourire. Je veux rêver là-bas, loin de ta gorge et de ton ventre, loin de tes jambes qui ne savent que damner, et m'enivrer des mots que tu ne comprends pas. Ah! s'éveiller la matin seul et fort dans son large lit et sortir d'un sommeil que tu n'as pas troublé comme un nageur sort de l'eau chaste, secoué du profond frisson de sa vie! La ville est derrière moi; si je me retournais je verrais sa lueur de forge infernale qui efface jusqu'aux étoiles éternelles et met au cœur du voyageur qui vient une angoisse mystérieuse et des désirs qu'il n'avait point connus de son calme passé. . . . Mais, moi, je vais droit devant moi, je vais là-bas où mon destin m'appelle en respirant l'haleine humide de la nuit, ce vent qui coule entre mes doigts ouverts comme une eau tiède, ce vent joyeux qui vient d'ailleurs. SOUS LA LUNE ÉCARLATE Que cette nuit mon cœur exhume tous ces morts! Souvenir, fossoyeur endormi; prends ta pioche, ouvre-moi mes tombeaux. Vois, je suis assez fort pour ne redouter rien quand un spectre m'approche. Je sais bien, quelques-uns de ces corps sont poussière, rien ne peut les soustraire au sourd et dur oubli. —N'est-ce pas d'hier pourtant qu'ils sont ensevelis? •— Si vite tu reprends tes enfants, vieille terre. Mais les autres, ceux que mes pleurs ont embaumés, ceux dont j'avais rempli le cercueil d'aromates, ceux-là qui restent entre tous les plus aimés, qu'ils sortent du caveau sous le lune écarlate! Je veux m'incliner vers ce qui fut leurs visages, attacher mon regard aux deux trous de leurs yeux, voir leur corruption et leur néant affreux . . . Bon complice, assassin nocturne des images, Fossoyeur Souvenir, prends ta pioche, à l'ouvrage. Guy-CharLes Cros. A FINE NOVEL By Richard Aldington GUSTAVE FLAUBERT relates—I think in his Correspondence—that he saw on the Acropolis at Athens a tall, broad wall, so beautiful and so satisfying in its beauty that he asked himself if it would not be possible to create a similar effect with a book of prose. In l'Education Sentimentale he succeeded in this ambition. Its austerity is magnificent. But one questions if he has succeeded so well in Salambo, where his intention was obviously to give an effect of vitality and gorgeousness. It is foolish to deny the grandeur of Salambo, but Carthage is very far away, its glories and beauties appear, in Flaubert's novel, like a confused, glittering dream—the outlines are blurred. The gorgeousness remains but the vitality escapes. M. Eugene Demolder * has succeeded in creating a novel which gives an effect of tremendous vitality and gorgeousness and joie de vivre and beauty. He has written a great imagist poem in prose or rather a series of great imagist poems in prose. He is scarcely austere though he is not " purple "; the difference between Madame Bovary, say, and La Route d'Emeraude is the difference between that tall bare wall on the Acropolis and a picture by Teniers or Jan Steen—all rich yellows and glowing crimsons and deep brown shadows. In Madame Bovary we have art at its fullest; in La Route d'Emeraude we have life at its fullest, not without art. La Route d'Emeraude is a novel of Holland in the seventeenth century; it is the life and environment of a Dutch painter of that time, from his childhood to his maturity. It is a novel of great sensual beauty, where words are so handled that they present to our senses the appearance, the smell, the taste, the sound, the very touch of life. We perceive the fields, the canals, the skies, the cities of Holland as clearly as if we had lived among them; we realize the life and the art of * La Rovie d'Emeraude, par Eugene Demolder Mercure de France, 3f. 60c. (Fourth edition, 1908.) the country as if we had grown up in their midst. M. Demolder does not fall into the error of the Naturalists Which consists in seeing everything in terms of the unpleasant; nor of the Romantics, whose error is to see everything in terms of the pleasant (these we have always with us); nor of the Symbolistes, who see everything in terms of something else: he is imagist—if I may use the word—because he presents the phenomena of life with precision, showing the beauty of beauty, the sensuality of the sensual, the ugliness of the ugly. This, for instance, is how he presents the milieu into which the young Kobus was born: "The house lies at the bottom of a little bend formed by the Meuse; it is hidden behind a clump of elms much frequented by birds. "The house is very attractive with its age-weathered bricks golden with moss, its green shutters and high, thatched roof which is pierced with a door surmounted by a pulley to hoist the wheat up to the granary. A vine, whose rather tart grapes only ripen in warm Octobers, writhes its branches across the façade. " Beside the house, the mill rises, a tower of stone and beams, capped with slates: the sails form an immense cross against the sky. "In front flow the yellow ripples of the stream. Rafts coming from the Black Forest, fly-boats from the Zeerick-Zee or from Flushing glide slowly past. Several times a day the neighbouring ferry-man leaves his clay hut criss-crossed with stakes; he traverses the river, carrying over, on his great black ferry-boat, a horse and cart or a drove of cattle. "In the distance rises the tower of Dordretcht. It is covered with a rich tone of brown and rust. On cloudless evenings it looks like a huge melting candle and its clock-face shines like a star of fire. Winter makes it misty." That is the first section, the first " poem " of M. Demolder's book. The second begins with the statement: " Kobus Barent, the miller's son, was born in this house." It is simple, straightforward narrative from beginning to end, but it is very beautiful narrative: whether it is a conversation with Rembrandt, a snowfall in Amsterdam, a naked woman, a Kermess, a drunken orgy, the interior of a cathedral or a thieves' watch-fire —each is presented in a clear precise manner so that you live and not only read the book. There is nothing slavish in this method of writing; it requires, indeed, the greatest amount of imagination, for the moment it becomes laboured or insincere the reader's interest vanishes. M. Demolder has written other novels, but not many; he is not one of those self-satisfied " stylists " who laboriously and with difficulty dictate four thousand words every morning and boast to you in the evening that they " produce " five novels a year. That may be industry but it is certainly not art. The time given to its creation is obviously no criterion for judging a work of art, but it is essential that the artist should have clearly imagined and " lived " the details as well as the whole, and the whole no less than the details. It is no use trusting to luck or to a memory stored with untrue anecdotes; observation, imagination, above all an enthusiasm for life, a keenness of sensation—these are the real and valuable gifts, the mark of an original genius. What does it matter to me that you write a perfect colloquial style, that you write as you talk, if your talk has no interest, no vitality, no keenness? In La Route (d'Emeraude any chapter or any page stands by itself as any stanza or phrase in a fine poem stands by itself. You do not get bored; the author does not smother you with flour-bags of wordiness. You may say: " What is the significance of this novel? What the significance of all these landscapes and these cities, of all the incidents and surroundings of this man's life, of these Dutch pictures so cleverly visualized and re-vivified, of all the crass and the beauty, all the sensuality and sordidness and gorgeousness, the abrupt contrasts of this life? " And it can only be answered: " Nothing; and everything. Its significance is simply the significance of life." POEMS EROS AND PSYCHE IN an old dull yard near Camden Town, Which echoes with the rattle of cars and 'buses And goods-trains, puffing steam and smoke and dirt To the steaming, sooty sky— There stands an old and grimy statue, A statue of Psyche and her lover, Eros. A little nearer Camden Town, In a square of ugly, sordid shops, Is another statue, facing the Tube, Staring with a heavy purposeless glare At the red and white shining tiles— A tall stone statue of Cobden. And though no one ever pauses to see What hero it is that faces the Tube, I can understand very well indeed That England must honour its national heroes, Must honour the hero of Free Trade— Or was it the Corn Laws? — That I can understand. But what I shall never understand Is the little group in the dingy yard Under the dingier sky, The Eros and Psyche— Surrounded with pots and terra-cotta busts And urns and broken pillars— Eros, naked, with his wings stretched out Just lighting down to kiss her on the lips. What are they doing here in Camden Town In the midst of all this clamour and filth? They who should stand in a sun-lit room Hung with deep purple, painted with gods, Paved with white porphyry, Stand for ever embraced By the side of a rustling fountain Over a marble basin Carved with leopards and grapes and young men dancing ; Or in a garden leaning above Corinth, Under the ilices and the cypresses, Very white against a very blue sky ; Or growing hoary, if they must grow old, With lichens and softly creeping moss. What are they doing here in Camden Town? And who has brought their naked beauty And their young fresh lust to Camden Town Which settled long ago to toil and sweat and filth, Forgetting—to the greater glory of Free Trade— Young beauty and young love and youthful flesh? Slowly the ram settles down on them, Slowly the soot eats into them, Slowly the stone grows greyer and dirtier, Till in spite of his spreading wings Her eyes have a rim of soot Half an inch deep, And his wings, the tall god's wings, That should be red and silver Are ocherous brown. And I peer from a' bus-top As we splash through the grease and puddles, And I glimpse them, huddled against the wall, Half hidden under a goods-tram's smoke, And I see the limbs that a Greek slave cut In some old Italian town, I see them growing older And sadder And greyer Richard Aldington, JAPANESE PRINTS I Golden blossom on the banks ; Crimson blossom in the leaves. The grey mountain hangs like a mist in the air. Golden parasols on the path ; Black hills against the sky. The grey mountain hangs like a ghost over all. Golden blossom by grey trunks ; Grey roofs amid green pines. The grey mountain hangs like a tent in the sky. Crimson blossom in the sky, Yellow boats in the blue stream. The grey mountain is washed in evening light. II Wide between the hills, Winds a yellow path. In a yellow swarm Rocks descend to it. Starred with freakish pines, Downward crash green slopes, And ascend anew To another headland. Through the round green gap, Lo, the hollow sea, Like a deep blue jewel Facetted with bays. John Gould Fletcher. TO BROWNING If yellow betokens infidelity, I am an infidel. I could not plant white roses on a hill Because books said buff petals boded ill, White promised well. However—your particular possession— The sense of privacy In what you did, deflects from your estate Offending eyes and will not tolerate Effrontery. TO BERNARD SHAW: A PRIZE BIRD You suit me well for you can make me laugh, Nor are you blinded by the chaff That every wind sends spinning from the rick. You know to think and what you think, you speak, With much of Samson's pride and bleak Finality, and none dare bid you stop. Pride sits you well, so strut, colossal bird; No barnyard makes you look absurd. Your brazen spurs are staunch against defeat. Marianne Moore. NOTES ON MODERN GERMAN POETRY By A. W. G. Randall IV. Rainer Maria Büke RAINER MARIA RILKE is, after Richard Dehmel, the most notable poet in contemporary German poetry. Georg is practically forgotten by the general public, though he drew attention to himself about three years ago by a new translation — yet another! — of Shakespeare's Sonnets. Detlev von Liliencron, who was at once great and popular, died only a few years ago; but then he is as much a classic in German literature as Robert Browning, say, is in English. Otto Julius Bierbaum's charming songs are (or were) roared by students and others at cabarets or along the roads of the Black Forest, but much wider recognition than this has, so far as I know, been denied him during the past two or three years. There is, in short, no contemporary German poet quite equal in general popularity to Dehmel and Rilke. In a sense the two are rivals. This is because each appeals to a different type of reader. Dehmel is said to be beloved of the " Willensmenschen," Rilke of the " Stimmungsmenschen." In other words, this means that the first is a favourite with men of action—not physical action, of course; Dehmel is very far from being the German Rudyard Kipling! —but with men of intellectual activity. Rilke, on the other, appeals rather to the mystic, to the man of dreamy temperament, to the visionary. This may be considered an unsound method of criticism, but not even the casual reader of both poets will deny that it is both a concise and precise way of stating the differences between them. Closer acquaintances with their works will show that the generalization is really on a better foundation than such things usually are. Rilke, then, stands for the mystic type. Any one looking at his portrait will see the face of a grave, silent man, with a long beard and large dreamy eyes. " Einsamkeit " (solitariness) is the word he emphasizes again and again. In an excellent monograph on Rodin —he was his intimate friend and private secretary for many years—he says that the most remarkable feature of the sculptor's life is its " Einsamkeit." Or again, writing about Russia, where he lived for some years, he said: " Russia is the country where the people are lonely people, each with a world in himself." The predilection he showed for such a country is an index to his character and also to his works. It is to Russia, in fact, that Rilke—after the early poems in which the beauties of his native Bohemia are celebrated in a few charming lyrics—it is to Russia that Rilke returns again and again; in his prose, " Geschichten vom lieben Gott " (Stories of the dear God), for example, there is a short story which gives fine expression to the " solitariness " Rilke found in Russia. Most important of all, however, is the fact that it was in Russia that Rilke conceived and, in part, worked out the plan of what many people consider his principal work—" Das Stundenbuch " (The Book of Hours). Briefly described, this " Book of Hours " is the story, told in several short poems, of a Russian monk's search for God and of his spiritual life during that search. Passages like the following are characteristic: See, we are only shell and leaves ; But Death, great Death whom each one holds Within himself— He is the fruit, the inmost soul of all. Or again, the monk says: What canst Thou do, God, if i die? I am Thy pitcher—should I break? I am Thy drink—if I should spoil? I am Thy garment and Thy dress. With me Thou losest sense ; Beside me Thou hast no house Where warm, sweet words may greet Thee . . . Those, in short, who can appreciate a poetical presentation of Pantheism may be inclined to rank the " Book of Hours " very high. But in poetical and literary value Rilke's " Buch der Bilder " (Book of Pictures) holds a far higher place. The predominant influence is Maeterlinck as in the case of Hofmannsthal. But there is something more original in Rilke, something contributed by a more or less definite philosophy, and this makes him a more considerable poet than Hofmannsthal. Rilke, in short, surpasses even Hof-mannsthal's quite remarkable rhythmical fineness— the "Buch der Bilder" is, on the whole, the best collection of lyrics in contemporary German literature —and, in addition, he gives a firm, well-considered presentation of life. And his later poems show that he has followed up this tendency with increasing success. In fact, the French critic who, in reviewing Rilke's last volume, " Neue Gedichte " (New Poems), spoke of the poems there as being " ferme, plastique, classique," like Rodin—that critic put the matter into a nutshell. Here is a little poem representative of this later, less mystical, less philosophical, but more fruitful, period: PONT DU CARROUSEL The blind man standing on the bridge Is as grey as a boundary-stone of nameless empires; He is perhaps the thing that never changes, About which the stars are always turning, The central point of all constellations. Everything about him wanders aimlessly, Or hurries to and fro, Or is ostentatious and busy; He is the one immovable thing Jutting out into all these confusing streets; He is the dark entrance into the underworld, Placed here, among a superficial race of men. A PORTRAIT OF THE ARTIST AS A YOUNG MAN By Jambs Joyce CHAPTER V (continued) WHAT birds were they? He stood on the steps of the library to look at them, leaning wearily on his ashplant. They flew round and round the jutting shoulder of a house in Molesworth Street. The air of the late March evening made clear their flight, their dark darting quivering bodies flying clearly against the sky as against a limp hung cloth of smoky tenuous blue. He watched their flight; bird after bird: a dark flash, a swerve, a flutter of wings. He tried to count them before all their darting quivering bodies passed: Six, ten, eleven: and wondered were they odd or even in number. Twelve, thirteen: for two came wheeling down from the upper sky. They were flying high and low, but ever round and round in straight and curving lines, and ever flying from left to right, circling about a temple of air. He listened to the cries: like the squeak of mice behind the wainscot: a shrill twofold note. But the notes were long and shrill and whirring, unlike the cry of vermin, falling a third or a fourth and trilled as the flying beaks clove the air. Their cry was shrill and clear and fine and falling like threads of silken light unwound from whirring spools. The inhuman clamour soothed his ears, in which his mother's sobs and reproaches murmured 'insistently, and the dark frail quivering bodies wheeling and fluttering and swerving round an airy temple of the tenuous sky soothed his eyes which still saw the image of his mother's face. Why was he gazing upwards from the steps of the porch, hearing their shrill twofold cry, watching their flight? For an augury of good or evil? A phrase of Cornelius Agrippa flew through his mind and then there flew hither and thither shapeless thoughts from Swedenborg on the correspondence of birds to things of the intellect and of how the creatures of the air have their knowledge and know their times and seasons because they, unlike man, are in the order of their life and have not perverted that order by reason. And for ages men had gazed upward as he was gazing at birds in flight. The colonnade above him made him think vaguely of an ancient temple and the ashplant on which he leaned wearily of the curved stick of an augur. A sense of fear of the unknown moved in the heart of his weariness, a fear of symbols and portents, of the hawklike man whose name he bore soaring out of his captivity on osier-woven wings, of Thoth, the god of writers, writing with a reed upon a tablet and bearing on his narrow ibis head the cusped moon. He smiled as he thought of the god's image, for it made him think of a bottle-nosed judge in a wig, putting commas into a document which he held at arm's length, and he knew that he would not have remembered the god's name but that it was like an Irish oath. It was folly. But was it for this folly that he was about to leave for ever the house of prayer and prudence into which he had been born and the order of life out of which he had come? They came back with shrill cries over the jutting shoulder of the house, flying darkly against the fading air. What birds were they? He thought that they must be swallows who had come back from the south. Then he was to go away? for they were birds ever going and coming, building ever an unlasting home under the eaves of men's houses and ever leaving the homes they had built to wander. Bend down your faces, Oona and Aleel, I gaze upon them as the swallow gazes Upon the nest under the eave before He wander the loud waters. A soft liquid joy like the noise of many waters flowed over his memory, and he felt in his heart the soft peace of silent spaces of fading tenuous sky above the waters, of oceanic silence, of swallows flying through the seadusk over the flowing waters. A soft liquid joy flowed through the words where the soft long vowels hurtled noiselessly, and fell away, lapping and flowing back and ever shaking the white bells of their waves in mute chime and mute peal and soft low swooning cry; and he felt that the augury he had sought in the wheeling darting birds and in the pale space of sky above him had come forth from his heart like a bird from a turret quietly and swiftly. Symbol of departure or of loneliness? The verses crooned in the ear of his memory composed slowly before his remembering eyes the scene of the hall on the night of the opening of the national theatre. He was alone at the side of the balcony, looking out of jaded eyes at the culture of Dublin in the stalls, and at the tawdry scenecloths and human dolls framed by the garish lamps of the stage. A burly policeman sweated behind him and seemed at every moment about to act. The catcalls and hisses and mocking cries ran in rude gusts round the hall from his scattered fellow-students. —A libel on Ireland! — —Made in Germany— —Blasphemy! — —We never sold our faith! — —No Irish woman ever did it! — —We want no amateur atheists.— —We want no budding Buddhists.— A sudden swift hiss fell from the windows above him and he knew that the electric lamps had been switched on in the readers' room. He turned into the pillared hall, now calmly lit, went up the staircase and passed in through the clicking turnstile. Cranly was sitting over near the dictionaries. A thick book, opened at the frontispiece, lay before him on the wooden rest. He leaned back in his chair, inclining his ear like that of a confessor to the face of the medical student who was reading to him a problem from the chess page of a journal. Stephen sat down at his right and the priest at the other side of the table closed his copy of The Tablet with an angry snap and stood up. Cranly gazed after him blandly and vaguely. The medical student went on in a softer voice: —Pawn to king's fourth.— —We had better go, Dixon—said Stephen in warning. —He has gone to complain.— Dixon folded the journal and rose with dignity, saying: —Our men retired in good order.— —With guns and cattle—added Stephen, pointing to the title-page of Cranly's book on which was written Diseases of the Ox. As they passed through a lane of the tables Stephen said: —Cranly, I want to speak to you.— Cranly did not answer or turn. He laid his book on the counter and passed out, his well-shod feet sounding flatly on the floor. On the staircase he paused and gazing absently at Dixon repeated: —Pawn to king's bloody fourth.— —Put it that way if you like—Dixon said. He had a quiet toneless voice and urbane manners and on a finger of his plump clean hand he displayed at moments a signet ring. As they crossed the hall a man of dwarfish stature came towards them. Under the dome of his tiny hat his unshaven face began to smile with pleasure and he was heard to murmur. The eyes were melancholy as those of a monkey. —Good evening, gentlemen—said the stubble-grown monkeyish face. —Warm weather for March—said Cranly.—They have the windows open upstairs.— Dixon smiled and turned his ring. The blackish monkey-puckered face pursed its human mouth with gentle pleasure, and its voice purred: —Delightful weather for March. Simply delightful. — _ —There are two nice young ladies upstairs, Captain, tired of waiting—Dixon said. Cranly smiled and said kindly: —The captain has only one love: Sir Walter Scott. Isn't that so, captain? — —What are you reading now, captain? —Dixon asked.— The Bride of Lammermoor? — —I love old Scott—the flexible lips said—I think he writes something lovely. There is no writer can touch Sir Walter Scott.— He moved a thin shrunken brown hand gently in the air in time to his praise, and his thin quick eyelids beat often over his sad eyes. Sadder to Stephen's ear was his speech: a genteel accent, low and moist, marred by errors: and, listening to it, he wondered was the story true and was the thin blood that flowed in his shrunken frame noble and come of an incestuous love? The park trees were heavy with rain and rain fell still and ever in the lake, lying grey like a shield. A game of swans flew there, and the water and the shore beneath were fouled with their green white slime. They embraced softly impelled by the grey rainy light, the wet silent trees, the shield-like witnessing lake, the swans. They embraced without joy or passion, his arm about his sister's neck. A grey woollen cloak was wrapped athwart her from her shoulder to her waist: and her fair head was bent in willing shame. He had loose redbrown hair and tender shapely strong freckled hands. Face? There was no face seen. The brother's face was bent upon her fair rain-fragrant hair. The hand freckled and strong and shapely and caressing was Davin's hand. He frowned angrily upon his thought and on the shrivelled mannikin who had called it forth. His father's gibes at the Bantry gang leaped out of his memory. He held them at a distance and brooded uneasily on his own thought again. Why were they not Cranly's hands? Had Davin's simplicity and innocence stung him more secretly? He walked on across the hall with Dixon, leaving Cranly to take leave elaborately of the dwarf. Under the colonnade Temple was standing in the midst of a little group of students. One of them cried: —Dixon, come over till you hear. Temple is in grand form.— Temple turned on him his dark gipsy eyes. —You're a hypocrite, O'Keeffe—he said.—And Dixon is a smiler. By hell, I think that's a good literary expression.— He laughed slily, looking in Stephen's face, repeating: —By hell, I'm delighted with that name. A smiler.— A stout student who stood below them on the steps said: —Come back to the mistress, Temple. We want to hear about that.— —He had, faith—Temple said.—And he was a married man too. And all the priests used to be dining there. Bv hell, I think they all had a touch.— —We shall call it riding a hack to spare the hunter— said Dixon. —Tell us, Temple—O'Keeffe said—how many quarts of porter have you in you? —? —All your intellectual soul is in that phrase, O'Keeffe —said Temple with open scorn. He moved with a shambling gait round the group and spoke to Stephen. —Did you know that the Forsters are the kings of Belgium? —he asked. Cranly came out through the door of the entrance hall, his hat thrust back on the nape of his neck and picking his teeth with care. —And here's the wiseacre—said Temple.—Do you know that about the Forsters? — He paused for an answer. Cranly dislodged a fig seed from his teeth on the point of his rude toothpick and gazed at it intently. —The Forster family—Temple said—is descended from Baldwin the First, King of Flanders. He was called the Forester. Forester and Forster are the same name. A descendant of Baldwin the First, Captain Francis Forster, settled in Ireland and married the daughter of the last chieftain of Clanbrassil. Then there are the Blake Forsters. That's a different branch.— —From Baldhead, King of Flanders.— Cranly repeated, rooting again deliberately at his gleaming uncovered teeth. —Where did you pick up all that history? —O'Keeffe asked. —I know all the history of your family too—Temple said, turning to Stephen. — Do you know what Giraldus Cambrensis says about your family? — —Is he descended from Baldwin too? —asked a tall consumptive student with dark eyes. —Baldhead—Cranly repeated, sucking at a crevice in his teeth. —Pernobilis et pervetusta familia—Temple said to Stephen. Cranly turned and said vehemently but without anger: —Goggins, you're the flamingest dirty devil I ever met, do you know.— —I had it on my mind to say that—Goggins answered firmly.—It did no one any harm, did it? — —We hope—Dixon said suavely—that it was not of the kind known to science as a paulo post futurum.— —Didn't I tell you he was a smiler? —said Temple, turning right and left.—Didn't I give him that name?— —You did. We're not deaf—said the tall consumptive. Cranly still frowned at the stout student below him. Then, with a snort of disgust, he shoved him violently down the steps. —Go away from here—he said rudely.—Go away, you stinkpot. And you are a stinkpot.— Goggins skipped down on to the gravel and at once returned to his place with good humour. Temple turned back to Stephen and asked: —Do you believe in the law of heredity? — —Are you drunk or what are you or what are you trying to say? —asked Cranly, facing round on him with an expression of wonder. —The most profound sentence ever written—Temple said with enthusiasm—is the sentence at the end of the Zoology. Reproduction is the beginning of death.— He touched Stephen timidly at the elbow and said eagerly: —Do you feel how profound that is because you are a poet? — Cranly pointed his long forefinger. —Look at him!—he said with scorn to the others— Look at Ireland's Hope! — They laughed at his words and gesture. Temple turned on him bravely, saying: —Cranly, you're always sneering at me. I can see that. But I am as good as you any day. Do you know what I think about you now as compared with myself? — —My dear man — said Cranly urbanely — you are incapable, do you know, absolutely incapable of thinking.— —But do you know — Temple went on — what I think of you and of myself compared together? — —Out with it, Temple! — the stout student cried from the steps.—Get it out in bits! — Temple turned right and left, making sudden feeble gestures as he spoke. —I'm a * * — he said, shaking his head in despair —I am, and I know I am. And I admit it that I am.— Dixon patted him lightly on the shoulder and said mildly: —And it does you every credit, Temple.— —But he—Temple said, pointing to Cranly—he is a * * , too, like me. Only he doesn't know it. And that's the only difference, I see.— A burst of laughter covered his words. But he turned again to Stephen and said with a sudden eagerness: —That word is a most interesting word. That's the only English dual number. Did you know? — —Is it? — Stephen said vaguely. He was watching Cranly's firm-featured suffering face, lit up now by a smile of false patience. The gross name had passed over it like foul water poured over an old stone image, patient of injuries: and, as he watched him, he saw him raise his hat in salute and uncover the black hair that stood up stiffly from his forehead like an iron crown. She passed out from the porch of the library, and bowed across Stephen in reply to Cranly's greeting. He also? Was there not a slight flush on Cranly's cheek? Or had it come forth at Temple's words? The light had waned. He could not see. Did that explain his friend's listless silence, his harsh comments, the sudden intrusions of rude speech with which he had shattered so often Stephen's ardent wayward confessions? Stephen had forgiven freely, for he had found this rudeness also in himself. And he remembered an evening when he had dismounted from a borrowed creaking bicycle to pray to God in a wood near Malahide. He had lifted up his arms and spoken in ecstasy to the sombre nave of the trees, knowing that he stood on holy ground and in a holy hour. And when two constabulary men had come into sight round a bend in the gloomy road, he had broken off his prayer to whistle loudly an air from the last pantomime. He began to beat the frayed end of his ashplant against the base of a pillar. Had Cranly not heard him? Yet he could wait. The talk about him ceased for a moment: and a soft hiss fell again from a window above. But no other sound was in the air and the swallows whose flight he had followed with idle eyes were sleeping. She had passed through the dusk. And therefore the air was silent save for one soft hiss that fell. And therefore the tongues about him had ceased their babble. Darkness was falling. Darkness falls from the air. A trembling joy, lambent as a faint light, played like a fairy host around him. But why? Her passage through the darkening air or the verse with its black vowels and its opening sound, rich and lutelike? He walked away slowly towards the deeper shadows at the end of the colonnade? beating the stone softly with his stick to hide his reverie from the students whom he had left: and allowed his mind to summon back to itself the age of Dowland and Byrd and Nash. Eyes, opening from the darkness of desire, eyes that dimmed the breaking East. What was their languid grace but the softness of chambering? And what was their shimmer but the shimmer of the scum that mantled the cesspool of the court of a slobbering Stuart. And he tasted in the language of memory ambered wines, dying fallings of sweet airs, the proud pavan: and saw with the eyes of memory kind gentlewomen in Covent Garden wooing from their balconies with sucking mouths and the pox-fouled wenches of the taverns and young wives that, gaily yielding to their ravishers, clipped and clipped again, The images he had summoned gave him no pleasure. They were secret and enflaming but her image was not entangled by them. That was not the way to think of her. It was not even the way in which he thought of her. Could his mind then not trust itself? Old phrases, sweet only with a disinterred sweetness like the fig seeds Cranly rooted out of his gleaming teeth. It was not thought nor vision, though he knew vaguely that her figure was passing homeward through the city. Vaguely first and then more sharply he smelt her body. A conscious unrest seethed in his blood. Yes, it was her body he smelt: a wild and languid smell: the tepid limbs over which his music had flowed desirously and the secret soft linen upon which her flesh distilled odour and a dew. A louse crawled over the nape of his neck and, putting his thumb and forefinger deftly beneath his loose collar, he caught it. He rolled its body, tender yet brittle as a grain of rice, between thumb and finger for an instant before he let it fall from him and wondered would it live or die. There came to his mind a curious phrase from Cornelius a Lapide which said that the lice born of human sweat were not created by God with the other animals on the sixth day. But the tickling of the skin of his neck made his mind raw and red. The life of his body, ill-clad, ill-fed, louse-eaten, made him close his eyelids in a sudden spasm of despair: and in the darkness he saw the brittle bright bodies of lice falling from the air and turning often as they fell. Yes; and it was not darkness that fell from the air. It was brightness. Brightness falls from the air. He had not even remembered rightly Nash's line. All the images it had awakened were false. His mind bred vermin. His thoughts were lice born of the sweat of sloth. He came back quickly along the colonnade towards the group of students. Well then let her go and be damned to her! She could love some clean athlete who washed himself every morning to the waist and had black hair on his chest. Let her. Cranly had taken another dried fig from the supply in his pocket and was eating it slowly and noisily. Temple sat on the pediment of a pillar, leaning back, his cap pulled down on his sleepy eyes. A squat young man came out of the porch, a leather portfolio tucked under his armpit. He marched towards the group, striking the flags with the heels of his boots and with the ferrule of his heavy umbrella. Then raising the umbrella in salute, he said to all: —Good evening, sirs.— He struck the flags again and tittered, while his head trembled with a slight nervous movement. The tall consumptive student and Dixon and O'Keeffe were speaking in Irish and did not answer him. Then, turning to Cranly, he said: —Good evening, particularly to you.— He moved the umbrella in indication and tittered again. Cranly, who was still chewing the fig, answered with loud movements of his jaws. —Good? Yes. It is a good evening.— The squat student looked at him seriously and shook his umbrella gently and reprovingly. —I can see—he said—that you are about to make obvious remarks.— —Um— Cranly answered, holding out what remained of the half-chewed fig and jerking it towards the squat student's mouth in sign that he should eat. The squat student did not eat it, but, indulging his special humour, said gravely, still tittering and prodding his phrase with his umbrella: —Do you intend that . . .— He broke off, pointed bluntly to the munched pulp of the fig and said loudly: —I allude to that.— —Urn— Cranly said as before. —Do you intend that now—the squat student said —as ipso facto or, let us say, as so to speak? — Dixon turned aside from his group, saying: —Goggins was waiting for you, Glynn. He has gone round to the Adelphi to look for yon and Movnihan. What have you there? — he asked, tapping the portfolio under Glynn's arm. —Examination papers—Glynn answered.—I give them monthly examinations to see that they are profiting by my tuition.— He also tapped the portfolio and coughed gently and smiled. —Tuition! —said Cranly rudely.—I suppose you mean the barefooted children that are taught by a bloody ape like you. God help them! — He bit off the rest of the fig and flung away the butt. —I suffer little children to come unto me—Glynn said amiably. —A bloody ape—Cranly repeated with emphasis —and a blasphemous bloody ape! — Temple stood up and, pushing past Cranly, addressed Glynn: —That phrase you said now—he said—is from the New Testament about suffer the children to come to me.— —Go to sleep again, Temple—said O'Keeffe. —Very well, then—Temple continued, still addressing Glynn—and if Jesus suffered the children to come why does the Church send them all to hell if they die un-baptized? Why is that? — —Were you baptized yourself, Temple? — the consumptive student asked. —But why are they sent to hell if Jesus said they were all to come? — Temple said, his eyes searching Glynn's eyes. Glynn coughed and said gently, holding back with difficulty the nervous titter in his voice and moving his umbrella at every word: —And, as you remark, if it is thus I ask emphatically whence comes this thusness.— —Because the Church is cruel like all old sinners— Temple said. —Are you quite orthodox on that point, Temple? — Dixon said suavely. —Saint Augustine says that about unbaptized children going to hell—Temple answered—because he was a cruel old sinner too.— —I bow to you—Dixon said—but I had the impression that limbo existed for such cases.— —Don't argue with him, Dixon—Cranly said brutally. —Don't talk to him or look at him. Lead him home with sugar the way you'd lead a bleating goat.— —Limbo! —Temple cried.—That's a fine invention too. Like hell.— —But with the unpleasantness left out — Dixon said. He turned smiling to the others and said: —I think I am voicing the opinions of all present in saying so much.— —You are—Glynn said in a firm tone.—On that point Ireland is united.— He struck the ferrule of his umbrella on the stone floor of the colonnade. —Hell— Temple said.—I can respect that invention of the grey spouse of Satan. Hell is Roman, like the walls of the Romans, strong and ugly. But what is limbo? — —Put him back into the perambulator, Cranly— O'Keeffe called out. Cranly made a swift step towards Temple, halted, stamping his foot, crying as if to a fowl: —Hoosh! — Temple moved away nimbly. —Do you know what limbo is? — he cried.—Do you know what we call a nation like that in Roscommon? — —Hoosh! Blast you! — Cranly cried, clapping his hands. —Neither my arse nor my elbow! —Temple cried out scornfully— And that's what I call limbo.— —Give us that stick here— Cranly said. He snatched the ashplant roughly from Stephen's hand and sprang down the steps: but Temple, hearing him move in pursuit, fled through the dusk like a wild creature, nimble and fleet-footed. Cranly's heavy boots were heard loudly charging across the quadrangle and then returning heavily, foiled and spurning the gravel at each step. His step was angry and with an angry abrupt gesture he thrust the stick back into Stephen's hand. Stephen felt that his anger had another cause, but feigning patience, touched his arm slightly and said quietly: —Cranly, I told you I wanted to speak to you. Come away.— Cranly looked at him for a few moments and asked: —Now? — —Yes, now— Stephen said —We can't speak here. Come away.— They crossed the quadrangle together without speaking. The bird-call from Siegfried whistled softly followed them from the steps of the porch. Cranly turned: and Dixon, who had whistled, called out: —Where are you fellows off to? What about that game, Cranly? — They parleyed in shouts across the still air about a game of billiards to be played in the Adelphi Hotel. Stephen walked on alone and out into the quiet of Kildare Street, opposite Maple's Hotel, he stood to wait, patient again. The name of the hotel, a colourless polished wood and its colourless front stung him like a glance of polite disdain. He stared angrily back at the softly lit drawing-room of the hotel in which he imagined the sleek lives of the patricians of Ireland housed in calm. They thought of army commissions and land agents: peasants greeted them along the roads in the country: they knew the names of certain French dishes and gave orders to jarvies in high-pitched provincial voices which pierced through their skin-tight accents. How could he hit their conscience or how cast his shadow over the imagination of their daughters, before their squires begat upon them, that they might breed a race less ignoble than their own? And under the deepened dusk he felt the thoughts and desires of the race to which he belonged flitting like bats, across the dark country lanes, under trees by the edges of streams and near the pool-mottled bogs. A woman had waited in the doorway as Davin had passed by at night and, offering him a cup of milk, had all but wooed him to her bed: for Davin had the mild eyes of one who could be secret. But him no woman's eyes had wooed. His arm was taken in a strong grip and Cranly's voice said: —Let us eke go.— They walked southward in silence. Then Cranly said: —That blithering idiot. Temple! I swear to Moses, do you know, that I'll be the death of that fellow one time.— But his voice was no longer angry, and Stephen wondered was he thinking of her greeting to him under the porch. (To be continued.) MÉTIERS DIVINS By Jean de Bosschère (Taken, by permission of the author, from " Métiers Divins," Bibliothèque de l'Occident, 1913) LE LUTHIER LA couleur du Temps et de ses patines est le brun, car nous connaissons qu'une rue d'antiquaire est brune et encore brune. Lors, c'est là que le Semeur choisit ses reposons; et sans doute parce que Temps y est honoré, s'y réfugie le luthier, charmeur qui lui tend des pièges ou s'affirmer, oiseleur du Temps, car la musique est, qui s'analyse, le Temps pris et révélé. Quand les fibres du bois ont dépouillé leurs sens de végétal, elles possèdent tous les désirs. Elles ne sont point éteintes et ne veulent point périr. Elles hérissent mille lances contre la mort. Alors, ô merveille, comme l'amante arrache aux regards de l'amant le secret que tous ses chants ne diront pas, les fibres enlacées sous l'amour du luthier lui soutirent quelques vivantes fleurs de son âme! Elles jubilent d'une âme plus comblée que le cristal, plus grave que le masque haletant de gloire autour de l'œil ouvert, plus multiple et plus harmonieuse qu'aux doigts du vent le faisceau de prèles. Le luth, dès cette minute arrivée, est un rossignol qui dort. Pourtant, son rêve répond à qui murmure dans sa chambre. Et, si vous inclinez " le doigt sur l'artifice du mystère," le luth frémit d'un rire secret, et clame que sa beauté peut s'enfouir dans le sommeil, mais que le Chant ne dort et ne dormira jamais. Jamais! car pour défoncer cet écho du Ciel, il nous faudrait tuer la Terre! Le " luthier " au crépuscule du dernier jour, finie sa réclusion avec le luth qui vient de naître, élève ce rossignol, déjà parlant de l'âme, vers le bleu de sa fenêtre ;—et l'embrassant fougueusement de ses bras, le baptise avec deux larmes de joie. Novembre 1911. PERIODICAL NOT RECEIVED Blast, edited by Wyndham Lewis. 2s. 0d. net. A better number than the first, but wholly negative. " When all the artists are quarrelling with all the other artists they have no time to produce art." When the Vorticists cease from troubling and Hueffer is at rest, they may get something done. Mr. Lewis writes brilliantly and in some cases with truth on his side; but it makes one weep to see a very talented man like Mr. Pound putting his name to such rubbish, even for a joke—the joke is stale. The designs reproduced are quite pleasant, but—not one of the Vorticists has a personal style. In literature they imitate Soffici and Guillaume Apollinaire—whose Milan manifesto, so he says, is the model for Blast—and in art Picasso and Severini. Yet it is, perhaps, absurd to lean too much upon these points because only a country artistically alive ever invents anything. Meanwhile, Mr. Lewis is doing good work in familiarizing (?) a section of the English public with an interesting phase of modern art—oven though that art be founded on a fallacy. We have no particular faith in the Blastites, but we are with them in some things, especially in their fight against the cultivated " obstructionists " and their supporters. The idiotic things written about Blast do prove how hopeless the ignorance of art in England is—these remarks are possibly a confirmation of that statement. CORRESPONDENCE FLATTERY AND VIOLENCE To the Editor, The Egoist. Madam,—Miss Marsden in the last issue of The Egoist tells us that Flattery and Violence are the two axles upon which turn the entire conduct of life, and that " Flattery alternates and intertwines with Violence as a means of governing and controlling the world of men." I should like to point to a forgotten third, surely not far behind flattery in importance, but one to which Miss Marsden makes no allusion. I refer to the phenomenon of nagging—in its more pronounced aspects as " bullying." I should say that it is Flattery and Nagging—the two opposite halves of persuasion—that alternate with one another, and that it is only in the last resort, when both have been applied, turn and turn about, and have failed, that recourse is had to violence, physical force. The British method of obtaining recruits since the outbreak of the war will supply ample illustration of what I mean. The British Government, not feeling equal to raising and equipping an army by force, i.e. by compulsory service (whether for the actual fighting army or for all or any subsidiary services necessary to its equipment and maintenance) fell back on the method of persuasion, i.e. of Flattery and Nagging, which together constitute what goes by the name of voluntary service. First Flattery was tried: " We won't force you to go, but we would not have you forget of what importance you are. Are you not aware that every recruit means quicker victory? " Then the second method, Nagging. From Lord Kitchener's speech on July 9: " Granted that legally you need only go if you choose, is it not morally up to you to choose to go? If you are only ready to go when fetched where is the merit of that? Where is the patriotism of it? Are you only going to do your duty when the law says you must? It is not for me to tell you your duty; that is a matter for your conscience. But make up your minds and do so quickly." As a humble instance of the value of Nagging as a means of compulsion I will quote from my own experience. A charwoman I know, a widow, has her younger son at the front, while the elder, a somewhat nervous and delicate youth, remains at home as a grocer's assistant. And this is how many of the lady customers greet him each morning: " What, you still here? Where is your courage, young man, young coward I should say? " following up by a threat of withdrawal of custom from the shop. Finally the wretched youth in desperation obtains another billet only to find the experience repeated, and he is now expecting shortly to find himself enlisting as a " voluntary " recruit. Therefore it seems to me that exclusive of force, Nagging comes a very good second to Flattery as an instrument of government. Josephine Wright. [The above letter is referred to in the article, " The Gentle Art of 'Appreciation,' " in the current issue.—Ed.] THE POETS' TRANSLATION SERIES THE object of the editors of this series is to present a number of translations of Greek and Latin poetry and prose, especially of those authors who are less frequently given in English. This literature has too long been the property of pedagogues, philologists and professors. Its human qualities have been obscured by the wranglings of grammarians, who love it principally because to them it is so safe and so dead. But to many of us it is not dead. It is more alive, more essential, more human than anything we can find in contemporary English literature. The publication of such classics, in the way we propose, may help to create a higher standard for poetry than that which prevails, and a higher standard of appreciation of the writers of antiquity, who have suffered too long at the hands of clumsy metrists. We do not deny that there are many good translations in English of classical writers—-Lang's " Homer " and " Theokritos," Mackail's Anthology " or Adlington's "Apuleius," for instance; but too often such works are lonely and austerely expensive. THE POETS' TRANSLATION SERIES will appear first in "The Egoist" (starting September 1st) and will then be reprinted and issued as small pamphlets, simple and inexpensive, so that none will buy except to read. The translations will be done by poets whose interest in their authors will be neither conventional nor frigid. The translators will take no concern with glosses, notes, or any of the apparatus with which learning smothers beauty. They will endeavour to give the words of these Greek and Latin authors as simply and as clearly as may be. Where the text is confused, they will use the most characteristic version; where obscure, they will interpret. The first six pamphlets, when bound together, will form a small collection of unhackneyed poetry, too long buried under the dust of pedantic scholarship. They range over a period of two thousand years of literature—a proof of the amazing vitality of the Hellenic tradition. If this venture has the success its promotors look for, other similar and possibly larger pamphlets will be issued. 1. (Ready September) The complete poems (25) of Anyte of Tegea, now brought together in English for the first time: translated by Richard Aldington. (8 pages) 2d. (2 1/2 d. post free). 2. (Ready October) An entirely new version of the poems and new fragments, together with the more important of the old fragments, of Sappho: translated by Edward Storer. (12 pages) 4d. (4 1/2 d. post free). 3. Choruses from the " Rhesos " of Euripides: translated by H. D. 4. A choice of the Latin poetry of the Italian Renaissance, many now translated for the first time, by Richard Aldington. 5. The Poems of Leonidas of Tarentum, now collected —and many translated for the first time in English: by James Whitall. 6. The " Mosella " of Ausonius, translated by F. S. Flint. All the pamphlets—except the first—will be twelve pages long and cost fourpence; 4 1/2 d. post free. The series of six 2s. post free. The pamphlets will be issued monthly. To be obtained from: The Egoist, Oakley House, Blooms-bury Street, W.C., or from Richard Aldington, 7 Christ Church Place, Hampstead, N.W. Peasant Pottery Shop 41 Devonshire Street, Theobalds Road, W.C. (Close to Southampton Row) Interesting British and Continental: Peasant Pottery on sale: Brightly coloured plaited felt Rugs BACK NUMBERS OF The New Freewoman and The Egoist containing Remy de Gourmont's novel, "The Horses of Diomedes " (Aug. 15th, 1913—March 1st, 1914), and James Joyce's "A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man " (begun Feb. 2nd, 1914). Unobtainable Elsewhere. Containing also prose by: Dora Marsden, Richard Aldington, Pet*r Altenburg (translated), H. Gaudier-Brzeska, Huntly Carter, Madame Ciolkowska, John Cournos, F. S. Flint, Remy de Gourmont (translated), Frances Gregg, Leigh Henry (music), Ford Madox Hueffer, R. W. Kauffman, Comte de Leautrèamont (translated), Wyndham Lewis, Harold Monro, M. Montagu-Nathan (music), Ezra Pound, Benjamin Tucker, Allen Upward, Rebecca West, and many others. Poetry by: Richard Aldington, Skipwith Cannell, H.D., John Gould Fletcher, F. S. Flint, Robert Frost, Paul Fort (in French), D. H. Lawrence, Amy Lowell, Ezra Pound, J. Rodker, May Sinclair, W. C. Williams, and others both English and French. To be obtained from the Publishing Office: OAKLET HOUSE. BLOOMSBURY STREET, LONDON, U.c. Price 6 1/2 per copy (post free); U.S.A. 15 cents. EDITORIAL. Letters, andc., intended for the Editor should be addressed to Oakley House, Bloomsbury Street, London, W.C. TERMS OF SUBSCRIPTION. Yearly, 6/6; U.S.A. $1.60. Six months, 3/3; U.S.A. S .80. Three months 1/9; U.S.A. $ .40. Single copies 7d., post free to all countries. Cheques, postal and money orders, andc, should be payable to The New Freewoman, Ltd., and crossed " Parr's Bank, Bloomsbury Branch." ADVERTISEMENT RATES. Per page £4. Quarter page £1 Is. Od. Per inch, single column, 4s. Half rates after first insertion. All advertisements must be prepaid. THE LITTLE REVIEW Literature, Drama, Music, Art MARGARET C. ANDERSON, Editor The new monthly that has been called " the most unique journal in existence. THE LITTLE REVIEW is a magazine that believes in Life for Arts sake, in the Individual rather than in Incomplete People, in an Age of Imagination rather than of Reasonableness; a magazine interested in Past, Present, and Future, but particularly in the New Hellenism; a magazine written for Intelligent People who can Feel, whose philosophy is Applied Anarchism, whose policy is a Will to Splendour of Life, and whose function is—to express itself. One Year, U.S.A., $1.50; Canada, $1.65; Great Britain, 7/- THE LITTLE REVIEW 917 Fine Arts Building, Chicago, U.S.A. Enclosed find Seven Shillings for one year's subscription, beginning........................... Name............................................................ Address......................................................... SUBSCRIBE FOR POETRY Edited by HARRIET MONROE A Magazine of Verse One Year (12 Numbers) U.S.A. $1.50; Canada, $1.65; Great Britain, 7I- " The best Magazine—by far—in the English language."—PADRAIC COLUM. Poetry publishes the best verse now being written in English, and its prose section contains brief articles on subjects connected with the art, also reviews of the new verse. Most of the Imagists represented in The Egoist of May ist were first published in Poetry, which has introduced more new poets of importance than all the other American magazines combined, besides publishing the work of poets already distinguished. The only magazine devoted exclusively to this art. Subscribe at once—the April number begins Vol. VI. POETRY, 543 Cass Street, Chicago, U.S.A. Enclosed find Seven Shillings for one year's sub-cription, beginning..............................................________________ Name.................................................................................................. Address................................................................................................ THE DRAMA A Quarterly devoted to the Development of a Wide and Intelligent Interest in Drama Each issue of THE DRAMA contains a translation of a complete play These plays, not otherwise accessible in English, represent especially the leading dramatists of the Continent THE DRAMA, in addition, devotes attention to modern stagecraft, new types of theatre building, organizations for drama reform, and all pertinent subjects Single copies, seventy-five cents Yearly Subscription, three dollars 736 MARQUETTE BUILDING, CHICAGO Printed by Ballantyne, Hanson and Co. Ltd.. Tavistock Street, Covent Garden, W.C, and published by the 1 proprietors The New Fbeewoman, Ltd., at Oakley House, Bloomsbury Street, London, W.Ç.