The Crisis . THE CRISIS To sin by silence when we should protest makes cowards out of men. The human race has climbed on protest Wilcox, 1917 MARCH President Executive Officers MOORFIELD STOREY DR. J. E. SPINGARN, Chairman of Board Vice-Presidents OSWALD GARRISON VILLARD, Treasurer ARCHIBALD II. GRIMKE DR. W. E. B. DU BOIS, Director of Publications and REV. JOHN HAYNES HOLMES ROY NASH, Secretary BISHOP JOHN HURST JOHN E. MILHOLLAND .MARY WHITE OVINGTON JAMES WELDON JOHNSON, Field Secretary OSWALD GARRISON VILLARD NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE DIRECTORS Chicago Washington New York JANE ADDAMS PROF. GEO. WILLIAM COOK REV. HUTCHINS C. BISHOP DR. C. E. BENTLEY MRS. FLORENCE KELLEY Brooklyn Boston PAUL KENNADAY JOSEPH PRINCE LOUD DR. V. MORTON JONES CHARLES EDWARD RUSSELL DR. O. M. WALLER BUTLER R. WILSON ARTHUR B. SPINGARN Baltimore New Haven CHARLES H. STUDIN BISHOP JOHN HURST GEORGE W. CRAWFORD DR. F. N. CARDOZO DR. JOHN G. UNDERHILL Springfield, Mass. Philadelphia LILLIAN D. WALD REV. G. R. WALLER DR. WILLIAM A. SINCLAIR WILLIAM ENGLISH WALLING The fight for 1917 is to be against DISFRANCHISEMENT and JIM CROW CARS. If this is your fight, join and support us. Date , 1917. Membership Blank The Crisis is sent without further charge to members paying two dollars or more. OSWALD GARRISON VILLARD, Treasurer, 70 Fifth Avenue, New York. SIR : I desire to become a member of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People and to receive The Crisis. In payment of my dues for one year, I enclose dollars. Name Street $ City and State Mention THE CRISIS THE CRISIS A RECORD OF THE DARKER RACES PUBLISHED MONTHLY BY THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE. AT 70 FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK CITY. CONDUCTED BY W. E. BURGHARDT DU BOISj AUGUSTUS GRANVILLE DILL, BUSINESS MANAGER Contents Copyrighted, 1917, by the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People Contents for March, 1917 PICTURES Page COVE R DESIGN. By Louise Latimer TH E NE W DUNBA R HIG H SCHOOL , WASHINGTON , D. C. Photograph by Scurlock 221 ME N O F TH E MONT H 228 SHADOW S O F LIGH T 230-232 CARTOON . By E. A . Harleston 247 ARTICLES O SEA, THAT KNOWEST THY STRENGTH. A Poem. By Mary Effie Lee 219 THE NEW DUNBAR HIGH SCHOOL, WASHINGTON, D. C. By J. C. Wright 220 TO THE DUNBAR HIGH SCHOOL. A Sonnet. By Angelina W. Grimke 222 HEROES OF DEATH 223 THE HEGIRA. A Poem. By G. Douglas Johnson 225 DEPARTMENTS EDITORIAL 215 THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE 226 MEN OF THE MONTH 227 THE LOOKING GLASS 233 THE HORIZON 240 THE APRIL CRISIS—EASTER NUMBER A beautiful cover by a well-known artist. One of the strongest stories which we have ever published. A poem by Otto Bohanan. Some unusual pictures. And Editorials—what more need we say? TEN CENTS A COPY; ONE DOLLAR A YEAR FOREIGN SUBSCRIPTIONS TWENTY-FIVE CENTS EXTRA RENEWALS: The date of expiration of each subscription is printed on the wrapper. When the subscription is due, a blue renewal blank is enclosed. CHANGE OF ADDRESS: The address of a subscriber can be changed as often as desired. In ordering a change of address, both the old and the new address must be given. Two weeks' notice is required. MANUSCRIPTS and drawings relating to colored people are desired. They must be accompanied by return postage. If found unavailable they will be returned. Entered as Second-class Matter in the Post Office at New York. N. Y. 212 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER The NATIONAL TRAINING SCHOOL "l cordially commend the school's interest and needs to all who believe in the Negro race and in our obligation to help promote its intellectual, moral and religious uplift." REV. DR. CHARLES H. PARKHURST, New York City. IT IS MORE THAN A MERE SCHOOL IT IS A COMMUNITY OF SERVICE AND UPLIFT Its influence is destined to be felt in all sections of the country in improved Negro community life wherever our trained workers locate. Settlement workers, missionaries for home and foreign mission fields, Y. M. C. A. and Y. W. C. A. secretaries and district nurses receive a comprehensive grasp of their studies under a Wellesley graduate and experienced coworkers and actual every- day practice through the school's SOCIAL SERVICE DEPARTMENT. A HIGH STANDARD COLLEGE DEPARTMENT has now been established. We aim also to create a better qualified ministry. Industrial training, advanced literary branches, business school. Thirty-two acres; ten modern buildings; healthful location. We can accommodate a few more earnest, ambitious students. Communities requiring social workers should write us. School Term Opened Oct. 4, 1916 For catalog and detailed information, address: PRESIDENT JAMES E. SHEPARD NATIONAL TRAINING SCHOOL DURHAM, N. C. The A. &amp; T. Summer THE CHEYNEY TRAINING School SCHOOL FOR TEACHERS CHEYNEY, PENNA. Eighteenth Annual Session be For reasonably mature students who have gins June 25, 1917, and continues a good secondary school preparation, and who five weeks. Two weeks' Instidesire to become teachers, courses are offered during the regular term in academic tute also. work, domestic science, domestic art, phys ical training, elementary school methods, Growing older, better and wood and metal working, and agriculture. stronger. Last summer applicaBoard and laundry privileges for the year $100. Fall term begins Wednesday,September tions greatly exceeded capacity. Teachers, therefore, should send The Summer School for Teachers, from Registration Fee and secure July 5 to August 2 inclusive, will this year offer primary methods, English, mathematics, lodging in advance. history, civics and geography, plain sewing and dressmaking, raffia work and basketry, art needle work, cookery, wood and metal For terms, catalog" or other working, physical training, and gardening. information, address Dormitory space is limited, and applications should be made early. Cost for the four President J. B. Dudley, weeks $15,00. Agricultural &amp; Technical College, For further information write to LESLIE PINCKNEY HILL, Greensboro, N. C. Principal. Mention TH E CRISIS 213 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Atlanta University Is beautifully located in the City of Atlanta, Ga. The courses of study include High School, Normal School and College, with manual training and domestic science. Among the teachers are graduates of Yale, Harvard, Dartmouth and Wellesley. Forty-seven years of successful work have been completed. Students come from all parts of the South. Graduates are almost universally successful. For further information address President EDWARD T. WARE ATLANTA, GA. Knoxville College Beautiful Situation. Healthful Location. The Best Moral and SpiritualEnvironment.A Splendid Work. Offers full courses in the following departments: College, Normal, High School, Grammar School and Industrial. Good water, steam heat, electric lights, good drainage. Expenses very reasonable. Fall Term Began September 21,1916 For information address President R. W. Mc GRANAHAN KNOXVILLE, TENN. STRAIGHT COLLEGE New Orleans, La. Situated on the main thoroughfare of the largest city of the South. Thorough training in High School, Teachers' Course and College, with special work in Music and Manual Training. Teachers represent some of the best universities country. For full information, address J. T. Cater, Registrar. TOUGALOO COLLEGE MISSISSIPPI "The best school for Negroes in the State"— Bishop Theodore D. Bratton. COLLEGE Regular Four Year A. B. Course Two Year Teacher Training Course ACADEMY Choice of Seven Courses—College Preparatory, Agricultural, Mechanical, Home Economics, Commercial, Pedagogical, Musical. Out in the country. Expenses low. Write President W. T. HOLMES Tougaloo, Hinds County, Mississippi. MOREHOUSE COLLEGE (Formerly Atlanta Baptist College) ATLANTA, GA College, Academy, Divinity School An institution famous within recent years for its emphasis on all sides of manly development—the only institution in the far South devoted solely to the education of Negro young men. Graduates given high ranking by greatest northern universities. Debating, Y. M. C. A., athletics, all live features. For information address JOHN HOPE, President WILEY UNIVERSITY IntellectualAtmosphere. MARSHALL, TEXAS Recognized as a college of the First Class by Texas and Louisiana State Boards of Education. Harvard, Yale and Columbia represented on its faculty; students gathered from ten different states. Strongest Music Department in the West M. W. DOGAN, President FISK UNIVERSITY NASHVILLE, TENN. Founded 1866 Thorough Literary, Scientific, Educational, Musical and Social Science Courses. Pioneer in Negro music. Special study in Negro life. Ideal and sanitary buildings and grounds. Well-equipped Science building. Christian home life. i High standard of independent manhood and womanhood. For literature, etc., write FAYETTE AVERY McKENZIE, President and music conservatories of the Morris Brown University Atlanta, Ga. Co-Educational The largest institution of learning in the South owned and controlled by Negroes. Faculty of specialists, trained in some of the best universities in the North and in the South. Noted for high standard of scholarship; industrial emphasis and positive Christian influence. Well equipped dormitories; sane athletics under faculty supervision. Expenses reasonable. Location central and healthful. Departments: Theology, College, Preparatory, Normal, Commercial, Musical, Domestic Science, Nurse Training, Sewing, Printing and Tailoring. First Semester began Sept. 28th, 1916. For further information address W. A. FOUNTAIN, President BISHOP J. 8. FLIPPER, Chairman Trustee Board. Mention TH E CRISIS 214 	THE CRISIS ADVERTISER " FIFTY YEARS OF MEMORABLE HISTORY" TALLADEGA COLLEGE REV. F. A. SUMNER, M . A., President 600 students, 40 teachers, 800 acres of land, 20 buildings, electric lights, steam heat, hot and cold water, steam laundry, single beds, good board. Biological, chemical, physical and agricultural laboratories, library of 16,000 volumes, athletic field, modern hospital. Special features: Moderate expense, high standards, high-grade instruction, wholesome student spirit, positive Christian atmosphere. Courses based on Carnegie standards: B.A. degree for courses in Education, Science, Classics. B.D. degree for Theology. Additional courses: Conservatory of Music, Preparatory, Domestic Science, Domestic Arts, Agriculture, Bible Institute, Nurse Training, the Industries. Graduates prominent in varied activities, and accepted for postgraduate work at Yale, ^Harvard, and similar institutions. For catalog and information address L. T. LARSEN, Dean Room 21, The College Talladega, Alabama THE FLORIDA A. &amp; M. COLLEGE Tallahassee, Florida Offers long and short courses in Mechanic Arts, in Home Economics, in Agriculture, in Education and in Science. For Catalog Address NATHAN B. YOUNG, President P. O. DRAWER 524 ST. MARY'S SCHOOL An Episcopal boarding school for girls, under the direction of the Sisters of St. Mary. Address: THE SISTER-IN-CHARGE 609 N. 43d St W. Philadelphia, Pa. Correct Calling Cards POPULAR STYLES FOR LADIES OR GENTLEMEN, IOO FOR 50 CENTS OR 50 FOR 30 CENTS, NO EXTRA CHARGE FOR ADDRESS. ALL ORDERS FILLED PROMPTLY. ATTRACTIVE PROPOSITION FOR AGENTS. WRITE FOR SAMPLES AND TERMS THE HOUSE OF CHOWNING INDIANAPOLIS. INDIANA ROLAND W. HAYES, Tenor Recitals Concerts Oratorio Opera "An unusually good voice. The natural quality is beautiful. It is a luscious yet manly voice. Mr. Haves sings freely and with good taste."—Philip Hale, in the Boston Herald. "A voice of unusual sweetness and calibre.' Stenography Typewriting Book-keepin? THE STENOGRAPHERS' INSTITUTE 1.	 Short Courses in Typewriting 2.	 Shorthand made as easy as A. B. C. 3.	 Brief Courses in Practical Book-keeping We	 typewrite Letters, Postal Cards, Wills; fill in Deeds and multigraph Circular Letters cheap. EDWARD T. DUNCAN, President 1227 SO. 17TH STREET, PHILADELPHIA, PA. MME. BRIDGES' SCHOOL OF French Dressmaking. Ladies' Tailoring and Millinery. Bridges System. Special Courses in Designing, Copying, Draping, Making, Trimming, Finishing, Cutting and Fitting. Special reduction in tuition given to students entering in groups of three or more or to one student taking two or more consecutive courses. Individual Instruction. A Bridges Diploma means something to you. 448 E . 35th St. Chicago, 111. The Colored Teacher A Practical Educational Journal containing A Department of Methods and Practical Helps for Teachers; a Department of Rural Education; and a Department of Current Educational News, conducted by the best trained teachers; besides Editorials, etc. $1.00 per year, 10 cents per copy. Agents wanted. Address The Colored Teacher, Box 22, Wilberforce, Ohio. A	 live agency furnishes the TEACHERS connecting medium in a business way between teachers and schools and relieves teachers of the embarrassment of job hunting. We have had calls for teachers from Alabama, Arkansas, Delaware, District of Columbia, Florida, Georgia. Illinois, Indiana, Kansas. Kentucky, Maryland, Mississippi, Missouri, New York, North Carolina, Ohio, Oklahoma, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia and West Virginia. —Chattanooga Times. THE MUTUAL TEACHERS' AGENCY Address 3 WARWICK ST.. BOSTON. MASS. 1403 New York Avenue Washington, D. C. Mention TH E CRISIS T H E CRISIS Vol. 13-No. 5 MARCH, 1917 Whole No. 77 Editorial THE WORLD LAST MONTH CIVILIZATION IN THE SOUTH ANOTHE R revolution in Russia AN interesting exchange of letmystifies the world and makes ters has appeared in the New us wonder whether theGerman menace in which followed a has York Nation is to be Canadian take by a Russian menace or no. "The to task for lynching and for its Kin g of France marched up the hill pretended excuses for lynching. A with twice ten thousand men," and Texan has hotly replied that the culthen, under the lead of General ture of the South must not be accused Pershing, marched down again from of dishonesty nor made responsible an aimless expedition, with an aimless for southern barbarities. To which end, and with only the bravery of the Canadian replies: "If 'editors, the black soldier to save the whole preachers, lawyers, teachers, indeed, thing from contempt. Congress is all the professional classes, and all looking for the dishonesty of Business business men of consequence,' are as in Politics and is likely to find it degenuinely indignant as your corresspite manifest unwillingness.last, over the President's veto, A t  immipondent supposes, the influence of these persons must be painfully small. gration has been restricted chiefly by keeping out those who have not had the opportunity to learn to read and write. We have embraced new An d unfortunately it is the common man who counts. It is he who determines the selection of a governor. It is he whose pressure upon the admincitizens in the Danish West Indies istration decides whether or not the and will place them beside "citizens" in our other island possessions who have responsibilities and no rights. Cuban Conservatives and American business men are likely to count the Liberals out of power despite the fact that the Liberals evidently won majesty of the law shall be protected. It is he who pours petroleum upon the body of an unpopular Negro. An d the whole point of my contention was that the common man of Georgia or Texas has a very different feeling towards the lyncher from that of common men elsewhere." the last election. An d finally, having been lifted on the wings of Peace, This brings out the real dilemma of we are plunged toward the shadow of those who would interpret the present the horror of war, nineteen hundred South. Is the South a land of barand seventeen years after the birth barism leavened with culture, or a of the Prince of Peace, and with the land of culture leavened with barchurches helpless. barism? If we accept the former explanation we can explain lynching. After all Peace is Justice, and Injustice is War, whether it bear belchingIt is a barbaric outburst and survival, gun and against it the better elements of 216 THE CRISIS the South are gradually making headmodern, civilized community? Is it way and gaining strength. But they not rather true that the former slave are not yet strong enough to overstates stand today at least three hundcome it. Yet this rational explanared years behind the civilized world tion makes the Southerners furious. in all essential social and economic "No!" they yell, "The South is a centhought? And that outside of a very ter of culture and civilization. It few progressive whites, their only is really one of the most civilized really modern, forward-looking class parts of the globe. It is 'pure' in its is the educated Negro ? blood and ideals and suited and able to lead the world." But, if this is HAITI so, what about lynching and lawlessness? What sort of a culture is it ON November 26, there apthat cannot control itself in the most peared in the ChicagoRecord-Herald an fundamental of human relations, that is given over to mobs, reactionary Haiti. It was written by legislation and cruel practices? "Tom Peete Cross, Ph. D." It was a scurrilous pack of degrading mis That the "culture" of the South is statements, accusing the Haitians of thus shot through with barbarism can barbaric orgies and accompanied by easily be proven. A white woman, sensational pictures. The following whose letter the Columbia State feels correspondence has taken place con compelled to publish, gives the followcerning the libel: ing reasons for the lynching of a wealthy colored man: She does not "It is an outrage that the University, I believe in lynching, but (1) Crawford would not let certain classes of connected with. Not only has Dr. Negroes enter his house; (2) Crawford hired Negroes who were work Cross expressed opinions ludicrous ing for white people; (3) Crawford in a scholar and contradicted himself was "insolent" toward whites; (4) in ways little creditable to a teacher Negroes in general had their pockets of English, but even assuming as one full of money and would not work; must that he did not contribute head (5) That for the above reasons this lines and pictures, he has lent himself lynching may have "prevented some to the grossest and most libelous kind more serious trouble." of newspaper misrepresentation of another people at a time when our relations to that people are extraordiA letter from a white man in New narily strained and subject to critiKent, Ya., to the RichmondTimes-Dispatch says: "How would they cism, to criticism both at home and like to have their wives and daughters abroad. The article is, of course, out in the cotton fields? Somebody the most unscrupulous kind of propmust do the work and the Negro is aganda for drastic control by the fitted by nature for it. Al l the rough United States or for annexation." manual labor in the South, and much in the North, is done by him. No "I have travelled in Haiti (Dr. white man will do it if he can possibly Cross, I infer, has not) and I have avoid it; and education totally unfits appreciated the sensitiveness of its anybody for it." gracious people. A t a time when our relations to the Haitians are particuWe ask in all honesty. Does the larly strained and subject to criticism thing which the South calls culture, both at home and abroad, it seems and yet which stands for sentiments doubly unfortunate for a scholar to like those above, represent really a be guilty of international immorality EDITORIAL 217 and to lend himself thus to the an nexationist tricks of yellow journal ism. "Elsie Clews Parsons." CONTRADICTION ONE of the methods which the South has long used in an swering criticism of the North is a cool denial of the accusations. It was Henry Grady who in Boston some years ago said when asked why the Negro vote was suppressed, "It is not suppressed." This method is not quite as popular to-day as formerly but it still persists, as the following show: There is a place Ever since its ocin the South for the currence I have felt Negro and there alimpelled to give ways will be. But some public expresthe people of the sion of my condemSouth never will try nation of the to force the black course of the police man to stay on this force in the recent side of the Mason arrest at the Union and Dixon line. And Station of a large any talk about the number of unoffendNegro being unable ing Negroes, solely to buy a ticket to the because they intendNorth is sheerest ed to go to another tommyrot and is unstate in pursuit of worthy of publicawork. They were tion in a -journal not charged with with the high standany crime ; they ing universallyattributed towere not guilty the  of Christian Science any offense. No Monitor.—Beaumont, Tex., Enterwarrant had been prise. sworn out. Their arrest and incarcer ation were wholly without justification or excuse, in law or in right. —Judge S. B. Adams in the Savannah Morning News. have yet to hear Holding back the a true Southerner returns in the black speak other than in belt, counting whata kindly way of the ever vote was necesblack race, and, sary to overcome opwhere they deserve position majorities such honorable recin othe r districts, ognition, have ever was once the plan of been allowe d the the Democratic mahim to go to the devil present method elim in his own good way. inates practically all A Southerner in the blacks, and has _ so Milwaukee, Wis. , operated in reducing Sentinel. the electorate of ru ral whites that mi nority government is a walk-over for the machine. — ASoutherner in the New York Evening Globe. Albert Woodruff We hope and trust Gray, who is de that our leading men will get together at scribed by theSpartanburgHerald as an early date to see a "Wall Street atif some remedy can torney and capitalbe found for the reist" attended the lief of the many inpolice court there offensive Negroes voluntarily the other who are constantly morning to inspect arrested upon the the treatment of the most frivolous pre Negro lawbreaker text by country con therein. He was stables, carried be muc h impressed fore some magistrate with what he saw and told to "submit and said that "the and pay the cost." white man in New It is an undeniable York does not have fact that laborers the same fair treatare afraid to come ment that the Negro to Nashville on ac does here. I had the count of the fear impression that the they have of these Negro did not have watchful minions of a fair chance in the the law (?) who South, but this has seem to watch every been entirely reavenue of ingress in order to arrest some moved since I have ignorant Negro.— attended the sessions Nashville, Tenn., of your recorder's Globe (colored). court."— Greenville, S. C., News. They are devoted For God's sake and faithful to their urge our people to white people, and in leave these lawless return their white sections, and tell our people love them in people in the North a way that northern to receive kindly people cannotunderstand. — A Southern  oppressed these poorwoman in the New fugitives. — AnonyYork Sun. mous letter in the Baltimore Afro- American. THE CRISIS DESPIT E our known modesty we venture to emphasize cer tain matters in the history of right of franchise. chine in theSouthern States. Contests The Negro is a lazy, for seats in Congress the CRISIS which were dis trifling, incompetent, caused this system good-natured child, closed in the annual report but pos to give way to the and the worst thing present disfranchisesibly lost sight of in the mass of de that the South has ment method. This done was to allow tails. 213 THE The Crisis Founded—November, 1911 (without capital, save that an editor and office rent were furnished free). 1912—Average monthly net-paid circulation—22,000 copies. 1915— Average monthly net-paid circulation—32,156 copies. 1916— Average monthly net-paid circulation—37,625 copies. (Our circulation books are open to interested parties.) 1914— CRISIS self-supporting except one-half salary of the editor. 1915— CRISIS entirely self-supporting, paying all salaries, rent, and costs. 1916— CRISIS self-supporting and entirely out of debt. Excuse this crowing. We cannot help it. We feel that way. Next: Will you not help us to write on this record: "1917—Net-paid circulation, 50,000?" If every other reader will secure us one new subscriber by July 1. the thing is done. Will you promise? If so, drop us a postal card. ENGLAND AND THE NEGRO A BUMPTIOUS coloredspondenttaken thedaring to corre from Canada has  CRISIS to task for  criticize England's attitude toward the Negro. At the same time, there come to us several extremely interesting communications. For instance, Dr. Wilfred Duhaney, of Kingston, Jamaica, CRISIS tion of the dictation test prescribed by the Commonwealth Immigration Act, 1901-1912. "This test mayEuropean languageof the officer whointended to act as be applied in an  at the discretion  applies it and is a bar to the en trance of colored immigrants. "The department has no authority to express any opinion as to whether an alteration of the law relating to the subject will be made after the close of the war, but it appears unlikely." Sir H . H . Johnston, writing in the New Statesman says: "It is a scandal when we think of the high ideals of the British Empire, so much mouthed on platforms by ministers who know nothing whatever by actual experience of our colonies, that there is no university in any part of British Africa (except, perchance, Egypt and the Sudan) wherein a black man or a colored man, a Negro or a Negroid, can pursue his education on the highest planes and acquire those degrees as doctor of medicine, surgeon, lawyer, scientist, or musician, which are con sidered absolutely necessary for the lawful practicing of certain careers." And finally, a student of medcine at McGill University, Canada, writes: "In the present crisis, a great number of Negroes from Canada, the West Indies and Africa are shedding their blood in the allied armies for the maintenance and further development of the British Empire. One writes that on applying to the Department of Immigration, Australia, he can hardly conceive that the medical was officially informed that the High Commissioner "is now in receipt of a reply from the Minister regretting that he is unable to see his way to grant authority to you to enter and remain permanently in Australia. I am to explain that the matter of admission of colored immigrants into Australia is regulated by the applicadepartment of the most distinguished university in Canada, an integral part of the British Empire, a democratic country, would debar British Negroes who had satisfied their matriculation requirements, and who had received permission to come over for the 1916-17 session. Yet this is what has been practically done for they have told all of the colored men O SEA, THAT KNOWEST THY STRENGTH who matriculated this year that they would admit them with this proviso: 'They must leave at the end of their third year as the university cannot give them their full clinical work on account of the objection to their presence in the hospitals by their governors on account of their color.' " We would humbly suggest that our Canadian friend use some of his explosive force at home. THE TUSKEGEE RESOLUTIONS AS to the resolutions of the Tuskegee conference touching the migration of Negro labor to the North the CRISIS confesses itself to have been in a quandary for the simple reason that we did not know what the resolutions said. A telegram to Tuskegee has brought the full text just as we go to press. The southern white papers assert editorially and in their news columns that the chief burden of the Tuskegee resolutions is advice to the Negro not to migrate from the South. From this advice, it goes without saying, that the CRISIS absolutely dissents. On the other hand, certain spokesmen for Tuskegee assert that the resolutions simply deprecate any mass movement of Negro labor and call for better treatment on the part of the South. As a matter of fact, the Tuskegee resolutions may be thus analyzed: out of fifteen inches of printed matter the following subjects are treated: The Boll-Weevil and Floods, one inch; "Advice to remain in the South," five inches; "Diversified Farming," one and one-half inches; " A Plea to the South in Behalf of the Negro," two and one-half inches; "Lack of Enforcement of the Law," one-half inch; "Congratulating the South and Urging Co-operation of Races," three and one-half inches. With the subject matter of the various resolutions we have no quarrel. In few cases do we dissent from the statements, taken by themselves; but we do solemnly believe that any system of Negro leadership that today devotes ten times as much space to the advantages of living in the South as it gives to lynching and lawlessness is inexcusably blind. O SEA, THAT KNOWEST THY STRENGTH BY MARY EFFIE LEE HAST thou been known to sing, O sea, that knowest thy strength? Hast thou been known to sing? Thy voice, can it rejoice? Naught save great sorrowing. To me, thy sounds incessant Do express, naught save great sorrowing. Thy lips, they daily kiss the sand In wanton mockery. Deep in thine awful heart Thou dost not love the land. Thou dost not love the land, O sea, that knowest thy strength. "These sands, these listless, helpless, Sun-gold sands, I'll play with these, Or crush them in my white-fanged hands For leagues, to please The thing in me that is the Sea, Intangible, untamed, Untamed and wild, And wild and weird and strong!" THE NEW DUNBAR HIGH SCHOOL, WASHINGTON, D. C. By J. C. WRIGHT AFTER purchasing their freedom, George Bell, Nicholas Franklin and Moses Liverpool came to the District of Columbia, and in 1807 erected a one-story frame school house for the education of colored people. This school was placed under the charge of a white teacher, and two years later, in 1809, the first colored teacher opened her school. proportion as the number of colored children and seventeen should bear to the white children of like age. In 1870 the High School was organized. It was first located in the basement of the Presbyterian Church, then it was moved to Stevens, from there to Summer, later to Miner, then to M street, where it remained until the erection of the present Dunbar The total Negro population of Washington at this time was 1,498; and as only 494 High School. When organized the school were free colored people, including about 125 children, only this number could take advantage of the provisions made by the founders of the school, it being a crime to teach slaves. About 1818, under the direction of the "Resolute Beneficial Society," a school was opened with the avowed purpose of giving instruction to those who were not able to pay for it, thereby affording the first free school for colored children in the district. A number of private and pay schools were successfully conducted in Washington for nearly half a century; but toward the close of the war, the large increase of the colored population in the district and their destitute condition attracted public attention, and secured for them much assistance from public-spirited people, resulting in was a preparation High School; and the first class from this school should have graduated in the year of 1874-5, but the members of this class, as well as the class following, were appointed to teacherships before completing the course. As a result of this action on the part of the trustees, the first class graduated in 1877, with eleven members. The Academic andBusiness School last June graduated a class of 112. From the beginning, herein set forth, the public schools for Negro youth in Washington 1 Assistant Superintendent, 4 Supervising Principals, 3 Normal and High School Principals, 51 school buildings—including Normal, High, Manual Training and Vocational Schools—573 Teachers, and an enrollment of 18,444 pupils. the free school becoming a fixture in Washington. The last addition to the Negro schools of "From such aid there were, in the spring Washington is the Dunbar High School, of 1864, 11 schools with 21 teachers and which replaces the old M Street High 1,000 pupils; in the school year 1864-5, 27 School, and was first occupied the second schools with 61 teachers and 3,588 pupils; of October last. Mr. Garnet C. Wilkinson, in 1865-6, 40 schools with 72 teachers and A.B., Oberlin, 1902, and L L.B. Howard, 3,930 pupils; in 1866-7, 55 schools with 75 1909, is the principal, and has under him teachers and 3,427 pupils."(Superintendenta Cook's of report, teachers, of faculty 48 1874-5.)  many them being graduates from the leading colleges May 21, 1862, Congress passed an act providing that ten per centum of all the taxes collected from the property owned by Negroes in the District of Columbia should be set aside for the purpose of maintaining free schools for the colored children of the district. This was the beginning of free schools for colored children supported by public money. June 25, 1864, the law of 1862 was so amended that the educational fund of the District of Columbia should be divided between the white and colored schools in such and universities of the country—2 matrons, 13 janitors, 1 engineer and 4 assistant engineers. The course of study includes all the academic and business subjects taught in similar schools of accredited standing, as well as domestic science, printing, physical training and military science. The enrollment is 1,149 pupils. The Dunbar High School is a brick, stone-trimmed building of Tudor architecture, and has a frontage of 401 feet. The building and equipment, exclusive of 220 THE NEW DUNBAR HIGH SCHOOL, WASHINGTON, D. C. (Scurlock) The Greatest Negro High School in the World TH E CRISIS ground, cost $550,000, and is regarded by for teaching botany, zoology, chemistry and many to be the finest public educational inphysics. The school has a particularly fine stitution for colored students in the counset of apparatus for physics, which is the try. The auditorium has a large stage, and result of many years' collection. A wirea seating capacity for 1,500, with provision less outfit is to be added in the immediate made for presenting motion pictures. future. Among the innovations offered are a pipe Drawing rooms occupy the third floor, organ for the auditorium, a large swimwhile on the second floor is a spacious li ming pool, and a lunch-room, having a brary complete in appointments, with a modern kitchen for the preparation of hot capacity for 4,337 volumes, and improved foods, and tables and seats for 350 students. library facilities for the accommodation of Five pianos are provided for the music 185 students. On the first floor is the ad department, also large gymnasiums for ministration offices, and a study hall with both boys and girls, with dressing rooms a seating capacity for 106 students. furnished with shower baths and the most The Cadets have a large armory under up-to-date equipment, and balconies prothe auditorium, the space allotted being vided for visitors. sufficient for several companies, and also a A printing plant, with an equipment valued rifle range for target practice. at $4,000, is another attraction. A bankThe school has 35 class rooms, 5 retiring ing department, with its necessary safe and rooms, an emergency room, 7 locker rooms, windows, and modern facilities for bookand locker accommodation for 1,500 stukeeping and accounting, has been installed dents. A greenhouse and roof garden are for classes in business practice. yet under construction, and it is hoped that The school also has a department for this year an appropriation may be secured instruction in domestic science, which infor building a stadium in the rear of the cludes a dining-room and living-room havschool. ing modern furniture so that the girls may The school was named the Dunbar High learn by actual experience how to lay a School by the Commissioners of the District table, arrange furniture, and keep house. January, of the present year, in honor of Practically the entire basement floor is Paul Laurence Dunbar. devoted to laboratories and lecture rooms TO THE DUNBAR HIGH SCHOOL (A Sonnet) By ANGELINA W. GRIMKE AND she shall be the friend of youth for aye: Of quick'ning youth whose eyes have seen the gleam; Of youth between whose tears and laugh ter stream Bright bows of hope; of youth, audacious, gay, Who dares to know himself a Caesar, say, A Shakespeare or a Galahad. The dream To him is real; and things are as they seem, For Beauty veils from him the feet of clay. How holy and how wonderful her trust— Youth's friend—and, yes, how blest. For down the west Each day shall go the sun, and time in time Shall die, the unborn shall again be dust; HEROES OF DEATH THE LATE BISHOP WALTERS ALEXANDER WALTERS THE death of Alexander Walters, senior bishop of the A. M. E. Zion Church, on February 1, 1917, deprives the Negro race of a forceful figure. It is unfortunate that Bishop Walter's biography, "M y Life and Work" (F. H. Revell Company), was not begun until he was too sick really to finish it properly. The part, therefore, covering his active life, his courageous but unsuccessful attempt to divide the Negro vote, his connection with the Afro-American Council and other matters of that sort—are treated only in a fragmentary and unsatis factory manner. On the other hand, we do have an instructive picture of the early life of an American Negro preacher of the better type. Alexander Walters was born at Bards-town, Ky., August 1, 1858, in a little room behind the kitchen of the leading hotel. He was of Negro descent but also had in his veins some of the best blood of Kentucky under Rowan Wickliffe, who turned the boy's attention definitely toward the ministry. Then his education stopped for a while. He worked on a farm, was a river hand and a waiter in a hotel. His "conversion" had best be told in his own words: "I received my first religious awakening, when but a small boy, on reading the Book of Revelation. I felt sure that I was doomed to be lost. About this time, dreaming for two nights in succession of the Judgment Day and the horrors thereof, I was so frightened that I began to pray in earnest." In 1879 he was ordained deacon and soon became a full-fledged country preacher. After that his rise in the church was rapid. He held many charges in Kentucky and California. Then comes further religious experience: "On Saturday night, while upon my knees making preparation for the Sabbath service, I had what I suppose some people would call a vision. It seemed that someone in spirit-form entered the room, proffering to me an exalted office; I realized that it was the bishopric of the church. I shrank from the responsibility and said, 'I am not sufficiently prepareda sacred office.' Assuranceof divine help and constantassistance of the Holy Spirit.burst into tears, and said:done.' "  to accept such  was given me  guidance and I thereupon  'Thy will be In 1892, at the General Conference which met at Pittsburg, Pa., Alexander Walters was elected bishop of the church amid great enthusiasm, at the age of thirty-four. Here his public career began and it is so well-known to our readers that it need not here be discussed. Personally, Bishop Walters was peculiarly pleasing, anxious to make friends and disliking to offend anyone. He was at the same time impulsive and enthusiastic; these characteristics combine to explain all that one could say in praise and in blame of this striking figure of Negro-American history. and was possibly a blood-relative of Abraham Lincoln. His formal schooling was limited; two terms in a private local school, one term in the school taught in the frame church of his town and finally, several terms 234 CAROLINE PUTNAM ON Friday, January 19, in Baltimore, Md., at one of the cemeteries, was cremated the body of Miss Caroline Putnam, TH E CRISIS THE LATE CAROLINE PUTNAM who died at Lottsburgh, Va., where she had been laboring among the colored people for some forty years. She was a New England woman, educated, refined, highly cultivated, with a taste for all that is best in literature, in art, in life. And yet such was her interest in the uplift of our poor struggling race, that she left her home and friends and all the delightful associations which contact with them meant to her, and went down to a section of Virginia which was greatly in need of help. And there she remained for forty years, living in the simplest way, content to endure the privations and the hardships which necessarily went along with the work which she had undertaken, with never a word of complaint, but with only a great joy filling her soul because she was able to be helpful to those people. Even when age began to creep on her and it seemed best, by some of her friends, for her to get into more comfortable surroundings, still she preferred to remain at the old post of duty. There she had given the best days of her life, there she was happiest, and there she wanted to remain. And it was there, in the providence of God, that the great silence fell upon her. I knew her well. She was often at our home and at our table, and many delightful moments we have spent together. She was one of the saints of God,—one of the noblest of womankind. Utterly forgetful was she of herself, with one great desire filling her soul, the desire to be of service to this struggling Negro race. Everything that she had she gladly laid on the altar of her devotion. She not only gave herself absolutely to the uplift of our race, but she also burned with righteous indignation at every act of injustice and oppression from which it suf fered. So completely had she identified herself with us that when tidings of her death reached me I found myself saying, "Well, we have lost one of our noblest women," forgetting entirely that she was white and not colored. In Lottsburgh before the body was removed to Baltimore to be cremated, the simple people, whom she had served so long and well, met and paid the last tribute of respect to her memory,—a memory that will ever be precious to them. In contrast with these simple services, on Saturday, following the cremation ceremonies in Baltimore, another funeral took place in Washington, D. C,—the funeral of Admiral Dewey. The services were held in the Rotunda of the Capitol. It was attended by the President of the United States, by the members of his Cabinet, by both Houses of Congress, by the Judges of the Supreme Court, by great officials of the Army and Navy, by foreign Ambassadors and other celebrities, and the body was escorted to its last resting place by a great procession. The avenue was also thronged by thousands of citizens. It was a magnificent and impressive display. And all, to do honor to a man, whose most conspicuous service, the thing that stands out most prominently in his career, and that gave him the great notoriety which he enjoyed, was the sending to the bottom of the Bay of Manila a few wooden war vessels belonging to Spain, with whom we were then at war. As between the services rendered by the great Admiral and this humble, self-effacing, God-fearing, and man-loving worker at Lottsburgh, as looked at from the Divine standpoint, as measured by the higher standard of service as set forth in the life and character of Jesus, who went about doing good, who was the friend of publicans and sinners, and who came not to be ministered unto but to minister and to give Himself for others, there is, it seems to me, no compari THE HEGIRA son. She was laid to rest very simply, very sweetly, with no outward display of pomp and power, but on the other side, we may be sure that all the hosts of Heaven were there to greet her, after such a life of self-denying service to the humble black folk among whom she lived her simple and beautiful life. She may have occupied a very humble place in the estimation of the great ones on earth, but very different is the estimate put upon her by the One who said, "In as much as ye have done it unto one of the least of these, ye have done it unto Me." In the "Who's Who," which God is preparing, this noble woman will be sure to have a conspicuous place. One by one, the old friends of the race are leaving us. There are not a great many of the stamp of Caroline Putnam left. Let us cherish their memory; let us hold them ever in grateful remembrance. P. J. GRIMKE. THE HEGIRA BY G. DOUGLAS JOHNSON OH, black man, why do you northward roam and leave all the farmlands bare ? Is your house not warm, tightly thatched from storm, and a larder replete your share? And have you not schools fit with books and with tools, the steps of your young to guide ? Then—what do you seek in the North cold and bleak, 'mid the whirl of its teeming tide? I have toiled in your cornfields and parched in the sun, I have bowed beneath your load of care; I have patiently garnered your bright golden grain in seasons of storm and fair; I have lifted a smile to your glowering gloom while my wounded heart, quivering, bled; Trailing mute in your wake as your rosy-dawns break, I have curtained the mound of my dead. While my children are taught in the schools you have wrought, they are blind to the sheen of the sky, For the brand of your hand casts a pall o'er the land that enshadows the gleam of the eye. M y sons deftly sapped of the brawn-hood of man, self-rejected and impotent stand; M y daughters unhaloed, unhonored, undone, feed the lust of a dominant land. Unstrange is the pathway to Calvary's Hill, —oft I wend in my dumb agony Up its perilous height, in the pale morning light, to dissever my own from the tree. I would not remember, yet cannot forget, how to hearts beating true to your own, You've tortured, and wounded, and filtered their blood, 'til a budding Hegira has blown. And, so I'm away where the sky-line of day lifts the arch of its rain-bow on high— From the land of my birth, where the low mounds of earth lift their impotent arms to the sky. For the soul of me yearns with a passion that burns for the reach of the ultimate star In the land of the North, where the leaven of worth flings the infinite portals ajar! National Association for THE ANTI-LYNCHING CAMPAIGN THE LOVING CUP Given by the N. A. A. C. P. to the Brave Sheriff Eley of Lima, Ohio, Who Prevented a Lynching. The Governor of Ohio Presented the Cup. THE ATTEMPTED LYNCHING OF LUBE MARTIN. An N. A. A. C. P. Investigation. LUBE MARTIN is a colored man who *—/ lives at Murray, Calloway County, Ky., in the regions where the night riders have had full sway. In the same city lived a white man, Guthrie Diuguid. He was the policeman of the town. In the spring of 1916 he declared that certain white people had hired Lube Martin to kill him. He was so insistent in repeating this story that his friends feared he was "cracked." Finally, when he went before the city council and demanded protection, he was forced to resign his position. He then became a road supervisor and apparently forgot the alleged plot against his life. Diuguid, however, had meanwhile sent th eAdvancement word to Martin that he would kill him on sight. Martin succeeded in dodging him for a long time. Finally, on January 9, 1917, the two met. Diuguid shot at Martin four or five times and when Martin saw that further dodging was impossible, he shot and killed Diuguid. Lube Martin was immediately arrested and assigned a white attorney, J. P. Holt. Holt was a shrewd man and took his job seriously. He told the court that two principal witnesses were not present to testify and that he wanted a continuance of the case. The Kentucky law is curious in this respect: if a defendant asks for a continuation because of the absence of a material witness, the prosecution may keep the trial from being postponed by admitting the alleged testimony of the absent person as TRUE. This the prosecution did in Martin's had threatened to kill Martin and had drawn a pistol on him first. The trial, therefore, was fixed to go on the next day and undoubtedly the black man would have been condemned to death; but Holt found another witness and declared that that witness would swear that Diuguid shot first when he saw Martin. This the prosecution could not admit. On the morning of January 10, one thousand of the mountain whites came into Murray to see Martin condemned to death and then to lynch him. They crowded into the new $75,000 court house and heard Judge Charles H. Bush say that the trial had been THE COURT HOUSE, MURRAY, KY. 226 MEN OF THE MONTH 227 GOVERNOR STANLEY OF KENTUCKY postponed and that the prisoner had been taken to Hopkinsville. Immediately the mob went wild. "Give us the nigger or we'll hang the judge," they said. Evidently the judge believed what they said, because he forthwith signed an order to bring the prisoner back to town.Meantime, They telephoned to Louisville and found him, but the governor had no militia because the militia had been sent to Texas. He came, however, without militia. When he walked into Murray next morning, he saw the judge and the timid commonwealth's attorney, D. P. Smith. The stores had been open all night and when the governor got to the courthouse, things looked pretty bad. But Governor Stanley took his stand boldly and told the mob the difference between a savage and a civilized community. He asserted that every member of a lynching mob was a murderer. He told them that the judge and the commonwealth's attorney had agreed to produce the accused there and that he had countermanded the order, that he alone was responsible, and that if anybody was going to be lynched, it would have to be he. The mad and hungry looking backwoodsmen were impressed. One of them yelled, "Say, Gov., you've got the guts; I'm fer yer." Finally, it was agreed that the trial should be postponed until February 19. Thus Lube Martin has been saved from the mob—at least temporarily. As to justice for a man who killed his assailant in self-defense, that, even in Kentucky, is quite another story. Me n of the Month A SOCIAL LEADER THE late Mrs. Andrew F. Hilyer, who died December 14, 1916, in Washington, D. C, held a favored place in the musical, literary and social life of her race. Mrs. Hilyer was born in Washington, D. C , and educated in the city public schools. Later she became a teacher of music. She was married to Mr. Andrew F. Hilyer in 1886, and their home on Howard University Hill has been for more than thirty years a center of influence for movements for social uplift. It was her devotion to the highest ideals in music that led to the organizing of the S. Coleridge-Taylor Choral Society which brought that noted composer to this country on two occasions. She was also one of the organizers of the Treble Clef and The Booklovers Clubs, two study organizations that have had continuous existence for more than twenty-three years. Her soul encompassed all mankind and radiated hope and inspiration to all who met her. Beside her husband, she leaves a son, Mr. Gale P. Hilyer, of Minneapolis, Minn., and a daughter, Kathleen, who is a student of the Dunbar High School, Washington, D. C, THE LATE J. E. BUSH THE LATE B. H. STILLYARD ALBERTUS BROWN MOSAIC TEMPLARS' BUILDING, LITTLE ROCK MISS C. E. HALL THE LATE J. A. CRAWFORD THE LATE MRS. A. F. HILYER 228 MEN OF THE MONTH A YOUNG LAWYER MR. ALBERTUS BROWN was born in Washington, D. C., September 1880. He attended the Washington public schools. For nearly eight years he earned his living by selling newspapers. Just at the close of the first McKinley campaign he stopped school and went to work as a mes 17, 229 the Wheeling Turf Exchange was accomplished and although he was offered bribes to cast his vote for its retention he refused them and cast his vote against its survival. He was at all times devoted to the principles of justice, liberty and equality. He is survived by a wife, relatives and many friends. In his death Wheeling has lost one of her best citizens, the church a pillar of support, senger boy at Republican NationalHeadquarters. There, when he had mastered shorthand and typewriting, he was assigned to Senator Marcus A . Hanna's private office, where he was given entire charge of the Senator's pension work, etc. Mr. Brown during this time decided to study law and entered the law course offered at night by Howard University. He graduated in 1904 and shortly thereafter was admitted to practice in the District of Columbia. In 1908 he moved to Toledo, Ohio, where he has built up a substantial practise at the Toledo Bar. His practise is largely criminal and he is credited with having defended successfully some very difficult cases. Mr. Brown is a member of the Toledo Bar Association, has appeared in all the Toledo courts, and has been admitted to the and the race a strong helper. A POLITICIAN THE late John E. Bush was born in Tennessee Arkansas during the war.educated in the schools offirst became a teacher. Ina railway mail clerk andmade receiver of the U . S. Mr. Bush was  Little Rock and  1875 he became  in 1896 he was  Land Office at Little Rock, a position which he held until 1913, when he was dismissed by President Wilson. Thirty-five years ago Mr. Bush and his fellow postal clerks founded an industrial insurance society called the "MosaicTemplars." membership of over 75,000 and assets of $212,859. It has paid over $800,000 to beneficiaries and is admitted to do business in four states. Its headquarters, in Little U. S. Federal Court of the Northern District of Ohio. By appointment of Mayor Milroy Brown he was named as Acting Police Judge of Toledo for October 9 and 10, 1916, and during these two days he handled eighty cases. It was the first time a colored man had acted in this capacity. A USEFUL PHYSICIAN THE late Mr. Baswell H. Stillyard was born of slave parentage in Maryland, in 1847. He was an ambitious and self-taught man. He would sit up at night in a tireless room wrapped in a quilt that he might learn how to read and write. After going to Albany, N. Y., he became desirous of learning the profession of a physician, and after private study was able to go to Troy, N . Y., and take the examination for the practise of medicine. In October, 1882, he went to Wheeling, W. Va. He has for a number of years been president of the Board of Trustees of the Simpson's M. E. Church. He joined the Masonic Order in 1875 and had received the highest degrees of that Order. He was an ex-member of the City Council, having served in this body with credit to himself and to his race. During his term as councilman the elimination of Rock, was built by a Negro contractor and Negro labor at a cost of $68,000. It is of steel and brick and contains stores, offices, auditorium and theatre. Mr. Bush died recently and was estimated to be worth $150,000. A YOUNG LEADER THE late Joshua A. Crawford, whowell known among colored citizens. He was interested in matters of social and civic uplift and had worked often and seriously for reform movements in politics. He died while still a comparatively young man and will be missed in the life of his group. A WOMAN LAWYER recently die MISS CAROLINE E. HALL; after receiving the Law, at Howard University, last June, successfully passed a very rigid three-day examination and was admitted to practise law before the Supreme Court of the District of Columbia, June 30. She is the first colored woman to achieve this distinction. Miss Hall is a native of Peoria, 111, (Central News) (Underwood and Underwood) ' Barnard's Statue of POLLARD The Latest Portrait of ABRAHAM LINCOLN That's All! LIEUT. COL. YOUNG 230 231 TWO PUBLIC APPOINTEES 'Underwood and Underwood) MRS. G. A. ROBINSON DE. E. P. ROBERTS TWO PUBLIC APPOINTEES DR. EUGEN E P. ROBERTS has recently MRS. GEORGIA A. ROBINSON has been appointed by Mayor John Pur-been appointed to the office of policeroy Mitchel a member of the Board of Educationwoman Los of the City of New ChiefYork t serve in Angeles, Cal., by f the full term of five years. Police, Snively. She is the first colored woman in the United States to receive such Dr. Roberts served as medical inspector an appointment, which is in connection with for the Board of Health from 1898 to 1912 the juvenile bureau and comes under the and has carried on a successful practise of Civil Service. his profession in the city for twenty-one Mrs. Robinson is from Leadville, Colo. years, specializing in lung and heart disShe worked for woman suffrage there beeases. He was born in Louisburg, N . C , in fore she was old enough to vote. In coming 1870. He graduated fromto Los Angeles she has M.A., and ac Lincoln University with the degrees of B.A. andbeen even moretook his course in medicine at the New tive in civic and political affairs. She York Homeopathic Medical College and at has been the treasurer of the Los Angeles the Flower Hospital. Branch of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People ever since Dr. Roberts much important civic and its organization; in fact, she is one of the philanthropic work. organizers. 1. CODY HOSPITAL CORPS, MACON, GA. 2. E. D. WILLIAMS' "MOVIE" AT LAS CRUCES, N. MEX. 3. NINTH ANNUAL CONVENTION OF THE ALPHA PHI ALPHA, RICHMOND, VA. 1	 THE CHAMPION ARMY BASEBALL TEAM, 6. A MACHINE GUN DETAIL, WITH PERSHING HAWAII. 232 The Looking Glass LITERATURE FROM Solomon T. Plaatje's "Sechuana Proverbs:" "Can the moon laugh at the sun and say, 'You are white'?" "O! the trumpets we used to blow." "We old folk are the real modern people." "Children converse with God." "When a clever doctor fails, try one less clever." "There is no country without its fools." "Alone I am not strong, but beside a rock I am." We have received the following collections of poems: "Daddy's Love," by I. W."Lowly Songs," by C. H. D. Este, of Montreal,One," by Joseph F. Cotter, of Louisville, Ky.; "Mammy's Cracklin' Bread and Other Poems," by Theodore H. Shackelford, Philadelphia, Pa. The New England Baptist Convention continues to issue its excellent annual report on the state of the country. The monthly "Colored Teacher," published at Wilberforce and edited by F. A. McGinnis, has much good matter. Dr. S. Brady, of Tuskegee Institute, has issued a pamphlet on "Household Chemistry for Negro Girls." The "Handbook of the A. M. E. Church," compiled by R. C. Ransom and J. R. Hawkins, is an excellent publication and should be in every library. The January number of the Journal of Negro History contains a most interesting article by Henry E. Baker on "The Negro in the Field of Invention." The "Life and Times of Booker T. Washington," by B. F. Riley, is the "diplomatic" history of Mr. Washington's life. Nothing of controversy is allowed to appear. Indeed, the account of the Roosevelt luncheon Colored people, themselves, have been is quite too diplomatic for easy mental consumption : Washington came at the time named, and while the conversation was in progress the President's luncheon was brought to his office on a large waiter. Remarking that there was sufficient for both, Mr. Roosevelt It is quite needless to say that this account is flatly untrue. Mr. Washington was formally invited to dinner at night and went in full dress. 233 The Outlook has a picture of Dr. H. B. Frissell of Hampton Institute, in Africa, with this explanation (the italics are ours) : "While there one of the party noticed that a group of Zulu boys had, without saying anything, and without anything being said to them, without knowing who Dr. Frissell was nor understanding a word of English, but apparently just attracted by hisstranger who is fond of dogs, attached themselves to him and were accompanying him, and she took this snap-shot." THE EXODUS Underbill, a blind writer of Philadelphia; THE reality of the Negro exodus is now Canada; " A White Song and a Black generally acknowledged. The St. Louis Globe-Democrat says: Two equally absurd charges have been circulated to account for the presence of so many Negroes out of their usual latitude. One is that they have been brought North "to fight organized labor" and the other is that the nefarious republicans imported them to carry the doubtful states; not a single, solitary case of the use of the Negroes And the Rutland, Vt., Herald tells us: The Negro problem in the South has changed somewhat in the last fifty years. It is not so much now a question as to what shall be done with them as it is what shall be done without them. Meantime, the Charleston News and Courier The significance of the present movement is to be found not in the conditions in the North which are taking the Negroes there, but in the conditions in the South which make the Negroes ready to go. • The situation, as the News and Courier has pointed out repeatedly, is simply that as the boll weevil compels the cutting of the cotton acreage, thousands of Negroes are bound to be thrown out of employment. They are here only because they were needed in the cultivation of cotton. speaking out very clearly in the South, both in the colored and white press. A colored college president writes in the Montgomery Advertiser: The truth is, these Negroes who are leaving the South in large numbers and others who are thinking of going, do not want to offered to share with his caller. go. They prefer to remain here. But they want something to eat and to wear. They want a brighter future held out to them; they want to be reasoned with by their landlords, and want things made plain to them in the adjustment of yearly accounts; they -personality TH E CRISIS want to be protected against lynching and personal abuse; they want better treatment on the farms, on the common carriers, and in public places in general. A colored rural school paper, the Fort Valley (Ga.) Uplift, states: Many Negroes also desire to go north with the hope of having better school facilities for their children. It is a fact, acknowledged by practically all well-informed men, that the public schools for Negroes, especially in the country districts where the great masses of Negroes live, with very rare exceptions, amount to practically nothing. Indeed, we have more than once heard intelligent men express the belief that the little money expended on them was wasted. A letter received by the principal of this institution a few days ago may give some light on this phase of the question. A farmer from a nearby county wrote: "We want you to please recommend a good teacher for our school. We has a good school with about fifty pupils and wants a good teacher." The principal replied asking him to state what salary would be paid and what the teacher would be charged for board. He replied promptly, saying: "I saw the superintender last night and he told me that the wagers of all the teachers had been cut from $16.80 to $14.40 a month." When we remember that the teacher must pay board out of this salary, we can easily surmise just about the kind of a teacher they will get. It must be remembered, too, that $14.40 per month is the only expenditure of any kind that the public school authorities will make for the fifty children who will attend this school for about four months in each year and for twenty-five to fifty others in the same districts who - will not attend at all. But the real reasons of the exodus are even deeper and more fundamental than this. The ancient gentleman who, under the pseudonym of Savoyard, is the Washington correspondent of several white southern papers, writes: Your northern man can never be made to understand the good-fellowship and affection that exists between the southern white and the Negro. Perhaps the following extract from a South Carolina colored paper, the Pec Dee Watch man, may enlighten both Savoyard and his northern friends: The first great shock and disturbance of the Negro's content in the South came when the suffrage was rudely and violently taken from him, his political rights absolutely destroyed and his civil and personal rights menaced and in great measure restricted and repressed. Thousands desired to leave but could find no haven, no place where the demand for Negro labor was greater than the supply; in consequence, thereof, the movement of Negroes from the South to other parts of the country has been only a sort of drift of those who, from time to time, secured em ployment for themselves and their friends. With no hopeful future beckoning to them from other sections of the country, they settled down in the hope that following dis franchisement and Jim Crow car laws, there would be a period to discrimination in the dispensation of justice and discrimination everywhere where life is made easier for the white man and harder for the Negro. The passage of years, however, has not brought to the Negro the realization of his hopes. Fifty years from slavery finds the lines of oppression and restriction drawn tighter and tighter around the helpless Negro. K u Klux murders and terrorism during the early days of Reconstruction was followed by political murders after Reconstruction, when the Negro no longer strove for political freedom and no excuse existed for violence. On that score mob law began its reign and the lynching of Negroes has become so common and usual that the lynching of a Negro by a mob no longer excites comment or even a passing notice. In many communities in the Southern States the punishment of Negroes by mobs is regarded as entirely proper and not a sufficient violation of law for sworn officers of the law to endeavor to apprehend the members of the mob and bring them before the bar of justice. In candid and tragic truth it must be said that there is in the South no protection for the life or person of a Negro against the intent of the bloody-minded and lawless white man. Even some southern white papers acknowledge the manifest reasons for the exodus. The Birmingham, Ala., Ledger says: There is just one other thing: Treatment of the Negro by petty law officers. The shameful manner in which Negroes are handled by them is one of the most disgraceful things in the Southland. That the Negro resents this and would resent it more if he could, we know. That he will do the next best thing, go elsewhere if equal or greater opportunities for employment and freedom from wanton arrest invite him, we see taking place on a broad scale throughout the South. Nevertheless, the Tuskegee farmers' conference declared: "We recognize and appreciate the opportunities offered in the North to our people and the necessity which is compelling many of them to go there. Right here in the South, however, are great and permanent opportunities for the masses of our people," and then they proceeded to point out to the Negro farmer the facts that the South was just entering upon the greatest era of its development; that the Negro had gained a footing upon its soil here which it would be folly to relinquish; that the South THE LOOKING GLASS is the only section right now where a little land can be bought on practically self-imposed terms and for a small outlay. The reception of Negroes in various parts of the North is interesting. The Springfield, Ohio, News says: The Negroes who came north last fall are for the most part law-abiding. They compare favorably in every respect with the native Negro. The Chicago Daily News reports that: In the industrial field the colored population has invaded the labor market with a rush. Men and women of the race are being employed by thousands in business plants where a few years ago a colored person would not be admitted even as a visitor. To organized labor the growing problem of colored help is a disquieting augury of future storms. Chicago is one of the few cities in the United States where the colored man is not admitted to the trade unions, even though he may have a union card from some other city. Out of the union he is eligible as a strike breaker, and once he has shoved his foot over the "employes' entrance," the colored man often remains, even after the strike is settled. A curious comment comes from the Hurtsboro, Ga., Tribune: presses the Negro vote for its own advant Instead of Hurtsboro being injured commercially by the exodus of colored it is the beneficiary, according to the records at the local banks and the postoffice. More than 500 Negroes who formerly did their trading in Hurtsboro are at work in various parts of the country and, it is said, are drawing good pay for their labors. It is conservatively estimated that at least 400 of these Negroes send weekly remittances to their families left at home. The average remittance is about five dollars, making a total of about $2,000 that is spent each week with local merchants. Hurtsboro bankers say they are handling checks of all sizes sent to Hurtsboro by Negroes. "It is an every day occurrence for us to cash these checks," stated the cashier of one of the banks. The postoffice is doing a big business in the money order department. These orders come so fast it is impossible for the post-office officials to keep sufficient cash on hand to handle them. Often it is necessary to go to a bank and secure the necessary cash. REDUCING REPRESENTATION the laws governing the elections in the several states of the Union" has led to renewed discussion on the reduction of southern representation. Even the New York Times acknowledges that: The South most certainly does possess an unfair advantage in having its non-voters counted as voters, so that a handful of Southerners are more potent than a great number of Northerners. It is one of the many inequalities in our patchwork system with which we have put up for the sake of peace and the interests of the nation as a whole. The Brooklyn Standard-Union says: In at least eleven of the Southern States there is no such thing as government by the majority of the people on all national and many local questions. The Negro vote, although a native American vote, is entirely suppressed in these states, and one existing amendment to the Federal Constitution, the Fourteenth, is a dead letter. The Wheeling, W. Va., Intelligencer states: In the recent election the eleven states constituting the Solid South cast a total popular vote amounting to 1,563,939, while the State of New York alone cast 56,000 more, or 1,619,997, but the latter only delivered 45 electoral votes to 126 of the Southern States. Is that fair? Is it strictly legal? This is something that concerns the whole country and not the individual whims of the Southern Democracy which sup age and the disadvantage of the North. From the Newark, N . J., Evening Star: The explanation of the preposterous method which gives Louisiana, for instance, an elector for every 7,700 voters, and Kansas one for every 59,200, is found in the fact that electoral votes are apportioned on the basis of congressional representation, each state having as many electors as it has members of the two houses of Congress. But congressmen are apportioned according to total population and not according to the number of voters. And so it comes about that the South, with its immense nonvoting population of Negroes, deprived of the ballot by "grandfather clauses" in constitutions or by other ways of evading the Fifteenth Amendment to the Federal organic law, possesses vastly more than its fair share in determining the Presidency. And on the same basis of argument the South has too much voice in national legislation. The Des Moines, Iowa, Capital adds: This country has continued this injustice for over fifty years. You can make a campaign in Dakota or Nebraska or in Montana or Kansas, but you THE introduction into Congress of a proposal to "make thorough inquiry into cannot make a campaign in the Solid South, in the Confederate States, as they were. One of two things ought to be done. These Southern States ought to be deprived of a large number of electoral votes. They have disfranchised the Negro by one process or another; yet the Negro is counted as a voter and a man in the distribution of members of Congress and members of the electoral college. The South ought not to have the THE benefit of the Negro in making up their representation in Congress, or else they ought not to have power to disfranchise him. The Chicago Tribune says: If the Negro does not vote his vote ought not be counted. Especially it ought not to be counted for the side he would vote against if he were allowed to vote. Negroes are traditionally Republican. In the South not only are they not allowed to vote but The South is taking careful notice and the Houston, Texas, Post states: There are in the South about 7,000,000 males of voting age, of whom less than 2,000,000 vote in the Presidential election. Of the 5,000,000 non-voters, the majority are white. The problem will be solved some day, but not through Federal interference or the punitive reduction of southern representation in Congress. Already, much complaint is heard among southern white men against the election laws. These laws will be modified in time and intelligent Negroes of character will not only be permitted to vote, but encouraged to do so in many of the states. The encouragement, however, will not come from Mississippi. The Yazoo, Miss., Sentinel has this letter from a "White Line Democrat:" In looking over the election table forI see that there were thirteen votes cast for Hughes at the Court House box. Upon inquiry from some of the election officers mind: "Are we to have a return of the Negro to politics in Yazoo County?" In days gone by, Yazoo was pointed to as the one county with sufficient courage and manhood to eliminate the Negro from politics. It was Yazoo, headed by the late Major Wash Gibbs, who wrested the state from the domination of the Negro and carpetbaggers, by shouldering their muskets and standing at the polls in Jackson, with the solemn pledge that the first Negro that offered to vote would be met by a volley from their trusty rifles. . . . There is dissatisfaction, too, among the poor whites as voiced in the Columbia, S. C, Stateernor : Sincehas beenmen outmay becitizens by a defeated candidate for gov 1876 political fraud in this state  common. I have seen fifty white  vote five hundred Negroes. Such tolerated by them, applied to attempt to apply them to free born white citizens they will soon find a day of reckoning. It is common to hear charges of election fraud from the stump in this state. The CRISIS parties making the charges ought to know for they are in a position to know. THE LYNCHING INDUSTRY THE Birmingham, Ala., News, discussing the Negro exodus "in all kindliness and in the very deepest concern for the Negro's It is high time that some great Negro Moses were appearing to direct this race their uncast votes are counted for theDemocratic candidates. back to the soil. The News not only ex presses its deep conviction in this matter, but it believes the whole secret of the con tinuation of the Negro race lies in its return to the provinces, where it may live its own natural life away from the sharp competi tion of living with which it is utterly unfit ted to cope The African can serve himself and the land of his adoption best in agriculture. We venture to suggest that the opinion of a successful Negro farmer, if obtainable on this point, might be of interest to the editor of the News and we would suggest that he address a letter to MR. ANTHONY CRAWFORD, ABBEVILLE, S. C; or he might write the Rev. Richard Carroll of South Carolina, a Negro who has deep reverence for white folks, and get him to explain this statement which he recently made: I have in mind now three Negro men who have accumulated much property in South Carolina—not in Abbeville County. One Yazoo County in the last issue of your paper, has 600 acres of land with debts all paid; 30 or 40 bales of cotton stored at his house. He has been ordered to leave under penalty of death. For three years these Negro men I learn that a number of these were Negroes, and this raises the question in my future, have been intimidated and threatened. The editor, too, might get some information from the Atlanta Independent, which has this society note from Georgia: In the counties of Randolph, Calhoun and Jasper, of our own state, the mobs have not been satisfied to lynch men, but have lynched innocent women. It is reported in Putnam County that a two-year-old child was destroyed in the home of a Negro woman because the mob could not find the mother, whom they desired to lynch. With these conditions obtaining and with a record of quite a dozen and a half Negroes lynched in our state this year and not a single member of the mobs indicted or punished, there can be no wonder that the Negro is moving to a country where he can at least expect to live out the days of his appointed time. With the white man building agricultural schools all over the state for the education of his children out of the money of the tax payers, without regard to race or color; Negroes in politics, but when free-born city whit with the double sessions crowded in theschools for Negroes; with the half-paid and starved- out Negro school teachers; with the Negro tax payers and property owners driven from the polls on election day in spite of the fact that there are not enough Negroes registered in Georgia to elect one THE LOOKING GLASS congressman against 250,000 or more registhat every citizen, of high or low degree, tered white voters—these are causes that has lost absolutely all respect for the courts must be removed if the white man would because they know that therein justice has have a peaceful, restful and industrious lalong since ceased to be a known quantity, boring class to till the soil, to work in the and that today there ranks injustice and farce long drawn out, under the guise of shops, in the factories, and in domestic law, is the rule and not the exception . . . service. In Texas, every chance under the sun is That lynching is a prime cause of the thrown around the criminal and every hinpresent Negro unrest in the South is addrance possible is thrown in the path of the mitted by all real students. As the Wilmington, Del., Journal says: state in its attempt to convict him of crime. The result is that lawyers of secondary legal ability are generally elected to the It will be noticed that not a lynching ocposition of states attorneys, and they are curred in what may be called a Northern bullragged to a finish by the attorneys for state. Nor do we think that anyone will the defense. wonder that Negroes are prone to leave Southern states in which Negro life is held We are glad to find in the Greenville, S. so cheaply. C , News, a frank admission of the real The Brooklyn Eagle adds: Why worry over fifty Negroes lynched in a year, if as a consequence 250,000 bettered their condition by getting out of the lynching zone? Each one lost was a warning to 500. Mathematics always helps. Most papers, however, express real concern over the continuance of this barbarity. The Des Moines, Iowa, Register says: For more than thirty years now the American people have accepted the barbaric penalties of unregulated vengeance in the South without doing anything and without saying very much. Is it not plain that we have a responsibility resting upon us here at home? The Chicago Record-Herald says: The taunt of the recalled Turkish envoy calling on the United States to stop its lynching atrocities before it protested about Armenian massacres was not answered by the recall of the ambassador. The record of 1916 is a fresh challenge to the law-abiding citizens of the nation. Meantime, the South, itself, has some origin of lynching: If the responsibility for lynching can be placed anywhere, it should be lodged at the door of the Republican party, which put the South under the yoke of the carpetbagger, the Negro and the scalawag. It put the reins of authority into the hands of the ignorant, the corrupt and the vicious, and thereby made it necessary for the white man to use lawlessness to secure the restoration of law and order. The lawless spirit in the South is directly traceable to that era and to that cause. We deplore lynching as much as anybody, North or South, and hope it is passing from us, but the origin of the condition is easily located. The K u Klux has disappeared over the horizon of history, but his imitators of less heroic motive have not. There you are. It was not "rough Border justice;" it was not the "violation of women" that started the lynching industry. It was simply the supposed necessity of disfranchising the Negro and "keeping him in his place"! RECOGNITION THE Boston Herald, speaking of theTuskegee strong words against lynching. TheBirmingham, Ala., Age-Herald admits: The figures show quite conclusively that the blood-lust of mobs is aroused more often by comparatively trifling infractions of the law than offenses against white women. Race hatred among the disorderly classes of white people is responsible for most of the lynchings. The Valdosta, Ga., Times says: It is only by educating the people and lifting them above savagery and barbarism, that we can expect them to look with abhorrence upon lynching and other crimes sort. a writer in the Manufacturers'  Baltimore, says: not necessary to attempt to argue  practice of the courts is so rotten Why should abilities of this order seem exceptional in the Negro, but merely normal in the white? If we may trust Assistant Examiner Henry E. Baker, of the U. S. Patent Office, it is because of "the traditional attitude of the average American on the question of the capacity of the Negro for high scientific and technical achievement." Yet according to Mr. Baker, the black man has contributed with both brain and hand "very materially to the economic, industrial and financial development of our country." But the country does not know of it, partly because the patent office makes no mention of race, still more because the popular belief in Negro inferiority dies hard. The New York Evening Globe says: The appointment of a Negro as a member of the Board of Education by Mayor Mitchel of thatWhile Record, It isthat the TH E CRISIS is a proper, if somewhat tardy, recognition Ragtime it was then and nothing more. of the claims of our large colored population The white race got it from levee and plantato representation in this branch of the city tion house, where the slaves and later the government. No Negro has been a member free Negroes amused themselves happily of the board since the creation of the greater with its performance. city. In Brooklyn, a Negro served as an It is the most powerful and naturally exeducation commissioner from 1894 to 1898, pressive dance music that the world has retiring when the city was consolidated. ever known. The slow throbbing waltz music appeals Dr. E. P. Roberts, Mayor Mitchel's apto the dreamy, esthetic side of man; he pointee, was formerly a medical inspector wants to sing to it perhaps more than to of the Board of Education. He has been indance to it; but when ragtime is played— terested in educational work for many years, what is there to do but dance? The thing and his appointment had the indorsement that makes ragtime catchy is rhythm,	 not of the most prominent Negro educators in melody. the country. Of his fitness for the position In my first serious study of dancing	 Ithere is no question. observed Negroes and I analyzed their great The Chicago Herald says: proficiency in the art. They are, by far, the best natural dancers of this world, for A Negro youth, the son of a barber, is their art is spontaneous, primitive and	 full Chicago's most honored football player of of unction. the season of 1916. Pollard of Brown, a student earning his own livelihood while Gartenlaube, of Berlin, says, according to seeking education, has been accorded the Musical America: highest recognition open to the college athWe have long known, that Negroes have lete. a particular predilection for music. They Chosen by most of the sporting writers as sing all the time, everywhere, apropos of a member of their group of stars, the Negro player has finally been named by Walter everything. It is, indeed, of very great eleven. The veteran Yale coach, of course, interest to observe how the art of song aids did no more than sanction a success already a race which can neither read nor write to registered. As the leading member of a preserve the memory of certain events. Thus team which triumphed over Yale and Harvard, Pollard had hitherto been acclaimed there was composed at Stanley Falls aas one of the great players of the year. But few years ago a song called "O	 Lupembe,"this final selection assured the barber's son As surely and as rapidly as the most his place in the annals of amateur sport. popular of our own refrains, this song spread over the whole extent of the great empire, and today the farthest echoes resound with its accents. The Chicago Negro is not the first Negro to reach this reward. A generation ago William H . Lewis of Boston, later an Assistant Attorney General of the United The New London, Conn., Telegraph States, was a Harvard contribution to the Ail-American football team. Lewis first writes: and now Pollard are inspiring examples to We might as well admit that the only their fellows. They have proved that color really native music we have that amounts is not an insuperable handicap to honor on to anything is "Negro music." The fact the field of sport. 	that Negroes have written little of it makes no difference. It is due none the less to the American Negro. This wonderfully musical race has furnished the one MUSIC AND DANCING 	type of music which Americans all love, and which is thus far our only distinctive musical gift to the world. It is absurd to iron out the dialect, starch the grammar LADA , the dancer, says in the SanFranciscoChronicle: and rhetoric and make over our lovely	 old America got its ragtime rhythm from the darkey songs into prim "literature" that	 will Southern Negro. He brought it from Africa please nobody but bloodless pedagogues. and has nourished it and kept it alive during his residence in America. It began in the jungles of darkest Africa when the THE JIM CROW CAR savages danced in their religious ceremonies. It was pounded forth on the drum, WE received the following letter in the and the peculiar syncopation which makes it today provocative of muscular expression early fall inscribed, " A Word of was worked out by the squatting drummers Warning to Those Who Travel by Rail: " to keep time to the monotonous "step-step- We wish to warn you of the accommodastepping" of the dancers. tions between Washington and Jacksonville especially by way of the Seaboard Ai r Line Beating in regular and ever-recurrent Railroad. time and throwing on quick beats for half I left Washington on train Number 1 in and quarter time, these tom-tom beaters the usual way, the Jim Crow car (that is learned how to inspire their fellows to a coach divided into two compartments	 for greatest muscular action. the use of colored passengers; one part	 for THE LOOKING GLASS use as a smoker, and the other part of the car for passengers). When we were leaving Savannah, all colored passengers were compelled by the conductor to file into the one-half coach, used as a smoker where men and women were obliged to use the same toilet. The news butcher occupied the best seats in that one-half part of the Jim Crow car, the same being packed with passengers who were very uncomfortable owing to the crowded condition—all for the purpose of affording accommodations to six white men, who could have been placed in other cars which were attached to the train for the use of white passengers. We, as passengers, take this method of warning the traveling public (colored) just what to expect from some of the officials of the great transportation companies of the South, and we wish to let it be known that we do not mean to sit idle and take this kind of treatment after paying our fares just as others have to do, and keep our mouths shut. (Signed) Eartha M . M . White Olivia Hampton Annie Grant Laura Murphy Robert T. Smith J. H . Jackson Lula Smith M . R. Brown MANUFACTURING 1. The facts: Richard Brown  William Hampton  Emma Patterson  Annie Jones  Emma Hong  Laura M . Houston PREJUDICE J. E . Teiper, his mother, brother and sister, were in an automobile. The mother and brother were killed, the sister had her skull fractured and Teiper had a "severe contusion on the forehead." He explained that the murderous attack was made "by a man, apparently a Negro." 2. The Headlines: Murderous Negro Bent on Robbery Attacks Family Party on Lonely Road. MOTHER AND SON VICTIMS Girl Dying and Brother is Wounded Before He Can Offer Resistance. N. Y. Press, Feb. 1, 1916. Sister Still Unconscious and at the Point of Death. . N. Y. Press, Feb. 3, 1916. TEIPER IS INDICTED. Son Is Charged with the Murder of His Mother. In December, 1916, Teiper was convicted and sentenced for the murder of his mother in the second degree. MISCELLANEOUS UNTIL we live up to Mr. Wilson's promise in his Mobile speech, that we are not going to take any more territory to the south of us, we shall woo in vain South American business and friendship. Until we agree to respect the rights of small Caribbean nationalities and treat differently the citizens of those we have annexed or purchased, our moral protests as to Serbia and Belgium must lack convincing force. The governmental problems in our island possessions alone afford vast opportunity for statesmanship. Are we, a republic, to continue to give overbearing governors to Porto Rico? Are we really to turn over our new Danish Islands to army or navy for administration? These are questions that need prompt and clear-cut answers.— New York Evening Post. The time for the renewal of saloon licenses is at hand and we Negroes who live near the Attucks School are hoping the authorities will spare us the humiliation of seeing a saloon on the northeast corner of Eighteenth and Woodland, half a block from the school. To continue this saloon at this place would be an injustice to the decent Negroes and a menace to the 600 children who attend the school. Al l we can do is to "protest." This matter is in the hands of men who profess friendship for the Negro. Now is their time to prove it. Would the school board and the good white people of this city permit a saloon near one of the white schools? —Kansas City, Kan., Star. Survivor of Motor Tragedy Admits Ownership Julian Street has an article on "The Negro" in Collier's of January 27. It is of Weapon Found Near Crime. what one would expect in Collier's—sensational, unfair, and crawling in its attitude to the white South. We shall refer to this ATTENDS VICTIMS' FUNERALS article editorially next month. The Horizon INDUSTRY THE Standard Life Insurance Company at its recent annual meeting was reported to be operating in nine states with 171 agents who wrote $2,000,000 worth of insurance during 1916. The total income during the year was $152,305. The death rate was only 73 per cent of the expected and the lapses 33 per cent of the new business. The company proposes to erect a home office in Atlanta, Ga. Tenn C The North Carolina Mutual andProvident Association submitted the following formation taken from its annual report for 1916 to the Insurance Commissioner of the State of North Carolina: Insurance in force $8,259,664.00 Gross collections for 1916Ledger assets Gross assets Total admitted assets (non ledger assets deducted) ... .Liabilities (including $201, 964.09 LegalReserve—American Ex. 31/2 %) Surplus C The following reported factsshow the Negro migration and 501,198.43  207,652.26  243,411.75 232,964.40 23,591.30 somewhat  its suc cess: The Dean Steam Pump Company of Holyoke, Mass., is employing 75 Negroes and is said to want 300 more; the Negro population of Detroit has doubled within ten years; Philadelphia has 15,000 new C The Home Sanitarium conducted by labor for the first time, thirty-five are now Negro workers; the Carnegie Steel Company of Newark, N . J., is employing colored Dr. Kennibrew at Jacksonville, 111., has at work and more are wanted; at Noank, performed 817 operations with only seven Conn., Negro mechanics are being employed deaths. It has recently been rebuilt and reat Palmers' Ship Yard for the first time; furnished. the Stove Works at Dover, N . J., are beC The new Negro pavilion of Memorial ginning to employ colored men; Kaufmann's, the largest department store in Hospital, Richmond, Va., will cost $175,000 Pittsburgh, has replaced its delivery force with 251 colored men. (I J. A . Stevenson hassistant chemist at theCompany at St. Louis.lock manufacturers, ofare employing a number been appointed as Sanitol Laboratory  Yale and Towne,  Stamford, Conn.,  of colored men. G The first Federal Farm Loan Association for Negroes is about to be organized in Greensboro, N . C. 240 C J. E. Wiley of New Albany, Ind., is again seeking to start cotton mills with colored help at that point. A shirt factory has been opened by two colored women, the Misses Dismukes and Stevens, at Nashville, C The Norfolk, Va., Journal and Guide has built a new building especially for its work. SOCIAL PROGRESS THE first Negroes, a tribe of blacks, seen in the new World was at Qugrequa, by Vasco Nunez in the year 1513. These blacks were supposed to havewrecked upon the coast. Willtorians unravel the mystery?cross the Equator into Brazilperiod of Hanno's travels? been ship Negro his Did they  during the C A late report of the U . S. Census Bureau estimates that the total Negro population of the continental United States was 10,903,537 July 1, 1916. (I A study 209,373.10  of death rates in Virginian cities shows an increase for whites and a decrease for Negroes. O Movements for Negro hospitals are on foot in West Virginia and Pittsburg, Pa. C The Colored Orphan Asylum at River-dale, N. Y., has for the first time a colored head nurse, Miss Sara Henderson. C The Baltimore Provident Hospital is to have a free dispensary connected with it. and the contract for construction has just been let. It will have seven stories and a basement and space for 40 patients in private rooms and 106 in wards. There will be a nurses' home to accommodate 108 nurses. d Fair HavenUniversity hasthe last nine100 operations. Infirmary of Morris Brown  treated 210 patients during  months and has performed (I On Saturday, February 17, 400 nurses of the Department of Health of the City of New York made house to house in THE HORIZON vestigations of the chief areas of colored population in order to take an illness census and gain information for improving health. C Tulsa, Okla., has a new colored public library. C The two colored police officers of the colored town of Boley, Okla., were foremost in capturing two white bank robbers of that section. C The new sheriff of St. Louis has appointed two colored deputies, J. E. Mitchell and R. E. Harris. 0 Dolly Farrior, one of the wounded survivors of Carrizal, has been given a position as messenger in the War Department. After two weeks in jail, he C Mrs. Mollie Durham Randolph of Pittsburg, Pa., has been made mind. officer. C Colored Odd Fellows of Providence, R. I., have just dedicated their new three-story lodge building which cost $20,000. C The Negro Welfare League of New Jer sey, is undertaking to care for the new immigrants from the South. C The colored town of Taft, Okla., has a telephone exchange with colored girls, a colored station agent and a colored tele graph operator. C Major R. R. Jackson, a colored member of the Illinois legislature, has been ap pointed to four of the most important com mittees of the House, including those on appropriations, congressional apportion ment and military affairs. C The Masons of New York City are plan ning to erect a temple to cost $100,000. It will be built at 204-206 West 131st street. d A t the Troup County, Ga., annual fair, colored people were for the first time allowed to compete for prizes with the whites. The result was that they carried off three first prizes and three second prizes. C The Brooklyn Home for Aged Colored People has received a bequest of $1,000 from the will of Mrs. Sarah Gibb, a white woman. O Colored people of Kansas City, Mo., are protesting against the renewal of the license to a colored gambling house. C Pollard, of Brown University, has been put upon the Outing Magazine "Football Roll of Honor." The magazine says: "Among backs the writer hands the award for first honors of those he has seen to Pollard ofthe Army has(I There will Mississippi Centennial Exposition which will be celebrated at Gulfport, next December that state to the Union. Perry W. Howard, of Jackson, is chairman of the colored commission. C The Supreme Court of the State of Tennessee has upheld Jennings' will. Jennings, 1,000 acres to Betty Hicks, a colored woman, by whom he had ten children. The will was drawn up by a white lawyer who refused to testify to his signature until paid $1,000 which he claimed was due him. 241 Brown. Even Oliphant of  nothing on this colored boy."  be a Negro department to the C Governor Whitman has$60,000 to be given to thement of New York State for C Private Rufus Williams, a colored trooper of the 24th U . S. Infantry, is the welterweight champion of the U. S. Army. C The Court of Appeals, of Maryland, has decided that the trust fund created by Carolina Donovan for transporting Negroes to Liberia, is no longer needed for that purpose and shall revert to Mrs. Donovan's relatives. The fund amounted to $63,362. Of this sum $4,768 has been expended for transporting emigrants and $15,000 for education in Liberia. MUSIC AND ART FRITZ KREISLER , the distinguished violinist, played Coleridge-Taylor's "Viking Song" at the Apollo Club concert given in Boston on January 23. C "In the Wood of Finvara," by H . T.River" at the song recital of Miss Mary Jordan, an American contralto, at Aeolian Hall, New York City, on February 8. (I The Hampton Quartet was scheduled to sing at twenty meetings during the month of January in the State of Massachusetts. C Mr. J. Rosamond Johnson, Director of the Music School Settlement in New York City, gave a very successful recital under the auspices of the Young People's Club of Institutional Church, Chicago, 111., late in January. C. Mr. Theodore N. Taylor, a talented pianist of Chicago, 111., was heard in a series of changed his a juvenile court recommended  colored regi equipment. Burleigh, 242 TH E CRISIS concerts at St. Louis and Kansas City, Mo., EDUCATIO N and Muskogee, Okla., during the first week THE semi-centennial celebration of in February. Morehouse College, Atlanta, Ga., took place February 25-27. President G Of Mr. Joseph Douglass' playing at his Faunce, of Brown University, delivered the recital given in Stehle's Hall, in Altoona, anniversary sermon, and many distinon the eleventh of January, the Altoona guished persons were present. Tribune says: "Mr. Douglass gave a re G The dedication of the new Dunbar High markable performance. He playedKubelik's 'Pierrot Serenade,' requiring artistr School took place at Washington, D. C , in of high type, as well as technique, and he a celebration covering three days. Among was equal to all demands." those who took part were the Associate Justice of the District Supreme Court, Commissioner Brownlow, of the District C Mr. Alexander Russell, concert director Commissioners, the president of the Board at the John Wanamaker Store in New nf Education, the U . S. Commissioner of York City, again devoted his Lincoln Week Education, the Hon. A. H. Grimke, Judge concert chiefly to Negro music and Negro R. H . Terrell, the Hon. R. T. Greener and musicians. The Wanamaker Colored Chorus, others. A n elaborate musical program incomposed of employees of the Wanamaker cluded renditions by Roy W. Tibbs and Store, sang Negro-American folk songs and Henry T. Burleigh. A part of Edmund Roscompositions by Will Marion Cook and R. tand's "Chantecler" was rendered. Nathaniel Dett. Miss Ethel Richardson, C The National Association of Teachers in the assisting artist, played from the pianoColored Schools will meet in New Orleans, forte works of Coleridge-Taylor. in July. Arrangements for their reception G The Westchester Negro League held its are already being made. eighth annual assembly in honor of Lincoln G The Rev. H. A. Booker has been appointed and Douglas at Yonkers, N. Y., February a member of the Local School Board of the 12. Mr. George W. Harris, Editor of the Borough of Manhattan. New York News, was the master of cere C David A. Lane, Jr., of Washington, D. C, monies. The speakers included Hon. Benjamin L. Fairchild, member of Congress- won the class of '68 prize speaking at Bowdoin Collegeelect, and Mark D. Stiles, Editor of the competitors. His subject was "The Task of Mount Vernon (N. Y.) Daily Argus. the College-Trained Negro." C The Ogden Auditorium of Hampton Institute will cost C Mrs. Maud Cuney Hare, pianist-lecturer, has already been raised. It. will seat 2,400 and Mr. William H. Richardson, baritone, persons. of Boston, Mass., are on concert tour in the Middle West. During the first two weeks in February Mrs. Hare gave the G Greenville County, S. C , spends $10.58 lecture-recital "The Contribution of the per year for each of her 9,729 white pupils Afro-American to the Art of Music" in and $1.19 per year for each of her 4,201 en Evanston, Chicago, Decatur and Jacksonville, 111.; St. Louis and Jefferson City, rolled colored pupils. The white teachers Mo., and Topeka and Kansas City, Kansas. receive an average annual salary of $510 for men and $337 for women. The Negroes re ceive $87 for men and $79 for women. The G The Hampton Choral Union, composed of white school houses are worth $288,135 all the colored choirs in its vicinity, and with an equipment worth $22,198. The directed by R. N . Dett, arranged a recital Negro school houses are worth $30,830 and for David and Clara Mannes which proved the equipment worth $2,856. a rare treat. The Institute choir and G The General Education Board has made chorus assisted. the following appropriations: For Negro G Among the new singers who are to be higher education, $50,000 to Fisk University; for Negro general education, $85,000 noted are Miss Maud J. Roberts, of Chicago, a pupil of Herman DeVries; Miss Cleota J. Collins, of Cleveland, Ohio, and to Spelman Seminary, Atlanta; for the Medica current expenses of colleges, $7,500 to MeharryUniversity; for the current expenses of pre- Mr. L. B. Deppe, the baritone of Springfield, who is studying in New York. 243 THE HORIZON paratory schools, $5,Q00 to the Penn Normal, in Columbia, S. C, and at Paterson, N. J. $2,500 to Fort Valley and $2,000 to Manassas; to the Jeanes Fund for supervising in The beginning of a series of events which dustrial rural teachers, $15,000; and $25,000 will celebrate the fiftieth anniversary of for the Home Makers' Clubs for Negroes. Howard University, start in March with an (I Miss Josephine T. Washington, of Wilberforce, reunion, received the highest 1, Convention  in alumni March Ohio, at mark contest provide Negroes Alpha educational physiology at the Harvard summer school. (I In Atlanta, Ga., 5,000 Negro children can not be admitted to the public schools for lack of room. C Double taxation on the part of Negroes to give themselves school facilities in the South is widespread. Baton Rouge, La., colored people have just raised $3,000 for the indus trial work of their schools. Citizens of Paris Island, S. C , have bought land and erected a school house. C The porch of a condemned colored school house at Bluefield, W. Va., fell recently injuring eighteen children. C The colored A. M. E. Church has bought a beautiful school site at Tullahassee, Okla., where the U . S. Government formerly maintained a school for Indians. A new school will be started there. C It is probable that the present Congress stant American labor and that this labor will pass the bill for National Aid toVocational Education. The measure that aid to the states, amounting at first to $1,700,000 annually and increasing till it reaches a maximum of $7,200,000 in nine years, shall be apportioned as rapidly as the State Legislature shall provide through state boards for its proper expenditure. The schools aided by the Government must be public schools, must be of less than college grade, and must be designed to prepare boys and girls of over fourteen for agriculture, trade, and industry. (I In a recent examination for teachers at Baton Rouge, La., 116 of the 366 white applicants were successful, and 133 of the 404 Negro applicants. C The Teachers' Association of the Danish West India Islands was formed in September at a meeting in St. Thomas. Mr. A. Francis was elected chairman. MEETINGS Hall, Washington. C The Inter-State Literary Association, of Kansas and the West, held its twenty-sixth annual session at Topeka, Kan. There were four days of exercises including an oratoricalpresided. G A conference on Negro migration has been held by the National Urban League in New York City. Among the speakers were the U . S. Commissioner of Migration and representatives of the Erie and the Pennsylvania Railroads. The conference came to the following conc'usions: I. That this is the time of all times for Negroes of the South and whites of the South to arrive at a better understanding of each other and of the value of the two races co each other. II. That the Negroes' industrial opportunities in the North are unusual; that northern employers are securing and can secure Negro labor, dependable, loyal, con should not be abused or exploited, but should be cared for as well as any other labor. III. That, although thousands ofhave left the South since April last and more are to follow, still the great mass of the Negro population of the United States will remain in the Southland. C The sixth annual session of the Oklahoma State Negro Bar Association was held at Boley. Mr. C. D. Corbett was elected president. C The ninth annual convention of thewas elected president, and the tenth annual convention in 1917, was called for Philadelphia. POLITICS THE question of the citizenship of the inhabitants of the Philippines, Porto Rico and the Danish West Indies has not yet THE twenty-sixth annual TuskegeeConference met in January. Many people been settled satisfactorily by Congress. Con attended. Other farmers' conference; met tradictory judicial decisions make the pos at Georgia State College in February and at sibility of citizenship for Filipinos question Fort Worth, Texas. Race conferences met able. The new Porto Rican Bill retains cer THE 244 tain property qualifications which make office holding on the part of the natives difficult. In the case of the Danish West Indies, nothing has been settled concerning the status of the 30,000 colored inhabitants. C A t Memphis, Tenn., 3,000 members of the Lincoln League, which smashed the "Lily White" Republican organization at the recent election, had an enthusiastic meeting and reelected R. R. Church, Jr., as president. Ga. C The Lower House of the TennesseeLegislature has passed a women's suffrage bill respective dioceses in West and South omitting the poll tax provision which is relied, upon to keep colored men from voting. PERSONAL THE necrology for the month includes Alexander Walters, senior bishop of A. M . E. Zion Church, whose funeral was attended by hundreds of people at Mother Zion Church, New York City; James H. Hayes, of Virginia, the noted agitator for the Negroes' political rights; Joe Brown, one of the South's leading florists at Nashville, Tenn.; Lewis H. Berry, of Brooklyn, N. Y., a messenger on Governor's Island; Richard Wallace, the first American seaman to be killed in the new German submarine policy; Mrs. R. E. Jones, the wife of the editor of the Southwestern Christian Advocate; and Young Turner, of Lebanon, 111., an ex-slave who left an estate worth $47,000. C Mr. J. C. M. Comisswing, who died in Grenada, B. W. I., last summer, was one of the most brilliant and progressive young Negroes in the British West Indies. He was manager of one of the largest cocoa and sugar estates in the Island and a partner in the dry goods house founded by his mother. C Dr. Charles E. Bentley was successfully operated on at Provident Hospital, Chicago, for appendicitis during December. C Dr. W. E. B. Du Bois was discharged from St. Luke's Hospital, New York City, January 22. He is rapidly regaining his strength and normal health. He wishes to express to his friends, known and unknown, in many parts of the country, his deep ap preciation of their thoughtfulness and en couragement. C E. A. Bryant, a colored man and the oldest railway postal clerk in the state ofhas served as clerk for over thirty years, and lives in Jacksonville. CRISIS G Dr. P. O'Connell, formerly a professor in Gammon Theological Seminary, South Atlanta,Morgan College, and also pastor of Cory Church, Cleveland, Ohio. G L. P. Henderson has been appointed deputy clerk in the office of the probate judge, Columbus, Ohio. C Curtis J. Wright, of Boston, Mass., has been appointed bail commissioner. C Bishop I. N . Ross and Bishop Beckett of the A. M. E. Church, have sailed for their Africa. C Corporals Jake Mundy and Benjamin Sanders are to be transferred to the reserves after serving four years with the colors. C Franklin A. Denison, colonel of the celebrated 8th Illinois regiment, has been appointed an assistant to the Attorney General of the C It is stated that John McDuffy, a Negro planter near Columbus, Ga., has worked out a novel means of eradicating the boll weevil which is destroying the cotton plant over wide areas. C L. J. Rice, a colored police?nan of Dayton, Ohio, for the past eight years, has been transferred to the detective department. G Two persons have written the CRISIS for help in tracing their lost relatives: B. C. Irvin, of the Elks Club, Helena, Montana, wishes to locate Mrs. Marie Williams, whose maiden name was Mollie Cain. When last heard of she was traveling with the Barnum of Valdosta, Ga., is trying to find her family. They were sold in 1861 from Washington, D. C, to Richmond, Va.; Mrs. Rachael Taylor and three daughters, Eliza, Mary and Anne Taylor. Their purchaser was named Beasley. C Walter Parrot, of Cranford, N . J., a fifteen-year-old colored boy, rescued the twelveyear-old daughter of Harry D. West, white, who had broken through the ice. G The Rev. Frederick A. Summer, the pastor of the white Congregational Church at Milford, Conn., has been elected president of Talladega College, Ala. G J. N . Correa Toca, a Mexican, and from his picture, evidently of Negro descent, is a Florida,sculptor ability. was recently most injured in a wreck. He of His important work is the great Madero monument, a model of which is in the National Academy of Arts, in the city of Mexico. 245 THE HORIZON TH E CHURC H The object of this organization is to raise a fund of one million dollars for the relief THE law suit for the possession of the of the widows and orphans of the brave and valuable printing plant of the Baptists gallant black soldiers of France. at Nashville, Tenn., has begun between Dr. (I The French Chamber of Deputies, as an R.	 H . Boyd and the representatives of the answer to the inuendoes of the GermanEmperor, Baptist Convention. black troops: Colored Deputy, Diagne, in C The Episcopal Synod, of Arkansas, after his own name and that of his colleagues, debate approved a plan for the election of a made a declaration of which the following is Negro Suffragan bishop whose salary shall the conclusion: be paid by the Board of Missions. It is probable that such bishops will be elected in "We cannot be sufficiently grateful for Texas and Arkansas. the immense benefit we have received from C The colored South Carolina conference of the Convention which enables us to sit here the M. E. Church during the last conference with you on the footing of perfect equality. year has raised $11,500 for the Freedmen's That is why, in 1914, when France was at Ai d Society. Most of this money is for the tacked, all Frenchmen of the colonies, with endowment of Claflin University. out distinction of race or color, united in C St. John's Congregational Church, Spring close solidarity to come forward to defend field, Mass., under the Rev. W. N. DeBerry, it." (Applause.) has paid off a mortgage of $12,000 during the last year and established an incorporated The President of the Commission for Foreigncharities association. During the year the name of the Government, rendered homage church has come into possession of real esto the native troops and the Chamber voted tate valued at about $10,000. unanimously a resolution expressing to all C The colored Y. M. C. A., Nashville, Tenn., defenders of the country, without distinction has purchased Duncan Hotel for its activities. In St. Louis, Mo., a site at the corner of origin, race or color, testimony of gratiof Ewing and Pine Streets, has been turned tude. over to the colored Y. M. C. A., and a $150, 000 building is to be erected. C A plan has been proposed to import Negroes fro C The first annual report of the Wabash It is opposed by the white trade unionists Avenue (colored) Department of the Y . M . and also by certain leading Englishmen who C.	 A., shows a membership of 1,078 and an declare that the Negroes would be more valuable average monthly attendance of more than farmers. General Smuts, of South Africa, 7,000. in replying to a public welcome, said that he had been surprised beyond measure at the FOREIGN splendid co-operation of the mixed forces of THE colored American Society for the his command and their wonderful work in Relief of French War Orphans has the campaign, which "perhaps was the hardbeen formed at Atlanta, Ga., with the pat est in the history of the world." The diffironage and co-operation of the French Consul. The appeal says: No doubt you are culties of the campaign were far greater aware that there are at present approx than had been anticipated. The young South imately 600,000 colored soldiers engaged in Africans, at the outset thought they could actual warfare, a fact not generally appre easily conquer the German black troops, but ciated by the great masses of Negroes in they soon revised that opinion and his felthis country. The maiming or killing of low officers declared that they never fought every black soldier deprives three or more against better or braver troops. black women or children of their bread. O At the annual meeting of the British Association for the president, Sir Arthur Evans, declared Every other race the world over, that is that European civilization, and especially not at war has contributed most liberally to civilization in Crete, was of Negro origin. the same cause. Are we less generous, hu"One must never lose sight of the fact," said manitarian or sympathetic for our own, he, "that from the early Aurignacian period than other peoples? It is wonderful how much suffering that a few dollars distributed in this way will relieve. onwards, a Negroid element in thesense of the word shared in this culture as seen on both sides ofrenees." GHETTO THE Negro Business League of Savannah,close the barbarities of the chain gang. It THE broadest  artistic  the Py has been shown that one convict,Youngblood, died from a flogging that he received sustained a Jim Crow school in Media. The Dickerson at the hands of a brutal guard. G The colored people of Ypsilanti, Mich., are fighting color segregation in their schools and have been refused redress by the Board of Education and the Attorney General. G From Philadelphia we learn that colored women have been admitted to some of the classes of the Central Branch of the Y. M. C. A., and to the gymnasium of the Central Branch of the Y. W. C. A. At the same time in Newport, R. I., the Y. M. C. A. is trying to get rid of all her colored members and to refuse admission to persons of Negro descent. G One of the pettiest instances of discrimination comes from Ames, Iowa. At the an nual meeting of the State HorticulturalSociety"Oh, they were all right," was the there was an intercollegiat answer. judging contest between the schools at Ames, G The residential segregation law has again and the Universities of Missouri and Nebraska. During the contest the University of been brought to the courts in Atlanta, Ga. Som Missouri team withdrew because William Cain, a Negro, was a member of the Ames team, and numbered to take part. The Ames team won the contest over Nebraska. G At Ashdown, Ark., Fred Edwards, a white youth, of Texarkana, has been sentenced to ninety-nine years in prison for attacking a colored girl. G At Downingtown, Pa., Mrs. Rebecca Simms, a colored woman, has been committed to prison for refusing to send her two daughters to a Jim Crow school. She was fined $4.40 but declined to pay it. Al l honor to Mrs. Simms. G Civil rights cases have come up in several states: In New York, the cafe proprietors who lost their case before the Ap pellate Court, have been further prevented from evading the adjudged damages of $1,000; in Topeka, Kan., Negroes have appealed to the County Attorney for their rights in theatres; in California a judgment of $50 and costs has been won against a theatre in Oakland for discrimination; in Chicago, the doorkeeper of the Franklin The CRISIS atre has been adjudged guilty of discriminating against two colored persons; on Staten ment of $100 against a lunch wagon which discriminated. C The Texas Supreme Court has refused to Ga., has employed council to dis rule that Negroes cannot ride on Pullman cars. The Pennsylvania lower courts have excuse was that all the colored children were "backward." A colored lawyer, Mr. G. Edwardpal and asked him "How did he classify a six-year-old colored child who had never been to school?" The good principal replied, "B y the rest of his family. They were all backward, so I judged he would be backward, too." One of the teachers was asked, "If some of these so-called retarded students had averages of eighty and higher on the certificates, which some of the teachers issued." The reply was, "Yes, but they didn't mean anything, they were only issued to encourage them." "But what about the certificates issued to the white children?" was asked. C The legislatures of Washington and Wisconsin G Kansas is discussing a measure for separate Negro schools in the smaller cities. G Additional Jim Crow legislation for street cars is being discussed in Charleston, S. C. C A colored physician, Dr. Roscoe Giles, who stood at the head of the eligible list, has, after much argument, been appointed junior physician at the Tuberculosis Hospital, Chicago, 111.and he has since been ousted. G Two hundred striking Negro miners at the Banner Mines, near Birmingham, Ala., have refused to come out of the mines or to allow anyone to enter. The men are convicts and have quantities of dynamite. They complain of ill treatment. G Baltimore whites have been protesting against the site chosen for the new colored Y. M. C. A. So far their protest has been in vain. New Orleans whites have been protesting against the site of a Negro sanitarium. C Dynamiting of the better class of Negro homes has been resumed in Kansas City, Mo. Within a few weeks the home of Ben THE HORIZON Benjamin Williams, 2914 Woodland Avenue, pany is selling 25-foot lots in the subdivision has been dynamited twice. at an average of $150 to white persons and G In St. Louis, Mo., on the basis of possible reselling them at an average of $300 to segregation when the Supreme Court gives Negroes, and is doing so well that it has just its decision, the price of building lots to moved from the Merchants-Laclede BuildNegroes has been doubled. ing to larger quarters in the Boatmen's G The Olive Street Terrace Realty ComBank Building. Voice of Congo: "If your uncle had left us our hands, Albert, we could be of more use to you now! THE CRISIS ADVERTISER On account of the large number of replies received to our request for phrases for use in connection with our Double Anchor trade mark, which NOTE: came from nearly every state in the Union, from Canada and the "West Indies, we have been unable to complete consideration of them in time for publication in this issue. Announcement will be made in the April number. FACTS FROM OUR FOURTH ANNUAL STATEMENT December 31, 1916 Total Income for the Year 1916 $152,305.66 Total Disbursements '. 84,905.07 Excess of Income over Disbursements $67,400.59 First Mortgages on Real Estate (Owned by Colored People) 57,040.00 Municipal Bonds Owned 110,467.35 Cash on hand and in Banks 34,477.41 Net Admitted Assets 247,411.31 Increase in Assets during the Year 88,258.00 Legal Reserve for the protection of all Policyholders 119,353.67 Increase in Reserve during the Year 67,574.21 Capital Paid In 116,632.50 Surplus as to Policyholders 126,124.24 Increase in Surplus to Policyholders 21,539.21 Paid Policyholders during 1916 19,012.91 Paid Policyholders since Organization 32,859.91 Actual to Expected Mortality 72.73% Lapse Ratio to New Business 33.00% Total Insurance in Force $3,300,000.00 A booklet giving in detail a summary of the year's operations and a comparative statement will be mailed to any address on request. Please \ send me \ STANDARD LIFE INSURANCE particulars \ about insurance. COMPANY Amount $. . . • Sex HEMAN E. PERRY, President Age HARRY H. PACE, Secretary-Treasurer Weight Height HOME OFFICE: Occupation . . 200 AUBURN AVENUE Name ATLANTA, GA. Address (C. Mar., 1917) Mention TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER BASKET BALL Will Anthony Maddens "INCORPORATORS" are the recognized colored basket ball champions of the world and have been during the seasons 1914-15-16. The big Incorporated team has a percentage of 1000, which is the very highest percentage that can be reached. To gain this unquestioned record the "Incorporators" have defeated practically every team of note in the United States and stand ready at all times with an open challenge to any team in the world, regardless of size, weight, age and ability. The next appearance of MADDEN'S "INCORPORATORS" will be at MANHATTAN CASINO 155th Street and Eighth Ave.', New York City FRIDAY NIGHT, MARCH 2nd, 1917 when they will meet FRED D. POLLARD and his PROVIDENCE COLLEGIANS in the most sensational basket ball game of the season. Note: Pollard of Brown University is the football marvel of the Age and defeated both Yale and Harvard. Come and see him play basket ball. ADMISSION . . . . 50 CENTS WILL ANTHONY MADDEN, Manager, 269 West Fourth St., New York City. Tel. 718 Chelsea. Other "Incorporators" games at Manhattan Casino: Thursday night, March 29th, 1917—Chicago Y. M. C. A. Friday night, April 13th, 1917—Lincoln Uni versity. Bookings open for season 1917-18 for both home games and road games. Address all communications direct to manager. Mention TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER THE NORTH CAROLINA MUTUAL AND PROVIDENT ASSOCIATION HOME OFFICE :: DURHAM, N. C. The Negro's Largest and Strongest Old Line Legal Reserve Life Insurance Company in the World. TOTAL CASH INCOME, 1916 --- $501,198.43 Insurance in Force (paid for) December 31, 1916 $8,259,664 ASSETS Ledger Assets $207,652.26 Non-Ledger Assets 35.75949 Gross Assets 243,411.75 Non-Admitted Assets 10,447.35 Admitted Assets $232,964.40 LIABILITIES Net Reserve (American Ex. 3 1/2%) : $201,964.09 Premiums and Interest paid in advance 351.04 Medical Examination Fees 382.98 Claims Awaiting Proofs 4,641.44 Other Liabilities 2,033.55 SURPLUS 23,591.30 Total $232,964.40 PURELY MUTUAL --- NO STOCK LIABILITIES JOHN MERRICK, Founder and President. A. M . MOORE , M . D., Secretary and Treasurer. C. C. SPAULDING , Vice-President and Genl. Mgr. J. M. AVERY, Asst. Genl. Mgr. E. R. MERRICK, Asst. Secretary. Mention TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 26l THE Authorized Biography of Booker T. Washington Builder of a Civilization By EMMETT J. SCOTT for 18 Years Secretary to Booker T. Washington and LYMAN BEECHER STOWE Preface by Theodore Roosevelt The dramatic accurate story of one who rose from slave boy to be the recognized leader of his race and to take his place for all time among America's great men. A trenchant and graphic picture of the man himself as known by those nearest him; of his contributions to education, his position on the rights of the Negro and race prejudice, etc. The serious matter is relieved by many of the inimitable stories for which Washington was noted. This book furnishes a sequel to "Up from Slavery." Illustrated, Net $2.00 For gale at all book stores and at TH E CRISIS, 70 Fifth Ave., New York DOUBLEDAY, PAGE &amp; CO. Garden City N . Y. GIVE BOOKS 100 0 ONE THOUSAND DOLLARS SAVED 100 0 SPECIAL BOOK BARGAINS Masterpieces of Negro Eloquence. .$1.50 postpaid Race Relationship in the South, set, Life and Times of Frederick Doug-7 vols ._. $5.00 postpaid lass 2.50 N. B. Catalogue of , new and rare The Black Phalanx 3.00 books, pertaining to the colored race. YOUNG'S BOOK EXCHANGE :: 135 West 135th Street, New York City A Selected List of the Best Books on the Race Problem may be found on the back cover of this issue Mention TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER THE NEGRO AND HIS PROBLEMS Professor Raymond Weeks, Department of Romance Languages, Columbia University: "Since about the time I received your catalog (the most fascinating American catalog I have seen) I have intended writing to express my appreciation of what you have accomplished for letters in this country." This "fascinating" catalog is yours for the asking. The Facts of Reconstruction By JOHN R. LYNC H The Monroe Doctrine in Its Relation to Haiti By WILLIAM A. MACCORKLE Major Lynch, colored, now an officer of the United States Army, lived through Reconstruction, and took Mr. MacCorkle, white, formerly governor of West a lively part therein. He served as a Member of Virginia, who is one of the most distinguished lawCongress, later became Fourth Auditor of the Treasyers in America as well as an author of distinction, ury, and by far the greater part of his adult life in this volume particularly studies the operation of has been passed in public service. The late Sen. the Monroe Doctrine in its relation to the Republic Hoar in his "Autobiography" referred to Major of Haiti. The volume has attracted widespread atLynch in high terms. Illustrated. Fourth thousand. tention. It is particularly timely now. $1.00 by mail. $1.65 by mail. Life of Japan By MASUJI MIYAKAWA The Negro Races By JEROME DOWD Dr. Miyakawa, an eminent Japanese lawyer, student, and diplomat, in this volume writes intimately of Prof. Dowd, white, who holds the Chair of Sociology the Japanese people. H e represented Japan diploand Economics in the University of Oklahoma, has matically in this country. Prefaces by the Prince in preparation a series of volumes that relate to the of Nijo, Chairman in Chief Imperial House of Peers, Negro races, of which this is the second. The first and by Viscount Kaneko, His Japanese Majesty's volume, "West Africans," was published several Privy Councilor. Second edition, revised and enyears ago. The title of this volume, the second, is larged, now ready. $1.65 by mail. "East and South Africans, With a Full Account of the Slave Trade." The title of the third volume, now in preparation, is "The Negroes of America." Race Adjustment By KELLY MILLER $2.65 a volume by mail. Prof. Miller, colored, Dean of the College of Arts and Sciences, Howard University, is easily in the first rank of Negro teachers, writers, orators, and Haiti: Her History and Her Detractors leaders, and is so recognized on both sides of the Atlantic. This volume comprises his essays on the By J. N. LEGER Negro in America that won for him fame as a man M . Leger, colored, formerly represented Haiti as of letters when they were first published periodically. Minister to the United States, and later represented Third edition. $2.15 by mail. Haiti as a member of the Peace Conference, at The Hague. In Europe as well as in America he is regarded as one of the ablest men of his race. Two Out of the House of Bondage By KELLY MILLER editions: one in English and one in French. Illustrated. Each edition $3.20 by mail. This volume by Dean Miller contains the essays that he had written up to the time of its publication that were not included in his earlier volume, "Race Adjustment," and have been written since the earlier The Political History of Slavery in the United volume was published. Already the sale of this new volume has been large. $1.65 by mail. States By JAMES Z. GEORGE Gen. George, white, served in the Confederate Army, became Chief Justice of Mississippi, and later rep The Ku Klux Klan By LESTER AND WILSON resented his state in the United States Senate. This Prof. Walter L. Fleming, Ph.D., white, who occupies large octavo volume is the capstone of his long and the Chair of History in the University of Louisiana, illustrious life. He passed many years in its preparahas taken the original work by J. B. Lester and D. tion. Edited by William Hayne Lea veil, United L. Wilson, the most authoritative work on the K u States Minister to Guatemala. Introductions by John Klux Klan that has been published, edited it, added Bassett Moore, Professor of International Law and to it notes of his own, and has made of it a highly Diplomacy, Columbia University, and by the editor. valuable work indeed. Illustrated. $1.65 by mail. Illustrated. $3.25 by mail. Ethiopia By CLAYTON ADAMS Mr. Adams, colored, writes of the Land of Promise in this powerful novel,—the adjective is used de Prof. Cotter, colored, is the principal of one of the liberately. The ancient kingdom of Ethiopia has largest schools for Negroes in the South. Like Prof. passed away, but its name still lives, not only as the Ashby ami Mr. Adams, Prof. Cotter reveals Negro proper appellation of the Negro race, but also figura principally to to Negro kingdom Negro Tales By JOSEPH S. COTTER life in imaginative prose liction,—a branch oftively,literature designate which the invisible authors should give greate of native Africans and their descendants. $1.00 by mail. Order through THE NEALE PUBLISHING CO., 440 Fourth Avenue New York City New York City 70 Fifth Avenue Mention TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER THE NEGRO AND HIS PROBLEMS A prominent Southern white educator in a letter to the publishers says: "Your policy of absolute fairness with regard to the Negro question, along with your sympathy for the South, make me wish to cooperate with you as far as possible." Says a prominent Western colored educator to the publishers: "I am deeply impressed with the justice of your house. I sec often, and he never tires of speaking of your great work in behalf of the Negro in literature." Race Orthodoxy in the South By THOMAS PEARCE BAILEY Prof. Bailey, white, has held professorships in the Universities of California, Chicago, and Mississippi, and is now a professor in the University of the South. He has studied the Negro and his problems in every section of the United States. To the problems that confront the two races in America he has brought a trained mind and scientific methods. $2.15 by'mail. The Black Man's Burden By WILLIAM H . HOLTZCLAW Prof. Holtzclaw, colored, is the founder and the principal of the Utica Normal and Industrial Institute for the Training of Colored Young Men and Young Women, already one of the largest educational institutions in the South. Introduction by the late Booker T. Washington. Third thousand. $1.60 by mail. The Stranger By J. F. J. CALDWELL Mr. Caldwell, white, has written in "The Stranger" perhaps the greatest novel of Reconstruction yet penned. So, at least, able literary critics have said, and are saying. There are no leopard spots on this story. $1.50 by mail The Voice of Mizriam By JOHN WALTER PAISLEY Prof. Paisley, colored, for many years a professor of English Literatue, has assembled in this volume his own poems. The book deserves a place on the library shelf where Dunbar's fine poems are to be found. $1.25 by mail. The Key By JAMES S. STEMONS Mr. Stemons, colored, is the Field Secretary of the Joint Organization for Equalizing Industrial Opportunities and the League of Civic and Political Reform. He holds this work to be what its full title implies: "The Key; or, a Tangible Solution of the Negro Problem." Undoubtedly the work is a powerful study of the Negro and his problems. $1.00 by mail. My Ogowe By ROBERT HAMIL L NASSAU The Rev. Dr. Nassau, M.D., S.T.D., white, pioneer and explorer, was a resident of Africa for forty-five years, as a missionary, A scholar of high attain ments, in literature and in science, for more than half a century, now, he has contributed to the best modern thought. His many books take high rank without exception. But "M y Ogowe" is the culmination of his life as an ornithologist, an explorer, and a missionary. The work, which is a large octavo volume, contains 708 pages besides 50 full-page illustrations. $3.25 by mail. Redder Blood By WILLIAM M. ASIIBY Prof. Ashby, colored, was recently graduated from Yale. This novel, his first book, is a valuable contribution to the literature of his race. $1.00 by mail. Chief Characteristics of the Southern Negro By E. H. RANDLE Dr. Randle, white, formerly president of a Southern college, is well known as a student of the subject on which he writes. $1.00 by mail. The New Negro By WILLIAM PICKENS Dean Pickens, colored, Dean of Morgan College, was graduated from Yale in the highest grade of his class. There he won the Phi Beta Kappa Key and the Ten Eyck Oration. In this book, the full title of which is "The New Negro; His Political, Civil, and Mental Status," he discusses with great force and clarity nearly all the pressing political problems that now confront his race. $1.60 by mail. The Seed That Was Sown in the Colony of Georgia By CHARLES SPALDING WYLLY Col. Wylly, white, "has written an important book," says the Knoxville Sentinel. "The politician who is anything of a philosopher should profit by it, as should the student of history, and the lover of good literature. No one has better understood the institution of slavery, its mission and its defects." $1.35 by mail. Negro Culture in West Africa By GEORGE W. ELLIS Mr. Ellis, colored, was for eight years Secretary of the United States Legation in Liberia. Since his return to America, he has written extensively on the Negro and his problems, and has taken a prominent place among the leaders of his race. In many respects this latest book of his is the most important work on the Negro yet published,—the Negro in Africa. Illustrated. $2.15. by mail. When the Ku Klux Bode By EYRE DAMER Mr. Damer, white, for many years a writer on the staff of an important Southern newspaper, relates briefly the history of the Ku Klux Klan and the circumstances that brought that organization into existence. $1.00 by Racial AdjustmentsChurch The Rev. Dr. Reed,thoritatively on thetroduction by Adnaby mail. mail. in the Methodist Episcopal  By JOHN II. REED D.D., K.C , colored, writes au subject matter of his book. In B. Leonard, D.D., LL.D. $1.00 Order through Fourth Avenue  Fifth Avenue New York City New York City THE NEALE PUBLISHING CO., 440or THE CRISIS, 70 Mention TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER TH E LIFE A N D TIMES OF By The Author SECOND Of BOOKER T. EDITION •'The White JUST Man's Burden" READY WASHINGTON By BENJAMIN FRANKLIN RILEY President Early life, experiences as a Mrs. BOOKER T. EDGAR Y. MULLINS WASHINGTON common laborer, at Hampton, ventures in the world, diffi Southern Baptist Theol. Seminary says: culties, cultivation of cordial says: "It gives me great relations, scaling the slippery "Of incalculable pleasure to say that value to the life, deheights to national prominence, you have the approval velopment and prosof myself in the effort. influence, race organization, "I am altogether perity of the Negro work at Tuskegee, European sure that such apublicationwill do an and to the enlighten good." experiences, last years, etc. ment of all friends of the Negro race." ILLUSTRATED $1.50 NET NEW BOOKS OF GREA T INTEREST 2 2 ILLUSTRATED $1.50 NET AUTOBIOGRAPHY OF THE SLAVE-BORN BISHOP M Y LIFE AND WORK BISHOP ALEXANDER WALTERS A departure and innovation in Negro literature; a combination of Church history, race history, humor, tragedy and pathos. .. . It covers a period of forty years of activity in the Church as layman, local preacher, Minister and Bishop—forty years of active, honorable service to his Creator, and to his country; and to his race, forty years filled with thrilling and pleasant experiences—of lights and shadows—of ups and downs. Ask ANY Bookseller for At the CRISIS, 70 Fifth Ave. AT ALL BOOKSELLERS REVELLS' NEW YORK 158 Fifth Avenue, New York 17 N. Wabash Arcane, Chicago Mention TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Atlanta University Studies of the Negro Problems 19 Monographs Sold Separately Address ATLANTA UNIVERSITY CONFERENCE ATLANT A UNIVERSITY a ATLANTA. GA. The Curse of Race Prejudice By James F. Morton, Jr., A. M. A n aggressive exposure by an Anglo-Saxon champion of equal rights. Startling facts and crushing arguments. ' Fascinating reading. A necessity for clear understanding and up-to-date propaganda. Belongs in the library of every friend of social justice. Price 25 cents. Send order to JAMES F. MORTON, JR. 211 West 138th Street •:• New York, N. Y. $25.00 PER WEEK may be made in commissions by parties handling History of Negro Soldiers in Spanish-American War" combined with "History of the Negro Race." 4Q0 pages, 50 illustrations. Price $1.25 net. Address: E. A. JOHNSON 154 Nassau Street NEW YORK The Truth about the Bible—introductory price $2.00 Why Jesus was a Man and not a Women—$1.50 Sexology of the Bible—$1.25 The Duality of the Bible—$1.50 "The sex idea of these books make them the world's greatest books." E. B. Ramsey, M. D. "Will empty our insane asylums, hospitals, and jails." J. H. Powell, SL D. "The world'3 most revolutionary books." W. A. Swarm, M. D. You should read the sex idea of these books. Address the Author SIDNEY C. TAPP, Ph.B., P. O. Box 710, Kansas City. Mo. IPRESS NOTES Mme. Curtis's singing • DRAMATIC is beautiful, impressive and irresistibly popular. The golden beauty of her voice, so rich in Soprano enormous volume and clearness resembles the ZENA L. WARREN Child Pianist Liberty Bell. Wonder of the Age Zena L. Warren the 1 1 year old Pianist, is perhaps the moil talented little girl. Her playing is so pleasing it simply thrills, enthralls the most critical audience.— Boa/on Chronicle, Dec. 7, 1916 For Concerts, address: M. CARPENTER, Box 15, Sta. A, Boston, Mais, See the Selected List on BOOKS: the Back Cover Mention The Journal of Negro History Published Quarterly 100 Pages Edited by CARTER G. WOODSON THE JOURNAL OF NEGRO HISTORY is the official organ of the Association for the Study of Negro Life and History, which is now trying not to promote an isolated research into the history of the black race but to show how civilization has been influenced by contact with the people of color. This publication aims to popularize the movement to save and make available the scattered historical materials bearing on the Negro. In it appear scholarly articles and valuable documents giving information generally unknown. It is concerned with facts, not with opinions. Subscription price, $1.00 per year. Foreign subscriptions, 25 cents extra. Single numbers, 25 cents; 30 cents by mail. Checks should be made payable to TH E JOURNAL OF NEGRO HISTORY and addressed to CARTER G. WOODSON 1216 You St., N. W. Washington, D.C University Literary Bureau Manuscript Criticized and Revised Poems, Short Stories, Novels, Scenarios, Magazine and Press Articles, Sermons and Addresses. Advice on Publication Correspondence Solicited Strictly Confidential Montgomery Gregory Alain Leroy Lock ADDRESS: Box 102, Howard University, Washington, D. C. MailOrderDealers Let the Sell valuable instruction systems by cut price cou -4 in 1 pon under Money Back Guarantee. Big MARGIN. Coupon Plan Small Selling Expense. Complete Plan, Sample Increase Coupons and BARGAI N Bulletin sent on request. Your Profits Mail Dealer's Coupon System 521 Bo. Dearborn B treat, Chicago (all subfects) TEACHER S and Interpreters STANDARD TEACHERS' AGENCY Established 1897 1011 New York Avenue Washington, D. C. TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER EXCELLENT OPPORTUNITY for Men and Women School of Mechanical Dentistry Night or Day. Write for Booklet, etc. Complete in Eighth Months. 52 W. 135th St., New York City O. BRANSON &amp; CO. The SLAUGHTER SYSTEM introducing LYDA'S HAIR BEAUTIFIER PEOPLE'S HAIR Guaranteed to Grow Hair in SIX TREATMENTS or Money Refunded. Price 50 cents per box. Agents Wanted. System Taught by Mail or at College. Mrs. E. Slaughter Gamble 3001 LAWTON AVENUE ST. LOUIS. MO. LOOK HERE! A real substitute for cedar chests. Positively prevents moths, etc., from infesting receptacles of clothing, can store away her winter wear safely from the Natural Front Part ravages of all vermin. Circular free. Covers Entire Head EDWARDS SALES CO. BOX 148-X	 LIMA, O. Latest Styles of Wigs, Plats, Transformations, Puffs, Electric Combs. W e are the WANTED largest firm in this line. Send 2c for our new Catalogue. First-class Body Maker and Carriage Woodworker. First-class Trimmer. Steady employment for men The Old Reliable who can fill the bill. 	MME. BAUM'S HAIR EMPORIUM 486 8th Ave., New York City C. R. PATTERSON &amp; SONS GREENFIELD	 OHIO NATURAL HAIR WIGS Direct from the Manufacturer My Business is selling fine quality Human Hair Goods direct to the wearer by mail. Every wig is hand made by skilful workers, using only the best of materials and should not be confused with machine made goods which are frequently advertised at lower prices. MADE TO YOUR OWN MEASUREMENTS No. 4 WIG No. 14 WIG This wig is parted from This wig is parted the center in front of across the head from forehead all the way ear to ear, it also has a back to nape of neck part from the center on and is also parted across top of the head to the the head from ear to ear. nape of neck. There This wig can also be are two parts in the made with the part in front commencing from front commencing at forehead meeting the part either the right or left running across the head. side if so desired, for The dressing in front is which there is no extra in a swirl between the charge. Whe n this is parts with braided rolls not mentioned the wig each side of the swirl will be and also made with two braidthe center ed rolls in part. back. $14. $15. Wig No. i FREE — Illustrated Catalogue with instructions for ordering sent on request SATISFACTION GUARANTEED—All goods as represented or money refunded! ALEX. MARKS, P. 0. Box 26, Station "A" , New York City Mention TH E CRISIS 257 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER IF It Is For Your Lodge WE HAVE IT! We manufacture Lodge Regalia for every Fraternal Society. Cash or Installment Plan. Cheapest Badge House in the Country. Catalogue for your Society FREE . CENTRAL REGALIA CO. The Negro Regalia House. JOS. L.JONES. Pre$. N.	 E. Cor. 8th &amp; Plum Cincinnati. Ohio _Closed September 1st This Suit FRE E To Introduce Our Nobby Clothes in Your Town It's the very finest suit you ever saw. $50 couldn't buy a better one, but you can get it free. It's made to your measure from the run ,l beautiful cloth. Don't fail to get one of these suits. You ran earn it while you wear it and make $50 a Week by taking orders. Drop us a postal for latestsample outfit, selec you	 want and the cloth. Let us prove our amazing Wesendeverythingfree the same dayyour request THE OCEAN HOUSE is received. Address Paragon Tailoring Co. Dept 351 Chicago SEA ISLE CITY, N. J. This hotel is right on the ocean front. It has wide porches, large conservatory dining room where one has a beautiful view of the sea while dining, and every room opens on the ocean. Special rates for July; room and board, $8.00 per week. Personally managed by Mrs. Lucy Lee, 5 Plain St., 'PAINLESS treatment for | CORNS, BUNIONS.In- GROWN NAILS, Elmhurst, L. I. Address after June 22nd, Ocean other AILMENTS of the FEET. House, Sea Isle City, N . J. OR. WILLIAM J. CARTER CHIROPODIST the States of New York and Telephone 1284 Audubon. 167 West 136th St., New York City. SEEING IS BELIEVING Comfort Moof Closet •Odorless,	 Sanitary, Germ-proof. Can be placed anywhere in borne. guarantee of We Pay Express or ParcelPost Charge healthy, sanitary conditions. Sell on Sight—Wonderful Value ABOLISH OUTDOOR CLOSET Biggest Bargains you ever saw Have city conveniences. Germ-life killed instantly by Made as you like them. chemicals. Emptied once a month. Needs no other attention. Boards of Health endorse. Write for literature. AGENTS WANTED AT ONCE Agents wanted — BXCIUBIVP territory Write Today for FREE Samples We make suits to measure from $7.50. and raincoats from $3.85 up. Our agency outfit and all samples are sent to you entirely FRE E of any expense. Just mail as your name and address.' Grasp this opportunity. It can make you indeAGENTS $60 WEEKLY pendent for life. Seeing »• believing. Robinson Folding Bath Tub. Big seller. Costs little, no plumbing, little water. Weight PRODUCERSand CONSUMERS ALLIANCE 16 pounds, folds Into small roll. Full length baths, Dept. 242 Wholesale Tailors, Chicago 9 'nr better than tin tubs. Guaranteed 10 years $10 a day easily made, ^'—to for free tub offer. ^ B0BIHS0H CABINET MFG. CO Factories Bldfl., Toledo, Ohio LADIES MAKING MONEY WITH QUINO COURSE *^SXT*L*i little time. Be our agent. Sell our goods and make money. Quino Hair Grower, 50c, Temple Oil, 75c. Try a box. Write QUINO, 636 Fogg Street, NASHVILLE, TENN. Mention TH E CRISIS TH E CRISIS ADVERTISER Your Next SuitFREE telephone 5277 Morningside DR. GERTRUDE E. CURTIS SURGEON DENTIST 188 W. U5th Street New York Citj Send" postal today for foil in formation how to get your new euit. made to measure. without a enny's cost. $30 to $40 would not buya better one. Simply wear it, tell your friends where yon got It- take their orders—and make $10 to $15 a Day in your Spare time. It is dead easy—yon never saw a nobbier suit or a more stunning pattern, cat in very latest style. Your choice Of CO fabrics and 32 styles. Drop oa B postal card for heavy pattern book, inside information about styles, self- measuring blanks, etc. DON' T WAIT. We prenav TV livery Charges .Mail Postal NOW! American Woolen Mi'Is Co . Pt"t Sol Chicago CLOTH SAMPLES FREE Big selection of cloth samples- Guaranteed all-wool Serges.new fancy Worsteds, stylish Cassimeres, all latest shades and patterns — everything go dressers wear — Free. Postal will brirj;. We make fine clothes for men individual measure, absolutely guaranteed to fit and please at prices that will astonish you. Don't buy suit or overcoat anywhere at any price—until you have pot our selection of cloth samples, faahion models, tape hoe. every thing Fro*. Stop paving high prices for clothes. Write quick for our amaiinc suit oH;r. THE CAPITOL TAIL0RS1De.ptJ21J_Chicag^ SPECIAL OFFER A year's subscription to TH E CRISIS will be given to anyone sending in at one lime five new paid-up yearly subscriptions to TH E CRISIS. The offer holds good until midnight of March 31, 1917. TAILORED ' •To	 get you for a steady customer, this swell Dress or Business pants, tailored -to -measure, choice of 17 styles .Guaranteed for 18 months'. , 6olid wear, or Money Back —Quick.^ Genuine$5 value. Only 1 to a customer. Not 1c For Extras Al l novelty features are free—no charge for big Peg Tops, fancy caffs, fancy belt loops and pocket flaps. Pick your choice from our FREE or dering outfit containing over 1000 cloth and style combinations. PIN—GOLD Finished FREE vou ClaBBv.lapel pin with your first order only 350 on hand, set yours quick. CashProfitsing measuresof relatives and neighbors, young Nat. Spriggs made $139 in 30 days. Buy at lowest wholesale prices . U M -. . . . I for yourself. Write for CHICAGO TAILORS ASS'N. FRE E sampled today. Depl 329 615 So. Franklin St, CbicaQC Mention,.,„. ... /Central 104-W T Telephones: ( M ajn fi, HARRY E. DAVIS ATTORNEY-AT-LAW NOTARY PUBLIC 1607 Williamson Building Cleveland, Ohio Office L . D . Telephone 3297 Market Residence L_ D. Telephone 5277-M Market GEORGE A. DOUGLAS COUNSELLOE -AT- LA W Rooms 613-614, Metropolitan Building 113 Market St.. Cor. Washington, Newark, N. J. General Practice	 Notary Public WILLIAM R. MORRIS ATTORNEY AND COUNSELLOK-AT-LAW 1020 Metropolitan Life Building Minneapolis Minn. BROWN S. SMITH ATTORN EY-AT-LAW Offices: Suite 802 Sykes Block Near Third and Hennepin vfinneapolij Minn. Tel 5W7~ Tort Hilf Cable Addren, Epben EDGAR P. BENJAMIN ATTORNEY AND COUNSELLOR -AT -LA V 34 School Street	 Boston, Mass Telephone Connection W. Ashbie Hawkins George W. P. McMechen HAWKINS &amp; McMECHEN ATTORNEYS -AT -LAW 21 East Saratoga Street Baltimore, Md. Telephone Central 3087 HARRY M. COOPER Druggists' Specialties Chemicals, Drugs and Pharmaceuticals Write jor Quotations Room 612, 58 W. Washington St. CHICAGO, ILL. DR. KAPLAN, Inc. OPTICIANS 531 Lenox Ave., New York Valuable Formulas, Tricks, Illusions and Household hints, in our interesting magazine for two issues. SENT COMPLETE FOR 55 	10c CRAWFORD'S SPECIALTY HOUSE 127 West 134th St., Dept. C NEW YOKE CITY AGENTS WANTED! For our new book, Progress and Achievements of the Colored People. Showing the wonderful doings and new opportunities of our race, low price, many pictures, lightning seller, $10.00 per day. Ask for terms. Write quick. AUSTI N JENKINS CO., 7th St., Washington, D. C, TH E CRISIS A New Book by Dr. Du Bois THE NEGRO By W. E. BURGHARDT DU BOIS, author of "Souls of Black Folk," "Quest of the Silver Fleece," "Select Bibliography of the Negro American," etc. This is the authentic romance of the black man. Tt is a history of him at once scholarly, earnest and eloquent. He is considered from the earliest times, and the thread of his fascinating story is followed in Africa, .America, and wherever else it has appeared. To look at the Negro against the background of his history is to see him in a light fairer than that in which most Americans have seen him. 256 Pages—3 Maps —Cloth Bound At the low price of 60 cents net—By mail 66 cents Dr. Du Bois' new book is the latest addition to a remarkable series of low-prit'd new books with which everybody should become acquainted. TH E HOM E UNIVERSITY LIBRARY 94 volumes now ready Published by HENRY HOLT &amp; COMPANY, 34 West 33d Street, New York Is made up of new books by leading authorities. The editors are Professors GILBERT MURRAY, H. A. L. FISHER, W. T. BREWSTER and J. ARTHUR THOMSON. Cloth bound, good paper, clear type, 256 pages per A. volume. Each complete and sold separately --60c. net Postage extra " A growing wonder of enterprise and sound judgment. Each volume, entirely new, is furnished by an acknowledged expert; is brief enough and plain enough to be readable or even fascinating, scientific enough to be a condensed authority —and at the nominal price of 60 cents."—Hartford Courant. SOME SELECTED EARLIER VOLUMES: EVOLUTION By J. A. Thomson LATIN AMERICA By W. R. Shepherd THE FRENCH REVOLUTION VICTORIAN LITERATURE By Hilaire Belloc By G. K. Chesterton ROME By W. Warde Fowler GERMANY OF TODAY PROBLEMS OF PHILOSOPHY By Charles Tower By Bertrand Russell EURIPIDES AND HIS AGE NAPOLEON By H. A. L. Fisher By Gilbert Murray THE CIVIL WAR By F. L. Paxson UNEMPLOYMENT By A. C. Pigou Order through the publishers or through The CRISIS, 70 Fifth Avenue, New York Mention THE CRISIS OK CRISIS Book mart You can order through the CRISIS any book printed at the regular publisher's price. "The true University of these days is a collection of books."—Carlyle. A Selected List of Books These prices do not include postage. Postage extra. NATIVE LIFE IN SOUTH AFRICA. (Sol. J. Plaatje) $1.50 HAZEL. (Mary White Ovington) 1.00 THE AUTOBIOGRAPHY OF AN EX-COLORED MAN. (Anonymous). 1.20 NORRIS WRIGHT CUNEY. (Maud Cuney Hare) 1.50 THE LIFE AND TIMES OF BOOKER T. WASHINGTON. (B. P. Riley). 1.50 A NARRATIVE OF TH E NEGRO. (Leila Amos Pendleton) 1.50 SOULS OF BLACK FOLK. (W. E. B. Du Bois) 1 2 TH E WHITE MAN'S BURDEN. (T. Shirby Hodge)...[&lt;!J 1.00 RACE ADJUSTMENT. (Kelly Miller) 2.00 HISTORY OF TH E NEGRO. (B. G. Brawley) 1.25 HALF A MAN . (Mary White Ovington) 1.00 AFTERMATH OF SLAVERY. (William Sinclair) 1.50 MY LIFE AND WOF,K. (Bishop Alexander Walters) 1.50 JOH N BROWN. (W. E. B. Du Bois) 1.25 NEGRO IN AMERICAN HISTORY. (J. W. Cromwell) 1.25 PRINCE HAL L AND HIS FOLLOWERS. (George W. Crawford)... 1.00 TH E HAITIAN REVOLUTION. (T. G. Steward) 1.25 NEGRO CULTURE IN WEST AFRICA. (George W. Ellis) 2.00 THE NEGRO. (W. E. B. DU Bois) 60 TH E EDUCATION OF TH E NEGRO PRIOR TO 1861. (Carter G. Woodson) 2.00 FACTS OF RECONSTRUCTION. (John R. Lynch) 1.50 LIFE AND LETTERS OF COLERIDGE-TAYLOR. (W. C. Berwick- Sayers) i 2.25 POEMS OF PAUL LAURENCE DUNBAR 2.00 MASTERPIECES O:? NEGRO ELOQUENCE. (Alice Moore Dunbar, Editor) 2.50 AFRO-AMERICAN FOLKSONGS. (H. E. Krehbiel) 2.00 OUT OF THE HOUSE OF BONDAGE. (Kelly Miller) 1.50 BOOKER T. WASHINGTON. (Emmett J. Scott and Lyman Beecher Stowe) 2.00 Address, TH E CRISIS, : : : : : 70 Fifth Avenue, New York