The Crisis . The CRISIS Vol. 12—No. 1 MAY, 1916 Whole No. 67 one dollar a year ten cents a copy Publisher's Chat Dr. Horace Bumstead of Brookline, Mass.. wrote us recently: In renewing my subscription to the CRISIS I have had to overcome two objections: first, the fact that there is so little matter in the magazine that I can skip, which makes it a dreadful time consumer when once it gets into my hands; and second, the monthly distress I am subjected to in thinking- of the people who ought to take it and don't. To alleviate the last objection 1 enclose some names for sample copies to be sent to and to emphasize the first objection I will say that Mr. Nash's article in the March number on "The Cherokee Fires" was worth a year's subscription for the light it threw on some of the hidden cross-currents of the race problem in the South. It is just such commendation as this which brings us joy and moves us on toward the 50,000 circulation. A Selected List of Books These prices do not include postage. Postage extra. Hazel.   (Mary White Ovington).......................... $1.00 The Autobiography of an Ex-Colored Man.   (Anonymous). 1.20 Norris Wright Cuney.   (Maud Cuney Hare).............. 1.50 A Narrative of the Negro.   (Leila Amos Pendleton)...... 1.50 Souls of Black Folk.   (W. E. B. Du Bois)............... 1.25 The White Man's Burden.   (T. Shirby Hodge)............ 1.00 Race Adjustment.   (Kelly Miller) ...................... 2.00 History of the Negro.   (B. G. Brawley)................. 1.25 Half a Man.   (Mary White Ovington)................... 1.00 Aftermath of Slavery.   (William Sinclair).............. 1.50 John Brown.   (W. E. B. Du Bois)....................... 1.25 Negro in American History.   (J. W. Cromwell)........... 1.25 Prince Hall and His Followers.   (George W. Crawford) . .. 1.00 Negro Culture in West Africa.   (George W. Ellis)........ 2.00 The Negro.   (W. E. B. Du Bois)..........................50 The Education of the Negro Prior to 1861.   (Carter G. Woodson) .......................................... 2.00 Facts of Reconstruction.   (John R. Lynch).............. 1.50 Life and Letters of Coleridge-Taylor.    (W. C. Berwick Sayers) ........................................... 2.25 Masterpieces of Negro Eloquence.   (Alice Moore Dunbar, Editor) ........................................... 2.50 Poems of Paul Laurence Dunbar........................ 2.00 Afro-American Folksongs.   (H. E. Krehbiel)............ 2.00 Out of the House of Bondage.   (Kelly Miller)............ 1.50 Address, THE CRISIS, : : : : : 70 Fifth Avenue, NEW YORK EDITION 38,500 THE CRISIS A RECORD OF THE DARKER RACES PUBLISHED MONTHLY BY THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE, AT 70 FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK CITY Conducted by W. E. BURGHARDT DU BOIS AUGUSTUS GRANVILLE DILL, Business Manager Contents Copyrighted, 1916, by the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People Contents for May, 1916 PICTURES Page COVER. Photograph From Life. "The Elocutionist." MEN OF THE MONTH 17 RESIDENCE OF MRS. C. J. WALKER 19 CARTOON. Woman To The Rescue. By John Henry Adams 43 ARTICLES ESSENCE. A Poem. By Georgia Douglass Johnson 32 NIGHT THOUGHTS. By E. A. Gibson 33 WHEN GENIUS IS NOT GENIUS. A Story. By O. C. W. Taylor 34 SLAVE'S SONG. A Poem. By Kelsey Percival Kitchel 36 GOSSAMER. A Poem. By Georgia Douglass Johnson 42 DEPARTMENTS ALONG THE COLOR LINE 7 MEN OF THE MONTH 16 THE LOOKING GLASS 20 EDITORIAL 28 NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE 37 CURTAINS OF GLOOM.. 41 TEN CENTS A COPY ; ONE DOLLAR A YEAR FOREIGN SUBSCRIPTIONS TWENTY-FIV E CENTS EXTRA RENEWALS : When a subscription blank is attached to this page a renewal of your subscription is desired. The date of the expiration of your subscription will be found on the wrapper. CHANG E O F ADDRESS : The address of a subscriber can be changed as often as desired, in ordering a change of address, both the old and the new address must be Riven. Two weeks' notice is required. MANUSCRIPT S and drawings relating to colored people are desired. They must be accompanied by return postage. If found unavailable they will be returned. Entered as Second-class Matter in the Post Office at New York. N. Y. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Atlanta University It beautifully located in the City of Atlanta, Ga. The courses of study include High School, Normal School and College, with manual training and domestic science. Among the teachers are graduates of Yale, Harvard, Dartmouth and Wellesley. Forty-six years of successful work have been completed. Students come from all parts of the South. Graduates are almost universally successful. For further information address President EDWARD T. WARE ATLANTA, OA. Knoxville College Beautiful Situation. Healthful Location. The Best .Moral and Spiritual Environ ment. A Splendid Intellectual Atmo sphere. Noted for Honest and Thorough Work. Offers full courses in the following departments: College. Normal. High School, Grammar School and Industrial. Good water, steam heat, electric lights, good drainage. Expenses very reasonable. Fall Term Begins September 21, 1916 For information address President R. W. Ale GR AX AH AX KNOXVILLE, TENN. The NEGRO AGRICULTURAL AND TECHNICAL COLLEGE of NORTH CAROLINA 1 Formerly the Agricultural anil Mechanical College for the Colored R^ce) GREENSBORO, N. C. SUMMER SCHOOL for progressive teachers. SEVENTEENTH ANNUAL SESSION Tune 26th—July 29th, 1916. Easy terms, practical courses, pleasant surroundings. For terms or catalog, address Dr. S. B. Jones, Director. Send $1.00 and secure lodging in advance. Jas. B. Dudley, President Greensboro, N . C. MOREHOUSE COLLEGE (Formerly Atlanta Baptist College) ATLANTA GA College, Academy, Divinity- School A n institution famous within recent years for its emphasis on all sides of manly development—the only institution in the far South devoted solely to the education of Negro young men. Graduates given high ranking by greatest northern universities. Debating, Y . M . C. A., athletics, all live features. For information address JOHN HOPE, President WILEY UNIVERSITY MARSHALL, TEXAS Recognized as a college of the First Class by Texas and Louisiana State Boards of Education. Harvard, Yale and Columbia represented on its faculty; students gath ered from ten different states. Strongest Music Department in the West M. W. DOGAN, President FISK UNIVERSITY NASHVILLE, TENN . Founded I860 Thorough Literary, Scientific, Educational, Musical and Social Science Courses. Pioneer in Negro music. Special study in Negro life. Ideal and sanitary buildings and grounds. Well-equipped Science building. Christian home life. J High standard of independent manhood and womanhood. For literature, etc., write FAYETTE AVERY McKENZIE, President STORER COLLEGE FOUNDED 1867 A co-educational institution. State Normal, College Preparatory, Musical and Manual Training Courses. Magnificent location; modern, well equipped buildings, laboratories, fine library; inter-school debates, declamatory contests, athletics, literary societies, Christian atmosphere. Educational ideals high. Address HENRY T. McDONALD, President Harpers Ferry, W. Va. Mention THI Cu m TH E CRISIS ADVERTISER The NATIONAL TRAINING SCHOOL "/ cordially commend the school's interest and needs to all who believe in the Negro race and in our obligation to help promote its intellectual, moral and religious uplift." REV. DR. CHARLES H . PARKHURST, New York City. IT IS MORE THAN A MERE SCHOOL IT IS A COMMUNITY OF SERVICE AND UPLIFT Its influence is destined to be felt in all sections of the country in improved Negro community life wherever our trained workers locate. Settlement workers, missionaries for home and foreign mission fields, Y. M. C. A. and Y. W. C. A. secretaries and district nurses receive a compre hensive grasp of their studies under a Wellesley graduate and experienced co workers and actual every-day practice through the school's SOCIAL SERVICE DEPARTMENT. A HIGH STANDARD COLLEGE DEPARTMENT has now been established. We aim also to create a better qualified ministry. Industrial training, advanced literary branches, business school. Thirty-two acres; ten modern buildings; healthful location. We can accommodate a few more earnest, ambitious students. Communities requiring social workers should write us. Next School Term Opens Oct. 4, 1916. For catalog and detailed information, address: PRESIDENT JAMES E. SHEPARD NATIONAL TRAINING SCHOOL DURHAM, N. C. TEACHERS AND PARENTS The Cheyney Training School Only the Best is Good Enough FOR YOUR BEST PUPILS. for Teachers THAT IS WHY you should send them, CHEYNEY, PENNSYLVANIA when you have them prepared, to Under the management of the Society of Friends. Beautifully lo Talladega College cated, healthful, well appointed. 40 teachers, 600 students, 815 acres of This school offers to young colored land, 20 buildings, electric light, steam heat, laboratories, library of 15,000 volmen and women who have a reaumes. COURSES: sonable secondary school prepara College Theological tion, and who earnestly desire to Teachers' 1'omcstic Science become teachers, courses in acaScientific Domestic Arts Classical Agriculture demic work, domestic science, doPreparatory Industrie? Music (with diploma) mestic art, manual crafts and All the best student activities and associa agriculture. Tuition is free. Board, tions. lodging, heat, light and laundry For Information Address privileges are offered for nine DEAN LARSEN months for Sioo. The entrance Room 21 Talladega, Ala. fee is $7. Fall term opens September 16, 1916. ST. MARY'S SCHOOL There trill be no summer school during iQf6. An Episcopal boarding school for girls, under the direction of the Sisters of St. Mary. For full information, write to Address: LESLIE PINCKNEY HILL, Principal. THE SISTER-IN-CHARGE 609 N. 43d St. W. Philadelphia, Pa. Mention TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Courses given in THE GEORGIA STATE INDUSTRIAL COLLEGE are INDUSTRIAL, NORMAL, COLLEGIATE. The most beautiful campus in the state. Good health, good board, good education at reasonable rates. R. R. WRIGHT, President, COLLEGE, SAVANNAH, GA. MORGAN COLLEGE AND BRANCHES JOHN 0. SPENCER. PhD.. President. MORGAN COLLEGE, Baltimore, Md. Location: Central in great college town between North an South. ('nurses: Preparatory, Normal, .Music, Advanced Education Collegiate, Appropriate degrees. Instructors: College and University trained. Seven College and Universities represented in Faculty. Dormitories: For a limited number, furnished. Terms: Very reasonable. Dean: William Pickens, Lit.D. PRINCESS ANNE ACADEMY, Princess Anne, Md. (Eastern Branch of the Maryland Agricultural College) Location: The famous Eastern Shore of Maryland, Somerest County. Courses: Preparatory, Normal, Industrial, Domestic Science .Music. Instructors: college and Technically trained. New lie mutinies: Furnished, steam heated, carefully super vised. Terms: Tuition free; other expenses moderate. SUMMER SESSION June lilith-AugusI Ith. Special training in Domestic Science, Rural Education,Terms: Entrance- tec. $1.IMI; Board, $3.00 per week: n tuition charges. Principal: Kev. Thomas H. Kiah, A.P. VIRGINIA COLLEGIATE and INDUSTRIAL INSTITUTE Lynchburg, Va. Location: On beautiful hill in suburbs of growing city, (nurses: Preparatory, Normal, Domestic .Science, Gardening Music, Instructors: College trained; carefully selected. Dormitories: Furnished; for fifty girls; .steam beat, electri light; carefully supervised. Terms: Within the reach of all. Principal: Frank Trigg, A.M . REGALIA A Race Enterprise Manufacturing Badges, Banners and Supplies for all Fraternal and Church Societies. Catalog upon request. CENTRAL REGALIA CO. Jos. L . Jones, Pres. N. E. Corner 8th and Plum Streets. Cincinnati. Ohio ROLAND W. HAYES, Tenor Recitals Concerts Oratorio Opera "An unusually good voice. The natural quality is beautiful. It is a luscious yet manly voice. Mr. Hayes sings freely and with good taste."—Philip Hale, in the Boston Herald. " A voice of unusual sweetness and calibre." —Chattanooga Times. Address: 3 WARWICK ST.. BOSTON. MASS. OF INTEREST TO VOCALISTS Tone-Placing and Voice Development, With Supplement Co-ordinating with Original Chapters Highly recommended a,nd endorsed by well known Choral and Musical Societies, Directors, Vocal Teachers and Musical Publications, as evidenced by the following extracts selected at random from those who know: Pedro T. Tinsley of Chicago is the first of the vocal teachers to realize the possibilities of Tone* Placing and Vowel Values (Study) as applied to music, and will soon be reaping his reward in the knowledge that he is helping thousands to a thorough musical education where he previously helped but hundreds. TH E MUSIC TRADES.  NatureI Study, endorse Organization, Book Management, and  etc highly School your School Tone-PlacingVoice-Development as being in a class by itself. This is my fourth order and will be able to use quite a number of additional copies very soon. G. W. WILLIAMS, B. M. A., 1214 Pease Ave., Houston, Texas. "Dear Mr, Tinsley: "I take great pleasure in commending your very useful and succinctly written book on 'Tone-Placing and Voice-Development.' Your own appreciation of the psychology of singing and the fundamental principles of the art you have cleverly reduced to a simple system. Cordially yours, "Father	 WILLIAM J. FINN, C. S. P., Director Paulist Choristers of Chicago." From "Musical Courier,'* N. Y.: "A very practical, little book is 'Tone-Placing and Voice-Development/ by Pedro T. Tinsley. It contains some very excellent material and vocal exercises, and should be in the hands of all,vocal students." From "Music News," Chicago, III.: "Accordingly this 'Practical Method of Singing' is a most concise and practical little manual, containing many valuable vocal exercises. It cannot fail to be helpful to all ambitious vocal students." PRICE $1.00 Address the publisher: Pedro T. Tinsley, 6448 Drexel Ave., Chicago, 111., or Clayton F. Summy, 64 E. Van Buren St.. or Lyon Si Healy, Adams and Wabash Ave., Chicago, 111. Concert Soloist LULA ROBINSON-JONES Soprano For terms write 126 West 134th Street, N.Y.C . Books? See the Selected List on the Inside Front Cover Mention THE CRISIS THE CRISIS Vol. 12—No. 1 MAY, 1916 Whole No. 67 Along the Color Line MUSIC AN D AR T THE concert of the People's Choral •* Society of Philadelphia, Pa., was remarkable. First, that silver tenor of Hayes; then, Lydia McClane, of striking beauty and beautiful voice, sang soprano. But most exquisite was the dark, sweet, full-bosomed contralto—Marion Anderson, who felt with her soft, strong voice the sorrows of God. Few voices have ever sung "He was Despised and Rejected of Men" with so deep feeling and significance. It brought a sob to the throats of two thousand. Al l this with the smoothness and training of a remarkable chorus made Handel's "Messiah" striking in its never-old beauty. If the fathers could have come from their graves and seen that audience— the trained singers—the slim, dark height of the leader, Alfred J. Hill, they would have said—What would they not have said? C A n unusual picture is that of "East and West" by I. L. Gloag, which is hung in a public gallery in New Zealand. The painting is that of a beautiful nude figure of a Negro girl. C Sir Herbert Tree, tl.2 English actor, was a guest of honor at a Shakespeare tercentenary celebration by colored actors at the Lafayette Theatre in New York City, where the audience is made up almost entirely of Negroes. A t the close of the performance Sir Herbert was introduced and addressed the audience. C Hartshorn Memorial College presented Shakespeare's "Julius Caesar" before an appreciative audience in the college chapel March 4th. C George V. Hobart's morality play,"Experience," ple's Dramatic Association of the Dixwell Avenue Congregational Church of New Haven, Conn. was granted by F. Ray Comstock and others for the presentation of this play. G The Douglas High School Dramatic Club presented Shakespeare's "Midsummer Night's Dream" at the Grand Opera House in San Antonio, Tex., March 23rd. C The "Andante" of the late ColeridgeTaylor's Violin Concerto in G minor has been arranged for the organ for concert use by J. Stuart Archer, and is published in London. The slow movement is consid C On April 2nd at Old South Church, Boston, Mass., President W. H. P. Faunce, of ered the best of the concerto, and Musical Brown University, spoke on "The Meaning of America." A concert by Roland W. Hayes, tenor, and William H . Richardson, baritone, with Maud Cuney Hare at the piano, preceded the address. Messrs. Hayes and Richardson were heard in operatic duets as well as solos. The audience was large and enthusiastic. C A recital of the life of Paul Laurence Dunbar was given at the New Century Club, Wilmington, Del., March 21st, by Mrs. Paul Laurence Dunbar, reader, and Roland W. Hayes, tenor, for the benefit America states that "Mr. Archer's transcription of it is effective enough to warrant its being studied by concert organists. Coleridge-Taylor's individual gift is very evident in this 'Andante'." GENERAL A "PEACE MOVEMENT" to heal the *• split in the National BaptistConvention D. C , February 10th. The meeting called attention to the calamitous results of allow of theTuberculosis Hospital for Colored People in Delaware. ing the union of the colored Baptists to be broken, and demanded: (1) Stopping in TH E CRISIS ported by the United States flammatory articles in the press; (2) Withdrawal of all law suits; (3) clined from 22.9 per thousandjustment of administration affairs by arbi21.9 in 1913. tration within the church; (4) A meeting Census, de Peaceful ad in 1912 to G Debating teams representing the College of the two Boards and the presentation of of Arts of Wilberforce, Union and Lincoln their cases to a joint meeting-; (5) Information as to the exact financial status of the Universities have debated the subject,Resolved, publishing department and the ownership Promptly and Substantially Enlarged and of its property; (6) A careful constitution Strengthened." The debates were held in for the National Convention. Brooklyn, N. Y., Wilberforce, O., and New C The National League on UrbanCondition Among Negroes offers fellowship thirty-five dollars a month for ten months, and tuition of one hundred dollars at the New York School of Philanthropy, New York City, and also fellowships of one hundred and fifty dollars at Fisk University, Nashville, Tenn. These fellowships arc-open to those who propose to engage inFisk University. C James E. Shepard, of theinviting the heads of colored educational institutions to meet at Durham November 21st and 24th. They are asked to take up questions of duplication of work, the training of teachers, the interchange of students and co-operation in the raising of funds. C The Association to Abolish War started in Boston declares: "We believe that war arises from fear, mistrust, race-hatred, commercial rivalry, covetousness and the desire to exploit weaker peoples. It provokes every kind of crime. It is the most cruel foe of women and children. It always uses the poor as its tools. It takes advantage of men's chivalry to destroy them. It wastes the means of human welfare and sets back a 1 progress." G There are twenty-six cities in the United States which have a population of 18,000 or more. In these cities there are 1,124,900 persons of Negro descent. There are about l37,000 Negro pupils in the elementary schools; 2,050 Negro teachers in the elementary grades and 175 Negro principals. Five cities have special training schools for York City. C On March 7th two Negroes were granted patents by the United States Government for their inventions: Tony Clemens, Big Valley, Miss., Applications may be for directebeesocial work. Number 1,174,392 a running gear for vehicles; and Ben Askew, Atlanta, Ga., Number 1,174,538, for an invention in cotton choppers. G The Foreign Mission Board of the National L. G. Jordan's election as its GeneralSecretary. that the Board has sent to Foreign fields 42 NationalReligious Training School, Durham persons; collected for their maintenance, transportation, houses in which to preach, teach and live, $307,S12.21; had under their care 38 students, and the Board and the Baptist churches have spent $57,000. Two young African students are studying to become physicians at Meharry MedicalCollege, month and the other next year. Among Rev. Jordan's greatest achievements is the reception and baptism of more than 40,000 persons into the fellowship of Baptist churches in foreign lands. Substantial buildings in South America and Central, South and West Africa have been erected. A special effort is now being made to raise, through the Baptist Sunday School, $7,000 Easter Sunday for this growing work in foreign lands. C The Southeastern Passenger Association has granted low rates for passengers to the eleventh annual Sunday School Congress which meets at Vicksburg, Miss., this year. PERSONAL colored teachers, namely: St. Louis,Baltimore, Washington, Louisville and white teachers and 4the colored schools,Charleston, S. C.  white principals and a number in  in WILLIAM H. MITCHELL , for thirty-four years a mail carrier in San Antonio, Tex., has walked more than 108,000 miles in the performance of his duties. He was one of the first four mail carriers (T The Negro American death rate, as reto serve in this city, and has served longer ALONG THE in the postal service than any other member of his race. Residents Mr. Mitchell has served have given him many valuable gifts as an appreciation of his faithfulness. Among them is a gold watch, a diamond stick pin and a horse and buggy. C Mr. Marcus Garvey, founder andAssociation of Jamaica, B. W. I., is now on a visit to America. He will deliver a series of lectures on Jamaica in an effort to raise funds for the establishment of an industrial and educational institution for Negroes in Jamaica. C H . M . St. Clair has taken up his duties as City Councilman in Cambridge, Md. C Taylor Parkman headed the list of 146 employees of the Birmingham &amp; Mobile division of the Southern Railway Company to receive medals for loyalty presented personally by the president. His services date from 1858, when as a slave, he was owned 9 COLOR LINE (1 After two years' service as stenographer in the law offices of Mr. Charles L. Dundey, one of Nebraska's best lawyers, Miss Ruth Seay has been named as one of the ten best law stenographers in Omaha. She is the only colored woman in Nebraska who holds such a responsible and remunerative posi president of the Universal Negro Improvement tion. (1 Miss Inez McAlister was chosen out of eleven school girls as one of the three to qualify for the Work Medal Contest which took place at Centennial High School Pueblo, Colo. ond place by the judges and in the final contest she won, being the first girl of Negro blood to take part in this contest. G The Rev. W. G. Avant, a colored priest, has resigned from the Episcopal Church. C Miss Eva D. Bowles, of New York, was made National Y. W. C. A. Secretary for Colored Work in cities at the recent Fiftieth Anniversary of the Young Women'sChristian has formerly served as a teacher, district visitor for the Associated Charities of Columbus, recor by the Alabama &amp; Tennessee River Company. Secretary of the Colored Branch of the Y. W. C. A. in New York. C Prof. John M . Marquess, principal of C James Burwell a student of the University of Pittsburgh, broke the Middle Atlantic Sumner High School, Kansas City, Kan., indoor dash in 5 2-5 seconds at the A. A. U. has been elected president of LangstonUniversity, Middle Atlantic Meet held recently in Pittsburgh, Pa. tural school of Oklahoma. C Adolph Hodge, who graduated from the Teachers' College of Howard University in 1913, has completed a course of study at the School of Pedagogy, Philadelphia, Pa., and won the Alumni Prize by his thesis on "Retardation Among Negro Children." He will take up his work as a teacher in the city of Philadelphia. C James P. Norwood, a former student of Tuskegee Institute, Ala., has invented a sanitary device for wrapping bread. C Leroy McAllister, a student of the George R. Smith College, Sedalia, Mo., de offered by the N. A. A. C. P. C Mrs. Ida Hudson has passed the state examination for embalmers in Oakland, Cal., and received her license to practise embalming. She will become a member of the undertaking firm of Hudson &amp; Butler, of which her husband is head. Mrs. Hudson is the only colored woman in the State of California who holds an embalmer's licence. G Rev. C. Y . Trigg is having much success as pastor of Warren Church, Pittsburgh, Pa. He has raised $3,000 on indebtedness, $8,000 on an old debt, and for all purposes between fifteen and sixteen thousand dollars. The mortgage of the church has been reduced $5,000, making the mortgage at present $18,000. C Charles H . Games, a noted paving contractor of Columbus, O., is dead at the age livered the best oration in theinterscholastic contests in Kansas City and won the cup of sixty. He served as superintendent of streets in Columbus, and was active in the Knights of Pythias and Odd Fellows. G Jessie Belford, fifteen years old, the eldest of five children, proved herself a heroine when a gas explosion wrecked their home in Windsor, Ont., and killed her father. Jessie climbed throug sion roof and saved the smaller children. C The will of the late Sanford Johnson, a Negro farmer of Stockton, Kan., who was born in bondage, leaves 640 acres of land THE CRISIS in Rooks County free from incumbrance, C Colored cooks on the Union Pacific dinand $7,000 worth of personal property to ing cars are being displaced by white men. his six children. C One of the finest motion picture theatres G Every juror signed the verdict of guilty owned and operated by Negroes in America of criminal libel in the case of Melvin J. was opened in Wilmington, Del., recently. Chisum, who made libelous charges against The theatre is incorporated under the name Inman E. Page, president of LangstonUniversity,Okla., in his Oklahoma City National Amusement Company, J. Victor The penalty has been left to the judge to assess. G Pierre Toussaint, of San Domingo, was a hairdresser noted for charitable work among the poor. He was especially noted for heroic work in the yellow fever epidemic. He was freed from slavery in 1810 and died in 1853. C The Rev. E. W. Moore, for nineteen ments $2,794,203. The insurance in force torate of the Second Baptist Church of years pastor of Zion Baptist Church,Philadelphia,Pa., has resigned to accept the at the end of that year amounted to $25,Columbus, Ohio. Mr. Moore has increased 804,365. The report is marred by wretched the membership of his church in Philadelphia from 311 to 1,180, and leaves property proof reading. valued at $04,000. C Thaddeus W. Wheeler, who was men tioned in the March CRISIS asunder the city government Ohio, has been dismissed fromEfforts are being made by theple to have him reinstated. INDUSTRY NICODEMUS is the name of pas three owningseveral hundre acre ago when the Union Pacific RailroadCompanyand members gave three thousan National Record Clerk of Dayton, his position. colored peo a town in Graham County, Kan., controlled by Negroes. It was established thirty years to a colony of Eastern Negroes, who with their friends moved to Graham. Most of them are farmers. C Judge Robert H . Terrell is president, and Attorney James A. Cobb secretary, of a movement to erect a seven-story hotel building for colored people in Washington, D. G , which will cost approximately $100,000. G Tobacco dealers of Connecticut are planning to import help from the South this year. Hampton Institute has been called upon to aid in the securing of this labor. G The Southside Drug Store in Macon, Ga., is rated as one of the prides of the race in the South. Dr. Constance Garner, the proprietor, is a graduate of the Pharmaceutical Department of Meharry Medical College, Nashville, Tenn. She came to this store as a clerk three years ago and has since purchased the business. Darnell, manager. Dr. Samuel G. Elbert is the owner. G The Commercial College of Howard University is issuing a series of studies on the Negro in Business. It finds in five States and the District of Columbia that the Negro insurance societies had in 1913 assets amounting to $1,554,166. The income was $2,812,207 and the disburse G Colored men in New Orleansed to own property as follows:000; two $75,000; two $50,000;five from $20,000 to $30,000;$5,000 to $15,000. are reportOne $100,five $35,000; eight from G Mr. C. T. James, of Bartow, Fla., began without a dollar about twenty years ago. Today he owns a first class general mercantile business, a market and a moving picture theatre. He is rated among the best merchants of the city. C Jersey City, N . J., has a colored building and loan association with one hundred and seventy shares. Dr. George E. Cannon is the President. G The Seaside Building Association, of Norfolk, Va., has sold $45,000 worth of stock. Dr. D. W. Byrd is President. C A dry goods, notion and shoe store has been opened in Natchez, Miss., in the Dumas Building. Mr. Bonner Bemiss is in charge. G Before taking the office of tax collector for Stites Township, St. Clair County, 111., B. F. Washington had to secure a bond of $200,000 as this Township includes the villages of Brooklyn or Lovejoy, andArmour &amp; Company, Morris &amp; Company, Swift &amp; Company stockyards are located. Mr. Washington's white friends furnished the bond and he is now tax collector for that township. G Robert F. Young, a waiter in the Big-Four Dining Car Service, has been put in ALONG THE charge of the Cafe Car. His efficiency has prompted the company to use other colored waiters in this capacity. There are now four holding such positions. C. The Ambler Company, bridge contractors of Philadelphia, Pa., employ a large number of colored laborers. H . Green, a colored foreman, has a gang of forty men under him and James G. Lightfoot, an expert pipe line man, is the only Negro doing this class of work. More colored help could be used. C Negro doctors have opened Morris Brown University Hospital in Atlanta, Ga. The Fair Haven Hospital, also maintained by Negro doctors, has merged with this institution and a large building which will accommodate hundreds of patients is to be built. NORTH ATLANTIC SUBSCRIPTIONS amounting to $37,351 have been raised toward the $50,000 campaign conducted by the Friends of Freedman's Association in Philadelphia, Pa., for the Negro school at Christiansburg, Va. C The Metropolitan Baptist Church in New York City is to have a new edifice on 138th street which is estimated to cost $100,000. Rev. W. W. Brown is the colored pastor. C Negroes were invited to join in the parade to celebrate the one hundredth anniversary of the incorporation of Pittsburgh, Pa., as a city. C Four colored pupils in New Rochelle schools won prizes offered to public school children for the best essays on "What the Rapid Transit Lines of New York City Mean to New Rochelle." Ernest Brown, a high school pupil, received five dollars in gold. No other high school essay received even honorable mention. Esther Eccles, Anna Brown and Edna Slaughter were each awarded $2.50 in gold. C The large number of people who attended the second annual Health Conference of the COLOR LINE 11 timore, Md., compares favorably with the best buildings for white children. C St. Luke's A. M. E. Church in Buffalo, N. Y., is planning to raise $20,000 for the erection of a new house of worship and a home for Negro working girls. A n option on property has been secured at 585 Michigan$1,000 toward the fund and the Rev. Henry Durham, pastor, will raise the rest by personal canvass. C Over $4,000 toward the $10,000 cam paign for Provident Hospital, Baltimore, Md., has been raised; $1,130 is cash dona tion. The waiters' team, headed by William White, raised $1,000.90 and received the silver loving cup offered to the team raising the largest sum of money. Mr. Hugh M. Burkett started the campaign because of the failure of the state to make its annual appropriation to this institution. (I A benefit for Robert Gould Shaw House avenue of Columbia,Maryland Maryland Colored Public HealthAssociationto the organization in 1915. held at It is the object Bethel A. M. E. Church, Baltimore, lic in the conservation ofof A. Hawkins, Kelly to health.Professors Mason Miller those connected with this organizationJohn R. Hawkins, Major R. R. Moton, Doctorsadd J. T. Finney states to the Charles one or more and confederation  Odonovan, Health Commissioner Blake and Father each year until they can form a National Griffith delivered addresses. Association. None but ethical practitioners C The new school building for colored chilare admitted and must be members of a lodren, at Jefferson and Caroline streets, Bal-cal or state society. Dr. D. A. Ferguson, 327 North First street, Richmond, Virginia, is president—The American Dentist, d In the Georgia Odd Fellows case the in Boston, Mass., wasPlaza and over $1,000stitution. C The legislature hastion of $96,500 for held at the Copley realized for the in made an appropria Bordentown Manual Training School, in New Jersey, this year, which is the highest amount the school has ever received. C Negro Republican voters of Atlantic City, N . J., are urging the selection of James A. Lightfoot, a Negro attorney, as a delegate to the Republican National Convention. SOUTH ATLANTIC THE Tri-State Dental Association of the District of Columbia, Maryland and Virginia is the name of an association of Negro dentists which was organized July 19, 1913. The territory taken in in the first place was the Districtwas 27. The first annual meeting was held July, 1914, and at that time the membership numbered 42, including the State of North Carolina which was formally added 12 THE courts have refused to restrain the subcommittee of management from suspending B. J. Davis and will probably turn the endowment matters over to the supervision of the Georgia State Insurance Department, which claims irregularities. Opponents of Davis have organized in Savannah. G The semi-centennial of the founding of Shaw University, Raleigh, N . C , will be celebrated at that institution May 5th to 11th. C The Richmond Negro Welfare League has issued its first bulletin. It aims to improve living conditions among colored people of Richmond. Mrs. Maggie L. Walker CRISIS C The colored Republicans of Richmond, Va., are contesting the right of delegates elected by the minority element of the party which barred them from their meetings. C The Alabama State Negro Business League, of which E . T. Atwell, of Tuskegee, is president, held an interesting and well-attended meeting in Tuscaloosa Apri l 16, 17 and 18. G The Rev. Charles Wright and Franklin is President and William N. Colson, Director. Hot Springs Library. given to Wright. Theup chiefly of men and C The First Congregational Church ofbership of that denomination in Georgia, celebrated its forty-seventh anniversary in April. 0 The leading colored citizens of Richmond, Va., in a mass meeting at True Reformers Hall, February 19th, presented to Father Hannigan a token of their esteem for his loyal service to the colored people of Rich debtedness of $4,800 at a Sunday morning-service. The remaining sum was pledged at an evening service. G The General Assembly has made an appropriation for the construction of a sanatorium for Negro consumptives in Virignia. G A building of the State Colored College at Orangeburg, S. C., was destroyed by fire with an estimated loss of $60,000. Forty-six persons were injured and two may die. C A school for colored children, costing $3,000, is to be erected in Columbus, Ga., on the site of St. Christopher's Episcopal church which was recently destroyed by fire. G The next meeting of the Medical, Dental and Pharmaceutical Association of Florida will be held in West Palm Beach, April 26th and 27th. Dr. S. M . Frazier, ofell-Hampton, of Ocala, secretary. G The Masonic Grand Lodge of North Carolina contributed three hundred and twenty-five dollars in cash toward the educational extension work being carried on by Prof. C. H . Moore in North Carolina. Johnson, Negro waitersHotel in Hot Springs,question "Whether theBetter or Worse" for in the Homestead Va., debated the World is Getting the benefit of the  The decision was  audience was made  women of society, Savannah, which has the second largest mem and one hundred dollars was realized for the library. NORTH CENTRAL REPUBLICANS of Ohio are dodging Ralph W. Tyler's attempt to be one of the "Big Four" delegates to the National Convention by charging that he is backed by Democrats. G At a meeting of the "Young Fortnightly," a mond. of white women in Chicago, 111., the dis cussion "The South in American Fiction" G The First Congregational Church, Atlanta, Ga., raised $4,300 of its entire in was opened by an account of the contribuwell-know tions to American literature made by Negroes. G The National Negro Fraternal Congress has been organized at Cincinnati, Ohio. Seventy-two state grand lodges were represented. State and national organizations only are eligible for membership. The next meeting will be held at Little Rock, Ark., September 19th. G Clarence Burke, a Negro, is one of the famous quartet of quarter milers of Wendell which has won every relay race they have entered, and two national championships at Philadelphia. C The Wendell Phillips High School Glee Club has six Negro members. G Meadow Gibbs and Homer Lewis, two Miami, is president, and Dr. E. Carrie Negro boys, are pictured with the team which captured the high school indoor championships at Bartlett Gymnasium in Chicago, 111. C Binga Dismond won the mile relay race of the conference meet at PattenGymnasium, onds and breaking all previous records. ALONG THE SOUTH CENTRAL THE Carnegie Library for colored citi *• zens in Nashville, Tenn., was formally opened with appropriate exorcises under the auspices of the Nashville Negro Board of Trade. G The colored people of Memphis, Tenn., are planning to establish a permanent baby depot and children's clinic in an effort to better the health conditions of Negro babies born in that city. 0 City commissioners who inspected the public schools of Birmingham, Ala., reported them as being in a deplorable condition, especially those for Negro chidren. COLOR LINE 13 (I Negro Republican representatives from Nebraska, Iowa, Kansas, Missouri and Oklahoma a conference on the political situation in Western states, and took preliminary steps toward founding a permanent organization. (L The Department Commander writes to the Commanding Officer of the 24th Infantry stationed at Fort D. A. Russell, Wyoming, commending the regiment for its excellent conduct and its assistance while stationed at San Francisco, Cal. SOUTH WEST FLINT MEDICA L COLLEGE , New Orleans, La., ha  5th to in  8th C At the session of the AlabamaEducational Association held April a first-class, well-equipped hospital with Birmingham, an exhibit of over 1,000 home nurse training attached. products made by Negro children in the G Fisk University Quartet will sing every schools of that state was maintained. afternoon and evening during the 1916 exC The Kentucky Negro EducationalAssociation, Inc., held its thirty-seventh annua position at the Coliseum in Dallas, Tex. session in Louisville, April 19th to 22nd. G W. L. Dickson, of the Dickson Colored G The city Board of Education of Nashville, Tenn., has appointed Dr. J. L. Leach Orphanage in Gilmer, Tex., has raised $8,000 Williams general medical inspector in the city public schools. He is the first Negro to receive such an appointment in Nashville. C There is much dissatisfaction among colored Republican voters in Kentucky as the result of the State Convention choosing seven white and one colored delegate for the National Convention, and a movement is on foot to call another convention to secure their proper representation. C The State Department of Education of Alabama with help from the United States and other agencies has organized Home Makers Clubs for Negro Girls in twenty-three counties with an active membership of 5,111 girls and 3,408 mothers. It is reported that 263,943 quarts of fruits and vegetables have been canned. FIRE of an coloredLouis, Mo. G The City WEST unknown origin destroyed the  hotel in Market Street, St. Plan Commission of St. Louis, Mo., has recommended to the Board of Public Service the installation of a Negro playground at Kennerly and Goode Avenues, at a cost of about $40,000. Negro residents of this section have protested this plan because of the segregation laws which will handicap them in obtaining homes in other sections if their present dwellings are used for this purpose. of the $15,000 needed to carry on the institution's work. C Houston College, Houston, Tex., is in need of funds for repairs to be made on the institution as a result of damage done by a terrible storm in Texas. "A. P. O. ," the lication. G Frenchraising a FOREIGN best colored paper in South Africa, has suspended pub and English governments are  large army of Negroes in their African colonies. More than 300,000 colored recruits have already been obtained by the French. G Marian R. Hilford, a white Missourian, has incorporated in New York State "The Mandingo Development Company," to work in West Africa. Among the incorporators are Bishop Greer, H. B. Frissell, Dr. Talcottnumber 10,000,000 and are mainly Mohammedans. G A Nigerian newspaper says that Dr. Ohasa, a wealthy native, has at his own ex pense built a new road tations so that now atakes the place of thewho carried cocoa onthe jungle trail. into his cocoa plan fleet of motor trucks  long line of natives  their heads through G Francisco Corona, a well-known Nanigo leader in Sitious ward, Havana, Cuba, was killed and fifty Negroes clubbed when an attempt was made to introduce into a carnival TH E CRISIS celebration the African music which accompanies the Voodoo religious rites. G A Paris report says that French Zouaves and Senegalese fought like demons at Vaux Village. The cyclonic rushes of the African troops swept the Germans out of the village in a dashing bayonet charge. G In the English Parliament Mr. Bonar Law said: "With the single exception of East Africa, to which some reinforcements have been sent, the whole of our fighting has been done by local forces. The bulk of it has been by native levies, the chief of which, and perhaps the only ones, are the West African Frontier Forces and the King's African Rifles. They have been faced for the first time with modern weapons, directed by people who thoroughly understand how to use them. They have fought in the bush, in country where it was impossible to exercise complete control over them, yet nowhere have there been any excesses, nowhere has there been any want of discipline, and everywhere they have acted with great gallantry." C Count Johan Paul Van Limburg Stirum, the new Governor-General of the Dutch counties of Java and the East, has just gone to his post. He stands high in the diplomatic service and it is recognized that he has a difficult task. In both Java and the "Outher Possessions," as the Dutch call the other Islands of the archipelago, there is an awakening of the national consciousness, like that of other Asiatic peoples, and, while the Javanese are far below the stage of political development which their neighbors, the Filipinos, have reached, there has long been a movement toward self-government, or at least a progressive policy that gives the natives more and more to say in their own affairs. This is discussed in Holland, where the authorities are saying that the only sure defence for the Dutch Empire in the East is the general military mobilization of the natives themselves, and that the only basis on which this could be developed properly would be granting the natives a considerable measure of representative government. GHETTO THE Pensacola. Fla., post office has es tablished a "Jim-Crow" stamp window for colored buyers who are served after the white patrons have been served. C Judge Clayton, of Montgomery, Ala., has been trying the chief of police of Coffee county for peonage. He severely criticised conditions in that county indicating that he believed a "system" had existed there by which Negroes were jailed for- alleged debts, etc., and court costs collected. The jury "disagreed," of course! d A motion to file a bill of exceptions be fore the Supreme Court of Illinois has been allowed in the case of the colored convict, Joseph Campbell, sentenced to hang for the alleged murder of the prison benefactress at Joliet. G Morse Robbins, a colored citizen of Fort Bend County, Tex., found his wife and a white man together in the white man's room June 11, 1912. He killed them both. He was acquitted of the murder of his wife, but sentenced to be hanged for killing the white man.' He appealed and was granted a new trial, but was again found guilty and hanged a few days ago. The case cost the state $5,000. G Robert W. Dryver, a colored school teacher of McNeil, Ark., was certified by the United States Civil Service Commission as the Indian Agency at Muskogee, Okla.Superintendent employment at three dollars a day. He gave up his position, traveled 350 miles and presented himself. He was promptly refused work. The Daily Phoenix is hilarious over the "big buck Negro" and says: "This is the second time a Negro has been sent to the Muskogee Indian office by the Civil Service Board. Several years ago one dropped in one day. Dana H . Kelsey, who was Indian agent at the time, solved the problem by 'Jim Crowing' him and giving him a room all by himself. The man was a speedy typist and worked so hard that his health gave way. He was then transferred to another point and died of consumption." The United States Civil ServiceCommission G White people of Media, Pa., have been trying to induce the colored people to accept a separate school. They have finally got the Negroes divided into two factions, one for and one against the school. The Board of Education has not rendered a final decision. C A colored Baptist church in Clarksville, Tenn., was set on fire and destroyed by ALONG THE COLOR LINE 	15 white Southerners who objected to a race as the members of this Court are not enchurch being in their neighborhood. It bore tirely agreed as to the validity of the ordithe name of Parham's Chapel and was the nance, irrespective of the right of the worshiping place of the best and well-reMayor and City Council to pass an ordispected Negro families of Oakwood and nance having for its object the segregation Stewart Counties. of the races, we have concluded to order a re-argument." G A n ordinance providing for the segrega about Artful passed the tion of white and Negro races in OklahomaTalk City, Okla., the has been Dodger!  by city commissioners. It provides that if 75 G John McArdle, a white police officer in per cent of the occupants of a block are of Pittsburgh, Pa., must pay two hundred and one color no member of the other race will seventy-four dollars to John M . Banner be permitted to buy or own property in that and William Woody for raiding a Pythian block. 	Lodge while they were being initiated. G Mrs. Mary Leighton, colored, formerly janitress of the Princess Theatre, Des G The officials of St. Louis, Mo., are preMoines, la., who was arrested August, paring for a "ghetto" census and have 1915, on- suspicion that she had failed to asked for $41,000 to make maps. Meantime two injunction suits against the city turn in lost articles at the box office, has have been filed in the United States courts been released and awarded $2,500 damages to prevent the carrying out of this ordi by a district court jury. nance. G Rabban Temple of the Mystic Shrine is preparing to contest the temporary injuncC In the case of Frank A. Spence vs. W. tion issued against its continuance by the H . Fenchler, the Texas Supreme Court has Superior Court of Fulton County, Ga. The held that cities of the state cannot segre injunction proceedings will now be tried in gate prostitutes. the Superior Court on its merit. The outC Mrs. Lawson, a colored woman, has come will be watched in all parts of the gained a suit against Ralph's Grocery Company, of Los Angeles, Cal., for refusing country, as an adverse decision may be a her service in their dining room. forerunner of hostile acts to coloredMysticC About thirty white men recently beat a C Butler Keys, a Negro, who was convictcolored man to death in Richmond, Va., be ed of robbery in Hustings Court, Part II, cause he "talked back." In the same city July, 1914, and sentenced to serve eight a colored man was killed by a white pay years in the penitentiary, has been parmaster for complaining that he had not re doned by Governor Stuart by recommenda' ceived his full wages. tion of Judge Wells and Attorney Page that he was a victim of mistaken identity. Keys C The "Birth of a Nation" has been exhad already served two years of his sencluded from Lansing, Mich., after three tence. days' run. The governor hopes he may drive it from the state. C The Court of Appeals of Maryland has G Lynchings since our last record: done an extraordinary thing in the segreMarch 4th, shot to death at Wintersville, gation case of Thomas H . Jackson vs. the N . C , David Evans for killing two county State of Maryland. In a communication, officers. the court says: March 6th, hanged at Lebanon, Tenn., "We would hesitate to postpone the deciWill Whitley for killing the chief of police. sion of this case longer were it not for the March 20th, hanged near Council Bluffs, fact that we understand that a case pendla., James Jones, for "attempting to attack" ing in the Supreme Court of the United a white girl. States involving the constitutionality of an April 3rd, hanged in the court house at ordinance of similar purport to ordinance Idabel, Okla., Oscar Martin, for attacking a No. 339 referred to in the indictment will white girl. shortly be heard. Inasmuch as it is for April 5th, hanged at Kinston, N. C, that Court to ultimately pass on the conJoseph Black. His son was accused of atstitutionality vel non, of legislation of this tacking a white child. He was arrested and character and as it is so soon to be prespirited away by the officers so the mob sented to that Court for determination, and lynched his father. Men of the Month death of the third baronet who bore the AN AMERICAN William H. Hunt, American CONSUL Consul at Saint same name as his distinguished grand Etienne, France, was father. He was a man of high courage born in Tennessee in 1869. He was edu and unselfishness and is best known to cated in the public schools, at Lawrence American Negroes as president of the Anti-Academy, Groton, Mass., and Williams ColSlavery and Aborigines Protection Society. lege. In 1898 he became secretary to the He is succeeded in that office by his son late Judge Gibbs then consul to Madagascar. In 1901 he became consul and in 1906 he was transferred to his present position. His wife is a daughter of Judge Gibbs. Consul Hunt is accurate and thorough in his work and very popular. Father Hannigan of the A PRIEST OF Catholic Church of St. JESUS Francis Xavier, Richmond, Va., is a white leader of his colored friends. Eloquent and fearless he asks for them equal rights and equal consideration. He has helped secure a playground for colored children, he was the guiding spirit of the Housing Association, he has watched over the police courts and over the Travelers' Aid. He is a man of God. A GERMAN FRIEND One of the last wishes of Adolph Pohle who died December 26th was to see the New Year's CRISIS before he "went home." He was born in Germany in 1848 and brought to this country as a baby. A sufferer from ill health nearly all his life he was nevertheless a business man and a believer in human beings. Especially did he become interested in the colored people and in those of them who dared to fight for all their rights, like Harry Smith of the Cleveland Gazette. His daughter writes: "The CRISIS arrived one day after his death so we placed it in his coffin." M a NOBLE FAMILY In 1786 Sir Thomas Fowell Buxton, the first baronet, was born in England. His wife was a sister of Elizabeth Fry, the first great promoter of prison reform. Sir Thomas was a co-worker with Clarkson and Wilberforce in the abolition of the slave trade. His sons became noted for their philanthropy toward the Negro race and today we are called upon to mourn the Sir T. F. V. Buxton. A TEACHER Miss Mildred Bryant is assistant OF MUSIC supervisor of music and in charge of the music in the Louisville, Ky., schools. She was educated at Fisk University and the New England Conservatory of Music. She has taught at Albany, Ga., Normal, Ala., and Philander Smith College and has spent seven years with unusual success in Louisville, Ky., where she has charge of the music of fifteen colored schools. Beside the regular course of music study she has a chorus, glee club and orchestra, together with classes in violin. For two years she led a teachers' choral society which gave Coleridge-Taylor'sHiawatha, Her work has been commended editorially by the Louisville papers. A CHURCH The Rev. George W. Moore WORKER has for many years beensuperintendent work under the American MissionaryAssociation. 1854 and sold once in slavery before the war. He was educated at Fisk University and Oberlin and has spent his life as missionary and minister. His wife, the late Ella Sheppard Moore, was one of the original "THE WHITE Many of our readers have MAN'S BURDEN" read that interesting book, the "White Man's Burden," by "T. Shirby Hodge." We are at liberty now to reveal the fact that the real name of the author is Dr. Roger Sherman Tracy, of Ballardvale, Mass. He is well known in New York where he was long connected with the Board of Health and is an authority on sanitation. He writes: "I used a pseudonym because I was afraid the critics might ignore the book or call it ridiculous nonsense, and in either case I should want 16 WILLIAM H. HUNT THE LATE ADOLPH POHLE FATHER HANNIGAN THE LATE SIR THOMAS FOWELL BUXTON GEORGE W. MOORE MISS MILDRED BRYANT ROGER S. TRACY 17 I8 THE CRISIS H. P. ANDERSON I. T. BRYANT J. C. CALDWELL to hide my diminished head. To my great hammer blows and built up a splendid modsurprise the reviews were uniformly favoraern publishing business for his church in ble. So I came forth from hiding." Doctor Tracy is now in his seventy-fourthNashville. His new building cost year.  $55,000; Julian C. Caldwell, for eight years Secretary of the Allen Christian Endeavor, with 4,015 YOUNG The young men are coming leagues and 150,000 members. He is a canCHURCHMEN forward to preserve and resdidate for the bishopric. To these names cue the good that is in the should be added Dr. R. R. Wright, Jr., ediNegro church. We present three of them: tor of the Christian Recorder; he is one of H. P. Anderson of Atlantic City, a tireless the strongest men in the church and probpastor who may be Secretary of Missions of ably the best trained. He does not want to the A. M. E. Church; Ira T. Bryant, a man be bishop, but he does want to be allowed of courage and capacity, who has attacked to publish an effective church organ. Let the delinquencies of bishops with sledgehim! WILLIAM H. MITCHELL (See page 8.) THE NEWLY ERECTED RESIDENCE AND SHOP OF MRS. C J. WALKER, NUMBERS 108-110 WEST 136TH STREET, NEW YORK CITY. MRS. WALKER AND HER DAUGHTER, MRS. LELIA W. ROBINSON, HAVE MADE A FORTUNE OUT OF PREPARATIONS AND METHODS FOR THE CARE OF THE HAIR. THEY DO BUSINESS ALL OVER THE UNITED STATES, WEST INDIES AND SOUTH AMERICA 19 The Looking Glass LITERATURE ROBERT ALDE N SANBORN in Poetry names the "All-America Ten Poets." " A dozen fits of futility have threatened to undercut my purpose in a task that I cannot take seriously. Why should I try to achieve something that is neither unequivocally a joke nor of unassailable worth? Why should I aim at an omniscience so ably approximated by Mr. Braithwaite?— why seem to parody a devotion so heroically and kindly sustained as his?" His second name is "William Stanley Braithwaite —maker of great audiences." Among the books we have received are Radin's "Jews Among the Greeks and Romans (Jewish Publication Society) which Negroes may read profitably; the Rev. R. A. Morrisey sends the "Bible History of the Negro." It frankly accepts Hebrew legends as authentic history, but otherwise shows some reading and carries some suggestions. THE PRESIDENTIAL CAMPAIGN THE Campaign is on and already the "Little Black Man from Egypt" is emerging from the woodpile. Louisiana is scared stiff. The Democratic "machine" there is apparently pretty rotten: "No such cry as 'Negro,' " says the Gueydam, La., News, "is going to frighten right-thinking men from voting to down the corrupt practices of the Democratic party of this state. They have voted to down them within the party and failed to succeed. This time they are going out of the party to vote them down. Not because they do not believe in Democratic principles, but because they want to exterminate the machine within the Democratic party in this state that has for so many years corrupted the ballot and practiced iniquities upon honest men." But the "Negro" cry persists. The New Orleans States is grave and portentous: 'For nearly twenty years the Negro has played no part in the politics of Louisiana. He hasn't tried to register and we have had racial peace in the State, and the Negro has made greater progress than during any other period since reconstruction. Yet almost simultaneously with the launching of Mr. Parker's Republican-Progressive movement the old spirit moves him and he comes again to the front. "Let no one believe that if he ever gets back on the rolls his affiliations will be with the Democratic party, whose traditional political enemy he is and will be for years to come." The Times-Picayune warns the public against leaders who "evidently fear that they cannot win the voters on real live issues and therefore 'hike back' to the Negro question as one upon which they may be able to stir up the electorate." But the Shreveport Times is obdurate: "The Times does not believe John M . Parker state; it has never accused him of standing for the Negro. But the Times does believe that Mr. Parker is playing with fire and that he is joined with forces' in politics that he can no more control than he can control the floods in the Mississippi. - We may know where Ml . Parker stands with respect to the Negro in politics, but can we say with equal certainty that Mr. Parker represents the aims and purposes of his political associates in the nation? Can Mr. Benoit or anybody else say with certainty that if Louisiana broke away from her Democratic moorings it would not tend to encourage that sentiment in the Republican party which survived reconstruction to force the Negro back as a political equation in the South?" A "lady" writes daintily to the Times-Picayune: "Your splendid editorial on 'The Negro Issue' is especially gratifying to the women of Louisiana, who are hoping and expecting to have the privilege, some day in the near future, of voting. "Your quotation from the Ruston Leader says: 'The Negro has been eliminated from the political affairs of this state, and the issue should remain buried forever.' "As you say: 'This is sound common sense and should be echoed and taught every where in Louisiana.' " But Parker's manager just gets plain mad: "Any man who says John Parker stands for the Negro in politics is a liar," 20 THE LOOKING GLASS 21 said Wilson T. Peterman, campaign manager for the independent Democratic candidate for the governorship. Notwithstanding all this the Democratic candidate puts the unanswerable southern dilemma this way: "The Progressives in this campaign have attempted to ridicule the danger of the re turn of the Negro into politics, but the fact remains that the Negro still is here in great numbers and that there is no law to pre vent him paying the poll tax or from regis tering if he has the property or the educa tional qualifications, which thousands of them have. "There are but three ways of preventing the Negro regaining an important, perhaps a decisive place, in the politics of the state, viz.: "First—The terrible, shotgun method by which is meant all forms of violence against the person, and which many of you remem ber to have been used effectively in Louis iana. "Second—The equally immoral and il legal, and less manly if less terrible method, of stuffing the ballot box. This method was used effectively in the past, both against the Negroes and the whites. "Third—The present method, both legal and humane, of settling all political differences between the whites in an exclusively white primary, an election in which no one but registered white men can vote. "If, as I conceive, there are but these three methods, what are you to understand by John M . Parker's fervid declarations against the white primary? Granted the postulate, it follows that he either is in favor of one of the other two methods." Meantime a Georgia demagogue has found a new disfranchisement in refusing Negroes the right of hearing before Conhearing, told Mr. Vinson that a few citizens wanted to be heard on the bills.Vinson he supposed that the citizens referred to by Mr. Tinkham were white people who wanted to speak in favor of the bills. He says, 'I was never more astonished in my life when I saw the committee room filled with a lot of niggers and mongrels.' He flatly refused to re-enter the room while we were there, and compelled Congressman Tinkham to sit all by himself and conduct the hearing." Oklahoma is swallowing its "grandfather" dose with difficulty. A colored paper, the Black Dispatch, writes: "We want every black man in the State of Oklahoma to remember that unless some time between the 30th day of April and the 11th day of May he finds his precinct registrar and registers, he will, under the provisions of Section 4 of Senate Bill No. 38, be denied the right of suffrage. This pernicious and vicious statute fails to require the registrar to be a resident within the precinct. It does not, with intention on the part of its framers, establish a place where the registrar during these nine short days of grace may be found. But it requires you to seek out and find this carpetbagging vagabond of a coward in the nine short days, that the law intends he shall put in hiding from you. "In lieu of this unholy, foul attempt to destroy our liberty and our rights, it behooves every black man to start out now finding out who the precinct registrar is. Find that scoundrel and find him now. Make him understand that he will have to put in nine real days of hiding and that you propose to make him go the limit in ignoring the decisions and mandates of the Supreme Court of the United States." We always did like Oklahoma English! gressional Committees. The Hon.Archibald Grimke writes: "A t the day an The Ohio kind also appeals. The Cleve set for the hearing, I repaired to the district committee room with a committee of colored citizens. The chairman of the subcommittee, Mr. Vinson of Georgia, being absent, Congressman Tinkham phoned him that we were waiting, and he replied that he would be with us in 10 minutes. In 10 minutes sure enough, he came in, and another Southern member of the sub-committee followed him. The chairman took Congressman Tinkham into an adjoining room, and, I hear, read the riot act to him, for deceiving him. Mr. Tinkham, in asking for the land, O. Gazette says: "The colored men of Ohio owe a great deal to the men who gave them freedom, and a free ballot in the north.— Editor E. Howard Gilkey in Columbus (0.) Saturday Monitor. "Has Editor Gilkey forgotten that two hundred thousand of these men were colored soldiers, and that the tide of the war of the rebellion did not turn until they were enlisted and became active? Do not the 'white' men of Ohio and the country 'owe a great deal' to them for the material assistance they rendered 'to preserve TH E CRISIS the union?' Did they not earn and pay for not only their freedom but also a free ballot not only 'in the north' but also in the south where it has been withheld, with the government's silent consent, almost continuously since the close of that war?" EAVES THE little Black Boy of Des Moines has stirred up something by making remarks about the flag. The Courier-Herald of Saginaw, Mich., writes: "The United States is the country of the Negro and of the little, eleven year old representative of that race in Des Moines. Negro soldiers fought for it in the Civil war, in the Spanish-American war and are fighting in Mexico. Negro agriculturists and educators and others in a wide variety of lines are aiding in its development, and feel a strong and patriotic sense of loyalty to it. Perhaps the eleven year old lad himself will, when he has become a little older, but not, we fear, under the treatment that is being accorded him. Patriotism is not a thing that can be forced. He might be made to salute the flag, but he would feel no regard for it. This business of compelling a salute to the flag is never very satisfactory. President Wilson, who started out to exact a salute from someone down in Mexico, preferably Huerta, and who never got it, can testify to that." The colored Business Booster of New York adds: "You may interpret the Bible as you please but no Hebrew prophet ever spoke a truer word than did that little fellow in Iowa. For God is the Ideal of Justice and Goodness, and no self-respecting people will subscribe to the infamies that are daily being perpetrated upon the colored people of this country, and of which this outrageous sentence upon a child is a typical example: "The other day a boy in New Jersey refused to salute the American flag. The school authorities and the courts decided to let him do as he pleased, since he was a white Canadian, a member of a strong and powerful nation. Some hundreds of Mexicans and a number of Americans were sacrificed in an effort to get Huerta to salute the American flag, but the only salute that the Mexicans have yet given to the banner of Hearst and Vardaman and the Des Moines judge or 'justice,' was fired by Francisco Villa two weeks ago. "There will be quite a number of such salutes exchanged before the flag of 'justice to all' is respected in Mexico, and it is a pity that men of the same blood as that Iowa boy should be among the first to engage in that exchange of compliments since, as a gentleman from Kentucky said to some friends in New York, the men who have been protecting the American border for four years and are now in the van of Funston's columns 'are not American troops; they are only Niggers.' Meanwhile the voice of little Hubert Eaves, with the prophetic instinct of Hannah's sons, rings over this land: 'I will not salute your flag, for there is no God in it.' And these ringing words presage the awakening of a people MOB-MURDER CHAPLAIN T. G. STEWART, ofWilberforce, "Please display that grand photograph you have on page 303 of your April number and mark it: 'The Glory of the Land of the Free.' What greater freedom can be found anywhere on earth, the freedom to kill people; a kind of game license that never expires." A white Texan adds, in the N . Y . Globe: "The last issue of CRISIS repeats what your paper had to say about the doings in Georgia. If the press continues to condemn lynchings and burnings as it has done of late, those barbarous acts will soon be a thing of the past. Continue to write against this crime until it is stamped out. The public has been misled by two misguided former governors. Once the public considers lynching disgraceful, then it will cease. Yours against lynching and burnings. "RAYMOND VERINMORET." Denton, Tex. The Augusta (Ga.) Chronicle is fighting the good fight: "We are not going to put an end to lynching in Georgia as long as we continue to try to explain. "The one way to stop such 'anarchy and treason'—as Judge Lambdin so well characterized it—is to admit that there is no sort of excuse for it; and then, hold the lynchers as well as their victims strictly accountable to the law." THE LOOKING GLASS Meantime "anarchy and treason" flourish ; a white Dallas, Texas, preacher writes to the Western Recorder: "In this latitude it is not a crime to kill a Negro. In many sections, it is rather a virtue. There are doubtless many officers who think it a distinction to kill a Negro, and thus begin to cut notches on the handles of their guns. Any white man of any class, at any time, under any circumstances, can walk up the streets in any southern town and murder any Negro, from the highest to the lowest, and every man among us, both white and black, knows that this murderer will never be punished. If there are exceptions, they only prove the rule. Personally, I know of no exceptions. Even if the murderer is indicted, which is not probable, he will be acquitted by the average jury. On the other hand, if any Negro in the South kills any white man under any circumstances, no matter if the white man is entirely in the wrong the Negro will be promptly mobbed, or speedily executed according to the forms of law." Even under the English flag this mob law spreads. The Christian Express, South Africa, says: "A t the recent Criminal Sessions at Grahamstown, when a European farmer was acquitted by a European jury on a charge of murder arising out of the death of a Basuto cattle herder who had been killed while in the farmer's employment and the body hidden away, the Judge President found it his duty to express his disagreement with the finding. Nevertheless the acquittal was received with applause. The incident calls attention afresh to a scandalous situation in the administering of justice between Europeans and Natives, against which we have again and again protested. To put it plainly, if a European in the Union of South Africa is charged with the murder of a Native, the European jury, by which alone he can be tried, will not convict him." Bishop W. A. Candler warns the South against one proposed remedy: "The remedy for the evil of lynching is not the inciting of courts to yield to the mob by adopting processes of indecent haste, but the preaching of a crusade against mob law of every kind and moving the people to reverence law and maintain orderly government. Without popular devotion to law and order civilization is not possible; and when civilization has perished under the ruins of government, only the strong, who can, by money or other means, protect themselves, will be safe. Whoso life is secure when the poorest and most friendless man in the land cannot shield himself against passion and prejudice with the strong defenses of the laws?" The New York Evening Globe says to the Governor of Georgia: "It is difficult to make out just what 'more stringent laws' Governor Harris has in mind. Lynching is murder and murder is a crime. At least it is so considered in every civilized country, and we believe that Georgia, supposedly a civilized state in a civilized country, has a law on her statute books making murder a capital offense. This being so, what more can Governor Harris ask? "Al l the laws in the universe will not avail to stop lynching if they are not enforced. As long as those who go in for mob law know that they can give free rein to their passions without fear of punishment lynching never will be stamped out. There is a time for speech and there is a time for action, and the time for speech in Georgia is over." The Montgomery Advertiser writes: "Who are we, that we villify Russia for its cruelty? We have excoriated Georgia for its depressing record in mob and personal violence. Lynching is a crime whether committed in Alabama or Georgia. Alabama has no reason to plume itself on its respect for law and order when we are only less guilty in that we do not have as many lynchings as Georgia does. "The usual excuse for lynching was missing in the Sumter county affair. The Negro boy had not committed 'the usual crime.' He had not even committed murder. The apologists for lynching, in this case, can not take refuge in the explanation of such a crime of violence, by boasting that they were protecting the honor of their women.-" How far reaching the mob spirit goes is shown in an abstract from a New York Evening Post correspondent, writing from Tuskegee: "The white element here is a force which is by no means negligible. It must be remembered that although there has been a notable advance in recent years the over 24 THE coming of race prejudice has by no means been achieved. From the point of view of the Southern white, such an institution for Negro education as Tuskegee is only per mitted on good behavior, and any suspicion that the Negro was forgetting to 'know his place' would lead to trouble." Back of all this lynching spirit lie facts like these which a colored petition to the mayor and council of Atlanta enumerates: "We are taxed to support and supply a city library for the white citizens, and we cannot get a book from it. "We are taxed to build and support high schools for your white boys and girls, while we must pay $2.50 a month in private schools for high school training for our boys and girls. In forty years we have paid $600,000 for this purpose. "We support technical schools for your white boys, and business schools for your white girls and have no such places for our boys and girls. "We are taxed to support parks and swimming pools for your children and we have no provision made for our children. "You have passed segregation laws to compel us to live in filthy and muddy streets and alleys, while the country roads miles from the city are paved. See parts of Chestnut, Walnut, Sun-Set Avenue, Baker, Hilliard, from Auburn to Irwin, Auburn Avenue, from Hilliard to Southern Railroad, Howell from Irwin to Highland Avenue, and hundreds of other streets in the segregated districts that are disgraces to any town. "Fairness, patience and good will are more powerful than laws. The sooner our white friends learn that the better it will be for us all." The Greensboro, N . C , News minces no words: "How can North Carolina, for instance, go into the court of northern public opinion and plead that she means well by the Negro and will deal justly with him as long as the crime of Wayne county goes unavenged? How can the South, as a whole, plead for a free hand in dealing with the Negro while Georgia drips with his blood? We have a vast prejudice to overcome in the North, but it is not all prejudice; and every time one of these assassinations takes place the problem becomes harder. CRISIS "It is the immutable law of the universe that no crime goes unpunished. Our hands are stained with blood, and there is a terrible presumption that some of it is innocent blood. We have paid for it already, paid in more ways than we know_ and a price greater than most of us imagine. We have paid for it millions upon uncounted millions of money; we have paid for it in the prostitution of our system of justice and a growing contempt for all law; worst of all, we have paid for it in a coarsening of our moral fiber to such a degree that now reports of such horrors rouse in us only a languid interest. "But there is no assurance that the score is settled yet. Part of the payment is the alienation of the sympathy of our own race in the North, so that they are pretty sure to leave us to fight our battle without help or encouragement from them. It may easily come to pass that the payment will include another struggle worse than the one of the last generation. Is it not time to quit running up the account?" SOLDIERS AND SOLDIERS A CORRESPONDENT of the Chicago Tribune says of the war in East Africa: "It started eighteen months or more ago, on a relatively small scale, but has by degrees developed into a big war, the fortunes of which are likely to affect the whole dark continent for at least a century to come. "This is due to the arming of the blacks. What I mean by the "blacks" are not those oft admirably disciplined native troops commanded by white officers, but various Negro and Negroid tribes, who, entirely barbarous and with no instruction whatsoever, are left free to use arms and ammunition wholly without control. "The blacks outnumber the whites in all parts of Africa in such overwhelming fashion that the danger of their rising against the Europeans has always been regarded as a growing peril, full of menace to the cause of civilization. To avert it all sorts of treaties have been made, prohibiting the importation of arms and ammunitions into Africa for sale to the natives, and careful watch has been maintained by all those powers possessed of colonies in the dark continent." 25 The Springfield Republican says: with twenty-seven Negro members. This "There are no better soldiers than the legislature put into execution the school THE LOOKING GLASS Negroes. Let Congress heed the appeal of system provided by the Constitution, July the National Association for the Advancement of the Colored People by providing 11th, 1870. "For the first lime in our history that some of the new regiments to be added to the regular army shall be made up of Negro citizens. The four Negro regiments now in the army have made excellent records as fighters. It might be urged, also, that the recruiting of Negroes would be comparatively easy. Give the black race the chance and it would furnish a large army for the country—yes, even the country that cruelly lynches Negro offenders without warrant of law." There is a connection between these two articles which even the blind may see. EDUCATION THE white South is continually insist ing that Reconstruction gave nothing but evil to the South. When it has been repeatedly pointed out that Negro suffrage gave the South public schools, democratic government, and the beginnings of a new social legislation, the answer has usually been a hoot of derision. It is interesting then to find a southern writer, E. W. Knight, in the South Atlantic Quarterly rendering rather unwilling proofs of our contentions. He says of Virginia: "The election of delegates to a convention to frame a constitution for the state, called under the Reconstruction Act of March 2, 1867, was held October 18th to 21st of that year. The official registration showed 120,101 white and 105,832 colored voters; but about 44,000 whites who had registered failed to vote and the vote was otherwise so distributed as to give themet in Richmond December 3rd. Its composition was altogether unlike anything ever before seen in a constitutional or legislative body of the State. Of the 105 members more than a score were Negroes." The committee on education contained three white conservatives, five white radicals, and three Negroes. The radicals and the Negroes immediately offered resolutions looking toward "a system of common school education to be supported by the State." The proposed article on education providing "the usual features of a modern school system" were submitted to the convention January 28th and were eventually adopted. The first legislature met October 5th, 1869, fairly adequate school law." The chief satisfaction this article is able to get out of it is that some of the more radical Negroes failed in their consistent fight to make the public schools of Virginia not only free, but without color discrimination of any sort. Turning to present educational matters the editorial in the Columbia (S. C.) States is illuminating: "In the last school year the per capita expenditure for each white child enrolled in the public schools of South Carolina was $16.22 and for each Negro child $1.93. On the injustice of this disproportion one might dilate. A large part of all taxes is paid by labor—there are those who say that the whole tax load ultimately is carried by labor—and the majority of the laborers in this State are Negroes. It is certain, however, that the Negroes are paying in direct taxes for education nearly as much as is returned to Negro schools. "Unless it is the wish and the resolution of those who control the affairs of South Carolina that the Negroes shall remain in ignorance, the facts are too plain for denial that the state is failing egregiously in its educational policy so far as these people are considered. 'The money now expended for Negro education,' the state superintendent of education asserts, 'is largely wasted' and to the white people of the state he puts this question: 'Can we longer allow this Negroes a decided advantage. The conventio large element in our population to follow their present practices and to remain in their present condition?' "The question ought to put men to thinking. When the Negroes were slaves a small number of white men were wealthy and of most of them the wealth was more apparent than real. Meantime the competition of slave labor held thousands of white men in poverty. It is a pertinent inquiry now whether or not the emancipation of the Negroes whites. "So long as the Negro shall be ignorant his standard of living will be low and his wage low. Only those will profit from his labor who know how to exploit it, who have TH E CRISIS 20 the managerial ability to use unskilled labor in numbers on plantations and in other considerable industrial units. The inevitable result is that unskilled white labor, though it be naturally more intelligent and will struggle to maintain a higher living standard, will be forced to accept the Negro's wage and descend to the Negro's living level. This is the economic process now going on here in South Carolina, modified in considerable degree by the artificial segregation of white labor in transportation, the textile industry and other occupations in the cities and towns. Meanwhile, the unskilled white labor in the rural districts from which there is steady inflow to the towns as it is driven from the farms by Negro competition is a constant menace to the wage scale of the whole labor already segregated." The Birmingham, Ala., Ledger writing about black folk says: "The real object and purpose of education is, or should be, to equip the beneficiary for better and more productive work. As soon as he gets in his head that he is being-educated so he won't have to work he should be excluded from any participation in education at the cost of the public or even of deluded fanatics on the subject of Negro uplift and advancement." The Independent, N. Y., writing about white folk says: "Most teachers in domestic science and most people who speak and write on the subject of household efficiency take the attitude that the result of increased efficiency in housekeeping will be to reduce the cost of living, to make domesticity more satisfying to women, and to keep the home the center of community life. None of these things will inevitably follow. The real object of increasing home efficiency is to get rid of housework—to transform as much as possible of it into community work, and to boil down the rest to an irreducible minimum, so that women may have a chance to do some of the other things, from regulating the gas supply to supervising the schools, that need to be done in a country that is trying to become a democracy. For no interest in clubs, sports or society, no •	 suffrage agitation or feminist propaganda will so effectually undomesticate and socialize women as the simple expedient of cutting the cable of household drudgery that has hitherto tied them to the house. Every new apparatus for house cleaning, every satisfactorily prepared food, every laundry which washes the clothes as well as 'Maggie' at the wash tub, every invention from the electric egg-beater to the machine to darn stockings is a direct step toward women's political, social and industrial enfranchisement for a larger usefulness." We append two clippings without comment: "Spelman Seminary, a mission school for Negro girls, at Atlanta, Ga., celebrates its thirty-fifth anniversary to-morrow and Friday. In a letter sent out by the Seminary, endowment fund would be fitting anniversary gifts. Information about the school may be obtained from Miss Lucy Hale Tapley, president." —N. Y.Evening Post (White). "Spelman Seminary has a hospital department established for Negro patients, presumably its own pupils and teachers. The strange thing about this Negro hospital, with Negro patients and Negro nurses, is that no Negro physician can operate on his own patient. If that physician chooses to go there while the operation is to be performed, he may only sit by and see the operation performed by a white physician, who may be his inferior in the work to be done as well as the practice and experience." The Atlanta (Ga.) Post (Colored). Add to these this bit from a correspond ent in the Chicago Evening Post writing of Things that Be: "It is true, as stated, that there are some hundreds of men and women car cleaners who, becoming- dissatisfied with the wages paid them and the working conditions of the company, decided to enforce their de mands for higher wages and a change of conditions by walking out and leaving the company at a very great disadvantage, and that their places have been filled by colored men and women. But it is also true that had their plans not miscarried and had they succeeded in being recognized by union la bor organizations prior to their walking- out, we would no doubt have had a repeti tion of the now famous Debs strike had these same colored men and women even attempted to qualify for the position thus vacated. "Now if Mr. Walsh is fair—and at pres ent writing I have no reason to believe 27 THE LOOKING GLASS him otherwise—does he not know that there is a large and ever-increasing army of unemployed colored men and women in this great cosmopolitan city, and further, that they are not so by choice, but by the prescriptions placed upon them by racial and labor conditions? "In other words, as long as the former car cleaners were satisfied with the wages received and the conditions under which they labored, it was impossible for a colored man or woman to gain employment in that department. Then, how could they be supposed to sympathize with former employees or to refuse, when the opportunity came to take vacant places? And why should they be termed 'strikebreakers' for seizing an opportunity to earn their daily bread?" MISCEGENATION SAY S the St. Paul (Minn.) Appeal, a colored organ: "The South, that is the white South, is not opposed to racial admixture, but being at heart thoroughly immoral it insists that the mixing be done in an illegal manner. "The mixing which has already been ac complished was started by the white South. It began in the days of slavery, when the white master forced the black slave women to bear children, who followed the condi tion of their mothers and became slaves. A few masters manumitted their half-breed children, but they were the exceptions to the general rule. Many masters made a practice of breeding their own offspring for sale and in time the raising of children for the slave markets became a recognized southern industry. "Since the abolition of slavery, the white South, claiming Christ as its guiding star, has enacted laws making Christian mar riage a felony, thus directly aiding im morality. The white South has in every way endeavored to humiliate and degrade its colored people the majority of whom have more or less Caucasian blood." THE "SURVIVAL OF THE FITTEST" LORD BRYCE, in his Huxley lecture, recently delivered in Birmingham, England, is thus quoted in part by the N. Y. Times: "There never was a doctrine which those who adopted it could not find some theory or some authority to justify. People used to go to the Bible for texts which would sanctify their conduct. Now they generally go to natural science. I remember a time when slavery was defended by quoting Noah's declaration that Ham, or rather Canaan, the son of Ham, should serve his elder brother, Ham being assumed to have been the progenitor of the Negro race. A more remarkable instance was the promulgation of a view that the African Negro was not really a man at all. The first time I ever saw or heard the distinguished writer and teacher in whose honor this Huxley lecture has been founded was in 1864, when he was delivering a lecture at the Royal College of Surgeons demolished and dismissed with indignant scorn arguments founded on the structure of the bones, which were intended to prove that the Negro was an anthropoid ape. We must not be surprised if today a nation, which is nothing if not scientific, seeks and finds in what is called the Darwinian doc trine of natural selection proofs of the view that the elimination of the weak by the strong is the method by which progress is attained in the social and political, no less than in the biological sphere." And then, this in the New Republic from the hand of Roland G. Usher: "Those of us in St. Louis who like to believe that we stand for democracy, idealism and justice, who look back upon the history of the American people as one of noble achievement in pursuance of the ideal of liberty and freedom, are immeasurably shocked by the adoption of the segregation ordinance on February 29. There are literally no redeeming features. The initiative, intended to protect the people against injustice and oppression, in almost its first use became the instrument of intolerance and prejudice. No other issues interfered with the judgment of the electorate. A special election removed all possibility that the result was in any way influenced by any consideration indirectly associated with segregation. The overwhelming majority by which it won sufficiently proves the condition of public sentiment in the fourth city of the United States. Not through a thin pretense of our supposed democracy and idealism was thrust this hideous figure of avarice, ignorance and prejudice." Editorial SHAW YES : I should like to write a play showing that the South is really ruled by the Negro with a hideous tyranny just as the prisoners in a prison dominate everything—dictate the daily habits of the jailers, oppress and obsess their imaginations, color their consciences, force them to share their imprisonment and yet give them none of the prisoners' freedom from care and responsibility. But I am not a Southern white, and nobody else could do it, and I cannot do everything. "G. BERNARD SHAW. MR. JOHN PHILIP SOUSA MR. SOUSA is furnishing popular music at the New York Hippodrome. Recently he has been the victim of a terrible mistake and the CRISIS hastens to offer deep-felt sympathy. It seems that in the "March of States" a sickening mistake has been made by a Georgia colonel whose eyesight was probably defective and who thought Georgia was represented by dangling bodies of lynched Negroes. The mistake as Mr. Sousa plaintively says: "Has very nearly broken my heart for the reason that I, who am responsible for the music of the 'March of the States' at the New York Hippodrome, was born south of the Mason and Dixon line, and secondly, one of my pet theories has gone to smash. I have always believed that music had a story-telling quality. The group of girls representing Nevada come on the stage dangling effigies of their respective husbands and dance to the tunes of 'I'm On My Way to Reno' and 'Good 28 bye, Sweetheart, Good-bye.' How any one can mistake them for Georgia girls is beyond my comprehension. "In 'The March of the States' Georgia is represented in music by that good old tune known as ' A Georgia Cam your beloved State are costumed in a garb that suggests cotton from its spring green to its full bloom." Spring green to its full bloom! We would almost like to insist that a few Negroes depending from the boughs of near-by trees would have loaned a certain realism to the scene, but we know that the Southern heart of Mr. Sousa could not possibly stand any such delicate suggestion. Oh! this cruel, cruel, World! THE PAGEANT ONE hundred years ago, in 1816, the first General Conference of the African Methodist Episcopal church met in Philadelphia. The first movement toward the founding of this church took place in 1787 when Richard Allen and treatment they had received in the white Methodist church, withdrew. Jones became the first coloredEpiscopal founded the African MethodistEpiscopal until a generation later that there were enough churches and conferences to call a General Conference of this church. It is fitting that itsCentennial brated in some striking manner and the General Conference Committee has asked the Horizon Guild to present again the Pageant, the "Star of Ethiopia." This pageant has been given in New York and in Washington with EDITORIAL 29 striking success. It is planned to laid down by Jethro, and although make it even more successful inPhiladelphia.Twelv hundred and fifty there seems to hav been some racial actors and singers are to be used and prejudice, the Hebrew legend brings the pageant will be presented three out the anger of the Lord against nights, Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday, May 16, 18 and 20, at the those who dared speak against the great Convention Hall which seats 15,000 people. There can be no doubt that this will be a notable occasion. DEMOCRACY NEARLY every schoolboy knows the quotation printed on the Liberty Bell which rang in the independence of the United States: "Proclaim Liberty throughout the Land and to the inhabitants thereof." If these chil dren or any other American were asked for the source of this quotation they would make various guesses, but they certainly would not contribute it to Ethiopia. dark wife of Moses. In modern commemoration of this ancient, priest, Mr. Milholland has founded in Atlantic City, N . J., a Jethro Memorial Church. THE NEGRO COLLEGE THE General Education Board has again shown by its appropriations that it does not believe in the higher educa tion of Negroes, and that it does not propose to support their institutions to any great extent. Under grudging and almost impossible conditions it has given small sums to Fisk University and still smaller sums to a few other colleges; but for the most part, while encouraging the training of talent among whites, North and South, it gives simply sops for common school and industrial training to the black South. This year Calhoun, Fort Valley andManassas are excellent schools, but they are doing for the most part work which the Southern States ought to do. The Jeanes Fund gets $10,000 from the General Education Board, and "Home Makers" clubs among Negroes get $16,250. All these objects are worthy. We have not a word to say against them. But what the General Education Board ought to do is to give an endowment of half a million to Fisk, Atlanta an the world that America is not afraid of trained Negro brains. Mr. John E. Milholland has recently been stressing the fact that this celebrated quotation was the word of Jethro, the father-in-law of Moses, a priest of Midian and an "Ethiopian." The curious may find in the book of Exodus, chapter XVIII, the excellent plan of democratic government FLORIDA THE land of flowers presents today perhaps the most interesting industrial problem so far as colored people are concerned that can be found in the country. Black men and white 30 THE "crackers" are pouring into the State. The black men have a good industrial foothold in agriculture, in business and in the trades, particularly in cigar-making. They have an excellent chance here owing to the fact that they work side by side in the same to the bench, in speaking of the Negro problem establishments withelevated by education—not the the effort t white WestIndians. Nevertheless, mere churc th with deep appreciation: The cause of the difficulties inReconstruction was the determination of the white South to re-enslaveNegroes, and the determination of beat them back industrially has al ready begun. Slowly but surely they are being forced out of the cigar trade. Here is a chance for practical industrial training; usually colored students are trained in decadent or poorly-paid trades. Why do not the colored people establish in Tampa a school of cigar-making? They could put brains and money in such an es tablishment and save a great and well-paid industry to their race. SOCIAL EQUALITY THE Southern white man who writes the Outlook editorials on the Negro said recently: "The social intimacy (or so-called social equality that some disloyal Negroes have craved and the sort of politics that created the evils of the Reconstruction era, have been the two main causes of the race complication." This is as flat a falsehood as could easily be told. CRISIS pany? No. He did it for the reason given by the late Justice Lamar of the United States Supreme Court, a Mississippian and a Confederate: Justice Lamar, in a speech made several years before his appointment education of books, but the education that comes from contact with the 'superior mind.' " Wherever that "superior mind"- is found the Negro will be found. Sometimes it is found in a white skin; sometimes it is found in a black skin; but any social life which tries to forbid common contact of human minds is not only wrong and dangerous but in the long run it is impossible. THE BAPTISTS THE article on the Baptists in. the April CRISIS was written with some hesitation. It is always easier for a periodical to be silent than to speak out on controversial subjects; but the Baptist much to the mass of AmericanNegroes vision. We have received, therefore, the following letter from Miss Nannie retary of the Women's Convention of the National Baptist Convention, Negroes to be really free. The writer goes on to say that the late Booker T. Washington believed that "the only social intimacy the Negro required was that open to him among his own people." This is not true. No American Negro ever accepted so much social recognition as Mr. Washington. He dined with white men and women, he sat in the parlors of his white friends, he was entertained at their homes, he met and conferred with them on all possible social occasions. Why did he do this? Because ho craved their com "I note that you give space to the Baptist controversy in the April number of the CRISIS and I want to thank you for the fair analysis of the case as I find it summed up on page 316. "You are positively right when you say that 'it is a factional fight with something of right and something of wrong on either side.' "I am writing to call your attention to the fact that in our little paper sent under this cover we are appealing to the men on both sides to settle their differences as becometh Christians. 31 EDITORIAL "I know the CRISIS cannot give all is compelled to send copies to agents its space to this Baptist wrangle, but with the understanding that unsold I believe you would be making a valucopies may be returned. If the agent able contribution to a worthy cause is careful and business-like very few by simply calling attention to the fact copies will come back, but careless that there is a large number of Baptists who are working for Peace. agents may make a publisher print Even the men who are fighting have been fair enough to say that we are moving in the right direction and that it would be well for the denomination to listen to our appeal. We are asking editors and persons in position to help us." A short account of the movement referred to is printed elsewhere in this number. Now let the strong men of the Baptist church get behind this peace movement. It must succeed. It will succeed if we make it succeed. TO THE RESCUE THE colored troops are leading in the Mexican foray. It is a foolish venture. Just the kind of mistake that we are beginning to think is characteristic of hundreds and even thousands more copies than the public demands simply by overestimating their ability to dispose of them. The result is a serious loss to the publisher and difficulty in estimating his real circulation. The CRISIS agents are a picked set of unusually efficient persons, and as a matter of fact during the last three years very few magazines have been returned. It was, therefore, an easy matter for us to introduce the new rule that all magazines ordered hereafter are to be paid for, and that agents must exercise care and business insight in making their orders. Thus we make another forward step in efficiency and good service. FROM A FORMER GOVERNOR OF HAWAII the Wilson administration.Nevertheless "Their's not to reason why," DEAR SIR: and consequently the Tenth Cavalry with Major Young in command of the Second Squadron is now in Mexico. As one report says: "Especial credit should be given the Tenth." Then, too, the Twenty-fourth, another colored regiment, has been called to support the movement. So in America, in Europe and in Africa black men are fighting for the liberties of white men and pulling their chestnuts out of the fire. One of these bright mornings black men are going to learn how to fight for themselves. "NON RETURNABLE" THE CRISIS beginning with the May number becomes a "non-returnable" magazine. This may not mean much to the general reader, but every pub lisher knows that this means a mile stone in the progress of a publication. A t first every magazine and periodical Enclosed please find my check for $101.00, as I wish to contribute $100.00 to the work of your Association, and send $1.00 for a year's subscription to the CRISIS beginning with the April number to be sent to the above address. I do this after having seen for the first time in my life a copy of the CRISIS and after reading your Sixth Annual Report. Having lived in Hawaii colored chauffeur while spending the winter here both of us are surprised at what we learn of the treatment of the Negro. GEORGE R. CARTER. SALUTATIONS WE confess to strong and perfectly legitimate sympathy with the colored lad, Hubert Eaves, of Des Moines, la., who refused to salute the American flag.tesy and to athing which is THE We believe in cour certain extent in the  called "patriotism," but we believe that a flag which cannot induce in children natural and spontaneous affection, and which calls for courts and sentences to induce respect, we believe that such a flag represents a seriously defective country. Hubert Eaves if he has any sense at all, and he evidently has, knows perfectly well that the country which this flag represents has treated him with studied insult, dishonesty and cruelty. If in the face of that he could induce himself to salute the country's flag for the hope of the future or in gratitude for little things in the past, very well; but if he cannot do this the most decent thing for the country and for the city of Des Moines would be to fail to see Hubert when he forgets to bob his head. PUBLIC SCHOOLS OUR good friend, the decrepit CRISIS out of which comes the great and dreamed of democracy. Of course the South opposes it because it op poses democracy. Of course the bour bon Courier waves its "nevers" and always has. Slavery would "never" be abolished, the Negro would "never" be educated, black men would "never" vote, and so on down through the whole gamut by those who, not contented to legislate and plan for time, are determined to arrange for eternity. As a matter of fact there is a determined attempt in the South to make the public school system so far as Negroes are concerned a method of training servants for the bourbon rich, and these same people are precisely the folk who have no business to have servants because they never have known and never will know apparently how to treat human beings. THE NEGRO LIBRARY ON March 15 at the offices of the Anti-Slavery andAboriginesProtectio Charleston News andCourier says: "DuBois would Negro library furnished by like to employ the schools for breaking down social lines, and that is a dream which will never be realized." If this is true then the public schools are a failure. For the business of the public schools, always recognized from the beginning, has been to break down social lines, to do away with silly distinctions not based on individual work, to be the melting pot Negro American authors was opened in London with a first instalment of twenty-five books. About twenty-five more books are ready to go forward. The CRISIS has made personal appeals to the more distinguished of our authors to furnish volumes for the li brary. It would like to reinforce this appeal and ask all such persons to send books. ESSENCE By GEORGIA DOUGLASS JOHNSON THE dreams of the dreamer -*• Are life-drops that pass The break in the heart Thru the soul's hour-glass. The songs of the singer Are tones that repeat The cry of the heart— 'Till it ceases to beat. NIGHT THOUGHTS By E. A. I. I WEN T out into the night. No stars » shone. The leaden clouds hung low and sullen—a slow, heavy sea painted against the canopy of heaven to shut out the moonlight and shut in the chill-damp wind of that January night. There was no sound save the soughing of pine-trees, now and then the distant yelp of a hound, dreaming of better nights than this. Far afield I saw those pines—a knot of black shadow fringing the sky. Toilers' cabins were dark; there was no sound of habitation. No banjos, no fiddles, no rythmic shuffle of feet, no corn-songs, no rustic frolics, no folk-hymns,—Nothing! Then through the night stole a solitary hoot of some owl—a bit shy; a whip-*poorwill called—low-voiced and sad. Birds of the night, I thought, why break this silence thus solemnly? Your lonely notes tear into me! Call again! Rouse up even the nights of the fifties; wake the folk-spirit, tune the fiddles, set the folk-hymns going in the cabins! I listened. They called no more. I was sad. Just birds, I thought, that know too much of freedom; that know too much of winds and rain and starlight and moon GIBSON of bells. Ah, transgressors! Ill be the day you chant your hymns and lisp your Paternosters! Human-havocers! II. I went into the house, and I dreamed. A solemn Judge sat still. Four men from Earth—all seeming meek and gentle. Judge: "Plow now, what good deed?" The First: "I died, giving succor to my wife and child." Judge: "No doubt; and to all mankind?" The First: "I went to the church; I tossed a cent to a blind man." Judge: "What meaneth, then, the blood on thy hands?" The First: "I see no blood." Judge: "No blood! Verily, blood-lust hath dimmed thine eyes. And humble blood! Away! Pass not here!" And the second came. Judge: "Ah ! Good deeds?" The Second: "I ruled with noble justice. I built schools; I built churches; I gave my goods." Judge: "Human brotherhood?" The Second: "I died, bankrupt and brok en; I gave my all to the multitude." Judge: "Why, bloody hands?" The Second: "I killed no man, not even did I punish. I gave no harsh words, not light; that know nothing ofdull-heartedness, fear, hate—nothing of the oppression even to murderers. I called no names. I of humankind! The moon peeped through a rift in the clouds, and was gone; but it had shone on me—far down in the South country where toilers dwell in hushed humility and in their low mutterings utter half-phrased prayers to the God who rules over bloodletting men! Ah ! mother England, why let down the bars of your debtors' prisons to but open the flood-gates of bloody wrath in the hearts of debtors unborn? Strange wrath, too, this wrath against those who, forced into the new land to humbly serve and wait, still serve, and wait—for the justice and righteousness which they were taught was in the Christ. Two thousand years of the Christ—and four men, hanging high and dangling in the breeze! Ah ! Christianity! What mean those spires— pointing upward and filled with the tolling asked no names. A h me! I see no blood!" Judge: "Verily thou speakest, therefore, thy blood. Away, pass not here with blood upon thee." And the third came. Judge: "Thy good deeds, first?" The Third: "I died, urging men to peni tence." Judge: "What penitence?" The Third: "Thine, Holy Judge." Judge: "And good, to all mankind?" The Third: "Even so. Love, and jus tice." Judge: "Thou art in error, seemingly. Else, what meanest the stain on thy hem?" The Third: "Surely no stain; I taught the Commandments." Judge: "The stain! Hast thou always spoken?" The Third: "I spoke." Judge: "Of human brotherhood?" 33 TH E CRISIS The Third: "I cannot lie. I feared to speak of all, lest I offend. I see a fourth who humbly waits." Judge: "Tarry, then; let me hear." The fourth shambled up—low eyed, even now. Judge: "Speak! What good deeds?" The Fourth: "Nothing, Judge." Judge: "Surely thou art not so evil as thy face is shadowy and dark!" The Fourth: "Judge me as I am. I know not how to speak. Perhaps I mistake evil for good." Judge: "Human brotherhood?" The Fourth: "I served all men. I was not disobedient. I know not why I died, and I shudder to tell how." Judge: "Surely, some good. I see no blood, despite thy mottlements." The Fourth: "I know not, other than that I served. I wait upon thee. I have ever served, and have tried to smile." Judge: "Enough! I know thy tale." I awoke. III. The wind blew chill. I went to the door and looked out into the night. The clouds were gone. Every star shone. The moon sailed—high up and smiling down. God of the Universe! I sighed. "Sam!" It was mother who called. "Yes, mother; just looking out." "Close the door, boy, and get in bed. It frightens me—opening doors." I lay in bed. M y dog growled, and I knew that no sleep would come down to me that night. WHEN GENIUS IS NOT GENIUS By 0. C. W. TAYLOR HANS KREEGER was a strange per sonage. His father, as his name implies, was a German; his mother was a typical Italian, and he—well to use his own expression, he was a cocktail. He was born in Rome, educated in Berlin, and after serving his three years in the German Army, pursued a course in music in Paris and made a success in Grand Opera there. He was the idol of the theatre goers, and would have made a name for himself had not the knife of Jean Cure, whom he had supplanted in the affections of the beautiful Prima Donna, Marie Duval, cut his career short by a stab in the lungs which rendered him an operatic impossibility. Jean's knife had robbed him of his voice but it could not rob him of his soul; and Hans' soul was ninety-nine per cent music. He could not only sing, but he could tell a good singer by his looks. The craft said of him that he could smell a singer a mile away. Hence he was worth $40,000 a year to Oscar Hammond. Now everyone who knows anything about Grand Opera knows Oscar Hammond, the promoter of the National Grand Opera Company over as the one man who has discovered more musical stars than any other man in the world. That is merely his reputation. The truth of the matter is this: Oscar Hammond does not know the difference between Berlin and Beethoven, and he would rather listen to a chorus singing "TheSchnitzelbaum" of Verdi. But you see, Hammond has money and knows a good thing when he sees it. Moreover, he knows how to manage, while Kreeger had only his artistic temperament and was penniless. It was in the early part of February 1915, when Kreeger was in the City of New Orleans in search of warm weather and Creole gumbo. He made it possible to visit New Orleans this time every year and he was accustomed to leave this port for Europe feed the ever insatiable New York theatre goers the following season. He was also at the New Country Club in New Orleans and was speaking to Harry WHE N GENIUS Caxton, one of those many Southern gentlemen who had little money and plenty of social position, but who would very conveniently, but, of course, gentlemanly, swap their position—no, I don't like the term "swap"—but he would conveniently so arrange it that by your furnishing the money and he the social pull you both could manage to have a nice time. Of course, as he had so many social obligations to meet and was at present a little short of funds, would you kindly advance him a small loan as a friendly favor? You have met that sort of people. If not, come to New Orleans and be initiated into the grand order. Well, to resume, he was speaking to Caxton, and evidently he was interested for he seemed to be putting his whole soul into his speech. "I'll tell you, Caxton, she has some voice and will make a hit. I know it. I have never made a mistake in my life, and I never boast. She is a natural singer. She has the volume without the harshness; she has the melody, the tone and the shading—well, she's just got the dope, that's all! She won't do it? Why, man, a society woman will do almost anything to create a sensation and draw attention. Look how they  IS NOT GENIUS 35 "O, no, Caxton, you are mistaken, you must be. I have it from a reliable source that there is nobody visiting them, and she must be the only lady in the house. I have passed the house and stopped for the past four days and every time I stopped on account of her voice. I repeat you are mistaken." The subject of all this conversation was no less a person than Miss Ida Smith, the only daughter and heir of Colonel Tom Smith, retired sugar manufacturer who owned some of the largest plantations in Louisiana, and who lived in the finest house on "The Avenue." "Hang it all," said the bored Caxton, "let us play some golf and get it off our minds." A n afternoon on the links had added a sharpness to Kreeger's appetite, but he was not too hungry to refrain from keeping his eyes glued upon the two doors. He was positive that he was not mistaken. He could not be. And when Caxton touched him and at the same time smiled a recognition to a party of four who were just then entering, he was all the more positive. "Man, a woman who can walk like she have fallen for the Suffrage dope. Hundreds of them who would not vote if they and is as handsome can have the whole could are making stump speeches on every corner. Sure she will do it. And when she does, she will make them all look like thirty cents. I've heard them all— Melba and Tetrazinni,—all of them from the best to the impossible, and she has them all beaten a city block. And besides, she surely hasn't had much training. I venture to say, and I'll back up my words with my money, that in a year's time she would turn Broadway upside down. I know whereof I speak. "I just want to meet her and I will arrange the rest. You are the man to introduce me. What of it?" "Well," replied Caxton after a moment's wait during which* he had called a waiter and ordered two mint juleps and as many perfectos, "she will be here tonight at the dinner dance. I saw her name on the list of reservations, and I will introduce you to her; but I tell you that you are mistaken. She will never make a hit on Broadway or any other place. I have known Ida all of my life and I know that she simply cannot sing. You could not pay the people to come and hear her sing. The gir) cannot talk. Her very speech jars." world at her feet in less than a year, and especially so when she can sing as I have been hearing her." Kreeger received the much-longed-for introduction and was forced to admit to himself that her conversational voice was not as pleasing as it might have been; but then she had never been trained to talk. He tried to turn the conversation into a musical channel but failed altogether. The following morning found him in the accustomed place, and again the same voice was heard. Another and still another morning and the same results. Finally he resolved to beard the lion in his den and so he mounted the steps and rang the bell. A moment of waiting—to him an eternity— and the door was opened by a tiny, neat, black maid. "Pardon me, but I have been listening to Miss Smith sing, and I have presumed upon a slight acquaintance and taken the liberty of ringing the bell. I know that this is rather an unconventional hour for a call, but I could wait no longer. Kindly give my card to the lady and tell her that I would be indeed delighted should she find it convenient to allow me to enter and hear her so THE CRISIS sing. This is my private card, and here take my professional card, too. Tell her that I am the gentleman who was with Mr. Caxton at the New Country Club." The maid looked more than a little astonished at this long speech which was delivered with difficulty, and after a full minute's hesitation replied, "Please sir, the Miss is still abed and, as far as I know, still asleep." "No! no!" answered Kreeger irritatedly. "I have been listening to her this morning as she was singing. I hear her every morning about this time. Now be a good girl and deliver my card to her and if she allows me to enter, you will get something for your trouble." "No, sir. Miss Ida is not yet out of bed. You could not have heard her singing," said the maid in a firm, but polite manner. "Then who was it? Who else could it have been? If there are no visitors in the house, then it must have been her." Kreeger spoke roughly now and was evidently becoming impatient. "Then, sir, since there are no visitors in the house and Miss Ida is asleep, nobody sang those songs you are speaking of, and besides, I think that you had better go, or I will have you arrested." As the maid slammed the door upon finishing these pert remarks, there was nothing left for Kreeger to do but go—and so he went. The following morning he returned, but did not hear the singing. He felt as though something of major importance had gone out of his life and he decided to try and atone for his error of the previous morning. Consequently when he met Miss Smith the following afternoon at an informal tea he immediately prefaced his remarks with an apology for his folly and begged her pardon for the same. "Now, there you go. You are like all the others. Always jollying me about the noise that horrid old maid of mine makes. She nearly worries me to death. You see, she is the daughter of my old mammy. Al l we Southern girls have our "mammys." Surely you have heard of our famous black mammys. Dor and she got to the place where she thought she was as good as one of us. She would deliberately sit herself at my piano, and play and sing every morning when I was finishing my nap, and such a bawling you never heard. I simply could not sleep for it. And besides, I had to show her where she belonged. So I had to get rid of her. She was about to run me crazy." The following evening Kreeger left the city to begin his search for real musical talent. "It is a sin," mused he, "but the American public has not reached the place where they could enjoy the singing of a black Prima Donna. It is a measly shame. If they only would allow me to do so, I would give them the treat of a lifetime. Oh, shucks! I should- worry." The last remark was aloud. SLAVE'S SONG By KELSEY PERCIVAL KITCHEL. AH, whether I loved you, who can say? What of the chaff that lies i' the way Of the wind blown off of the desert grey? ( But I love you now—how well!) You chose me for love and I went with you Yielding as reeds that the stream runs through— What was a broken heart to you? (But you taught me to love you well!) Un-eager I was for your first long kiss— Unstirred was my blood to your touch that is Today of fire, for Beloved, this Is verily love's own spell. My body and soul are yours to mend Or break or yet with your own to blend. Ah, Master, keep me until the end— I have learned to love too well! National Association for theAdvancement THE FIGHT AGAINST SEGREGATION contrast to the timidity of some, the articles ANOTHE R temporary victory was won of Rev. S. E. J. Watson of the Macedonia V by the forces of reaction on April 4, Baptist Church which attracted state-wide when by a vote of (3,700 to 4,100 Dallas, attention, and the vigor with which he led Texas, decided in favor of residential seg his congregation into the campaign, deserve regation. We say temporary because it is especial mention. As soon as the result of beyond the belief of the non-judicial mind the election became known steps were taken that the Supreme Court of Texas which a to organize a local of the N. A. A. C. P. in fortnight ago, in the case of Spence vs. order to raise funds with which to fight the Fenchler appealed from E l Paso decided case through the courts. that the cities of Texas have no authority In St. Louis twenty-five prominent white to establish segregated vice districts, cannot lawyers of the Committee of One Hundred be convinced that a Negro ghetto comes were eager to take the segregation case into within the definition. court without expense to their colored fellow citizens immediately after the election. Col. The discussion before the election was Wells Blodgett, chief counsel for the Wabash Railroacarried on in subdued voices for the most Army, had prepared briefs even before the part, altogether different from the St. Louis election. A t the suggestion of the execucampaign. The 20,000 white voters who tive committee of the St. Louis Branch, the were to decide (there are only 1,600 colored lawyers met in his office on March 7, and voters in Dallas all told), deemed it unneca committee including Hon. Charles Nagel, essary for the dominant race to excite itself ex-Secretary of the Interior, ColonelBlodgett,over the outcome of any legislation aimed Suit was brought against the Mayor, the at Negroes; the colored population half Police Board, the Chief of Police, and the hoped that enough of the volley of "Noes" Building Commissioner to enjoin them from aimed at bonds and franchises would miss enforcing the provisions of the ordinances. their mark to kill segregation, a decidedly The defendants demurred when the case was minor issue. Two prominent colored men called in the Federal Court on March 28, of Dallas, Dr. Bluitt and Rev. J. E. Boyd, and Judge Dyer set the argument for April founder of the Texas Normal Industrial Institute for Colored Youth, both came out in 17. the daily papers in favor of segregation early in the discussion. When their fellows held them up to the scorn of the betrayed and they tried to disavow, of course the white papers refused to publish their reThe Louisville segregation case came up tractions. for argument before the Supreme Court of the United States on April 11, Blakey, Quin Immediately after the election in which &amp; Lewis representing the Negroes of Louisville. St. Louis decided for segregation, Kathryn argued for the plaintiff. M . Johnson, field agent for the National Association, was sent to Dallas to give the the benefit of her long experience in the previous fight. A n organization was quickly In Cincinnati the segregation issue is perfected with W. E. King, editor of the coming up as a school problem. Jim Crow Dallas Express, as president; and a quantity schools have heretofore been established of literature prepared for distribution. without any effective protest by colored peoWhen a few quiet meetings arranged by the ple, but when recently the colored children Business League had demonstrated that the were taken out of the public school in Glen-hall did not immediately burn down when dale, a suburb of Cincinnati, and placed in segregation was discussed, the churches one a separate building where one teacher is atby one opened their doors for meetings. In tempting to teach seven grades, the officers of the local branch decided it was high time 37 38 THE to fight for equal educational opportunities, —and segregation has never yet meant equal opportunities for colored children. President Stevenson, of the Cincinnati Branch, is an uncompromising fighter; his colored fellow citizens can never back him up in a worthier fight. The Washington Branch scored the only recent success in this nation-wide struggle. Fifteen colored mail clerks on the Atlantic Coast Line were booked to be segregated in black train crews under white overseers. Archibald Grimke, the president of the Washington Branch, took charge of their case during several months' fight and finally succeeded in persuading the Superintendent of Railway Mail Clerks to give his decision in favor of mixed crews. But in the larger sense every protest that the colored people of America make against those who seek to set them apart as a subject caste—that's what segregation means—is victory, a triumph over the counsels of the prophets who preach humility before those who would rob them of the last vestige of civil rights. CONGRESS AND THE FEDERAL DEPARTMENTS DISCRIMINATION, however, is wider CRISIS lation introduced each year in Congress. After the crop of Jim Crow and anti-inter marriage bills for the District of Columbia had assumed menacing proportions a hear ing was asked. The result is recorded else where. The report of the hearing which lasted two hours was duly printed. Copies can be obtained by addressing Congressman Tinkham. In these columns last month we published a letter addressed to the President and the committees on military affairs in which we urged that if the army is to be increased cer tain regiments should be open to enlistment of colored soldiers. On April 4 the matter was being discussed by the upper house. It is hardly necessary to state that we quote from Senator Vardaman: "I do not know who is going to succeed the present occupant of the White House. I hope he may succeed himself, but I would not hazard a prediction of what is going to happen. If a man should be elected President tion and whose olfactories have become so desensitized, if I may use that word, that he could not distinguish between a white man and a Negro, and who is so politically antagonistic to the South that he would be  who willing to use the power conferred upon him on both Congress and the Federal Departments. Some bureaus, whenever office staffs than segregation, and theWashington Branch is forced to keep a vigilant by section 56 of this bill for partisan politi have to be reduced, are prone to do their pruning exclusively on one side of the color line, which is not supposed to be visible to the eye of Uncle Sam; and the Civil Service is sometimes so near sighted that it passes over colored names repeatedly in favor of white applicants of lower civil service rating. The president of the Washington Branch won two such cases during the past month: one listed for discharge from the cal purposes, he could order Negro regiments and mobilize them for military training in every congressional district of the State of Mississippi. ".. . I do not charge that any man who could be elected President would be guilty of such a monstrous act, but I am not willing to take any chances." Which calls to mind the conclusion of the office of the auditor of the Interior Department because of deficiency in appropriation distinguished Columbia professor who said, he succeeded in having transferred to the "I need no further proof of the colored office of the auditor in the Post Office Department; and he secured the appointment man's inherent inferiority than the fact that of a colored applicant whose name had been repeatedly passed over for those of white clerks standing lower on the civil service lists. Infinitely more important is the service rendered the colored people of America by Archibald Grimke and the Washington Branch in watching the flood of hostile legisVardaman is suffered to live by the Negroes of Mississippi." On the other side of the capitol the same sentiment of "Down with the blacks!" was expressed in the bill introduced by Frank Park of Georgia, making it unlawful for persons of the Negro race to be designated, elected, or appointed commissioned or noncommissioned officers in the Army or Navy of the United States. Yet with a critical election only a few months off, it is not probable that the Democrats will further antag 39 N. A. A. C. P. onize the colored vote by passing any of has not been exclusively along color lines. these anti-Negro bills at this session. The Indianapolis News fearlessly exposed the persecutions by the police, and the DASHES FRO M TH E TRENCHES prosecuting attorney secured a conviction against a sergeant of police for wantonly THE cement which really binds the members of this organization together is beating a Negro, with a fine of three hunthe daily light and the eternal vigilance against the constant manifestations of racial prejudice. The Louisville Branch had a particularly lively month during March, and came off victorious in their fight against the Knight Bill for Jim Crow street cars after it had passed the Kentucky senate by a vote of IS to 12. The branch spent four hundred and fifty dollars for legal counsel, and fought the bill until it was finally killed in the House Rules Committee. In another case Louisville employed a lawyer to defend a colored man convicted of murder on circumstantial evidence, and succeeded in having his sentence commuted to life imprisonment. Northern California used their membership of 178 in an effective protest to the city commissioners of Oakland against a sign in a down town cafe, "No colored patronage wanted," and were soon informed by the city fathers that the objectionable placard had been removed and would not again be exhibited. The Boston Branch has taken up the case of a colored woman who received inhuman treatment at the hands of the New England Sanitarium located at Stoneham, Mass. Detroit raised ninety dollars to help pay for the printing of the record in the case of Charles Kimbrough, accused of murdering and burning an eight year old child in Saginaw, and sentenced to life imprisondred dollars and ninety days on the penal farm. The Legal Redress Committee of the branch immediately followed up every case involving any kind of imposition upon colored men. Four of those beaten refused to be made parties plaintiff in the suit against the police because of fear; others lost interest in the matter of justice as soon as they had been discharged in the city court; and still others, including Taylor's people, refused assistance with a sneer at lawyers of their own race. Wilmington, Del., wrested a promise from the editors of their three daily papers to capitalize the word "Negro," except where it occurs in municipal cases. It seems that the city government needs educating, too. And no week goes by without word from some quarter of a new skirmish with "The Birth of a Nation." The New Orleans Branch promptly attacked it when the film was announced there; Springfield, 111., voiced its protest through ex-Lieutenant Governor Northcott; Des Moines enlisted the Governor of Iowa in their fight against it, and the Crocker Post of the G. A. R. condemned it. In Cincinnati, although Governor Willis prohibited public exhibitions anywhere in Ohio, the film was recently shown at a "private exhibition" to an audience of some 2,000 shriners. The president of the Cincinnati Branch, Mr. Stevenson, was threatened with dire eventualities if he kept ment. It is generally believed that Kimbrough is innnocent and has not had a fair trial. White friends of Kimbrough inBranch in bringing the case before the Michigan Supreme Court at the April term. The Legal Committee of the Indianapolis Branch has had to contend with an all too common attitude of mind which makes justice a difficult matter to secure. Certain members of the police department of that city, as too frequently happens elsewhere, recently became so drunk with power that they resorted to rather shameful clubbing of several members of both races. The colored citizens believe that Theodore Taylor was shot down in cold blood, but the clubbing up his protest, but he staunchly defended the principles for which the N. A. A. C. P. stands up to the hour of the performance. Saginaw are co-operating with the Detroit THE INCREASE IN MEMBERSHIP HOWARD UNIVERSITY CHAPTER *• recently carried on a membership campaign which brought in nearly 100 new members, 80 of whom were secured by Joseph Brooks, a senior in the College of Arts and Sciences. In addition, 203 new members were enrolled during March; and a new local chartered at York, Pennsylvania. A t a mass meeting on April 9, the Cleveland Branch launched a campaign for 1,000 new members. TH E CRISIS MEETINGS waii, talked on "Booker T. Washington in LINCOLN UNIVERSITY CHAPTER the Role of Leader." has inaugurated a fortnightly open forum on race questions which is to be exceedingly commended to other branches. A t the last meeting, for example, D. G. Hill gave a carefully prepared paper occupying about twenty minutes on "Immorality Among Negroes: Its Mistaken and True Causes," which was followed by a free discussion of the question. The monthly meetings of the Northern California Branch have become affairs of such public importance that the city fathers of Oakland have donated the large City Assembly Hall for their use. Charles M . Shortridge, one of the best known lawyers in San Francisco, was the principal speaker at a recent meeting. On April 17, the Boston Branch held a memorial meeting in Park Street Church for Mrs. Joseph Prince Loud. The memorial of the Detroit Branch in honor of the late Booker T. Washington was addressed by the Governor of Michigan, Woodbridge N ."Washington as a Product of Reconstruction;" and Hon. Charles A. Cottrell, formerly collector of internal revenue for Ha SOLDIERS SINC E 1870 there have been four colored regiments in our regular establishment, two of cavalry and two of infantry, but there has never been a colored artillery organization in the regular service. When ten regiments and several units of artillery were added in 1901, the colored citizens of America were deeply offended that Secretary Root failed to recommend the establishment of any colored regiment. Now that the question is before Congress again, the National Association for the Ad vancement of Colored People urges that the right of these ten million citizens to participate to the full in every phase of our national life be recognized by designating two of the artillery regiments and two of infantry, of those about to be created by Congress, as open for enlistment to colored Ferris, on Contribution to Americans.  "Washington'sIf hyphenated citizenship is a weakness in the body politic, why insist that ten million men and women must remain Afro-Americans unto the fourth and fifth generations? NEGRO SOLDIERS MOBILIZING IN DAKAR, FRENCH WEST AFRICA, FOR THE EUROPEAN WAR Curtains of Gloom MOB-RULE BY G. F. DUNCAN, M. D. ON June 4th (Friday) at ten p. m., I left my office in Fernandino, Fla., to go home to my residence. On the way home I met three young women and one young-man, all Caucasians, walking abreast of each other on the sidewalk. They were strolling leisurely ahead of me. On my approaching them they turned around and looked at me; passage neither on the right nor on the left of them was given me. After walking about ten paces the two young women on my left separated themselves from their two companions on my right, leaving an opening in the middle of them. Believing that they had conceded me passage that way I passed through, not even my coat touching either person nearest me. Nothing was said to me, nor did I say a word to either of the quartet. I did not know who they were. Early Saturday-morning my partner in business asked me over the telephone if I had had trouble with any one on the street the previous evening, to which I replied in the negative. Half an hour afterwards an acquaintance came into my yard excitedly with the news that a mob of "crackers" was awaiting me down town to do me up because I had shoved two white women off the side walk the previous evening. I quieted his fears by telling him it was a mistake, as I felt confident it was. I went down town to my work as usual. I saw white men talking under their breath and looking at me, but up to this day not one of those "chivalrous" men has said a word to me. The rumor became bruited about town that the white people were going to do Dr. Duncan because the Weimar girl (white) complained. Thereupon certain men of my race inquired into the rumor and were informed that "Dr. Duncan met three white girls on the sidewalk the night before, and because they did not move fast enough to let him pass by, he placed his hands upon their shoulders and shoved them off the side walk." Further investigation revealed that this lie had reference to my meeting and passing the four persons as mentioned above; that the lie was given birth to by one girl by name of Weimar who on a previous occasion had endeavored to butt in against me on the street, but of which incident I had given only a passing thought; that she was the sister of a young man who had indirectly cursed at me several times on the street pretending to curse at my dog. Various shades of color were given to the lie. At midday on Saturday the 5th word was sent to me by them that if I would go to the house of this particular young woman's parents and there apologize to her for "passing through" they would drop the matter. I replied that I would die a thousand times over rather than to apologize for doing nothing. They sent back to ask me if I did not think that I would be condescending if I apologized to the girl. I replied that I had no answer to give. Excitement ran high all day. I went about my work as usual. On Saturday night, at 9:30, four men, by name, Paul Cassidy, Frank Sorrensen, Kennard and Weimar, went to my drug store, representing themselves as a committee sent to warn me to leave town by Monday afternoon. I had just left the drug store, so my partner brought me word. Immediately I communicated the facts of the incident leading up to the situation to the mayor, Nathaniel B. Borden. Early on Sunday morning I went in person to see the mayor who informed me that he had taken steps that I should not be molested, and stated that the four men had denied making any threats to me; they had only advised me of the state of public feeling. Moreover, the mayor, to my surprise, intimated to me that certain complaints were sent in to him of me by various parties among whom figured chiefly a white physician by name of Galphin, and by this physician's brother Mack Galphin, and that he, the mayor, had told them that if I had done anything, they could prosecute me according to law. On Sunday night the mayor took steps to protect my house. Monday, the fateful day came. Al l Fernandino became excited. According to suggestion, the mayor called a meeting in the morning at which were present some prominent men of both races. I was present. After a short investigation 41 TH E CRISIS the "charge" of shoving the women off the sidewalk was disproved by evidence of the father of the young man who was with the young women, and also from another man (white) who sent word that "he was standing near by when Dr. Duncan passed and there was nothing to it," but he did not want his name to be dragged into the affair. The mayor then endeavored to dissipate the so-called charges and complaints against me. Because of growing excitement a second meeting was thought necessary, so at 3:30 p. m. one was called at the City Hall. The four ringleaders of the mob were called upon to explain their attitude. The old lie was emphasized and the wording of my letter to the mayor taken umbrage of. Supplementing the lie were these latter "charges": (1) Dr. Duncan's attitude, conduct and bearing were not conformable to white Southern amenities in the following: (a) He is discourteous and arrogant; (b) he is not friendly; (c) he discounts white people in not taking off his hat to them; (d) he is an undesirable and objectionable citizen because: (a) He lectures to the colored children of the public school that they are just as good as white people, and they must separate themselves from the white people; (b) in his capacity as president of the Interdenominational Sunday School Union among the colored people, he is endeavoring to elevate them to the place where the white people will not be able to put hands on them. The other "charges" that were not brought up in the meeting were: (a) I lived in a conspicuous corner property that was sold to me under protest of the white people; (b) I had taken away all Dr. Galpin's practice, in consequence of which he could not make a living to support his family; (c) I had resented an in sult at the freight depot two years ago. Excitement was so high that the mayor called in the municipal judge to read and explain the law to the savages. County Judge Buegnet delivered a masterly address on law and order and the rights of Mr. Duncan as a law-abiding, respectable, useful and desirable citizen; but what was all this oratory, reasoning, and rational procedures by the town officials to a host of savages saturated with hate, prejudice and jealousy? What meaning has justice to those human hyenas? Previous to the meetings, the mob leaders had approached both the municipal and county judges for a warrant for my arrest and had even asked the county judge to find some technicality upon which to arrest me and have me fined. They were informed of the impracticableness of an arrest as I had committed no offense, and if even the technical charge of disorderly conduct were proved, the fine would be only five dollars, and it was impossible to prove it. The head leader of the mob, by name Thompson, in the service of the Federal government, and brother-in-law to Dr. Galphin, informe leaders of the mob, had engaged two other mobs from Yulee and Callahan, respectively, and he, the mayor, could do nothing. Seeing that the city authorities were de fied and powerless and Fernandino being a detached island town, my friends and my wife pleaded with me to leave the town and not to stay there and endanger my life. So, with heavy heart and reluctant steps, I left my. wife, my home and my property for Jacksonville at 4 p. m. on Monday the 7th. Subsequent developments proved that I had acted prudently. Now my family and I are reunited and I have begun my practice over again. The whole thing came like a thunderbolt from a clear sky. Oh, yes! the superior white race! The chivalrous South! The land of the "Free" and the home of the "Brave"! GOSSAMER By GEORGIA DOUGLASS JOHNSON The peerless boon of innocence, The first in nature's list Has faded—ere the rising sun The waking world has kist. The early dew upon the grass, The purity of morn, The glint that lies on virgin-cheek Are cob-webs of the dawn. SEGREGATION Federal Constitution Jim Crow Law I don't believe in agitating and fighting. My policy is to pursue the line of least resistance. To h-- with Citizenship Rights' I want money I think the white folk will let me stay on my land as long as I stay in my place. (Shades of Wilmington, N. C.) The good whites aint responsible for bad administration of the law and lynching and pronagalet me think awhile; er - . Grand-Father Clause WOMAN TO THE RESCUE! 43 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER STANDARD LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY STOCK Constitutes the most popular investment today Because It has the three important elements of a good investment Safety Convertibility Profit And more, no financial organization stands higher before the public than the [1 Standard Life Insurance Company. It has the hearty endorsement of Insurance II Commissioners, of prominent insurance menandofficials, of leading financial and || insurance journals andpapers— North, East, South and West. The stockholders 11 (350 in number) are among the most careful, successful, trustworthy professional M andbusiness men andbanking institutions of the race. Life insurance is a rich business. It pays handsome dividends andpays them || often. It is an all-year-round business. Nodull months. No form of investment II hasproven more safe andprofitable than the shares of stock inan Old-Line Legal II Reserve Life Insurance Company. Al lcompanies that have been carefully man|| aged have paid large returns to stockholders. The Standard Life Insurance Company has hada healthy growth, anda low M mortality since commencing business in IQ13. With a held practically toour11 -elves andpractically limitless, the stock is sure to increase rapidly in value and || to paylarge dividends. Thecompany is now on the eve of being on a dividend-It paying basis. At the rate that subscriptions for this stock have been coming in, the entire 1| issue will be placed within thirty days. |1 Yo umaysecure this stock— 1. By paying cash $200.00 a share. 2. By giving First Mortgage on Real 11 Estate for 5 years. 3. By paying 20 per cent cash ($40.00), and balance 20 per* 11 cent ($40.00) in three, six,nine and twelve months. 4. By a small first payment 11 of $8.00 and $8.00 monthly payments. This is worthy of your consideration. STANDARD LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY HEMAN E. PERRY President A. L. LEWIS . Florida Vice President I desire to purchase THOS. H.HAYES, Tennessee Vice President shares under option No R. L.ISAACS , Texas Vice President EMMET T J. SCOTT , Alabama...Vice Pre-. above. I enclose first payment of HARR Y H . PAC E Secretary-Treasurer $ herewith. Please H. C. DUGA S Asst. Secretary C. C. CATER, M.D Medical Director forward all papers necessary to WM . H . KIN G Director of Agencies complete the subscription. J. C. NAPIER , Nashville. Chairman Advisory Board Full Name HOME OFFICE: Address 200 Auburn Avenue City and State ATLANTA GEORGIA ( C, May, 1916I Mention TH E CRISIS TH E CRISIS ADVERTISER National President MOORF1ELD STOREY, Boston Chairman of the Board of Directors DR. J. E. SPINGARN, New York Director of Publications and Research DR. W. E. B. DU BOIS. New York Vice-Presidents OSWALD GARRISON VILLARD, New York REV. JOHN HAYNES HOLMES, New York JOHN E. MILHOLLAND. New York ARCHIBALD H. GRIMKE, Washington MARY WHITE OVINGTON. Brooklyn REV. G. R. WALLER, Springfield, Mass. NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE OSWALD GARRISON VILLARD ROY NASH Treasurer Acting Secretary ADDITIONAL MEMBERS OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS Chicago Brooklyn New York TAN E ADDAM S DR. V . MORTO N JONE S REV. HUTCHINS C. BISHOP DR. C . E . BENTLE Y PR. 0. M . WALLE R REV. W. H. BROOKS Boston New Haven MRS. FLORENCE KELLEY PAUL KENNADA Y JOSEP H PRINC E LOU D GEORG E W . CRAWFOR D CHARLES EDWARD RUSSELL BUTLE R R. WILSO N Baltimore DR.Philadelphia  WILLIA M A . SINCLAI R ARTHUR B. SPINGARN CHARLES H. STUDIN DR. JOHN G. UNDERHILL BISHO P JOH N HURS1 Washington LILLIAN D. WAL D DR. F . N . CARDOZ O PROF . GEO . WILLIA M COO K WILLIAM ENGLISH WALLING SEGREGATION passed during the last two months in St. Louis, Dallas, and Oklahoma City. Unless you believe in Negro ghettos, help us to fight this issue through the courts by joining the N. A. A. C. P. We need 1,000 more $5 memberships right now. Sustaining Members pay $25.00 per year Contributing Members . $2.00—$10.00 per year Associate Members $1.00 per year The Crisis is sent without further charge to members paying two dollars or more. MEMBERSHIP BLANK Date , 1916. OSWALD GARRISON VILLARD, Treasurer, 70 Fifth Avenue, New York. SIR : I desire to become a member of the National Association for the DA of Colored People and to receive The Crisis. In payment of my dues for one year, I enclose dollars. Name Street City and State Mention TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER TAKEN FROM NEALE'S LIST "The Neale Publishing Company possesses a rare reputation for its standard series of works on American history."—Toronto Mail and Empire. The Facts of Reconstruction. By John R. Lynch, colored; formerly Member of Congress; later Fourth Auditor of the Treasury; at present Major in United States Army. Fourth thousand. $1.65 by mail. The Negro Races: Second Volume of the Series, Containing a Full Account of the Slave Trade. By Jerome Dowd, white; Professor of Sociology and Economics, University of Oklahoma. The price of each volume of the series is $2.50 net; by mail, $2.65. Haiti: Her History and Her Detractors. By J. N . Leger, colored; formerly Minister from Haiti to the United States. Illustrated. Two editions; one in English and the other in French. Each edition $3.20 by mail. The Monroe Doctrine in Its Relation to the Sulphur Springs," published by this house, and other books. $1.00 by mail. Negro Tales. By Joseph S. Cotter, colored; Principal of one of the largest schools for Negroes in the South. Something new in literature. $1.00 by mail. The Political History of Slavery in the United States. By the late James Z. George, white; formerly Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Mississippi; later United State;. Senator. Introduction by John Bassctt Moore, Professor of International Law and Diplomacy, Columbia University. Edited by William Hayne Leavell, United States Minister to Guatemala, who supplies a sketch of Senator George. A comprehensive survey of the political history of slavery in this country. $3.25 by mail. Racial Adjustments in the Methodist Episcopal Church. By John H . Reed, D.D., K. C , colored; with an introduction by Adna B. Leonard, D.D., LL.D . $1.60 by mail. The Seed That Was Sown in the Colony of Georgia. By Charles Spaulding Wylly, white. "N o ore," says the Knoxville Sentinel, "has bettet understood the institution of slavery, its mission, and its defects," than Colonel Wylly. $1.35 by mail. Race Adjustment: Essays on the Negro in America. By Kelly Miller, colored; Dean of the College of Arts and Sciences and Professor of Mathematics, Howard University. Third thousand. $2.15 by mail. Dean Miller's latest book, "Out of the House of Bondage," which is also published by this company, has already reached a large sale. $1.65 by mail. Republic of Haiti. By William A. MacCorkle, LL.D., white; author of "The White ored; Field Secretary of the Joint Organ The Black Man's Burden. By William H. Holtzclaw, colored; Principal of the Utica Normal and Industrial Institute for the Training of Colored Young Men and Young Women, Utica, Mississippi. With an introduction by the late Booker T. Washington. Illustrated. Third thousand. $1.60 by mail. Chief Characteristics of the Southern Negro. By E. H. Randle, A.M., LI-D., white; Dr. Randle discusses the changes wrought in the Negro character by the conditions of his freedom, the specialized education that the Negro requires, the Negro as a wage earner, his social qualities, the effect of the elective franchise, and many other matters. $1.00 by mail. The Key; or, a Tangible Solution of the Negro Problem. By James S. Stemons, col ization of the Association for Equalizing Industrial Opportunities and the League of Civic and Political Reform. $1.00 by mail. Race Orthodoxy in the South. By Thomas Pearce Bailey, white; formerly Professor in the Universities of California, Chicago, and Mississippi, and now a Professor in the University of the South. $2.15 by mail. Redder Blood. By William M . Ashby, colored. One of the few novels of the Negro I33' a Negro to be published in this country. Mr. Ashby is a Yale man. $1.00 by mail. The Voice of Mizriam. By John Walter Paisley, colored. This volume of poems, by a teacher of literature, deserves a place in the rapidly increasing library of American Negro poets, to which Dunbar, Corrothers, Braithwaite, and others have made valuable additions in recent years. $1.25 by mail. My Ogowe. By Robert Hamill Nassau, M.D., S.T.D., white; for forty-five years a resident of Africa; pioneer and explorer; scientist and man of letters. The work of a lifetime; 700 octavo pages of text with 50 full-page illustrations. $3.25 by mail. Dr. Nassau's book entitled "In an Elephant Corral" is also published by this house. $1.00 by mail. The New Negro; His Political, Civil, and Mental Status. By William Pickens, Lit.D., colored; Dean of Morgan College, Baltimore. Dr. Pickens was graduated from Yale in the highest grade of his class and won the Phi Beta Kappa Key and the Ten Eyck Oration. Although a young man, he has won distinction as a scholar; he is easily among the foremost men of his race. $1.60 by mail. Order through 70 Fifth Avenue New York City THE NEALE PUBLISHING CO., 440 Fourth Avenue or THENew York City Mention TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 47 SAMUEL COLERIDGE-TAYLOR : Musician HIS LIFE AND LETTERS By W. C. Sayers ILLUSTRATED AMUEL COLERIDGE-TAYLOR, the first composer of classic music to come from the colored races, was born in London forty years ago. His genius asserted itself at the early age of six when, as one of his admirers describes it, he was found "holding a very small-sized violin in one band, and playing at marbles with the other." The real discovery was, however, made by bis guardian, friend, and benefactor, Colonel Herbert, of the Queen's Regiment. At thirteen, he was a brilliant solo violinist. Entering the Royal College of Music in 1890, three years later, he won an open scholarship for composition. His progress was marked by such landmarks as "Hiawatha's Wedding beast," known the world over, "Herod," "Ulysses," "Nero," "Faust," "Endymion's Dream," " A Tale of Old Japan," "Othello." The tribute we pay to the darker races of the world who have produced artists, thinkers, and composers is notorious by its absence. Proud of his race, it was indeed characteristic of the sturdy, honest nature of Coleridge-Taylor that be never sought to keep in the background his Negro origin, but, on the contrary, was thoroughly proud of it and of his own position. Of the fascination the tale of his life holds for a biographer, it is needless to speak. Mr. Berwick Sayers has brought to his loving task an enthusiasm which makes of his volume charming reading. Alfred Nov es, in the poem entitled "Samuel Coleridge- Taylor," writes: The spark that falls from heaven, not oft on earth, To human hearts its vital splendor gives; His was the simple, true, immortal birth! Scholars compose; but THIS MAN'S MUSIC LIVES. Price, $2.25. Postage Extra THE CRISIS :: :: :: 70 Fifth Avenue, NEW YORK CITY The many uses of Calling Cards by people in all walks of life make them no longer a luxury, but a necessity in the present day. We furnish the best quality of cards, neatly printed in the most popular styles and sizes for ladies or gentlemen, with or without address, at 50 cents for 100 or 30 cents for 50 cards, postpaid. Make extra money each week taking orders for these cards. Liberal commissions allowed. No experience necessary as we furnish free instructions with outfit. Prompt attention given all orders. Write us today for samples and terms. The House of Chowning, Desk 10, Indianapolis, Ind. Mention TH E CRISIS 4S 	THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Atlanta University Agents Wanted Men or Women Studies of the TO SELL Negro Problems 	Memorial Edition 18 Monographs Sold Separately 	BOOKER T. Address WASHINGTON ATLANTA UNIVERSITY CONFERENCE 	Send for Information ATLANTA UNIVERSITY :: ATLANTA, GA. JAMES W. CALDWELL CO. 1737 N. Woodstock St. The Curse of Race Prejudice Philadelphia By James F. Morton, Jr., A. M. _ A n aggressive exposure by an Anglo-Saxon champion of equal rights. Startling facts and crushing BOOKS! BOOKS! arguments. Fascinating reading. A necessity for clear understanding and up-to-date propaganda. Belongs in the library of every friend of social justice. Price 25 cents. Send order to YOUNG'S BOOK EXCHANGE 135 W. 135th St., New York City JAMES F. MORTON, JR. WORLD'S FAMOUS NEGRO WRITERS 211 West 138th Street -:• New York, N. Y. Bargains in Rare Books Mail Orders Solicited :GLEANINGS FROM DIXIE-LAND" Ten poems by EFFIE T. BATTLE, A .M. "MrB. Battle has an individual gift of melody." —Springfield Republican. "You owe it to your race to publish your poems in book form."—Editor, Southwestern Christian Advocate. "Verses are smooth, graceful, high-minded and clear, reverent to all truth, appreciative of all beauty and Make$35 to 565 a week show-&gt; InffthisgreatTailor-Book. ftrue inspiration."—George W . Cable. Goods so muchfiner and prices PRICE 25 CENTS. 	so much lower, everyonesees1 the difference at a glance. ADDRESS: OKOLONA INDUSTRIAL SCHOOL, Okolona, Miss. Special Offer To prove our unequalled quality, we will let you ordor at the wholesale price, a Sample Suit or even a pair of pantsso low aa$2.25 —and no extra charges even lor the $25.0 0 PE R WEE K 	biggest peg top styles. You can m make more Quick mon^y and buy your may be made in commissions by parties handling 	ownfine tailored clothea cheaper than youever thoughtspossible. "History of Negro Soldiers in Spanish-American 	We prepay the chargeo on every order and don t keep a cent of any customer's money unices ho ISJ well pleased. ^LetUBeepd y_ Oil War" combined with "History of the Negro Race." 	this tine sample outfit and show you how to take the moBt perfect 400 pages, 50 illustrations. Price $1.25 net. 	measures for thefinest tailoring on tbemarkeU Write uo today. The Chicago Tanlors* Association Address: E. A. JOHNSON Oept-704 515 South Franklin Street, CHICAGO 154 Nassau Street NEW YORK The Haitian Revolution. . . By T. G. Steward A book of 300 pages, beautifully illustrated. -| tf&gt; g* TVSLVST Tells the story of the birth of the Black Republic. &lt;p 1./60 L% " I "No one can read this book without a greater love of freedom."—Kansas City Sun. "No more interesting book has been written."—Army and Navy Register. "Picturesque story."—Boston Transcript. "In a word the book is excellent."—Louisville Nczvs. "Should be read by every colored man and woman in America."—Chicago Defender. "Wonderful book."—Amsterdam News. "Temperate, comprehensive, instructive."—Columbus Ev'g Despatch. ORDER FROM THE AUTHOR T. G. STEWARD, Wllberforce, Ohio Or Irom TH E CRISIS. 70 Fifth Ave., New York Mention THE CRISIS THE CRISIS	 ADVERTISER GANTT	 QUINO SCHOOL of BEAUTY CULTURE Hair Culture Scalp Treatment Facial Massage Manicuring SYSTEM SCIENTIFIC PRACTICE PERFECT RESULTS REAL Classes taught in your City or by Correspondence. Hair Grower, 50c. Temple Oil, 75c Write today: Gantt Quino School, 636 Fogg St., Nashville, Tenn. The SLAUGHTER SYSTEM introducing LYDA'S HAIR BEAUTIFIER Guaranteed to Grow Hair ID SIX TREATMENTS or Money Refunded. Price 50 cents per box. Agents Wanted. System Taught by Mail or at College. Mrs. E. Slaughter Gamble 3001 LAW TOM	 AVENUE ST. LOUIS, MO. Start a Mail Order Business and Make Money You can operate in your own home during Spare time, o The parcel post has opened up the doors of opportunity to YOU . Others are making $20 to $500 a week. Why can't you? By our method you can start with $5 and up. We offer you thirty live, money-making mail order plans. You can make 95 cents profit of everyculars, printed matterlowest rates. Send 10it today—Nowl MAIL DEALERS517 Dearborn Stree* T¥T A i^Pf¥?¥?TEACHERS dollar order. We furniBh cir and place your advertising at  cents for complete outfit. Do WHOLESALE HOUSE " Chicago. 111. The new efficiency era calls modern	 way of for the selecting teachers, through a live agency that furnishes the connecting medium in a business way, saves time of school officials, relieves teachers of the embarrassment of job hunting and covers the whole country. We have had calls for teachers from Alabama, Arkansas, Delaware, District of Columbia, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky, Maryland, Mississippi, Missouri, North Carolina, Oklahoma, Rhode Island, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia and West Virginia. Our list	 of teachers covers even a wider territory. THE MUTUAL TEACHERS* AGENCY 1403 New York Avenue Washington, D. C. COLORED HELP WANTED Private families (also Hotels, season 1916) SUBURBAN TRADE SPECIALTY Houseworkers $25-$35; cooks $30$100; chambermaids, waitresses $25$30; waiters, useful men, butler?, $25-$60; couples $50-$80; other positions, good pay. N.	 Y. &amp; X. J. INDUSTRIAL EXCHANGE 1931 Broadway, cor 65th St. New York City. Samuel T. Marrow Prop,	 Mrs. E . Marrow Asst. Red Rose products, fresh as morning clew, Wweet with the odor of flower caaence brew, iNire as tin* crystal Uauld stream, Bubbling from mountain airing—a perfect dream. Our Face Powders are made in nny shade or weight to suit any complexion and condition of the face; contain no poisonous Ingredients; have a feathery lightness; adhere to the skin when no other will; tone the complexion to the highest, point of beauty. Samples on request. Responsible agents wanted. FLORESSENCE MFG. CO. Box 7 239 W. 63rd St., NEW YORK The Poems of Phillis Wheatley the early Negro poetess collected by RICHARD R. WRIGHT. JR., and CHARLOTTE CROGMAN WRIGHT and arranged in an attractive volume suitable for a birthday gift. Price, One Dollar THE CRISIS 70 Fifth	 Avenue :: :: ADVANCE STYLES FREE Suits To Introduce Here we KO as:ain .breaking all records for new, nobby, ahead -of-the-time styles Be the first in your town to wear a suit that is ahead of the time. Yon can do it FREE. To introduce these styles quickly we will invu you a complete Buil free, and by your wearing it you can make $50 to $100 a Week Drop us a postal f orouradvance book, select tho styles you want and the cloth, and get Your Suit FREE Don't wait. Don't delay. Writ* riffht away. A postal w I do. W© send everything: the day your ruquest ia received. We pay express on everything, dot busy. Simply send ua a pontal with your name and address OD it. Paragon Tailoring Co. Dapt.551 CHICAGO :: New York 3 Months Ahead of the Times OUR COLORED SOLDIERS Wonderful new picture in 12 colors of the Tenth Cavalry and the "Fighting 24th." Size 16x20, 60c Famous Negro Series. Finest pictures ever produced of Booker T. Washington, Douglas, Dunbar, DuBois, L'Overture, Tanner, Attucks, Sojourner Truth, Phyllis Wheatley, Coleridge-Taylor, Dumas, John M. LangBton, B. K. Bruce, R.for $2.25, 12 for $4.00; framedas subjects Agents wanted everywhere.your town to land this money T. Greener, John R. Lynch. Size 11x14, heavily mounted; BOc each, 6  in Circassian Walnut or Gold, $1.40. 50 other Art pictures with Negroes Big premium offer. New Credit Plan. We trust you. Be the first in  making offer. DOUGLAS SPECIALTIES CO., Dept. K., 3548 Vernon Ave., CHICAGO, ILL. Mention	 TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Evans Art Pianos and Players Factory toYou and up can Be saved by my plan of selling direct from my factory to you. I can save vou from S12J to $250 on an Evans Artist Model Piano or §*tayer. Frpiffht Paid The easiest kind of terms.week^^iSmmmm^^mm ]y. monthly, quarterly or yearly payments to suit your convenience. All middle* men, jobbers, dealers and agents profits cut out. These are some of the reasons why 1 can sell the Evans Artist Model Pianos for such little money. Let me send you the other reasons. 30 DAYS FREE TRIAL We allow all freight charces, let you use the beautiful Evans Artist Model Piano for thirty days free. If you are not entirely satisfied, we will take it back without any cost to you—you are the sole judge to deride. If you want to keep it, you may do so on our low factory wholesale price on most convenient terms. Music Lessons Without Cost To every customer we will give a two years course of piano instruction free. Ask about our insurance plan. Write today. STORY &amp; CLARK PIATVO CO. F. O. EVANS, Gen. Mgr., Dept. B'35 Chicago The Standard Teachers' Agency (Established 1897) A Selected List, Graduates and Undergraduates, for Schools, Colleges and Universities. Address: JOHN T. C. NEWSOM, Prop, and Broker, 1011 New York Ave., Washington, D. C. I) 1 0 See the Selected List on BOOKS, the Inside Front Cover How to Get Your Suit FREE Send postal today for full information how to get your Spring: suit, made to measure, with out a penny's cost. $30 to $40 would nol buy a better one. Simply wear it, tell your friends TOhero you got it—take their orders— MAKE $10 TO $25 A DAY in your spare time. It is dead easy—you never saw a nobbier suit or a more stunning pattern, cut invcry latest stylo. Your choice of 60 fabrics r.nd 32 etylea. Drop us a postal card for heavy pattern book, inside information about styles, eu-lf - m^aii'irinfr blank;., etc. r&gt;ON'T \?A1T. M.-..I Pnet.l NOW. We Pay Delivery Charges Get ahead of other fellows—write thia minute. A postal will do. American Woolen Mills Co. Dept. 551 CHICACO Mention LEGAL DIRECTORY Telephones { Central 104-W ATTORNEY-AT-LAW NOTARY PUBLIC Main 61 1607 Williamson Building Cleveland, Ohio HARRY E. DAVIS Office L. D. Telephone 3297 Market Residence L . D. Telephone 5377-M Market GEORGE A. DOUGLAS COUNSELLOR-AT-LAW Rooms 613-614, Metropolitan Building 113 Market St, Cor. Washington, Newark, N. J. General Practice Notary Public WILLIAM R. MORRIS ATTORNEY AND COUNSELLOE-AT-LAW 1020 Metropolitan Life Building Minneapolis Minn. BROWN S. SMITH ATTORNEY-AT-LAW Office,: Suite 802 Sykes Block Near Third and Hennepin Minneapolis . _ _ Minn. TeL 5?37 Fort Hiir Cable Address, Epben EDGAR P. BENJAMIN ATTORNEY ANP COUNSELLOR-AT-LAW 34 School Street Bolton, Mass Telephone Connection W. Ashbie Hawkins George W. F. McMechen HAWKINS &amp; McMECHEN ATTORHEYS-AT-LAW 21 East Saratoga Street Baltimore, Md. PERSONAL CARDS Telephone 5277 Morningside DR. GERTRUDE E. CURTIS SURGEON DENTIST 188 W. 13Sth Street New York City J. E. ORMES ACCOUNTANT Audits Systems Business Information by mail. Open for engagements July and August Box 25, Wilberforce University Wilberforce, O. AGENTS WANTED FOR |W.T . McKissick &amp; Co's. I FAMOUS 90 DAYS TREATMENTS No. 1, No. 2 and No. 3 ;r For Scalp, Hair and Skin W P. O . Box 102, WILMINGTON, DEL. WANTED Agents for TH E CRISIS. Dignified work. 70 Fifth Avenue, New York. THE CRISIS PRINCE HALL Preacher, Race Champion, Abolitionist, Father of Negro Masonry One of the Great Figures in Negro History "The abolition of slavery; participation in the government upon terms and under conditions applicable alike to every other class of citizens; equality before the law; resistance to every form of encroachment upon the rights of black men; the education of Negro children; the right to be let alone; the iniquity of public insult: such was the platform of this Negro prophet who was born a whole century before Appomattox." The character and work of this great man have been admirably set forth m a new book of vital interest to Masons and laymen. The book is "Prince HallandHis Followers" The author is George W. Crawford, 33° Grand Master of Connecticut Price One Dollar. Postage Extra. ORDER NOW AGENTS WANTED TH E CRISIS 70 Fifth Avenue :: :: New York Mention TH E CRISIS The Horizon Guild in conjunction with a committee of citizens announces the presentation of Illustrating the history of religious faith in the Negro race and commemorating the 100th anniversary of the meeting of the General Conference of the African Methodist Episcopal Church In the City of Philadelphia May 16, 18 and 20, 1916 One Thousand Actors Fifty-three Musical Numbers Scenery and Costumes W. E. BURGHARDT DU BOIS, Master of the Pageant, 70 Fifth Avenue, New York City. This pageant, which has already been given in New York City and Washington, D. C , will be repeated in Boston, Baltimore, and other cities South and West Mention THE CRISIS