The Crisis The Crisis Chrismas, 1918 "THE FLIGHT INTO EGYPT" W. Scott TEN CENTS PER COPY ONE DOLLAR PER YEAR HELP CRUSH OUT LYNCHING The Anti-Lynching Committee of the N. A. A. C. P. earnestly appeals for contributions to its Anti-Lynching Fund—no matter against lynching—the monster disloyalty to America. " I say plainly that every American who takes part in the action of a mob or gives any sort of countenance is no true son of this great democracy, but its betrayer, and does more to discredit her by that single disloyalty to her standards of law and right than the words of her statesmen or sacrifices of her heroic soldiers in the trenches can do to make a suffering people believe in her, their savior.'' —From President Wilson's Lynching and Mob Violence Pronouncement. President Wilson's appeal must be heeded. The suppression of lynching has become a test of national patriotism. Lynching persists because those who practice it believe in it more strongly than the opponents of lynching believe in " ordered law and humane justice." Eight Negroes were lynched in the ten weeks following the President's pronouncement. N o one was arrested or put on trial because of these lynchings. Every lynching must be investigated. The facts must be brought home to the people of America. Governors must be appealed to in each specific case to uphold the law. (The punishment of lynchers has been held to be an affair of local authorities in the States.) The pressure of national condemnation must be brought to bear upon local authorities everywhere. Public opinion must be aroused until it becomes a vital and compelling force. The public conscience must be stimulated to decisive action. When aroused, this awakened conscience must be organized, vitalized and centred upon effective means of action. We appeal for a fund of $10,000. Unless you do your share we shall not get it. Send check, money order, or currency to OSWALD GARRISON VILLARD, Treasurer NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE 70 FIFTH AVENUE. NEW YORK MOORFIELD STOREY, President JOHN R. SHILLADY, Secretary THE CRISIS A RECORD OF THE DARKER RACES PUBLISHED MONTHLY AND COPYRIGHTED BY THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE, AT 70 FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK CITY. CON DUCTED BY W. E. BURCHARDT DU BOIS; AUGUSTUS GRANVILLE DILL, BUSINESS MANAGER Vol. 17—No. 2 DECEMBER, 1918 Whole No. 98 PICTURES Page COVER. "THE FLIGHT INTO EGYPT." From the painting done for THE CRISIS by William E. Scott. MEN OF THE MONTH 73 THE CONSECRATION OF BISHOP E. T. DEMBY 74 BLACK AMERICA TO THE RESCUE 83 LIBERIA DAY IN NEW YORK 85 INSPECTION AND ATHLETICS ABROAD 88 ARTICLES AT THE TURN OF THE ROAD. A Story. Helen G. Ricks 64 A NEGRO WOMAN TO HER ADOPTED SOLDIER BOY. Florence Lewis Bentley 66 WE WHO ARE DARK. A Poem. Clara Burrill Bruce 67 A NATIONAL HYMN 68 BALLADE TO PAUL LAURENCE DUNBAR. Lucian B. Watkins. . . 72 DEPARTMENTS OPINION 59 NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE 69 m MEN OF THE MONTH 73 THE LOOKING GLASS 76 THE HORIZON 82 THE TERCENTENARY CALENDAR A calendar with a soldier cover, twelve appealing baby faces, and the leading dates of These Hundred Years of Misery and Triumph. What a combination for twenty-five cents! TEN CENTS A COPY; ONE DOLLAR A YEAR FOREIGN SUBSCRIPTIONS TWENTY-FIVE CENTS EXTRA RENEWALS : The date of expiration of each subscription is printed on the wrapper. When the subscription is due, a blue renewal blank is enclosed. CHANG E O F ADDRESS : The address of a subscriber can be changed as often as desired. In ordering a change of address, both the old and the new address must be given. Two weeks' notice is required. MANUSCRIPT S and drawings relating to colored people are desired. They must be accompanied by return postage. If found unavailable they will be returned. Entered as second class matter November 2. 1910. at the post office at New York. New York, under the Act of March 3, 1879. 56 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER National Training School DURHAM , NORTH CAROLINA A School for the Training of Colored Young Men and Women for Service Though it is young in history, the Institution feels a just pride in the work thus far accomplished, for its graduates are already filling many responsible positions, thus demonstrating the aim of the school to train men and women for useful citizenship. DEPARTMENTS ALREADY ESTABLISHED The Grammar School The Teacher T r a i n i n g Department The Academy The Divinity School The School of A r t s and Sciences The Commercial Department The Department of Music The Department of Home Economics The Department of Social Service In Equipment and Teaching Force it is Not Surpassed by Any School for the Training of Colored Youth in the South. THE FALL TERM OPENED OCTOBER 1, 1918. For further information and Catalog, address President James E. Shepard, Durham, North Carolina The Students' Army Training Corps, at the Agricultural and Technical College begins October 15th, 1918 All colored men from 18 to 21 years of age who have a public school education or its equivalent should enroll in the Students' Arm y Training Corps. Board, lodging, tuition and clothes are furnished and one dollar a day paid by the United States Government. Army officers will be selected from among the men who enroll in the Students' Army Training Corps. The military training will be supplemented by strong courses in Sanitation, Mathematics, Science, and English. For further information Write today to JAS. B. DUDLEY, President GREENSBORO, N. C. The Cheyney Training School for Teachers CHEYNEY, PENNA. For reasonably mature students who have a good secondary school preparation, and who desire to become teachers, courses are offered during the regular term in academic work, domestic science, domestic art, physical training, elementary school methods, wood and metal working, and agriculture. Board room and laundry privileges for the year, $125. Fall term began Wednesday, September 18, 1918. Mention THE CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 5 7 Atlanta University Is beautifully located Is the City of Atlanta, Oa. The courses of study include High School, Normal School and Collage,, with manual training and domestic science, Among the teachers are graduates of Yale, Harvard, Dartmouth and Wellesley. Fortynine years of successful work have been completed. Students come from all parts of the South. Graduates are almost universally successful, For further Information address President EDWARD T. WARE ATLANTA , GA. Knoxville College Beautiful Situation. Healthful Location. The Best Moral and Spiritual Environment. A Splendid Intellectual Atmosphere. Noted for Honest and Thorough Work. Offers full courses in the following departments: College, Normal, High School, Grammar School and Industrial. Good water, steam heat, electric lights, good drainage. Expenses very reasonable. Fall Term Began September IS, 1918. For Information address President R. W. McGRANAHAN KNOXVILLE , TENN. THE FLORIDA A. and M. COLLEGE Tallahassee, Florida Offers long and short courses in Mechanic Arts, in Home Economics in Agriculture, in Education and in Science. For Catalog Address NATHAN B. YOUNG , President P. O. DRAWER 524 1870 CLARK UNIVERSITY 1917 SOUTH ATLANTA GEORGIA Most beautiful campus of 70 acres, commodious buildings with modern conveniences. High Scholarship — Talented Faculty — Well equipped library and laboratories—Literary societies—Athletics—Co-educational—Expenses very low. $100 per year of eight months will pay tuition, board, room, etc. Comfortable dormitories with steam heat and gas light. COURSES OF STUDY Domestic Science for girls, cooking, sewing, dressmaking and embroidery. Pre-Academy—7th and 8th grades. Academy—Four ye%rs with diploma. Pre-Medical—Two yea. a above academy. College—Four years leading to A. B. degree. Normal—Five years above grades with diploma. First Semester opened October 2, 1918. HABBY ANDREWS KING, President. # ST. MARY'S SCHOOL An Episcopal boarding school for fir La, under the direction of the Sisters of St Mary. Address: THE SISTER-IN-CHARGE 60S N. 43d St W. Philadelphia, Pa. MOREHOUSE COLLEGE (Formerly Atlanta Baptist College) ATLANTA GA College, Academy, Divinity- School An institution famous within recent years for its emphasis on all sides of manly development— the only institution in the far South devoted solely to the education of Negro young men. Graduates given high ranking by greatest northern universities. Debating, Y. M. C A , athletics, all live features. For information address JOHN HOPE, President WILEY UNIVERSITY MARSHALL, TEXAS Recognized as a college of the First Class by Texas and Louisiana State Boards of Education. Harvard, Yale and Columbia represented on its faculty; students gathered from ten different states. Strongest Music Department in the West M. W. DOGAN, President FISK UNIVERSITY NASHVILLE , TENN . Founded 1866 Thorough Literary, Scientific, Educational, Musical and Social Science Courses. Pioneer in Negro music. Special study in Negro life. Ideal and sanitary buildings and grounds. Well-equipped Science building. Christian home life. High standard of independent manhood *ud womanhood. For literature, etc, write 9 FAYETTE AVERY McKENZIE, President Morris Brown University Atlanta, Ga. Co-Educational The largest institution of learning in the South owned and controlled by Negroes. Faculty of specialists, trained in some of the best universities in the North and in the South. Noted for high standard of scholarship; industrial emphasis and positive Christian influence. Well equipped dormitories; sane athletics under faculty supervision. Expenses reasonable. Location central and healthful. Departments: Theology, College, Preparatory, Nor mal, Commercial, Musical. Domestic Science, Nun Trainine-. Sewing, Printing and Tailoring. First Semester began October 1, 1918. For further information address W. A . FOUNTAIN , Pr.sieUnt BISHOP J. S. Flipper. Chairman Trustee Board Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER LIVINGSTONE COLLEGE SALISBURY, N. C. A Religions Co-Educational School with i Tradition Open to All Negroes: Only Merit Counts Students come from Twenty-nine States in the Union, from Canada, Africa,	 the West India Islands and Central America.	 And Graduates Make Good. Salisbury, North	 Carolina, an Ideal Place for Study with a Mild, Equable Climate, Pure Water, Breezes from Pine and other	 Forests a Constant Tonic—the Greatest Degree of Health fulness. New Girls' Dormitory with all ModemConveniences Accommodating 210 just Completed and Ready Courses of Study: Grammar School, Academy, Normal. College, Divinity, Music and Industries for Boys and Girls. Expenses Moderate. Thirty-sixth Session opening October, 1918. For Further Information Address D. C. SUGGS, President or J. E .	 Aggrey, Registrar. Wilberforce University Wilberforce, Ohio (Established 185$) The school with the recognized Military Department. A strong and thorough course in Military Science and Tactics given all male students, by regular U . S. officer. Graduates in great demand by U . S. Government for selected service. Given quota of 20 men for Fourth Officers' Training Camp, Ft. Dodge, la. Courses of Study—College (Scientific, Classical and Educational) ; Normal (Elementary and Industrial Teachers) and Vocational; Theological (Regular and English); Academy —Four years with diploma. $40,000.00 gymnasium just completed. School opened September 17th. For information address W.	 S. SCARBOROUGH, President. BIDDLE UNIVERSITY CHARLOTTE. N. C. Blddle University, operated under the auspices of the Northern Presbyterian Church, has four Departments—High School, Arts aDd Sciences Theological and Industrial. The completion of a Grammar School course is the requirement for entrance to the first year of the High School. The School of Arts and Sciences offers two courses of study, the Classical and the Scientific. In the scientific. German is substituted for Greek or Latin. The entrance requirement for the Freshman Class is 15 units of High School work. The Theological Department offers two courses, each consisting of three years. The first is purely English, Greek and Hebrew are taught in the others. All students in the High School Dept. are required to take trades in the Industrial Dept, For further information, address President H. L. McCrorey, Charlotte, N. C. J.	 BRICK AGRICULTURAL, INDUSTRIAL AND NORMAL SCHOOL BRICKS, Edgecombe County, N. C. (On A. C. L. R. R.) This School offers a first-class High School Course, including Domestic Science, Domestic Art, Agriculture, Work in Wood, Iron and Mechanical Drawing. Piano and Vocal Music, Night School. A Two Year Teacher-Training Course Is Open To High School Graduates. Teachers and officers, 22; enrollment, 315— boarders, 212. Cottages and buildings, 23. School farm, 1129J4 acres. Strong athletic, literary and Christian associations. School term 33 weeks. Environment fine. Telephone and telegraph Enfield, N. C. For further information write T. S. INBORDEN, Principal, BRICKS, N. C. The Slater Industrial and State Normal School For Colored Youth of Both Sexes WINSTON-SALEM, N. 0. I.	 Offering Standard Courses In Academic Subjects, In Industrial and Vocational Subjects, In Education. II.	 Graduates receive the Teacher's Certificate. III.	 Located amid the foothills of the mountain section of Western North Carolina and the health conditions are ideal. IV. Accommodations excellent and expenses moderate. For further Information communicate with S. G. ATKINS, Principal •LATER STATE NORMAL SCHOOL, Winston-8alem, N. C. COLEMAN COLLEGE GIBSLAND, LA. Supported by Baptist State Woman's Home Mission Society of Chicago and Boston and A. B. H . Society of New York. Students from six different states. Graduates exempted on first grade by Louisiana, Arkansas and Oklahoma. O. L. COLEMAN, President Educational Institutions Continued on page 91 THE CRISIS Vol. 17-No. 2 DECEMBER. 1918 Whole No. 98 Opinion of W. E. B. Du Bois PEACE THE nightmare is over. The world awakes. The long, horrible years of dreadful night are passed. Behold the sun! We have dreamed. Frightfully have we dreamed unimagined, unforgettable things—all lashed with blood and tears. Bound and damned we writhed and could not stir. The contortions of our hated souls stifled our hunted bodies. We were cold and numb and deaf and blind, and yet the air was visioned with the angels of Hell ; the earth was a vast groan; the sea was a festering sore, and we were flame. And now suddenly we awake! It is done. We are sane. We are alive. Behold the Heavens and its stars; and this blood,—this warm and dripping blood from our mad self-laceration— What of it? Can we not staunch it? Will we not? Hail, then, Holy Christmas time, Nineteen Hundred and Eighteen Years after the Birth, and five since the last Crucifixion. "On Earth, Peace, Good Will Toward Men." THE FLIGHT INTO EGYPT YOU remember, do you not?— the beautiful Bible story in the simple words of Matthew, telling of the departure of the Three Wise Men: "And when they were departed, behold, the angel of the Lord appeareth to Joseph in a dream, saying, Arise, and take the young child and his mother, and flee into Egypt, and be thou there until I bring thee word: for Herod will seek the young child to destroy him. "When he arose, he took the young child and his mother by night, and departed into Egypt : "And was there until the death of Herod: that it might be fulfilled which was spoken of the Lord by the prophet, saying, Out of Egypt have I called my son." They were poor, humble, ignorant people,—albeit the blood of kings burned in their veins. They were ragged and unkempt and black. Long years they had plodded faithfully to earn their daily bread in sweat and pain; then one night, beneath the stars, came Three Strangers, crying: "Where is He that is Born?" The mother lifted Him up tenderly and they gave him gifts,—Candy and a Fairy-tale and a piece of Gold. Joseph and Mary looked at the gold-piece in amazement. Never had they seen so much money before, and as they looked they dreamed. Egypt! the Land of Freedom; Egypt! the Haven of the Oppressed; Egypt! where there was Learning and Wages and Honor. While here? Here there brooded a Shadow and a Fear. Stealthily they arose by night and took the old lantern and walked and ran t i l l they crossed the river. The dawn found them wet and weary, crouching in the moss-swept underbrush of the swamp; but their faces were set North—that it might be fulfilled which was spoken of the Lord by the prophet,—that the fairy-tale might come true. 59 Mention THE Crisis. THE CRISIS IN FRANCE October 9, 1918. DEAR DR. DU BOIS: The ties of home assume a new meaning to us here in France, and when the guns rumble, as they do continuously, not far off, The Crisis and the many friends whom it brings to mind seem very near and dear. I am now commanding officer of a detached battalion in the zone of the advance, with all the responsibilities of a quasi independent command. M y overlord is miles away, and in this lonely camp in the woods, where there is no "life" outside of work, I am monarch of all I survey. M y old regiment is not far off, and it seems hard to believe that many of my old comrades in it will never see America again. Men from the colored regiments come within my orbit, too, every now and then, and everywhere I hear splendid reports of their labors and fine deeds. The other day I made Sunday afternoon a holiday, and paid my first visit to the largest city in this section. The ride there through country not unlike my own Dutchess was most interesting, and from the top of the last hill I could see the sorely tried city in a semi-circle of the hills which it in part climbed. It has been bombed and bombarded for years, and a large part of the civil population was evacuated last winter. Everywhere I saw signs of its sufferings. I sought out the Faculty of Letters (it is a University city) in the hope of finding some scholar whom I might know. But I found only the old concierge, who told me that there had been no professors, students, or studies since the city was evacuated. She showed me the great hall of the University, and I mounted he rostrum and made my first address in French. M y only audience was the concierge, who complimented me on my eloquence and assured me that I spoke excellent French. But though MAJOR J. E. SPINGARN the French was really very bad, and the audience limited, I delivered m y message in my most resonant voice, which echoed through the empty chamber, sad in its shattered ceiling and its debris covered floor. I began with the thought that one could love France very dearly without speaking perfect French, just as one could love God without speaking the language of the angels. I ended by tipping my audience and leaving the University. A t the corner I bought a paper, and this startling headline stared me in the face: L'ENNEMI DEMANDE L'ARMISTICE. When I reached home (most of the way in the dark without lights) and stood outside m y quarters, the guns seemed as loud as ever, even louder, and I asked myself the oft asked question, "Peace? Peace?" You may say for me to all my friends that colored America has more than justified the hopes of those who OPINION 61 have always believed in it, and more than earned all that we have demanded for it. I take off my hat to the courage and devoted patriotism of black men in this war. Faithfully yours, J. E. Spingarn. The French Republic, Montmorillon, Vienne, August 12, 1918. Office of the Mayor of Montmorillon (Vienne) MY dear General: Yesterday, on returning home, I found your card informing me of your departure, and deeply regret having lost the opportunity of preferring a farewell handshake and of reiterating my regrets at your departure from our city. Personally I shall cherish the happiest recollections of your stay, and the entire population is unanimous in reaching the conclusion that the attitude and behavior of your soldiers has been above reproach. They have earned our high regard by their discipline and their faultless behavior, and have likewise endeared themselves to us by their good nature and kindliness toward all. The residents of Montmorillon are of one accord in saying the best that can be said of them, in regretting their departure, and are not a little surprised that colored troops have shown that they not only equal white troops, but even surpass them. Believe me, my dear General, Sincerely and respectfully yours, G. de Font Reaulx, Assistant Mayor. To the Commanding General, 167th Field Artillery Brigade, L a Courtine, Crouse. TERCENTENARY THE husband of Pocahontas wrote in 1619: "About the last of August came a Dutch man of warre that sold us twenty Negars." From this beginning sprang the present twelve million Americans of Negro descent. Next August will mark the Three Hundredth Anniversary of this vast transplantation of a race, which ranks easily as one of the most significant movements of mankind. Such an event can hardly be "celebrated," for it connoted too much of misery and human sorrow. On the other hand, it is too stern and meaningful a happening to be forgotten. For this reason, a group of thirty-three col-, ored men met in New York, October 19, 1918, at the invitation of a committee appointed by the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People They determined to inaugurate " A Solemn Memorial of the Tercentenary of the Transplantin order, however, to give all sections and interests of the Negro race adequate voice and representation in these plans, this committee set about choosing a Committee of "Three Hundred and More," in whose hands the Memorial wil Committee is now being choosen and will meet in New York early in January, 1919. WAR HISTORY THE National Association for the Advancement of Colored People has appropriated funds and commissioned the Director of Publications and Research to collect the data and compile a history of the Negro in the Great War. Dr. DuBois has invited a number of Negro scholars, soldiers and officials to form an Editorial Board, which will be able to issue an authen 62 THE CRISIS tic, scientific and definitive history of our part in this war. The personnel of this board will be announced later. Meantime, we want the active co-operation of every person who can and will help. We want facts, letters and documents, narratives and clippings. Let us all unite to make the record complete. Correspondence may be directed to this office. THE BALLOT WE hail as prophetic the swansong of Senator Thomas William Hardwick , of Georgia. He entered Congress in 1903, on a platform calling for the repeal of the Fifteenth Amendment. He leaves the Senate in 1919, at the special request of President Wilson, on account of his disloyalty,— not simply to his party leader and his country, but to the foundation principles of democratic government. He said in helping to defeat Woman's Suffrage: "What will be the result, 'when tens of thousands, yes, hundreds of thousands, of Negroes come home from this war with a record of honorable military service? I can conceive that a new agitation may arise as strong and bitter as the agitation for Negro suffrage which swept the North after the Civil war. I can see that this agitation will have a strong basis of right to the minds of people who do not understand the white man's burden as it is borne in the South." That the number of people who are longer willing to view with understanding minds the present suffrage conditions in the South will diminish and dwindle away is the chief and compelling reason back of the loyalty of the Negro race in the war. Now that war is over, we have but one word and one thought—the Ballot. We want that ballot safeguarded by every reasonable and decent limitation, impartially applied; but it can no longer be limited by race and sex. In the great new day of coming Reconstruction we demand: 1. A vote for every adult American who can read and write. 2. Schools where every American child must learn to read and write. After the record of 350,000 black men in the World War, is there any American, black or white, who can oppose this program ? If so, we have but to put to him and Hardwick, in parallel columns, the words of Woodrow Wilson in defense of Woman's Suffrage and our own paraphrase in defense of Negro Suffrage: The President said: Are we alone to ask and take the utmost that our women can give — service and sacrifice of every kind—and still say we do not see what title that gives them to stand by our sides i n the guidance of the affairs of their nation and ours? We have made partners of the women in this war. Shall we admit them only to a partnership of suff er i n g and sacrifice and toil, and not to a partnership of privilege and right? THE CRISIS says: Are we alone to ask and take the utmost that our black fellow citizens can give — service and sacrifice of every kind — and still say we do not see what title that gives them to stand by our sides in the guidance of the affairs of their nation and ours? We have made partners of the Negroes in this war. Shall we admit them only to a partnership of suff e r i n g and sacrifice and toil, and not to a partnership o f privilege and right? STEVE HE was a lank puppy when he came—long, and dull gold on his crinkly hair, furtive and frightened, but his eyes were the eyes of the Crucified Christ. The Girl took h im in and plead for him— fed him when she thought of it and overfed him after she forgot. He was wild with the joy of a home and bounded in shooting leaps across the meadows. The Woman, who was wiser than we and knew that dogs are more than human, looked on h im coldly at first, for she had loved dogs before, and love is a terrible thing. Once he was lost and I and the Girl sought h im as the sun died i n the west, sought him east and west and north—calling and whistling—till at OPINION 63 last he came darting like an arrow out of the unknown dark to leap and fawn upon us and bark triumphantly. Once he was stolen, but after two nights he crept back to us, dirty and bedraggled, with tne accusing rope tied around him. A h ! but we were glad, and to celebrate we bought a collar and set his name brightly upon it. Then of a certain Sunday morning catastrophe threatened us—two Russians stood without the gate and said, "It is our dog," and "Larrabee!" they called and he went, wagging his tail. But the Woman came quietly to the door and said, "Steve!" and he leapt back in joy and wriggled on her and kissed her. Then there was parleying and tales of his beautiful wolf-hound mother and — "But will you take h im ?" asked the Woman, her voice soft with fear. The Russian wife patted him tenderly and said, "No, we go back to Russia, now that Revolution has brought Freedom, and leave him with you, for he loves you and you are kind." So then the Girl left her hiding and her tears and clasped her treasure, and the Russians went back—Great God! to what ? And the dog waxed strong and mighty, golden and beautiful. Men feared his very sight, and his seldom hark was a forest of sound; but he loved the Woman with an endless love—following her every footstep, harkening to her every word, guarding her every movement. The Girl lie liked next; and me he tolerated good-naturedly. To our guests he was studiously polite, with the grave courtesy of the greatly born; to all children he was humble servant—but the Woman was God! Then came the end. After two years of delights, after the wonder of a new home, after a summer by the sounding sea and winters in snows; after great dreamful naps and terrifying forays; after evenings of strange, weird music—after all this came slow steps and pain and the great frightened look of love in his eyes grew more and more wistful as he followed the Woman whither his palsied legs could not go. So they came and took him away and gave him strange medicine to eat, but the light died in his eyes and in mercy they put him to sleep. The Woman wept. He is gone. Last night, meseems, he slept beside the werwolves who guard the angels of the throne of God. At dawn I saw his soul flashing in golden flame across the northern skies; and now at noon behold him, leaping with mighty bounds across the broad-steppes of his fathers. I hear his great voice sounding above the chaos of the beautifulest dream of two centuries, when the Christ of the Bolsheviki cried in God-begotten faith to the boiling, angry, fear-mad waters, "Peace!" and there was no peace. I feel his golden fleece bristl i ng with almighty curses and his fangs dripping blood above the Huns who would destroy, not alone the flesh, but the spirit of a great people. On, Steve, on! rend and tear and kill and die that the sweet, good earth may live again and that Russia may not die. A l l this I see (for I am Seer), but in our deserted home the Girl is silent and the Woman weeps, while I ? Oh, I, always, beneath the hand of fate, write—and write—and write. I AM CONVINCED myself that there is no more evil thing in this present world than Race Prejudice; none at all. I write deliberately—it is the worst single thing in life now. It justifies and holds together more baseness, cruelty and abomination than any other sort of error in the world," H. G. Wells. AT THE TURN OF THE ROAD A Story H elen G. R icks ATthe turn of the road, There'll be luck to share; At the turn of the road, Silver and gold and a dream to spare, And a host of sunny sweet days and fair, And all that you wish for most out there, At the turn of the road. It wasn't Christmas Day, but it was Christmas in the heart of Mr. Jimps. There seemed never a time when there wasn't some sort of a smile on his wholesome brown face. Sometimes it was one of those rightup-from-the-heart smiles; sometimes just one of those sudden-willing smiles,—but always a smile. Many a spring with violets and robins, many a summer with June and summer loveliness; many an autumn with symphonies in gold and brown; many a winter in snowy whiteness had all come and gone; but each had found Mr. Jimps contented in the little hut at the turn of the road. Pedestrians of every type through many years had stopped to talk to this village character as they had passed and always had left him filled with a newer zeal and a keener happiness. Mr. Jimps possessed the great gift of human understanding and in his heart there lived nothing but a love for his fellowmen. There was in his kindly face an expression of his own ideals. The encouragement which he had so generously given to individuals all along the way was never to be measured. On this particular afternoon it was snowing, seemingly with the one thought of preparedness for the Christmas Day, which was only two days distant. The old man sat nodding by an eastern window, pipe between his teeth, glasses tilted perilously on his nose, and an open book on his knee. Finally he aroused himself. "Well, a-noddin' still and a-snowin' still. Fire all low and supper-time. Mr. Jimps, it looks like you had better oust yourself together smartly-soon." Busied with the reflections of the duties before him, he had not seen the stranger approaching the hut (struggling up the snow-covered road), and was a little startled when the rap came. "Howdy, friend. Come in and warm yourself. I'll have a blaze sputtering in a slim few minutes. Are you in a hurry?" "There is no hurry, my friend," was the laconic reply. Commonplaces were exchanged during the simple meal, and the stranger rose to go. "I thank you, Mr. Jimps, for your generous hospitality to me, a stranger. Before leaving you, may I ask you a question?" "As many as you wish, my friend.'' "Why do you always smile?" "Because it is the easiest way, I find." "Perhaps it is better, but how find it easier? I find nothing in all the world worth smiling for." "What? With Christmas coming!—aye, even with Christmas gone!" "Mr. Jimps, I have come to the place where the morning of another day is never welcome." "Sit down, friend. Let me tell you a story." Outside the flakes of snow descended noiselessly. Inside the hut there was a stillness. Tenderly Mr. Jimps laid down his pipe. "There came a day into my life when I not only felt the meaning of your words but lived them. It seems to me that when an unhappiness comes, it comes only after some great happiness has just passed. A month before she had given me her promise of fidelity and love. I had been saving all along with just a hope,—saving for the little home our dreams had built. Young we were and happy. She was a womanwonderful. man. I remember the night of her promise. There were cornflowers,—cornflowers of an unforgetable spring. We do not know what love is,—we know it just is. But the story! "I had just finished high school two years before and had been doing all kinds of jobs in the little town, earning the dollars required to pay for the little farm where we were both to be just happy. One particular job was that of janitor in the largest bank. My mother and I lived alone. Returning one night from work I entered my home where officers of the law stood waiting to 64 AT THE TURN OF THE ROAD 65 arrest me. Seven hundred dollars had been stolen from the bank. I was accused. Our home had been searched. My saving budget contained just two hundred dollars. The sentence was fifteen years. During that time my mother died, and the girl—her heart broke first and then she passed away. That was fifty years ago, my friend. "For years I wandered only with a bitterness burning in my heart,—a bitterness toward man and his injustice. With all the heart-break, there never came a bitterness toward God. Still when birds sang, their songs seemed a mockery to me. The most beautiful of melodies seemed just like little lost tunes too tired to die. Even the sunshine hurt. I hated everything. My life seemed useless,—as useless as a Jimpson weed; so I called myself plain Mr. Jimps. "Then twenty years after my Shadow, sick and heart-sore, I came to a stranger's cabin,—just as you have come to mine. It was two days before Christmas, and, yes,—it was snowing. While we were sitting there a gust of wind blew open the door and blew in the tiniest sprite of a lad, all snow covered, all smiles. 'Hey, Grandpa. It's a booster out there for sure, but I got your tobacco and the other stuff.' And then he noticed me and removed his cap. 'Evenin', sir.' I nodded and spoke to the child in my usual tone. 'Pardon me, mister, but didn't you forget to smile?' " Mr. Jimps wiped a tear from the corner of his eye, rememberingly. "Friend, from that hour on I have been always smiling. Why not? There were more heart breaks than my own. After all, it was a love-world; and there could come a peace from simply mending hearts. The friendly comfort of that old man and the radiant cheer from that child-heart, untouched, warmed the littleness of my own worn heart. "After leaving the shelter of that home I wandered through the snow until I came to this poor hut on Christmas Day. From that day until this have I lived here, my friend—here at the turn of the road. My little garden furnishes my living and my friends of the wayside, who come, furnish me my pleasures. People have wondered how life could slip by me, leaving of its joys and sorrows scarcely a trace. It has been because I have been happy in trying to be happy in smiling at the shadows and the sunshine both. And so each day I sit here waiting patiently for the Joy I feel shall come someday to me—at the turn of the road." The guest of the roadside hut rose falteringly. "Mr both a salvation and a happiness. Someday I shall return." The stranger smiled his farewell from the door as he trudged on his way. Christmas morning came in a flurry of snowflakes. Mr. Jimps after clearing away the breakfast dishes spread out the numerous parcels, ribbon-wrapped and otherwise, that had come the day before. Few of his wayside acquaintances and friends from the village had forgotten his roadside cordiality. His old heart was indeed cheered as he viewed these tokens of appreciation. The last package unopened lay at the end of the table. It was a copy of Henry Van Dyke's story of "The Other Wise Man." On the flyleaf was this inscription: "To him, who in his kindly way opened forever the heart of a stranger of yesterday." Mr. Jimps smiled understandingly as he turned the pages. A few hours later he looked up from his new book and through the eastern window. A figure was plodding faithfully through the snow. The old man opened the door and looked out. "Hey! over there," called a fresh young voice. "The turn of this old road has got me fussed some more! Know any old guy around here by the name of Jimps?" "This is the offender. How best can I serve you, this Merry Christmas?" "Merry Christmas, yourself—here's a 'special.' I've been tracking around here an hour or two. Oh, no, thanks—must be moving on." The envelope slid to the floor as Mr. Jimps held shakingly the letter from the old attorney's son. Chelsea, Virginia, December 17, 1916. James Avery— Dear Friend:— For ten years we have sought vainly to locate you. The thief of fifty years ago confessed, exonerating you entirely. In the Citizens Savings Bank ten thousand dollars is accredited to your name,—a gift from the stockholders and the townspeople. This is not an effort to make amends—no amends can be made. THE CRISIS We beg you to return to your home and honor its citizens. Very truly yours, HOWARD KILTHROP, JR. Mr. Jimps sat down before the fire. Two tears fell , one on the wrinkled brown hand, and one on the crumpled white linen sheet. Tenderly he smoothed out the letter and smiled. " Fifty years! but it came—at the turn of the road." A NEGRO WOMAN TO HER ADOPTED SOLDIER BOY FLORENCE LEWIS BENTLEY My dear Soldier: THE post-card t e l l i n g of your safe arr i v a l on the other side came to me this morning, and the great relief which I feel measures the anxiety I had concerni n g your safe transfer. A friend said to me, " I f the welfare of this boy whom you have never seen effects you so greatly, how would it be if he were your real son?" When I answered that I could not feel more keenly i f you were, i n fact, the child of my body, of course, there were arguments to show I was mistaken. But you and I can afford to smile at such misapprehension. We, who have established a real kinship of the spirit—whose souls have met in an union which transcends that of flesh and blood—we, two have a sweet knowledge not shared by many. Since our correspondence I have clearly realized that the travail of the body is not the keenest experience i n producing life. The awakening of a young soul far transcends the material quickening so dear to the material mother. And I have seen your soul take life. This is our sweet secret now—but one of these days all men will know that spirit, not matter, is the true substance, and this very war, of which you are a part, is going to help along that day of clear vision. Such is my hope. Our friend, on the very day of her ret u r n from Newport News, brought to me your last letter. You were very right not to send it by mail because, of course, much would have been censored. I am very sorry that you had not left the country before you had heard of that terrible lynching, and of that humiliating order to the soldiers, in a western camp, to submit tamely to personal insult, from which the uniform of their country was powerless to protect them. You would be h a l f a man i f you did not feel the infamy of it a l l — i f you did not feel the need to renew your grip upon your loyalty so sharply assailed by such dire happenings. Now, my dear, dear boy, we have been a l l over this ground—have we not? And we have tried to place these American atrocities i n their true relation to the Great World Upheaval. You say you read my letters all over again in order to quiet your thought and get a hold on yourself. I feel grateful for that. I send this one to emphasize all I have said, and to which you have assented. You do not "go over seas to risk your life i n the defence of a country which crucifies your brothers and denies you the ordinary rights of citizenship." You go to help to protect from disaster the Idea for which this country stands—that Idea which, though maltreated and defaced by imperfect men, must ultimately be made manifest in a l l its glorious reality as Universal Freedom. Men call it Democracy, but it is really the Kingdom of Brotherhood whose basic law is Love. Get away from personality as much as possible. Don't look on yourself merely as a Negro soldier, but see yourself a factor in a Magnificent Emprise, than which this old world has never known a greater. Enlarge the units of your thought. Cease thinking in persons, in races, i n cities and countries. Think in worlds. Then you get hold of the Principle which underlies all this upheaval, and whose control reaches f r om little you and me up to the skies. It is only by seeing largely that you can act greatly. After much thought I have come to the conclusion that the Negro soldier of America is the most heroic figure in this whole WE WHO ARE  DARK 67 war. He must be super-man, for the endurance of mere man has a human limit. There are Negroes from other parts of the world doing tremendous things in Europe, and they with their white comrades are spurred on and strengthened by the adm i r a t i o n and loyal affection of their respective countrymen. It seems that the American Negro Soldier alone must do without this warm stimulus of a country's undivided love. He must cut his way through to attainment, leaning on nothing but a sense of duty, the passionate loyalty of his own little race group, and a reliance on God. He gives magnificently and receives what seems a reluctant dole. Well, dear son, let us face that stern fact, for we know that out of such stuff God makes his Great Ones, and we also know that in the inevitable summing up of things that same impartial God bestows rewards—and also punishment. Let me repeat what I have so often written , my dear soldier. Your courage and strength are unassailable as long as you keep your Vision. Heads up and eyes straight forward is required spiritually as well as physically in a true soldier. Let no happening distract you from the great thing to which you are called. When you have wiped out error in one shape, other forms of it w i l l fade away. Such is the contagion of Good. Try to make those friends of yours get this higher view and you w i l l be helping them to a greater happiness and a higher manhood Because you wanted it, I am sorry that I had no photograph to send you before you left, but after all "the painted semblance" is no loss, dear, if you carry my spirit with you. Etch upon your heart, my dear soldier, the ideas, the hopes, the aspirations and—yes—the warm love I have tried to convey to you, and you will have a picture of the real me which no accident of war or any other thing can ever take from you. We will meet some happy day, we both believe, but i f you are to make the supreme sacrifice you will always live for me in your beautiful spiritual Reality. I will see you always as the gallant, brave, devoted soul who went—not because of draft or other compulsion—but willingly, knowingly and joyously to help free the world from Error . I will remember that in so doing he laid down his dear life, to rescue even those who "despitefully used h im and persecuted" him. "Greater love hath no man than this," and in this way, dear son of my heart, you would be following the Great Example. I kiss your cheek, Faithfully , MOTHER . WE WHO ARE DARK CLARA BURRILL BRUCE WE who are dark And know the lash On bodies worn, Insensate made Through years of wrong; That feel no more The scourge, the whip— We who are dark And know the hurt Of pitiless scorn On souls that live And feel the dart And thrust of wrong; The greedy glance Of sinful lust;— We who are dark And know the urge Of blinding rage And fury red. That eats and burns; The ache of hands Pressed on by hearts On vengeance bent— We've won your praise That side by side With those who taught Us all our woes We bravely march Nor backward glance. Not hesitant, Nor slow, but with Quickening tread Old wrongs, old sores Forgotten lie; Brothers-in-arms, As we march forth To Victory, Bearing aloft To foreign lands A freedom sweet That's not our own. A NATIONAL HYMN We present by gracious permission of the publishers the words of Katherine Lee Bates, set to music by our own Negro composer, R. Nathaniel Dett. AMERICA THE BEAUTIFUL Katherine Lee Bates O beautiful for spacious skies (by permission) R.Nathaniel Dett Con spirito 1. 0 beau-ti-ful for spa-cious skies, For am-ber waves of. 2.0 beau - ti - ful for pil - grim feet Whose stern im-passioned 3. 0 beau - ti - ful for glo-rious tale Of lib - er - at - ing 4 .0 beau - ti - ful for pa - triot's dream That sees be-yond the grain, For pur-pie mbun-tain ma-jee - ties A - bove the fruit-ed stress A thorough-fare for freedom beat A - cross the wil-derstrife When val-iant-ly for man's a - vail Men lav-ished precious years Thine air a^-bast - er ci-ties gleam Un-dimmed by hu-man plain'! A - mer-i-ca! A - mer-T-ca! God shed his grace on thee, And ness! A-mer-i-ca ! A - mer-i-ca! God mend thine ev -'ry flaw Con-life. A - mer-i-ca! A - mer-i-ca! May God thy gold re-fine Till tears! A - mer-i-ca! A - mer-i-ca! God shed his grace on thee And crown thy good with broth-er-hood, From sea to shin-ing sea. firm thy soul in self con-trol Thy li - ber - ty in law. all suc-cess be no - ble-ness And . ev - 'ry gain di - vine, crown thy good with broth-er-hood From sea to shin - ing sea. Copyright, 1918, by J.Fischer and; Bro. British Copyright Secured 68 National  Association  for  the Advancement of Colored-People. A DAY'S WORK AT THE NA TIONAL OFFICE ROUTINE is often, if not always, tire some. It is much more stimulating to be able to escape the details of how it was done and to confine one's self to the results accomplished. But some one must attend to the details. Many well meant ef forts fall by the wayside because details are neglected. The National Office of the N. A. A. C. P., dealing as it does with the affairs of a movement embracing now more than 150 branches, has its full share of detailed work which it would be burdensome to relate and perhaps uninteresting to read. There are the daily receipts of membership fees and Crisis subscriptions which must te entered in the books and proper receipts sent to the new members and subscribers. Cards must be made and filed in the proper alphabetical order by cities and states. It may be remarked in passing that there is no routine job which the National Office is more willing to undertake than the acknowledgment of membership fees and Crisis subscriptions. Then there are reports and inquiries from the branches, clippings and newspapers to be read for information as to happenings the country over which affect the Association's work and the interests of colored people, requests for information from many sources, including the ubiquitous high school or college student who has an essay to write and inquires for the answer by return mail to a. query about the work being done for the Negro in some particular field or for literature. Such inquiries, by the way, are particularly welcome, as the National Office wishes to increase the number of those who are curious about the concerns of colored people. With gratifying regularity these days there come inquiries from the most remote corners of the country concerning the steps to be taken for the organization of a branch of the Association. Or the information is received that the citizens (practically always colored citizens) of a certain locality have met and formed an organization which they wish to become a branch of the N. A. A. C. P. Perhaps Crisis readers may find it interesting to read a summary of a day's work at the National Office. The Secretary has selected an actual day's happening, taking for the purpose a day towards the end of October, a day or two before this was written. A slight editorial license has been availed of in that not all the matters treated were actually completed on the day on which they were placed on the Secretary's calendar. On the day before The Day, copies of Memphis, Tenn., papers of the twenty-fourth had been received from the Memphis branch. These papers contained an advertisement of the Memphis War Work Committee from which, and from what was said by the branch representative, it appeared that there was an intention to pass an ordinance ap plying compulsory work laws to women. The advertisement was headed "WARNING " and was a mixture of threat and appeal. It gave the impression that the city government "was passing" an ordinance by the terms of which all ablebodied persons between the ages of eighteen and sixty would be forced to work for an employer six days a week and to have constantly in his or her possession a work card certifying to their employment. Press stories of the same papers told of colored women being employed in delivering coal, as bootblacks in barber shops and in similar employments. Night telegrams had been sent to the Committee, to the Mayor of Memphis and to the Secretary of Labor at Washington in regard to the matter. Copies of our telegrams, which protested against forced labor of women and against discriminatory application of such ordinances to colored women, had been telegraphed to the Associated Press Representative at Memphis 69 70 THE CRISIS in order to secure local publicity. It seems at this writing that following a not unusual custom among certain southern papers no publicity was given to our telegrams nor the fact that they had been received, mentioned. An editorial i n one paper was evidently called forth by their receipt, however. On the day we have chosen to illustrate our office activities, press copy was prepared and mailed to a portion of our general mailing list. During the day a teleg ram was received from the Secretary of the Memphis W a r Work Committee stating that the Committee was working i n harmony with local and federal authorities and with the approval of whites and Negroes, that its campaign was primarily against the loafer and was not discriminatory. A second telegram to the Committee was thereupon dispatched in which the Association said that " i t was in accord with any campaign against the loafer, but points out that a campaign to induce women to accept such work as will enable men to engage in essential industry is an altogether different thing from a campaign to force the conscription of female labor; and that i f good wages and good working conditions are offered for women's labor, we are certain that they w i l l respond in such employments as are suitable for women, as are not humiliating and as are within their strength" and urged the Committee to set its face against the conscription of women. ( For completeness of our story we must anticipate a day or two to tell of the receipt of a letter from the Mayor assuring us that "no ordinance providing for wTork cards for women, white or colored, had been passed or was contemplated at this time.") The day's mail brought a clipping from Florida , headed "Tampa Negro Women Living in Idleness; Work or be Jailed ." Our correspondent explained that an investigation which he had made, through agents, disclosed the fact that some colored women who work " in service" had asked their employers for a raise of pay. Bei n g denied it, they had quit their employment; whereupon they were the subjects cf police action at the instigation of the employers. During the day a letter was prepared to send to the President expressing the Association's concern lest, owing to a dereliction of duty on the part of any election commissions, colored soldiers in the traini ng camps might be denied their right of franchise. This letter was sent the next day to President Wilson and has been acknowledged (October 31) by the President's secretary. A press story releasing the letter to the press a full day after the President would have received it was sent out to the press services, to forty-five daily papers within a radius of one day's maili ng distance and to our regular colored press correspondents. Previous to communicating by mail with the President the Secretary had spent a day in Washington, interviewing officials of the War Department regarding the procedure of voting at the training camps. The partcular point of the Secretary's conferences with War Department officials, at which Archibald H . Grimke, of our Washington Branch, was present, was to see what assurances, i f any, could be obtained that colored men, eligible to vote, would be afforded that opportunity. The Secr etary of War had caused a general order to be issued providing for the arrangements spoken of in the letter to the President, but was inclined to accept our suggestion that a second general order be issued requiring camp commandants to report to the Department which State Commissions appeared at the camps to canvass the votes of their citizen soldiers, upon what dates and the units voting. He said that he would welcome any complaints that were brought to his attention, if we had any to offer after the event. Next came a complaint of our Columbus, Ohio, Branch, accompanied by an affidavit from a colored t r a i n e d nurse that she had responded immediately to an urgent appeal in the press for trained nurses to care for sick soldiers at Camp Sherman, going at night, and had been told that colored nurses were not wanted. The appeal for nurses read, "Don't stop to telephone or write, but get on the next t r a i n and report immediately at the base hospital at Camp Sherman." Eighty-eight deaths had been reported the day previously and appeals had been made for nurses to several Ohio cities, as f a r removed as Cleveland. After - N. A. A. C. P. 71 the colored nurse had been told that no more nurses were needed, she came back to the Superintendent's office and saw be tween twenty and thirty white nurses ac cepted; whereupon she was told the truth, showing apparently that the matter of se curing competent nurses was to be subordi nated to the maintenance of a social con vention. A letter from a mail carrier telling of the murder of a colored man and that he feared no adequate effort would be made to locate the murderer was the next item on the list of the day's happenings. This was referred to the local branch in the city concerned for immediate investigation. Then our eyes lighted on a letter from an organization of colored people, in a town where the Association has no branch, tell ing of the fight this local group had been making to abolish the only segregated school remaining in that state and asking for financial assistance to continue the case in the courts. This was replied to promptly and appropriate action taken. A report was received from the American Red Cross at Washington, in regard to a complaint of Pocatello, Idaho, colored people that colored soldiers had been refused service by local Red Cross workers at that place, in which an explanation was made by a local investigating committee appointed by the State Council of Defense. The complaint had been made sometime ago and there had already been considerable correspondence about it. Then four letters were received from soldiers, speaking of objectionable conditions in three army camps. The complaints referred to the actions of white southern officers and soldiers toward the colored men. Such complaints, if they seem to be serious or to warrant such action, are usually sent to the War Department, which as a rule gives a sympathetic hearing to them. The Kentucky Illiteracy Commission sent a copy of a law passed in that state providing for a census of illiterates and about which we had inquired. Two inmates of  federal prisons wrote to enlist the Association's interest in their cases of these cases, many of which are received, the petitioners alleged that their difficulty was either due to, or accentuated by, their race. A t this point the press clippings sent in by our clipping service appeared and were looked over. One of them told of action taken by the Toledo Branch to expose a colored swindler. One hundred dollars was paid, the clipping read, to a lawyer to fight the case. Another told of a protest made by the Dayton, Ohio, Branch. Ohio was at the front in this day's happenings. Then came a letter to the Secretary from a prominent social welfare worker outlining a plan which had been previously discussed in conference and which was sent for criticism before its presentation on behalf of the leading national social and public welfare organizations and workers as the tentative working basis for securing common action on a reconstruction social welfare program of national scope. This was glanced through and put aside for more mature consideration. Next was put on the Secretary's desk a letter sent by a division of the Navy Department him in so many words that colored carpenters could not be employed by the Navy Department. Frankness is commendable. In so many cases we are "camouflaged." This one said what it meant and we assume meant what it said. (Two months ago the Secretary wrote to the Secretary of the Navy inquiring whether it was the intention to refuse to consider the applications of competent colored women for office work for which the Department was making urgent appeals to qualified persons to apply. No reply was received to our inquiry.) A t this point the Secretary inserts an extract from a letter received fromPresident The main theme of Mr. Storey's letter was his desire that more branches be organized in the New England States, that we should be able to organize branches in Wisconsin, that it would be desirable to do all we can to increase our white membership. The part to be quoted is: "Our effort should be by combined membership (of white and colored people) to make our movement a movement for the rights of American citizens, and not purely the intent to help one race. I think the situation is improving, and in nothing more than the growing self-confidence of the colored people, and their 72 THE CRISIS willingness to assert their own rights. They are creating a body whose opinions cannot be disregarded and whose votes are sought." Great Scott! Here comes a boy with proof of the November Branch Bulletin which ought to be looked over. It was shuffled off to the outer office to be read over with care for accuracy by one of the clerical staff, then to be returned to the Secretary for a final reading, which always results i n more work for the printer. Then some attention, according to the memoranda on the Secretary's desk, should be given to putting lynching data in shape for a special purpose, an important purpose, too, which if our hopes eventuate, will be disclosed later. Here is a copy of an objectionable "popular song," entitled "Nigger War Brides" sent in by the Columbus, Ohio, Branch Secretary. This is looked over, mental memorandum made as to the course to pursue, but left for another day. Mrs. Mary B. Talbert, who started out to boom the Fourth Liberty Loan (the Association had agreed to pay the expenses of colored women up to a total of $1,000 to tour the Southern States), and was delayed in Louisiana, had written regardi n g plans to tour the state of Texas in the interests of the N. A . A . C. P. as soon as the influenza epidemic permitted meetings. Her letter contained much interesting matter and was answered by the Field Secretary. Instructions were given to send literature to Texas cities for Mrs. Talbert's meetings. Not to be omitted or overlooked are the letters that come to us from the " Feller That Needs a Friend , " to borrow the phrase of a popular cartoonist. Such letters come, sometimes in choice English , often in the labored hand-writing of one who finds it hard to deal with so small an implement as pen or pencil, from men and women who look to the N. A. A. C. P . , for advice, protection and defense against injustice. One of these awaits attention from a man who complained that he, a hard working and honest member of the community had been arrested as a "vagrant," accused of bei n g an idler, whereas the contrary was the fact. Finally , there are instructions to be given about important details of an investigat i on now under way by one of our staff, who wired from a distant point about developments concerning which he wished advice and instructions. A telegram, followed by a longer message by letter, was dispatched and the day's work was done. As the office staff closed their desks there remained regrets that the day was not longer or the workers more numerous. A CORRECTION AND AN APOLOGY IN the November CRISIS the Secretary inadvertently credited Francis G. Peabody with the first contribution of $1,000 to the Association's Anti - Lynching Fund, whereas the generous donor and good friend was Philip G. Peabody. BALLADE TO PAUL LAURENCE DUNBAR LUCIAN B . WATKINS WE would not call you, Dunbar, from your rest. For you were weary when you softly sang The lullaby that soothed your love-sweet breast, And o'er the raptured world divinely rang, Amid the storms of Life's tumultuous clang, Of battle-thunders in the fateful Night That hide the smiles of Heaven from our sight ;— Lo, while you sleep the sleep of Paradise, We seek the blessed morning and its light, " Ere sleep comes down to soothe the weary eyes!" ENVOY Ah , Poet Paul ! You sang and all is right! We feel our souls expanding for the flight— Lord, help us breathe to Thee a prayer and rise And touch Thy Truth Eternal on the Height, " Ere sleep comes down to soothe the weary eyes!" Men of theMonth. GEORG EFRANKLIN COLLIN S was born in St. Louis, Mo., in 1876; he died in the District of Columbia, in 1018. He was educated in the public schools and at theHoward Law School. He practiced law in the District of Columbia, and became Secretary and Treasurer of the Howar d . University Law School. Mr. Collins was the methodical and dependable secre THE LATE G. F. COLLINS tary type and he held many such positions on account of his conscientious and exact work. He had served as Commissioner of Deeds in New Jersey, a delegate to theNationalRepublica of Columbia, and of the Odd Fellows. He leaves a mother, a widow and an infant son. In Atlanta's Service Flag Parade, composed of white and colored divisions, marched Isaac Simms, a Negro, seventy-eight years old, with Service Flags of eleven stars. 73 74 The Crisis Bishop Demby. THE CONSECRATION OF BISHOP E. T. DEMBY AT ALL SAINTS CHURCH, ST. LOUIS MEN OF THE MONTH 75 THE Episcopal Church received the first American Negroes into its bosom and formed the first Missionary Society to work among them; but as slavery grew its ardor slackened and it was only too willing to yield place to Methodists and Baptists. As a result its colored membership has grown but slowly since freedom, and few of the white Bishops cared. The colored clergy protested and, finally, their protest bore fruit . On September 29, 1918, Edward Thomas Demby, a black man, was consecrated Bishop Suffragan of Arkansas and the Southwest at A l l Saint's Episcopal Church, St. Louis, Mo. This marks an epoch. Bishop Demby was born in Delaware, in 1869, and was educated at Lincoln, Howard and Wilberforce. He was ordained Priest in 1899, and has served in Kansas City, K e y West and Memphis. In 1912, he became Archdeacon i n the Diocese of Tennessee. Geraldine Pindell Trotter is dead at the age of forty-six. She was a helpmeet in the finest sense of the word. She had the singular ability and will to throw her whole soul into a cause, with no backward look, no limit of sacrifice. Physically she was always frail and but slightly identified in blood with "her race"—both her parents having but the slightest tinge of Negro blood. But "race" is not blood—it is education and environment, and from her youth she was loyal. I remember her as a shy slip of a girl at dancing class, when together we mastered the intricacies of the then new " Berlin . " Afterward she became bookkeeper in a crockery store, always punct ual and accurate, yet feeling for a better destiny, a larger sacrifice. Finally she married William Monroe Trotter and at once made his cause, his beliefs, his triumphs and defeats one with her inmost soul. She never hesitated or wavered and she yielded every little temptation of home and dress and company and leisure for the narrow office and late hours and public life ; yet through it all she shone clear and fine, and died as one whom death cannot conquer. A well-known college president is Ralph W. McGranahan, a white man born in Pennsylvania, in 1862, who became President of Knoxville College, Tennessee, in 1899. This college is supported by the United Presbyterians for Colored Youth and has done most excellent work. On the retirement of Dr. Witherspoon, Mr . McGranahan has been given oversight of the entire educational work of this church among Negroes. R. W. McGRANAHAN THE LATE MBS. G. P. TROTTER THE Looking Glass LITERATURE JOSEPH S. COTTER in his book, "The " Band of Gideon": A seething world is gone stark mad; And is drunk with the blood, Gorged with the flesh, Blinded with the ashes Of her millions of dead. From out it all and over all There stands, years old and fully grown, A monster in the guise of man. And war itself is merciful When measured by his deeds. Beneath the Crescent Lie a people maimed; Their only sin— That they worship God. On Russia's steppes Is a race in tears; Their one offense— That they would be themselves. On Flanders plains Is a nation raped; A bleeding gift Of "Kultur's" conquering creed. And in every land Are black folk scourged; Their only crime— That they dare be men. Mr. Cotter's slender volume, "The Band of Gideon," shows poetic promise. There is a certain delicate immaturity about many of the rhymed verses quite in keeping with the writer's youth—he is but twenty-two— and his by no means vigorous health. But the poems in vers libre and the title poem are strong and forceful, and make possible the assertion that this young man has decidedly the gift of poesy. He deserves encouragement and we hope to see much more from his pen. The book which has an introduction by Cole Young Rice is very tasteful in appearance and is published by the Cornhill Company. It may be had of The Crisis. The price is one dollar, plus postage. * * * We are in receipt of "Child Welfare in Oklahoma," published by the National Child Labor Committee; also "The Black Man's Part in the War" by Sir Harry H. Johnston and " A Century of Negro Migration" by Dr. Carter Godwin Woodson. A review of these books will appear in a later issue. * * * Recent treatment of the Negro in per iodicals : Present Needs of the Negro. Review of Reviews. Aug., '18. Negro Welfare Workers in Pittsburgh. Survey, Aug. 3, '18. Southern "Nigger" in Northwest Wood pile. F. W. Vincent, Sunset Magazine. Aug., '18. Negro In Relation to Our Public Agencies and * * * No finer word has been written by way of appreciation for Negro folk-song than that with which Mrs. Natalie Curtis-Burlin offers "to Soldiers, Sailors and Singers " her "Hymn of Freedom," for sextet or chorus of mixed voices, just published by Schirmer. With the possible exception of Harry T. Burleigh's "Deep River," no more interesting musical use has been made of any of the Negro Spirituals than the treatment which Mrs. Burlin here gives to the familiar slave song, "O Ride on, Jesus." Mrs. Burlin says in her foreword: The idea of a conquering power of righteousness riding on through the world, and the triumphant ring of the music with its clarion-call, seemed to me to offer an in-' spiring theme on which to build an American battle-song embodying the ideals for which America entered the war. Since with unhesitating alacrity, we have paraphrased lighter forms of Negro music in the popular- songs sung by the troops— the all-prevalent "rag-time" which the war has spread far and wide—is it not equally appropriate that the nobler music of the Negro, the prayerful Spirituals should form the basis of a battle-hymn in this war wherein the black man, side by side with the white man, fights for the larger liberty of humanity? In this Hymn I have closely followed the original Negro song, even in the simple and somewhat crude harmonies and progressions of the different voices. For this music sprang from men who best know how to value freedom, and I feel that their songs, as well as their lives, are their immortal gifts to Freedom's cause. Music, history, world politics! What next will Mrs. Burlin do with Negro folksong? 76 THE LOOKING Mary White Ovington, writing in the Survey of Ulrich B. Phillips' "American Slavery," says in part: The book is written in a spirit tolerant to the institution of chattel slavery, and yet so accurate and painstaking an historian is Mr. Phillips that one cannot lay it down without a feeling akin to nausea. For there are whole chapters concerned with the economics of the system, with kidnapping in Africa, with the breeding of slave stock in this country, and with the domestic slave trade of the nineteenth century. The relation of the price of a young unskilled, able-bodied slave to the price of cotton in New York is depicted on a graphic chart, and one sees flesh and blood moving with cotton, worth $1,100 a head in 1819, sinking to $700 a head in 1823, to rise to $1,300 in 1837. As capital moved south and west so the slave moved, and the trade was a busy one. Viewed from the business side, the slave took his place with other live stock, and no picture of stable plantation life can remove this inhuman aspect of the system. One wishes in closing the volume that unless the descendant of the slave writes an exhaustive book from his standpoint, this might be the last word on the subject. It is a disgraceful page in American history, one that the whole country, the slave-trading North and the slave-holding South, must be glad to forget. CHURCH AND ARMY COLORE D men are at last being raised to the episcopate. The Churchman says: On Michaelmas the Ven. Edward Thomas Demby, D.D., was consecrated Suffragan Bishop of Arkansas. St. Luke's Day is set for the consecration of the Ven. Henry Beard Delany, D.D., as Suffragan Bishop of North Carolina. Thus in less than a month two Negro bishops will be at work among their people in dioceses which have always been known as strong centres of Negro work. This is not the first time a Negro has sat in the American House of Bishops. No one who has been present at a General Convention in recent years can forget the venerable Bishop of Liberia, the Rt. Rev. Dr. Ferguson, who from 1885 to 1916 was chief pastor of the missionary district in the Negro republic. Bishop Holly, consecrated by American bishops in Grace Church, New York City, in 1874. was never a member of our House of Bishops, but like Bishop Seabury and his companions was consecrated by a sister church for the Protestant Episcopal Church in the Republic of Haiti. The consecration of Archdeacon Demby and Archdeacon Delany, however, is the first instance in which an American Negro GLASS 77 has been raised to the episcopate. As archdeacon for colored work in Tennessee Dr. Demby has proved his ability to fill this high office. Archdeacon Delany has been closely associated with St. Augustine's School, Raleigh, and for some years has been archdeacon for colored work in the Diocese of North Carolina. Two men of more eminent fitness it would have been hard to find. Their consecration marks a forward step that many of us have for a long time been eager to see taken. * * * Colonel Franklin A. Denison, ranking colored officer, commanding the 370th Infantry in France, formerly the Eighth Illinois, is now convalescing in this country. The New York Evening Post comments: He has the distinction of being Colonel of the only Negro regiment officered entirely by soldiers of that race. Colonel Denison, who is the active list in the American army, said this week it was no military secret to announce that his organization was the first American regiment stationed in the St. Mihiel sector; that his regiment was one of three that occupied a sector at Verdun when a penetration there by the German army would have been disastrous to the Allied cause; and that his regiment went direct from the training camp to the firing line. The Eighth Illinois was organized in 1890 and took part in Cuba during the war with Spain. Some of its members saw service in the Philippines and in Mexico, and by its achievements on the battlefields of France has been called by the- Germans the "American Black Devil Dogs." REACTIONARY POLITICS THE recent attitude of the southernsenators has been marked by an attempt to revive racial agitation. The Pittsburgh, Pa., Dispatch prejudice lay back of these old-line reac tionists and points out the real crisis of the matter. The new political status of the re turned Negro soldier plus the enfranchise ment of thousands of Negro women presents to the white Southerner a terrifying prob lem. The Dispatch says: Thus the war and the suffrage issue are reviving and intensifying southern opposition to the Negro vote. Yet the South will be surprised and pained if the returning Negro soldiers, having experienced freedom from southern prejudice, should conclude not to return to Dixie. What would be the effect if they should join the northern trek, which has been evoking such 7S THE CRISIS appeals from the South for the Negroes not to desert their old friends? * * * Such an attitude as that of the southern senators gets its real significance from the fact that it emphasizes the passing of a regime. The New York Evening Sun points out that the question of slavery as a motivating factor in southern politics belongs to the past: One of the classic speeches of the Senate was delivered during the recent debate on the revenue bill. Because the class of persons who could make that sort of speech is passing, it is probable that it will be the last oratorical utterance of its kind, and as such probably will have historical significance in the future. The speech was made by Senator John Sharp Williams of Mississippi in support of his amendment to the suffrage resolution limiting suffrage to white women. It was in all respects just such a speech as might have been heard in the Senate in the old slavery days, but it is the kind that will be heard no more, because the men who knew the old South, who knew the slave question, are passing and the coming generation knows nothing of these things. * * * Alexander Fishman, writing in the New York Evening Globe, parallels the sentiments expressed by the South with those expressed once for the disenfranchisement of Jews: With thousands of Negroes in the trenches, fighting on the frontier of freedom, it occurs to me that it is little short of treason, even for a senator hiding in the sanctuary of the Senate, to give voice to utterances such as those made by Senator James K . Vardaman of Mississippi. The German propagandists would have difficulty in finding more suitable material for spreading the belief among our colored population that we are not fighting for democracy than the speech delivered by this reactionary politician, who fortunately will not longer disgrace the Senate by being listed as one of its members. * * * Such sentiments present themselves with peculiar interest to the Jewish people, who, now at the dawn of a new era of social and political equality all over the world, can look back to the time when similar arguments were made by narrow-minded bigots in the different parliaments of Europe, for the disenfranchisement of mine own people. But today, thank God, the times are different. THE COMMON BURDEN IGNORANCE and lack of sympathy are — at the root of race prejudice. Until the one is removed and the other awakened, there can be no real improvement.Development by the white than by the black man. J. L. Kesler says in the American City: The Negro problem, public or private, industrial or institutional, is a human problem. Until we face the issue as human in its human relations; until we think of all citizens as human beings with human rights, human interests and human possibilities; until we insist upon equality of opportunity, economic, industrial, educational, equality before the law, equal sanitary provision, equal protection of person and property; until we become conscious of a common brotherhood and cease to exploit the weak and to treat them as chattels and property; until we put democracy into our own life as we speed its splendid hope to the world—we are not even in sight of a solution, and futility faces our tasks of reform. It is not simply a Negro problem; it is also a Caucasian problem. It is not simply the "white man's burden;" it is also the black man's burden. It is a problem of both races. Its solution means mutual understandings and readjustments. It means mutually a more generous sympathy and respect, without which there can be no common standing ground. This new attitude must not only be intellectually allowed by the white people; it must be consciously felt and communicated, so that a new atmosphere of dignity and freedom and possibility shall meet and strengthen the aspiration of the Negro race and superinduce a conscious self-respect and hope. By some such means alone may the perils of two segregated races with mutual interrelations, living in the same territory, be reduced to a minimum. . . . What he (the Negro) loathes and detests is the constant reminder that he is inferior, that anything is good enough for a "nigger;" that sanitation and sewerage and police protection and paved streets and parks are not necessary for him; that moral leprosy and segregated vice may preempt territory in his community and be immune to civic interest and disturbance; that he is discriminated against not on account of merit but on account of color; that his wife or his daughter, if they are beautiful—and some of them are—are not safe from insult on account of the lack of racial respect and honor. Mr. Kesler feels that the rights of man regardless of race or color must be recognized. And white Americans must acknowl THE LOOKING GLASS edge and rectify the awful abuses of legislation and lynch law. * * * Respect! Here is the solution—interracial respect. For lack of it both races are in peril. Moral safety demands a deep and abiding respect for personality, interracial and among all intergraded social levels, if we are to escape the moral backwash between races and classes of society. Here we need a broader and deeper democracy. We may be separate as races or classes, but one as human beings and citizens. This conscious democracy of the rights of mankind, as human beings, is fundamental and final. * * * We must acknowledge that there has been discrimination against the Negro in legislation; but the law has not been so crooked as the execution of the law. Even in politics he has been cheated out of his vote more shamefully than prevented from voting by crooked legislation. This crooked politics has reacted on the integrity of the ballot against the very people who forget to do right. While justifying shady practices on the ground of the necessity of securing a white man's government, they were bringing in a blacker regime by their own duplicity than black ballots could have ever delivered. They forget that the moral law never sleeps, and never forgets. This phase of our politics is passing. But the most outstanding crime is lynching. . . . The tragedies seem to thicken. The fact is, we are simply waking up. Our consciences are quickened. It is the hour before sunrise. The sentiment is rising and organizing against this hideous savagery and orgy of beastliness. The battle is joined, but the fight is not over. There is a respectable number of people who do not belong to the underworld, and who, if they do not openly advocate lynch law, excuse it. They will not bring an offender to justice. They are not moved with moral passion and indignation against it. If they do not start the mob, they follow it, and enjoy as high sport this American diversion. Such men are not peculiar to the South, though the South has suffered most from their atrocities. Nor is the Negro the only victim, though he has been the chief sufferer. In condemning mob violence the criminal is not excused from the villany of his crime, whether Negro or alien. But law must be made supreme, justice more than a word on our tongues, and life made sacred and safe under all circumstances of excitement and of emotional stress and storm. * * * This is indeed frank speech from a man living in Texas. He concludes with a tribute to the Negro soldier: The Negro as a soldier in the present war will be more than an episode in relation to his future history. .. . He is the synonym of loyalty. He is a typical patriot. He makes a good soldier. He is furnishing his quota of the American army. What effect will this war experience have on his public and institutional relations? Already the atmosphere is changing.' I dare not guess what breath will blow upon us when the war is over. But this I know, the man who gives all a man can give for his country, his life, cannot be forgotten by the people; the race that fits into the world program of democracy and liberty will find a place and an appreciation, whatever his color or previous condition. HONORABLE MENTION WITH the exception of the French poilu no class of soldiers receive the attention and praise that falls to the lot of the Negro soldier. On every side we hear of his gallantry, his good humor, his unfaltering determination, and, above all, his incalculable loyalty. A t this season more than ever, when many hearts are heavy with longing for the black boys in France, "it will help us to remember these things." The St. Louis Globe-Democrat says: There is a Negro loyalty which is one of the finest traits of the race. It has been sung in song and told in story. The older generation were loyal. . . . Men of the South, intelligent and high-charactered men, some of whom had personal and family knowledge of this fine fidelity and devotion, have permitted grosser elements to persecute the race, purely out of political considerations. We trust, and now believe, that that discreditable era is drawing to a close. The colored people are justifying all of our faith. Not only are they at home responding well to every patriotic need, but their men in the field in France are proving themselves worthy comrades of those who so signally earned laurels at San Juan, and those who, on the Mexican border, under Pershing, proved themselves at Parral to be of the stuff American soldiers are made of. * * * The New York Evening Post feels that the Negro's unhesitating response to duty will do much toward the breaking-down of prejudice: No Southerner is likely to make objection to the War Department's naming of a camp after a Negro soldier. Camp Alexander, at Newport News, has been designated in honor of the late Lieutenant John H. Alexander, Ninth U . S. Cavalry, a graduate of West Point, who, in the words of Brigadier-General Hutcheson, was "a man 80 THE CRISIS of ability, attainment, and energy." What the common sacrifices of white and black on the battlefield and at home are doing to soften racial lines, we cannot compute t i ll after the war. If we may judge from the press comment on race relations which the Southern Workman, of Hampton Institute, publishes monthly, it is much. The latest issue includes a quotation from the Memphis Commercial Appeal, relating how "numerous white people i n Memphis" have assisted in erecting a community house for Negro soldiers; an excerpt from the Charlotte Observer, praising "the enthusiastic fare-well given by the colored population to the outgoing recruits from Camp Greene" as evidence of the Negro's "recognition of his responsibility in the w a r ; " an item f r om the Athens, Ga., Banner, recording that the Red Cross Canteen Committee of Chattanooga had recently "shown every consideration" to a regiment of Negroes, distributing food and post cards and writi n g home for them. * * * - Isobel Field, of the Vigilantes, writes of the disappointment of German propagandists at the outcome of the East St. Louis riots: The German propagandists discovered to their dismay that their tactics were havi n g the effect of drawing general attention to the wrongs of the Negro and arousi n g interest and sympathy for him on all sides. The mute protest of the colored women and children, all in black, marching down Fifth Avenue, with no bands, no orators, no disturbances, simply carrying banners appealing for protection and justice, created a deep and lasting impression. Finally , in a sort of desperation, the Germans spread the lies f a r and wide that Negro soldiers were being sacrificed at the front; they were put in the most dangerous places, and when wounded were left to suffer and die unattended on the battlefield. Here again the boomerang turned and hit the conspirators. If they hadn't started the treacherous propaganda, the American public would not have heard General Pershing's opinion of the colored troops. After denying the truth of "the stories, probably invented by German agents," he adds, "I cannot commend too highly the spirit shown among the colored combat troops who exhibit fine capacity for quick training and eagerness for the most dangerous work." * * * The Boston, Mass., American shows, by these two letters, how history repeats itself: Editor Boston American: I am reliably informed that two million colored Americans have registered for service in our army and that nearly 300,- 000 are already i n active duty. In view of the splendid heroism which some of them displayed on the battlefields of France, it seems opportune to call attention to the following remarkable tribute paid to colored soldiers by the late General B. F. Butler, who recruited and commanded thousands of them during the Civil War. This address was issued at the time he retired from the command of the Department of Virginia and North Carolina: Headquarters Department Virginia and North Carolina, Army of the James: January 8, 1865. To the Colored Troops of the Army of the James— In this army you have been treated not as laborers, but as soldiers. You have shown yourselves worthy of the uniform you wear. Your bravery has won the admiration even of those who would be your masters. Your patriotism, fidelity and courage have illustratedthe best qualities of manhood. With the bayonet you have unlocked the iron-barred gates of prejudice, opening new fields of freedom, liberty and equality of right to yourself and your race forever. Comrades of the A r m y of the James, I bid you farewell! Farewell! ! BENJAMIN F. BUTLER, Major-General Commanding. * * * What General Butler said more than half a century ago is true i n our present struggle. Our colored fellow-citizens are sust a i n i n g America's honor no less loyally and efficiently than their white comrades. This is the unanimous opinion of our officers at the front. AN AMERICAN. * * * Perhaps most significant of all is the effect which this increasing appreciation of black men is having on the economic problem. The New York Financial American speaks to the point: The following advertisement appeared in one of our daily papers: MEN — MEN — MEN Government construction work. Bethlehem, Pa.; first-class accommodations free; no fee; fare paid ; no enemy aliens; no colored; shipment daily. Apply quickly, company representative, Mr. Burderi , 51 Prince street, Manhattan. What, might we ask, is the objection to Negro labor at Bethlehem, Pa? Why stigmatize our colored brethren by bracketing them with "no enemy aliens?" Daily we hear the complaint of the shortage of labor and yet here is one employer who deserves THE LOOKING GLASS 81 to be short, for he seeks to pick and choose rather than take that which is ' available. If the work is of such a nature that it can not be readily performed by colored men, then tell i t to them privately. Do not openl y and flagrantly show an antipathy that we will wager is founded on either ignorance or prejudice. Millions of lives were offered that the black man might be free. Millions of other lives are now being sacrificed that all men may be free. Freedom means equal opportunity, at least insofar as that opportunity is compatible w i t h man's abilit y . Uncle Sam does not hesitate to call his colored sons to service. . . . Yet behind the lines there remain some—not of their color—who doubt their fitness for " Government construction work." They are so well qualified for the world's construction work that thirteen of the regiment spoken of above are already wearing well-earned war crosses, while many others have paid the supreme sacrifice. We wonder when men of narrow souls and traditional prejudices will wake up? Or is the white hand of a murderous German still better to some than the redblooded heart of the loyal colored American? Our boys "over there" can answer that question and the bigot w i l l not be long in translating the reply. * * * And , finally, this from H . H . Windsor in Popular Mechanics: During the Civil War, it was no infrequent part of a northern General's report of a battle that "the colored troops fought bravely." The reports which are reaching us of the colored troops in France include more than "fought bravely"—they fight magnificently. A letter from an officer describing such a regiment going "over the top" gives a picture worth painting. Bare-headed, shirts unbuttoned or no shirts at all, with the most unearthly yells, as demons let locse, they went at the enemy like a cage of wild lions released. . . . Yes, the colored troops are still "fighting bravely ." . * * * Anguished hearts will take some slight solace f r om this letter of Rev. Henry Wilds Smith in the Lee (Mass.) Gleaner: A day or two ago we had our first funeral. It was- not one of our boys, but a colored boy f r om Alabama, who had been brought into our hosoital. For some days i t was known that he could not live, and I had visited h im several times. No coffins had come, so the bovs made a pine box. We gave h im a soldier's funeral ; as good as a general would have. We wrapped him in the United States flag, half-filled the grave with holly, then taps were sounded. How shrill it sounded over the chilly French fields and how white the. boys' faces looked in the fading light. So that is the end of the colored boy from Alabama. Aye, not the end, but the beginning. He must have had a spark of idealism or he would not have been here. Somehow, it got hold of the boys and me. LABOR AND MIGRATION THE continued exodus of the Negro from the South has not only improved the social and economic condition of the migrant, it has also awakened the South to a sense of its own remissness. According to the Chicago, 111., News, Monroe N . Work said recently before the Southern Sociological Congress: So great is the migration to the North, which began in 1915 and continues to the present time, and so far reaching and profound were its effects, that the whole fabric of the South's social structure was disturbed and shaken in a way that it had not been since the Civil War and Reconstruction days. The loss of so large a part of its labor caused the South to see the value of this labor in a new light. As a result the South is giving labor better pay, according it juster treatment, better protection under the law and better educational facilities. There is also a disposition to endeavor to find out just how the Negro feels and thinks about the situation and what he would advise doing to better conditions and make him more contented and satisfied. * * * Negro labor itself has assumed a new attitude toward the South and on all sides colored men express freely their views concerning the causes for their migration. Mr. Work quotes from a letter written by a Negro to the Macon, Ga., Telegraph: " First enforce the law equally between all men. black and white. The wholesale arrest of Negroes for very slight causes tends to create a feeling i n the minds of our people that they are not getting a square deal. In the second place, public school accommodation for our people in the South in many places is very poor. Hence it is an easv matter for many of the Negroes to be lured away when they are told by an immigrant agent that in the North they will not only receive better wages, but that they will receive better advantages for the education of their children. The Neero has settled convictions about educating his children. This he means to do no matter what sacrifice as a parent he has to make." The Horizon VINCENT SAUNDERS MUSIC AND A RT WILLIAM STANLEY BRAITHWAITE , the well-known colored critic, has started a magazine for poetry, called Youth. (I Harry A. Delmore, tenor student of Arthur Hubbard, Boston, Mass., gave a recital on October 30, at Steinert Hall . He was assisted by J . Shelton Pollen, pianist, and William S. Lawrence, accompanist. C A volume of Nine Negro Spirituals by Harvey Gaul, of Pittsburgh, Pa., has been published and put i n the public libraries for reference. C Melville Charlton, a colored musician of Brooklyn, N . Y . , played the organ and conducted a musical service at the Fif th Avenue Brick Church, New York City. Under his direction were musicians from the Metropolitan Opera House and the Symphony Orchestra. 0 Lonia V . Jones, the talented young violinist who graduated from the New England Conservatory of Music last June, is saxophone player i n the 807th Pioneer Infantry Band of the American Expeditionary Forces. C Maud Cuney Hare, pianist, and William H . Richardson, baritone, are engaged i n volunteer war work, as musical directors in Liberty chorus work outlined by the National Council of Defense. C A colored woman, Nannie G. Board, of Louisville , K y . , w o n first honor for her composition submitted in the song contest conducted by the United W a r Work Campaign. THE WAR THE Division of FIlms of the Committee on Public Information has released a two-reel film, "Our Colored F i g h t e r s , " showi n g what the colored contingent of the' U . S. A r m y is doing at home and abroad. C American Negro troops, operating under the direction of the French, captured Binarville, in the sector of the Argonne Forest. C One of the finest feats performed by the Americans was the capture of a German strong point, called A b r i s St. Louis. CT Over 6,000 Negroes assembled at the Eighth Regiment Armory , Chicago, 111., in a Liberty Loan demonstration. A parade a mile long preceded the meeting. L. Gordon Sanford, an Australian, lauded the fightingnerve of the American Negro soldiers i n France. C The Secretary of War has directed Colonel Charles Young to report at Camp Grant, Rockford, Illinois , for duty in connection with the Colored Development Battalions. Ten new colored chaplains have been appointed and six colored surgeons with the rank of Lieutenant. CE A Negro expert currency examiner, Mrs . Anna R. Grant did the work of three persons for more than a week i n the currency rush. Of her has been said : "She is to all i n the Bureau, regardless of race, an example of rare efficiency and fine spirit ." Mrs . Grant's husband is in France. C Auxiliary No. 6, of the Americans Red Cross, Philadelphia, P a . , has a membership of over 2,000 instead of n e a r l y 300, as was stated in the September CRISIS. C Lieutenant James E . Black, of Lewis - ton, Pa., says that the Negro soldier is the most thorough when it comes to fighting the Boche. "They slit Boches' throats with their bayonets when they get within reach, and take no prisoners." C During an American attack on the northern flank of the front, six colored stevedores suddenly came upon a detachment of twenty Germans. They had only their picks and shovels; however, they charged and captured the twenty Germans. C Two hundred seventy-four non-commissioned Negro officers have arrived at Camp Grant, Illinois, from Columbus, New Mexico. C Lieutenant O. W . Weatherford, speaking before the Advertising Club , New York City, instanced a personal experience of a giant Negro who went "over the top" i n a bayonet charge. The Negro stuck his bayonet into the Huns, and then took his foot and pushed their bodies off. When his bayonet could not be used, he used his gun as a club. 82 THE NEGRO TO THE RESCUE 84 THE CRISIS G The Women's Volunteer Service League, Newark, N . J . , has guaranteed funds for a three-story buildingas a canteen and resthouse for Negro soldiers and sailors. Negro women will be trained in trades and war activities, also, at this place. Mrs. A . E . Cooke is president. (I Private Henry Washington, of the " Fighting Fifteenth" in France, has been decorated with the Croix de Guerre. He killed six Huns. C Of 29,999 grammar school graduates f r om 42 states and the Dicstric of Columbia, called to entrain October 15, for technical training , 980 were Negroes. C Two four-story buildings are to be added to the Hayward Unit Service Club for Negro Soldiers and Sailors, through the New York War Camp Community Service. Sleeping accommodation for 150 will be furnished, reading, writing and billard rooms, and laundry. A canteen, under the auspices of the National League for Women's Service, will make it possible to serve 1,000 men daily. Major William H . Jackson, N . Y . N . G., will be in charge of the enlarged Hayward Unit. C A Hostess House for Negroes has been completed at Camp Gordon, Atlanta , Ga. C A free eight weeks' training course for Negro nurses, to serve Negro soldiers of the American Expeditionary Forces, has been established in Kansas City, Mo., with Dr. William  T. Thompkins i n charge, under the supervision of the City Hospital and the Health Board. C Percy Richardson, son of William H. Richardson, the baritone, of Boston, Mass., is among the wounded in France, and is being cared for at a Base Hospital for shrapnel wound. He was also gassed in the September drive. He writes that members of former "Company L , ' ' of Boston, not only made advance in the big drive, but took prisoners, C The Welfare League of the Colored 367th Infantry, gave a benefit at the Century Theatre, New York City, to provide Christmas tobacco for the "Buffaloes," somewhere in France. Many prominent opera, vaudeville and concert stars, volunteered their serviced. C India has sent over 1,000,000 men to the front, for service in the B r i t i s h Army. C There are 130,000 Negro soldiers on the Western Front. G Colored women, under the leadership of Mrs. W. R. Valentine, have raised $2,000 for the Hostess House at Camp Dix . Miss MaryCromwell, of Washington, D. C , served as volunteer worker there during the summer. G The following reports of Negroes' support of the Fourth Liberty Loan have come to us: $700,000 Memphis, Tenn.; $202,000 Muskogee, Okla.;' $350,000 New York City; $200,000 Nashville, Tenn.; $60,150 Dallas, Texas, a surplus of $10,150; 2,950 employees of the Norfolk, V a . , Navy Yard, $180,000; the Brown Savings Bank, Norfolk, subscribed four times its allotment of $22,000; in two weeks colored citizens of Berkley, V a . , raised upwards of $50,000; a $250,000 quota for Pittsburgh, Pa., brought $1,006,200; the North Carolina M u t u a l Insurance Company has a total of $160,000 for the four loans; 2,106 persons subscribed $115,600 through the Mutual Savings Bank, Norfolk, V a . , nine and oneh a l f times their allotment; pupils of the Stowe School, Cincinnati, Ohio, $15,000; Walter M . Meade, a twelve-year-old orphan in Hartford, Conn., who has four brothers serving in France, as a Boy Scout sold $1,600 worth of bonds; 36 coal-miners at St.Clairsville , Ohio, $4,050; 34 employees of the B i g - F o u r Roundhouse, New York Central Lines, at Columbus, Ohio, $5,000; Paul Quinn College, Waco, Texas, $12,000; i n Oklahoma City, Okla., colored workers, under Roscoe Dunjee, sold $44,000 worth of Liberty Bonds and Negro employees of industrial plants bought $33,500; Red Caps of the Grand Central Terminal, New Y o rk City. $20,000; at Colon, Arthur Tamarerac, a colored clerk, $500; Thomas Motley, a driller at Cristobal, $600; Women's Liberty Loan Committees accepted the offer of the N . A . A . C. P., of colored women speakers as follows: M a r y B. Talbert, of Buffalo, N . Y . , i n Louisiana and Texas; Lizzie B . Fouse, of Lexington, for Kentucky; Addie W . Dickerson, of Philadelphia, Pa., for North Carolina; Nannie II. Burroughs, of Washington, D. C, for Maryland and Virginia. C David II. Raynes, of  Vivian , L a . , bought $100,000 in Fourth Liberty Loan Bonds. He is the largest individual buyer in the state. Mr. Raynes is a colored farmer, and LIBERIA DAY DURING THE FOURTH LIBERTY LOAN DRIVE. IN MADISON SQUARE, NEW YORK CITY 86 THE CRISIS has oil wells on his land. President Wilson when informed of his purchase by wire replied that he had read of it " w i t h a great deal of interest and appreciation." INDUSTRY THE two-story brick building, formerly occupied by the Citizens' Bank of Elizabeth City, N . C , has been taken over by Negroes at a cost of $10,000. The purchasers are the Home Development Company, of which T. R. Fleming is president. C Some of the colored women at the packi n g houses, Chicago, 111., earn as high $33.00 per week; colored butchers often make as much as $9.00 a day. C At Paris, K y . , colored women received during October, $3.00 a day for cutting corn, $12.50 a week for breaking tow, and $12.00 a week in tobacco factories. C The Tallassee Power Company, of North Carolina , has established welfare work among the coloied people of Badin, with two colored workers. G It has been estimated that because of better treatment and higher wages, 10,000 Negroes from the South have been added to the population of Brooklyn, N . Y . One factory employs sixty colored workers; a man is getting $35.00 per .veek, and several girls earn as high as $35.00 weekly. G The A . G. Spaulding Brothers' Factory in Chicago, 111., is employing a colored expert stitcher on athletic goods, Mr. M . Lemons. Swift and Company, in this city, are employing twenty colored girls in their sausage factory, where formerly white girls were employed. C Dr. Frank V. Plummer, because of a successful diagnosis of a case at Camp Grant, Illinois, has been called from the ranks as a corporal and commissioned a Lieutenant. detailed to practice medicine. G Herbert C. Hoover has appealed to the Negroes of the United States, urging the distribution of the new Home Card. He says: The Negroes have shown themselves loyal and responsive in every national crisis. Their greatest opportunity of the present day, to exercise this loyalty, is to help save and grow food. I am confident that they will respond to the suggestions of the Food Administration and thus prove again their patriotism. G The Circle of Negro W a r Relief has sixtyone units in thirty states, with over 2,000 members. It has bought ambulances, made thousands of knitted garments, sent entertainers to camps, supported canteens, supplied musical instruments, contributed to the Red Cross and other agencies, and raised from working people nearly $50,000. C The C i t y of Trenton, N . J . , has given a public reception and presented a house to Sergeant Needham Roberts, the well-known recipient of the French W a r Cross. C Ernest T. Attwell , head of the Business Department of Tuskegee Institute, has been appointed head of a section of Negro activities by the U. S. Food Administration. Mr . A . U . Craig has given up the work. C Colored men are being t r a i n e d as moulders at the Cooper Engineering Company, Mt. Vernon, Ohio. C In a dispute between the Detroit United Railways Company and the Labor Union, the company refused to acceed to the demands of the union not to employ Negroes. One hundred Negro motormen are now employed and others are being installed. The Negroes are being employed on some of the best lines i n the city and are giving satisfaction. Notwithstanding some attempts to prevent the Negroes fromjoining the union, on the part of union members, the Negroes have insisted upon joining. C Over 1,000 Negro women are employed i n workshops in Newark, N . J . C Frank Harris , a Negro employed by the American Rolling Mill, Columbus, Ohio, has worked a total of 239 days out of 243. He wears a ten-year gold service button. Four days taken off have been made up by seven and one-half days' overtime work. AlbertJones, another Negro employee, has worked seven days a week, without losing any time,—from March 30 to August 19. These men work on the pig-casting machine, and have stuck to their jobs i n the hottest weather. POLITICS AT the election in New York City, Bolles, the white Republican who has twice opposed a Negro candidate for Congress, was defeated by a Democrat. This defeat was helped by 3,000 votes cast for George Frazier Miller , the colored Socialist candidate. E. A . Johnson, the colored member of the Legislature of New Y o r k State, was defeated for re-election in the Nineteenth Districts but to offset this, J. C. THE HORIZON 87 Hawkins was elected to the Legislature in the Twenty-first District. (L Negro registrants in St. Louis, Mo., increased the largest previous registration number, 15,803, by over 2,996. MEETINGS THE forty-eighth annual meeting of the Baptist Missionary and Education convention has been held at Corsicana, Tex. The collection of $10,270 is reported. It was decided to launch a drive for $20,000 for the session October, next, at Palestine, part of which will be used for the erection of a building at Houston College. C The C. M. E. Churches of Georgia, Alabama. Florida, Arkansas, Louisiana, and Texas, have held a conference with 2,000 in attendance. They voted to raise $65,000 next year for the erection of school buildings at Haygood College, Pine Bluff, A r k . C A t the District Conference of the Zion A . M . E . Church, Auburn , N . Y . , a mortgage of $800 on the Harriet Tubman Home was burned. C The Mary B. Talbert Club has been organized at Calgary, Canada. Mrs. P. S. Post is president. C President Wilson received a delegation of Negroes to the National Race Congress during their meeting in Washington. The Rev. Mr. Jernagin, President of the Congress, gave assurance of the loyalty of Negro citizens and called attention to discrimination against them. C At Carnegie Hall , New York City, a patriotic meeting for the benefit of the Circle of Negro War Relief was held. Addresses were delivered by Irvin Cobb, Emmett J. Scott, George E. Haynes, Adah B. Thorns, Theodore Roosevelt and Marcel Knecht, of the French High Commission. Dr. W. E . B. DuBois presided. C The fiftieth annual gathering of the Walker Baptist Association has been held at Augusta. The raising of $22,014 is reported. The Rev. M r . Charles T. Walker presided, and there were over a thousand delegates present. C The National Commission on Churches has held institutes among colored people i n the South. The institute at Nashville, Tenn., had sixty-two representatives in six states, with 152 ministers registered. At New Orleans, L a . , 350 ministers attended, and the night audiences numbered 2,000. (I A t Lorain, Ohio, a meeting of protest has been. held, because clerical work in i n d u s t r i a l plants is denied to colored people. C The Dixwell Avenue Congregational Church, New Haven, Conn., has through its Men's Club arranged for its thirteenth season of lectures. There w i l l be ten addresses by ministers, social workers and others, including James W. Johnson of the N . A . A. C. P., and Emmett J . Scott. SOCIAL PROGRESS THE cornerstone of the colored Y . M . C. A . , at 181 West 135th Street, New York City, was l a i d October 13, by William Fellowes Morgan, President of the Y . M . C. A. in New York . Dr. R. R. Moton delivered the principal address. The cost of the ground, building and equipment will be $358,000, which has been provided for with the exception of $45,000, which must be raised by the branch. On November 3, -the cornerstone of the colored Y . W . C. A . , on West 137th Street, was laid. It will be a five-story building, w i t h balcony and swimming pool, gymnasium, laundry, cafeteria, reception, reading and check rooms, offices, auditorium,. class and club rooms. C Dr. Julia P. H . Coleman, who was " Jim - Crowed" by the Washington, Baltimore and Annapolis Electric Railway, May 25, has won a verdict of twenty dollars. (I The ban against Negro and white boxi n g competitors which has been in operat i on in New Jersey, under the Frawley Law , has been lifted, affording Negroes equal opportunity for titles. C Discrimination against Negro women employees at the Curtiss Aeroplane Company, Buffalo, N. Y., has been stopped, through action of the N . A . A . C. P. C The Pennsylvania State Federation of Colored Women's Clubs, of which Mrs. Ruth L. Bennett is president, has formally opened a building to be used as a home for colored women war workers in the vicinity of Chester, and as a center for governmental activities. C The Georgia Division of the Woman's Committee of the Council of, National Defense at a recent meeting in Atlanta, adopted a resolution praising the war work of Negroes in that state. C At City Point, V a . , where the Du Ponts have a munition plant, there is a colored athletic field, a brass band of twenty-six THE KING OF ENGLAND INSPECTS NEGRO TROOPS In Hyde Park, London, American Negro and white soldiers participated in athletic games which a revelation to the British spectators. 88 THE HORIZON 89 pieces and a boys' band, a Y . M . C. A . buildi n g that cost $25,000, a church which cost $15,000; and an eight-room schoolhouse, to accommodate 1,000 pupils, with colored teachers; a lodge building for men and a Y . W. C. A . have been planned. C Colored physicians of Detroit, Mich . , are preparing to establish the Dunbar Memorial Hospital . They are being opposed by an institution which proposes to sell stock and make money out of a hospital movement. The trustees of the Dunbar Hospital are Mrs . Mary Cole, Mrs. A . F . Henson, Mrs. William Stone, Dr. W. E. Johnson, the Rev. Mr . R. L . Bradby, and Messrs. R. C. Barnes, W. E. Dean, William Osby and Bert Scott. C Baker Emergency Hospital in Jackson Ward , Richmond, V a . , has over one hundred patients and is, according to the Times Dispatch, " A well-organized, well-equipped, beautifully managed emergency hospital,— and the colored people are doing it all themselves." Mary E . Carter is superintendent. C A modern Y . M . C. A . building has been erected for Negro workmen at Nitro, W. V a . , at a cost of $15,000. It has billiard tables, bowling alleys, shower bath, soda fountain, a l i b r a r y of 1,000 volumes and thirty periodicals, and a moving picture theatre. Two colored college men are in charge. EDUCATION ORGANIZATION of the Board of Trustees of the Theological and Training Seminary for Negro Baptist Preachers at Nashville, Tenn., has been perfected. The Rev. Mr. C. H . Clark, of Nashville, is chairman. . Aside from $25,000 for the building and site, formerly Boscobel Col lege, an additional $25,000 is needed for operating expenses. G The Armstrong-Slater Memorial Trade Building at Tuskegee Institute on October 14, was destroyed by fire, representing a loss of $100,000. Temporary quarters, however, make it unnecessary to interfere with the course of study. C The Haines School, Augusta, Ga., is making a drive to raise $5,000. Miss Lucy Laney, the well-known colored educator, is at the head of this school. C The National Training School of Durham, N. C, is appealing for an endowment of $250,000. It has a Service Flag of forty-one stars, and one of its students has been awarded the French War Cross. (I The Late Mary Benson, of New York C i t y , bequeathed to the American Church Institute for Negroes $90,000 for local work and $20,000 for other work. C The will of the late Elizabeth L. Allen of Spring-field, Mass., bequeaths $2,000 to the Daytona, F l a . , Industrial School for colored girls. THE CHURCH THE Metropolitan Baptist Church, New York City, of which the Rev. M r . W. W. Brown is pastor, has purchased the New York Presbyterian Church, a plot 100 x 100, on the northeast corner of 128th Street and Seventh Avenue, making further inroads for Negroes on the Harlem residential section. The cost of the property is $100,000. C The re-opening and dedication exercises of the New Mother A . M . E . Zion Church, i n New York City, were held Nov. 10-24. The Rev. M r . J . S. Caldwell was Presiding Bishop and Rev. M r . B. T. Judd, Presiding Elder. The Rev. M r . J . W. Brown is pastor. The church was founded in 1796, and has a membership of 1,900. The rebuildi n g and alterations cost $40,000. PERSONAL ORA B . Stokes in Richmond, V a . , has been appointed Protective Officer for Negro girls and women by Police Justice Crutchfield. C Mark A. Thomas, a student of A t l a n ta University , won the first prize, a silver cup at the annual golf tournament at Goodwin Park, Hartford, Conn. There were seventy seven contestants. G Dr. Ruth T. Temple, a colored woman of Los Angeles, passed the California State Board of Medical Examiners with an average of 91.7 per cent. The Los Angeles Forum presented her with scholarships for five consecutive years. G Hortense White of Fayetteville, N . C , a graduate of Freedmen's Hospital, is the first colored nurse to be appointed at the Isolation Hospital, Asbury Park, N . J . G. " Aunt Carrie " Dye is dead at Newport, Ark . She was known as a seer and said to be one hundred years old. Her estate is estimated at $100,000. She was a member 90 THE CRISIS of the W. S. S. Limit Club and had bought Liberty Bonds of each issue. C Solon Menos, Minister from Haiti , died from influenza at Washington, D. C , duri n g the liberty Loan Drive. C A colored woman, Jeanette Carter, has been appointed Director of the Colored Bureau of Industrial Housing and Transportation in the U. S. Department of Labor. She has practised law and is a notary public. (1 Jordan C. Jackson of Lexington, K y . , is dead at the age of seventy. He was at one time teller of the local Freedmen's Bank, a trustee of Berea College and a delegate to the National Republican Convention. He had amassed considerable property. FOREIGN WHITE workmen struck in Johannesburg, South Africa, and were granted their demands. When 152 natives struck, they were arrested and sentenced to two months' labor, under guard. This discrimination aroused public opinion, however, and the sentence was suspended. General Botha issued a manifesto on the subject and appointed a commission, which reports that there can be no real content in the country as long as the natives are denied citizens' rights. C Sir Sydney Olivier, formerly Governor of Jamaica, has written an excellent pamphlet on the League of Nations and Primitive People. C The Director of Education for Southern Rhodesia reports that the natives realize the importance of both scholastic and industrial training , and are taking advantage of their opportunities in nearly every dist r i c t . Missionaries are training teachers. C E. Scipio Pollard , a colored Barrister-at- Law, is admitted to be not only the ablest lawyer i n the West Indies, but also "one of the best criminal lawyers of the British Empire , " which comment was published recently i n one of the dailies of Trinidad. 0 One of the most eminent colored men in the Island of Trinidad is Dr. S. M. Laurence, M . B . ; C M . , Edinburgh ; a member of the Legislative Council, the governi n g body of the Island, all the members of which are appointed by the Crown; Port of- Spain City Council; Board of Education; and Council of the Medical Board. CT A writer in the World's Work says that a New York Negro is a member of the Military Revolution Committee of the Bolsheviki in Russia. C The report of the Lords of the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council of England has decided that the title of 73,000,000 acres of land in Rhodesia vests i n the English Crown and not in the Chartered Company. Consequently, the concessions made by this company are void. It is now the duty of the natives to convince the Crown that this land should be alloted to them. This is probably the greatest land case in history. G On June 19, the new Constitution of Haiti was approved. By it , foreigners and foreign corporations are for the first time given the right to acquire real estate i n the Island. CRIME A RIOT started between sailors and Negroes over the jostling of women in a Philadelphia, P a . , trolley car. When the car stopped, the sailors threw the Negroes to the street and ordered the motorman at the point of a revolver to start the car. G Five persons were killed and seventythree injured in a race riot at Hopewell, V a . , because the proprietor of a mess-hall at the DuPont Munition Plant slapped a colored woman in the face, for "refusing to obey orders C The homes of Negroes who have invaded Jones Street, St. Louis, Mo., are persistently being stoned by whites, breaking windows and doing other damages. Appeals to the police force nave brought little , if any, protection. G Investigation of the race riot in Newport News, Va., September 21, shows that the fault was entirel y due to a false accusat i on of theft made by a white photographer against a colored soldier. Only two soldiers were involved. The army officers who investigated the matter exonerated the soldiers. G There have been the following lynchings since the President's letter, J u l y 26, 1918: July—Texas, 1; Oklahoma, 1. August—Louisiana, 1; Georgia, 2; Florida, 1. September—Georgia, 1. November—Rolesville, N. C , Nov. 5, George Taylor, hanged "for rape." Sheffield, A l a . , Nov. 11, William Bird , hanged "for creating disturbance." Total, 9. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 91 MEN AND WOMEN TRAINED IN AGRICULTURE WILL BE IN GREAT DEMAND AFTER THE WAR Secretary Lane is urging that plans and "Plans for providing the returned soldier with land surveys and studies be instituted now so that are rapidly taking shape. when demobilization begins, farms and homes * * * Let us not think of may be offered to the returned soldiers on the the individual returned sol dier exiled to a tongue of most encouraging terms. green land between the stony breasts of western mountains * * * but of orUnder the Smith-Hughes Vocational Ed ganic communities of one ucation Act, the Government is already trainor two hundred farms with ing Teachers, Agriculturalists and Mechanics competent agricultural ad visers to brace up the techwhose services will be in great demand after nique of those who are the war to help these soldiers and rural in willing to learn."—The New habitants adjust themselves to the problems Republic. of reconstruction. Tuskegee Institute offers the Smith-Hughes Course in: Teacher-Training Agriculture Mechanics Home Economics Splendid opportunities for young men and women of purpose, and an exceptional chance for young men who have been placed in deferred classes or exempted. You may enroll NOW. Address, R. R. MOTON, Principal, Tuskegee Institute, Alabama 1888 1918 St. Paul Normal and Industrial School LAWRENCEVILLE, VA. Thirty -First Session OPENED SEPTEMBER 24, 1918 COURSES Primary, Grammar School, Normal, Industrial Graduates receive State High School Certificate which will admit to Standard Normal Schools and Colleges SUMMER SCHOOL FOR TEACHERS EXTENSIVE TRADE COURSES ENROLLMENT 1917-1918, 496 Athletic Training. Football, Baseball, Tennis, Etc. FULL COURSE IN MILITARY TRAINING For Catalog and Further information address Rev. James S. Russell, D. D M Principal LAWRENCEVILLE, VA. Statement of the Ownership, Management,Circulation, August -'4, 1912, of The Crisis, published monthly at 70 Fifth Avenue, New York, N. V., for October 1. 1918. State of New York, County of New York, ss.: Before me, a Notary Public in and for the Stale and County aforesaid, personally appeared Augustus Granville Dill, who, having been duly sworn according to law, deposes and says that lie is the Business Manager of The Crisis, and that the following is, to the best of his knowledge and belief, a true statement of the ownership, management, etc., of the aforesaid publication for the date shown in the above caption, required by the Act of August 24, 1912, embodied in section 443, Postal Laws and Regulations: Publisher: The National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, 70 Fifth Avenue, New York City. Editor; W. E. Burghardt DuBois, 70 Fifth Avenue, New York City. Managing Editor: W. E. Burghardt DuBois, 70 Fifth Avenue, New York City. Business Manager: Augustus Granville Dill, 70 Fifth Avenue, New York City. Owners: The National Association for the Advance ment of Colored People, a corporation with no stock. Membership over 5,000. Moorfield Storey, President, John H . Shillady, Secretary, Oswald Garrison Villard, Treasurer. Mary White Ovington, Acting Chairman Board of Directors. Known bondholders, mortgagees and other security holders holding 1 per cent or more of total amount of bonds, mortgages, or other securities: None. A. G. Dill, Business Manager. Sworn to and subscribed before me this 1st day of October, 1918. Frank M. Turner, Notary Public. Notary Public Queens County No. 2302. Certificate filed in New York County No. 188, New York Reg. No. 10127. (My commission expires March 30, 1920.) Mention The Crisis THE CRISIS ADVERTISER "JUST THE PLACE FOR YOUR GIRL" Daytona Normal and Industrial Institute for Negro Girls, Daytona, Fla. Beautiful location, ideal home life, fine, modern equipment. Courses include Kindergarten, Primary, Grammar, High, Normal, Vocational- Nurse Training at McLeod Hospital a specialty. Terms reasonable. Send for Catalog. MARY McLEOD BETHUNE, --Principal. BEREAN MANUAL TRAINING AND INDUSTRIAL SCHOOL South College Ave. and N . 19th Street Phila., Pa. Fall Term and Twentieth Year opened Tuesday, October i , 1918. Domestic Art, Industrial Art, Mechanical Art, Commercial and English. Sessions both day and evening. Age, sex or previous training no bar if applicant has good character. Years of honorable records and worthy traditions our trade-mark. Helpfulness our object. Efficiency our aim. Write or visit the School now. MATTHEW ANDERSON, Principal 1926 S. College Ave. Phila., Pa. Bell Phone Spruce 1924 30-Day System Position Derrick Shorthand School Childs' Building 1435 Chestnut Street PHILADELPHIA Enroll Immediately to Hold Place in Class Send far Enrollment Blank and full information Day and Evening Classes Our students hold positions at the Navy Yard, Arsenal, various camps and "over there," All are receiving excellent salaries and highest praise. The Colored Teachers' Bureau Will Help You Get A Better Paying Position. REGISTER NOW REASONABLE TEEMS Address: Colored Teachers' Bureau Box 22, Wilberforce, 0. THE STENOGRAPHERS' INSTITUTE 1227 S. 17th ST., PHILA., PA. Shorthand Typewriting Bookkeeping Our students recently appointed at the Navy Yard, Arsenal, and Post Office as stenographers and clerks are receiving Big Salaries— male and female stenographers are averaging $1800 per year. We are informed that one of our male students is a stenographer in France. SCHOOL OPENED OCTOBER 15th THRE E MONTHS COURSE— 5 lessons a week. Apt students can pass Civil Service Examination at end of course. EIGHT MONTHS COTJRSE—2 lessons a week. We advise students to take this course because it gives more time for lesson preparation and practice. Edward 1. Duncan, President STENOGRAPHERS WANTED All Races Prepare in the beat school of its kind in the State Subjects Shorthand, Typewriting, Bookkeeping, English, Pen manship, Civil Service Training, and SPANISH . COMMERCIAL CLASS Lenox Community Center—at PUBLIC SCHOOL 88 Lenox Aveni, and 135th St., New York City. Open All Year—Four Evenings Weekly. Fitz W. Mottley, President. with all modern Suburban Homes improvements on electric car line connecting Washington, Baltimore, Annapolis and Camp Meade. Auto road. 30 minutes' ride to city. Near Washington, D. C. Lots 50 by 150, $270, $10 down. $5 monthly. Houses built to order after $100 or more is paid on lot. Fertile land, good elevation, gardens, chickens, etc. Store, school, churches, community club. Booklet free: Thos. J. Callowav ( I ) 1403 New York Avenue Washington D. C. {I live here} Among Friends My course io Penmanship, Bookkeeping, and Shorthand through the mail will prepare you for the position worth while. Write for information. A. D. Nolley, M. Pen., 519 Michigan Ave.,Buffalo, N.Y. A live agency furnishes the TEACHERS connecting medium in a busneis way between teachers and schools and relieves teachers of the embarrassment of job hunting. We have had calls for teachers from Alabama, Arkansas, Delaware. District of Colombia, Florida, Georgia. Illinois, Indiana, Kansas. Kentucky, Maryland, Mississippi. Missouri, New York. North Carolina. Ohio, Oklahoma, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia and Wear Virginia. THE MUTUAL TEACHERS' AGENCY lil t New York Avsams Washington, D. C. Mention THE CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER The Prompt Payment of Claims Naturally we are proud of our record in the payment of claims. Big or little, we give them the same careful scrutiny and attention, and pay them all promptly. The recent Influenza Epidemic has been no respecter of Persons and many people in the Prime of life were stricken down. Among the Influenza Claims paid by us were the following: Dr. D. E. Payne, Cordele, Ga $2,000 Mrs. Ida Almond, Elberton, Ga 500 Sylvester Bibbs, San Antonio, Texas 1,000 Joseph P. Hicks, Houston, Texas 1,000 John H . Anderson, Social Circle, Ga 1,000 Rufus G. McCrary, Pelham, Ga 2,500 Thomas B. Dunlap, Tyler, Texas 1,000 It is consoling to know that your insurance is carried with a strong company, administered on the principle of fair dealing to all men. No matter what the amount, nor how sudden the claim, STANDAR D LIF E Pays, and Pays Promptly in Full. STANDARD LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY Home Office, 200 Auburn Ave. ATLANTA, GEORGIA HEMAN E. PERRY, President HARRY H. PACE, Secretary-Treasurer Mention The Crisis. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Operating for the present only in Virginia, The Southern Ai d Society of Virginia Incorporated HOME OFFICE: 527 NORTH SECOND STREET RICHMOND, VIRGINIA Is not only paying claims as provided in the policy, to many of our gallant soldier boys, but is standing like a stone wall of protection to the thousands of loved ones left behind. In many instances were it not for the foresight shown by these loving husbands, fathers and sons in providing their families with Southern Ai d Policies, there would be untold suffering in some of the homes of these brave soldier boys. By paying promptly sick, accident and death claims to policy holders in the soldiers' homes and purchasing Liberty Bonds, the Southern Aid Society of Va., Inc., is helping mightily to keep up the morale of our bronze gladiators. The Southern Aid Society of Va., Inc., is the only insurance organization issuing a guaranteed continuous payment policy for sickness and accidents and an undiminished Death Claim after death. A Virginia Home without a Southern Aid Society's Policy is not finished. JOIN NOW! A.	 D. PRICE, B. L. JORDAN, W. A. JORDAN, President Secretary Assistant Secretary Mention The Crisis. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 95 THE NORTH CAROLINA MUTUAL AND PROVIDENT ASSOCIATION Home Office, DURHAM, N. CAROLINA The Oldest, Largest and Strongest Old Line Legal Reserve Negro Life Insurance Company in the World Assets nearly One-Half Million dollars. Owns $160,000.00 in Government Bonds. The following Editorial appeared in the "Durham Daily Herald," May 10, 1918: A SUBSTANTIAL ENTERPRISE (Editorial) The North Carolina Mutual and Provident Association, a business enterprise owned, controlled and actively managed by colored men of Durham, has developed into an important asset of the city during its nineteen years of existence. It is no idle boast nor advertising motto that this company is the " largest and strongest Negro insurance company in the world." It is just that and more. It is managed along the most modern lines and is a business which not only the colored people may be proud of, but one which also deserves a high place among the new insurance companies of the southern states. Amount Paid in Claims Since Organization $1,736,504.50 Your Chance to Buy Stable Life Insurance from $500 to $5,000. POLICIES WITH AL L MODERN PROVISIONS,INCLUDING John Merrick, President A. M. Moore, M. D., Sec'y and Treas. C. C. Spaulding, Vice-President and General Manager J. M. Avery, Assistant Gen'l Manager E. R. Merrick, Ass't Sec'y Mention The Crisis. 96 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Atlanta University Studies of the Negro Problems 20 Monographs Sold Separately Address ATLANTA UNIVERSITY CONFERENCE A TLANTA UNIVERSITY :i ATLANTA, GA. The Curse of Race Prejudice By James F . M o r t o n , J r . , A . M . A n aggressive exposure by an A n g l o - S a x o n champ i o n of equal rights. S t a r t l i n g facts and crushing a r g u m e n t s . F a s c i n a t i n g reading. A necessity for c l e a r u n d e r s t a n d i n g and up-to-date propaganda. Bel o n g s i n the l i b r a r y of e v e r y f r i e n d of social j u s t i c e. P r i c e 25 cents. Send order to J A M E S F . M O R T O N , J R. 211 West 138th Street New Y o r k , N . Y . $25.00 PER WEEK may be made in commissions by parties h a n d l i ng " H i s t o r y of Negro Soldiers in S p a n i s h - A m e r i c an W a r " combined with " H i s t o r y of the Negro Race,'' 400 pages, 50 i l l u s t r a t i o n s . Price $1.25 net. A d d r e s s : E. A . J O H N S ON 154 Nassau Street NEW Y O RK THE NEGRO IN AMERICAN HISTORY Contains 298 Pages, 15 Chapters, Historical and Biographical, 17 Full Page Illustrations Printed on Fine Antique Book, Bound in Full Green Extra Cloth, Gold Title on Front Cover and Shelf Back. Price, net $1.26. Postage Prepaid $1.40. Order through any bookseller or direct from the author. Address JOHN W. CROMWELL 1439 Swann St. Washington, D. C . HALE INFIRMARY AND NURSE TRAINING SCHOOL, 325 Lake Street, Montgomery, Ala. Offers to H i g h School graduates a n d young women of higher education and good moral c h a r a c t e r , between the ages of IS and 35, a t h r e e years' course in the p r o f e s s i o n of nursi n g . For further i n f o r m a t i o n apply to the S u p e r i n t e n d e n t e n c l o s i n g a stamp. The Whittaker Memorial Hospital Training School for Nurses Offers a three year course of t r a i n i n g to women who w i s h to enter the n u r s i n g p r o f e s s i o n . F a v o r a b l e app l i c a n t s must be over 18 years of age, of good health, nf good m o r a l c h a r a c t e r a n d must have had two years h i g h school t r a i n i n g or its e q u i v a l e n t. A p p l i c a t i o n blanks w i l l be sent on request. LILLIE A. WYNN, R. N. Superintendent Orcutt Avenue and 29th St., Newport News, Va. A Rare Honor For A Negro Book Single Copy 25c By authority of Congress, our book " A T r i b u t e for the Negro Soldier," written by J . E . Bruce, (Bruce G r i t ) has been made one of the public records. We are pleased to announce its steady sale in a l l parts of the country and in foreign lands. There remains territory for several good agents however. W r i t e for terms to BRUCE and FRANKLIN, Publishers 1309 E. 18th Street Kansas City, Mo. If you want something Unique, I f you want something Inspiring, I f you want something Entertaining You will find it in "The FAVORITE MAGAZINE" A Weekly Survey of the Negro Race Edited by Fenton Johnson T h i s is the first and o n l y w e e k l y magazine our race has ever had. It is edited by one of the foremost poets and w r i t e r s of the race. P r i c e : F i v e cents a copy; by m a i l , ten cents. T w o dollars a year. Foreign, $2.50. NO S T A M P S A C C E P T E D. Agents wanted in every community Offices: 3518 South State Street, Chicago, 111. Branch Office in New York City: Bessie Oliver Miller, N. Y. Manager, Co-operation T h e Co-operative League of America 2 West 13th St., New York p r o m o t e s the knowledge of the h i s t o r y , p r i n c i p l e s , purposes and methods of the Co-operat i v e M o v e m e n t , and the f o r m a t i o n of c o n s u m e r s ' co-operative societies. Membership $1.00 per year. Members receive the " C o - o p e r a t i ve C o n s u m e r " m o n t h l y , and the l i t e r a t u r e of the L e a g u e . A G E N T S WANTED M e n , women and high school s t u d e n t s can coin money s e l l i n g the most b e a u t i f u l p a t r i o t i c p i c t u r es ever made for c o l o r e d people. " C o l o r e d H e r o e s" j u s t published showing our colored soldiers I n a c t i o n in F r a n c e . " C o l o r e d M a n No S l a c k e r" 16 x 20. Five b e a u t i f u l colors. Over 200% p r o f i t . Every Home -wantfe them. Also the m e m o r i a l edition of the " L i f e and W o r k s of B o o k e r T . W a s h i n g t o n . " A D o l l a r s w o r t h of samples for 25tf postage. Huse Sales Co., Atlanta, Ga. Mention T H E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 97 The CRISIS Calendar for 1919 will be a T E R C E N T E N A R Y CALENDAR, commemorating the landing of Negroes at Jamestown, Va., in 1619. The calendar will contain valuable historical information concerning the Negro race in America and every page will carry the face of a Negro child. Price 25 Cents—Ready December, 1st Books for Holiday Gifts did you say? Well here is a very, very, VERY Select List for you. Souls of Black Folk (\V. E . B . D u Bois) $1.25 A Century of Negro M i g r a t i o n (Carter G. W o o d s o n ) 1.10 F i f t y Years and Other Poems (James Weldon Johnson) 1.25 Prince H a l l and H i s Followers (George W. Crawford) 1.00 The Negro (W. E . B . D u B o i s ) 60 Poems of Paul Laurence Dunbar 2.00 Hazel (Mary White Ovington) 1.00 H i s t o r y of the N e g r o (B. G. B r a w l c y ) 1.25 I h e Education of the Negro Prior to 1861 (Carter G. Woodson) 2.00 These prices do not include postage. Postage extra. THE CRISIS 70 Fifth Avenue, New York Something Everybody Needs We are offering three of the biggest bargains of the day i n the line of Christmas cards. Do not f a i l to make your purchase through us. You get your cards retail at Wholesale prices. We place i n every order cards appropriate to send to the Boys at Camp or Abroad. Now is the time to order, i f you want your cards to reach over seas for Christmas. Send stamps or money for the set you desire. Wonderful assortment for 12£. Quality sets at 25 and 50 cents. No like bargains obtainable anywhere. T H E T R U E B L U E C A L E N D AR This picture having become so popular we have responded to many requests by making a beautiful calendar which we will send you for 300. JULIAN R. MILLER, Jr. 1201 SPRUCE S T R E E T PHILADELPHIA " O U R c o l o r e d HEROES" "8th C O L O R E D REGIMENT" " C O L O R E D M A N N O S L A C K E R" Greatest colored patriotic pictures published in America. No colored home complete without these three Beautiful pictures. Latest Official Photograph of the colored Regiment now in France and our Colored Heroes "Over There." Agents selling them by the thousands. Retails at 25c' each. Publishers rates 15, $1.00; 100, $5.00; 500, $22.50; 1,000, $40.00. Samples 25c1 each postpaid. Size of pictures 16 x 20 in. B i g catalog sent Free. H A N Z E L SALES COMPANY Largest Patriotic Picture House 12 Federal Street, Pittsburgh, Pa. NEGRO SOLDIER IN OUR WAR P u b l i s h e d i n J u l y ( n ew b o o k ) . T e l l s a l l a b o u t the w a r ; i t is f a i r to c o l o r e d p e o p l e ; e v e r y o n e b u y s ; a t r e m e n d o u s s e l l e r . P r i c e o n l y $1.95, w i th C O L O R E D M A N N O S L A C K E R , free, or c h o i c e of o t h e r 25c p i c t u r e s ; a g e n ts m a k i n g $7 to $23 p e r d a y . Send 2So q u i c k f o r a g e n t ' s c o m p l e t e outfit. A U S T I N _ J E N K I N S CO.,_ 523 9th St., Washington,"D. C. S P E C I A L O F F E R . A year's subscription to T H E C R I S I S w i l l be given to anyone sending i n at one time five N E W paid-up yearly subscriptions to T HE C R I S I S . The offer holds good until midnight of December 3 1 , 1 0 1 8 . Mention T H E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Roland W. Hayes Phonograph Records Now ready and on sale (Order by Number) No. i . Swing Low, Sweet Chariot.$1.50 Negro Spiritual, by Harry T. Burleigh. No. 2. Vesti La Giubba (Put on Your Smock) $2.00 Arioso from Pagliacci, Orchestral Accompaniment, Leoncavallo. No. 3. Twilight $i-oo By Katherine A. Glen. No. 7. By and By $1.50 By Harry T. Burleigh. AGENTS BOSTON. Mass., A. J. Jackson &amp; Co., 130 Boylston St. BOSTON, Mass.. Harold Whitham. 17S1 Washington St. BOSTON, Mass., Hicks, Laney &amp; Eaton. 79S Tremont St. BOSTON, Mass., It. A. Dinsmore, 1221 Tremont St. ROXBURY, Mass., James Abraham G. Hinton, 86 Humboldt Ave. CAMBRIDGE. Mass.. Mrs. G. W. Kowell. 10 Beal St.. Brookline, Mass. SPRINGFIELD, Mass., J. W. Adams, 150 Eastern Ave. WOBURN. Mass.. Edward Caldwell. 3S8 Main St DETROIT, Mich.. Miss Grace L. May, 253 Woodland Ave. MONTGOMERY, Ala., Wm. G. Porter, 368 Margaret St. TUSKEGEE. Ala., Arthur Logan, Tuskegee Institute. BIRMINGHAM, Ala., Miss E. 0. Wyatt. 1319 Ave nue H. JACKSONVILLE, Fla.. J. M. Robinson, Jr.. 1924 F.ast St. CLEVELAND, Ohio. Andrew M. Stssle. 2388 East 40th St. PORTLAND. Ore., Mrs. E. D. Cannady. 401 Bu chanan Bldg. PHILADELPHIA, Pa„ Mrs. Margaret Corbett, 1941 Bainbridge St KANSAS CITY, Mo., Mervin S. Harris, 845 Everett Ave.. Kansas City, Kan. OKLAHOMA CITY, Okla.. R. S. Jacobson. 224 East 2nd St. SAN FRANCISCO. Cal.. Harry O. Johnson, Security Savings Bank, 316 Montgomery St. OAKLAND. Cal.. Mrs. A M. Smith. 494 Moss Ave. CHARLESTON, S. C , E. B. Lawrence, 470 King St NORFOLK. Va.. Miss B. C. Smith, 822 Avenue A. PITTSBURGH, Pa., Mrs. Chas. H. Trusty, 820 Ana heim St. WASHINGTON. D. C , Dr. C. Sumner Wormley, 997 Florida Ave., N. W. SPRINGFIELD. III., Miss Alice E. Williams. Bo i 131. Chatham, 111. M A D I SO N VI L LE, Ky., J. A. Watson, 117 Main St. LOUISVILLE, Ky.. Mrs. H. W. Jordan, 822 W. Walnut St. LOUISVILLE. Ky., Columbia Phonograph Co. PROVIDENCE, R. I., Miss Fiorina M. Williams, 297 Thayer St, Reliable Agents wanted in cities not represented in this list Roland W . Hayes, Tenor. Recitals, Concerts, Oratorio, Opera, Booking engagements for Continental Tour, Season 1918-1919. For terms, dates, etc please write. Roland W. Hayes 3 Warwick Street BOSTON MASS. The World's Foremost Negro Music Publishers and Composers Pace &amp; Handy Music Co., Inc. Suite 402, 1547 Broadway, New York, N . Y. NEGRO BRAINS!!! NEGRO CAPITAL Under the management of W. C. Handy, the most remarkable musician the race has yet produced. The originator of the BLUES style of composition, on which a new and distinctively AMERICAN MUSIC has been founded. OUR PREVAILING "HITS' The March of All Times, HAIL TO THE SPIRIT OF FREEDOM Nation-wide vocal success A GOOD MAN IS HARD TO FIND, OH DEATH. WHERE IS THY STING? (Comic). BEALE STREET BLUES, SAINT LOUIS BLUES, HOOKING COW BLUES. JOE TURNER BLUES, JOGO BLUES, RINGTAIL BLUES. SALVATION BLUES. SNAKEY BLUES, LONESOME ROAD BLUES. PREPAREDNESS BLUES, NOVELTY SONGS. SWEET CHILD, YELLOW DOG RAG, OLD MISS, SHOEBOOT'S SERENADE, YOU'RE A GARDEN OF BEAUTIFUL FLOWERS, THE GIRL YOU NEVER MET. I'M SO GLAD MY DADDY'S COMING HOME, WAMPUS CAT RAG, NO NAME WALTZ, FUZZY WUZZY RAG. I WANT TO LOVE YOU ALL THE TIME, STRONG AND STEADY SONS OF UNCLE SAM. The N . Y. Clef Club Successes, ALLIES TRIUMPHAL MARCH, THE DANCING BEACON. MAUVOLEYNE WALTZ. The biggest song sensation of the day, THE KAISER'S GOT THE BLUES (He's got the weary Blues). High Class Ballads, (Price 30 cents net) THINKING OF THEE, THE SONG THE SUNNY SOUTHLAND SINGS. WHILE WERE MILES AND MILES APART, DOWN BY THE CHATTAHOOCHEE RIVER, SYMPATHIZING MOON, KEEP THE LOVE TIES BINDING. TILL YOU STOP THE WORLD FROM TURNING. IN THE LAND WHERE COTTON IS KING. OUR LATE MARCH SONG, "YOUNG BLACK JOE." INSPIRED BY THE WONDERFUL ARTICLE BY IRVIN S. COBB IN THE SATURDAY EVENING POST. SEND 15 cents for any one song in this list or 2 for 25 cents. Orchestrations 25 cents each. Band copies 37 cents each. Write for1 our prices on player rolls. For sale at all music dealers and Woolworth. Kresge and Kress Stores, or direct from us. postpaid. PACE &amp; HANDY MUSIC CO., Inc., Suite 402. Gaiety Theatre Bldg., 1547 Broadway, N. Y. City. Mention The Crisis. 99 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER LULA ROBINSON-JONES Soprano Available (or Concert* Telephone 6393 Morningaide 126 W. 134th Street New York City FLORENCE COLE-TALBERT Soprano "She has one of the best voices that God has given her race."-—Los Angeles Times. "Special praise must be given Mrs. Florence a high plane of professional accuracy."—Herman Devries in Chicago American. Engagements accepted for" Concerts, Recitals, Oratorio 659 28th Street, Detroit, Mich. Clarence Cameron White VIOLINIST "Critics are one in then high estimate of the splendid. attainments of Clarence Cameron White and his Con cert appearance in your city means the musical event of the season." For terms and dates address 616 COLUMBUS AVENUE BOSTON, MASS. JOSEPHINE JUNIUS CONTRALTO "Miss Junius is the possessor of a contralto voice, lovely in quality, which she uses artistically."—Oscar Saenger. AVAILABLE FOR CONCERTS 202 W . 140th Street New York City. CLEOTA COLLINS LYRI C SOPRANO "Miss Collins possesses a voice of wonderful quality which she manages with admirable taste and skill. Her personal charm and beauty enhanced the pleasure enjoyed from the really excellent program presented. The audience of music lovers in attendance were enthusiastic in their appreciation of the talented young lady."—Newark Dally News. ENGAGEMENTS ACCEPTED 103 W . 143d St. New York City. BUSTS OF Booker T. Washington, Fred Douglass. Paul Lawrence Dunbar, Bishop Richard Alien. $1.50 each. The 4 busts for $5.00. Agents wanted. Seod at ooce. THE ISAAC HATHAWAY ART CO. 71S S. HICKORY ST., PINE BLUFF, ARK. Mention By refined, intelligent. Christian young WANTED woman; graduate of a well-known Northern College; with four years' experience in a first-class school, a position as teacher of literary work with pleasant surround ings, Can furnish references. Address A. B. in care of TH E CRISIS, 70 Fifth Avenue, New York. AGENTS $60 WEEKLY Robinson Folding Bath Tub. Big seller. Costsno plumbing, little water. Weighs15 pounds, folds into small roll. Full Length baths, Talbert who beside her natural gift has already reached far better than tin tubs. Gauranteed 10 years. $10 a day easily paid. Write for a free tub offer. Robinson Cabinet MFB. CO 4877 Castortas Bldg. Toledo, Ohio Patents secured on easy terms Write for particular!. JOS. H . STEWART , Attorney-at-Law, 494 Louisiana Ave., N.W., Washington, D. C. Mn . M. Watson Rudd, 154 "West 131st St. New York City has placed upon the market her new ROSE NINON NUFEET POWDER. It is especially recommended for soldiers, clerks, rail road and factory employees, dancers and all persons who are required to stand or walk to any extent. Agents Wanted—Write for particulars. HOTEL WASHINGTON First-Class Service for First-Class People 3427 South Park Avenue, Chicago, 111. SPEND YOUR VACATION AT Beautiful Id lew id The most wonderfully Ideal spot where young and old cast aside for the time all the cares and worries of their strenuous, nerve racking routine lives and romp and play once more as children and enjoy to the full nature In all her wondrous glory. The waters of the lake and surrounding trout streams are fairly teeming with game dsn of the best varieties. Do yon enjoy bathing, boating, fishing, hunting? Do you enjoy roaming through tbe woods picking wild flowers and wild berries T Do you want a place to go where you can build up your health, vitality, energy and business efficiency? Do you enjoy mingling with the active, thinking, / progressive people of the day—people who do things? ' Do you believe In progress and do you want to / have a part Id one of the most progressive move-* ments of tbe time? Surelyl f Then you will be Interested In. and want to / own a lot of your own In Beautiful Idlewlld, / Michigan. If you act at once you can se-* cure a beautiful lot for only $24.50 each; / $6.00 cash; $1.00 per week When your payments are completed the lot will be transferred to you by an absolute warranty deed with abstract showing clear title. Good live energetic agents wanted Idlewild Resort Company 1110 Hartford Bldg So. Dearborn St. Cblcaia, ID. 4 The Crisis. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER LARGEST MAIL ORDER HOUSE OF REAL HUMAN HAIR Hand-Made Natural Hair. Wigs Transformations, Switches, Puffs, Plaits, Bangs, Coronet Braids, Hair Nets, that can be combed the same as your own hair. Human hair for sale by ounce or pound. Hair nets. A Real Hair Grower Found at Last Mme. Baum's Well- Known Hair Success Per Jar, 35c and 50c. Mme. Baum's Cold HAIRDRESSERS' TOOLS. Cream, for Cleansing WEAVING FRAMES,HACKLERSMOUNTIN the Skin CHINES, CARDS, BLOCKS. 50c MME. WALKER'S TOILET PREPARATIONS Mme. Baum's Famous Mme. B a u m's Shampoo for CleansFace Powder ; ing the Hair; per box, per box 50c 35c Mme.Baum's Hair Emporium, Inc. P. O. Box 145, Penn Terminal Station NEW YORK CITY Send three cents for our new catalogue Mention THE CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 101 AGENTS MAKE BIG MONEY Kashmir Preparations for Hair and Skin are the fastestsellingarticle the market Because: They've got the quality They are put up in handsome, attractive jars They win re-orders. Everyone who uses Kashmir buys again and tells other friends about it. We make our agents such a big liberal money making offer. 100% Special offer including KASHMIR AGENT'S DISPLAY CASE Kashmir Chemical Co. Write for it today. Dept. C. 312 S. Clark St. CHICAGO, ILL. We want a representative in every town to teach Kash mir Health and Beauty Courses. We will show you how Barnett Advertising Service. to earn a big salary. WE ARE NOW GIVING THE COURSE BY CORRESPONDENCE Special price for sixty days only $15.00, payable $10.00 with application and $5.00 when diploma is granted. Send $1.00 for thirty days' trial treatment. We teach only one person in a town, she teaches the rest. Our graduated agents are making money. DERMO COLLEGE CO. 4118 S. State St. Chicago. 111. // It Is For Your Lodge WE HAVE IT! We manufacture Lodge Regalia for every Fraternal Society. Cash or Installment Plan. Cheapest Badge House in the Country. Catalogue for your Society FRBE . CENTRAL REGALIA CO. The Negro Regalia House. JOS. L.JONES. Pr««, N. E. Cor. 8th &amp; Plum Cincinnati Ohio Mention THE CRISIS 102 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Your Gold Tooth Polished Your White Teeth Bleached By Using Dr. WELTERS' Antiseptic - T O O T H POWDER Absolutely Free F r om Grit and Ash And Prevents Decay !* Ask your druggist. If he hasn't got it, ask him to order it for you. Send 27 Cents i n Stamps for a full size package. The E . A. Welters' Tooth Powder Co., Inc. 410 BROAD ST. JACKSONVILLE, FLA. Agents and Distributors Wanted The Largest and Only Tooth Powder Manufacturing Corporation Owned and Controlled by Negroes in the United Slates DOLLS DOLLS Colored Dolls of Distinction. Red Cross Nurse f u l l y dressed, dark hair, natural brown color, 18 inches, Send postpaid for $3,00, Soldier boy, f u l l uniform, 18 inches. Sent postpaid for $2.50. Large undressed dolls at special prices. B e a u t i f u l pictures for the home at 25# each or 5 for $1.00. Special prices to agents. O T I S H . G A D S D E N Room 416 5 B e e k m a n St., N ew Y o r k City A request from a trooper of a British West Indies Regiment in the danger zone, somewhere i n Palestine, Egypt, for 100 copies of " T H E MUSIC MASTER" {Only colored music magazine in the world) received and same shipped November 1st. $1.00 a year, 10 cents a copy. "Wellington A. Adams, Publisher, 1911 N i n t h Street, Northwest, Washington, D. C. Telephone, Baring 7794 I S A D O R E M A R T I, Real Estate and Insurance Notary Public Mortgages 6 North 42nd Street, Philadelphia, Pa. Telephone*: central 1 0 4 -W ( Main 61 HARRY E. DAVIS A T T O R N E Y - A T - L A W NOTARY PUBLIC 1607 Williamson Building Cleveland. Ohio General Practice Notary Public W I L L I AM R. MORRIS A T T O R N E Y A N D C O U M S I X L O » - A T - L AW 818 Metropolitan Life Building Minneapolis Mil B R O W N S. SMITH A T T O R N E Y - A T - L AW Office: Suite 802 Syke* Block Near Third and Hennepin Minneapolis Minn. T d . M J T T i H HUT Cable Address, Epbcn EDGAR P. BENJAMIN ATTORNEY and Counsellor-At-Law 14 Scaool Street Boston, Mass Telephone Connection W. Ashbie Hawkins George W... HAWKINS and McMECHEN ATTORNEYS-AT-LAW 21 Eaat Saratoga Street Baltimore, Md. Mention THE CRISIS Inform yourself as to the exodus of the negroes By Reading Dr. Carter G. Woodson's A Century of Negro Migration 220 Pages Price $1.10 This book is unique in that it is the first and only scientific treatise in this field. It undertakes to explain why the Negroes have migrated, where they have gone and what they have done. Agents wanted everywhere Send all orders to the author 1216 You Street, N. W. Washington, D. C. BOOKS BY PROFESSOR KELLY MILLER 1. An Appeal to Conscience (just off the press—Macmillan)...... $ .60 2. Race Adjustment (publishers' price, $2)....................... 1.50 3. Out of the House of Bondage (publishers' price, $1.50) ........ 1.25 4. The Three Books Listed Above (publishers' price, $4.10)....... 3.00 5. The Disgrace of Democracy 100,000 copies already distributed, the largest circulation of any single self-paying document ever issued on the race problem—10c the copy. Agents wanted everywhere — Rate to Agents — 5c the copy Add 10% for postage to all orders. Remittance invariably in advance. Address KELLY MILLER, Howard University, Washington, D. C. KASHMIR PREPARATIONS FOR HAIR AND SKIN The boys over there use KASHMIR. Are you a Kashmir Boy? The girls over here love KASHMIR. Are you a Kashmir Girl? Baby likes KASHMIR, too! FREE FREE The famous Kashmir Beauty Book (new edition) tells all about the Kashmir Way and the 10 wonderful Kashmir preparations. Send 25 names and addresses of your friends with your order and receive full-size box of Kashmir Cream Powder (any shade). Kashmir Skin Cleanser 50 cents Postage Kashmir Hair Grower 50 cents 8 cents KASHMIR CHEMICAL CO., 312 S. Clark St., Chicago, Ill. Dept. K.