The Crisis . The CRISIS Vol. 8—No. 3 JULY, 1914 Whole No. 45 COMMENCEMENT TEN CENTS A COPY ONE DOLLAR A YEAR HAZEL The Story of a Little Colored Girl By MARY WHITE OVINGTON PRESS COMMENTS From " The Brooklyn Eagle ", Brooklyn, N. Y. Miss Ovington here reveals a gift by no means common—the gift of writing in a style that will appeal to the child mind, a style that is clear, direct and picturesque. Any child, regardless of race or color, would lie interested in the little hook, and many a grown-up would find the hour spent in its perusal one of entertainment and refreshment. From "The Four Seas", Boston, Mass. A good child's story is the hardest to write, because most authors of juvenile books think that being silly is the correct method of writing a child's story. "HAZEL" is a book which every sane-minded person of larger growth will read with pleasure and because its heroine arouses a feeling of sympathy, every reader will be better disposed toward the colored people. This book ought to endure as long as "Alice in Wonderland," for it is the best child's story written since Selma Lagerhof's "Adventures of Nils." From "The Amsterdam News", New York City. "HAZEL" is a story of juveniles for juveniles that is certainly good enough for the grown-up, who, in the rush of growing up, has not lost all memories of that delightful period . . . The story is full of pathos and tenderness and is informing to boot, and is good reading for both races. Price $1.00, net. From " The Springfield Republican", Springfield, Mass. The genius and sympathy of women has had much, thus far, to do with the lightening of the black man's burden,— beginning with Harriet Martineau and Mrs. Stowe, and much remains for them to do. Mrs. Howe had her share in the "Battle Hymn" and many women since have lent a hand or lifted a voice. Mary White Ovington who writes this volume . . . has a closer and clearer view of the character of colored citizens and their children, North and South, than Mrs. Stowe had of the slaves whose chains she helped to break, and she writes with less energy, but she produces the result aimed at, in the mind of the comparative few who will read her book. If it could be read and appreciated by Speaker Clarke and the women of the South their views on "segregation" would be modified. From "The Living Church", New York. The novelty of a story in regard to colored children and intended for colored children is at hand in "HAZEL " by Mary White Ovington, author of Half a Man. It is no "story with a purpose" nor docs it purport to raise, much less to solve, a problem ; yet if any one can read it and not have the awful pathos of the life of our colored people bear down upon him anew as a terrible burden which we Americans must bear, he must be less than human. If we only understood! Postage extra. THE CRISIS PUBLISHING COMPANY 70 FIFTH AVENUE NEW YORK CITY THE CRISIS A RECORD OF THE DARKER RACES PUBLISHED BY THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE, AT 70 FIFTH AVENUE. NEW YORK CITY Conducted by W. E. BURGHARDT DU BOIS AUGUSTUS GRANVILLE DILL, Business Manager Contents Copyrighted, 1914, by the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People Contents for July, 1914 PICTURES COVER. Original Drawing. By John Henry Adams. Pase A MISSIONARY OF EDUCATION AND HIS LAST CLASS 130 PORTRAITS OF SIXTY-ONE RANKING COLORED GRADUATES. 129 ARTICLES COLLEGES AND THEIR GRADUATES IN 1914 129 A YEAR'S WORK: Reports of The National Association for the Advancement of Colored People at the Baltimore Meeting 140 MY HOUSE AND A GLIMPSE OF MY LIFE THEREIN. A Story. By Jessie Fauset 143 DEPARTMENTS ALONG THE COLOR LINE 111 MEN OF THE MONTH 117 OPINION 119 EDITORIAL 125 TH E BURDEN 145 TEN CENTS A COPY; ONE DOLLAR A YEAR FOREIGN SUBSCRIPTIONS TWENTY-FIVE CENTS EXTRA RENEWALS: When a subscription blank is attached to this page a renewal of your subscription is desired. The date of the expiration of your subscription will be found on the wrapper. CHANGE OF ADDRESS: The address of a subscriber can be changed as often as desired. In ordering a change of address, both the old and the new address must be given. Two weeks' notice is required. MANUSCRIPTS and drawings relating to colored people are desired. They must be accompanied by return postage. If found unavailable they will be returned. Entered as Second-class Matter in the Post Office at New York, N. Y. Atlanta University Is beautifully located in the City of Atlanta, Ga. The courses of study include High School, Normal School and College, with manual training and domestic science. Among the teachers are graduates of Yale. Harvard. Dartmouth and Wellesley. Forty-five years of successful work have been completed. Students come from all parts of the South. Graduates are almost universally successful. For further information address President EDWARD T. WARE ATLANTA, GA. Knoxville College Beautiful Situation. Healthful Location. The Best Moral and Spiritual Environment. A Splendid Intellectual Atmosphere. Noted for Honest and Thorough Work. Offers full courses in the following departments: College, Normal, High School, Grammar School and Industrial. Good water, steam heat, electric lights, good drainage. Expenses very reasonable. Opportunity for self-help. Fall Term Begins September, 1914. For information address President R. W. McGRANAHAN KNOXVILLL, TENN. The fifteenth annual session of the State Summer School tor Colored Teachers of both sexes at the Agricultural and Mechanical College GREENSBORO, N. C. will begin June 29, 1914. and continue five weeks. In addition to the regular work, an attractive lecture course has been arranged, in which will appear some of the most distinguished white and colored educators in the country. Board and lodging for the entire session, $12; tuition 25 cents per subject, unless other arrangements have been made. Limited accommodations. Send $1 and have room reserved in advance. For further information write at once to JAMES	 B. DUDLEY. President, or D. J. JORDAN. Director. A. &amp; M . College. Greensboro. N . C. Mention LINCOLN INSTITUTE Jefferson City, Missouri Founded by the Negro soldiers of the 64th and 65th Regiments. _ Supported by the State of Missouri. One of the best-equipped schools in the country for the education of Negro boys and girls. Normal. Collegiate, Agricultural and Industrial Courses. Normal diplomas carrying with them the degree B. Pd. are life certificates to teach in the public schools of Missouri. The degree A. B. conferred upon those who complete the collegiate course. Four teachers of Music: Voice Culture, Piano, Violin, Band and Orchestra Practice. Elocution, Athletics, Drawing and Art. Board $9.50 a month. Tuition $3.00 the year to Missouri students. Al l others pay $13.00 a year. Catalog free. B.	 F. ALLEN. A. M„ L.I. D. President MOREHOUSE COLLEGE (Formerly Atlanta Baptist College) ATLANTA, GA. College, Academy, Divinity School A n institution famous within recent years for its emphasis on all sides of manly development—the only institution in the far South devoted solely to the education of Negro young men. Graduates given high ranking by greatest Northern universities. Debating, Y . M . C. A., athletics, all live features. For information address TOHN HOPE, President. ST. MARY'S SCHOOL A n Episcopal boarding and day school for girls, under the direction of the Sisters of St. Mary. Address. THE SISTER-IN-CHARGE 611 N . 43d St. W . Philadelphia, Pa. FISK UNIVERSITY NASHVILLE, TENN. Founded	 1866 C. W . MORROW, Dean Thorough Literary, Scientific, Educational and Social Science Courses. Pioneer in Negro music. Special study in Negro history. Ideal and sanitary buildings and grounds. Well-equipped Science building. Christian home life. High standards of independent manhood and womanhood. TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER The National Religious Training School "I cordially commend the school's interest and needs to all who believe in the Negro race and in our obligation to help promote its intellectual, moral and religious uplift." —REV. DR. CHARLES H. PARKHURST, New York City. IT IS MORE THAN A MERE SCHOOL IT IS A COMMUNITY OF SERVICE AND UPLIFT Its influence is destined to be felt in all sections of the country in improved Negro community life wherever our trained workers locate. Settlement workers, missionaries for home and foreign mission fields, Y . M . C. A. and Y . W . C. A . secretaries and district nurses receive a comprehensive grasp of their studies under a Wellesley graduate and experienced co-workers and actual every-day practice through the school's SOCIAL SERVICE DEPARTMENT. We aim also to create a better qualified ministry. Industrial training, advanced literary branches, business school. Thirty-two acres; ten modern buildings; healthful location. We can accommodate a few more earnest, ambitious students. Communities requiring social workers should write us. For catalog and detailed information address: PRESIDENT JAMES E. SHEPARD National Religious Training School Durham, N . C. The school has no endowment fund and must raise a yearly maintenance fund of $15,000 for running expenses. Won't you help us this year? The Cheyney Training School for Teachers CHEYNEY, PENNSYLVANIA Under the management of the Society of Friends. Beautifully located, healthful, well appointed, and within easy reach of a great variety of educational institutions, public and private, extending from West Chester to Philadelphia; representing a wide range of educational problems and practice. This school offers to young colored men and women who have a reasonable secondary school preparation, and who earnestly desire to become teachers, carefully graded courses in academic work, domestic science, domestic art, manual crafts and agriculture. For teachers of experience and intending teachers it offers also a six weeks' summer-school course, extending from July 1 to August 12. Tuition is free. Board, lodging, heat, light and laundry privileges are offered for nine months for $100. The charge for the same during the summer-school course is $15. Write for particulars to LESLIE PINCKNEY HILL, Principal Mention TH E CRISIS Morgan College and Branches JOHN O. SPENCER. President MORGAN COLLEGE. Baltimore. Md. LOCATION": Central in great college town between North and South. COURSES : Preparatory. Normal, Music. Advanced Education. Collegiate. Appropriate Degrees. INSTRUCTORS : College and University trained. Seven Colleges and Universities represented in Faculty. DORMITORIES : For a limited number, furnished. TERMS : Very reasonable. DEAN": Rev. "Charles Edmund Young. D. D. PRINCESS ANNE ACADEMY. Princess Anne, Md. (The Eastern branch of the Maryland Agricultural College.) LOCATION : The famous .eastern shore of Maryland, Somerset County. COURSES : Preparatory, Normal. Industrial, Do mestic Science. Music. INSTRUCTORS : Collegiate and Technically trained. DORMITORIES : Carefully supervised, furnished. TERMS : Free tuition: other expenses moderate. PRINCIPAL: Rev. Thomas H. Kiah. A. B. VIRGINIA COLLEGIATE and INDUSTRIAL IN STITUTE. Lynchburg, Ya. LOCATION : On beautiful hill, suburb of growing city. COURSES : Preparatory, Normal, Domestic Science. Gardening, Music. INSTRUCTORS : College trained: carefully selected. DORMITORIES: Furnished: steam heat; accom modations for 50 girls: carefully supervised. TERMS : Within the reach of all. PRINCIPAL: Frank Trice. A. M. ALL SCHOOLS OPEN SEPTEMBER 1914. RELIABLE, LIVE, RESPONSIBLE ME N who can sell real estate can MAKE MORE than $200 PER MONTH acting as AGENTS for the sale of our properties in MUSKOGEE and TAFT. OKLAHOMA. The real coming country where there are opportunities and openings for all. Write us to-day. • giving your age and experience, and we will offer YOU a" FIXE PROPOSITION WHICH WILL MAKE YOU MOXEY. Address REEVES REALTY CO. Department C 217 FLVNN-AMES BLDG. MUSKOGEE. OKLA. WW Agents for THE CRISIS. Dignified work. Address : 70 Fifth Avenue. New York. OF INTEREST TO VOCAL STUDENTS TONE-PLACING AND VOICE - DEVELOPMENT Points explained, vii.: Breath in Singing, Trying the Voice, the Soprano, the Mezzo-Soprano, the Contralto. Tenor Leggiero or High Tenor, the Baritone, the Bass, Parts of the Vocal Apparatus, the Mouth, the Tongue, Position when Practising. Position when Singing, H."&gt;w to Practice, Good Rules for Singing. Comment from the world-renowned conductor of the Paulist Choir of Chicago, 111., whose choir has just received the first prize awarded at the Singing Contest held in Paris, on May 25, 1912: "Dear Mr. Tinsley: "I take great pleasure in commending your very useful and succinctly written book on 'Tone-Placing and Voice-Development.' Your own appreciation of the psychology of singing and the fundamental principles of the art you have cleverly reduced to a simple system. Cordially yours. "Father WILLIAM J. FINN, C. S. P., Director Paulist Choristers of Chicago." From "Musical Courier," X . Y. : " A very* practical little book is Tone-Placing and Voice-Development,' by Pedro T. Tinsley. It contains some very excellent material and vocal exercises, and should be in the hands of all vocal students." From "Music N'ews," Chicago. HI.: "Accordingly his 'Practical Method of Singing' is a most concise and practical little manual, containing many valuable vocal exercises. It cannot fail to be helpful to all ambitious vocal students." HELPED HIM GREATLY "Since I practised your exercises of 'Tone-Placing and Voice-Development* my voice is more resonant than it has been for years. It seems to me that I am getting a new voice." Prof. John T. Layton, Director Coleridge-Taylor Musical Society, 1722 10th St., X. W., Washington, D. C PRICE SI.00 Address the publisher: Pedro T. Tinsley, 6445 Drexel Ave., Chicago, 111.; or Clayton F. Summy, 64 E. Van Buren St., or Lyon &amp; Healy, Adams and Wabash Ave., Chicago, I1L ANNOUNCEMENT We desire intelligent persons to act as our local distributors in communities where we are not already represented. Would be pleased to hear from students and teachers during vacation, or any reliable person able to furnish best references. Salary ?9 a week. SOUTHERN" DISTRIBUTORS COMPANY Odd Fellows Auditorium Atlanta, Ga. 'Trade Mark1 ANY SPARE TIME? WHY NOT TURN IT INTO MONEY? Our agents are making $10.00 per day and more, selling our new Negro picture. "A Joyful Welcome Into Heaven." the finest picture ever produced with the Negro as a subject. Pleasant agreeable work. Sells at sight! Write today for particulars, or send 15 cents stamps or coin for 50 cent sample and agent's terms. Money back if not satisfied at first glance! The Douglas Specialties Co. Department K 3548 Vernon Avenue, :: Chicago, 111. Mention TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS Vol. 8-No. 3 JULY, 1914 Whole No. 45 ALONG THE COLOR LINE MUSIC AND ART THE Paris edition of the Herald reports the following concerning the young American artist of color: "Mr. Robert Hemmings, of Boston, has had his painting, 'Les Deux Soeurs,' accepted at the Salon of the Societe des Artistes Francais. Mr. Hemmings recently received a bronze medal for his water-colors at the exhibition at Ivry. t\ A n exhibition of sculpture by the artist, Mrs. Meta Vaux Warrick-Fuller, was held May 17-22, at her home in South Framing-ton, Mass. The exhibition consisted of twenty-nine pieces of great variety, and was viewed by people of distinction who came from Boston, Worcester and other nearby towns. The Framington Evening News states: "Mrs. Meta Vaux Warrick-Fuller's work is coming to be recognized in artistic circles as bearing the true stamp of genius. Mrs. Fuller is very modest about tier work but she is full of enthusiasm and the 'divine fire,' and not the least pleasing part of the occasion was the privilege of meeting the artist herself." The reviewer speaks in detail of the collection, and lays stress on the ability of Mrs. Fuller to portray action, motion and life. Among the relief portraits is that of the composer, S. Coleridge-Taylor, and "The Pianist" after Mrs. Maud Cuney Hare. A bust of Dr. Fuller and one of the elder children are wonderfully life-like. The model of the group made for the New York Emancipation Proclamation Commission in 1913 caused much interesting comment and praise. conducted by the famous distinguished musician, Dr. Horatio Parker, of Yale University, held its third private concert at the Academy of Music on the 25th of April. The club was assisted by Mrs. Logan Feland, soprano, and Mr. Ellis Clark Hamman, pianist. Numbered on the excellent and varied program of modern compositions were, " A Viking Song" by Coleridge-Taylor, and "Swing Along" by Will Marion Cook, while Mrs. Feland sang, as an encore, "The Birth of Dawn," the words of which are by Paul Lawrence Dunbar. Honorary members of the club are David Bispham, Dr. Frank Damrosch, Dr. George W. Chadwick and Dr. William W. Gilchrist. &lt;J The Morning Choral Club, the leading choral society composed of white women of St. Louis, Mo., gave, at their last concert of the season, "She Dwells by Great Kenhawa's Side" by Coleridge-Taylor. "Eleanore," a song by the same composer, was recently sung by the well-known Irish tenor, Mr. John McCorinack, at his recital at the Academy of Music in Philadelphia, tj At a recent Sunday service in Weightman Hall, of the University of Pennsylvania, the program was composed entirely of music from the works of Harry T. Burleigh, R. N . Dett and Coleridge-Taylor. C| Mr. T. Theodore Taylor, pianist, gave a recital at the Institutional Church, Chicago, 111., assisted by Mrs. M . Bradus Anderson, soprano, and Mr. Harrison Emmanuel, violinist. Mr. Taylor's program consisted of numbers by Mozart, Chopin, Grieg, Debussy, Schumann and Beethoven. ^ The Orpheus Club of Philadelphia, Pa., 112 THE CJ On May 14, at the Mosaic Temple Theatre, Little Rock, Ark., the Music Department of the Arkansas Baptist College, one of the most progressive institutions of the South, gave an interesting performance of " A Nautical Knot," an operetta by William Rys-Herbert. under the direction of Miss Mattie A. Booker. Both the singing and acting were of unusual excellence. CJ The exercises of commencement week at Wiley University. Marshall, Tex., began on May 1st with a Pianoforte Recital by Miss Helen Dean Littlejohn, graduate of both the piano and college departments, assisted by Miss Cynthia Holmes, soprano, and Miss Vera Hunt at the second piano. The Wiley Music Department, which is one of the best in the Southwest, has 115 pupils enrolled and five teachers who represent Fisk University, Oberlin Conservatory and the New England Conservatory of Boston. CJ "The Freedom Ring," a picture of slave days by Eastmon Johnson, brought $750, the highest price of the evening at a sale in the American Art Galleries in New York recently. It is a picture of ''Little Pinky," the slave child of a white father, whom Henry Ward Beecher sold into freedom in his church in 1S60. In the contribution was a valuable ring, the gift of Rose Terry Cooke, which Mr. Beecher placed on the child's finder. The picture shows the child sitting before an open chest gazing at the ring. CJ Miss Blanche Esther Williams, soprano, presenting compositions by colored composers, was the soloist at the fifth annual Star Concert of St. Augustine's Episcopal Church at Harrisburg, Pa. Miss Williams was assisted by the Tuskegee quartette and Mr. Wood, reader. Miss E. Vivien Williams was the accompanist. CJ A capacity house greeted the musicians of color who presented the municipal concert program at Montclair, N . J., at the Hillside Auditorium on May 18. The concert was one of a series of national programs. Augustus Granville Dill was the pianist for the occasion and played from the works of Coleridge-Taylor. CJ On May 3rd, under the leadership of Miss Wilhelmina B. Patterson, the Prairie View Normal Chorus, composed of one hundred singers, from the Prairie View State Normal Institute, gave the last municipal entertainment of the season at the city auditorium, Houston, Tex., before a mixed audience of over 5,000 people. With but few CRISIS exceptions, the songs were Negro Spirituals and, by special request, typical American Negro songs by the older American School of white composers. CJ The Hampton Choral Union, composed of the colored church choirs in Hampton and under the direction of Mr. R. Nathaniel Dett, presented Mr. Harry T. Burleigh, baritone, at Hampton on May 20. In addition to the large student body, one thousand people greeted this well-known singer. CJ The Clef Club Symphony Orchestra and Glee Club of New York, composed of 145 members with Daniel Kildare as President and James T. Brymn as conductor, gave the fourth anniversary concert on June 4. The club was assisted by Miss Abbie Mitchell, Tom Fletcher and Harvey White. Carlos Sebastian, a society dancer, who is now at the Jardin de Danse. appeared. CJ Kemper Harreld, violinist, who has charge of the Music Department of Morehouse College in Atlanta, Ga., sailed with Mrs. Harreld on June 4 for Berlin, where he will study during the summer. PERSONAL. PROF. HELEN C. MORGAN, for forty years a teacher at Fisk University, Nashville. Tenn.. died on May 21. About five years ago she was retired on the Carnegie Foundation for the Advancement of Teaching. CJ Yolande Du Bois was graduated from the grammar department of the Ethical Culture School, New Y'ork City, in June. Accompanied by her mother, Mrs. W. E. B. Du Bois, she will sail for England in August where she will enter Bedale's School, Peters-field. Hampshire. CJ Benjamin T. Coard, a colored farmer of Accomac. Va.. who died in February, was born in slavery. His first wages were fifty cents per day and at his death he left property valued at $50,000. CJ Mrs. Francis Jane Brown, the mother of Miss Hallie Q. Brown, of Wilberforee, died on April 24 at her home in Xenia, O. She was ninety-five years old. DRAMA. BERT WILLIAMS is playing in Zieg feld's Follies of 1914, which have recently opened on Broadway in New York City for the summer. During the winter he has been playing in vaudeville and posing for moving pictures with great success. ALONG THE COLOR LINE &lt;I J. Leubrie Hill's Darktown Follies played at Hammerstein's Theatre in New York the first week in June. The original two-hour play, "M y Friend from Kentucky," in which the company played to immense audiences at the Lafayette Theatre in New York, was cut to a forty-minute sketch and, unfortunately, suffered in the cutting For this reason, the "Follies," which, it was expected, would remain at Hammerstein's for a long run, played there only one week. It will now go to the Bijou Theatre, on Broadway, q "The Smart Set" with S. Tutt Whitney drew good audiences at its recent two weeks' run at the Lafayette Theatre, New York, which ended June 7. The first week the company played a two-act sketch, "The First Mr . President," and the second week appeared in "The Mayor of Newton." Beginning June 8 the program at the Lafayette, which is again partly under colored management, will consist of vaudeville and moving pictures. &lt;J The Unique Theatre of Detroit, which was formerly in the hands of a white man, has been purchased for the sum of $6,000 by E. J. Johnson, a colored man, and will be managed by another colored man, J. W. Hamilton. SOCIAL UPLIFT. HOWARD UNIVERSITY, Washington, D. C , was represented in the College Women's Section of the Suffrage parade in Washington, D. C, on May 9, by eight girls, as large a delegation as any University had. In contrast to the courteous treatment received by these girls was that accorded the colored suffragists in Philadelphia who, as a matter of discrimination, it is said, were compelled, to march with the Socialists. C][ Miss Mary Parker, a colored girl, in the recent Field Day sports of Simmons College, Boston, broke the college record for the running broad jump and equalled the record for the standing broad jump. t$ Plans for a state home for incorrigible colored girls in Jefferson City, Mo., have been approved. The estimated cost of the home is $89,000. &lt;J A n industrial home for girls and a children's nursery, promoted by Mrs. Annie M . Brooks, is expected to be ready for use soon in Newport News, Va. C| Colored men of New Haven, Conn., are attempting to raise $50,000 for a Y. M. C. A. building. «I The Women's League for Moral Uplift, an organization of colored women in Philadelphia, has signed a petition asking for the abolition of "Ladies' Entrances" to saloons and also that saloons be moved from the neighborhood of schools. •J For the first time colored nurses have been placed in responsible positions as attendants in the state hospitals of Kansas. &lt;I At the graduation exercises of the Children's Choirs of the Presbyterian and Methodist churches in Clinton, N . J., five of the thirteen prize-winners were colored children. There are only six colored pupils in the sixty pupils comprising these choirs. *I A . Vidal, a colored man, crippled in one hand, rescued an eight-year-old white child at New Iberia, La., from drowning. &lt;][ Among the six winners of the State High School Track Meet at Crawfordsville, Ind., from the Washington High School, two colored students won eleven of the eighteen points made. &lt;J The Capital City Directory, a hand book of the religious, social, fraternal and other activities of the colored people of Nashville, Tenn., has been published by the National Baptist Publishing Board. &lt;I Colored women of Princeton, N . J., are planning the erection of a tablet to the memory of Oliver Cromwell, a Negro who fought in the war of the Revolution. He fought in the battles of Trenton, Princeton, and Monmouth and his discharge was written in General Washington's handwriting. He died in 1853. (J The colored department of the General Hospital Training School for Nurses in Kansas City, Mo., held its fifth commencement on May 25. There were three graduates. &lt;J The athletes of German East Africa are said to be able to jump over a bar eight feet, five inches high winch is one foot, eleven and three-eighths inches higher than the world's record for the high jump. &lt;J The Reverend C. D. Hubert's congregation at Rochester, N. Y., which was but recently a Baptist mission, has finished paying $8,000 for a lot and the building of the Sunday School room of its new church. The Reverend Hubert was the first Negro graduate of Rochester Theological Seminary. He was president of the class of 1912. *I Dr. E. P. Roberts, of New York, has established a scholarship at Tuskegee Institute for a worthy student and a prize of $10 for 114 THE the student who makes the greatest progress in the physical culture classes, q Plans for establishing a Y. M. C. A. for colored men in Rochester, N. Y., are on foot. CJ The alumni body of Lincoln University has dedicated a scholarship of $3,000 to be known as the I. X . Rendall Memorial Scholarship. Q Among the five indictments returned by the Grand Jury of Louisiana against Bush Jarratt, a white special officer in Skreveport, was one for shooting at and assault with a dangerous weapon upon William Stewart, a Negro. &lt;J Twenty colored men. none more than twenty years of age, landed with the bat CRISIS q The State and Tri-State Medical Association of Tennessee, Georgia and Alabama met in Atlanta, Ga., May 12-14. &lt;J The quadrennial session of the General Conference of the Methodist Episcopal Church convened in St. Louis, Mo., in May. A committee was appointed to decide upon the place to establish the C. M . E . Publishing House, which is to be moved from Jackson, Tenn. Two new bishops were elected, A. R. Carter for the Arkansas and Texas Conference and J. C. Cleaves for the Mississippi and Alabama Conference. Bishop Isaiah Lane, the founder of Lane College in Jackson, Tenn., was retired at his request. Bishop George W. Stewart was found guilty COLORED BLUE JACKETS AT VERA CRUZ. talion of Blue Jackets from the United States warships and fought unceasingly at the recent taking of Vera Cruz. There are few colored men with the ships' fighting forces at present but each of five warships landed at least four men and held others as substitutes in cases of emergency. These men continued on shore after the fighting was over preserving order. One was slightly injured,droppedheat and  but outscarcity of neither he nor notwithstanding water.  the the others  intense MEETINGS. THE annual meeting of the Negro Press Association will take place in Muskogee, Okla., during the month of August, of misappropriation of funds and deposed. &lt;J The colored Alabama Medical, Dental and Pharmaceutical Association met in its annual session at Decatur, Ala., May 11 and 12. The North Carolina Association will meet in Raleigh August 25-27. *J The commencement exercises of Atlanta University, Atlanta, Ga., took place May 21 27. On May 2.5 the Nineteenth Annual Conference discussed "The Negro and Crime." At the morning session Mr. L. M . Hershaw, of Washington, D. C, and Mr. Philip Weltner, Secretary of the Prison Association of Georgia, spoke on "Prevention." In the afternoon came the annual Mothers' Meeting and exhibition of the Gate City Free Kindergarten Association and at the evening ALONG THE COLOR LINE session Judge W . W . Tindall, of Atlanta, spoke on "Juvenile Courts," and Mr. G. W. Moore, of Morehouse College, spoke on "Probation." May 26 was alumni day and $870 was contributed by graduates. Rev. George L. Paine, of New Haven, was the commencement speaker. CJ The Southwest Virginia Conference of Negro workers met at Christiansburg Industrial Institute on May 20. CJ Two hundred students received diplomas at Tuskegee's commencement. Practical demonstrations of the industrial work were given at the commencement exercises. Con siderable donations were made to the school by the alumni. CJ The annual meeting of the Women's State Baptist Convention, of which Miss A . L. Waytis is organizer and president, met in Boston from May 28 to 31. CJ The annual meeting of the Colored North Carolina Teachers' Assembly will be held June 10-14 at Shaw University, Raleigh. CJ A n efficiency and welfare congress at which matters of interest to ministers were discussed was held in Birmingham recently under the direction of Bishop Wilbur P. Thirkield. CJ The fiftieth annual meeting of the Massachusetts Dental Society was held in Boston recently. Dr. Alfred P. Russell, a colored dentist, conducted one of the clinics. CJ The Armstrong Association of Philadelphia, a white organization, met in the sixth annual meeting in May. Reports show that $35,000 worth of work has been provided during the year by this association for colored men. CJ The ninety-fourth session of the New York annual conference of the A. M. E. Church met in Albany on May 27. The reports showed that more than $100,000 had been raised by the church during the year for all purposes. CJ The National Independent Civil and Political Negro League held a meeting of protest against segregation in Philadelphia on May 18. Senator Wesley L. Jones, of Washington, was the principal speaker. FOREIGN. MR. H. A. JOSEPHS, a colored man, who is Assistant Attorney-General of Jamaica, is now acting Attorney-General. CJ The first ordination to the priesthood in the Negro Theological Seminary in Uganda, Africa, took place lately. Two Negro priests were ordained. CJ In the Palladium Theatre, London, a woman recently caused a disturbance by objecting to the presence of Kafirs in the audience. CJ Madison R. Smith, the southern white man who was appointed as Minister to the black republic of Haiti at the beginning of the present administration, has resigned. Arthur Bailly-Blanchard, another white man, has been appointed. Haiti's internal affairs and foreign relations are, at present, in a critical state. The Haitian debt is about $35,000,000 and more than half of this is owed to the French government. France and Germany want to establish an international commission form of government for the purpose of handling the Haitian income, but the Haitian government objects to this claiming that it has always been able to meet the interest on the debt. COURTS. THE Rev. G. H . Simms, a colored minis ter of New York City, received $100 damages from Spiro Matiato, proprietor of a small restaurant, who refused to serve Mr. Simms with two other men. CJ The jury gave a verdict of $150 and costs in the case brought against the Comstock Amusement Company, Cleveland, O., by Miss Hattie Hairston, a young colored woman, who with Miss Maud York was refused admittance to the orchestra at a matinee performance. Miss York, whose case was settled out of court, received $50 damages. CJ The question as to whether ex-slaves can inherit is now before the Supreme Court of the United States. The question came up in the Supreme Court of Tennessee over the case of John Jones who owned a small farm which should, at his death, have gone to his brother William. The Tennessee Court decided that ex-slaves could not inherit and this has been appealed to the United States Supreme Court. CJ Judge Travis, a colored resident of Jersey City, N . J., brought a case against the New Jersey Empire Amusement Company for discrimination in a theatre in Hoboken. Mr. Travis was represented in the case by Robert S. Hartgrove, a colored lawyer. A decision for $500 damages was given Mr . Travis. THE &lt;J A colored man, E. W. Fields, of Monroe County, Ala., when unable to pay a fine for larceny, contracted to work out the indebtedness with J. A. Reynolds, a white farmer. Later Reynolds had Fields arrested for failing to complete the contract and Fields hired himself out to another white man, G. W . Broughton. The federal government has carried the matter to the Supreme Court of the United States and charges the two white men with peonage. THE GHETTO. MR. B. T. WASHINGTON has written a letter, which has been published in most of the colored weeklies, asking the railroads for equal accommodations for white and colored people. He asked that Sunday, June 7, be set aside as "Railroad Day" to protest against the discrimination practised. &lt;J The colored people of New Bedford, Mass., held a mass meeting to protest against a lecture, misrepresenting and slandering Negroes, delivered there by a southern white man under the auspices of the free public library. &lt;J The National Association of Colored Women's Clubs is protesting against the caricaturing of colored people upon bill boards, in magazines, in advertisements of food products, etc. &lt;j| The Mayor of Louisville, Ky., has signed the ordinance providing for the segregation of Negroes. &lt;I Fifty-two members of a colored Knights of Pythias Lodge in Pittsburgh, Pa., who were engaged rather noisily in an initiation, were arrested and kept in jail all night until dismissed in the morning by the magistrate. A large number of colored people held a mass meeting at one of the churches and protested to the Mayor and asked for the discharge of Lieut. John McArdle, who caused the arrest. &lt;J Mrs. Ida Eversman, a white woman, is offering her residence on Forty-first Street, between Fourth and Fifth Avenues, New York City, for sale "to Negroes only." She has become incensed at the treatment accorded her by her neighbors. CRIME. THE following colored men have been lynched since the last account: A t Grovetown, Ga., Charles Jones was CRISIS lynched by a mob of 150 white men. He was accused of stealing a pair of shoes; no shoes were found on his premises and other reports say that Jones was lynched because he was intoxicated and "talked big." At Shreveport, La., Edward Hamilton, eighteen years of age, was lynched by a mob of 5,000. He was accused of attacking a tenyear-old girl; later reports refute this charge. At Tampa, Fla., James Woodsome, charged with trying to force his way into a white woman's hotel room, was lynched. &lt;J A mob of 250 men took John Thomas, a colored man, from the Abbeville (S. C.) jail, tortured him and cut off one ear. Thomas was accused of making "improper advances" to a white woman. q Sylvester Washington, a colored man of St. James, La., accused of murdering two men, was shot to death by a crowd of "citizens." q A strange white man, passing through a Negro settlement near Batesville, Miss., raped a ten-year-old child while her mother and father were in the fields. At the child's alarm the neighbors started out and captured the man about eight miles away from the scene of the crime, but because the only evidence obtainable was that given by the small children who saw him, he was not indicted. C] Fannie Chenault, a white woman of Richmond, Va., claimed that she was held up on the Richmond-Rappahannock car line and raped by a colored man on the night of May 9. The woman has not been able to identify any of the dozen men who have been accused of the crime and she has shown so much indecision in the identification that the detectives seem to be losing interest in the case. As a result of her accusation one Negro who resisted arrest by a plain clothes man (and who Miss Chenault says positively was not the man) is dead, and another is fined $100 and given twelve months for carrying concealed weapons. &lt;I Officers of Jefferson Parish, La., shot and wounded very seriously an innocent colored man when, in their search for a supposed criminal, they came upon him in the woods. &lt;J The Supreme Court of North Carolina rendered a decision against the town of Winston-Salem in its case against William Darnell, a Negro who occupied a house in a white neighborhood. Chief Justice Clark declared the aldermen had no right to pass a segregation ordinance. MEN OF THE MONTH AN EDUCATOR THE Judges of the Supreme Court of the District of Columbia have appointed Mrs. Coralie Franklin Cook as a member of the Board of Education for the District to succeed Mrs. Caroline W. Harris. This is an unusually fortunate selection. Mrs. Cook is a graduate of Storer College and taught many years there and in the public schools. In 1S93 she came to Washington as Superintendent of a home for women and children. Five years later she married George William Cook, Secretary of Howard University, and became Professor of English in that institution, a position which she held for several years. With her husband, Mrs. Cook worked out the cottage system of the Government Training School at Blue Plains and won commendation for her work from the District Commissioners. She has been especially interested in children's playgrounds and was one of the speakers at the eightieth anniversary of the birth of Susan B. Anthony. She is a member of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People and a quiet, tactful, high-minded woman of culture and public spirit. m A REAL ESTATE DEALER HUGH M. BURKETT was born in Balti more a little less than thirty-seven years ago and is now the most successful colored real estate broker in the city, doing a business of $50,000 a year. He received his college training at Lincoln and took his law course at Howard. Mr. Burkett has sold over five hundred homes to colored people on the better streets of Baltimore and indeed was so successful in the work as to be one of the prime causes of the Negro segregation agitation in that city. Mr. Burkett has just moved into new quarters; he has five assistants, an automobile for professional purposes, advertises in the daily papers and is called by the Baltimore daily Xeics an ''unique figure in the real estate life of Baltimore." It goes without saying that Mr. Burkett is a reader of THE CRISIS and a member of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People. He furnished bail for the colored man who shot into a mob recently and was acquitted by the efforts of our attorney. OF NEGRO DESCENT AGAIN there comes to our notice the case of persons of Negro descent who have attained places of trust and prominence but HUGH M. BURKETT. THE are, especially after death, counted as white men. The state of Washington has a large number of such cases. In 1905 a colored man named George Washington died in that state. He became wealthy, helped his former master's family and the present town of Centralia is built largely on his land. A quadroon has been Mayor of a city of 45,000 inhabitants: another had a high federal office in Seattle, and still another, W. 0. Bush, now deceased, was a member of the last territorial legislature in 1SS4 and the first state legislature in 1SS9-90. He came to Washington,from Missouri in 1S84. He was a quadroon, the son of a mulatto father and a German-American mother. The children of the family have intermarried with the white neighbors; one of the daughters is the wife of the sheriff of the County. A MISSIONARY IN EDUCATION MR. J. A . HENRY , who died recently in Chattanooga, Tenn., was a northern Negro who went down into the House of Bondage to help his people. He was born in Buffalo in 1859 and trained in the public schools and in Atlanta University. He went to Chattanooga in the year of his graduation CRISIS William O. Bush, 1844 THE LATE W. O. BUSH. and taught there for thirty-one years until his death. The Chattanooga Times said editorially: "Prof. Henry was a man of character and had won his reputation as a clean, self-respecting and responsible citizen by a faithful performance of duty." Another white daily said: "Prof. Henry enjoyed the respect of the white as well as the colored people. He was devoted to his duties and to the betterment of his race and his influence during the period, more than a quarter of a century, he had lived and labored in Chattanooga was most beneficial not only to the children but to the adults of his race. His funeral was attended by six thousand people. His body lay in state in a purple casket, covered with the masonic regalia of a Knight Templar and thirty-third degree mason, while four white horses led a procession that blocked Ninth Street for an hour. The Mayor of the city, the State Commissioner of Education, the City Superintendent and many prominent citizens, white and colored, were in attendance. THE LATE S. H. BISHOP. (See Editorial) SISIRC EHT OPINION THE PHILOSOPHY OF MR. DOLE MR. Dole's letter and THE A REJOINDER. ~ ... . , , CRISIS editorial reply continue to provoke discussion, especially by mail. Mr. Dole himself sends us a letter which we regret we have not space for in full on "Efficiency and Persuasion," and fears that we do not altogether understand his point of view as to the proper attitude toward people who differ with us or oppose us. He concludes by saying: "M y point here is practical efficiency. You make no progress with prejudiced, violent, and purse-proud or race-proud men by demanding your rights of them. They are stirred to resist you. You make the issue one of antagonism, as of you against them, which is essentially an inhumane kind of issue. But try' the way of your religion (which is also the philosophy of social dynamics) ; put yourself with the other as a fellow-human subject on the same passions and spiritual perils, assume a good heart in him and some conscience, respect and trust him a little, work wit!: (he grain and keep your good temper—at other name for the health of your own soul—and you will get results; your rights will fall to you, as sure as the sun makes the corn grow. The world is slowly learning that, good:will is the mightiest practical force in the universe! "Please, therefore, Mr. Editor, allow this question, whether your admirable abilities might not really be enhanced by magnanimously forbidding yourself to brood over the injustice and barbarism of the world, and filling yourself with that kind of civilizing power which no injustice can long resist." A veteran friend and co-worker with the Negro race writes in further support of Mr. Dole's contentions: " A man of Mr. Dole's spirit—a better spirit than Lyman Abbott's or Mr. Ogden's —did not deserve that kind of treatment, nor did it seem consistent with the deep respect and admiration which you professed for him personally. Most readers, I think, would lay down the magazine with praise of his spirit and rebuke of yours, and then hastily conclude that his argument was good and yours bad, and thus miss the real force of what you had been saying. That is the simple psychology with which much printed matter is read, and we cannot afford to ignore it." Mr . George G. Bradford says: "Don't, for heaven's sake, slop over with any more such futile answers as you applied to Mr. Dole." Then come these crumbs of comfort: Your "Philosophy of Mr. Dole" and Picken's "Crisis" are worth a nation-wide circulation. Broadside your editorial and send it separately forth as a defiant note to maudlin missionaries and weak-kneed politicians. Nail it on the church door; spread it over the Congress. It is a real fact for these miserable sycophantic times. Hastily yours, RICHARD T. GREENER. Thanks for your splendid editorial in reply to Charles F. Dole. I subscribe to every word of it. Faithfully, JOHN DANA MILLER, Editor of the Single Tax Review. Wil l you accept my hearty congratulations on your answer to the Rev. Charles Fletcher Dole. It is bully and right to the point. Much as I esteem THE CRISIS, I think it quite outdid itself on this occasion. Keep it up. Sincerely yours, ERNEST H. GRUENING. Just when I am beginning to think you aren't worth while you write some splendid thing like that reply to Charles F. Dole and thrill me to my utmost soul. I simply cannot express my unbounded appreciation of that splendid rebuke. What I admire about TH E CRISIS is its fearless attitude. When TH E CRISIS ceases to speak out as it does, I shall have no further use for TH E CRISIS. Yours truly, CARRIE W. CLIFFORD. "I wish to thank you for your reply to Mr. Dole and send you an example of the propagation of failure to capitalize Negro." UNIVERSITY OF WISCONSIN STYLE BOOK CAPITALIZATION CAPITALIZE Names of all races and nationalities, except negro. TH E ISHMAELITE. Elsie Singmaster writes a A MAGAZINE SKETCH IN THE JUNE Century of STORY. AN OLD COLORED MAN WHO GOES TO Gettysburg Reunion. Of course, in order to get in the fiction pages of a large American magazine the Negro had to be "like a child" with a "dull mind" and "confused" while, of course, his eyes "roll in their sockets." Nevertheless, there is a deeply sympathetic note in the sketch which shows how this poor, old, simple-minded man was almost lynched and finally died from exposure. "But he saw no more, felt no more, in this world. Sometime in the night he rose aim lessly and moved a few steps away, and fell again, thus destroying the strange tableau of which he had made part. "In the morning he was found, and was taken away. That he represented a great problem, that he was a creature of strange, pathetic, tremendous significance, no one noted. The land had purged itself of its sin, a blood-sacrifice had been made, the for bidden thing had been put away. Down in the great camp thousands of Union veterans' shook hands with thousands of Confederate veterans; there rose hurrahing and singing and playing of bands. Brother was united with brother; it was proper that no discor dant note should mar the blessed harmony of peace and good fellowship. Of Johnson and his kin no word was said." CRISIS THE ELUSIVE JEOPARD. The Saturday Evening Post has PRESENCE.. THIG DIVERTING TALE OF MIND. ±y applicant for a place as n teacher in one of the colored schools at Louisville was being examined touching his fitness for the position. He was a small, dapper, yellow person, wearing gold spectacles, a long black coat, and an abiding air of great dignity. The examination was in part oral and syntax had been reached. "What is your definition of the word 'jeopardized'?" asked the examiner. The candidate's brow wrinkled. "Which?" he inquired. "What do you understand the word 'jeop ardized' to mean?" For just one short half-minute he hesitated. Then he answered sonorously: "In reply to yo' question I would state that that would refer to any act committed by a jeopard." M BALTIMORE AND MEMPHIS. The Baltimore and Memphis N. A. A. C. P. Conferences of the National MEETINGS. Association for the Advancement of Colored People lead the Chicago Evening Post to say of Mr. Villard's address : "We cannot help congratulating the Negroes on the strategic cleverness as well as the high moral quality of the men who are espousing their cause. "Ask the average man about the American attitude toward the Negro, and he will tell you that the North is the Negro's friend and that the South is in league to hold him down; that no southern voice dare lift itself on his behalf, and that, on the other hand, the white people of the South are unanimously agreed on the policy of keeping the Negro in his place and in asking the North to keep its hands off the problem. These ideas are common in the North, and we do not doubt that they are just as common in the South. "Then comes the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, right into a southern town which has recently distinguished itself by establishing a Negro pale, and tells the southerners that those ideas are not true; that their own people are turning against the traditional and reputed southern attitude." OPINION The conference was not received with very widely open arms in Baltimore, but it has undoubtedly done more good by one meeting there than it could do by five in the North. The New York Evening Post prints the following dispatch from its Memphis correspondent : "The day of plain speaking in the South on the race question has come. Three evangelists descended upon Memphis, told some wholesome truths about the treatment of the Negro to a very large audience, and provoked no trouble in the telling of it. It was what they called 'the new abolitionism' that was talked by Dr. W. E. Burghardt Du Bois, editor of TH E CRISIS; Dr. Joel E. Spingarn, chairman of the board of directors of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, and Prof. William Pickens, of Talladega College. Never before, it is said, has such language as theirs been heard in these parts on this subject. "These men combined forces and secured one of the local churches for a public meeting. Then they inserted advertisements in all the local papers, billing the meeting under the auspices of the N. A. A. C. P., and adding: ALL PERSON'S WHO LOVE THE TRUTH AND DARE TO HEAR IT ARE CORDIALLY INVITED "Memphis is full of 'social workers' just now who are here in attendance upon the Southern Sociological Congress and the National Conference of Charities and Corrections. There has been considerable discussion of the Negro at the two conferences, but both conferences have been careful not to say anything which would offend Southern sentiment on the Negro question, or alienate the South from the progressive ideas of social service and social reform for which the conferences stand. "But the unusual advertisement in the papers woke Memphis up to the fact that she was harboring, along with the 'social workers' of unknown intellectual antecedents, at least, three men who held disagreeable views upon the race question. A large, and possibly none too friendly, audience filled Avery Chapel to hear a discussion of •"The Negro Problem," in which the stock assumptions of Memphis on that subject were disregarded." The Survey says in its report of the Con ference of Charities and Corrections: "The race question was among those pre sent, though it bore no credentials as a dele gate. A Negro woman from Illinois was refused registration in the National Confer ence of Charities and Correction by a clerk employed by the local committee, until Gra ham Taylor peremptorily ordered that her name be entered. The sessions of the South ern Sociological Conference were adjourned from the Orpheum theater to a white church in order that the Negro members might sit on the main floor with their fellow members. "And a front attack was made on both the national and the southern bodies by the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People. W. E. Burghardt Du Bois, Joel E. Spingarn of New York, and Prof. William. Pickens of Talladega College, spoke at a meeting advertised in the papers for 'all persons who love the truth and dare to hear it.' " m MISCEGENATION. A white South Carolinian, SEPARATING writing in the Columbia Slate, TH E RACES. makes some curious admissions from which we quote: "The mulatto and otherwise colored popu lation is steadily increasing. The census fails to show the facts, as it makes no divi sion among 'Negroes.' But if we look about us we must see that few if any pureblooded Negroes remain. "Moreover, the Negro race in our midst is all the time receiving new accessions of white blood. In every community there are white men who have mulatto or quadroon or octoroon progeny. Some of these men have stocked their neighborhoods with these mongrel offsprings, and often have established them upon lands. Every rural section is degraded by the knowledge of this double standard of morals and is cursed with the presence of this 'grade-white' population, prospective ancestors of higher 'grade-white' descendants finally to pass as white and be incorporated into the blood of the best that may still remain! Thus the citadel of white supremacy is being betrayed by immoral white men, traitors to their race. "In every town there are colored people who look white and would pass as white if their antecedents were not known and if they did not claim to be Negroes. How many newcomers into a community now or hereafter may be of this type, who can say? It makes us shudder. "Even in the South before the war there were respectable and prominent families suspected of a Negro taint, and for that reason consciously avoided in marriage. It is hinted that the much boasted blood of Pocahontas was sometimes adroitly claimed and courteously conceded to account for an off color of an apparently aristocratic immigrant from Old Virginia, who had left his home to escape a tradition of Negro origin and to build a proud family in new surroundings, possibly receiving from his reputed father the money with which to establish himself. "The infusion of Negro blood into our white stock had made enough progress in the proud ante-helium South to give our courts occasion to lay down the common law rule that a person should be taken as legally white if more than seven-eighths white and should be a Negro only if as much as one-eighth Negro. •'In some localities at the outbreak of the war free men of color, nearly white in appearance but still socially and legally Negroes, enlisted in the Confederate army and thereafter they were accorded the status of white men. Old timers tell us of such. Your descendants may intermarry with theirs. Mongrelism is begun in the South." The Charlotte Observer in the same line has an editorial on Villa's Negro blood. "We at once rejected as improbable in itself and as seemingly impossible by comparison of dates and ages the story that Villa was a Maryland mulatto who had served in the Tenth Cavalry. United States Army. He no doubt bears strong facial resemblance to a former member of that colored regiment, as one man after another of those who have served in it insists that his pictures portray this man. But the resemblance and the fact that the man with whom he is identified cannot be traced or located anywhere are not evidence enough. Villa's personal history in Mexico has been traced from rather early youth. However, it has been repeatedly stated by those who have given most attention to the facts of his career that he possesses a considerable and noticeable admixture of Negro blood. His mother was a Negress, according to all the accounts on this subject that we have seen. ***#**#*»» CRISIS "If Villa is mixed white and Negro without any Indian, we may compare him racially with Gen. Antonio Maceo, the best fighter, until a Spanish bullet found him, of the last Cuban revolt. It does not seem possible, however, that any Mexican of the lower class could fail to possess more or less Indian blood, the racial basis of the whole country." SEGREGATION. Kelly Miller says in the RESULTS OP Washington Evening Star: "JIM-CROW" " 'Separate but equal ac LEGISLATION. commodations for both races' is the slogan of 'jim crow' legislation. Experience shows that this is impracticable, as reflection would show it to be impossible. Identity is the essence of equality in all public functions. Two non-interchangeable parts cannot long maintain their original parity. If some of our sagacious statesmen should secure the enactment of a law that there shall be different weights and measures for the two races, but that the two yardsticks shall have the same length and that pound weights shall contain the same number of ounces; provided that no Negro shall be accommodated by the white man's units of weight and measure, and vice versa, under heavy penalty of law; in the short process of time, human nature remaining what we know it to be, the Negro would be receiving the lighter weight and the shorter measure. The man who cannot protect himself will become the victim in every issue where his interests are separated from those of the community at large. If there were two standards of coinage, of the same weight and fineness, only that the one set of coins must forever circulate among Negroes and the other among white people, the black man's coins would immediately depreciate in comparison. The parity could only be maintained by free interchangeability." This truth is illustrated by two clippings. The Richmond Times-Dispatch says: "Our readers will recall that when the Umlauf ordinance was passed in answer to a public demand, which the Times-Dispatch did its best to foster, the number of barrooms in the city was reduced to 150. At the same time, the Judge of the Hustings Court, who was given full authority to pass on the location of saloons, let it be known that he would not grant licenses for bar OPINION 123 rooms in residential sections. "But the conditions disclosed in the letter of our correspondent is contrary to the spirit of the existing- ordinance, contrary to the rules of common justice and contrary to the principles of sound morality. It is bad enough, in all conscience, to have so many thousand of our colored citizens herded into the section north of Broad Street; it is even worse to permit barrooms to flourish on practically every corner. How can we ex pect our colored citizens to rear their fami lies in decency, purity and self-respect if we fill the chief colored residential section with saloons?" A colored correspondent writes to the Bal timore American: "Kent Island has a large number of Negro inhabitants, considering its area. It has three colored schools, situated about six and four miles apart. A number of the children live four and a half to five miles from the schools. The school rooms are so uncomfortable that during the winter months the smaller children have to remain at home; the older ones take turns sitting near the stove, while the teacher must retain her wraps. "On the island about five-sixths of the Negro families own their homes, boats and engines. Many own horses and are paying taxes on them; but there is but one schoolhouse, the other school rooms being a hall, rented, and a small dwelling-house, one room up and one down, bought by the county. The teachers' salary for years has been $25 a month. Board is cheap at $9. Now, after buying necessary periodicals, correspondence essentials and paying church dues, what remains for the teachers to dress neatly on and to visit their homes during holidays'? The average housegirl gets from $3 to $4 a week; cooks from $3.50 to $5. There has been no one to visit our school from October until March, save the trustees, who do what they can to make the school rooms comfortable, even though they are not sanitary. m SOUTH AFRICA The population of the part of PAUPERIZING South Africa under the Union THE NATIVE. Government was, in 1911, 1,300,000 Europeans and 5,200,000 colored people. The Nineteenth Century says: "The scarcity of native labor within the Union becomes greater every year, and today the supply is barely equal to fifty per cent of the demand, although the enormous sums spent in recruiting are not diminished. Special efforts have been made within the last few years to popularize labor among the natives living under the Union Government, but with such disappointing results that compulsory legislation has been freely dis cussed in certain interested circles. "Until recently no serious trouble was experienced with white labor. Even at the mines, despite the danger of miner's phthisis, the supply has been equal to the demand. The plentitude of white labor and the scarcity of colored labor is the more remarkable when it is borne in mind that the great bulk of the former has been attracted from foreign countries, while every inducement has failed to entice more than a meagre percentage of the native force resident inside the limits of the Union territory. At present there are two white men for every vacant place and two vacant places for colored men for every one that is occupied. This extraordinary position, without parallel in any other part of the world, is emphasized by the fact that only when colored labor is available can white labor be employed with advantage. "In South Africa, with the exception of some parts of the Cape Province, a colored man may not do a white man's work. In the Transvaal he is debarred by statute from becoming an engineer or a miner. He may not take charge of a steam engine or boiler, nor may he hold a blasting certificate. It is an unwritten law that no native shall be an artisan. Skilled labor in all its branches is reserved for the European, as well as every position of responsibility in connection with the industries of the country. "In China the railways, mines, and workshops are all manned by Chinese. In India they are manned by Indians, with the exception that about one-third of the engine-drivers and firemen on the railways are, for political reasons, English. In both these countries there are the coolie classes who do the meaner work, just as in European countries there are the laboring classes. In South Africa Indians and Chinese come under the color ban with the native, and every African workman is, in his own country, classed as a coolie. He must not come into competition with the white man. And the white man, however unskilled, must engage in 'skilled' labor or remain idle. "This condition of things has created a THE unique system of inter-dependence. If a man gets a gang of a dozen 'boys' together and presents himself thus equipped at any mine or workshop, he will be employed with, and solely because of them. Should he leave the job and the 'boys' elect to remain, another man must be found to take his place or the 'boys' will be thrown idle. "The highest position open to a native is that of 'boss boy,' which means that he interprets for the man in charge and serves as a buffer between him and the other 'boys.' These 'boss boys' often remain for years, and will return again and again to work after a short holiday. This obtains in every department, on the railways as well as in the mines, and is evidence that, with reasonable hope of advancement, the native would become a constant and reliable factor. Many natives are quite capable of taking charge of a stope or a drive. If only these and similar positions were open to them the end of all this shortage of labor would be well in sight. And. if the trades and professions were open to every man, whatever his color, a new and better era would soon dawn for South Africa. "* * * A white miner may rise to be manager of a mine, but a colored man can never succeed to a white man's job. the average 'boy's' pay is from 2s. to 3s. a day, with food and lodging. The white miner over him gets 15s. to 1/. a day, if paid by the shift, and if on contract may make considerable more. Artisans, such as carpenters and fitters, are paid 11.'a day in the Transvaal. "Sooner or later the sentiment that fixes so great a gulf between the wages, and consequently between the standards of living, of white and black must give way. * * * "The regeneration of South Africa lies along these lines. This is the conclusion arrived at by the writer after over twenty years' experience on the Rand, in almost every capacity up to that of general manager." Is South Africa moving this way? By no means. It is reaching out for rulership over the large dependencies with their millions of natives and is especially determined to monopolize the land. On May S, the President of the African National Native Congress wrote TH E CRISIS as follows: "I am in Capetown, enroute to England, with a party being the delegates, seven in CRISIS number, chosen by the South African Native National congress, to present the African protest against the Natives' Land Act, 1913, passed by the Union of South Africa Parliament last June, planned to despoil our people and humble us in the dust. "I wrote to you from Oklange, as did Miss Blackburn. I trust you may feel able to render us some help. We would be most grateful if your people could send you over during June to help us by your eloquence and personality in appealing to the British public. "We expect to arrive in England on June the 2nd. "I am, dear Doctor, "Faithfully yours, (Signed) " JOHN L. DUBE." THE SMITH^LEVER BILL The Smith-Lever bill was A TRIUMPH IN quietly reported back from PREJUDICE. Conference on Monday, Apri l 27, without the two amendments which the Senate had adopted as a result of the efforts of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People. This action was reported to the National Association by its agent in Washington, and we wired to our friends in Senate and House urging them to do all in their power to prevent the passage of the bill as reported by the Conference Committee. When Senator Jones returned to the Senate, on April 29, he had the Conference report recalled from the House, where it had been sent. Subsequently, on the same day, with the able assistance of Senator Cummins and others, he succeeded in defeating an attempt of Senators Smith and Hollis to rescind this action, and the 30th of Apri l was reached with the report still in the Senate for action. Finally the Senate, by a vote of thirty-two to twenty-five, tabled the motion to reconsider the acceptance of the report. As soon as word was received of the final passage of the bill without our amendments, a letter was sent to the President of the United States, in the name of the National Association, and signed by Jane Addams, Herbert Parsons, Moorfield Storey, Oswald Garrison Villard, Joel E. Spingarn and William S. Bennet, urging him to veto the bill on the ground that it discriminated against the colored farmers of the South. The President signed the bill. EDITORIAL MUDDLE THE Negro problem is undoubtedly reaching a degree of spiritual complication which makes the onlooker hesitate between tears and hysteri cal laughter. A National Conference of Charities and Correction recently met in a great southern city. It is a conference that numbers in its membership practically every great name in American social reform. It stands for advance and uplift, help and development in all lines of human endeavor. It met in Memphis. Memphis has a population of 142,619 with 52,441 Negroes and is the geographical center of the largest Negro population in the western world. The traveler from Altruria would surely assume that the problems touching these darker thousands and the relations of white and black would have been a matter of serious, thoughtful consideration. Not so. The National Association for the Advancement of Colored People pleaded for the inclusion of such subjects as matters of general discussion. But as the Survey says, the Negro problem was "not invited" and appeared but rarely and quite incidentally on the program. The excuse given by the officials was that the subject was too controversial and that the Southern Sociological Congress, meeting during the sessions of the Charities Conference, would discuss these matters. Very good. But would not this same traveller from Altruria assume that at least every effort would be made to interest colored people in the general work of the conference? Here were matters touching the saving of children, the reduction of crime, increased cleanliness, the protection of mothers, conditions of labor, etc., all of which Touched the colored people very closely in their every-day life. One would have thought that the highways and hedges would have been scoured to make the colored people of Memphis, and particularly their teachers, preachers, professional men and business men, become acquainted with modern philanthropic effort. This was not done. On the contrary, at the peremptory demand of the local white committee all Negroes were segregated in the gallery and, as a result, not a dozen Negroes attended the week's sessions of this mighty conference. How could they and retain their self-respect ? It is doubtless the courteous and proper thing for the National Conference to defer, in many things, to the wish and opinion of the local entertaining committee. But are there no limits to such deference? Is there no place where decency and principle can make a last stand? In contrast to the moral cowardice of the northern leaders of social reform, the Southern Sociological Congress to whom the local colored committee also appealed for decent consideration in the matter of accommodation, decided that they might be admitted to the ground floor of the theatre where both associations were holding their main sessions. The proprietors of the theatre thereupon THE CRISIS objected and the Sociological Congress changed the place of meeting. So that hundreds of colored people attended the meeting of this Congress. If, however, anyone thinks that this has been a happy solution of the difficulty, let them listen to Mr. Clarence Poe, of North Carolina. Mr. Poe, in declining re-election to the Executive Committee of the Congress, says: "In the first place, I ought to explain that while I attended some of the sectional meetings of the Congress in Atlanta last year, I did not attend the general session or the race problem meetings, and it was not until I attended this year's meetings in Memphis that I discovered that white men and white women, Negro men and Negro women are all admitted on terms of equality as members and as participants in the Congress. At Memphis, moreover, the seating of both whites and Negroes on the first floor and the- crowding out of white ladies by Negro men became so offensive (cultured ladies from my own town, for example, were escorted to their seats by Negro ushers) that the local Memphis committee could not endure it, and passed a resolution asking the officers to have the Negroes seated separately in the first balcony. An d then it was that 'the officers of the conference' the daily papers said—I do not know what officers, for you had just left town, I believe, and so far as I know, the Executive Committee was not consulted—but at any rate, the 'officers,' in order to keep the Negro members right with the whites, left the Orpheum Theatre, which our Memphis hosts had provided, and adjourned to a separate theatre for a final meeting on the Negro problem at which one white man, one Negro, and one mixed-breed entertained the mixed assemblage of members." This means that advanced opinion of the South has a fight on its hands and that in the next ten years it is going to be determined whether or not the South can have two opinions concerning the Negro: one, the reactionary suppression of Poe, and the other, social uplift in "The Human "Way." Moreover, the North, characteristically, has deserted the advanced South at just the moment when the South needed it. If Graham Taylor, the President, and the Executive Committee of the Conference of Charities had said, "This conference is going to admit every decently behaved human being, who wishes to hear its deliberations, on equal terms," then the Sociological Conference could have taken its stand with the moral backing of the best of the nation. A s it is now, a brave devoted band find themselves holding a lonely outpost while their northern white brothers are bravely scuttling to the rear. If now these southern social radicals look for help to the radical movement in the South they find that movement largely in the hands of demagogues like Blease and Vardaman, and radical on everything except the Negro problem. On that they are reactionary, vindictive, and positively indecent to a degree which is almost inconceivable. A paper like the Harpoon of Austin, Tex., which is supposed to represent exceptional democracy and abolition of privilege, never reaches its proper depths of vile vituperation until it discusses the Negro, as it does most of the time, and yet it imagines itself in harmony with the forward movements of the world! Consider, then, these five elements: the struggling, emerging Negro, the cowardly white North, the advanced white southern reformers, the Negro hating southern radicals and the reactionary Poes. Can one imagine a more mischief-making combination 1 THE CAUSE OF LYNCHING IT is exceedingly difficult to get at the real cause of lynching but THE CRISIS is more and more convinced that the real cause is seldom the one alleged. In the barbaric Oklahoma case of the lynching of a woman, the press EDITORIAL despatches made it a quarrel in a "redlight" district, but two private letters in our hands from apparently trustworthy persons declare that it was the case of a seventeen-year-old girl defending her own honor. From Shreveport there are newspaper accounts of a horrible lynching of a Negro boy for attacking a ten-year-old child. But again a private letter tells us that the girl was old enough to be ticket seller in a theatre; that she was not injured in the slightest degree, but was found "hale and hearty and singing" the day after; and that, as a matter of fact, the boy was lynched because of his relations with another and older white woman. "We have no way of proving these assertions; but they have many ear-marks of truth and their very assertion is an astounding indictment of modern American barbarism. TH E CRISIS knows that Negroes are human and it does not for a moment presume that every Negro accused of a horrible crime is innocent. It wants, and wants for the sake of colored people even more than of others, that colored criminals be treated so as to decrease crime, whatever that treatment may be. It is painfully significant that of all methods of suppressing crime lynching has certainly failed in Shreveport ; in that city and parish seven Negroes have been lynched in two years, not counting ordinary murders. SAMUEL HENRY BISHOP IN the death of Samuel Henry Bishop the American Negro loses a devoted friend. Mr. Bishop was born in Wil liston, Vt., in 1863. He received his education at the University of Vermont and Union Theological Seminary, becoming a priest of the Episcopal Church in 1891. For many years he served as rector in and about New York and at Colorado Springs. He was a speaker of much eloquence and had both an imaginative and logical mind which he had cultivated by wide reading and study. In 1906 he became general agent of the American Church Institute for Negroes. This new institution was an attempt on the part of the Episcopal Church to consolidate and organize its educational work in the South for colored people. This was a matter of great difficulty because of the peculiar constitution of the church. The combination of a large class of wealthy northern people and a correspondingly large class of Southerners, representing the old master type, made it exceedingly difficult to treat the problem of the education of the Negro in a consistent modern spirit. The result was, for many years, inertia and indifference, and of all the great religious organizations the Episcopal Church has probably done least for southern education. To this task Mr. Bishop came. It is too much to say that he was successful, but certainly he succeeded in arousing the church on the subject as it never had been aroused before, and in securing a larger measure of unanimity in the utterances of the North and South than had ever been obtained previously. It was, however, heart-sickening work. Mr. Bishop was a delicate and sensitive man—a man who felt painfully and deeply the tragedy of the American Negro, and who also knew by intimate contact and association the peculiar mental processes of Southerners and Northerners on the subject. He found his own solution in a peculiar self-forgetful idealism—"Entbehren sollst du, sollst entbehren," he said in the singularly beautiful sketch published in the March CRISIS. Mr. Bishop was a member of this Association and a careful reader of THE CRISIS. We have not always agreed with Mr. Bishop in the compromises which he was perhaps forced to make and in some of his policies, but we have always loved him personally and honored his unusual singleness of purpose and high ideals. THE CRISIS COLLEGE EDUCATION THE training of youth—the revelation of life, its present technique and its future possibilities in growing young people— is a matter of intricacy and difficulty to any people. But it is peculiarly difficult to colored Americans who must, in addition, teach of invisible bonds and concealed social barriers, of worlds within worlds and dangerous waste places, of subtle temptations and unnatural restraints. Every artificially increased difficulty that surrounds colored children to-day should be additional incentive to make their education and mental development the highest possible. Only in the higher intellectual life of to-day can they hope to find that freedom, fellowship and joy which fiendish ingenuity cuts out of so much of their work, their amusements and their daily walks. The colored people should strain every nerve to send their children through the best colleges. No matter what avenues of employment may be closed to them, give them thorough intellectual training according to their very best standards; then let them dig, cook and sew. Make them men even if they have to be menials. In the long run they will burst their bonds and be modern free men. But train them so that in the day of sundered bonds they can take their place beside their fellows and not be held back then by ignorance as they are now by prejudice. m REAL ESTATE IN NEW YORK IF Negroes are to keep what little they have gained in the right to decent dwelling places on the island of Manhattan, they would better be up and doing. For a long time the widespread conspiracy of real-estate agencies has been seeking to attack the dwelling places of colored people in Harlem. Every effort has been made artificially to depress the value of real estate in that section, and financial institutions, including those which carry thousands of dollars belonging to colored people on deposit, have refused to renew the most reasonable mortgage propositions. If the Negro was a large capitalist like the Jew he could reap great advantage from this campaign by simply buying up this depressed property. Some day, through widespread co-operation, colored people will learn to do this. To-day the real-estate sharks know-that this is impossible and they are counting on this fact. Lately a second step has been taken which is to organize a holding company to control the mortgages and sometimes the property of such owners as are willing to eject Negro tenants. Of course, a little salve of hypocrisy was needed to help in the bolting of this morsel. Consequently, the white Y. M. C. A. was found ready to furnish a hall for the meeting of these philanthropists and the scheme of "Negro uplift" was announced with a flourish, a part of which proposed the colonization of all colored people in New York on the pestilential mud flats of Harlem, where with all the city's crowding no one up to this time has been willing to live. But the 100,000 colored people of New York still have the whip hand if they will only remember this: It is simply necessary for colored families and institutions to hold the property now occupied not everywhere but at certain strategic points. Of course the matter of holding property at such strategic points is difficult but possible. If the property of the Negro churches is held and the Y. M. C. A. really intends to put its building in a decent site in Harlem and the Y. W. C. A. follows suit, and if the Colored Music School Settlement buys a home—all this and other possible co-operative effort will settle the matter for a long time. Colleges and their Graduates in 1914 DURINGthe com mencement season of 1914 two hundred and fifty colored students will receive the Bachelors degree. This is a larger number than has been graduated in recent years and perhaps the largest ever graduated from colleges ranking as high as colored colleges do to-day. Under the lower requirements of 1905 there were two hundred and sixty-seven graduates. It is one of the most reassuring aspects of the progress of the Negro race in America that, despite every possible discouragement and argument the colored people A. L. JACKSON, CLASS ORATOR, HARVARD, '14. realise to so great an ex tent that their future in America and in the world must, in the long run, depend upon the trained intellects of their most gifted men. The sending of colored boys and girls to college to-day is discouraged within the race and without. A long campaign of ridicule, abuse and argument has tried to tell colored people that the higher training of youth is unnecessary and wasteful. Outside the Negro race philanthropists have been unwilling to help Negro colleges or to encourage Negroes to go to college. Bright graduates of industrial schools have had every difficulty placed in their pathway to keep them from taking higher and broader courses. Only indomitable perseverance has put such men as W. T. B. Williams, of Hampton, and George W . Crawford, of Tuskegee, through Harvard and Yale. Northern white colleges, have, in the last ten years, ceased to encourage Negro students and, in many cases, actively discouraged them. The latest case of this is Cornell University, where a quiet attempt is being made to drive the colored students out of the dormitories. In some places prospective colored students are tactfully discouraged, as when a colored boy wrote to Ohio State University to ask about a course in Engineering, he was sent this encouraging answer by the President: "I should be very glad to aid you in any way possible in securing an education in Electrical Engineering. I regret to say, however, that I have nothing at my disposal for your encouragement. There is no objection to your coming to the Ohio State University A MISSIONARY IN EDUCATION RECENT CLASS (See Page 118) TH E CRISIS MR. R. B. JACKSON, MISS E. C CONNOR, MR. L. R. POSEY, Atlanta University. Atlanta and entering any course tor which you are qualified. Every year we have a number of young people of both sexes of the Negro race who attend the University without any embarrassment or hindrance. The way is entirely open so far as that is concerned, and I shall be glad to be of any assistance to you in my power. "On one matter, however, I feel constrained to say just a word. The sentiment north of the Ohio River seems to be so persistent against the Negro in skilled labor that I doubt very much whether an educated Negro has a fair show or a show worth while in this part of the country." At Smith College this year the usual battle "along the color line" had to be fought and, fortunately, justice and decency prevailed. Both Columbia and Chicago Universities have been active lately in discouraging colored students in their summer schools by various devices. Despite all this, colored boys and girls go to college, and colored colleges survive. At University. Fisk University. lanta University graduates ten college students led by Eva Cornelia Connor and Robert Benton Jackson. Fisk University sends out thirty-five Bachelors and two Masters led by Sadie Iola Daniel, summa cum laude, and Leroy Raadel Posey. Benedict College graduates seven college students led by Juliette Alberta Boykin and Edith Corinne Bishop. Julius C. Bryant and Charles L. Jefferson rank highest in the class of thirty-five Bachelors from Lincoln University. Wilberforce University sends out three col-' lege graduates led by Charles E. Burch. Arkansas Baptist College graduates five college students led by Claiborne F. Taylor and John R. Booker. Eight Bachelors from Virginia Union University are led by Vattel E. Daniel and N . D. Oyderinde. Isaiah H Bonner and Herman H . Black lead the class of three sent out by Knoxville College. James Brooks Dickens is the honor student in the class of four Bachelors graduating from Lane College. Talladega College confers five Bachelors' degrees. Walden Uni- MR. H. R. TURNER. MISS VIVIEN HUNTER. MR. WALTER MADDUX, Rhode Island College. University of Minnesota. University of Kansas. COLLEGES AND THEIR GRADUATES 133 MISS P. R. OBERDORFER, MISS J. A.Howard University. MISS E. C.Benedict versity graduates nine college students led by Earnest Charles Martin and Luther Edgar Vincent. Ambrose Nutt and James H . Jones lead the college class of six graduated by Morehouse College. Five students led by Ethelyn Gardner and Fannie Mason receive Bachelors' degrees from Spelman seminary. Howard University confers sixty-eight Bachelors' degrees—forty-nine in the College of Arts and Sciences with Eva B. Dykes, summa turn laude, and Lloyd H . Newman leading and nineteen in the Teachers' College with Pauline Richardson Oberdorfer and Olive Mae Wells leading. This is the largest colored college class in modern history. Morris Brown College graduates two college students, J. Wesley Butts and C. H . Fountain. Leola May Pettijohn ranks first in the college class graduates from the Delaware State Col lege for Colored Students. The fifteen colleges enumerated will confer two hundred Bachelor of Arts degrees, eleven Bachelor of Science degrees and two Master of Arts degrees. There are probably at least twenty-five other college graduates BOYKIN. MISS L. M. PETTIJOHN, BISHOP, Delaware State College.  College. from institutions which have not reported to us. Turning to Northern colleges Harvard sends out this year two Bachelors of Arts, one of whom, A. L. Jackson, is class orator, and the other, Lucius Lee Jordan, takes his degree cum laude. There are also two grad uates in Law, Benjamin A . M . Green and Beecher A . Jackson, and one in Divinity, James A . Wright. Yale sends out two grad uates from the School of Religion, Edward K . Nichols and Aiken A . Pope. From Columbia Willis N . Huggins graduates as Bachelor of Science from the Teachers' College, and Byron K . Armstrong, Clayton French and Samuel Rose receive Master's degrees. From Oberlin University there are five graduates with Bachelors' degrees, Kathryn E. Stewart, L. Emmet Drewry, Ruby M . Wiley, H . H . Jones and Iphigenia Coles; there are also two Masters in Arts, Mary 10. Brown and Laura F. Grayson, and one graduate in Theology, Arnold E. Gregory. From the University of Michigan there are the following graduates: J . M . MR. A. B. NUTT, MR. C. L. JEFFERSON, MR. J. C. BRYANT, Morehouse College. Lincoln University. Lincoln University. TH E CRISIS MRS. G. E. RUSH, MR. A. E. GREGORY, University of Kansas. Des Moines College. Oberlin College. MR. LEROY ROBBINS, Gregory, Surgical Dentistry; J. A. FrankUniversity there are three graduates with lin, Medicine; Charles Campbell, Law; Masters' degrees, Thomas I. Brown, E. M. A. Curtis Jenkins and Charles A. Johnson, Chandler and John Purnell. Mr. Brown was Pharmacy. Mr. Gregory has made an espe-Assistant Editor of the College Monthly. MR. J. M. GREGORY, MR. E. K. NICHOLS, MR. G. C. ELLIS, University of Michigan. Yale University. University o£ Illinois. cially good record, standing so high as to be Two Bachelors, John Eckles and William exempt from most examinations. Walter Haynes; one Engineer, Thomas Bailey, and Depou took his Master's degree from the Unithree Pharmacists, H. D. Primes, W. W. versity of Chicago in August. From Clark Stewart and W. W. Wilson, are sent out MR. J. H. ECKLES. MR. W. H. HUGGINS, MR. W. G. MOSELY. University of Pittsburg. Columbia University. University of Colorado. COLLEGES AND THEIR GRADUATES MR. J. R. BOOKER. MR. J. H. JONES. MR. C. F. TAYLOR. Arkansas Baptist College. Morehouse College. Arkansas Baptist College. from the University of Pittsburgh. Vivien versity. Dickinson College sends out one A. Hunter receives a Bachelor's degree from student of Law, J. Stewart Davis. Nathaniel the University of Minnesota. The University Wiley receives a Bachelor of Science degree of Kansas sends out three Bachelors, Edward from Ohio University. Wheaton College MISS S. G. DANIELS, MR. J. B. DICKENS, MR. C. E. BURCH, Fisk University. Lane College. Wilberforce University. Baker, Walter Maddux and Neosho Venersends out one Bachelor, J. Henry Lewis. able, and one graduate in Fine Arts, Leroy Henry I. Asher takes a Bachelor's degree at Robbins. Hazel Jean Lewis completes a Indiana University. Harvey R. Turner Teacher's Training Course in Miami Uni-completes a course in Civil Engineering at MR. J. H. PURNELL, MR. E. J. CHEEKS, MR. T. M. BAILEY, Clark University. Purdue University. University of Pittsburg. TH E CRISIS MR. H. C. ASHER, MR. L. E. DREWRY-MR. U. S. DONALDSON, Obcrlin College. Hillsdale College. Indiana University. Rhode Island College. Hillsdale College sends out one Master of Science, St. Elmo sends out one Bachelor, U . S. Donaldson. Brady, and one Bachelor, George C. Ellis. Washburn College confers a Bachelor's deWilliam G. Mosely takes a Bachelor's degree gree upon Arthur W. Hardy. Mrs. Ger-at the University of Colorado. Benjamin T. MR. NATHANIEL WILEY, MR. E. M. A. CHANDLER. MR. S. E. BRADY, Ohio University. Clark University. University of Illinois. trude E. Rush takes a Bachelor's degree at Withers graduates from the College of DenDes Moines College. Elmer J. Cheeks comtal and Oral Surgery in New York City with pletes the Electrical Engineering course at Honorary Mention. Daniel David Fowler Purdue University. The University of Illinois graduates from the Mining Enginering De- MR. J. A. WRIGHT. MR. L. L. JORDAN, MR. J. W. CRUMP, Andover Theological Seminary. Harvard. University of Iowa. COLLEGES AND THEIR GRADUATES 137 MR. H. H. BLACK. MR. L. E. VINCENT, MR. E. C. MARTIN, Knoxville College. Walden University. Walden University. partment of the Case School of Applied from the Domestic Science Department of Science. From the Dental Department of Drake University. Temple University are sent out, Clarence In all, we have received of the following Bailey, Charles Ferguson, John Holley, Per- degrees: Master of Arts, five; Master of MR. T. I. BROWN , MISS H. J. LUCAS, MR. J. A. FRANKLIN, Clark University. Miami University. University of Michigan. cival Johnson, Cenute Richardson; from the Science, one; Bachelor of Arts, nineteen; Medical Department are sent, George Fal- Bachelor of Science, seven; Bachelor of Mu coner, Arthur Johnson, George Walker and sic, one; Law, six; Engineering, four; Medi-John Watkins. Martha Loeffler graduates cine, Pharmacy and Dentistry, fourteen; MR. N. D. OGERINDE, MR. I. H. BONNER, MR. V. E. DANIEL, Virginia Union University. Knoxville College. Virginia Union University. TH E CRISIS MISS M. E. BROWN, MISS K. E. STEWART, MISS IPHIGENIA COLES, Oberlin. Oberlin. Oberlin. Theology, four; Fine Arts, one; Teacher's Training Course, one. There are probably ten or twelve other colored graduates of which we have no record. The colored colleges of the South seem to have had a fairly prosperous year. Fisk has gotten the beginning of her endowment; Walden has a new President, George F. Durgin, who has begun the erection of new buildings and will raise the standard of the curriculum; Spelman Seminary has appointed a Supervisor of Industrial Work in Rural Schools in Fulton County. The Hon. Wil liam Jennings Bryan, Secretary of State, delivered the commencement address at Howard. Miss Laura Wheeler, a colored girl of Hartford, Conn., has been awarded a European Traveling Scholarship by the Pennsylvania Academy of Fine Arts for her work in the Illustration Department. Miss Isabel Vandervall, of Orange, N . J., a Junior in the New York Medical College and Hospital for Women, received both prizes which are usually awarded to members of her class. A t the commencement exercises, which were held in the Waldorf Astoria, the first prize, $25.00 in gold, was awarded Miss Vandervall for attaining the highest average in her class for the year; she received the second prize, a gold watch, which is given by Judge Alfred Ommen, for making the highest mark in the Medical Jurisprudence Examination. Messrs. J. E. Rose, Howard University 1913, and Mordecai W . Johnson, University of Chicago 1913, the only Negro students at the Rochester Theological Seminary, have each won an Honor Scholarship of $250 for the year 1914-1915. The intercollegiate essay contest prize of $50 offered a year ago by Prof. Kelly Miller for the best essay on "The Effect of Emancipation upon the Physical Conditon of the Negro" has been awarded to Adolph Hodge, of Howard University. Julian H . Lewis, a young colored man of Cairo, 111., has been awarded the second annual Howard Taylor Rickett prize of $250 by the medical faculty of the University of Chicago for original research work in the department of pathology. Mr. Lewis re- MR. J. S. DAVIS, MR. CHARLES CAMPBELL. MR. D. D. FOWLER, Dickinson College. University of Michigan. Case School of Applied Science. COLLEGES AND THEIR GRADUATES 139 MR. W. G. HAYES. MISS L. F. GRAYSON. MR. A. W. HARDY. University of Pittsburg. Oberlin. Washburn College. ceived his Master's degree from the University of Illinois in 1912, and entered Chicago University in the fall of that year. In two colleges there have been administration difficulties between teachers, and students, Shaw and Clark (South Atlanta, Ga.). Shaw has, unfortunately been compelled to give up her medical school. No conspicuous gifts to Negro education have been made during the year but several bequests of $5,000 to $20,000 have been made. A t the spring meeting of John D. Rockefeller's $40,000,000 education foundation Board, $15,000 was added to the annual subscription of $10,000 toward the current expenses of Hampton, an annual subscription of $10,000 was made to Tuskegee and one of $15,000 to Spelman Seminary; $36,000 was appropriated for the maintenance of Rural School Supervisors in each of the Southern States. Colored summer schools ar e becoming better organized and larger in five or six leading centers. The American Colonization Society, whose invested funds have "RICHELIEU" AT HOWARD UNIVERSITY. been used chiefly to ]jay salaries in the last five decades, has transferred a sum of $60, 000 to Liberia for an industrial school. The United States Bureau of Education has co-operated with the Phelps-Stokes Fund to make a study of Negro institutions. As the investigators, so far as known, represent the industrial idea chiefly, some apprehension is felt by Negro colleges as to the .forthcoming report The year in athletics and debates has been interesting. Atlanta, Fisk and Howard debated the Monroe doctrine and Atlanta and Howard were victorious. Wilberforce won the debate on government ownership of telegraph and telephone sys tems with Howard. No general athletic championship between colored colleges has been established, but in Atlanta Morris Brown College leads in baseball this year, not having lost a single game. In the annual track meet participated in by the four Atlanta colleges, Morehouse won the most points. Fisk and Howard have played up to their usual standard. TH E CRISIS MISS N. E. VENERABLE. LLOYD H. NEWMAN. EVA B. DYKES. University of Kansas. Howard University. Howard University. A YEAR'S WORK Reports of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People at the Baltimore Meeting BESIDE the executive officers from the New York office, there were twelve delegates, representing thirteen branches of the Association in various parts of the country, and also several written reports. A brief resume of some of these reports follows: CLEVELAND Mr. Harry E. Davis reported that the branch started with 21 members and now enroll over 200. 'When only three weeks old it arranged the largest meeting in the interest of colored people ever held in Cleveland. The attendance was over 2,500, including many prominent white citizens, and Dr. Spingarn made the chief address. Prejudice against colored people in Cleveland is less pronounced than in many places, but there is discrimination in restaurants and other public places, and recent attempts at discrimination in certain public institutions. A n effort has been made also to insert clauses in real estate deeds restricting transfer of property to colored citizens. The branch plans a legal defense fund and a large increase in members. HOWARD UNIVERSITY Mr. S. A. Allen, President of the University Chapter, outlined its history and work. It has listened to addresses by Dr. Spingarn, Mr. Neval Thomas, Prof. Kelly Miller, Prof. L. B. Moore, President Newman, Mr. Archibald Grimke, Mr. W. A. Hawkins. It has celebrated the birthdays of Lincoln and Douglass, and presented a picture of Lincoln to the University. The Chapter has encouraged the organization of branches in other colleges and has already started two such branches. It has protested to the National Biscuit Company for discharging employees and attempting a boycott. KANSAS CITY Mr. J. D. Bowser told of the fight in this city against segregation and the "Jim Crow'' street laws which has been successful. The branch also protested against the refusal to admit colored welfare workers to a factory in Kansas City and has received assurance that in future no such discrimination will be made. Not being able to secure admission to the public bath house the branch has sue A YEAR'S WORK ceeded in having a colored bath house erected with all modern appliances. The branch has also successfully contested state bills against intermarriage. QUINCY, ILLINOIS This branch was first organized four years ago as a civic league to maintain the rights of colored children in the city public schools. It finally became a branch of the Association with several distinguished white members. It has suffered in the past year because of the activity of a certain Z. W. Mitchell, who has a notorious record in Ohio, Minnesota and Canada. MINNEAPOLIS AND ST. PAUL Father Theobald, a colored priest of the Catholic Church, reported for both these branches. They have been but recently organized and include representative colored and white people. The St. Paul branch has held several notable meetings and the Minneapolis branch has two pieces of work: one under Father Cleary, is an endeavor to obtain better employment for colored youth; the other movement is an attempt to check growing discrimination in public schools. Rabbi Dinehart has made several addresses for the Association and has asked the churches in Minneapolis to devote one Sunday a year to the Negro problem. BALTIMORE Dr. Cardoza, President of the branch, reported successful meetings and campaigns for new members and the work of legal redress. Since January they have secured an order from Judge Dawkins declaring that if the Baltimore, Chesapeake and Annapolis Steamboat Company did not furnish equal accommodations for colored and white passengers, he would see that they were forced to do so. The last legislature considered a "Jim-Crow" street car bill and a bill to enable cities and towns to segregate colored people. Both these bills were killed largely as a result of hard work on the part of the Branch. DETROIT Father Bagnall, a colored Episcopal Rector, reported that this branch was not generally well-known in the city until Dr. Spingarn's visit. The branch has been divided into two great committees, each having weekly meetings. During the past year fourteen cases of discrimination in theatres have been fought and four of them won. The Ford Automobile Shop began to discriminate against colored people in some lines of work, but this has been stopped and three colored electricians are now employed in the plant at a wage of nine dollars a day. One of them works side by side with Mr. Ford. During Mr. Spingarn's visit colored people were for the first time admitted to the largest hotel to attend a banquet given in his honor. BOSTON Mr. Butler Wilson, Secretary, said that the branch had in its membership a large number of sons and daughters of the abolitionists. During the year one hundred public and semi-public meetings have been held. The legal redress committee is at present trying to secure the indictment of certain wealthy and influential white men who made a most outrageous assault upon a defenseless colored servant girl. The branch has been fighting the policy of certain department stores in naming a new color shade in a manner insulting to colored people. Several of the stores have ceased the custom. DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA Mr. Neval H. Thomas spoke of three lines of work in this branch: first, to reach the masses of colored people with our propaganda; second, to raise funds, and third, to fight hostile legislation. A series of remarkable mass meetings have been held and the Committee of Fifty and More has carried the message of the Association to churches, lodges and neighborhoods. The branch has contributed $3,883 to the New York headquarters and hopes it can soon contribute $1,000 a month. Mr. Grimke, the President, has represented the Association at congressional hearings and has been largely instrumental in securing the postponement of segregation bills. He made an effective protest against the intermarriage bill, and succeeded in hastening plans for the new colored high school. The branch has secured a column each week in the new colored newspaper, the Washington Sun, where an account of the work will be published regularly. CHICAGO Mr. Hallinan, one of the directors, told of a fight made in the Illinois legislature against five intermarriage bills, a "Jim Crow" car bill, and a bill discriminating against colored chair car porters. A vigilance committee has been formed and is now fighting with vigor a case of incendiarism where the home TH E CRISIS of a colored chaffeur in Oak Park was burned. A committee is seeking to amend the State Civil Rights Bill so as to include cemeteries and hospitals. A case arose where a colored family, having made several burials in one cemetery was refused the right to bury the rest of the family. This case is now before the United States Supreme Court on appeal. Two or three of the thirty hospitals in Chicago have begun to advertise that they do not take colored patients, and attempted segregation "and discrimination in the public schools are creeping in. Al l these matters the branch is fighting vigorously. There were also reports from Indianapolis, Providence, and the recently formed Harrisburg branch. A CRISIS AGEN T AND ORGANIZER Miss Katherine M . Johnson, who began as an agent of TH E CRISIS in Kansas City, Kansas, and who has. in the last year travelled over the South and West in the interest of TH E CRISIS and the Association, made a vivid report. She found the colored people of Texas sympathetic but, on the whole, afraid to organize branches lest it be known that they were affiliated with the descendants of the abolitionists. In several towns there were some threats of violence, particularly one, where they had recently lynched a Negro. In Louisiana the percentage of illiteracy is very high. Most of the colored people had never heard of the Association. It was reported to Miss Johnson that in seventy parishes in the state there was not a single school building for colored children, and that in New Orleans only S.000 out of 28,000 colored children of school age were enrolled. THE CRISIS The manager of TH E CRISIS reported that the net paid circulation of TH E CRISIS for the month of May was 35.93S copies. He described the difficulties of magazine making to-day, the severe competition of ten and fifteen cent publications, and the difficulty of securing advertising for a publication like TH E CRISIS. Already TH E CRISIS has a circulation twice as large as any publication issued in the interest of colored people. It has a force of over seven hundred agents in all parts of the Union, in all our dependencies, in South America and the West Indies, and in Europe, Asia, Africa and Australia. Nevertheless, it must have a larger circulation in order to solve its peculiar problem. W e ought to have 50,000 subscribers immediately and 100,000 within five years. Already TH E CRISIS subscription list is a sort of national directory of influential colored people and their sympathizers. It should be made even more complete in this respect. TH E OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY The Secretary of the Association, Miss May Childs Nerney, reported briefly on the work of field organization. She said that the membership of the Association was now over 4,000, there were 27 branches, 6 waiting for admission, and about 40 locals which may become branches. These range as far South as Shreveport, La., and Talladega, Ala., and west to San Francisco and Seattle. She reported equally encouraging progress in organization work at Headquarters. The debt has been raised, there is modern equipment and a trained staff. The Secretary called attention to the work of some of the largest branches and described the fight against discriminating measures introduced in Congress with which the Association had been kept in touch through its legislative expert in Washington. She also mentioned the fact that often the Association does important work for which it is unable to get credit and cited as an il lustration a recent case in a well known educational institution, where the Association won a distinct victory but had been requested by the people concerned to give the matter no publicity. Miss Nerney told of the organization of the Press Bureau and the difficulties under which publicity work for such an unpopular cause as ours must be done. MR. VILLAED IN THE WEST Mr. Villard spoke in St. Louis on Monday, May 11, meeting the Executive Committee of the St. Louis branches of the Urban League and the X. A. A. C. P. in the afternoon at the public library. In the evening he addressed the annual conference of the C. M . E. Church at which a number of prominent colored bishops were present. He spoke before a fine meeting of the Kansas City branch of the N. A. A. C. P. Wednesday evening. May 13. in the Second Baptist Church, Mr. H . M. Beardsley, ex-Mayor of Kansas City, and one of the strongest men in the West, presiding at the meeting. This resulted in an increased membership for the branch. The next evening Mr. Villard ad MY dressed the Topeka branch at a meeting at the First Methodist Church which was presided over by Mr. Arthur Capper, the Progressive candidate for Governor, and foremost newspaper proprietor of Kansas. Mr, Frank P. MacLennan of the Kansas State Journal, introduced Mr. Villard. On the next day, Friday, May 15, Mr. Villard spoke before the City Club in Kansas City, and in the afternoon met a group of leading workers of the Kansas City branch at the residence of Mr. Taylor. Many of the auditors of the City Club were Southerners by birth and education, but they listened intently to Mr. Villard's address on "Some Traitors to the South." On Saturday evening, May 16, Mr. Villard spoke in the Unitarian Church at Indianapolis before a large audience of white and colored friends of the N . A . A . C. P. Sunday evening he spoke in Bethel Church under the auspices of the Indianap HOUSE 143 olis branch, going directly from the meeting to the train for Cleveland, where he spoke in the evening at St. John's A. M. E. Church. Perhaps the most important meeting of the entire trip was the closing address at a luncheon of the Cleveland Chamber of Commerce on Tuesday, May 19, where nearly one hundred of the prominent business men of the city listened to Mr. Villard's address and asked a number of questions at the conclusion. The day previous Mr. Villard was the guest at a private luncheon of fourteen or fifteen of the leading men of the city all of whom expressed the deepest interest in the color problem and were eager to hear of the work of the N. A. A. C. P. Mr. Villard was struck by the many warm friends of the race to be found in both Cleveland and Indianapolis, and the friendly feeling of many of the leading newspaper men in Topeka, Indianapolis, and Cleveland. MY HOUSE AND A GLIMPSE OF MY LIFE THEREIN BY JESSIE FAUSET FAR away on the top of a gently sloping hill stands my house. On one side the hill slopes down into a valley, the site of a large country town; on the other it descends into a forest, thick with lofty trees and green, growing things. Here in stately solitude amid such surroundings towers my dwelling; its dull-red brick is barely visible through the thick ivy, but the gleaming tops of its irregular roof and sloping gables catch the day's sunlight and crown it with a crown of gold. A n irregular, rambling building is this house of mine, built on no particular plan, following no order save that of desire and fancy. Peculiarly jutting rooms appear, and unsuspected towers and bay-windows,— the house seems almost to have built itself and to have followed its own will in so doing. If there be any one distinct feature at all, it is that halls long and very broad traverse the various parts of the house, separating a special set of rooms here, making another division there. Splendid halls are these, with fire places and cosy arm-chairs, and delightful, dark corners, and mysterious closets, and broad, shallow stairs. Just the place in winter for a host of young people to gather before the fire-place, and with popcorn and chestnuts, stories and apples, laugh away the speeding hours, while the wind howls without. The hall on the ground floor has smaller corridors that branch off and lead at their extremity into the garden. Surely, no parterre of the East, perfumed with all the odors of Araby, and peopled with houris, was ever so fair as my garden! Surely, nowhere does the snow lie so pure and smooth and deep, nowhere are the evergreen trees so very tall and stately as in my garden in winter! Most glorious is it in late spring and early June. Out on the green, green sward I sit under the blossoming trees; in sheer delightful idleness I spend my hours, listening to the blending of wind-song with the "sweet jargoning" of little birds. If a shower threatens I flee across my garden's vast expanse, past the gorgeous rosebushes and purple lilacs, and safe within my little summer-house, watch the "straight-falling rain," and think of other days, and sighing wish that Kathleen and I had not parted in anger that far-off morning. 144 THE When the shower ceases, 1 hasten down the broad path, under the shelter of lofty trees, until I reach one of my house's many doors. Once within, but still in idle mood, I perch myself on a window-seat and look toward the town. Tall spires and godly church steeples rise before me; high above all climbs the town clock; farther over in the west, smoke is curling from the foundries. How busy is the life beyond my house! Through the length of the long hall to the window' at the opposite side I go, and watch the friendly nodding of tall trees and the tender intercourse of all this beautiful green life. Suddenly the place becomes transformed—this is an enchanted forest, the Forest Morgraunt — in and out among the trees pass valiant knights and distressed ladies. Prosper le Gai rides to the rescue of Isoult la Desirous. Surely, the forest life beyond my house is full of purpose and animation, too. From the window I roam past the sweet, familiar chambers, to the attic staircase, with its half-hidden angles and crazy old baluster. Up to the top of the house I go, to a dark little storeroom under the eaves. I open the trap-door in the middle of the ceiling, haul down a small ladder, mount its deliriously wobbly length, and behold, 1 am in my chosen domain—a queen come into her very own! If I choose I can convert it into a dread and inaccessible fortress, by drawing up my ladder and showering nutshells and acorns down on the heads of would-be intruders. Safe from all possible invasion, I browse through the store of old, old magazines and quaint books and journals, or wander half- timidly through my infinite unexplored land of mystery, picking my way past heaps of delightful rubbish and strong, secret chests, fancying goblins in the shadowy corners, or watching from the little windows the sunbeams' play on the CRISIS garden, and the grey-blue mist hanging far-off over the hollow valley. From such sights and fancies I descend to my library, there to supplement my flitting ideas with the fixed conception of others. Although I love every brick and little bit of mortar in my dwelling, my library is of all portions the very dearest to me. In this part of the house more than any place else, have those irregular rooms been added, to receive my ever-increasing store of books. In the large room,—the library proper,—is a broad, old-fashioned fire-place, and on the rug in front I lie and read, and read again, all the dear simple tales of earlier days, "Mother Goose," "Alice in Wonderland," "The Arabian Nights"; here, too, I revel in modern stories of impossible adventure. But when a storm rises at night, say, and the rain beats and dashes, and all without is raging, I draw a huge, red armchair before the fire and curl into its hospitable depths, "And there I sit Reading old things, Of knights and lorn damsels, While the wind sings— Oh, drearily sings!" Off in one of the little side-rooms stands my desk, covered with books that have caught my special fancy and awakened my thoughts. This is my living-room, where I spend my moods of bitterness and misunderstanding, and questioning, and joy, too, I think. Often in the midst of a heap of books, the Rubaiyat and a Bible, Walter Pater's Essays, and "Robert Elsmere" and "Aurora Leigh," and books of belief, of insinuation, of open unbelief, I bow my head on my desk in a passion of doubt and ignorance and longing, and ponder, ponder. Here on this desk is a book in which I jot down all the little, beautiful word-wonders, whose meanings are so often unknown to me, but whose very mystery I love. I write, "In. THE BURDEN Vishnu Land what Avatar?" and "After the red pottage comes the exceedingly bitter cry," and all the other sweet, incomprehensible fragments that haunt my memory so. High up on many of the shelves in the many rooms are books as yet unread by me, Schopenhauer and Gorky, Petrarch and Sappho, Goethe and Kant and Schelling; much of Ibsen, Plato and Ennius and Fir dausi, and Lafcadis Hearn,—a few of these in the original. With such reading in store for me, is not my future rich? Can such a house as this one of mine be without immediate and vivid impression on its possessor? First and most of all it imbues me with a strong sense of home; banishment from my house would surely be life's most bitter sorrow. It is so eminently and fixedly mine, my very own, that the mere possession of it,—a house not yours or another's, but mine, to live in as I will,—is very sweet to me. It is absolutely the chey soi of my soul's desire. With this sense of ownership, a sense which is deeper than I can express, a sense which is almost a longing for some unknown, explainable, entire possession—passionate, spiritual absorption of my dwelling—comes a feeling that is almost terror. Is it right to feel thus, to have this vivid, permeating and yet wholly intellectual enjoyment of the material loveliness and attractiveness of my house? Ma y this not be perhaps a sensuality of the mind, whose influence may be more insidious, more pernicious, more powerful to unfit me for the real duties of life than are other lower and yet more open forms of enjoyment? Oh, I pray not! My house is inexpressibly dear to me, but the light of the ideal beyond, "the light that never was on sea or land," is dearer still. This, then, is my house, and this, in measure, is my life in my house. Here, amid my favorite books, and pictures, and fancies, and longings, and sweet mysteries, shall old age come upon me, in fashion most inglorious, but in equal degree most peaceful and happy. Perhaps—that is! For after all my house is constructed of dream-fabric, and the place of its building is—Spain! THE BURDEN ANOTHER SOUTHERN DISASTER THE News Leader, a "white" afternoon paper of Rich , mond, Va., is "opposed" to woman suffrage and also to Negroes. Recently it offered Ten Dollars for the best argument against woman suffrage. The contest was very successful. TheLeader says: "The contest editor, a man of some experience in this line of—well, we will call it work, for short—is frank to confess that no more interesting reading ever came under his observation, no keener competition for first honors was ever waged in a similar event in his knowledge, and no more difficult contest problem ever confronted him than of selecting what he thought the best answer in the 625 received." Then the managing editor wrote a right gallant epistle: "Dear Mrs. Goode, "Herewith the News Leader wishes to hand you a check for Ten Dollars ($10), for your very excellent answer submitted in the contest, it having been declared the best received. We congratulate you on your winning the first prize, and hope that when other contests are arranged we will see one or more answers from you. "The Contest Editor would like to publish a photograph of you. Will you be kind enough to oblige us by sending the picture, which will be returned to you after an etching is made of it? "Yours very truly, (Signed) "Louis A . MACMAHON, "Managing Editor." November 1, 1913. Mrs. Goode responded with her photograph. It was not published in the Leader for lack of space and so THE CRISIS is kindly releasing the Leader of its natural embarrassment. "M y Dear Mrs. Goode" has also received a most cordial appeal from the Virginia ladies "Opposed," etc. Mrs. Goode was formerly an assistant in the Congressional Library but went to Virginia to mother nine children whose own mother was dead. TH E CRISIS MRS. A. J. GOODE. "The latter work is not productive of as many luxuries as I enjoyed at Washington, but the privilege of shaping so many young lives after my ideas of the beautiful, gives me a sense of happiness which words cannot express." We are sorry that Mrs. Goode is opposed to votes for women and we are also sorry for the News Leader, but we think it quite permissible to chuckle quietly over the whole affair. 13 CIVIL SERVICE REFORM FOR the first time in fifteen years, Dublin has no Negro clerks in her postoffice. James Tillery, who has held office here for the past fifteen years, has been removed, and Monday morning the order removing him went into effect. Postmaster V . L. Stanley received a telegram several days ago from Congressman Hughes stating that Tillery had been removed, but the papers in the case did not reach liim until Saturday. It is understood that the charges against Tillery were incompetency and conduct unbecoming a postal employe. It will be remembered that he was indicted some time ago on the charge of arson, and although this indictment is several years old he has never cleared up this charge against him. Tillery was put in as clerk in the Dublin postoffice during the first administration of President McKinley and Postmaster Clark Grier over the protest of the people of both the city and county and over the protest of congressmen from the Eleventh district, * Hon. W. G. Brantley, who represented Laurens at that time. He has held office continually since up to the last day of May, this year. Besides being the only Negro clerk in the Twelfth district, Tillery was so far as known the only Negro clerk in a postoffice in the entire state. The people of Dublin and the patrons of the Dublin office all over the county generally commend Congressman Hughes for having him removed.—Dublin (Ga.) Courier-Herald. Dear Sir: Enclosed you will find a clipping from the daily paper of my home which tells its own story. I do not care a straw for the loss of the job, but I do want it known that I was put out for nothing in the world, but because my face was black. You will note that Congressman Dudley M . Hughes, of the 12th district, spent as much energy as it would take to stop the Mexican war, to put out of a job, one poor black man. I was under the Civil Service law, and they could not get anything against me whatever, but went back five years and dug up an old case which was brought against me for political reasons and for which a court of law in Georgia would have long ago put me away in the penitentiary, if there had been the slightest bit of evidence. Hughes and the Postmaster, V. L. Stanley, got after me as soon as the Democrats came in power, but were long unable to show sufficient cause to remove me. Finally, I was removed 60 days ago, but the Postmaster, when he received the papers, could not find anyone at the time competent to fill my place; he and his assistant wrote and made visits to both Macon and Atlanta to find a white man who was competent to take my position, and failing iii this they had to put up with a white man who has been working in the office for several years but who they all agree is not as competent as I was. I would like to give this matter as wide airing as possible. I am going to write the Civil Service Commission at Washington to have the matter investigated, though I do not have any hopes that they will. I would not accept another position under the present Postmaster, as a Negro cannot work under him if he has a spark of manhood left in him. I did not ask any favors, but fought every move they made, and after doing this I am perfectly satisfied. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER am a reader of TH E CRISIS, and always AMBLER, PA ., June 11, 1914. will be, for we have got to fight our own battles, and if I fight and lose, I do not give Mrs. Harry C. Hart has not renewed her up nor do I get discouraged. If I live I will subscription and docs not wish to have the certainly meet them again. CRISIS sent to her because she does not find that the paper teaches Peace, and docs not Respectfully yours, promote the mutual respect between the white (Signed) JAMES TILLERY. and colored races, which in the northern (We notice that Mr. Tillery runs a nice states used to exist and which ought to exist little photographic gallery "on the side.") always. Do you like the Colored agents wanted everywhere to supply CRISIS? the big demand for our high grade Calling Cards. Latest Styles and sizes for ladies or gentlemen, with or without address, 100 for 50 If you do you are willing to help increase its circulation. You can do that by speaking cents for 50 for 25 cents. Outfit free. Large to your friends about the magazine. If you commission. Exclusive territory. All orders wish sample copies sent to your friends simply drop us a card with names and addresses. filled promptly. Write for samples and terms. TH E CRISIS The House of Chowning, Indianapolis, Ind. 70 Fifth Avenue New York City PRINTING T o be of value, the printed page must make its appeal by means of correct STATIONERY and must give evidence of careful and artistic workmanship. The same is true of ENGRAVING We Print THE CRISIS ROBERT N. WOOD, Printing and Engraving 202 EAST 99th STREET Telephone: Lenox 6667 NEW YORK Mention TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER LET YOUR MONEY EARN A CLEAR DIVIDEND An investment in the Turner Building Limited, a company incorporated to own and construct an office building on Lot 28, Block 13, River Lot 12 and 14, in the business district of the city of Edmonton, Province of Alberta, Canada, will earn clear profit for you from the commencement of business. This is not a speculation but an absolute legitimate, safe and profitable investment showing a clear profit after all estimated expenses have been paid. The building is already leased to a responsible realty broker of Edmonton. A limited number of shares are now offered to the public at $1 per share. 70% of the total capital has already been arranged with local Edmonton business men. The fact that our proposition is centered in the city of Edmonton needs no further assurance as to the ultimate value of our proposition. Edmonton today is the fastest growing city on the continent, with a population of 75,000 and increasing at the rate of 15,000 annually. Our property is now worth $10,000 and undoubtedly within a few years will be worth twice the amount. Owing to the limited amount of space we are unable to produce here all of the good qualities of our proposition. We invite you to address the Turner Building Limited, 102 Brown Building, Edmonton, for further and complete information or cut out the following coupon and mail at once. INFORMATION COUPON Cut out this blank and mail with check, postal or money order or currency for one dollar for one share which will earn for you a clear profit from the start and the investment will be continually increasing in value. 1914 CLIFFORD C. MITCHELL, Fiscal Agent, Turner Building, Ltd., 102 Brown Bldg., P. O. Box 2, Edmonton, Canada. DEAR SIR : Enclosed please find $1 for 1 share of the Turner Building, Limited. Also please send without further obligation to me a prospectus of your company and any further information that may induce me to subscribe further. It being understood that I am taking this share upon your representation that a clear profit will be made from the start. You agreeing to return the money with 5% interest if the required amount is not subscribed for within sixty days. Name Occupation Address Mention THE CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 149 Homes in Long Island! Few people realize the wonderful possibilities of Long Island property, the rapid growth of that section of the city and us wonderful future. WE ARE SELLING GOOD HOMES IN CORONA, with all improvements, only five cents carefare to New York. Corona is in the very center of Greater New York, and in a few months will be reached by the rapid transit lines of Manhattan, giving to the people of that section of the city a five-cent carfare to any section of Manhattan. The only place within thirty minutes of Times Square, Grand Central Station or the Pennsylvania Station, where the man of small means can get a modern home with all improvements at a moderate cost. We would be glad to have you visit Corona at our expense. Corona is one of the highest elevations in New York City has an excellent car service, good schools, excellent water supply and the best place in all New York for children. For full particulars as to price and terms address L. S. REED &amp; COMPANY 142 HUNTER AVENUE :: LONG ISLAND CITY Some choice investment lots for $50 on reasonable terms ^$3000 FOR YOU That's the money yon should get this year. I mean it. I want County Sales Manager* quick, men or women who believe in the square deal, who will go into partnership with me. No experience needed. My folding Bath Tub has taken the country by storm. Solves the bathing problem. No plumbing, no water works required- Full length bath in any room. Folds in small roll, handy as an umbrella. I tell yon it's great! GREAT ! Rivals $100 bath room. Now listen! I want YO U to handle your county. I'll furnish demonstrating tub on liberal plan. I'm positive—absolutely certain—you ran get bigger money in a week with me than you ever made in a month before. I KNOW IT! Two Sates a Day— $300.00 a Month '^yviii} That's what you should pet—©very month. Needed in every home, badly wanted, eagerly bought. Modern bathing facilities for all the people. Take the orders tight and left. Quick sale*, immense profits. Look at these men— Smith, Ohio, got ]R orders first week; Meyers, Wis., $2-&gt;0 profit first r m&gt;mtli; Newton, California, $00 in three days. You should do as well. 2 SALES A DAY MEANS $^U0 A M UNTIL The work is very easy, pleasant, permanent, fascinating. It means a business o£ your own. Lit!)a capital needed. I grant credit—Help you out —Bark you up Don't doubt— Don't hesitate— Don't hold hack—You cannot lose. My other men are Building house?, bank accounts, HO can you. Ait then — H" " BEND NO MONEY. Just name on penny post curd .V' for free tub offer. Hustle! 42 2 Factories Bldg., 9 Rnhirunn Pre? TOLEDO, OHIO H. S. Robinson, Pres., Canadian Branch — Walkorville, Oil. Mention TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER A Selected List of Books Postage Extra TH E QUEST OF TH E SILVER FLEECE. (W . E. B. D U Bois; $1.35 HOUSE BEHIND TH E CEDARS. (Charles W . Chesnutt) 1.50 HAZEL. (Mary White Ovington) 1.00 TH E AUTOBIOGRAPHY OF AN EX-COLORED MAN . (Anonymous) 1.20 LYRICS OF LOWL Y LIFE. (Paul Laurence Dunbar) 1.25 TH E MARROW OF TRADITION. (Charles W. Chesnutt) 1.50 TH E SPORT OF TH E GODS. (Paul Laurence Dunbar) 1.50 NORRIS WRIGHT CUNEY. (Maud Cuney Hare) 1.50 A NARRATIVE OF TH E NEGRO. (Leila Amos Pendleton) 1.50 SOULS OF BLAC K FOLK. (W. E. B. D U Bois) 1.25 RACE ADJUSTMENT. (Kelly Miller) 2.00 HISTORY OF TH E NEGRO. (B. G . Brawley) 1.25 HAL F A MAN . (Mary White Ovington) 1.00 MIND OF PRIMITIVE MAN . (Franz Boas) 1.50 AFTERMATH OF SLAVERY. (William Sinclair) 1.50 JOH N BROWN. (W. E. B. D U Bois) 1.25 LIBERIA. (Frederick Starr) 1.00 FACTS OF RECONSTRUCTION. (John R. Lynch) 1.50 STORY OF TH E NEGRO. 2 Volumes. (Booker T . Washington) 3.00 MASTERPIECES OF NEGRO ELOQUENCE. (Alice Moore Dunbar, Editor) 2.50 POEMS OF PAU L LAURENCE DUNBAR 2.00 TH E AFRICAN ABROAD. 2 Volumes. (William H . Ferris) 5.00 AFRO-AMERICAN FOLKSONGS. (H . E. Krehbiel) 2.00 OU T OF TH E HOUSE OF BONDAGE. (Kelly Miller) 1.50 TH E COLORED INVENTOR. (Henry E. Baker) 15 A CHILD'S STORY OF DUNBAR. (Julia L. Henderson) 25 Address TH E CRISIS 70 Fifth Avenue :: :: New York City Mention THE CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Masterpieces of Negro Eloquence Edited by ALICE MOORE DUNBAR. The one volume that contains the best speeches of fifty-one of the ablest Negroes of the United States, England, Africa and France, from 1818 to 1913. The wonderful eloquence of the most powerful Negro men and women of the world is contained in this book. Nothing more interesting and inspiring has ever been written. If you would know of the history of the race, appreciate the sacrifice for principle, understand the struggle for liberty, and properly value the oratorical achievement of the Negro, you should place this book in your library. The "Masterpieces of Negro Eloquence" will take you back to 1818, when Prince Saunders in his fascinating style eloquently pleaded for the abolition of slavery. It will give you the speech of Henry Highland Garnett, the first Negro ever asked to deliver a sermon in the United States House of Representatives; the speech of Frederick Douglass, who in 1852 with unexcelled eloquence demanded at Rochester to know, "What to the Slave Is the Fourth of July?"; the speech that made Booker Washington famous; an estimate of Toussaint L'Ouverturc, by James McCune Smith, that ranks with Wendell Phillips' famous eulogy; Charles M . Langston's defiance of the Fugitive Slave Law, delivered in 1859; Judge Ruffin's famous eulogy of Crispus Attucks, a speech that should be read by every Negro boy and girl. These are but a few of the gems culled at random from this great book. The best of our present generation is well represented. This is a book that is a library, a reference book and an historical work, an indispensable addition to the library of every intelligent Negro. A book that shows in the Dest manner the best that the Negro has done. It is carefully edited, well printed and thoroughly indexed, bound in red and green silk cloth binding, 512 pages, gold top, uncut pages, CRISIS Coupon We want every reader of TH E CRISIS to have a copy of this book. We have set aside 50,000 copies which we are going to sell CUT OUT AND to TH E CRISIS readers by allowing them to pay 50 cents down MAI L NO W and 50 cents monthly for four months. The Douglass Pub. Co., 509 N. 4th St.. Do not delay; sit down immediately, clip this coupon Harrisburg, Pa. and send it to us with 50 cents, and a copy will be sent Enclosed find 50c., for which send me a copy of you by return mail. "The Masterpieces of Negro Eloquence." I promise to pay 50c. each month until $2.50 is paid. Title of the book to reTHE DOUGLASS PUBLISHING COMPANY main with you until the sum of 2.50 is paid. HARRISBURG, PA. Name Address Mention TH E CRISIS 152 TH E CRISIS Atlanta University Studies of the Negro Problems 17 Monographs Sold Separately Address ATLANTA UNIVERSITY CONFERENCE ATLANTA UNIVERSITY ATLANTA, GA. The Curse of Race Prejudice By James F. Morton, Jr., A. M. An aggressive exposure by an Anglo-Saxon champion of equal rights. Startling facts and crushing arguments. Fascinating reading. A necessity for clear understanding and up-to-date propaganda. Belongs in the library of every friend of social justice. Price 25 cents. Send orders to JAMES F. MORTON, JR. 244 West 143d Street -:- New York, N. Y. Valuable Book at Bargain Prices Big 12c. Library of Popular Books for men, women and children. Sample copy, 10c. Circulars free. SUPERIOR SALES CO., Box 171, Milford, Ohio. $25.00 PER WEEK may be made in commissions by parties handling "History of Negro Soldiers in Spanish-American War" combined with "History of the Negro Race." 400 pages, 50 illustrations. Price $1.25 net. Address: E . A. JOHNSON 154 Nassau Street NEW YORK AGENTS WANTED—Big seller. $3 to $5 per day. Costs you from 10 to 20 cents; sells for 35 cents and up. Sample free for the asking. G. A. ALBURY Camp; CO., P. O. Box 414, Bristol, Pa. Made $30 First Day B. Basha, of Bell Island. Newfoundland, did this with our CHAMPION Minute Photo Machine That beginners make such profit at the otart, shows that no ex perience is needed in this won derful money-making business. Robt. Bock,WUlow Hill, Pa . took in $55 in one day. Vernard Baker, Holbrook, Neb., $29.90. Jas . P.Wende, Ashton, Idaho, ' S26. C.V . Lovett, Ft. Meade, Fla., made £60 in one day. These testimonials are just a few of man? hundreds we have on rile. Pictures in Post OardB and on Buttons al l the rage at Fairs, Carnivals, Picnics, Resorts, Schools, De pots, Factories, on Streets—anywhere—everywhere. Our Champion Camera takes pictures size 2!$x3H, 1VX2% and buttons. Finishes complete photo in 30 seconds: 200 an hour. No dark room. Easiest, Quickest, Direest money-maker known. Small investment. About 85c profit on each dollar you take in. Be your ovm bom. Write at once for Free Book, Testimonials and Liberal Offer. AMERICAN MINUTE PHOTO CO. 2214 Ogden Ave., Dept. A212, Chicago, 111. ADVERTISER MILES M. WEBB School of Practical Photography Al l branches of photography taught. Terms reasonable. Service efficient. Three courses : Amateur, intermediate, professional. REGISTER NOW. 3519 So. STATE STREET CHICAGO, III. Telephone Douglass 6688 FREE ShotGun JULL CHOKE Hammerless, Double-Barrel Shot Gun—very superior. Fitted with top snap-break, bar side locks, forged frame, case hardened locks and frames. Nicely finished, highly polished stock and I fore end. Polished blued steel barrels; choke bored, 12 Gauge and either 30 or 32 1 inch barrels. Well balanced and accurate. A perfect beauty. The same model used by I Borne of the best shots in the country. We give it I Absolutely FREE to Our Agents 1 Al l that we require is that you show our samples and take a few orders for our special made-to-measure clothes. We pay highest cash profits and give extra presents besides. Your choice of 628 valuable premiums—such as Leather Suit 1 Cases, Musical Instruments, Pipes, Watches, Sporting Goods, Hats,»etc. 1 Write for elegantfree outUt and full particulars 1 SPENCER MEAD CO., Dept. 873 CHICAGO Mention TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER SCHOOL OF BEAUTY CULTURE AND HAIR DRESSING Kelsey*s Hair Dressing, Hair Grower, Scalp Tonic and Face Lotion have no equal. Price, 50c. each. Guaranteed under Food and Drug Act, June 30, 1906, KELSEY'S Telephore, Morningside 8162 143 West 131st St. NEW YORK Manicuring, Shampooing, Hair Dressing, Marcel Waving. Facial and Body Massage, Hair Making, Chiropody, etc., scientifically tauglu. Unlimited practice in parlor day and night. Pupils taught at home, if desired. Diplomas. Special Summer Course, $7.50 up. Send for booklet. Mme, A. Carter Kelsey, Gen'l Instr.; Dr, Samuel A. Kelsey, Chiropodist, President and Gen'l Manager. TEACHERS The new efficiency era calls for the modern way of selecting teachers, through a live agency that furnishes the connecting medium in a business way, saves time of school officials, relieves teachers of the embarrassment of job hunting and covers the whole country. We have had calls for teachers from Alabama, Arkansas, Delaware, District of Columbia, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky, Maryland, Mississippi, Missouri, North Carolina, Oklahoma, Rhode Island, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia and West Virginia. Our list of teachers covers even a wider territory. THE MUTUAL TEACHERS* AGENCY 1335 T Street, N. W. Washington, D. C. No. 24 Southern Buggy Highest Grade A Value Unequaled. Sold on $i.oo Profit Margin Fro m Factory to User Write for prices and other styles. Send for catalog? C. R. PATTERSON Camp; SONS. Greenfield, Ohio Largest Negro Carriage concern in the United States. Start a Mail Order Business and Make Money You can operate in your own home during spare time. The parcel post has opened up the doors of opportunity to YOU . Others are making $20 to $500 a week. Why can't you? By our method you can start with $5 and up. We offer you thirty live, money-making mail order plans. You can make 95 cents profit of every dollar order. We furnish circulars, printed matter and place your advertising at lowest rates. Send 10 cents for complete outfit. Do it today—Now! MAIL DEALERS WHOLESALE HOUSE 517 Dearborn Street Chicago, 111. MADAM: TAKE NOTICE! The Earle Mail Order House, on receipt of $1.00, will mail you this combination: 1 Bottle Earle', Famous Princess Oil ... . $.50 1 Jar Earle's Cold Cream Skin and Complexion Food .25 1 Bottle Earle's Violet Water 50 With a few dollars we can put you in mail order business. Addre«: P. O. BOX 390, NEWPORT, R. I. WANTED 500 Negro families (farmers preferred) to settle on FRE E Government Lands in Chaves County, New Mexico. Blackdom is a Negro colony. Fertile soil, ideal climate. No "Jim Crow" Laws. For information write JAS. HAROLD COLEMAN Blackdom New Mexico WANTED Agents for TH E CRISIS. Dignified work. 70 Fifth Avenue, New York. REGALIA Race Enterprise Manufacturing Badges, Banners and Supplies for all Fraternal and Church Societies. Catalog upon request. CENTRAL REGALIA CO. Jos. L . Jones, Pres. N. E. Corner 8th and Plum Streets, Cincinnati, Ohio If You Plan to Visit New York This Summer For study, sightseeing or pleasure and desire quiet, respectable accommodations with the best private families, write the Housing Bureau of the National League on Urban Conditions Among Negroes, at 127 W. 135th Street, New York. Our Service Is Absolutely FREE Mention TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER LEGAL DIRECTORY PERSONAL CARDS Residence 2546 Michigan Office Phone Bell Phone E-2161 Home 58 Main C. H. CALLOWAY ATTORNEY AND COUNSELOR-AT-LAW NOTARV PUBLIC 117 W. 6th Street Kansas City, Mo. T , . f Central 104-W Telephones: ,_  g, Ma n HARRY E. DAVIS ATTORNEY-AT-LAW NOTARY PUBLIC 1607 Williamson Building Cleveland, Ohio Office L. D. Telephone 3297 Market Residence L . D. Telephone 5277-M Market GEORGE A. DOUGLAS COUNSELOR-AT-LAW Rooms 613-614, Metropolitan Building 113 Market St., Cor. Washington, Newark, N. J. General Practice Notary Public WILLIAM R. MORRIS ATTORNEY AND COUNSELOR-AT-LAW 1020 Metropolitan Life Building Minneapolis Minn. BROWN S. SMITH ATTORNEY AND COUNSELOR-AT-LAW Offices: Suite 610, Sykes Block Minneapolis Minn. GEORGE W. MITCHELL ATTORN EY-AT-LAW 90S Walnut Street Philadelphia p a Tel. 5437 Fort Hill Cable Address. Ruben EDGAR P. BENJAMIN ATTORNEY AND COUNSELOR-AT-LAW 34 School Street Boston, Mass. Telephone Connection W. Ashbic Hawkins George W. F. McMechen HAWKINS Camp; McMECHEN ATTORN EYS-AT-LAW 21 East Saratoga Street Baltimore, Md. Phones: Office, Bell 4059; New 420-M Residence, New 733-A THOS. E. GREENE, JR. ATTORNEY AND COUNSELOR-AT-LAW NOTARY PUBLIC Maloney Block Youngstown, Ohio B. F. BOOTH ATTORN EY-AT-LAW 57 N . Second Street Memphis Tenn. THOMAS W. HOLMES ATTORNEY-AT-LAW Telephone 5277 Morningside DR. GERTRUDE E. CURTIS SURGEON DENTIST 188 W. 135th Street New York City WILLIAM L. BELL ARCHITECT 138'A Auburn Avenue Atlanta, Ga. E. ALDAMA JACKSON Graduate Institute of Musical Art, Organist and Director of Music St. Mark's M. E. Church Teacher of Theory and Piano Theory course embraces elementary and advanced Harmony or Counterpoint. Private or Class Work Studio: 30 W. 132d STREET, NEW YORK CITY J. E. ORMES ACCOUNTANT Audits Systems Business information by mail. Open for engagements July and August Box 25, Wilberforce University Wilberforce, O. MR. ALFRED ELIS DU BOIS, commercial agent at Jeremie, Haiti, offers his services for all kinds of business and exportation and im portation between Haiti and the United States. Telephone 4214 Greeley BRANIC'S EXPRESS ANDREW J. BRANIC, PROPRIETOR Packing and Shipping—Goods Forwarded to All Parts of the World Orders by mail or 'phone receive prompt attention. Trunks stored, 25c. per month. 459 Seventh Avenue New York A Trip to Washington this Summer? Have your PHOTOGRAPH made by SCURLOCK Hundreds of CRISI S readers can tell you how (rood STUDIO 900 U Street, N. W., Washington, D. C. Advertising Sales Agents Wanted at Once Young men and women. Previous experience unnecessary. Liberal pay while you learn. Permanent position. Opportunity for advancement. An independent income. Brilliant opportunity for trustworthy young men and women. Vacancies are limited. Answer immediately. Must have representatives in every city and town in U . S. where not yet represented. Act quickly. Write at ONCE , enclosing 10 cents for full instructions and information. Address Employment Department. WATERS BROS., 43 Y&gt; Decatur Street Atlanta, Georgia 97 Wickliffe St., Newark, N. J., U. S. A. Mention TH E CRISIS Business Block and Home Office of The North Carolina Mutual and Provident Association DURHAM, N. C. The Largest Negro Insurance Companyin the World Five Million Dollars Insurance One Hundred Fifty Thousand in Assets Operating in North Carolina, South Carolina and Georgia on the Mutual Life and Legal Reserve Basis JOHN MERRICK DR. A. M. MOORE Founder and President Secretary and Treasurer C. C. SPAULDING Vice-President and General Manager Mention TH E CRISIS CAPE MAY, N. J . This magnificent hotel, located in the heart of the most beautiful seashore resort in the world; replete with every modern improvement, superlative in construction, appointments, service, and refined patronage. Orchestra daily. Garage, bath houses, tennis, etc., on premises. Special attention given to ladies and children. Send for booklet. E . W. DALE , Owner. Provident Hospital and Training School for Colored Nurses Aim : T o keep its technic equal to the best Founded 1891 The first training school for colored nurses in this country, Freedman's excepted. Comprises a training school for nurses, hospital, dispensary, and thoroughly equipped children's department; when funds are ample, postgraduate work may be undertaken. The hospital is open to all. The races co-operate in the board of trustees, in the medical staff and in administration; the institution is the only one of its kind in which a colored man may act as interne. Cost of buildings and equipment, $100,0C0; free from debt Endowment, $50,000, contributed mostly by wills made by colored men. Additional endowment needed, $30,000. The nurses' course covers three years; training and instruction given by both races, according to the highest 36th and Dearborn Sts.. Chicago, 111. modern standards. Mention THE CRISIS