The Freewoman , made THE FREEWOMAN A WEEKLY HUMANIST REVIEW No. 42. Vol. II. THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 5, 1912 Threepence [Registered at G.P.O. as a Newspaper.] Editor: DORA MARSDEN, B.A. CONTENTS Page The Policy of The Freewoman 301 The King. By Rebecca West 306 The True Inwardness of Divorce. By Charles J. Whitby 307 Will Men Govern when Women Have the Vote? By C. H. Norman 308 Currency and Co-operation. By Arthur Kitson 309 Page Police Systems and Organised Crime. By Donald Campbell 310 Notice to the Readers of The Freewoman 311 Correspondence: The Policy of The Freewoman 312 The Normal Social State 312 Work and Life 313 Page Strindberg, Rebecca West, and Loneliness 314 The Case of Penelope 314 "The Remedy" 316 Forcible Feeding 316 The Forcible Feeding of Mrs. Leigh 318 The Causes of Usury 318 State Banking and Currency v. Competition 318 Forcible Feeding Memorial 319 THE POLICY OF "THE FREEWOMAN." WE draw special attention to our correspondence columns this week. They largely amount to an unbroken challenge of THE FREEWOMAN's policy. That is as it should be. It remains for us to reply to this challenge. We will begin with Mr. Wells, though what he criticises is the lack rather than the presence of a policy in THE FREEWOMAN. He likewise objects to Labour-Conscription being classed with Guild-Socialism. Let us consider the latter first. It is to our profit to examine Mr. Wells's arguments closely, since it is just upon these differences between tweedledum and tweedledee in collectivist theory— such differences as exist between "Labour-Conscription" and "Guild-Socialism"—that Socialist energy is turned. Rank-and-file Socialists think there is a great intellectual contest to the fore, though what it turns on they would be at a loss to say. The editor of the New Age refers to Guild-Socialism as though it were something he had discovered, experimented with, proved and laid on the market like some patent medicine; the "remedy, now well known," is how he refers to it, whereas in reality he has never dared to run the risks of describing it in blunt terms for the thing it is—a union of two bureaucracies, the bureaucracy of an enormous Trade Union administered by elected officials in alliance with the bureaucracy of the State, likewise administered by elected officials. Thus, Guild-Socialism, instead of having one principle of corruption to deal with, will have two, of which for preference there would not be a pin to choose. The only detailed feature of this social panacea is that the mob will receive graduated pay, graduated, we must suppose, by the elected officials. Now we venture to say that the Labour-Conscription of Mr. Wells's Great State did not differ in essence from Guild-Socialism. Firmly, if gently, we repeat the statement, for though behind Mr. Wells's scheme there is better feeling, inasmuch as he eliminates labour class distinctions by making the community as a whole labouring class, it remains pre-eminently bureaucratic, and no amount of economic, genealogical tables, worked out on paper, can prove anything to the contrary, any more than labelling our boxes the West Indies, where the sun has been shining all summer, can guarantee us a holiday there. One can write out anything on paper; but the only truthful thing that can be said of human beings, either on paper or off, is that they must feel themselves free—ungoverned, in fact—or they will feel enormously unhappy. But the very essence of a conscript labour community is Government: Government to initiate the conscription, Government to enforce it, Government to administer its services, to estimate its duties, to apportion the labour, to conduct the lotteries, to send out the blue papers, to decide the pay, and to pay it; in short, with Labour-Conscription between each primitive need of our nature and its satisfaction stands this spectre of Government. And in defence Mr. H. G. Wells offers us—a diagram! The explanation of this strange matter is that latter-day thinkers are so hypnotised by the adoption of machinery that they set up the most preposterous theories, the application of any one of which would make the mind reel with horror. They are seeking a way out—any way. With the Devil at the heels of them and the precipice in front, they are prepared to jump and risk how they fall. It is as a consequence of the Devil's wiles that it does not occur to them to turn round and grapple with the fiend himself, and hope to walk over his defeated form to happiness and safety. Mr. Wells accuses us of having no "constructive" theories. What does "constructive" mean, applied to life? It would be so much to the good if we could persuade even great novelists to be precise in their terms, especially when things which matter are presumably to hang on them. To our thinking, to have "constructive" theories in regard to society is to possess a very extraordinary mind. Because, forsooth, society is made up of living men, "things" that change even as one calculates on their suitable niche in the structure, and which, even when placed there, are as likely as not to leap out of their places. One can "construct" with bricks and blocks of wood, but not with living trees, and not with living men. One can have no "constructive" scheme for a patch of lilies. They can only have their ground space, with air and water and light. And that is all that can be done with men. Give them—rather let them take their stand on—the ground they can make use of, and let them stick to it. The land that cannot supply its women and men folk with land is over-populated, and such a problem will have to be dealt with on its own merits. But perhaps when Mr. Wells charged us with having no constructive scheme he meant we had no positive scheme—that our policy was negative—mere criticism, in fact. If so, we can only protest that it is not true. We are as positive as the most positive could wish. We affirm a religion, we affirm a morality, an, economic, social order. We are seeking to re-establish the Normal Social Life. What more could be asked in a positive way? Perhaps, if we may again speculate on Mr. Wells's meaning, he meant that our scheme was not complex. No more is it; but why should social arrangements be complex? Outwardly, man is an animal with simple needs; it is in the special way he elects to satisfy them that he shows his complexities. All the mysteries of life are within reach of a man who possesses no more than the veriest boor. He only requires to be left alone to give evidence of it. We cannot help thinking that Mr. Wells has been the victim of two big delusions—both to do with organisation. He has started off from the standpoint that man is organisable. That, to our thinking, is fundamental error. Man is not amenable to organisation; all that he can stand in that line from his fellow-men is a little voluntary co-operation. Having failed to throw off this false assumption, Mr. Wells has been powerless to resist the fascination of the machine-system in industry, which depends on organisation, and what is nothing other than the machine-system translated into politics, the fascination of the representative system. We, holding on in faith to our belief in the Soul of Man as the final authority, even when we have not seen how it would work out in practice, have come to anchor in the belief that the only safe society of freemen is that which Mr. Wells has christened, with admirable precision, the Normal Social Life. This, and this alone, in our opinion, will guarantee free-will to man, if he chooses to seek it. And it is obtainable in no other way. All other ways lead to slavery and exploitation. No man can trust his brother permanently, if that brother holds possession of his means of subsistence. Let us illustrate by the "Ablest Socialist" once more. This week, in a continuation of the examination of the woman movement, the editor of the New Age, who, seeking freedom, but lost as in a maze in collectivism, is driven on by the inexorable logic of his unhappy theories to reckon as one of the sins of capitalism the fact that it has driven out "marriage and DECENT PROSTITUTION." The phrase should be written where all men can see it, in letters ten yards high, that its secret meaning might become open. Its meaning is this: that no man or men, no woman or women, are good enough to hold sway over the life-necessities of others. Yet the "Ablest Socialist" is not a bad man we presume, but for dullness and stupidity will suffice; and when he speaks of decent prostitution for women we bear no malice, but we take warning, and say, "We understand; the care of our souls must be our own affair. The safeguarding of our free-will is our duty, and not another's; the winning of the means to life is a matter for our own hands to effect." So we take leave of the collectivists, and repeat: "Call no man Master; call no man Owner; call no man Keeper," and set out to effect our own salvation. A second critic is Miss Rachel East. Miss East considers the policy of cultivating the land, developing hand skill among workers, and becoming our own masters is immoral. Nay worse, uneconomic! This is blighting. Let us examine her arguments further. She thinks that if we cultivate the land that in half a generation we should be on the brink of starvation: not apparently on the ground of over-population, one which we might allow was serious, but apparently because we should chiefly be amateur farmers! How the specialist cult bamboozles. Schools of agriculture are not of such ancient foundation that the instinctive activities of a people must of necessity be failures if the scholastic erudition is not forthcoming. Surely our intelligences are not so worm-eaten that we cannot learn what those bygone ancestors whose products fed the Roman legions, or those who in the Middle Ages made England a land of plenty, learnt; what has once been learnt we can learn again. As for the Evesham plum-grower and the Sleaford potato-man, we think it should remain with them to decide whether an exclusive diet of plums or potatoes is conducive to their well-being. What we think it would be well for them to remember is that they are not philanthropic institutions, but that their first duty is to themselves, and, much as the rest of the country may appreciate Evesham plums, it would appear their wisest course to make sure of their corn and let the plums follow after. The specialist, as becomes him, naturally makes the most of the special "talents" of each district. We think he makes too much of them, in the light of the well-being of the dwellers in the district. As for the machinery, what has been can be again. If the man in the fifteenth century made his own implements, the man in the twentieth can make his; and if, in the interests of freedom, it appears desirable he should, then Morality would say he must. Moreover, if agriculture again became the base of the country's well-being, subsidiary crafts, with their specialised skill, would spring up in harmonious service with it. The wheelwright, the smith, the carpenter, the quarryman, the builder, the barber, and the tailor would satisfy the needs of the village communities; for co-operation is as much a law of human life as compulsory combination is inimical to it. It is strongly perverse reasoning which argues, because morality forbids a man to call any other man master, or to serve in obedience to any other man's will, that, therefore, men cannot work in mutual harmony and good service with each other. A man can co-operate, but he cannot subordinate himself; and this explains why he may not subdivide his labour to any extent. He must be able to negotiate return services for his products, not for his time, which is a euphemism for his body, his life. To be a labourer is to be in a wholly immoral position: it is less so to be an independent craftsman producing goods which he knows will find a waiting market. Though his occupation is subsidiary, he himself is not a subordinate. Still, the land-tiller remains the best-equipped man, and the man who chose to adopt a subsidiary calling to satisfy his temperament could do so only at his own risk. Regarding the "immorality" of forcing one kind of life upon all, the immorality surely lies at the door of the Scheme of Things. Food we require, and to get it we must scratch the earth affectionately or otherwise. If temperamental differences persuade a young man or woman that he is "forced" by being compelled to produce what he eats, he can engage in the subsidiary, whole occupations which find their natural place in relation to an agricultural community. If he wants to be a sailor, let him become one. Our Viking ancestors, though a free people, tilling their own lands, were certainly not strangers to the sea. Or if he wishes to be a tramp, he stands a better chance of getting a free bite, in a community which produces its own food, than he would be likely to in a Labour-Conscription community, for instance. If the out-classed individual still feels unable to find his true sphere, one must reluctantly conclude he has mistaken his planet. He should try Mars. As for "killing science," we are amused, even elated. There is a good deal that is called "science" we would kill, bury, and dance on its grave. Men have "gaped" over-much at the achievements of science, but a little sober reflection will make it plain that there is scant merit in the achievement of a remedial science which affects only the fringe of the vast damage, the cause of which lies at the door of the self-same science. Even the hoped-for achievements relative to such tragedies as insanity and cancer are likely to prove a delusion; that their cure will have to be sought in the life-way, and not in the medical way, becomes increasingly clear. The open air, healthful work, simple foods, and a convinced morality will do what the tinkering analyses and patchings-up of the scientists will be baffled to effect. Life is not mocked, and science can scarcely touch the outermost fringe of her. Medical science is, in all likelihood, destined to prove a blind alley. It surely is an inconsequence to reproach the agricultural life with the venereal disease of the Pacific Islanders. We can only say that if under free agricultural conditions venereal disease periodically decimated the population, we can have no doubts whatever that under industrial conditions it would wipe them clean from the face of the earth. Freedom cannot do everything for man; it can only make everything possible. Miss East seems to be under the impression that agriculture will not pay; it seems that she has not grasped that it is not meant to pay. It is only expected to keep those who work on it in plenty, which, with persistent "scratching," it is obvious it will. It will not, of course, keep the town-dwellers in addition; that is why it is absolutely necessary that all handicrafts should be undertaken in the villages themselves. The tiller of the land will have to throw the towns off his back, and to be independent of them he must be at liberty to refuse their machine-made rubbish. Taking nothing from them, he will pay no tribute in return, and will, in addition to relieving himself from the necessity of exchanging valuables for non-valuables, require no markets, and will not need to trouble those philanthropic gentry, the railway companies. Miss Rachel East will, perhaps, forgive us for saying that she appears to be making difficulties, and that those she has made are not thick enough. They can be seen through. For instance, the supposition that co-operation and exchange necessitate the State is wholly absurd; co-operation is instinctive among men, and operates even in this industrialist confusion. Strikes, for instance, are wholly voluntary co-operative ventures, involving a maximum of hardships. Trade Unions are the same. It is only when the State begins to interfere that co-operations cease to act, as such voluntary-activities-and-co-operations-turned-compulsory as are involved in Guild-Socialism or Labour-Conscription will amply prove. One wonders if Rachel East has any knowledge of farming, and, if so, of what sort. Because we assure her she is very wide of the mark in thinking that costly machinery is necessary for breaking up rough land. We assure her that excellent grazing can be won from the moorland by the use of hand-implements; indeed, in the moorland village we have in mind we doubt whether the steam-monster she refers to, which says "can" and "cannot" so authoritatively to Rachel East, has ever been heard of. We think the lady has been misled either by too great opulence, by training-farms, or by Fabian lecturers, and her "impossibilities" represent so much distilled nonsense. As for the lime, soot, and green manure, someone who knows is laughing at our elbow, someone who comes of a long line of those "amateurs" who, Miss East thinks, "would kill England in half a century." To be sure, it was the amateur agriculturists who made England when England was something other than head depot for rubbish. As for the actor and the musician, we will say that they were not absent from Shakespearean England, and leave it at that. Miss East is, we think, unduly concerned for the scientists and artists. As for the latter, it will not be a question of killing them, we simply ask where they are. We certainly do not see why these should be put in a special class. They have, like everyone else, the opportunity for honourable work, and if they are artists their genius will shine through that. We have simply nothing to say to that host of pernicious and wholly useless persons, largely literary, who run about chattering, picking up phrases, who imagine they are artists. These latter are merely the conceited Idle, the normal products of a course of life which leave them "at a loose end." What they need is healthy employment, and contact with quiet, thoughtful people, which would, doubtless, be sufficient to save them, and make them as good as ordinary people. The statement that it is sufficient to carry "property" in our heads seems to us to be analogous to the statement that a woman carries property in her face. The property-headed man, like the woman whose fortune is in her face, is relying upon his powers of charm and cunning to get his living apart from producing it. But wisdom, like beauty, should be free. Miss East is wrong in surmising that if our agricultural ideal fails us our opposition to Socialism will collapse,—very wrong. We start from the needs of the individual Soul. Society—some kind of society —must adjust itself to that. The core of our religion and ethics is the freedom of the will, and no Socialism, which of necessity must be a highly organised form of government, holding in its own hands the very essentials of life, administered by hundreds of thousands of officials, directive, legislative, distributive, punitive, and what not, can square with any theory of free-will. Talk as Socialists may, it is certain that the power which holds the means of production in its own hands over against others is the master of those others. And our morality allows of us calling "no man master." That, it may also be remembered, is Christian morality. But the agricultural ideal will not fail us. It is nature's own ideal, and the problem before us is how to repeople the land with freemen, who can till the land, own it, and wait until the first crops appear; and we should like Miss East, if she is in part convinced that to be free is neither so uneconomic nor so immoral as she thought, to use her agile brain on this problem. How to get rooted to the land. There are various ways. We might seek, if we chose to use political means, to get an English equivalent of the Irish Land Act, or, ignoring politics, the land might be seized simply by groups of armed men, as it was in Mexico. During the next strike groups of men might settle themselves on the land and refuse to be moved. If the Co-operative Wholesale Society rose to the heights of genius, it might extend them credit if they were backed by men of repute, like Mr. Wells, for instance. Acting on the principle that the user is the owner, they would be saved the dead weights of rent. Not trading with the towns, making their own tools, they would have few expenses. These are hints upon which Miss Rachel East might have valuable suggestions. At least, she should not be so easily damped. Another critic, Miss Rachel Graham, is content to use the historical argument without having taken the preliminary precaution to read a little history. Like Miss Rachel East, she seems to think that when men turned to industrialism they turned to civilisation. It is a delusion. They did not "turn" at all. They were driven. The "thousands" of years which Miss Graham imagines all led to the machine did nothing of the sort. They led to land-culture and hand-training, and the highest manifestations of art the world has seen. Machinery has not developed out of these things. Machinery is an inhuman trick which a few men who drove the freemen off the land in order to make, not wealth, but money, by keeping sheep, were enabled to play upon the starving hordes whom they had created. Civilisation has been decaying ever since. Neither in art nor in literature do we remotely approach the culture which was arrived at in the ante-machine age. As a matter of fact, we cannot, because we are completely demoralised, hypnotised, by the machine. We are a decaying people. The shadow of death can be felt hovering over all our streets. Progress, forsooth! The machine has progressed, money has been made, but the soul of man has dwindled, shrivelled to nothing for lack of freedom—lack of freedom, not necessarily poverty, let the social quacks remember. Our only hope is to give it more freedom rather than less. Freedom is secured by giving a man the means to keep alive. Land will do that. So tie the land to his heel. A landless man should be looked upon with suspicion. In that Golden Era which lies behind us, in the fifteenth century, when men were well-fed and well-clothed, in the seeding-time of that wonderful outburst of the human spirit which we call the English Renaissance, all men had land; even the labourer had a goodly farm attached to his cottage. Miss Graham is very wrong in imagining that the English were always "huddled" and "herded." Had they been, we should have had no Shakespeare, no Spencer nor Bacon; no Fletcher, Marlowe, Chapman, Tyndall, Raleigh or Drake, and no fighting sea-rovers and yeomen to break the wealth of Spain. It is freedom that produces things like these, and our enslaved country has lived on their reputation ever since. Bacon, in his "Essays, Civil and Moral," makes it clear how the thing was done. "The device of King Henry the Seventh was profound and admirable in making farms and houses of husbandry of a standard: that is, maintained with such a proportion of land unto them as may breed a subject to live in convenient plenty, and no servile condition, and to keep the plough in the hands of the owners and not mere hirelings"; and although the landowners had already gone long lengths in their expropriating the yeomen from the land, even in James I.'s reign, in 1627, a landlord was fined for having built a cottage on his manor without having four acres of land attached to it in perpetuity. Even in Cromwell's time the building of a house within four miles of London was forbidden unless it were endowed with four acres of land. Later (as Karl Marx quotes from Dr. Hunter), "Landlords and farmers work here hand in hand. A few acres to a cottage would make the labourers too independent." It is obvious that this expropriated mass were not free to "turn to civilisation." They had to take Hobson's choice, which was machine-slavery. The machine would not have had a ghost of a chance with a free people. Even to-day we do not find a farmer turning mill-hand as long as he can manage to hang together. And one point more. Because a man is sociable he is not, therefore, a communist, nor yet a collectivist. Indeed, the best way to destroy his sociableness is to force him into communism. His sociableness is the reverse side of his individualism. The reverse side to communism is moroseness and curmudgeonliness. Village society will illustrate. There is more society and pleasurable human intercourse in a village than is available in London. It is more natural and unconstrained. But the individual reserves of villagers are proverbial. They "keep themselves to themselves," their sociability notwithstanding. It is a very crude and unobservant understanding which would batter sociability into Socialism, and see in individualism an abnormal seclusion. Such limitations of understanding, which are now, unfortunately, becoming general, due undoubtedly to mental inelasticity, induced by constant analogy drawn from a machine-regime, are enticing our "social constructors" into schemes of betterment which are based on fundamental contradictions. If they do not find that out beforehand, they will learn it with crashing disappointment afterwards. It would be as well to expend a little time sooner rather than later in observation of what appear to be the ordinary springs of human action, and such observation, we believe, would bid wise men cease attempting colossal and complex schemes of human society. For man finds his complexities in himself, and not in his social organisation. That requires to be as simple as man can make it. Involve it, and it will come rattling down about our ears. It will be too heavy for its base, which is—human difference. We refer our readers to two letters in our last week's issue from Miss Mary Gawthorpe. Miss Gawthorpe misses the meaning of the entire situation as regards Mrs. Leigh and insurrectionary Ulstermen (if there are any). These latter are on the defensive. Their actions are in response to a strain set up by the audacious immoralities of those representative persons, Mr. Asquith and Mr. Redmond, and the House of Commons. The impudent effrontery of State officials should be resisted, either with discretion or without it. Mrs. Leigh's action was moral enough, and, as we said before, we do not deprecate it. If, in addition to being moral, we considered it useful for its purpose, we should join in it. But we do not. We consider it good spirit running to waste, but immoral—by no means, no! Those of us are immoral—according to the tablets which we have erected—who acquiesce in a form of living inspired and held together by coercion from end to beginning. What is our position, Miss Gawthorpe asks; what is a "philosophic anarchist"? We should prefer the word "individualist," which is positive, to "anarchist," which is negative, but that is a detail. A philosophic anarchist might very well be defined as a "sapper," one who undermines the foundation of coercion. One fine day before we die, very probably, there will be a successful revolution, bloodless or otherwise, according to the efficiency with which the sapping work is done. Hence, though nothing would compel us to deprecate Mrs. Leigh's action, we certainly shall not join her, nor shall we applaud others for so doing. The reason is plain. In our opinion, we have a better thing on. We are, therefore, more concerned with the work of establishing our own mastery, and encouraging all other men to establish their own mastery, that for the moment we are quite prepared to let Mr. Asquith and his kind run the length of their rope. We refer in this connection to the controversy which has been going on between Miss Gawthorpe and Mr. C. H. Norman respecting the conduct of the Home Secretary in relation to forcible feeding. Miss Gawthorpe holds that the Home Secretary cannot authorise forcible feeding and remain a gentleman. Mr. Norman retorts that the Home Secretary has no alternative, considering he represents Government. "He might resign," says Miss Gawthorpe. "His successor would be forthcoming," Mr. Norman might retort. To neither of the disputants does it appear clear why they find themselves caught up in this impasse. Neither comprehend that in matters involving differences, government and gentlemanliness are mutually exclusive terms, and, since both support government, neither can advocate gentlemanliness. The better feelings of both revolt against its absence in the situation. They fail to see that government is nothing other than coercion. It is built up on a basis of pains and penalties, and is maintained, as Mr. Norman points out quite clearly in an article in this issue, by physical violence. The army, the police, the handcuff, the warder, prison, lock and key, finally, the lash, the bayonet, and the scaffold, these are the methods of government, and those who ask for a share in the government ask for the privilege of adding weight to the authority with which government exercises these. Miss Gawthorpe, in one and the same breath, asks to be allowed to strengthen that which she seeks to weaken. She seeks to back up ungentlemanliness —coercion—and yet seeks for gentlemanliness. To our mind, she fails to comprehend that gentlemanliness belongs to a higher plane of living, and is only to be found active among a free people; and the irony of the situation of Suffragist hunger-striking is that the more they extol the powers of government, the more do they supply the semblance of reason for government to maintain its authority. The argument runs like this: If government is a good thing, its powers must be safeguarded. Therefore, if the rebellious individual drives the government into a corner, and it becomes a duel between them, the government cannot afford to lose, especially in the very strongholds of the class which has flouted its authority—the prisons. The reasoning is sound enough once granted that it is good to be governed. If Miss Gawthorpe were a thorough individualist, she would be asking, not that Government, in its gracious wisdom, be pleased to raise the criminal status of Mrs. Leigh, but that Mrs. Leigh should be let out, and to the winds with authority. Now to a review of the arguments which appear in the article by Mr. Norman, arguments we have been challenged to meet. They are surely child-simple. Mr. Norman merely points out that all the instruments of coercion, guns and batons, and the roles created for their use, are in the hands of men, as is also the direction of their use in the hands of male legislators and male magistrates. This is an obvious fact, and a serious one—for women. It becomes quite clear that men have armed themselves with powers which look very sinisterly upon the liberties of women and other unarmed persons. We would like to think that Mr. Norman is being consciously humorous, but, oddly as his arguments sound, we believe he is serious. He says, in effect: "Don't you see that all the engines of subjugation are in our possession: the machines and the weapons? Don't you recognise we are the masters? How, then, do you imagine that, by your mere voices, your expressed opinions, you can effect anything against us? With these weapons we are the masters, and your notions that you can share in the mastery by a vote, or any other paper regulation, shows you to be obsessed by childish illusions." That is quite true. Mr. Norman's amazing thinking only begins when he has arrived thus far. What he goes on to argue is that, because men are women's masters, the women must submit with whatever grace they can muster. It does not appear to have occurred to him that the proper reply from human beings with any remaining shred of morality left in them must be: "How true. Strange that we have let things grow to this dangerous pass. We have allowed our neighbours to arm themselves with all the instruments of mastery, and we have remained passive and unthinking, lying at the mercy of coercionists. It is no use crying over spilt milk; now what shall we do?" That is the question women are faced with at the present time: How they can either disarm their male neighbours or adequately arm themselves in defence against incursions. We can think of three ways. There is the time-honoured way which has brought down the old civilisations, armies, governments, in a common decay—the women with the men—the way of Delilah. Women can use their attraction of sex to secure a virtual mastery. They can reduce the giants to powerlessness in that way. Or they can go the way the Suffragists are going: Accept force and coercion as the basis of society and pursue their course forwards until they are as much implicated in the crimes of coercion as are men. They can get the vote, make laws, become magistrates, use the baton and firearms, join the police and the army, and work out their equality, if not their salvation, that way. Or, thirdly, they can go our way; that is, rather, they can strike out in the same direction. They can become sappers: the destructors of coercion and the builders and fighting defenders of a free community. They will thus regard individual independence and free-will as the pivot upon which all their life-actions turn, and will fight on all and any terms to safeguard these to themselves, and will regard their respect for these in their neighbours as the criterion of their social duty. This makes it clear why "Insurrection" is vital in the winning-back of freedom. Each man must look to his own freedom first; if he cannot, he becomes the breeding-spot of social disease. A man's freedom cannot be conferred; nor can a woman's. It must be grasped; and those who look to government for paternalism, rather than coercion, make up in foolishness what they are missing in conscious knavery, and the one is as bad as the other. "The King."* IN "Little Miss Llewelyn" the licensed victuallers refer with bated breath to a certain champagne: a very good champagne for three-and-sixpence a bottle. So one may say that Mr. Stephen Phillips' poetry is a very good champagne for three-and-sixpence a bottle. It is not the very finest vintage, but, all things considered, it is most enjoyable. Mr. Phillips is the poet for adolescence. I myself adored him when, at the age of fourteen, I was introduced to his works by the Scottish Board of Education. This body refused to give the grants necessary to subsidise the education of myself and my school-fellows in a large secondary school until it was guaranteed that our religious instincts would not be starved. Hence for an hour on every Monday afternoon of my life, between the ages of ten and sixteen, I accompanied St. Paul on his first missionary journey. Repetition having dulled the excitement of his adventures after the fourth year, half a dozen of us retired to a back bench and gave ourselves up to the clandestine study of modern literature. Brute force was what we loved. Kipling was our favourite author, the New Age our only paper, and Stephen Phillips our favourite poet For adolescence is the second period in one's life when, as Nietzsche says, one becomes a lion. One is born a lion. All children are naturally Tories. Schoolmistresses who teach history to children of eight notice how deeply their pupils regret that the King does not choose members of Parliament, and that Trade Unions can no longer be suppressed by law. After some experience of the disadvantages of the government of the weak by the strong, as shown in the relationship between their elders and themselves, they relapse into Christian moral. Hence arises the piety of children of ten or twelve. But with the consciousness of increasing power brought by adolescence there comes another burst of Toryism. It was from this rude health we were then suffering. We loved power: guns and any bright metal that gleamed dangerously under tropical suns, strong language, and bearded men and subservient women. The one thing we could not bear was emotion. Perhaps we suspected that it was the great confuser of the values of strength and weakness. At any rate, we disliked Shakespeare for his indulgence in it. And for his lack of it we liked Stephen Phillips. Ulysses, wandering among the sea-nymphs of Calypso's isle, did not hunger for his home, but only dreamed of it. He gave us the gilded trappings of emotion and the wide, marble halls where it had lived; but not its troublesome soul. The same falling short of art will make his new tragedy, "The King," acceptable to the young. It is the ghastly story of a prince of Old Madrid who falls into sin with a lady at the Court and finds that she is his father's illegitimate daughter. The rhetoric roars like the wind, but there are no discomfortable tears. It is a little like seeing the French Revolution on the cinematograph. But it is the sort of heady stuff that the young love. It marks a decline in poetry, however. In the days of "Herod" at any moment imagery might invade the levels of his style, just as the yellow charlock sweeps the green fields with its flaming tide. It made the blood sing in the ears. * "The King." By Stephen Phillips. 2s. 6d. (Stephen Swift.) "Sonnets and Ballate of Guido Cavalcanti." Translated by Ezra Pound. 3s. 6d. (Stephen Swift.) "Poems of Love and Earth." By John Drinkwater. 1s. 6d. (Nutt.) "The red gold cataract of her streaming hair Is tumbled o'er the boundaries of the world." No more are his words hot in the mouth. In moments of emotion his characters quote Tennyson —that is all. When the old King is crowned again in the ashen morning light, while the prince for whom he abdicated lies dead beside his mistress, he ends the play with the words:— "Hark! In the bleakness a half-note of birds." Dawn stealing through the French windows of the vicarage study. The Dean, who has been sitting up all night over Form IV., decides that life is worth living, after all. Mr. Phillips remembers others than Tennyson. "lf then for we are mystically knit, Shouldst hear a pretty babble in the night, Out of strange fields, and know it is thy son, Yet still be strong." Some chord of memory had sent "a little touch of Hurry in the night" wandering in Mr. Phillips' brain; thus we get "shouldst hear a pretty babble in the night." Then "babble" recalled to him "'a babbled o' green fields." So we get the "strange fields" of the next phrase. This Shakespeare pot-pourri reminds one of the enterprise conducted by a certain Mr. Harold Ewen. For some time past this gentleman has been copying out from THE FREEWOMAN every phrase of physiological interest, and is now retailing them to the readers of a Sunday paper with jocular comment. It is very beautiful to think how much pleasure one may give to people quite unknown to one. But I understand from the published utterances of Mr. St. Loe Strachey that much objectionable literature is published. It would be a kindness to hand this information on to Mr. Owen, whose search in THE FREEWOMAN must be unsatisfying to a person of such tastes. A poet of an infuriating and fascinating nature is Mr. Ezra Pound. I have known the English language for nearly twenty years, but it is of no use to me when I read these translations from Guido Cavalcanti. Probably in the Elysian fields Guido Cavalcanti, with his ghostly blood up, is busy translating "The Chansons of Ezra Pound" into Italian. Some great revenge must be brewing. I will be content with saying that an acquaintanceship with Latin permits me to understand "Morte gentile, remedio de' catlivi," but that "Death who art taught, the wretched's remedy," sounds to me like a quotation from Artemus Ward. What can one make of "Her cloister's guard is such that should you journey To Ind you'd see each unicorn obey it." These unicorns prey on my mind. I wonder whether going to India or learning Italian would be the quicker way of clearing up the mystery. But in the midst of this petulant disdain for the English language one comes on a ballad that has the very breath of poetry in it. "In woodway found I once a shepherdess, More fair than stars are was she to my seeming, Her hair was wavy somewhat, like dull gold. Eyes? Love-worn, and her face like some pale rose. With a small twig she kept her lambs in hold, And bare her feet were bar the dewdrop's gloze. (This is not Parnassus, but Tattersall's. "Bar" is only used in such phrases of "two to one bar one.") She sang as one whom mad love holdeth close, And joy was on her for an ornament. I greeted her in love without delaying: 'Hast thou companion in thy solitude?' And she replied to me most sweetly, saying, 'Nay, I am quite alone in all this wood, But when the birds 'gin singing in their coverts, My heart is fain that time to find a lover.' As she was speaking thus of her condition, I heard the bird-song 'neath the forest shade, And thought me how't was but the time's provision To gather joy of this small shepherd maid. Favour I asked her, but for kisses only, And then I felt her pleasant arms upon me. She held to me with a dear wilfulness, Saying her heart had gone into my bosom, She drew me on to a cool leafy place, Where I got sight of every coloured blossom, And there I drank in so much summer sweetness, Meseemed Love's god connived at its completeness." The indestructible innocence of this poem has made the light love of a lord and a shepherdess into an eternal adventure. It is one spring day suspended over the gap of time for six hundred years. Flashes like this translation convince one that, in spite of his uncontrolled unicorns, Mr. Pound's heart is in the right place. A poet who is the very reverse of Mr. Pound is Mr. John Drinkwater. While Mr. Pound is brutally insensitive to words and exquisitely sensitive to life, Mr. Drinkwater touches life with the coarseness of the sentimentalist, yet speaks about it limpidly. He will take things seriously. For instance, he tells the story of the coming of the rose to earth: how a maiden whom the heathen were burning at the stake prayed to God to quench the flames, and how the kindled and unkindled brands turned to red and white roses at her feet. Mr. Drinkwater's poem is the lyric transcription. He misses the one dramatic point in which a mediaeval painter would have rejoiced: the intense disappointment of the heathen, who had come out to burn a martyr, at being fobbed off with a flower-show. But Mr. Drinkwater will not see the fun of life. He elegises Tolstoy thus:— "His heart had striven long, his feet had pressed Adown the paths where many sorrows meet, Till the great heart was troubled in its quest, And tired the travelling feet." Now if there was one man who enjoyed every moment of his life it was Tolstoy. He and Shaw and Granville Barker are the great examples of the life of pleasure led by those who cultivate intellectual passion. His enjoyment of family rows and his superb habit of making gospels out of his hobbies show him to have been a naturally happy man. We know from his latter plays that he had given up expecting to find God, yet he was going on another journey to find Him when Death overtook him—quite obviously just for the excitement of travelling. Life is a more amusing place than the sentimentalist would have us believe. Words cannot express the deliciousness of Mr. Drinkwater's simpler poems. The story of dreaming John of Grafton, who walked for several days out of leafy Warwick lanes into London town to see the crowning of the King and could not get into Westminster with his silver shilling, but was crowned himself by the fairies; "Petruccia's Song," sad and thin like the fall of rain; and, best of all, "The Feckenham Men," are things such as one does not read every day and hardly ever writes. "These jolly men of Feckenham, One day when summer strode in power, Went down, it seems, among their lands And saw their bean fields all in flower. 'Wheat ricks,' they said, 'be good to see, What would a rick of blossoms be?' So straight they brought their sickles out And worked all day till day was done, And builded them a good square rick Of scented bloom beneath the sun. And was not this I tell to you A fiery-hearted thing to do?" This is better than those unicorns. REBECCA WEST. The True Inwardness of Divorce. "Qui vit sans folie n'est pas si sage qu'il croit." I AM not going to discuss the legal aspects of divorce, for the simple and sufficient reason that I know nothing about them. Legal divorce is, from my point of view, an external fact, symbolical of something far more interesting and important. It happens, as we all know, pretty frequently in these days, but the real thing— psychological divorce—happens more frequently still, although in the majority of cases it escapes the knowledge of all but the keenest observers. Legal divorce is the luxury of the few; psychological divorce, on the other hand, costs nothing in coin of the realm, albeit, in one way or another, it doubtless has to be paid for heavily enough. If statistics were available, I have not the least doubt that the number of psychologically divorced couples who are at the present moment living more or less amicably together in this country would run into a good many thousands. Obviously, such statistics are not available; my statement must so far remain open to question or contradiction. Yet I venture to assert that it will be contradicted only by those who are prejudiced or incompetent. For the plain truth is that psychological divorce is the normal termination of psychological matrimony. Connubial relations, properly so called, are so delicate and vulnerable that only in the rarest and most fortunate cases can they be maintained unimpaired throughout the years of a normal span of a dull life. In the vast majority of cases, where open rupture is avoided, what happens is that a modus vivendi is established, more or less tolerable, but of a totally different and lower kind than that which constitutes true spiritual harmony. In other words, inward rupture occurs, and is recognised tacitly or overtly as such: the parties agree, or, at any rate, proceed, to make the best of an indifferent bargain. In ninety-nine out of every hundred of such cases the reason alleged for this acquiescence would be obedience to "duty"; the true reason is, however, something quite different—that is to say, expediency. It requires a great deal more courage than most people possess even to face the fact that what has perhaps been a happy and fruitful marriage has died a natural death. To give external effect to such a conclusion is a far harder thing, and demands a power of self-scrutiny and a degree of fortitude which may almost be regarded as heroic, and is, at any rate, exceptional. Yet if the essence of morality consist, as I maintain that it does, in making the outward form of our lives a true expression of their inmost reality, it is clear that it is immoral to maintain the semblance of a unity which, in fact, no longer exists. Current fiction demonstrates clearly the development of an increasing sensitiveness on the part of the modern conscience to the demands of this higher morality, an increasing intolerance of the makeshifts imposed by the expectations of those who are, or affect to be, blind to its claims. When a man and a woman who have organised their lives on the basis of a belief in the perpetuity of marriage (properly so called) awake one day to the discovery that they have built their house on the shifting sands of delusion, it has become indispensable to their own highest interests and to those of the community that this man and woman shall part. Circumstances will probably make this inconvenient; may make it very difficult, or even impossible; that much, of course, we must concede. The fact remains that divorce, far from being a mere legal institution or convenience, is a quite normal incident of spiritual growth and development, and that a divorced couple ought not to live false lives. To those who are aware of the true significance of the movement in the midst of which we are living, such a statement will appear self-obvious; to others it may seem like the repudiation of all sacred bonds and obligations. The latter are of those who have failed to discover the germ of a new affirmation at the heart of this movement; who accordingly regard it as a process of mere disintegration and spiritual decay. But the new affirmation is there, for all who have eyes to see, the affirmation of a sense of right, sterner and more exacting than that which it threatens and seeks to replace. And the new affirmation will triumph: of that we have no manner of doubt. Let us, by way of clearing the ground, consider a little what the higher conception of matrimony really involves. It involves mutual and reciprocal dependency in regard to the development of the highest potentialities of the two personalities concerned. When, simultaneously, a man finds in a woman, and that woman finds in the man, something indispensable and not elsewhere to be found, those two are, or may become, in the true sense, married souls. The need may be temporary or permanent, but so long as it exists, and only so long, the matrimonial relation can remain unimpaired. When each has given to the other, or, rather, has evoked in and from the other, all those new and unique powers and characteristics which he or she has to bestow, then the matrimonial relation, having subserved its highest function, must either perish or decline to a lower plane. The two may still be useful to one another; they are no longer indispensable: the relation is one of expediency, not sacred in any degree. From this point of view it will be seen that, so far from being something shameful or reprehensible, psychological divorce is the natural and inevitable outcome of spiritual assimilation and ethical progress. It comes about by the silent, irresistible process of mere health and growth. If, as is admittedly the case, the economic and social organisation into which men and women conscious of these new claims are born be such as to render well-nigh impossible their observance or even recognition—well, so much the worse for that organisation: it will have to go. There is a case for revolution, and the revolution will certainly come. For, in the long run, it is upon religious and ethical conceptions that economic forms depend, not the other way about. The body of Society must make way for the soul; the soul must have leave to grow and to obey its own law. The condemnation of divorce and the pillorying of divorced persons are in no great degree the outcome of any genuine concern for morality. They are predominantly the outcome of stupid materialism, cowardice, and mere spite—with an active leaven of envy, needless to state! Just because the indissolubility of marriage is in a bad way the priests and lawyers have erected it as an "ideal," according to their wont. The fact that, even if desirable, it is impracticable constitutes, for such persons, the criterion of a true "ideal." The worth of a given union depends little more upon its mere duration than that of a man upon the number of years that he manages to remain alive. Braver generations will unflinchingly face this fact, as well as its corollary, that, for the full development of rich and complex personalities, correspondingly various associations and intimacies have, as might, indeed, have been anticipated, not only in all times been felt necessary, but actually sought and attained. To maintain its ban upon what experience has revealed as one of the developmental requirements of greatness is a solecism of which the Society of the future would be guilty at its peril, even in the unlikely event that greatness prove incapable of taking the matter into its own hands. CHARLES J. WHITBY. Will Men Govern when Women Have the Vote? THE pioneers of democracy argued the case for the enfranchisement of men on the principle that citizenship should be the right of the individual, not dependent upon the possession of riches or privilege. Democracy means that the mass of the people, who constitute the strength of the State, should control and govern the State. Opposing forms of government are plutocracy, autocracy, oligarchy, and timarchy. England is governed under the forms of democracy, but, in reality, the machinery of administration is manipulated by a plutocratic oligarchy. Are women citizens in the sense conveyed by the term democracy? That is the philosophic question which must be examined by Suffragists. To discuss that question one must discover what is the relationship of a true democracy to legislation. An effective democracy should have the power of initiating, passing, and enforcing the desired laws. The British democracy has some of this power, but not all. That is the position under the present electorate. The British male electorate has some of the powers inherent to democracy, and those powers will be increased by steady democratic pressure. There is a distinction, on this definition of democracy, between men and women. A female electorate could as conveniently as a male electorate initiate and pass legislation. That could be done without the assent of men. The enforcement of legislation, which is essential to all legislation, does present difficulties to a female electorate. A majority of men, under present conditions, can always coerce a minority of men. In Great Britain, under adult suffrage, women would be a considerable majority of the electorate. The female vote in Great Britain, unlike any of the colonies, would be the determining factor in every constituency. Could the female majority, with the assistance of a male minority, coerce the opposition of men into a submission? This must be tested by hypothetical example. Three examples, raising widely different issues, are the Trades Disputes Act, Church disestablishment, and prohibition of the drink traffic. Suppose women were enfranchised under the new Representation of the People Bill. Assume there was a General Election, and the female vote was cast on the Unionist side. A Unionist Government would be returned to power. The Unionist party is pledged to legislate against Trade Unions and to amend the Trades Disputes Act. The Trade Unionists would then discover that they had been tricked once more. The female electorate, which is largely non-trade union, if not anti-trade union, would be numerically strong enough to avert a Unionist defeat, such as followed on the Taff Vale decision. The Trade Unionists would be compelled to disregard the amendment of the Act. Could the women, even with the aid of the Unionist party, enforce the amendment? Unless my confidence in Trade Unionist loyalty is entirely unfounded, I do not believe the Trade Unionists would assent to this amendment, and would resist any effort to enforce it. In the case of prohibition, women in Finland voted for and carried it. The feminine electorate in Finland, although reinforced by a considerable number of male prohibitionists, has not been able to enforce prohibition against the men. The disestablishment of the Church would be resisted with more vigour by women than by men. Yet, assuming the female majority voted against disestablishment, the male minority would still bring disestablishment into operation, once it was determined upon by male opinion. The point is, whether women are enfranchised or not, men will govern the country, because it is on the strength resting in men, and in men alone, that the State relies for its stability. Should this reasoning be sound, some remarkable consequences would follow. Great Britain would cease to be a democracy, as majority rule in fact would not exist, whatever the legal position might be. A State which has a de jure government and a de facto practice would soon be plunged into all kinds of difficulties. The minority of male citizens would be the rulers. It would be found in practice that no law could come into operation without the active consent of the male minority. The value of the woman suffrage to the State would be nil There are circumstances under which woman suffrage, though non-effective in the long run, might paralyse, in a moment of crisis, the government of the country. Supposing the women, who are a non-combatant electorate, voted against war, while the majority of the men voted for it. The astute men who rule this country would know that the numerical majority, which is the constitutional majority, did not represent the will of the minority in numbers, but the majority in strength and influence. Imagine the position of the Government! To enfranchise women, under the peculiar circumstances of the modern State, in Great Britain, would be to enthrone a non-effective feminist electorate, as the deciding factor in form, though leaving the real decisive power in the hands of those in whom Nature has placed it. That such a proposition should be seriously put forward in this country as a possible proposition to be given immediate effect to, when the state of Europe is but little removed from piracy, is an amazing instance of the failure of some reformers to realise the distinction between a theoretical argument and a practical result. Such an electorate would be far more swayed by transient emotions than by the logic of the situation. This is the philosophic objection to woman suffrage; it is democracy reduced to an absurdity. There may be some tremendous fallacy in the contention, but that remains to be pointed out. This contention has not hitherto been met in the Suffragist literature. It may be fallacious, but it must be demonstrated wherein the fallacy lies, otherwise the argument stands good. A subsidiary argument is that nearly all matters most nearly connected with government are in the hands of men. The railways, the mines, the Army, the Navy, the merchant and trading services, the Indian and Egyptian civil services, the revenue administration, the banks, colonisation, the diplomatic service, the Church, the law, engineering, building, the construction and maintenance of roads, the means of communication, sanitation and public health, the cable services, etc., etc., are maintained by men. If all these were swept out of the social organism there would not be much left. Men certainly have a better equitable right to manage the government of the country than women, as the latter are outside most of the matters of administration. Why should a sex which is apart from the technique of these vast industries, occupations, and professions be permitted to interfere in their management and regulation? C. H. NORMAN. [The above article, of which the second half has already appeared, is referred to elsewhere in this issue.— ED.] Currency and Co-operation. OF all reform movements that have made considerable headway in this country, none have had the opportunity for effecting a greater improvement in the condition of the working classes, or a greater chance of solving the question of unemployment, than the Co-operative Movement. Voluntary co-operation is the true principle upon which permanent social and economic reforms can be built—I may say that it is the only safe principle. In place of the artificial hothouse system of State-aided industries, voluntary co-operation presents a natural system which ensures wealth and true success. Hitherto the Co-operative Movement has contented itself with getting rid of the middle man, and supplying commodities to members at practically wholesale rates, or at least at prices considerably below those of the shopkeepers. It has also taken in hand certain forms of production. But although it has increased the purchasing power of the wage-earners, it has not affected the distribution of purchasing power to any considerable extent. Let us examine this matter carefully. Industrial prosperity depends upon consumption. Consumption is the parent of demand. If commodities are not consumed almost as rapidly as they are produced, we have an accumulation of stock, a slackening of employment, and a throwing out of work of thousands of able-bodied men and women who have to remain idle until the stock of goods is consumed and the demand again created. This is known as over-production. Given an ample supply of all the prime factors of production—land, labour, and capital—it is only reasonable to expect that wealth should be continually produced until the wants of all are fully supplied, but we have the striking paradox of poverty and want amidst an abundance of all these prime factors! Something is wrong with the mechanism of wealth-production and distribution. What is it? We find that civilisation has invented an artificial contrivance known as Money, with which goods produced are exchanged, and by means of which the wealth produced is distributed in the form of wages, interest on capital, rent and land profits, etc. The demand for commodities is regulated absolutely by the amount of money in the hands of those who desire commodities. Periodically the bulk of the wealth accumulates in the hands of a few who are unable to consume it within a reasonable time, and the masses have to stand idle until the few who have the money are able to consume their wealth, and then the process begins again! The chief difficulty in our system is the currency, On 19th SEPTEMBER, at 8.30 p.m., A MEETING WILL BE HELD IN THE STRAND LECTURE ROOM, 15, ADAM STREET, STRAND. To deal with the Future of the INTERNATIONAL SUFFRAGE SHOP. The lease of the above terminates on September 29th next, and unless ways and means can be arranged at this meeting this unique Feminist enterprise must close down on that date, in spite of its undoubted propaganda value. All who are interested are urged to attend and help to extend the work so effectively begun. which is altogether insufficient. If for every sovereign's worth of wealth produced the producing classes were provided with enough of the medium of exchange for exchanging such wealth, we should keep on producing commodities until either the factors themselves were exhausted, or until every producer had enough and to spare. The currency laws of this country—like those of all others—have been made at the instigation of money-lenders who are interested in making cash scarce, so that there is a great demand for a substitute, viz., their own credit. The banks of this country are loaning and drawing interest upon hundreds of millions of pounds, and yet they do not possess altogether more than a fraction of this sum in currency. The banking deposits of Great Britain are about £1,100,000,000. The cash controlled by all the banks, including the Bank of England, is not more than £70,000,000, and yet they are able to draw interest on all this mass of credit, just as though they had the same amount in golden sovereigns. The moment that trouble arises—a rumour of war or a great strike—a great deal of this credit is called in, the bank rate is raised, and industries are slaughtered, in order that the safety of our banks may be maintained! From a national standpoint it is the most suicidal system that was ever conceived! What is the remedy, and how can co-operation effect a reform? Let us suppose that the great co-operative societies were to unite and offer to take commodities from producers and pay in some form of cheque upon themselves. The farmers, for instance, would send their produce to the stores, and these would be received at market rates, and paid for by a cheque on the stores, which cheque would entitle the farmers to any commodities contained in the stores to the face value of the cheques, and so on with all other producers. Would not this system enormously expand the volume of purchasing power and enable production to go on unrestricted? If the co-operative societies were able to control a sufficiently large variety of commodities, and to include houses, land, and other things, the producers who sent their goods to the stores would be able to obtain all that they required in the way of food, clothing, shelter, etc., and they would have no need of legal tender or currency, except for such payments as rates and taxes, railway fares, etc. Such a system would certainly reduce the necessity for cash to a minimum. A system based upon this has already been tried on a very small scale in connection with what is known as the "Brotherhood Trust," but necessarily the practical success of such a system is entirely dependent upon its scope and the scale upon which it can be conducted. Such a movement on the part of the great co-operative societies would bring into line thousands of industries, and, purely out of self-interest, all the working classes and the middle classes would ultimately be bound to join such an organisation. It is astounding that such a thing has never been seized upon sooner, and one can only suppose that this is due to ignorance on the part of the leaders of the co-operative societies. The advantages of such a system would be so great as to compel all our great industries to come into the movement. It would solve the problem of unemployment, and it would reduce interest charges to a comparatively small amount. Indeed, it would be the death-blow to usury of every description. Usury, after all, is nothing more than the price of a legally created monopoly, viz., the monopoly of currency. Will not the leaders of our co-operative societies give this matter their earnest consideration? ARTHUR KITSON. Police Systems and Organised Crime. OF late years there has been a growing feeling that while the uniformed policeman is usually an honest and able fellow, yet the detective leaves much that is greatly to be desired. The recent Rosenthal murder in New York, followed by the ghastly tragedy of unfortunate Miss Curran, showed a state of rottenness among the officials of the New York Central Detective Office that can hardly be credited by the average law-abiding citizen. Our own Criminal Investigation Department has, I understand, on several occasions been watched carefully by Home Office agents when rumours of systematic dishonesty on the part of certain detectives in the East End arose. In my possession is the original of a letter which I can now make public without committing a serious breach of trust. It is reproduced here below, with certain names left out, and was written at a time when four detectives were suspected of "working in" with East-End thieves. "October 5th, 1910. "DEAR SIR,—On Monday last, at 10 p.m., the police at Leman Street station were officially informed that information had been received to the effect that a man named H- or T- was going about with a newspaper man endeavouring to photograph police conversing with bookmakers. "We were warned, to be careful, and to treat the information as 'strictly confidential,' and to tell no one. "The police, or some of them, now seem to think that XXX...  is acting as their enemy and trying to get photographic evidence against them." The rest of the letter is of a personal nature, and is signed by a member of the police force who was well in the public eye until a few months ago. But this merely by the way. Our police-detective system is very old-fashioned, not in scientific apparatus, but in its methods and in its recruiting. What is wanted nowadays is a detective force entirely separate from the police; a force recruited from men of professional training or of worldly knowledge acquired outside the uniformed department, but to which policemen of natural ability should be admitted. The United States Secret Service is recruited on these lines, and it would be no acknowledgment of inferiority on the part of the Home Office to remodel the Criminal Investigation Department on the United States Secret Service lines. It should be remembered that this excellent body of men has nothing in common with the different detective forces established in American cities and employed by the municipalities. In our oversea Dominions things are better managed than in England. In Egypt the Department of Public Security exercises great judgment in employing agents; so does the Indian Government. During Fenian times the English Government employed a special corps of men as secret agents; nor were most of these men policemen. The Russian Government has long ago realised the folly of only employing graduates from the uniformed force. Sir Robert Anderson expresses his belief that there are Napoleons of crime controlling vast underworld organisations. Jonathan Wild might well exist in these days, and with even more security than in the eighteenth century. Where criminals have become educated and specialised, our police, except for identification systems, has hardly progressed from the ideas of the old Bow Street runners. The late Pinkerton, that clever Scot who organised the vast crime-detecting agency that now bears his name, recognised the necessity of employing specialists, while Burns, the American, has brought all kinds of scientific innovations to bear on the detection of crime. The C.I.D. rely to a large extent on letters of denunciation and on "narks," or informers. I understand that the militant Suffragettes had them baffled to such an extent that the Liberal party had to hire women private inquiry agents to obtain the confidence of the Hypatias of Clement's Inn. It has been said that the "Yard" now employs six women operatives, but I doubt if these are on the pay roll. They are probably agency detectives. To have to hire outside help from inquiry agencies is a confession of weakness on the part of any police department. It is perhaps unfair to criticise the Criminal Investigation Department, which, as a corporate whole, is probably the most honest and efficient body employed in any city, but this does not do away with the fact that while the police are capable of dealing with the ordinary thief or receiver, for these are but humble members of the freemasonry of the underworld, there are men it is impossible for the C.I.D. to convict. There is one man, a big jeweller, who has successfully defied the police department for thirty years. The successful thief is never caught. In guarding kings we employ specialists; in foreign and political affairs we set experts to work. Only in matters pertaining to crime are we niggardly. We pay minor agents of the Foreign Office large bonuses and heavy expenses, but police and detectives are handicapped by red tape, insufficient training, and small expense moneys. Goron, former chief of the Paris Surêté, said, years ago, that London was the Paradise of receivers of stolen goods. Foreign criminals, especially White Slave dealers, are free from supervision here, in spite of the Aliens Act. Like the gipsies of old, the modern criminal is a "brother of the Iron Ring," not aware of the power guiding him, that uses him, and casts him off. Who supplies the money for the shipping of women from London to South America and to Eastern ports? Who financed the big robberies of recent years, and who reaps the major benefit of these iniquities? The police may know, but they cannot obtain legal evidence. Thus it is that they, in order to retain public confidence, are often obliged to prosecute petty "rat" thieves, or people who should be in lunatic asylums. The brains of the C.I.D. are wasted on these minor offenders who could easily be dealt with by intelligent plain-clothes men. The Suburra of ancient Rome, the Cour de Miracles of Paris, even Alsatia and Seven Dials in our own London, had their kings who were never caught and who exercised immense power. Has it never occurred to the general public that the same thing might well obtain to-day and does? Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's Moriarty is a fine fiction character. Moriarty exists, but he is a syndicate of many clever and unscrupulous men who do not believe in Romance. If ever I was arrested I would prefer to have to deal with the London police than with those of any American city, for our men are usually decent and as fair as they well can be. DONALD CAMPBELL. NOTE.—An important meeting of the Discussion Circle to discuss future plans will be held on Wednesday, September 18th, in Chandos Hall, at 8 p.m., in place of the discussion on "Prostitution," as before announced. All interested are asked to be present. Notice to the Readers of "The Freewoman." DURING the last few days the difficulties which have beset THE FREEWOMAN from its start, which are inseparable from the life of a free organ, have been increased in a highly hampering degree by the boycott of Messrs. W. H. Smith and Sons, newsagents. These gentlemen have notified their intention to take THE FREEWOMAN off their stalls, for reasons which they give as follows:— "To Stephen Swift and Co. "DEAR SIR,—In reply to your letter of yesterday, we have come to the conclusion that the nature of certain articles which have been appearing lately in THE FREEWOMAN are such as to render the paper unsuitable to be exposed on the bookstalls for general sale. We have decided that in future we cannot do more than supply it when it is specially ordered.—Yours faithfully, "August 28th, 1912." "w. h. SMITH AND SONS." Now, it may be thought that this action stands for puritanical bigotry directed against our discussion of sex-problems. We do not believe that this is the case. Since the Times and the Morning Post devoted their leading columns to discussion of THE FREEWOMAN, it has been quite clear that the paper had created enemies which it did not rouse in the beginning of its career, enemies who would be powerful enough to involve it in legal expenses which would further hamper our efforts to keep going. Since that time, therefore, the contributions on subjects likely to arouse puritanical bigotry have been published with the greatest care. This our readers will have noticed. The enmity has not, therefore, ceased. It has increased as the energy of our anti-capitalistic campaign has increased. The animosity which we rouse is not roused on the subject of sex-discussion. It is aroused on the question of capitalism. The opposition in the capitalist Press only broke out when we began to make it clear that the way out of the sex-problem was through the door of the economic problem. Failing to find the opportunity to fight THE FREEWOMAN in the courts on some hatched-up case of puritanism, the attack proceeds by the hole-and-corner method of breaking down our circulation. A better method could not have been found for the purposes of its ill-wishers. The paper must show some signs of living by its circulation, for it cannot live by its advertisements. We put the case, then, to our readers. The fate of the paper is entirely in their hands. We write it, print it, publish it, and push it. It remains for them to get it, and if they want it they will have to make efforts to get it. We ask them to cancel their order with Smith's and place their order direct with the publishers. It will make a difference. It will increase our revenue threefold. It will represent a standing order. It will be something upon which we can calculate. If you cannot subscribe for a year, subscribe for a half-year. If not a half-year, then three months. If not three months, then six weeks. If you cannot, with an effort, do that, we are justified in thinking you feel no vital need for the continuance of the paper. We make a quite definite request. We have two months to run before the completion of our second volume. In those two months we must get a thousand paid subscribers for one period or another. We repeat, the existence of the paper is dependent upon the action of the readers, and prompt action at that. We ask readers to drop their orders with Smith's and order from us direct. It is the only way in which the existence of THE FREEWOMAN can be guaranteed. —The Editor of THE FREEWOMAN. Correspondence. To the Editor of THE FREEWOMAN. THE POLICY OF "THE FREEWOMAN." MADAM,—Keenly aware as I am of your great gifts and unprecedented intuitions, I think you carry your confidence in them too far when you set out to summarise for your large and appreciative circle of readers a book that you quite manifestly have never seen. The "Great State" is not, as you intimate, a volume by me, but by a number of writers, and no one who had read my contribution would suppose that I advocated anything that could conceivably be called "Guild-Socialism." Neither is the Great State the Servile State which I foreshadowed in "When the Sleeper Wakes," and which Mr. Belloc subsequently christened. Foreseeing the possibility of slovenly readers, I supplemented the very exact distinctions in my "Great State" article with a diagram, which you have, of course, not seen, but which was intended to bring home to the meanest intelligence the essential difference between the ideal of the Great State, on the one hand, and the ideal of that Bureaucratic State (Servile State of Mr. Belloc) which I have always hated and opposed, and satirised and jeered at, on the other. That difference lies in the entire absence of any specific labour class in the Great State. You have heard somewhere of my adhesion to the idea of a universal labour conscription, a labour service for a year or so, as a necessary substitute for the subjugation of a labour class, and your rapid, mobile mind has leapt to the phrase "unregimented labour" and an entire inversion of my proposal. Perhaps because of my greater modesty, I do read you with attention and amusement, and now that I am writing to you, madam, permit me to add to my correction of your brilliant misstatements my assurance that I do not believe you have any constructive ideas at all in your head, that you do not know what you want in economic and social organisation, that the wild cry for freedom which makes me so sympathetic with your paper, and which echoes through every column of it, is unsupported by the ghost of the shadow of an idea how to secure freedom. What is the good of writing that "economic arrangements will have to be adjusted to the Soul of man," if you are not prepared with anything remotely resembling a suggestion of how the adjustment is to be effected. My collaborators and I in the "Great State" do offer, among other matter, suggestions to that very end. Your paper, which was so promising as a breakaway from the monomania for the Vote, becomes more and more an irrational and inattentive clamouring of the same kind—mixed up amazingly with Mr. Kitson on currency.....  I pray you, madam, to collect yourself, and I remain, as always, your sympathetic reader, H. G. WELLS. [We think we should be right in saying that we have given as much attention to Mr. Wells' diagram as he has given to the policy of THE FREEWOMAN, and that we have found as much amusement in picking out the family likenesses on the opposing sides of his diagram as he appears to have found in the pages of THE FREEWOMAN.— ED.] THE NORMAL SOCIAL STATE. MADAM,—I want to ask you a few questions—no, rather, I want to criticise you. You believe, I have recently discovered, that everybody ought to possess a plot of ground on which they should produce their own food, and that that should be the main business of everybody's life. You wicked editor! This is very much too easy a way out. Your solution is uneconomic, and it is immoral. It is uneconomic because in a generation or two the nation would be starving. It is immoral because it would lead to slavery. To begin with, the idea of producing all one's food from one patch of ground is preposterous. Is the Evesham market gardener to stop producing the best plums in England and grow inferior potatoes? Is the Sleaford farmer to stop producing the best potatoes in England and grow inferior plums? You know quite well that every district has a separate "talent" for producing different crops. Moreover, you really cannot do without cattle, for milk and butter are necessary, even if you give up meat. You disapprove, I gather, of cattle being raised under cover and fed with farm produce; they must be allowed to graze. You believe this, in spite of the fact that you must know it takes three acres of grazing to raise one head of cattle, while it takes only one acre of tillage. May I point out that it has been found impossible to raise stock economically on small holdings? In Ireland, of course, it has been attempted for centuries, with the result that the State you object to so much has now to step in with imported pedigree boars, asses, and cattle, to improve the degenerate stock thus produced. Besides this aspect, I wish you joy in managing a small holding of grazing and tillage combined, and keeping the land "clean." I gather you object to all co-operation, for co-operation implies the State. Yet how are you going to break up rough land without the aid of machinery? which you cannot possibly own individually, the cost being enormous, though it would pay you to own it communally. Really adequate stockyards can only be built co-operatively. I cannot imagine that you will disapprove of the use of the machine in agricultural processes, though it is "unnatural." All agricultural processes are, strictly speaking, "unnatural," and the Scottish peasantry who indulge in them in their "purest" and most "untainted" form are the most degraded of all peasantries (immorality and drunkenness being their customary amusements). Moreover, do you think we all have a talent for agriculture? It needs as much temperament and laborious study as does the art of music. I can think of no department of agriculture (except parts of forestry, which, of course, being of purely commercial value, would be of no use to your ideal State—I beg your pardon, your ideal normal social life) which does not require skill and knowledge. Think, if you were in possession of a rough piece of land and had broken it up by spade-work (having scorned the co-operative steam cultivator), what would what was left of you do next? What "cleaning" crop would you put in? Where would you put in lime and soot or nitrates? How would you put in green manure? Would you recognise the various pests as they appeared, and how would you treat them? And do you really believe that you would get the man or woman who was yearning to get back to the dear, old, immoral system where they had obeyed their primitive instincts (just as primitive as the agricultural instinct) by being sailor or actress or musician or doctor to give the attention that such problems demand? Not a bit of it! That is why your system is uneconomic. It necessitates an inferior food supply, repudiates the necessary machinery for developing the soil, and gives the land over to inefficient farmers. Remember, land never marks time. It either goes forward under efficient farming, or by lying fallow, or it goes back under inefficient farming. A nation of amateur agriculturists would kill England in half a century. The land would refuse to yield food. The immorality of your system lies in its imposition of a certain way of life which requires a very special kind of temperament on all temperaments. Did you never meet men who could not bear to live more than a year in one place, who were tramps by nature? Very good and valuable men they often are. I suppose you have some object in forgetting artists and scientists. What good would a plot of ground be to W. H. Davies, or Lord Lister, or Freud? Surely they have enough "property" in their heads. Do you think that you will get artists and scientists to produce art and science in the evenings when they have got the asparagus patch off their minds? You will get as much respectable craftsmanship as you like, and possibly some excellent recipes for herb tea. But you will get no great art or science. Much as you dislike civilisation, are you prepared to take the responsibility of killing science? Freud has begun (by studies engrossing the passion of a lifetime, not by a hobby carried on in the evenings) to solve the question of insanity. Does it seem to you more important that he should grow his own food? Bashford is getting on nicely with the cure of cancer; much better stop, grow cabbages, and let people die in agony. There is no reason to believe that agriculture will eradicate these evils. I know well a certain family which has lived on the land for many centuries; since 1780 every member of it has died of cancer. And to push things back to an extreme example of your theories, the inhabitants of many of the Pacific Islands who live in a manner that would (theoretically) delight you are periodically decimated by virulent forms of a disease commonly associated with the evils of Western civilisation. (Man was not quite mad when he turned to civilisation; he was aiming at happiness, and he was certainly going somewhere to find it. You are merely returning to a position he found untenable.) Once you admit that artists and scientists do not need the kind of "property" you advocate for all, it seems to me the whole system falls about your ears. If you agree not to enslave certain types to agriculture because their strength renders them valuable to life, you must give the other types who will find the agricultural life distasteful (not many, but quite sufficient to be considered), a chance to show their strength, or you are immoral! I have assumed that you do not mean agriculturists to exchange produce, because that immediately necessitates the intervention of the State, which you repudiate. I suppose you know all about that—the necessity for cooperative markets and State market officials, etc. But, even accepting your view of the self-contained producer, I cannot imagine agriculture proceeding at all without State aid. If it had not been for research in State laboratories and State distributed prophylactics the potato plant would have been wiped out time and again in both this country and America. How can you look on agriculture as such an amateurish affair? I cannot understand your view of the land from an economic point of view. Am I wrong in thinking that if your agricultural ideal goes your whole attack on Socialism goes with it? Obviously land is the only form of property you can approve of, bearing in mind the attitude of your paper on usury and "dead" property. It seems to me that the Socialist method of recognising that we all possess "living" property—the faculty of cultivating the land, it may be, or weaving beautiful cloth, or bringing up children, or curing illness—and rewarding us all alike is preferable to your method of dumping us all down on the land irrespective of our different souls. It is more spiritual. It is more compatible with free-will. It recognises that we are "in reality only a collection of individuals, whose superficial likenesses dissolve into unlike-nesses immediately they are traded upon." This is why you must justify your economic view of the land. Because your moral view depends entirely on your economic view. You think of the land as something that only has to be scratched affectionately to give a living; something no more exhausting than keeping a dog. I believe it to be nothing of the sort, but to be as absorbing and jealous as every kind of work must be. Ecstasy if you love it, hell if you don't. Please lay your reasons for your view before us! RACHEL EAST. [This letter is referred to elsewhere.—ED.] WORK AND LIFE. MADAM,—I believe that in a previous number of THE FREEWOMAN someone expressed the hope that women would think. Well, I have been endeavouring to do so, and in thinking over your article, "Work and Life," I find that I still remain unconvinced. Your ideas, though of great interest, seem to me to be unpractical, and purely metaphysical speculation. In suggesting that the machine in the future might be of the greatest service to man, I did not for a moment think of doing away with work, or of making work easy. I rather hoped that it would make it more agreeable than some of us find it now. I fully realise the value of work to the soul's emancipation, but, to that end, man should be able to do the work which appeals to him, to which he responds voluntarily. I allow that tending a machine is a menial task which no one could love; but then so are many things which must be done, such as cleaning roads, collecting or destroying refuse, mining, etc. I cannot picture a time when these services will not be needed; would they come in with the simple exchanges, or would each individual get his own coal, clean up his portion of the earth, and with a few tools do all the other menial tasks necessary to his comfort? I do not see that an individual could live at all independently. I do not think that work has been a pleasure in the past, excepting as it is to-day, to the lucky few. I can scarcely imagine that the workers in the past realised the sense of beauty and personality in their work. It must have been compulsory then, just as tending the machine is now, and in the compulsion it must have been as tedious and trying as it is to the workers to-day. They were slaves as much then as now. Ever since man began to take precautions, to erect dwellings, lay in food, etc., slavery in some form has existed. Whatever has been accomplished in the past gave pleasure only to the designer; in working out the design the slaves then, as now, took no interest beyond the fact that for their labour they got their maintenance. I expect they existed then much as they do now, and were herded together just as are the machine slaves to-day, their tasks divided and subdivided, ever the same to a monotony, as it is to-day, to create the whole. Men will always herd to a certain extent. Man is a sociable animal, so runs the maxim in the copy-book. The man who lives, works, and thinks only for himself is abnormal. In communal life he is bound to some extent to restrain individual tendencies. The force of circumstances compels him to consider what effect his actions would have on his neighbours. The necessity to exchange services or products makes it impossible to live entirely as an individual. The machinist in his inventions for public purposes, is the Good Samaritan. He is as necessary in human life as the artist. We would not like to dispense with either of them. We need them both. We are not independent, and never shall be. One wonders how far the artist would work out his conceptions if he did not depend on the services of his fellows. Would he realise his soul if some one did not do the menial work? Life in a community demands a certain amount of servility; either the machine or the slave must serve. If the machine could be made to answer that purpose so much the better, for no one could reveal his personality in a coal mine, neither could he, "if we reverted to the primitive state," in gathering sticks. The sculptor finds pleasure as he makes his ideas take life and shape in stone. He can work incessantly without fatigue; but one wonders how far he would get if he had to hew the stone from the quarry and had to cart it to the studio. The architect might work without rest on a gorgeous temple, but he would not be able to accomplish it without the aid of man or machine, and there is little room for self-attainment in carrying stones and erecting scaffolds; it is in this kind of work that one asks for the eight hours day. You frequently speak of the artist. Would you wish each of us to be an artist? It seems very improbable, if we are to live on our own land, depending on our own tools. Perhaps I have a mistaken idea of the tool and the machine. I call the plough a machine and the spade a tool. Now, there is neither pleasure nor dignity in digging—one is always glad when it is done. We like to plant, to tend, and to design, but to dig even one's front garden is a bore. I think of the needle, the scissors, and the thimble as tools, but to take pleasure in making a becoming frock one must have the machine to stitch the seams, lest in the drudgery and monotony of the stitch one loses the pleasure of the design. It is not surprising that before the sewing machine came the dresses were ugly, and made to last so long. How could they be otherwise, when they took so long to make? Against the ugliness of towns too much cannot be said, yet I fancy that without the machine things could not be much better; for work cannot be done in beautiful surroundings—it makes too much litter. No one would care if the machine houses were ugly—one expects some ugliness; it serves, if only as a contrast to the beautiful. Even on the land, cultivated land, one would have to put up with it, for the tool shed and the manure heap would hardly be termed beautiful. One accepts these things as necessary. To own private property is a natural desire, but one that has been responsible for so much exploiting of humanity and much of the evil that has existed that it is indeed difficult to conceive how it will be such a source of blessing in the future. Man is not likely to go back to the Adam stage; he has evolved, and cannot go back. The experience of thousands of years cannot be disposed of. Man no longer lives entirely for himself. He sees the advantages of communism; they are too much for the individualist. There is more that is common in man than individuals. The fact that there will always be old people, sick people, THE FREEWOMAN NOTICES and TERMS OF SUBSCRIPTION EDITORIAL Letters, etc., intended for the Editor should be addressed: 9, John Street, Adelphi, London, W.G. Telegrams to address below. PUBLICATION All business communications relative to the publication of THE FREEWOMAN should be addressed, and all cheques, postal and money orders, etc., made payable to the Publishers, STEPHEN SWIFT and CO., LTD., 16, King Street, Covent Garden, London, W.C. Telegrams to "Lumenifer, London." Terms of Subscription:—Yearly, 14s.; Six Months, 7s.; Three Months, 3s. 6d.; to any address in the Postal Union. ADVERTISEMENTS All orders, letters, etc., concerning advertisements should be addressed to the Manager, THE FREEWOMAN. 16, King Street, Covent Garden, London, W.C. NOTE:—The Office, 9, John Street, Adelphi, W.C., will be open in September during the following hours only: Monday and Tuesday, 10.30 a.m. to 12.30 p.m.; Wednesday and Thursday, 2 p.m. to 5 p.m. Inquiries at other hours to be made at 16, King Street, Covent Garden, London, W.C. young people, and babies to care for will make communism inevitable. If there is to be civilisation there must be common property to some extent for administration, education and amusement. There will also be external authority or common authority, if only in isolating smallpox and dangerous lunatics. I cannot help thinking that it would be immoral to expose man to the temptations and speculations that individual property would invite. What is to prevent a man from coveting his neighbour's and possibly adding it to his own? How is the land to be divided up, and what authority will keep the reserve land for the unborn? Is it not possible that the piece allotted at birth might be just the piece the individual would not choose, and is it not also most probable that the individual with the speculative mind might be able to persuade several individuals to throw in their lot with him, in order to attain some greater achievement, and so start communism? I fear that there are very many disadvantages, and that the desire to accumulate would be a desire that would need a great deal of restraining. RACHEL GRAHAM. [This letter is referred to elsewhere.—ED.] STRINDBERG, REBECCA WEST, AND LONELINESS. MADAM,—Rebecca West, who is, I suppose, one of the soundest spiritual health experts in Europe, has made a mistake. She has spoken contemptuously of the "vulgar fear of loneliness." It is no more contemptible to be afraid of loneliness than to be afraid of hunger; nor is it any less vulgar, being indeed an instinct common to all mankind faced with the prospect of loneliness. I would ask Rebecca West to consult her intuitive powers carefully on the subject; meanwhile, I beg to offer these few and scrappy indications of the probable result of her investigation. The human soul is not complete in itself, at least not for the purposes of its earthly sojourn. It requires nourishment of many sorts; it requires a healthy and satisfied body, it requires constant emotion, frequently opposition. These things are necessary to it, not as a means to happiness, but as a means to the effective expression of the best in itself. Without them it becomes narrowed, soured, often corrupted. It is true that from a purely spiritual point of view it may seem contemptible and vulgar to discuss diet and exercise and other such material things—an immortal soul would seem above them. It is an illusion. The government of a country engaged in a noble and righteous war (if any war could be noble and righteous) would find itself forced to devote most of its attention to the supply of provisions, etc., for the army; so with the life force. We cannot ignore our material needs, nor should we therefore despise them. Companionship, in one form or another, is one of these essentials to every soul. And as souls vary in kind, so also do the forms of companionship necessary to them. What we call the highest soul requires—or rather enjoys, for the requirement is inseparable from its fulfilment— the companionship of Nature. This is what Rebecca West really means by the "proud soul's privilege of isolation." It is the very opposite of isolation; it is actual identification with the whole force and purpose of the universe. And it is, indeed, a privilege. Few attain it— and even those few rarely for any lengthy period. Pioneers engaged in a violent struggle along the tracks of evolution are most commonly privileged in this respect: Rebecca West, no doubt, for one. Possibly, however, she has failed to observe that this van-guard forms comparatively a very tiny section of the whole world spirit. And she will agree, I am sure, that there is nothing to boast about—however grateful one may be—in being thus chosen, and at the same time relieved from the trouble of gratifying this particular requirement of the soul. Companionship is really a sort of cooperation. It is the base on which the world advances. If the highest form is this merging in Nature, an equally important and infinitely more common one is human sympathy. Human sympathy is a necessity to the vast majority of souls above a certain status; and the more sensitive the soul, the more urgently it is required. Strindberg was a peculiarly sensitive man with touches of genius. At times, as he has related, he experienced the ecstasy of "isolation," but for the most part he was subject to this more earthly need. I believe that with one sympathetic friend his soul might have attained a completeness out of which his works would have poured with the serenity of the Greek spirit. But, thanks to the unhealthiness of his origin, he was cursed with an unattractive personality—the brand of Cain upon his forehead, he repelled where he most needed affinity; he searched in vain for the milk of human kindness. In his intervals from the privileged "isolation," he was lonely, desperately lonely. Now, there are lower forms of companionship than the two I have mentioned. There is the Blackpool variety, which Rebecca West mentioned, the sociability of the 'bus and the train; and there is the Leicester Square variety. It was this latter that Strindberg, in his loneliness, fell back upon; he was driven to it; it was a companionship entirely unworthy of him—a makeshift companionship. Loneliness, indeed, is a very considerable element in the male contribution to the evil of prostitution, but seldom has it such a serious effect on the victim as this degrading experience had on Strindberg. He became a whirlpool of conflicting sensations—he lost his balance. Between two stools, the exaltation of the "strongest man" of Ibsen's play, standing supremely alone, and his sordid dependence on lust, his mind collapsed. He confused the divine in woman (see his "Dream Play") with the woman of his makeshift companionships—small wonder that he became a misogynist. Rebecca West has described his pathetic alternations between idealism and dirt. But I would suggest that his loneliness was not an effect of this mental chaos, but the cause. —Yours, etc., R. THE CASE OF PENELOPE MADAM,—Criticising my article under the above heading, your correspondent, E. Noel Morgan, supposes that few persons will dispute my statement that what the public wants is happiness; but that is exactly what his two fellow critics set out by doing. By happiness I do not mean pleasure, as Margaret Theobald seems to suppose. "To get our own way," she says, "is what we mortals most earnestly desire." To get our own way is happiness (or we think it will be). What, after all, is happiness, but the fulfilment of our will? It doesn't matter what we may will. To get what we want implies contentment, freedom from pain and anxiety, in short, happiness. I ask Margaret Theobald and Arthur Lewis if they can imagine a man seriously aiming at the thwarting of his own desires. "No man," says Mr. Lewis, "calculates whether life will make him happy." No; but he hopes that it will, and he tries to make it happy as far as he knows how; and, at the worst, he will tell you that he prefers it to the possibly greater unhappiness of another state. Even the Buddhist heading for Nirvana is aiming at a negative happiness. It is impossible to imagine a rational being aiming at any other ultimate goal. The man who marries when he knows he can't afford it, thinks he will be happier poor and married than unmarried and well off; or the desire for immediate happiness (i.e., gratification of his desires) is so strong that he will buy it at the cost of subsequent relative discomfort. If I give up beer and tobacco for six months in order to get a holiday, am I not seeking happiness? Mr. Lewis asks if Crowsley, when he risked imprisonment by inciting the troops to mutiny, was aiming at happiness. Of course he was. The shooting down of strikers was hateful to him, in the overthrow of the military system I doubt not he would have tasted the keenest joy. He would probably have told you that he could not be happy while the present system lasted. The martyrs burning at the stake all professed to be happy. Why? Because they thought that by their pains they had purchased a long lease of happiness in the next world. Frankly, the point seems to me hardly worth discussing. I am not sufficient of a Mark Tapley to understand how men can so despise their own happiness. Dr. Saleeby, in his useful little handbook on ethics, has settled the question, I think, once for all, and demonstrates that happiness must be the ultimate end and purpose of conscious and voluntary human endeavour. And though happiness is, as Mr. Lewis is willing to suppose, of various kinds, it does not cease to be a test of the value of human acts and attributes. The assumption of a negative happiness would be sufficient, I fancy, to establish my main propositions. Mr. Lewis and Mrs. Theobald will grant, I suppose, that no one wants to be made miserable. Mrs. Theobald suggests what she calls excellent reasons for prizing conjugal fidelity. They are reasons, perhaps, for prizing it in a given state of society—the present European competitive society—which I am not at all anxious to preserve. One of my objections to the existing system is precisely this, that it necessitates (or appears to necessitate) an unnatural course of conduct on the part of individuals, thereby diminishing their happiness. I do not propose to consider whether conjugal fidelity is essential to the maintenance of modern society; I propose to consider whether it is conducive to human happiness. If Margaret Theobald had protested in the Slave States against slavery, she would have been told that slavery was essential to the existence of society, as it possibly was. She would rightly have replied: If your society is built on human unhappiness, it is not worth preserving." Conjugal fidelity, your correspondent will readily admit, was not originally prized for the sake of the children, but as a tribute of respect and obedience to the husband. The Turk of the fables who drowns his unfaithful wife in a sack does not do so because she has failed in her duty as a mother. Moreover, you have only to look at contemporary France to see that conjugal fidelity is not, as Mrs. Theobald supposes, essential to the good upbringing and the happiness of the children. Without crediting the exaggerations of the novels, it must be admitted that our neighbours are not famed for fidelity to their spouses; but they are probably the best parents in the world. With all respect to Mr. Henry James, children do get very wholesome care from parents perpetually acquiring new loves. You have only to go to Paris and look around you. No; conjugal fidelity is by no means essential to the welfare of the new generations. In Europe to-day there are plenty of women who want a child without dreaming of demanding or desiring the life-long fidelity of the father. Some of your readers probably think that women will be really free and happy only when they cease to demand it. Now, fidelity as a virtue of obligation, as an ideal, does not mean merely continuing to do something while you take pleasure in doing it. Margaret Theobald may, as she says, be proud of enjoying the same thing for dinner every day, but I do not think anybody else will greatly admire her for it. The virtue of fidelity surely consists in persistence in a certain relation or course of conduct, whether or not that relation or course of conduct continues to produce any immediate happiness per se. Nobody is applauded for his constancy in going to bed or eating three good meals a day. Therefore I am willing to grant that the "calm and mellowed love of wedded life" may be an excellent atmosphere for the child; but when the love is no longer alive, when the parents are simply persisting in living together from habit or even a sense of duty, then I consider that atmosphere no more wholesome than that of the ordinary French home of which I gather your correspondent would not approve. In point of fact, French homes are much happier than English precisely because husband and wife do not expect "fidelity" from each other, but chiefly friendship. They are therefore seldom that source of irritation to each other which they generally appear to be in the poorer homes of this country. It is a common sight at this time of year in hotels and boarding-houses to see married couples sitting, obviously bored with each other, surveying the promenaders. The man is plainly longing to go out and talk to the pretty girl angling for admirers on the pier; the wife thinks with a sigh what a jolly time she could have with that young fellow at the next table if only she were free. A French couple would soon come to an understanding. The English couple continue to bore each other and to deny themselves pleasure—in whose interests, I again ask? "Either voluntarily to embrace pain or willingly to submit to it," says your correspondent, "is so much ability acquired to win the victory over ourselves and others." I doubt that this is altogether true. The habit of submitting to pain has, in many cases, induced a servile cast of mind and body. But, assuming it to be true, victory in itself is not a goal. You win victories over yourself and other people to increase or preserve your happiness, or, as Margaret Theobald puts it, "to get your own way." Well, I have yet to learn how it can increase your happiness to persist in an intimate relation which has ceased to gratify sense or emotion— dismissing those remoter interests of contemporary society, which, as I have said, are not the interests of humanity or the individual. This brings me to the subject of asceticism. I confess that I spoke loosely when I said that the ascetics valued a thing because it was painful. They, of course, believed with me that happiness was the only thing worth striving WOMEN AS INVENTORS. If you have an IDEA for an INVENTION AND PATENT, protect it at once and secure the full advantage. There is an increasing number of successful Women Patentees. Full particulars and pamphlet of information post free from Messrs. RAYNER and CO., Regd. Patent Agents, 37, Chancery Lane, London, W.C. for; so they proposed to purchase a long, an eternal term of happiness, by sacrificing merely temporary pleasures in this world. St. Simeon Stylites on the top of the column no doubt congratulated himself on having driven an excellent bargain. If any of my readers think that by devoting themselves exclusively to a disagreeable consort and by refusing the love offered them elsewhere, they are laying up a much larger happiness for themselves in the next world, well, I wish them joy of their bargain. E. Noel Morgan says that the ascetics knew the pleasure of the spirit to be superior to the pleasure of the body. I used to be a Catholic, and was bred up on the lives of the saints, but, as far as my memory serves me, the ascetics did not reason quite like that. They attached a far greater value to bodily pleasures than we do, just as, absurdly enough, Catholics still consider abstinence from meat on Fridays a serious mortification and act of self-denial. (When I became a vegetarian, I remember, a Carmelite monk of my acquaintance spoke of my "heroism" in the most extravagant terms.) We read in the annals of the Thebaïd that the holy athletes writhed and groaned in the agonies of chastity. It was not a question with them of the superiority of the spiritual plane to the physical—they reckoned quite simply that the more they suffered in this world, the better time they would have in the next. That I find quite intelligible. But I don't think that is the view of E. Noel Morgan. His view seems to be more that of the Buddhist than the Christian. He thinks that by suppressing the senses man will evolve into something higher. (Don't let us forget that Christians believe in the resurrection of the body.) What that something higher will be I am sure he cannot tell us; I suspect it will be found merely to be something different. He weighs the values of bodily and mental happiness, and decides for the latter. He says that we rarely hear of saints and ascetics who have gone back to eat the coke of mind and body. I must refer him again to the annals of the Thebaïd, which are full of allusions to such backsliders; but we don't hear much of them because, of course, the men who turned back did not become saints. I can assure your correspondent, speaking from my experience in the Catholic Church, that cases of this kind are very common. I have known many people who, two or three years ago, could hardly be restrained from entering a convent, and now smile when you speak of religion. Religious fervour burns itself out as quickly as passion, Telegrams—"Lumenifer, London." Telephones—Gerrard 6449. Price Sixpence. Every Wednesday. IT IS RECOGNISED UNIVERSALLY THAT THE ONLOOKER IS THE SMARTEST ILLUSTRATED TOPICAL AND SOCIETY WEEKLY PAPER. The Onlooker Abroad.—Copies are always on sale at the leading Kiosks, Newsagents and Railway Station Bookstalls of all the most important Cities on the Continent and Egypt. TERMS OF SUBSCRIPTION: UNITED KINGDOM - - 28/- ONE YEAR FOREIGN ---- 35/- „ „ Including Double Numbers and Postage. All Enquiries and Remittances should be forwarded to 16, King Street, Covent Garden, London, W.C. and it cannot, like passion, be rekindled by a fresh object. Satiety of spiritual experience, let me tell your correspondent, is very far from being unknown, even in monasteries. But, with all respect to E. Noel Morgan, the main purpose of my article was not to condemn ascetic practices in general, but to demonstrate that fidelity to one's mates when one has ceased to love them is calculated to diminish the sum of human happiness. This brings me back again to Mr. Lewis. In a sentence which he must pardon me for calling somewhat involved, he appears to argue that fidelity must in many cases be the result and expression of pity. At the present time it generally is. Few men, I have said, can tell a woman that they have ceased to care for her without being ashamed of themselves. This is because they suppose the announcement will cause her pain. But if woman had not been taught to demand stability of affection as a right—if we were taught, on the contrary, that perseverance in sex relations when the original fire and fervour was gone was stupid and gross—then would such an announcement hurt the woman more than does the daughter's desertion of her mother's roof for her husband's hurt the mother at the present day? Parents have been trained to regard their children's transfer of affection to a stranger as the children's right, and as in the very nature of things. Why should we not accept the equally natural temporariness of sexual love as cheerfully and bravely? The one who has ceased to love may be praised for dragging his chains out of regard for the one who still loves; but when kindness is the universal law will the one who loves accept such a sacrifice? When the New Odysseus departs for a ten years' cruise, he will not say to her he loves, Be true and weep for me. He will say, Dear love, be happy and console yourself as best you can in my absence. "If happiness is what the public should aim at," asks Mr. Lewis, "why is pity a great gift?" Because it is the gift which causes others to have concern for our happiness, and so makes for the happiness of all. We might possibly have attained to happiness without pity if evolution had taken an altogether different direction. Lions and tigers get on well without it, but even they find pity for their own offspring a condition of their existence. The fact is that since man became gregarious (if he was OF ALL HIGH-CLASS DRAPERS AND STORES IN LONDON AND PROVINCES. THE FROCKS FOR CHILDREN AND MAIDS SEND POSTCARD FOR NAME OF NEAREST RETAILER TO "DOUGLAFROC" (c/o "FREEWOMAN"), 16, KING STREET, COVENT GARDEN, W.C. ever anything else) pity has become his peculiar virtue, just as constancy seems to be that of the love bird. Therefore I believe he will be happy in its exercise. I grant that it may diminish my individual happiness to meditate on another's sufferings, but I may gain considerably by others meditating on mine. Therefore, it is to the interest of every man to promote and develop this faculty. Well, I must already have encroached too far on the hospitality of your columns. Let me in conclusion remind E. Noel Morgan that when the Galilean proclaimed love of God and our neighbour as the whole duty of man, he did not think fit to add any injunctions as to self-denial or as to persistence in our affections for individuals. August 30th, 1912. EDMUND B. D'AUVERGNE. MADAM,—Margaret Theobald says, "I imagine faithful husbands and wives are proud of their fidelity, for the same reasons that I am proud of enjoying the same thing for dinner every day." Surely this is the last blow at the romance of marriage. To be bracketed with baked rice pudding or tomatoes as the object of one's husband's undying affection!! THE WIFE OF THE WRITER OF THE ARTICLE. "THE REMEDY." MADAM,—Some one of your subscribers has had the courtesy to send me an issue of THE FREEWOMAN. I have studied the tenets of Humanism, and was interested by the contents of your organ, for they demonstrate the truth of the opinion I have always held concerning Humanism—that it is an utterly impracticable creed. Apart from the blind and noisy Socialism to be found in your columns, the gist of the matter consists in a fierce struggle against the chains (some of their own imagination) which bind the women of to-day; so that, to an outsider, "Bondwoman" would be a happier title. On the whole, the paper is an expression of woman's natural instinct for love and union with man. Unhappily this is a condition denied to the majority. How best to endure the evil is the question. I am aware I shall bring down upon myself the derision of your supporters when I state that the only remedy I know is in following the doctrines of the Catholic Church, of which self-restraint and mortification are the keynotes. The humanist, with no ideas beyond material bliss, naturally resents the idea of celibacy. The Church, in its convents and sisterhoods, offers an asylum for wounded spirits whose spiritual welfare will be strengthened and aided by submitting to the yoke in a cheerful spirit. Study Catholicism, study it faithfully and under the best teachers, and you will be amazed at the extraordinary appeal it makes to every instinct, and the salve it offers to each sting and wound inflicted in this fleeting and shadowed world. FLORENCE GAY. FORCIBLE FEEDING. MADAM,—Mr. Norman may not snatch at a victory he has not won. He may have a jolly laugh, two laughs if he likes, at the delightful discovery that I had "inferentially" admitted "that the public expect the women to be forcibly fed on their refusing their prison food"—but I have not made such admission, all the same. In my letter of August 8th I had already made frank reference to "the ominous apathy of the public and of the average member of Parliament." Neither this remark re the public, nor the later remarks to which Mr. Norman specifically refers, bears the interpretation claimed by him. The meaning was, as I certainly suggested, that the forcible feeding issue is one requiring a first-class statesmanly lead for its right solution. Of course, if my opponent is playing for the opening that the satisfaction of the people's will is always the first consideration of Ministers, I have nothing further to say thereon; for—alack for Democracy! it really is not the case. What has been clearly in my mind all the time in the present correspondence has been the theory (which I have applied) that a statesman in public office, democratic or not, who is also a gentleman would never feed brave prisoners by force. Leading facts in the prison department of the militant agitation are, here following, briefly summarised. In October 1906 Mr. Gladstone transferred eleven of us from the second division ("convicted") to the first division with full privileges the terms being absolutely unconditional. Over 122 women were subsequently treated in this way. Before the onset of "violence" on the part of individual suffragists, the Government then reversed this sound judgment; and refused first division treatment. (Note: Was the Government motive coercion of the women's spirit?) TO EVERY READER OF "THE FREEWOMAN" The SWIFT PRESS begs to announce that, as a means of increasing the number of regular subscribers to "THE FREEWOMAN," arrangements have been made with Messrs. STEPHEN SWIFT and CO., Ltd., to present FREE OF CHARGE A COMPLETE SET OF MAX BEERBOHM'S CARTOONS "THE SECOND CHILDHOOD OF JOHN BULL" to every reader who will secure two new subscribers to "THE FREEWOMAN" for one year. The Cartoons are fifteen in number, each a full-page illustration (size 19 1/2 by 14 in.), and are notable examples of the famous cartoonist's happiest work. The Subscription to "THE FREEWOMAN" for one year is 14/-(post free), payable in one sum or by four quarterly payments of 3/6. Fill up two forms on the lines of the appended form and send them to us, together with your Cheque or a Postal Order for the whole sum, 28/-, or the first instalment of 7/-, and we will at once send you a set of the Cartoons, and supply weekly two copies of "THE FREEWOMAN" for a period of Twelve Months. If you would prefer not to deface your number by cutting it, copy out two similar forms on to a sheet of notepaper, and send them to us—they will do just as well. To "THE FREEWOMAN," Dept. A, 16, King Street, Covent Garden, London, W.C. Please supply me with "THE FREEWOMAN" for one year, commencing with your issue dated............................, and (free of all charge to me) a copy of Max Beerbohm's Cartoons, "The Second Childhood of John Bull." I enclose cheque (or postal order) for 14/-*, or 3/6 and hereby agree to forward the balance in three equal quarterly instalments of 3/6. Name.............................................................. Address............................................................ *Cross out figures not used...... ................................................ After the days of violence (late summer 1909) Mr. Gladstone did release hunger-striking women without forcible feeding. Then he changed his mind and began to feed the women by violence. (Note: Was the Government motive coercion of the women's spirit?) Then came Mr. Statesman Churchill, who after much labour produced the cure-all, Rule 243a, which Mr. McKenna did not like. (Note: Was the "moral turpitude" phrase to blame; and was Mr. McKenna qualified to judge of the meaning of the phrase "moral turpitude" when he can make eloquent confession that it is difficult to know the truth about motives?) To put it as gracefully as possible, Mr. Norman speaks inaccurately when he says "we were arguing whether Mr. McKenna had an alternative to any forcible feeding of the hunger-striking women." We were not. The issue raised was: Would Mr. Norman (should he) if Home Secretary, and in the light of the standard of the gentleman feed brave prisoners by force? But I follow Mr. Norman's new parry. Mr. McKenna has a choice of three alternatives: He might 1. Act as a gentle-man and resign from the Cabinet. In view of what I have already hinted elsewhere this would be a hard counsel for Mr. McKenna. Only a statesman who is also great would think of such an alternative; or 2. Give such equal political offender's treatment to the suffragist prisoners as his own Government gave to an Irish-Member-of-Parliament-political-offender in quite recent times. (This would be the sensible politician's solution); or 3. Get his Government to remove root-grievances by carrying into immediate practice the democratic theory that Government shall be by consent of the governed. (This would be the statesman's solution par excellence. Mrs. Mary Leigh and Miss Evans would do their five years on their head for this!) How hard it is to reach the mind of Mr. Norman when so obviously under the influence of a dominating sex-prejudice which causes him to write in the current issue of the New Age:— "The real truth is the militant movement has shown that an organised body of the female sex, "Intensely Conservative."—REVIEW OF REVIEWS. 1/- Monthly. Monthly 1/- TO MODERNISTS. The Oxford and Cambridge Review flings down the gauntlet (take it up who will!), and proclaims, in the face of all men and women, that it stands for the great principle of ORTHODOXY. That it may open the eyes of yet more persons to the fact that Orthodoxy is not Odious nor Outworn, that Cleverness is not Confined to Cranks, and that Christian Conservatism will indubitably Conquer. The Review will henceforth present itself to the public at the price of 1/- Net. September Number now ready. Annual Subscription, 12/6. STEPHEN SWIFT and CO., LTD., 16, King Street, Covent Garden, W.C. "Continues to be a handsome and substantial publication," —CHURCH FAMILY NEWSPAPER. relying upon the sex-attraction in men, can put Government, in the proper sense, into all sorts of difficulties. Men would have been shot or hanged by now—but these offenders are women, which makes all the difference." Shoot the women? Hang them? WHY NOT? Which would Mr. Norman prefer: to be taken out of his cell, paraded against a wall, and shot decently; or to be handled and mauled by his political enemy's unfortunate inferiors? And as for hanging, fortunately for the preservation of humour Mr. Norman's own actions do belie his hostile phrasing. His frequent public protests on the question of the maladministration of justice in British Courts sustains me in the hope that, if suffragists, feeling themselves hard-driven, participate in certain forms of extreme action, Mr. Norman will be found among those who will demand that even the blackest sinner among them shall have her human chance. One point more, please. Certain of last week's references to the release of Mrs. Baines were made under the misapprehension that she had actually been fed by force in Mountjoy prison. I find this was not so. She was released unconditionally with practically the whole of her seven months' sentence still to run. I ask for volunteers from among the readers of THE FREEWOMAN to assist in preparing a petition to the responsible authorities requesting the treatment due to political offenders for Mrs. Leigh and Miss Evans; or, failing that, demanding their immediate release. The forcible feeding of courageous prisoners must go. MARY GAWTHORPE. P.S.—I apologise for the profuse use of italics and plead urgency.—M. G. THE FORCIBLE FEEDING OF MRS. LEIGH MADAM,—To read the distressing letter of "Mary Gawthorpe" is to be obliged to ask her what method she desires applied to keep the prisoners alive? Why not petition the prisoners to keep their bodies and souls alive by honouring their powers for good, and disdaining to let any influence induce them to destroy what is so "wonderfully and beautifully made." The first division treatment could not avail to prevent the "hunger strike," and "release" cannot be got by determined suicide. Many would gladly sign a petition on these lines. P. T. T. THE CAUSE OF USURY MADAM,—Gold and credit are only the mechanism by means of which the ownership of the real means of production are secured in the hands of the few. It seems to me too obvious to need demonstration that if there were no currency at all, interest payable in "kind" could be charged either for the loan of land or of machinery. Land without a spade or a plough is practically no use, as it is apparently necessary to point out to people who will persist in not seeing the obvious. Mr. Kitson and his followers get out of all difficulties by telling those who do not agree with them that they are stupid; this method of arguing is for some reason usually regarded as a feeble one. When Mr. Meulen talks about what "history demonstrates" and "the data of sociology," I do not need to read any more of his letter, because history and sociology are ready to prove anything. ARTHUR D. LEWIS. August 30th, 1912. STATE BANKING AND CURRENCY v. COMPETITION. MADAM,—Mr. (Meulen himself supplies the clearest refutation of his thesis that "free competition in the issue of credit would produce freedom," when he states in the last paragraph of his letter, "we may trust to the ordinary qualities of sympathy and self-interest of employers to avoid attempts to undersell." I quite agree. We may trust to the self-interest of private bankers (when that Golden Age of Free Competition in the issue of credit arrives, to which Mr. Meulen so hopefully looks forward) to avoid attempts to undersell, by the process of combining or amalgamating, in order to secure profits at the expense of the community. The truth is, of course, that the interest of the private banker is, and always will be, in conflict with the interest of the borrower. It is useless for Mr. Meulen to try to reconcile the irreconcilable. On the other hand, by making the new currency a State monopoly, this conflict of interests would be eliminated, because the people would have no object in raising revenue by means of State banking, any more than they have to-day by means of the State post-office. They would only be taxing themselves. Mr. Meulen professes to believe in competition, yet he sees very clearly the folly of competition when carried to its logical conclusion. Under the régime of "Property" competition has forced employers, in their own interests, to combine. It is this "self-interest" that has produced the Standard Oil Trust, the Steel and Copper Trusts (which have their ramifications all over the world), and all the other tentacles of the capitalist octopus. And it would also produce a money trust under competition in the issue of paper money. Competition means war. It has had a good trial, and has singularly failed to produce anything but social discord. One looks in vain for those "peaceful relations" referred to by Mr. Meulen. With Europe "rattling into barbarism"; with the growth and accentuation of class divisions; with industrial war raging in our midst; with all the forces of hell and hatred let loose in society, and with an ever-increasing indifference to the spiritual laws of Truth and Justice, what possible connection can one find between competition and freedom? The "data of sociology," supplied in profusion by the priests of this new science, emerges under the cloak of the great modern superstition of the "survival of the fittest," and I, for one, respectfully decline Mr. Meulen's veiled invitation to bow down before his particular fetish, as much as I differ from him in his conception of freedom. "Each for himself, and God for us all," appears to be the goal of the Banking and Currency Reform League. I would remind Mr. Meulen that this idea occurred to the elephant when it danced among the chickens.—I am, madam, most faithfully yours, E. F. MYLIUS. August 30th, 1912. FORCIBLE FEEDING MEMORIAL. MADAM,—In your issue of last week Miss Gawthorpe, writing on the question of political treatment for Mrs. Leigh and Miss Evans, points out the necessity of memorialising the authorities on the subject. Such a memorial has been started by the Irish Women's Franchise League, and over 1,900 signatures have already been obtained. I enclose copy of the same for publication in THE FREEWOMAN, whose readers are interested in the subject. HANNA SHEEHY SKEFFINGTON. Dublin. THE MEMORIAL. A Memorial in support of the political treatment of the English militants was set on foot by the Irish Women's Franchise League immediately on the pronouncement of sentence. The Memorial, after setting out the facts of the conviction, goes on: We your Petitioners respectfully submit that the said sentences are excessive for the reasons following: 1. The said acts were done for no purpose of gain or selfish desire, but simply and solely in furtherance of a political cause—namely, the political enfranchisement of women. 2. The purity and honesty of the motives of the said Gladys Evans and Mary Leigh for committing the said acts have been questioned by no one, and were recognised by both judge and counsel for the Crown at the said trial. 3. The said acts were provoked by the public utterances of responsible Ministers of the Crown, which were literally acted upon by the said Gladys Evans and Mary Leigh. 4. There was no intention on the part of the said Gladys Evans and Mary Leigh to injure any individual, and no individual was, in fact, injured by the said acts, also the time chosen for carrying out these acts was chosen with a view to avoiding any such injury to individuals, and the acts were done openly and publicly without any attempt at concealment. 5. The sentences are far in excess of those which have been imposed in Great Britain for former political, labour, social or sectarian outrage, and far in excess of imposed punishments inflicted in the United Kingdom for serious crimes committed for purposes of gain. We would, therefore, beg that the sentences of the said Gladys Evans and Mary Leigh be greatly reduced, and that they be treated as political offenders, and accorded the same privileges which have been given to the Irish Suffragists at present undergoing sentences in H. M. Prison of Mountjov. Letters by Mr. Greevz Fysher, Mr. Arthur Kitson, Mr. C. D. Hunt, and Lucy Thoumasom are held over till next week. Miscellaneous. The charge for announcements in THESE COLUMNS is ONE PENNY per WORD (MINIMUM 12 WORDS) and must be PREPAID. If desired, replies can be addressed c/o THE FREEWOMAN Office. Advertisements must be received by SATURDAY, FIRST POST, for the next issue, published on Thursday. While no guarantee can be given, advertisements will appear in any particular issue if at all possible. Any held over will appear in the following issue. All communications' to be addressed to THE ADVERTISING MANAGER, THE FREEWOMAN, 16, King Street, Covent Garden, London, W.C. Telephone: Gerrard 6449. DOGS. Fox Terriers, smooth or wire-haired. Excellent for lonely house or as companions.—The Thatches, Pangbourne. HOUSES, BOARDING HOUSES. NORTH DEVON.—Seaside Cottage to be let, September; 4 rooms.— L. W., Box 1243, c/o THE FREEWOMAN, 16, King Street, Covent Garden, W.C. Charming Bijou Flat near Knightsbridge; every convenience. Rent £35. Letters only.—J. L. Q., c/o THE FREEWOMAN, 16, King Street, Covent Garden, W.C. Two (or Three) Good Furnished Rooms, use kitchen, etc.; suitable for studious gentlewomen; Chelsea. —Box 1543, THE FREEWOMAN, 16, King Street, Covent Garden, W.C. MISCELLANEOUS. Bechstein Upright Grand Piano, fine tone; great bargain.—15, Sloane Street, Clapham Park. Poultry Farm. Vacancy for pupil; small premium.— Write Yonkers, c/o THE FREEWOMAN, 16, King Street, Covent Garden, W.C. Ladies' Gowns and Costumes bought and sold. Most reliable and satisfactory.—Madame P., c/o THE FREEWOMAN, 16, King Street, Covent Garden, W.C. Portraits reproduced from old photographs. New process.—Box 1533, c/o THE FREEWOMAN, 16, King Street, Covent Garden, W.C. A BOOK FOR MARRIED WOMEN. By DR. ALLINSON. The information contained in this book ought to be known by every married woman, and it will not harm the unmarried to read. The book is conveniently divided into twelve chapters. The first chapter treats of the changes of puberty, or when a girl becomes a woman. The second chapter treats of marriage from a doctor's standpoint; points out the best ages for marriage, and who should have children and who not, and furnishes useful information that one can ordinarily get only from an intelligent doctor. The third chapter treats of the marriage of blood relations; and condemns such marriages as a rule. Chapter four treats of the signs of pregnancy. The fifth chapter tells how a woman should live during the pregnant state. The sixth chapter treats of mishaps and how to avoid them. The seventh chapter treats of material impressions, and shows that birth marks are not due to longings on the part of the mother, but rather to her poor health. The eighth chapter teaches how to have easy confinements. Certain people believe that women should bring forth in pain and trouble, but the hygienic physician says that confinements can be made comparatively easy if certain rules are obeyed; these rules are given. The ninth chapter treats of the proper management of confinements until the baby is born. The tenth chapter tells how to treat the mother until she is up and about again. The eleventh chapter treats of sterility; gives the main causes of it, how these may be overcome and children result. The last chapter treats of the "change," a most important article for all women over forty. The book is full of useful information, and no book is written which goes so thoroughly into matters relating to married women. Some may think too much is told; such can scarcely be the case, for knowledge is power and the means of attaining happiness. The book can be had in an envelope from Dr. T. R. Allinson, 381, Room, 4, Spanish Place, Manchester Square, London, w., in return for a Postal Order for 1s. 2d. BANNED Here are two books that really matter—books written with authority by men who know Life and who recognise the urgent need of their fellow-men to know it also. And yet these are banned by the libraries—one wholly, the other partially. Read what the leading critics throughout the country have to say of them. THE CONFESSION OF A FOOL 6s By AUGUST STRINDBERG (1) Wholly Banned Translated by Ellie Schleussner The Athenœum says that "when it is claimed by Strindberg's admirers that this work is not only profound, but also moral, no competent and fair-minded critic can well deny the claim...  As a work of art it imposes first of all by its audacity, and next by its sinister gloom. One is aware that the handling is the handling of a master." The Pall Mall Gazette says:—"'The Kreutzer Sonata' itself is not more unaffected in its implacable simplicity. There is, indeed, in the whole range of literature probably no parallel to these tormented confidences." William Purvis, in the Sunday Chronicle, says: "I can only say that after reading him I felt more moral, more virtuous than at any other well-remembered moment of my life.. is real life reproduced with splendid force in nine pages out of ten." The Observer says: —" Obviously sincere, amazingly outspoken, but rarely offensive." The Manchester Guardian says:—"These confessions are as much a preaching of purity as Tolstoy's 'Kreutzer Sonata' is....  Here, too, we have the greatest of Swedish classics as a descriptive writer; and how powerful, how original these descriptions are, never brought in for the sake of description, always fused with the mood of the moment, the light cast on Nature by a mind for ever changing its untameable fires." THE DAUGHTERS OF ISHMAEL 6s (2) Partially Banned By REGINALD WRIGHT KAUFFMANN The Liverpool Post declares that it is "'The Uncle Tom's Cabin' of the White Slave Traffic, and is likely, we believe and hope, to do all that Mrs. Beecher Stowe's famous work accomplished for the black." The Morning Post:—That it is "The kind of book that moves one to action, and may prove, like one or two famous novels before it to be the inspiration of a great crusade." The English Review:—That "It is a thoroughly moral book—a book, above all, that all serious women, notoriously ignorant about these matters, should read quietly and seriously." SELECTED NOVELS FOR HOLIDAY READING IN A GERMAN PENSION 6s By Katherine Mansfield Third Edition "Amazingly clever book."—Truth. LOVE IN MANITOBA 6s By A. Wharton Gill Third Edition "The author is a real student of Canadian life.''—Sheffield Telegraph. THE REVOKE OF JEAN RAYMOND 6s By May Ford "A fascinating story."—Scotsman. LADY ERMYNTRUDE AND THE PLUMBER 6s By Percy Fendall "Get it."—Daily Mail. SOME NEIGHBOURS 6s By Charles Granville Second Edition "Deserves the highest commendation." —CLEMENT R. SHORTER, in The Sphere. SHADOWS OUT OF THE CROWD 6s By Richard Curle "Evidently a man to be reckoned with and judged by the highest standard."—Daily News and Leader. THE RACE OF CIRCUMSTANCE 6s By H. R. Campbell "Passages of true power...  distinctly clever performance." —Manchester Guardian. THE CONSIDINE LUCK 6s By H. A. Hinkson "A grace and sureness of touch which are captivating." —Pall Mall Gazette. AN EXCELLENT MYSTERY 6s By Countess Russell "Undoubted vividness and freshness."—Morning Leader. A SUPERMAN IN BEING 6s By Litchfield Woods "A book of distinguished promise." SOCIAL AND POLITICAL SERIES FROM THEATRE TO MUSIC HALL 3s 6d net By W. R. TITTERTON "A most vivacious volume."—Pall Mall Gazette. "Curious writer's intellectual grip." —SIR EDWARD RUSSELL in the Liverpool Post. THE DOCTOR and HIS WORK 3s 6d net By CHARLES J. WHITBY, M.D. NOW READY THE CONSUMER IN REVOLT 1s By TERESA BILLINGTON-GREIG The author holds the conviction that no industrial reform of value will be accomplished until those now working at the industrial problem call in the consuming public. She calls for an alliance between the consumers and organised labour. THE CONSERVATIVE PARTY AND THE FUTURE 1s A trenchant criticism and a provocative programme. By PIERSE LOFTUS A PUNGENT SATIRE HOW TO MAKE MONEY By JOHN STAFFORD This is a more or less serious treatise on the modern "Whole Duty of Man." Herein will be found indicated by those desirous of making money, the most approved and successful methods, exclusive of the old-fashioned method of working for it. Complete catalogue gratis on application to STEPHEN SWIFT and CO., LTD., 16, King Street, Covent Garden, W.C. Printed by HAZELL, WATSON and VINEY, Ld., 4-8. Kirby Street, Hatton Garden. London E.C.; and Published weekly for the Proprietors at the Office, 16, King Street, Covent Garden, London. W.C.