Others , made Edward F. O'Brien OTHERS A MAGAZINE of the NEW VERSE FRANCES GREGG HELEN HOYT RICHARD ALDINGTON EZRA POUND ADOLF WOLFF ROBERT ALDEN SANBORN Vol. I. No. 5. NOVEMBER 1915 EDITED BY ALFRED KREYMBORG GRANTWOOD, N. J. 15 cents a copy $1.50 per year ####Thus J. B. Kerfoot, the critic of Life—in a recent issue: "Others" is the name of a new little monthly 'magazine of new verse,' published by Alfred Kreymborg at Grantwood, New Jersey ($1.50 per year). Three numbers have appeared at this writing—July, August and September. They are among the live things being done in America just now. Perhaps you are unfamiliar with this 'new poetry' that is called 'revolutionary.' Perhaps you've heard that it is queer and have let it go at that. Perhaps if you tried it you'd find that a side of you that has been sleeping would come awake again. It is worth the price of a Wednesday matinée to find out. By the way, the new poetry is revolutionary. It is the expression of a democracy of feeling rebelling against an aristocracy of form." ##Copyright, 1915 by Alfred Kreymborg Grantwood, N. J. ## Frances Gregg 75 QUEST Mist Grey Tremulous And a mighty current beat: Then sound ceased And light was all, Restless, tumultuous, Then Peace. And from the midst A flower White. And one by one The petals turned Till they hung Seven radiating flames. And again The petals fell away And the calyx was upborne. Silence Peace Mist The return. Love. Not that bright Flaming-winged But Very-love. ##76 Frances Gregg PERCHE I am the possessor and the possessed. I am of the unborn. My kind have not yet come upon the earth. Or—are they gone? Am I then left, a memory of the dead? Am I dream-wraith, a ghost of beauty fled? I who possess and am possessed, Am I born and dead? Strange madnesses beset me. Passing pageant-wise across my web of thought. The red circlet of Narcissus gems my blood,— And I brood on a golden reed. Who doth possess me—I possess. Yea, I am dead! In the pale light from the grave The Sisters weave: Crimson—and green and golden thread Upon Time's robe. LES OMBRES DE LA MER I grieve my dream: My dream that was like a golden lacquered bowl, My dream that was coloured like a Chinese print. A wave of the sea has been here: Muffled bells and red Sea-stained gold: ## Frances Gregg 77 Green flames under the foam, The blue shadows darting like fishes. Tread softly: Do not cleave the air with Thy presence, I guard my dead from the waters. HERMAPHRODITUS As if the soul of all this pulsing world had taken form in thee,— That thy face should be the flow of waters: Thy voice the surge of many restless waters: Thine eyes, envisioning night and all the depths on depths of stars therein, Should be the secret depths of waters: Thy body's length the grace and suppleness Of flowers upstanding from the earth. And I have watched the mystic worry of thy face, Upturned against the stars and wind, Grow strange and sad. Have felt the music that my hands awoke, Have felt thee start and quiver And marvelled how all parts of thee attuned. IRIS Ah, bow your head, white sword flower, Lest you pierce the thing you would save, Lest your white beauty slay me. Let your heart's blue stain Plead for my frailty. ##78 HELEN HOYT HOMAGE Before me you bowed as before an altar, And I reached down and drew you to my bosom; Proud of your reverence, and reverence returning, But craving most your pleasure, not your awe. My hands about your head curved themselves, as holding A treasure, fragile and of glad possession! Dear were the bones of your skull beneath my fingers, And I grew brave imagining your defence. Not as a man I felt you in my brooding, But merely a babe,—a babe of my own body: Precious your worth, but dearer your dependence: Sometimes I wished to feed you at my breast. Not to myself, I knew, belonged your homage: I but the vessel of your holy drinking, The channel to you of that olden wonder Of love and womanhood,—I, but a woman. Then never need your memory be shame-faced That I have seen your flesh and soul at worship: Do you think I did not kneel when you were kneeling? Even lowlier bowed my head, and bowed my heart. ## HELEN HOYT 79 WOOD FEAR Suddenly, Far off, The lights drew away; The path stood still. Out of the dark, Noiseless, ominous, The trunks of the trees towering came toward me; Lifted themselves Out of the dark into a great height And came toward me. Near, Crowding upon me, Closing in upon me like a wall of menace. The long boughs stretched out to reach me; They leaned toward me, through the blackness, Slanting, Slanting To fall upon me........ But now in a moment The darkness grew light; The boughs of the trees sank from the sky, And were as before; And I was walking as before Quietly Along the accustomed path In the shadows. ##80 HELEN HOYT PARK GOING TO SLEEP The shadows under the trees And in the vines by the boat-house Grow dark; And the lamps gleam softly. On the street, far off, The sound of the cars, rumbling, Moves drowsily. The rocks grow dim on the edges of the shore. The boats with tired prows against the landing Have fallen asleep heavily: The monuments sleep And the trees And the smooth slow-winding empty paths sleep. COIGNES My elbow-knuckles And the hollows under my knee-caps Are curious places. My heels are melancholy, Dozing and drudging all day. My toes have turned sullen From never being amused. ##HELEN HOYT 81 RAYS As I lie here And you are moving through the room,— From chair to window, From closet to door— My eye glances go following you, Following close; Touching and loving each separate movement of you; Each little turn and step. My glances reach out like beams, Eike radii from me to you. They are shafts of light in my head, That turn and point And shift and follow, Swinging through wide arcs And small arcs, Ever directing the rays of their beam So that they fall on you. And I see you clearly, Intensely, As if all else were darkness. ##82 RICHARD ALDINGTON IN THE TUBE The electric car jerks; I stumble on the slats of the floor, Fall into a leather seat And look up. A row of advertisements, A row of windows, Set in brown woodwork pitted with brass nails, A row of hard faces, Immobile, In the swaying train, Rush across the flickering background of fluted dingy tunnel; A row of eyes, Eyes of greed, of pitiful blankness, of plethoric complacency, Immobile, Gaze, stare at one point, At my eyes. Antagonism, Disgust, Immediate antipathy, Cut my brain, as a sharp dry reed Cuts a finger. ##RICHARD ALDINGTON 83 I surprise the same thought In the brasslike eyes: "What right have you to live?" CINEMA EXIT After the click and whirr Of the glimmering pictures, The dry feeling in the eves As the sight follows the electric flickerings, The banal sentimentality of the films, The hushed concentration of the people, The tinkling piano— Suddenly A vast avalanche of greenish yellow light Pours over the threshold; White globes darting vertical rays Spot the sombre buildings; The violent gloom of the night Battles with the radiance; Swift figures, legs, skirts, white cheeks, hats Flicker in oblique rays of dark and light. Millions of human vermin Swarm sweating Along the night-arched cavernous roads. (Happily rapid chemical processes Will disintegrate them all.) ##84 EZRA POUND THE TEA SHOP The girl in the tea shop is not so beautiful as she was, The August has worn against her. She does not get up the stairs so eagerly, Yes, she also will turn middle-aged, And the glow of youth that she spread about us as she brought us our muffins She will spread about us no longer. She also will turn middle-aged. PHYLIDULA Phylidula is scrawny but amorous, Thus have the gods awarded her That in pleasure she receives more than she can give, If she does not count this blessed Let her change her religion. THE PATTERNS Erinna is a model parent, Her children have never discovered her adulteries. Lalage is also a model parent, Her offspring are fat and happy. ##EZRA POUND 85 SHOP GIRL For a moment she rested against me Like a swallow half blown to the wall. And they talk of Swinburne's women, And the shepherdess meeting with Guido, And the harlots of Baudelaire. ANOTHER MANS WIFE She was as pale as one Who has just produced an abortion. Her face was beautiful as a delicate stone With the sculptor's dust still on it. And yet I was glad that it was you and not I Who had removed her from her first husband. CODA O my songs, Why do you look so eagerly and so curiously into people's faces, Will you find your lost dead among them? ##86 ADOLF WOLFF PRISON WEEDS The isles of evil odors a chain of islands on the river like ulcers on the flesh the isles of evil odors. I break stones in the stone shed big ones into little ones big ones into little ones big ones into little ones big ones into little ones I break stones in the stone shed. A row of men a row of naked men## ADOLF WOLFF 87 standing against the wall waiting, a desk, a scribe, a centurion, they are recording marks of identification: "deep long scar on right side" "one on palm of right hand" "one on back of right hand" "one on palm of left hand" "one on back of left hand" "one on instep of right foot" "one on sole of right foot" "one on instep of left foot" "one on sole of left foot" "next" Bones a barrel of bones the bones of last week's stew the rotten prison stew no— it's not a dog it's not a cat it's a man a man made in the image of God. ##88 ADOLF WOLFF I bought twenty-five onions from a nigger twenty-five onions for ten cents every night before the lights go out we each eat an onion weeping we each eat an onion. Old men a line of old men like so many patriarchs or fathers of the church they are the bucket gang they carry the buckets to the river in solemn procession like so many patriarchs or fathers of the church they carry the buckets to the river with heads bowed with trembling hands they carry the buckets to the river. He never speaks he never reads he never laughs always silent always brooding ##ADOLF WOLFF 89 always sad deep sunken eyes black beard noble brow he resembles a German Christ no one knows why "he's up" no one knows when he came no one knows when he'll go they say "nobody home". "The Priest" "Who wants the priest?" the keeper calls "I want the priest'' "Well my son?" "Father!" "What my son?" "Father!" "the Christ is in the cooler" The priest passed on he did not understand. Early in the morning I look out on the river the little barred window faces the river I like to watch ##90 ADOLF WOLFF the life on the river tugs scows sail boats and steamships I watch them gliding along on the river some up some down some fast some slow some noisy some silent I watch them gliding along the river I like to look at the life on the river Late at night I look out on the river the little barred window faces the river. The warden he's a nice old man in uniform so spic and span his face is red his hair is white ##ADOLF WOLFF 91 his eyes are blue his smile is bright his home is swell his table fine and I'm quite sure so is his wine investigators go away with nothing but the best to say they're satisfied beyond expression the warden made such good impression. Now that I'm soon to be free another day another night now that I'm soon to be free I feel a strange unease Maybe the soul just before the expiration of its sentence ##92 ADOLF WOLFF on the verge of regaining the freedom of eternal life feels at the thought of separation from the body as I feel at the thought of separation from my cell. Ed. Note.— Prison Weeds were culled by Adolf Wolff during a recent enforced sojourn of thirty days on Blackwell's Island. ##ROBERT ALDEN SANBORN 93 SOUL OF THE LOTUS (To Hasegawa) I A white lamp, hanging— In its mouth a pink pearl of flame— Swinging by three strands of light. . . A pool beneath, Quaint and secret as mud. . . II Animate, Winged for escape To the cupped hand of night Scooping pink and green stars Out of unknown abysses, The lotus— But there's the stem, hinting, Tale-telling of some old connection, Some scandal forgotten, In the past of the taciturn mud; ##94 ROBERT ALDEN SANBORN Over whose face— Or is it a face Under the mask of cool water? The lotus looks and fades upward, Tirelessly murmuring, Politely concealing impatience, Like a lady reminding a dolt: "Please, you have caught in the door A slip of my skirt; Let me loose, I must go." LENTO Two children walking. So slow their walk, So like a sleepy wind their talk— Arm sagging at the other's waist, Close as leaves fallen on wet grass—## ROBERT ALDEN SANBORN 95 Their slippers follow oily waves of heat, Lazy as gorged fishes, Lazy as minutes Swimming in the silence of an empty house In midsummer— The drifting yellow ashes of the sun cover their hair— So slow they are, The drowsy seconds settle on their shoulders and fold wings— And one small footstep sings To the next one A lullaby— The hours wait them at the gate, Sighing, As the little feet tick by. THE WATER-FRONT On the checker-board. Sky squares and water squares— ##96 ROBERT ALDEN SANBORN Tipsy tugs, pert stacks, queening at the dock. . . On the checker-board, Black sea, White sky, kissing corners. . . Slow steam squirms, eludes the air. . . Oh the salty little clams. Sniffing! THE SNAKE PASSES Three little children afoot in the grass; Getting rich in daisies, Clutching red burdens of clover, Playing at rivalry With skeltering flocks of mad blossoms, Mirth-shaken, flung; bv the whisk of the wings Of the tipseying wind Into the hands of the children. ##ROBERT ALDEN SANBORN 97 Three pennies falling And lost in the grass. . . Three flushed children, Panting covetous, Pulling the grass apart; Withering flowers trampled by the feet of little beasts. A sullen boy with two pennies Clenched in his grimy fist; And a little girl crying, And one stunned with disappointment. So I did not throw the pennies, But passed, And after me fell as rain ceasing The dropping spray of cool voices, And silvery flecks of tone Of the grass, Parted by children in play. TIDAL GOSSIP With a kick of white lace The ruffled waves Flirt to the winking sun; ##98 ROBERT ALDEN SANBORN Minding not the stodgy sleeper, Whose eye is turned inward Upon intestinal ructions. (Despite the fact, He is their consort.) But then, One must do something To turn the flying edge of the sickle, While waiting the cold sweet lover, Whose head on a silver platter Makes terrible the night. MAUVE The rhythm of the sea Is blent in undulations of gray satin. The ashes of burned violets drift over a sky. And blurred, a magical seed of light Breaks in the whorls of a strange flower! Did you ever see a flower With core of tarnished silver and five black petals? #### ## ####