Poetry, a Magazine of Verse NOTICE TO READER. When you finish reading this magazine place a 1-cent stamp on this notice, hand same to any poatal employee and it will be placed in the hands of our soldiers or sailors at the front, No wrapping—No address. A. S. BURLESON , Postmaster General. The CRISIS Vol. 15—No. 5 MARCH, 19l8 Whole No. 89 ONE DOLLAR A YEAR TEN CENTS A COPY President Executive Officers /MOORFIELD STOREY MAJOR J. E. SPINGARN, Chairman of Board Vice-Presidents OSWALD GARRISON VILLARD, Treasurer ARCHIBALD H. GRIMKE DR. W. E. B. DU BOIS, Director of PubliREV. JOHN HAYNES HOLMES cations and Research BISHOP JOHN HURST JOHN' E. MILHOLLAND JAMES WELDON JOHNSON, Field Secre "MARY WHITE OVINGTON tary' OSWALD GARRISON VILLARD WALTER F. WHITE, Assistant Secretary JOHN R. SHILLADY, Secretary NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE DIRECTORS Chicago Washington New York JANE ADDAMS DR. C. E. BENTLEY Boston JOSEPH PRINCE LOUD BUTLER R. WILSON Baltimore BISHOP JOHN HURST DR. F. N. CARDOZO Springfield, Mass. REV. G. R. WALLER PROF. GEO. WILLIAM COOK Brooklyn DR. V. MORTON JONES DR. O. M. WALLER New Haven GEORGE W. CRAWFORD Philadelphia DR. WILLIAM A. SINCLAIR REV. HUTCHINS C. BISHOP MRS. FLORENCE KELLE Y PAUL KENNADAY CHARLES EDWARD RUSSELL ARTHUR B. SPINGARN CHARLES H. STUDIN DR. TOHX G. UNDERHILL LILLIAN D. WALD WILLIAM ENGLISH WALLING The Moorfield Storey Membership Drive for 50,000 Members Many friends of the Association and several of its local branches have asked how best they might show their appreciation of President Storey's notable service to the cause, in winning the Louisville Segregation Case before the United States Supreme Court. Mr. Storey's answer is—"DON'T HOL D LAUDATORY MEETINGS. I SHALL FEEL BEST REPAID IF EVERY BRANCH WILL JOIN ENTHUSIASTICALLY IN THE EFFORT TO SECURE 50,000 MEMBERS FOR THE N. A. A. C. P. WE NEED A LARGE MEMBERSHIP TO INSURE THE PERMANENT SUCCESS OF OUR GREAT MOVEMENT AGAINST RACE PREJUDICE." Every Crisis reader should join the Association. DO IT NOW PIN ONE DOLLAR TO THIS SLIP AND MAIL Date , 1918. MOORFIELD STOREY MEMBERSHIP DRIVE BLANK Oswald Garrison Villard, Treasurer, 70 Fifth Avenue, New York. Sir: I want to become a member of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People and help boom your Moorfield Storey Drive for 50,000 members. Name Street $ City and State The Crisis is sent without further charge to members paying two dollars or more. T H E CRISIS A RECORD OF THE DARKER RACES PUBLISHED MONTHLY BY TH E NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR TH E ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE, AT 70 FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK CITY. CONDUCTED BY W. E BURCHARDT DU BOIS; AUGUSTUS GRANVILLE DILL, BUSINESS MANAGER Content! Copyrighted. 1918, by the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People Contents for March, 1918 PICTURES Page COVER. Photograph by C. M. Battey — CAM P MEADE . Photographs by T. J. Calloway 227 MEN OF THE MONTH 229-232 TURNER'S " SLAVE SHIP " 239 " THE FUNNY PAGE." Cartoon by Lorenzo Harris 241 ARTICLES THE MOORFIELD STOREY DRIVE FOR FIFTY THOUSAND MEMBERS 219 THE THEORY OF CO-OPERATION. By James Peter Warbasse 221 THE MARTYR. A Story. By O. C. W. Taylor 224 IN THE CANTONMENTS 226 DEPARTMENTS EDITORIA L 215 ME N O F TH E MONT H 229 TH E LOOKIN G GLAS S 233 TH E OUTE R POCKE T 240 TH E HORIZO N 242 TH E APRIL CRISIS Our EASTER Number will have a beautiful COVER in color by the late RICHARD LONSDALE BROWN; a strong one-act war PLAY by ALICE DUNBAR-NELSON; and an Easter HYMN; pictures, of course, and news. TEN CENTS A COPY; ONE DOLLAR A YEAR FOREIGN SUBSCRIPTIONS TWENTY-FIVE CENTS EXTRA RENEWALS: The date of expiration of each subscription is printed on the wrapper. When the subscription is due, a blue renewal blank is enclosed. CHANGE OF ADDRESS: The address of a subscriber can be changed as often as desired. In ordering a change of address, both the old and the new address must be given. Two weeks' notice is required. MANUSCRIPTS and drawings relating to colored people are desired. They must be accompanied by return postage. If found unavailable they will be returned. Entered as second class matter November 2, 1910, at the post office at New York. New York under the Act of March I, 1879. 212 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER THE NATIONAL TRAINING SCHOOL DURHAM, N. C. Open to Students of Either Sex. It is more than a mere school. It is a community at service and uplift. Its influence is destined to be felt in all sections of the country in improved Negro community life wherever our trained workers locate. The following departments are already in successful opera tion: Teacher Training, Industrial, Literary, Academic and Collegiate, Commercial, Missionary, Theological, Household Economics and Departments of Music. In equipment and teaching it is not surpassed by any School for the Education of Negro Youth in the South. The next term opened Monday, October I, 1917. For catalog and detailed information, address President, JAMES E. SHEPARD, DURHAM NORTH CAROLINA The Agricultural and THE CHEYNEY TRAINING Technical College SCHOOL FOR TEACHERS Twenty-fourth Annual Session. CHEYNEY, PENNA. Fall term began Sept. I, '17. For reasonably mature students who have Three Strong Departments: Ag a good secondary school preparation, and who ricultural, Mechanical and Acadesire to become teachers, courses are ofdemic. fered during the regular term in academic work, domestic science, domestic art, physShort Practical Courses of ical training, elementary school methods, Three Months; Maintained by wood and metal working, and agriculture. Board and laundry privileges for the year the Governments of North Car $100. Fall term began Wednesday, Septem olina and of the United States. ber 19, 1917. Special training for teachers of The Summer School for Teachers, from July 6 to August 2 Inclusive, will this year vocational subjects. offer primary methods, English, mathematics, history, civics and geography, plain sewing Board, Lodging and Tuition, and dressmaking, raffla work and basketry, $9.00 per Calendar Month. art needle work, cookery, wood and metal For Catalog and Further working, physical training, and gardening. Dormitory space is limited, and applications Information, address should be made early. Cost for the four weeks $16.00. President Dudley, For further Information write to A. &amp; T . College, LESLIE PINCKNET HILL, Greensboro, N. C. Principal. Mention T he C risis Atlanta University Is beautifully located in the City of Atlanta, Ga. The courses of study include High School, Normal School and College, with manual training and domestic science. Among the teachers are graduates of Yale, Harvard, Dartmouth and Wellesley, Forty-eight years of successful work have been completed. Students come from all parts of the South. Graduates are almost universally successful. For further information address President EDWARD T. WARE ATLANTA, GA. Knoxville College Beautiful Situation. Healthful Location. The Best Moral and Spiritual Environment. A Splendid Intellectual Atmosphere. Noted for Honest and Thorough Work. Offers full courses in the following departments: College, Normal, High School, Grammar School and Industrial. Good water, steam heat, electric lights, good drainage. Expenses very reasonable. Fall Term Began September 19, 1917. For information address President R. W. Mc GRANAHAN KNOXVILLE, TENN. THE FLORIDA A. &amp; M COLLEGE Tallahassee, Florida Offers long and short courses in Mechanic Arts, in Home Economics, in Agriculture, in Education and in Science. For Catalog Address NATHAN B. YOUNG, President P. O. DRAWER 524 1870 CLARK UNIVERSITY 1917 SOUTH ATLANTA GEORGIA Most beautiful campus of 70 acres, commodious buildings with modern conveniences. High Scholarship — Talented Faculty — Well equipped library and laboratories—Literary societies—Athletics—-Co-educational—Expenses very low. $100 per year of eight months will pay tuition, board, room, etc. Comfortable dormitories with steam heat and gas light COURSES OF STUDY Domestic Science for girls, cooking, sewing, dressmaking and embroidery. Pre-Academy—7th and 8th grades. Academy—Four years with diploma. Pre-Medical—Two years above academy. College—Four years leading to A. B. degree. Normal—Five years above grades with diploma. First Semester opened October 3, 1917. HARR Y ANDREWS KING, President. ST. MARY'S SCHOOL- An Episcopal boarding school for girls, under the direction of the Sisters of St. Mary. Address: THE SISTER-IN-CHARGE 609 N. 43d St W. Philadelphia, Pa. MOREHOUSE COLLEGE (Formerly Atlanta Baptist College) ATLANTA GA College, Academy, Divinity School An institution famous within recent years for its emphasis on all sides of manly develop ment—the only institution in the far South devoted solely to the education of Negro young men. Graduates given high ranking by greatest northern universities. Debating, Y. M. C A., athletics, all live features. For information address JOHN HOPE, President WILEY UNIVERSITY MARSHALL, TEXAS Recognized as a college of the First Class by Texas and Louisiana State Boards of Education. Harvard, Yale and Columbia represented on its faculty; students gath ered from ten different states. Strongest Music Department in the West M. W. DOGAN, President FISK UNIVERSITY NASHVILLE. TENN . Founded 1866 Thorough Literary, Scientific, Educational, Musical and Social Science Courses. Pioneer in Negro music. Special study in Negro life. Ideal and sanitary buildings and grounds. Well-equipped Science building. Christian home life. High standard of independent manhood and womanhood. For literature, etc, write FAYETTE AVERY McKENZIE, President Morris Brown University Atlanta, Ga. Co-Educational The largest institution of learning in the South owned and controlled by Negroes. Faculty of special ists, trained in some of the best universities in the North and in the South. Noted for high standard of scholarship; industrial emphasis and positive Chris tian influence. Well equipped dormitories; sane athletics under faculty supervision. Expenses rea. sonable. Location central and healthful. Departments: Theology, College, Preparatory, Nor mal, Commercial, Musical, Domestic Science, Nurse Training, Sewing, Printing and Tailoring. First Semester began September 27, 1917 For further information address W. A. FOUNTAIN, President BISHOP J. S. FLIPPER, Chairman Trustee Board Mention T he CRISIS 214 	THE CRISIS ADVERTISER The Slater Industrial and Educational Institutions State Normal School Continued For Colored Youth of Both Sexes WINSTON-SALEM, N. C. I.	 Offering Standard Courses In Academic Subjects, In Industrial and Vocational Subjects, In Education. LIVINGSTONE COLLEGE II.	 Graduates receive the Teacher's Certificate. SALISBURY, N. C. m . Located amid the foothills of the moun tain section of Western North CaroA Religions Co-Educational School with a lina and the health conditions are ideal. IV. Accommodations excellent and expenses Tradition moderate. For further information communicate with Open lo All Negroes: Only Merit Counts S. G. ATKINS, Principal SLATES STATE NORMAL SCHOOL, Students come from Twenty-nine Winston-Salem, N . C. States in the Union, from Canada, Africa, the West India Islands and Central America. And Graduates Make Good. 	COLEMAN COLLEGE Salisbury, North Carolina, an Ideal GIBSLAND, LA. Place for Study with a Mild, Equable Supported by Baptist State Woman's Home Climate, Pure Water, Breezes from Mission Society of Chicago and Boston and Pine and other Forests a Constant A. B? H. Society of New York. Students Tonic—the Greatest Degree of Health-from six different states. Graduates ex empted on first grade by Louisiana, Arkansas fulness. and Oklahoma. New Girls' Dormitory with all Modern ConveniO . L . COLEMAN , President ences Accommodating 210 just Completed and Ready Courses of Study: Grammar School, Academy, Hale Infirmary and Nurse Normal, College, Divinity, Music and Industries for Boys and Girls. Training School Expenses Moderate. 328	 Lake Street, Montgomery, Alabama. Thirty-sixth Session Opened Wednesday, Oc tober 3, 1917, Hale Infirmary School of Nursing offers to intelligent young women between the age of eighteen For	 Further Information Address and	 thirty-five a three years' course in the profes D.	 C. SUGGS, President or sion of nursing. Students of this school are eligible to Alabama examinations for the degree of R. N . J. E. Aggrey, Registrar. For	 further information apply to the superintendent. THE STENOGRAPHERS' INSTITUTE 1227 S. 17th Street, PHILADELPHIA, PA. Being able to take a message rapidly in shorthand and transcribing it quickly on a typewriter will fit you to be of more service to Uncle Sam than the trench-men. Men and women can help win the War by just knowing how to operate a typewriter. 10,000 STENOGRAPHERS AND TYPEWRITER OPERATORS ARE WANTED AT WASHINGTON, D. C-, AT A SALARY CF FROM $1,000 TO $1,200 PER YEAR Our students are trained to earn high salaries and they get them. Since last September the following have been appointed in the Government Service: Mr. Richard Hill, Jr., Stenographer-Typist Clerk. Salary $1,200 per year; Miss Helen L. Milton, Stenographer-Typist Clerk. Salary approximately $1,200: and Mr. H. H. Hocutt. Typist-Clerk, Salary $1,000—Mr. Hocutt declined the Clerk's position for a $225 per month job at Hog Island. The following are earning large salaries: Miss Gladys H. Hyraan, Bank Clerk. Brown &amp; Steven's Bank; Mrs. S. Z. Jones Fauntleroy, Clerk, J. M. Kaupp &amp; Sons. 4th and Vine. Phila. The President of this Institution is advising all women from 18 to 45 years of age to take the postal clerk's examination at the Philadelphia Post Office, 9th and Chestnut Streets. Phila., on March 9th. 8 of our female students are on the eligible list and 40 will take the clerk-examination on that date. Anyone with a good grammar school education can pass the examination without further training. Rev. Duncan will aid anyone from 12 to 1 p. m. Saturdays with any information as to fillingout blanks and filing same, gratuitously. Free instructions in Arithmetic for those desiring to take the examination will be given at this Institute from 12 to 1 p. m., Tuesday and Thursday of each week. Students are trained by an experienced Postal Clerk. All students will be trained, free of charge, on the City Distribution Cases, so that they will be able to do the work of an experienced clerk as soon as they are appointed. New classes will organize in shorthand typewriting, bookkeeping and English branches, March 4, 1918. We have given 1300 colored people, from the South and other places, work, as domestics, free of charge. If you desire work in Philadelphia in a clerical or domestic capacity, write us, enclosing references and stamp for reply and our service will be rendered you gratuitously, EDWARD T. DUNCAN, President. Mention T he Crisis T H E CRISIS Vol. 15-No. 5 MARCH, 1918 Whole No. 89 Editorial No man who looks down on his fellow-man is fit to govern him. Moorfield Storey. DELAY. PERSONS who do not receive their copies of The Crisis on time must remember that the present congestion in the mail service is responsible for many delays which we regret more than they. ADVICE. WE note with much interest that The Outlook is tendering advice to the new head of Hampton. It would seem that Dr. Gregg must have: 1. Executive ability. 2. Sympathetic understanding of Hampton's philosophy of education. 3. Fundamental appreciation of the social problems of the South. 4. Ability to unite SOUTH and NORT H in the work of finding a solution to these problems. Far be it from us to question Lyman .Abbot's or the Kaiser's knowledge of the plans of God. But in mundane matters like this we venture meekly to suggest that unless the new principal of Hampton adds two more items to the list above his success will be less than we sincerely wish it to be: 5. A knowledge of the present thought and aspirations of the American Negro. 6. Ability to unite not only North and South, but white and black as well, in a solution of present problems which will satisfy both races. It is precisely because The Outlook and its ilk have persistently refused to consider these two principles that makes The Outlook more responsible for the present defiant attitude of the white South than any other great organ of public opinion. We note with deep satisfaction that Dr. Gregg's coming to Hampton has already been signalized by the election of the first colored man, Dr. R. R. Moton, to the Board of Trustees. We confidently hope that Dr. Gregg will next seriously consider how far any philosophy of education is justified in denying to Negroes the same training that has fitted him to be principal of Hampton Institute. CRIME. STRON G and ever stronger elements among the white Methodists are determined to consummate one of the great est crimes against the Negro race since slavery. In order to unite the M. E. Church and the M. E. Church South, they are trying to get rid of 350,000 Negro members. Before the war the Methodists, by their meanness, drove a half million of their Negro members out into the wilderness, where they set up their own temples. Then repentent and remorseful, the church rose to its opportunity, damned slavery, spewed out the slave owners, and welcomed the slaves, even as their Master would have done. To-day, the dry rot of power and numbers and prestige has seized them. 215 In the name of Christian "unity," Bishops and powerful laymen and strong periodicals are determined to kick 350,000 Negroes out of the church. Every other obstacle to union with the South is settled. Yet the secret conferences proceed. The oiliest of the church hypocrites, led by Zion's Herald, are urging the black "brethren" to "withdraw" before they are thrown out, and offering them thirty pieces of silver in the guise of church property and bishops' robes for their leaders. That body of death, the Methodist Church South, is stretching its lean and blood-stained hands for its pound of black flesh. God! for one modern Sermon to the Pharisees for these "Christians"! "But woe unto you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! for ye shut up the kingdom of heaven against men: for ye neither go in yourselves, neither suffer ye them that are entering to go in. "Woe unto you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! for ye compass sea and land to make one proselyte; and when he is made, ye make him two-fold more the child of hell than yourselves. "Woe unto you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! for ye pay tithe of mint and anise and cummin, and have omitted the weightier matters of the law, judgment, mercy, and faith: these ought ye to have done, and not to leave the other undone. "Ye blind guides, which strain at a gnat, and swallow a camel. "Woe unto you, scribes and Pliarisees, hypocrites! because yc build tlie tombs of the prophets, and garnish the sepulchres of the righteous. "And say, 'If we had been in the days of our fathers, we would not have been partakers with them in the blood of the prophets' "Wherefore ye be witnesses unto yourselves, that ye are the children of them which killed the prophets. "Fill ye up then the measure of your fathers. "Ye serpents, ye generation of vipers, how can ye escape the damnation of hell?" CRISIS OUR PRESIDENT O L A N D ? The President loves it. His interest "in everything which concerns it is very deep." Ireland? It is the apple of the President's eye and he is said to have made "repre sentations" to England concerning "Home Rule." Armenia? How the President's heart bleeds for Armenia! Palestine? The President thanks God for "Jerusalem Delivered." Russia? The Bolsheviki and he are hand in glove fighting for "the un dictated development of all peoples." Kamchatka, Fiji, Tasmania, Spitz bergen — all these the President wishes without a shadow of doubt to make "safe for democracy." But twelve million American Negroes? Silence! Distance from Washington certainly lends enchantment to Democracy! THE BLACK MAN AND THE UNIONS. A M among the few colored men who have tried con scientiously to bring' about understanding and co-operation between American Negroes and the Labor Unions. I have sought to look upon the Sons of Freedom as simply a part of the great mass of the earth's Disinherited, and to realize that world movements which have lifted the lowly in the past and are opening the gates of opportunity to them today are of equal value for all men, white and black, then and now. I carry on the title page, for instance, of this magazine the Union label, and yet I know, and everyone of my Negro readers knows, that the very fact that this label is there is an advertisement that no Negro's hand is engaged in the printing of this magazine, since the International Typographical Union systematically and deliberately excludes every Negro that it dares from membership, no matter what his qualifications. EDITORIAL 217 Even here, however, and beyond the hurt of mine own, I have always striven to recognize the real cogency of the Union argument. Collective bargaining has, undoubtedly, raised modern labor from something like chattel slavery to the threshold of industrial freedom, and in this advance of labor white and black have shared. I have tried, therefore, to see a vision of vast union between the laboring forces, particularly in the South, and hoped for no distant day when the black laborer and the white laborer, instead of being used against each other as helpless pawns, should unite to bring real democracy in the South. On the other hand, the whole scheme of settling the Negro problem, inaugurated by philanthropists and carried out during the last twenty years, has been based upon the idea of playing off black workers against white. That it is essentially a mischievous and dangerous program no sane thinker can deny, but it is peculiarly disheartening to realize that it is the Labor Unions themselves that have given this movement its greatest impulse and that today, at last, in East St. Louis have brought the most unwilling of us to acknowledge that in the present Union movement, as represented by the American Federation of Labor, there is absolutely no hope of justice for an American of Negro descent. Personally, I have come to this decision reluctantly and in the past have written and spoken little of the closed door of opportunity, shut impudently in the faces of black men by organized white workingmen. I realize that by heredity and century-long lack of opportunity one cannot expect in the laborer that larger sense of justice and duty which we ought to demand of the privileged classes. I have, therefore, inveighed against color discrimination by employers and by the rich and well-to-do, knowing at the same time in silence that it is practically impossible for any colored man or woman to become a boiler maker or book binder, an electrical worker or glass maker, a worker in jewelry or leather, a machinist or metal polisher, a paper maker or piano builder, a plumber or a potter, a printer or a pressman, a telegrapher or a railway trackman, an electrotyper or stove mounter, a textile worker or tile layer, a trunk maker, upholsterer, carpenter, locomotive engineer, switchman, stone cutter, baker, blacksmith, boot and shoemaker, tailor, or any of a dozen other important well-paid employments, without encountering the open determination and unscrupulous opposition of the whole united labor movement of America. That further than this, if he should want to become a painter, mason, carpenter, plasterer, brickmaker or fireman he would be subject to humiliating discriminations by his fellow Union workers and be deprived of work at every possible opportunity, even in defiance of their own Union laws. If, braving this outrageous attitude of the Unions, he succeeds in some small establishment or at some exceptional time at gaining employment, he must be labeled as a "scab" throughout the length and breadth of the land and written down as one who, for his selfish advantage, seeks to overthrow the labor uplift of a century. THE recent convention of the American Federation of Labor, at Buffalo, is no proof of change of heart. Grudg ingly, unwillingly, almost insultingly, this Federation yields to us inch by inch the status of half-a-man, denying and withholding every privilege it dares at all times. THE CRISIS EDUCATION. THE campaign to curtail Negro education proceeds apace. Negroes form a third of the population of the District of Columbia and forty-one per cent of the drafted men actually sent to camp from the District are colored. Yet the Board of Education assigned less than twenty-four per cent of the ap propriations asked for buildings and grounds to Negroes, and the Board of Commissioners has cut this down and is asking Congress to appropri ate, to Negroes only ten per cent of the total to be assigned. Shame on this Government.CONGRESSMA NPROTEST .  WRIT E TO-DA Y YOU R  AN D COLONEL YOUNG. John J. Pershing, Brigadier General, U. S. Army. Headquarters Punitive Expedition, U. S.	 Army; Colonia Dublan, Mexico, August 21, 1916 FROM : The Commanding General, To: The Adjutant General of the Army (through Military Channels). Subject: Recommendation of officers to command militia in federal service. 1. In view of the proposed detail of colonels from the line of the regular army to command brigades of militia in federal service, I would invite the attention of the Wa r Department to the following named officers of this expedition whose general qualifications, and whose efficiency and devotion to duty, as shown while serving here in Mexico, entitle them to full consideration in connection with such detail. The officers mentioned are active, energetic, and able. Should circumstances make it practicable to spare them from this expedition, they would do credit to themselves and the service, and would leave a favorable impression on the militia as to the ability and military efficiency of the regular army. 2. Of lieutenants, colonels, and majors who have rendered highly important and efficient service, the following are recommended, should selection for duty with militia in federal service be made from these grades. Those who have shown very high efficiency throughout the campaign: Major Charles Young, 10th Cavalry. Presumably, in consequence of the above letter, Colonel Young has been ordered to Ohio TO SIT STILL AN D DO NOTHING! THE RAND SCHOOL. WE want to recommend to our readers the Rand School of Social Science in New York City. It teaches History, Economics, and Socialism in modernwise. It is hampered by no traditions, but is radical in its honest search for truth. Above all, it extends "a genuine welcome to colored men and women." CIVIL SERVICE. HER E is gross discrimination in the Civil Service at Washington against colored people. This Association has secured justice in several cases, but the discrimination goes on. We are glad, however, to publish the following official statement from the President of The Civil Service Commission: "In reply to your letter of October 17, the Commission informs you that its examinations are open to all American citizens who are qualified under the terms of the announcements, without regard to race. This Commission has never knowingly been guilty of discrimination against colored citizens." National Association for the Ad vancement of Colored People JOHN R. SHILLABY, the new Secretary of the N. A. A. C. P., was born in Ireland in 1875. He has had long- experience in social work and comes to us from the Department of Charities and Corrections, Westchester County, New York. THE MOORFIELD STOREY DRIVE FOR FIFTY THOUSAND-MEMBERS. At the midwinter conference • • tj in Ne w York, every delegate iBffl l was eager to show his gratitude and that of his branch to Mr. Moorfield Storey, the Association's honored President. Mr. Storey's notable service to the great cause for which the National Association stands was full warrant for this grateful feeling. The Segregation Decision is indeed a landmark in the battle against race discrimination. Many have asked how best can the members of the Association express their appreciation of Mr. Storey's 219 WALTEE F. WHITE, our new Assistant Secretary, is a young colored man, twenty-four years of age. He has been cashier of the Standard Life Insurance Company and the very efficient secretary of our Atlanta branch. achievement and adequately celebrate this great victory. Some members and several branches wished to tender to Mr. Storey a public dinner or a testimonial meeting; but obviously this cannot be done in ninety places at which Mr. Storey could be present in person. Mr. Storey has let it be known that the kind of tribute he would most appreciate would be a determined drive -for a membership large enough to make the Association a greater power throughout the nation. The National Association, therefore, transmits to every branch Mr. Storey's appeal for 50,000 members by May 1, 1918. Mr. Storey says: "Do not hold laudatory meetings. I shall feel best repaid if every branch will join enthusiastically in the effort to secure 50,000 members for the N. A. A. C. P. We need a large membership to insure the permanent success of our great movement against race prejudice." On December 31, 1917, the Association had 9,282 members; 8,436 of these were branch memberships, the remainder memberships at large. A n organization weak in numbers and support may safely be ignored and flouted by hostile adversaries or self-seeking politicians. To stem the tide of prejudice and rally the liberal and fair-minded forces of the nation and of the locality to the defense of the rights of the colored people, the As sociation must be strong in numbers and in financial resources. A t this time, when the nation's accredited spokesmen have announced their declared purpose in the great war to be that of establishing the rights of weaker and oppressed peoples every where to self-determination and to the free exercise of all those great principles of democracy for which this nation was founded, the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People has an unparalleled opportunity to proclaim the right of colored Americans throughout the length and breadth of the land to enjoy all the rights and privileges of American citizenship, free from race discrimination and color prejudice. But, as every unprejudiced American will be forced to admit, these elemental rights of citizenship must still be fought for by every weapon of agitation, publicity and legal defense which the National Association can wield. Fifty thousand members in local branches throughout the nation will give the Association's efforts most effective backing. A t the same time, every branch, by getting behind this great membership drive, can tender to Mr. Storey the kind of tribute that will most appeal to him, It will be realized at once that to secure 50,000 members by Ma y 1 there must be first, the determination to win ; second, thorough preparatory organization, and third, coordinated team work. The National Office, under the leadership of the new Secretary, Mr. John R. Shillady, and of the Field Secretary, Mr . Johnson, has given much thought to ways and means of accomplishing this result. The plan of campaign adopted follows the lines of the successful drives for large memberships and contributions made by the American Red Cross, the Young Men's Christian Association, and similar successful organizations, and is therefore based on experience. No plan, however, is perfect nor adapted to every situation. The Secretaries will welcome suggestions of any kind from the branches. They have no pride of opinion. The National Office desires only to help the branches "go over the top." The National Office will give the branches all the help that is within its power. A supply of membership blanks telling "Why You Should En list in the Ranks of the National As sociation for the Advancement of Colored People" will be mailed to all branches. Additional literature will be sent on request. The Secretaries will plan to visit during the campaign as many of the centers in which branches are located as possible; they would like to visit all branches but this may prove to be impossible. A careful outline of the campaign has been adopted and will be published in the Branch Bulletin. All persons interested should write to the National Office, 70 Fifth Avenue, New York City, immediately for these details. If you have no branch in your city and wish to organize one and take part in this drive, kindly let us hear from you. Theory of Cooperation James Peter Warhasse by James Peter THINGS produced and distributed either for use or for the purpose of making profit. The man who owns a cow and produces milk for his family consumption represents the first purpose. The men who produce milk to sell to somebody else to sell to the consumer represent the second purpose. The great mass of business is based on this latter method. Things are produced and distributed, men go into business, factories and mines are operated, and people are given employment, not for the useful purpose of serving human needs, but for the purpose of making profits. There is one group of people who have deliberately set themselves to the task of taking for themselves all of this profit of trade and, thereby, ultimately eliminating it. This they are proceeding to do, not in the competitive sense of business, but through a movement so wide and democratic that it invites all the people of the world to join it, irrespective of race, religion, occupation, or social standing. Profit-making business desires monopoly. It does not want everybody going into business. It requires, on one hand, the exploited worker who is paid less than the wealth he produces; and, on the other hand, the exploited consumer who gets less than he pays for. These are the fundamental requirements of competitive business. The Co-operative Movement does not demand an exploited class. It desires that all should join it. The more who join, the greater is the success. This is because its purpose is to substitute co-operation and mutual aid for competition and antagonism. If we cast our eyes over the field of human interests we find one thing which is common to all human beings—a necessity upon which their lives depend. They differ in religion, occupation, productivity and habits of life, but all are consumers. Al l things of use should have for their ultimate destiny to be consumed—to go into the elements of society to nourish, sustain, develop, beautify. Food, housing, clothing, music, art, recreations, and learning are the great fundamental needs. The farmer, the carpenter, the shoemaker, the musician, the artist, the dramatist, the teacher, are all necessary producers of things which the consumer needs. The merchant, the advertiser, the real-estate agent, the broker, the jailer, the banker, most lawyers and courts, the idle rich, and all the horde of clerks and parasites which these employ are not needed in co-operation. If those who are occupied in unnecessary functions were employed in useful service, the hours of labor of those who toil could be reduced one-half; and if the labor-saving devices which are possible were put into use, the hours of labor could be reduced to one-fourth of what they now are. The profit system imposes this unnecessary burden upon mankind. Co-operation is simple. It requires only loyalty and friendship toward one's fellowmen. A group of people who are capable of fidelity organize as a consumers' society to supply for themselves their simplest wants. They buy at wholesale in common such things as eggs, butter, fruit, vegetables, coal, meat, and coffee. They take for themselves the profit which had previously gone to the private merchant. Their society grows larger, and presently they run their own store, and distribute to themselves all of their food-stuffs, clothing, and household goods. The basis of such an organization must be democratic. The necessary share-capital must be raised, preferably by the one-member-one-share principle. One member, one vote; interest not above the current or legal rate; and returns to members based on the volume of purchases which each member makes, are the essentials of success. When the number of such societies has increased they will find that the total amount of purchases they are making is so great 221 222 TH E CRISIS that they can unite in the organization of a wholesale society and thus take the next step and cut out the profit of the wholesaler. And when still more societies have grown up and the membership has become sufficiently great, the wholesale society, instead of buying from the importer and manufacturer, imports and manufactures for itself. When this last step has been taken the economic problem is solved; the gamut is run; the revolution is consummated. Securing commodities at the cost of production is the least of the purposes of the Co-operative Movement. It aims at more important things. It takes advantage of the organization of people who have common needs, and introduces insurance against sickness, death, unemployment, accidents, and old age. It provides pensions for motherhood; makes loans to members; carries families on credit in the event of strikes and lock-outs; provides housing, recreations, club-houses, medical and nursing care, hospitals and sanitariums. Still a greater benefit than these accrues to the co-operator. It is not alone that the things he needs are made more easily accessible to him; it is not alone that he is freed from the dangers and costs of diseased and adulterated food; it is not alone that he is spared exploitation by all the vicious agencies of profiteering; it is not alone that pensions, insurance, and housing are made possible for him; it is not alone that recreations, art and education are rendered accessible. Co-operation does a greater thing than all these. It develops in the soul of man a new spirit. It makes him a co-operator. It takes hold of the fundamental anrl primitive instincts—to help one's fellowman, to be kind, to be generous, to render mutual aid — and encourages him. It teaches people to work together for their mutual benefit, that the concern of one is the concern of all, and that no man can cheat or be cheated without his neighbor also suffering. All of this is not a theory nor an Utopian dream. It has all come to pass. In England in 1844 twenty-eight poor weavers, with no better destiny than the poorhouse before them, organized the Rochdale Equitable Pioneers Society, with a store with only four commodities, keeping open only in the evening. They had the vision and the philosophy. From that small beginning-there has never been a recession. Year after year unfailing success has crowned the movement. Today the co-operative societies in Great Britain embrace one-third of the total population. For forty years the movement has been growing five times faster than the population has increased. During the war the increase has been ten times faster. Now what do we find? The co-operative societies of Great Britain distribute nearly $1,000,000,000 worth of commodities to their members annually. The "profit," or more properly speaking the savings, to their members amounts to $100,000,000 a year. Of this amount $65,000,000 are returned in cash to the members in the form of "dividends." The British Wholesale Society supplies 12,000 societies. It owns its own steamships. It has thirteen great warehouses. It gave $100,000 toward the construction of the Manchester ship canal along which are its great flour mills. It is the largest purchaser of Canadian wheat. Its eight flour mills are the largest in Great Britain. These mills turn out thirty-five tons of flour every hour for the people who own the mills. The largest bakery in the world is owned by the co-operators of Glascow. The British Co-operative Wholesale has sixty-five factories. Their soap works make 500 tons of soap a week. They produce 3,000,000 pairs of boots annually. They conduct three great printing plants. Their creameries and farms produce vast quantities of dairy products, fruit, and vegetables. They have recently purchased 10,000 acres of the best wheat lands in Canada. They own their own coal mines. Their last purchase was the Shil-bottle coal mine, bought only during the present year. They own great tea plantations in Ceylon and vineyards in Spain. In Africa they control vast tracts of land for the production of palm-olives from which oil for their soap factories is procured. These organizations of consumers— springing from the little society of Rochdale—now bring their own currants from Greece to be made into plum-puddings in their own great factories. The British cooperators now produce almost every commodity: watches, furniture, tinware, machinery, clothing, tobacco, chemicals, leather goods, corsets and brushes. Their total THE THEORY OF CO-OPERATION products are five times greater than those of the private manufacturers in the Manufacturers' Association. They provide concerts, entertainments, acrobats and jugglers. Their welfare-work embraces most every branch of human service. They conduct life-saving stations on the coast and administer large funds for the relief of sufferers from famine and unemployment. Their banking department is next to the Bank of England in importance. One-half of the industrial life and accident insurance done in Great Britain is done by the co-operative society. Their life insurance business is carried on at one twenty-fifth of the cost which the profit-making companies pay. ' The British Wholesale Society did a business of $217,000,000 in 1914; in 1917 it will exceed $300,000,000. The Scottish Co-operative Wholesale Society is a federation of 264 consumers' societies. In 1916 it did a business of $75,000,000, manufactured $24,-000,000 worth of goods, and carried a reserve and insurance fund of nearly $5,000, 000. The British Society employs about 200,000 people. Al l of this vast business is carried on by people who are producing and distributing for themselves—practically all from the laboring class. As great as the British movement is, the continental movement is still greater. Germany, France and Italy have more societies and more membership than England, Scotland and Ireland. Russia before the war was weak in co-cperative societies, but with the growth of the revolutionary movement the societies increased until the Russian movement now has become the greatest in the world. In 1917 there were in Russia 45,000 co-operative societies, with 15,000,000 members. Upon the basis of the head of a household representing five people, this means 75,000,000, which is nearly one-half of the population. The People's Co-operative Bank in Moscow does a business of $1,000,000,000 yearly. The Co-operative Movement in Belgium is peculiar. The surplus savings are not returnable to the members in the form of cash but are used for social welfare purposes. This money is used for doing for the members of the co-operative societies what the socialized state does for the people in Germany. Old age pension, life insurance, insurance against sickness and unemployment, maternity benefits and medical and nursing care are provided. Those beautiful buildings in Belgium called "the houses of the people" are owned by the co-operative societies. They are community centers, used for meetings, dramatic presentations, schools and recreations. About some of them are parks where fine music is rendered, mothers sew, fathers talk and children play. This movement of the people in many European countries has been developing so rapidly that it has seemed as though the time were drawing near when the co-operative societies could say that government, as represented in the state, is no longer needed. The time seems approaching when the people in their co-operative societies would do everything for themselves. They would need no state. The only things the state would have that the co-operators would not have are an aristocracy, soldiers and jails. Co-operation is a great international movement. The International Co-operative Alliance at its last meeting, the year before the war began, had delegates from twenty-four countries. More than twenty countries had wholesale co-operative societies. Fifteen million members were represented. These were the representatives of 75,000,000 consumers. It is now' estimated that if the International Alliance holds its next Congress in 1918, the movement will have 40,000,000 members, representing 200,000,000 people. The International Bulletin continues to be published even during the war and monthly contains articles by Englishmen, Germans, Frenchmen, Italians, Austrians and Russians. During the war the movement, even in the belligerent countries, has made greater progress than ever before. It has not only served the co-operators, but in Europe it has been the greatest of all forces, standing between the people and profit-making business. It has kept down prices, and prevented profiteering, by establishing standards in the costs of production and distribution. Co-operation is peculiarly practical. It succeeds. When societies begin to produce for themselves, they are not producing for a problematical market; they know definitely what they want. Production is undertaken to supply a known need. There is no over-production nor under-production. No salesmanship, advertising, short-weights, nor adulterated goods play a figure in cooperation. Wherever co-operation springs up it is attacked by the forces which thrive by robbing the people. Predatory business—big and little—and every agency which is organized to wring profits out of the unorganized consumers are the enemies of cooperation. Every European country has witnessed battles between the co-operators and the trusts; and the co-operators have always won. The great governments of the world have always been more or less antagonistic to co-operation; it has interfered with the privilege of profit-making. In the United States co-operation is tak ing root. About 1,000 societies are now in operation. When these societies unite into a confederation the success of the movement in this country will be guaranteed. The more societies there are the greater will be their success. The best results are secured by groups of people who already have some ties to bind them, such as labor organizations, racial affiliations, or society membership. The Finnish people in America are phenomenally successful. This is the great opportunity for the Negro. The fact that he is the most exploited of all people, that the government discriminates against him, and that he pays more for what he buys than does the white citizen should open his eyes to the possibility of co-operation. He has shown, his ability to co-operate as an agricultural producer; he should show it as a consumer. The Co-operative Movement is bringing the message of hope to the working classes. When one grasps its significance and its possibilities he becomes filled with a holy zeal for its promotion. The Martyr A Story by O. C. W. Taylor THER E are two things which the eyes of man cannot penetrate: one is a Louisiana cane-brake, and the other is the dank bottom-fog which accompanies the precipitation of night in that place. In the midst of both these Julius Caesar lay sore, bleeding and wounded. Not the Julius Caesar of Roman fame, the conqueror of a world, leader of a victorious army, the victim of a traitor's dagger, but Julius Caesar Kennedy, Julius Caesar of ante-bellum fame, servant, member of a down-trodden race, but victim of the same weapon as the Julius Caesar of old. Alone, wounded and bleeding, not in the classic halls of the Senate, but in the midst of a Louisiana canebrake, surrounded by marsh and bottomland. The silence was oppressive. He was too much overcome to do other than scarcely breathe. His pursuers, moved by the dread of giving away their location, dared not whisper. The moon itself was held back by the dense fog which at this time of the year was so cutting that it caused the very hounds themselves, veterans of the man-chase, to cease their erstwhile incessant baying and to give vent to a shivering whine of discomfort. Julius Caesar lay sore, wounded and bleeding. Did I say alone? Yes, but I was in error. There were three others with him. Slowly he opened his eyes, beheld them and reached out his hand to them. The first one grasped the hand firmly and immediately over Caesar's whole body passed a quiet, sudden feeling of relief. Al l traces of the recent fatigue passed; his eyes brightened; his breathing came less and less in jerks; pain fled. He moved not, but he was at rest. This visitor was Numbness, sent by a pitying Creator in answer to a heart-meant prayer. The other visitor came forward and grasped his hand. Gleams of a past youth returned to Caesar's eyes. Smiles flitted across his face. Now a tear; now a frown. Caesar lay firmly clasped by her whom mankind calls Memory. # * * * i|t * i|t Two boys sat together in the corner of the great plantation kitchen. Two boys thought. One bore the brightness of the mid-day sun; the other betrayed the touch of the dusky twilight eve. In the minds of each was a vision of a newly-mounded grave containing the last earthly remains of a little black woman. In the heart of each was the feeling of a loss sustained. One thought of the bed-time stories, the knickknacks, the plaintive plantation melodies, the cooling hand on the fevered brow, the thousand pleasures emanating only from a mammy. In the heart of the other was engraven the picture of a mother, the sacrifices made, the food confiscated, the castaway clothing made wearable, the love borne,—the mother. Two boys wept, and in the throes of a mutual sorrow two boys embraced, each inwardly swearing eternal friendship and loyalty. ******* Two men were together. Two old men were together. In the countenance of each was not only age, but evidences of a new sorrow. "Caesar," said one, "of all men alive, you best know my condition. You have long known it and only loyalty has prevented you from leaving as the others have done. Now that same loyalty must force me to -	 make you go. The low tariff on sugar has completely ruined me. My plantation, our old home, ha? long been gone. Of what little was left me, life in this city with its clubs and other social obligations, I have little left. The same day that witnessed the departure of my money viewed the departure of friends, all but you. But even you must go now. I am going back to the country. I have enough to live on until the end, which I feel will not be long. Joe, your son, has wanted you to live with him. Go to him. No, not a word. Good bye." ******* Two men addressed different audiences. In the heart of one audience was the feeling of unrequited labor, the feeling of unequal chance, the feeling of disfranchisement, the feeling of being legally unprotected, the feeling even of fear of owning decent homes, 'est they be hurned. On the faces of the other audience was expressed fear lest a too long down-trodden people should arise to avenge the untimely deaths of thousands of their innocent men and women, fear lest their best but under-paid field-hands should leave their crops wasting in the fields, fear lest they themselves, inherently gentlemen, should be forced to the painful necessity ox being reduced to the plane of fieid-laborers. "Brethren," spoke the darker man, "from the great city of New Orleans I have heard the tramp of your exodus. I have listened to it and I have been struck with fear and anxiety for you. From the distance I heard grave rumors of German intrigue. I am glad to know that you are leaving, not on account of German influence, but on account of your own honest but distorted convictions. "Thousands of you are leaving for the great cities of the North, where you can find peace, freedom to work, opportunity to live, become educated, and enjoy the full rights of citizenship. "Think you that these conditions will last? Be not led on by your fanciful imaginations. Thousands of you will die of cold and ex posure. More of you will surely perish of starvation. The others who survive will live only to see themselves again replaced by the influx of foreigners who are sure to come immediately after the end of the' Eu ropean struggle. "This is your home. This is my home. This is the home of your and my fathers. This climate is peculiarly suited to you. True, you may not be treated exactly as you wish to be, but that, too, must come before the end of time. The white folks of the South know you and those of the North do not. They " "They do not lynch us and they do pay us," interrupted a listener, and pandemonium greeted the interruption. The other addressed another audience: Fellow citizens, all of my life has been spent for you and with you. Al l this land was once my own. I have lived to see it lost to me and owned by a people once the slaves of my father and your father. These people, once so gentle and mild, I have seen grow up and now they are becoming overbearing and haughty. More than that, they are becoming lawless and vicious. They regard themselves as our equals and are de manding equal rights. They are sulking and nursing what they are pleased to call a grudge against us. Have we not done for them all that we could have done? True, we 226 THE have punished a few of them in order to teach the others a lesson, but that had to be. "The enemy of the whole world is rising against us and is working hourly against us through this people. These people may rise up and strike at any moment. Our homes, our lives, the lives of our children, and, above all, the lives and safety of our womanhood is imperiled. Shall we stand idly by and see them outraged? "To-night, even at this moment, they are having a meeting which may break up in a revolution against us, who have been their best friends. A man who has just returned from the meeting tells me that the one whom the Germans have selected as a leader to stir them up is old Uncle Julius Caesar. I can hardly believe it. Yet it must be so. In his veins is the same blood that courses through mine, but it is poisoned by other blood that is prone to ungratefulness and lawlessness. CRISIS I reared him. I gave him his education and am thus in a great measure responsible for his conduct. He must be made an object lesson. It breaks my heart to be the leader, but I feel it my duty, and I will lead any of you who will undertake to administer this object lesson." * * * * * * * Julius Caesar lay sore, wounded and bleeding. In the East the feast attendant upon the birth of a new day was beginning. The dense fog was lifting. The baying of the hounds came at shorter intervals. The crackling of twigs betrayed the searching party. Memory loosed her grasp upon the fugitive's hand. The eyes of the old servant became as of glass; the blood ceased coursing through his body; his limbs stiffened and became rigid; the heart-beats slackened, quivered, stopped. Caesar grasped an icy hand. The last visitor was Death. In the Cantonments A TRIP to Camp Meade will not soon be forgotten. Not that Camp Meade differs so much from thirteen other National Army Cantonments and the fifteen National Guard Mobilization Training Camps, but because it furnishes a glimpse of the life of all of those. Camp Meade is twenty-five miles from Washington, D. C , and a little less from Baltimore, Md., lying directly between these cities. Two railways, an electric road and a paved highway, make the approach easier than to any other camp. A year ago there were numerous truck farms where now are hundreds of buildings and a population of forty thousand men, of whom some six thousand are colored. In reaching the colored section of the camp you pass through a portion of the white sections. Men are drilling, digging trenches, riding, driving, moving here and there,—always moving. The blast of a speeding motorcycle warns you to clear the road, the rapid foot-falls of an orderly's horse remind you that a messenger is passing with despatches. Passing from the white section into the colored quarters you see the same action, the same riding, motoring, sentinels, the same type of barracks, uniform in design, without paint and AT CAMP MEADE. 227 porches, built for a purpose. The soil at Camp Meade is very sandy and if the weather has been dry you find yourself struggling through stretches of sand and dust. These colored men have all been drafted, brought here without any choice of their own. Do they consider themselves prisoners, driven slaves to die, it may be, in a strange land under all forms of savage butchery and horror? Do they feel that they are being forced to fight for white peoples who have sought all forms of means by law and custom to degrade them? Let us look for the answers. When you inquire the way to Colonel Jackson's 368th Regiment of Infantry the black soldier looks you squarely in the eye, gives the direction in a few explicit words, probably accompanies you a short distance, so as to point to some landmark, and passes on. In the maze of buildings you will question a number of times before you reach headquarters. It is always the same courteous answer, the same evidence of discipline. Captain Louis Mellinger is the affable colored adjutant and intelligence officer. Surrounding him are a number of lieutenants, orderlies. Yes, your son will be found in barracks B-28, fourth street down, two blocks to the right. The sergeant in charge, officer of the day, will help you to find him. While you look for your son there are many mothers looking likewise for sons, many fathers, daughters, brothers, sweethearts on the same mission. Al l are carrying baskets of good things to eat, woolen socks, something from home. The procession moves here and there, for it is Saturday afternoon, visitors' day, when the boys do not have regular tasks to perform. The camp is five miles wide and fifteen miles long. The colored section is probably a half mile wide and a mile long. Besides sleeping quarters, there are the mess-hall for each regiment, the laundry and lavatory, the hospital, the officers' quarters, the exchange, the corrall. There are playgrounds between buildings and squads of football contestants, baseball players and others at sport. One soldier had an opossum he had captured. Visitors and soldiers are grouped everywhere. Entering the mess-hall at meal time you see hundreds of sturdy men eating with evident appetites a meal that appears well-cooked and wholesome. Each soldier's kit is an aluminum outfit, plate with a handle, knife and fork and cup. These he takes to the kitchen shelf and is served; thence he goes to the table and after eating proceeds to the tub of hot water where he washes his vessels and returns with them to his quarters. His sleeping-room is a long hall, without privacy, the single cots being arranged in long rows like the public ward of a hospital. Over each cot is a shelf where a few books, the mess-kit, some home pictures, etc., are kept. Men are not noisy here nor elsewhere, the conversation being more or less serious, but even when frivolous the gaiety is subdued. But all these buildings and grounds would be spiritless were it not for the Y. M. C. A. buildings and their secretaries. How the army has ever existed without them seems a mystery. Here the men come to write letters, to read papers and magazines, to hear lectures, to see moving-pictures, to hear concerts, to see boxing-matches. "I am sorry I did not get here earlier," said an erect corporal. "The life is pretty tough, but I like it. I stand in line for early promotion and I am studying for it. You would be surprised," he said, "how these men who have come here are trying to learn. Many of them could not read or write. They are fast learning both." Colored men at Camp Meade, six thousand of them, are proving what has been proven many times over, that the Negro has a wonderful gift of adapting himself to whatever condition confronts him. Few of them would have volunteered for so serious a job, none are fretting that they are forced into it. Most of them appreciate the mission of beating the Germans, all are doing with cheerfulness the daily tasks that are given them in preparation for the slaughter. Gathered from all walks of life, of various grades of society, they are as congenial as if they were university students. From six o'clock reveille to ten o'clock taps, whether the duties of the day call for long hikes, for digging trenches, for scrubbing floors, for long hours of sentinel duty, there are no men of America performing their tasks of preparation more manly and cheerfully than these black sons and citizens of a Nation that cannot blot out the color line of outrage or opportunity on its own soil. M e n of the Month A WELFARE WORKER. THE late Mrs. Anna V. Andrews, who died at her home in Sumter, S. C , on September 19, 1917, was reared and educated in Washington, and returned to her birthplace, Sumter, where she was married to Mr. W. T. Andrews, a prominent lawyer, and now Editor of The Daily Herald of Baltimore, Md. Mrs. Andrews was an active social worker. In 1912, she organized the "One More Effort Club," which has done much toward the relief of the distressed and unfortunate ones. Her work extended into the larger sphere of the State Federation of Women's Clubs, of which she was First Vice-President. She was a fine character, and lived a life devoted to her fellowmen.* A YOUNG DENTIST. R. THEODORE R. MOZEE, a successful young dentist, died at his home in Chicago, 111., November 17, 1917. Dr. Mozee was born in St. Louis, Mo., January 19, 1882, of Louise and Louis Mozee. The first twenty-two years of his life were spent in that city. His preparatory schooling stopped at the sixth grade, when he was compelled to help support the family. He began his professional training in dentistry at Meharry Medical School, Nashville, Tenn. Later, he entered the Dental School of the University of Illinois, from which he was graduated in June, 1909. He was intensely loyal to his race and believed that the development of cooperative business enterprises was one of its most urgent needs. His efforts along this line took the shape of the Kashmir Chemical Company, which he founded and organized. He was a member of the Beta Chapter of Sigma Pi Phi, and of the local society of colored dentists. A widow survives him, nee Miss Cecelia Johnson, a graduate of the University of Chicago. PAUL LE ROY ROBESON. THIS athlete is only nineteen years old, but he is six feet, two inches high, and weighs 210 pounds. He is the son of the Rev. W. D. Robeson, a Methodist clergyman in Somerville, N . J. He was graduated from the Somerville, N . J., High School in 1915, at the head of his class. In high school he was full-back on the football team. He entered Rutgers College on a four years' scholarship, won in competitive examination, in which he THE LATE MRS. A. V. ANDREWS THE LATE DR. T. R. MOZEE 229 230 THE CRISIS FRITZ POLLARD AND PAUL ROBESON made the highest average in the state. He Mr. Robeson has since been placed on the became a member of the varsity football All-American and All-Eastern teams of team in his first year at Rutgers. He practically every critic. His coach, Mr. came into prominence, however, only reGeorge Foster Sanford, says: "Robeson is cently, when he played with his colleagues the best football player in the country toand gained the victory over the Newport day." Naval Reserves, a team composed of forMr. Robeson, also, has maintained a mer All-American players and led by Cupid high scholastic record. He has won the Black, captain of Yale's team last year. class oratorical prize for two years, a feat never before accomplished in the school. he was general secretary in Atlanta, Ga., He is varsity debater, plays guard in basfor the colored work of the Epworth ketball, throws weights in track, catches League of the M. E. Church. At the presin baseball, and is a baritone soloist. ent time he is corresponding secretary in FOUR GENERATIONS OF THE FAMILY OF DR. I. G. PENN. A METHODIST. -p^ DR. I. GARLAND PENN was born IJ near Lynchburg, Va., October 7, 1867, the oldest of five children. His parents are still living. He was educated in the public and high schools of Lynchburg. He was supervising principal in the public school system of Lynchburg from 1887 to 1895; from 1895-96 he was national commissioner of Negro exhibits at the Cotton States and International Convention, for which he received a gold medal for the excellence of the exhibit; from 1897-1912 Cincinnati, Ohio, for the Freedmen's Aid Society of this church. He has been a member of the General Conference of the M. E. Church for twenty-eight years, and is one of two colored commissioners on the Joint High Commission of the M. E. Church and the M. E. Church South. Dr. Penn is the author of "The Afro-American Press," a history of Negro journalism ; he edited "The United Negro," and was co-author of "Seven Graded Sunday Schools." He is father of seven children. TH E NE W PHILANTHROP Y Negro Players, in New York City, because THE usual assumption is that Negroes they were real players with a new and are inadequate and inefficient and beautiful message. Mr. Coady exhibited the need "help." Thus, philanthropy in the delightfully naive and promising work of R J COADY MRS. EMILIE BIGELOW HAPGOOD past has usually taken the form of alms giving, so far as Negroes are concerned. There is arising, however, a new and encouraging form of philanthropy toward colored folk. The new philanthropists like Emilie Bigelow Hapgood, Richard J. Coady, John C. Freund and Robert Edmund Jones are interested in Negroes not because of their race but because they have been especially stirred by the artistic possibilities of the Negro race. Mrs. Hapgood staged the R. E. JONES J. C. FREUND Negro children not because they were black but because they had talent. Mr. Freund as editor of Musical America has always given prompt and generous recognition to Negro music. Mr. Jones has the seeing eye which recognizes the value and beauty of color in human skins, and his staging and draping of the Negro Players was singularly happy and promising. We are glad to have our readers know the faces of these four philanthropists of the new order. The Looking Glass LITERATURE. THE new urgency of the problem of the Negro is shown by articles on the subject appearing in the leading magazines during the last six months, a list of which we append: ^Negro's March With Muffled Drums—Survey, August 4. 1917. New York Light and Shade—R. M. Jonas—Art World. November. 191T. Our Tyranny Over the Negro—Literary Digest,September 22. 1917. Queen of Gotham's Colored Four Hundred—Literary Dipest. June 13, 1917. Slighted Material—R. M. Jonas—Art World, August, 1917. Race Distinctions and the Courts—Survey, September 8, 1917. Colleges and Universities for Negroes—School and Society, August 25, 1917. County Machinery for Colored Schools in the South—J. H. Dillard—School and Society, September 8. 1917. Epic of the Black Man—H. R. Moderwell—New Republic. September 8, 1917. Self-Pity in Negro Folk-Songs—J. A. Lomax— Nation, August 9. 1917. ^-Negro's Fatherland—W. E. B. Du Bois—Survey, November 10. 1917. Negro's Brighter Outlook—'Nation, December 6, 1917. Houston Mutiny—Outlook. September 5, 1917. Negro Conscript—New Republic, June 20, 1917. Negro Soldier Under Fire in France—Review of Reviews. September, 1917. Training Colored Officers—L. F. Pierce—Review of Reviews, December. 1917. Where to Encamp the Negro Troops—Literary Digest. September 29. 1917. Again the Negro—N. Curtis—Poetry, December, 1917. Hollis Burke Frissell—L. Abbott—Outlook, August 15, 1917. Problems of Negro Education—J. C. Hemphill— North American, September, 1917. Exodus in America—Living Age. October 6. 1917. Negro Comes North—K. Moses—Forum, August, 1917. Negro Migration—P. H. Stone—Outlook. August 1. 1917. . ^Negro Migration as the South Sees It—Survey. August 11, 1917. When Labor Is Cheap—B. M. Edens—Survey, Sep1 tember 8. 1917. Erasing the Color Line—W. H. Baldwin—Survey, &lt; November 24. 1917. Momentous Discussion—Nation, November 15, 1917. African Question—H. H. Johnston—Living Age,September 8. 1917. Negro's Right of Residence—Literary Digest, November 24. 1917. No Race Segregation by Law—Outlook, December 5, 1917. Lynching and Race Relations in the South—T. W. Page—North American, August. 1917. Law and Order for the Negro—Survey, August 18, 1917. Evolution of a Superior Race—Literary Digest.September 29. 1917. Riots in East St. Louis—Pan-American, August, 1917. Illinois Race War and Its Brutal Aftermath—Current Otinion, August 1917. East St. Louis—Why?—R. Baldwin—Survey, August 18. 1917. Interstate Migration of Negro Population—W. O. Scroggs—Journal of Political Economy, December. 1917. The New York Evening Post mentions a volume on "The Black Man's Part in the War," which has not yet reached us. The author, Sir Harry Johnston, speaks of the more than fifty million Negro peoples under the British flag: Some remarkable instances of loyalty to the British flag among these peoples at the beginning of the war are related by the author. Almost every tribe, for example, in the South Pacific has sent free-will offerings to the British Government. One island in the New Hebrides, which was till lately remarkable for cannibalism, sent $350 to the fund in aid of British widows and orphans. Two tribes of British West Africa hastily composed their quarrels lest they embarrass the British at this critical time, and their division sent in $8,000 to assist in the war of their kindly rulers. The Negroes of the West Indies are estimated to have contributed $10,000,000 to the various war funds, besides sending some hard fighting battalions for African service. In South Africa 40,000 Negroes served as a labor corps in Botha's command, while in the winter of 1916-17 there were between 6,000 and 7,000 Kafir-Zulus and Basutos laboring in France. "Latest Light on Abraham Lincoln," by Ervin Chapman (2 vol., Revell) devotes nearly one hundred pages to Lincoln and Slavery. It does not, however, seem to shed any new light on the subject. THE LIBERAL SOUTH. THE addresses and discussions of the A Law and Order Conference, held at Blue Ridge, N . C , last summer by liberal white Southerners, have been issued in a pamphlet of 125 pages. Some of the statements are astonishingly liberal. The summary address delivered by W. D. Weather-ford at the closing session, says: "We have very reluctantly preached a gospel of liberty, advancement, self-respect to these [colored] people. We have even hoped they would not make progress. We have scarcely dared to think of sharing with them the privileges of real manhood. But. we are come to the parting of ways." Kate Herndon Trawick was especially fine. She showed that commitments for rape were much more common among the foreign-born than among Negroes; that rape was only a minor cause of lynching; that fifty-one women had been lynched in twenty-five years; that the testimony of attacked women under certain circumstances was utterly untrustworthy, and that: 233 The women of both races have much to forgive the Southern white man. Insult has been added to injury for generations, and I can see no remedy for the situation until the white women refuse to submit longer to the humiliation of body, mind, and soul they have been forced to endure under the double standard of our present social organization. They must demand that further degradation of white and Negro races be stopped, that lynchings be abolished, and that the personality of white and colored women be respected. The white and the colored women can never come to a place of mutual respect, understanding, and sympathy until the white man ceases to build higher the barrier now standing between them. Hate begets hate—prejudice breeds prejudice. Women (white and Negro) is the main factor in the problem of racial hostility. Arthur Spear, of Birmingham, Ala., said: I asked a furniture dealer who sold large quantities of furniture to Negroes, what percent of his sales he failed to collect. He replied that they did not lose any, as they kept five men out all of the time collecting weekly payments. In addition to collecting, each man's task was to sell one thousand dollars' worth of furniture per month and keep up with the movement of the people to see that none was lost. I asked one agent what was the difference in his cash price and his time price. He said a suite of furniture that he sold for forty dollars cash he got eighty dollars and over on time with small weekly payments. As one Negro expressed it: "Boss, you can get all the furniture you want if you pay a dollar down and a dollar a week the balance of your life." From a system of this kind it will be hard to develop leaders and build character even in the white man, to say the least of what it will do for the blacks. Dr. W. F. Tillett, of Nashville, asked: Who is at the bottom of the mob business? I give it as my judgment that of the ringleaders that go in to revenge the rape of women, fifty percent of the mob and the ringleaders are men that would be, and many are, guilty, of the same crime themselves. They are not only men who would rape colored women, but men who would violate the law with regard to their own white women. There were, of course, some reactionary and apologetic statements, as, for instance, when the gentleman from South Carolina explained that Anthony Crawford was not simply insolent once, but was generally "bumptious!" Wherefore he was lynched! We also note with some amusement that while one lonesome colored man was present and read a paper, he was evidently hiding in the underbrush when the photograph of the delegates was taken. TRADES UNIONS. THE attitude of trades unions toward M. Negroes is well known to the initiated, but seldom have illustrative facts been more clearly stated than in Epstein's excellent "Negro Migrant in Pittsburgh," which we have already mentioned and which we especially commend to readers (Crisis Office, 74 pp., fifty cents). The author says in answer to a widespread charge: In only one instance in our survey of the Pittsburgh Trade Unions was a complaint lodged against colored people taking the places of striking white workers. This was in a waiters' strike and was won just the same, because the patrons of the restaurants protested against the substitution of Negro waiters. In all the others there were no such occurrences. Indeed, the number of Negroes taking the places of striking whites and of skilled white workers is so small that it is hardly appreciable. They are, as we have seen, largely taking the places which were left vacant by the unskilled foreign laborers since the beginning of the war, and the new places created by the present industrial boom. No effective effort has been made, to organize these unskilled laborers by the recognized American labor movement. These people, therefore, whose places are now being taken by the Negroes, worked under no American standard of labor, and the fear of these unskilled laborers breaking down labor standards which have never existed is obviously unfounded. In only two Pittsburgh Unions are Negroes freely admitted: the Hod-Carriers' and the Hoisting Engineers'. In both these cases "the colored man has proved to be as good a unionist as his white fellows." As to other unions the author gives several illustrative instances: A n official of a very powerful Union which has a membership of nearly five thousand said that it had about five colored members. He admitted that there are several hundred Negroes working in the same trade in this city, but his organization does not encourage them to organize and will admit one of them only when he can prove his ability in, his work—a technical excuse for exclusion. This official was a man who was born in the South; he believed in the inferiority of the Negro, deplored the absence of a Jim-Crow system, and was greatly prejudiced. Another official of an even more powerful trade union was greatly astonished when he learned that there are white people who take an interest in the Negro question. He absolutely refused to give any information and did not think it was worth-while to answer such questions, although he admitted that his Union had no colored people and would never accept them. There are, however, several hundred Negroes working at this trade in the city. White members related numerous incidents of white unionists leaving a job when a colored man appeared. Several other unions visited had no Negroes in the Union, although there were some local colored people in their respective trades. On January 1, 1917, a group of about thirty unorganized Negro plasterers sent the following letter to the Operative Plasterers' and Cement Finishers' International Association of the United States with offices at Middletown, Ohio: Pittsburgh, Pa., Jan. 1, 1917. "We, the undersigned Colored Plasterers of the City of Pittsburgh, met in a session on the above-named date, and after forming an Organization for our mutual benefit voted to petition to you our grievances on the grounds of being discriminated against because of our color. We, therefore, would like to have a Local Body of our own for our people. We also voted to ask you for the advice and consideration of such a movement, and hereby petition you that you grant us a license for a local of our own, to be operated under your jurisdiction, praying this will meet with your approval, and hoping to get an early reply " The International then sent the following reply: "Replying to your letter, we are writing our Pittsburgh Local today in reference to your application for charter. According to the rules and regulations of our organization, no organization can be chartered in any city where we have a Local without consulting the older Organization." This was signed by the Secretary of the International Association. The Pittsburgh Local then invited the Secretary of the colored organization to appear at their regular meeting. When the Secretary came, they told him he could have five minutes time in which to present his claims. Nothing resulted from this meeting and no written statement whatsoever was made by the Pittsburgh Local in spite of attempts to secure such Another illustration of the difficulty confronting the colored person when he desires to join a Union, is the following: Two colored migrants, J. D. and C. S., painters from Georgia, had applied to the Union for membership in November and December, 1916, respectively. Both of these persons have their families here, and claim fourteen and sixteen years' experience in the trade, stating also that they can do as good a job as any other union man. Each one of these claims to have made from $25 to $30 a week in the South by contracting. The official in the office of the Union whom they approached to ask for membership unceremoniously told them that it would take no colored men into membership. The result was that one of these men was fortunate enough to find work in his own line in a non-union shop, receiving twenty dollars per week for eight and one-half hours, as compared with $5.50 for an eight hour day, the union scale. The second man, however, was not so fortunate, and unable to find work in his own line, he is now working as a common laborer in a steel plant making $2.70 for ten hours per day The following case which throws light on the general situation, and illustrates the resultant effects of this injustice was related by the head clerk of the State Employment Bureau of this city: "In the month of June, 1917, a man giving the name of P. Bobonis, a Porto Rican, came to our office and asked for work as a carpenter. Mr. Bobonis was a union carpenter, a member of the Colorado State Union. The first place he was sent they told him they were filled up, and when a call was made to determine if the company had sufficient carpenters, the foreman said that it was impossible for them to employ a colored carpenter as all of the white men would walk out, but that they were still badly in need of carpenters. It was then decided to call upon the different companies recognizing the union, to see if they all felt the same way. Much to our amazement we found it to be the general rule—the colored man could pay his initiation fee and dues in the Union, but after that was done he was left little hopes for employment. Four large companies were called for this man and he could not be placed. As a last attempt, a call on the Dravo Contracting Company was made and as they have some union and others nonunion men, they employed the man. "Mr . Bobonis was not a floater, but a good man. He is a graduate of Oberlin College and is now working to raise enough money to enable him to study medicine." PALMARES. THE first number of Volume Three of the Journal of Negro History has articles on "Josiah Henson," "Elizabeth Barrett Browning and the Negro," and "Slavery in California." The most interesting bit is an historic incident related by Charles E. Chapman of a revolt of slaves in Brazil. In 1650, forty determined Negroes of the Province of Pernambuco, all of them na tives of Guinea, rose against their masters, taking as much as they could in the way of arms and provisions, and fled to the neighboring forest. There they founded a quilombo on the site of a well-known Negro village of earlier days, which the Dutch had destroyed. The tale of their escape was told throughout the province, with the result that it was not long before the population of the new quilombo was greatly increased. Slaves and freemen were eager to join their brethren in the forest. It seemed prudent, however, to go farther away from the white settlements, lest the very strength of the Negro town should invite annihilation or re-enslavement by the planters. Thus it was that the inland site of Palmares, not far from the present-day Anadia, was chosen. A town was founded, and all seemed well except for one thing—an essential to permanence was lacking, for there were no women. A detachment of Negroes was sent on the romantic mission of procuring wives for the colony. This party marched to the nearest plantations, and, without stopping to discriminate, took all the women it could find, black, mulatto, and white. Palmares was now on a secure footing indeed. Gradually the town gained a population of twenty thousand with several surrounding- towns. The Republic lasted nearly fifty years, but was finally overthrown by the Portuguese in a regular siege with cannon. The leaders committed suicide and the prisoners were all put to death. THE "JIM-CROW" CAR. THE New York Evening Post began the discussion: Mr. McAdoo may be relied upon to fight any effort to do away with the Jim-Crow car. It was he who started the discriminations in the departments at Washington, and he is proud of it. It will not affect him that on these trains the United States will be discriminating between its colored and white soldiers, and that some of it-, eight hundred colored officers may publicly be Jim-Crowed, as if they did not wear an officers's uniform. It is, therefore, not likely that any change will take place if the Government' control of the lines is limited to the period of the war. Should, however, Government ownership become permanent, the colored people may be relied upon, after peace is declared, to keep the country in a turmoil on this question until it is settled aright. They are the more keen for the struggle, and for Government ownership, because the Railway Unions discriminate against them, whereas, if the railroads are Federalized and all employees placed under the Civil Service laws, colored men will be able to become conductors and engineer's and aspire to even higher places now denied them. The Richmond Times-Despatch is real pessimistic: These cars are operated under the ap plication of the doctrine of the reserved rights of the States, not all of which in cluded rights have as yet been voluntarily surrendered to the Federal Government. However, under the yielding tendency of the times, the South may come around to the point where it concedes that national authority can regulate the question of "Jim-Crow" cars with more wisdom than the States have shown. The Shreveport, La.,Journal also declares at considerable length that: Any serious attempt to wipe put the sep arate car laws will inevitably cause trou ble. Industrious and well meaning south ern Negroes, living in perfect peace and amity with the whites, would, undoubtedly, oppose any changes in social laws that af fect that relationship. As Shreveport has had more lynchings than any other single town in the South, it may be surmised that the number of Negroes there, "living in perfect peace and amity with the whites" is not large. The New Orleans States complains that: It is perhaps not improper to say that the railroads themselves have been much to blame for some of the resentment among southern colored people against the so-called Jim-Crow car laws. The States provided for separate accommodations for the two races and the higher court upheld the laws based on equality of accommodations. But the railroads have not observed the letter and spirit of the laws. They have provided inferior, in some cases inexcusably objectionable accommodations, and the colored race has had a justifiable ground of protest. Under Government control this, of course, can be corrected. Segregation is for the welfare of the two races in the South. But it ought not to mean that the colored traveler should be relegated to what in many cases is little better than a cattle car. But the New York World is implacable: The Democracy of the South is largely a Jim-Crow Democracy. Nothing else matters much. To keep the Negro from voting, the Fifteenth Amendment has been nullified. To keep the Negro sober in order that he will work more steadily, the South purposes to fasten Prohibition upon the rest of the country. To keep the Negro out of the white man's railroad cars is a subject that would naturally appeal to the average Southern Democrat. It represents the one political principle to which he consistently adheres. If Jim-Crowism is menaced in any way by the Administration's Railroad Bill, Southern Democracy in Congress can be counted on to join hands with Old Guard Republicanism in the North to hold up the measure, whatever effect delay may have on the winning of the war. Making the world safe for democracy is not half so important as keeping the South safe for Jim-Crowism. THE ANTHONY AMENDMENT. THE Louisville, Ky., Courier-Journal is much depressed: The Southern opponents of the resolution in the House recently knew that the adoption of the amendment will so increase the suffrage of the nation as greatly to minimize the relative sectional power of the South; that the suffrage which it will increase in the South is the black suffrage, for whose suppression the South has stood solid since the days of Reconstruction; that even if in the future, as in the past, the South may be able to suppress the' black vote it must face the inevitable penalty of radical reduction of representation, for the very women who are behind this movement for the ballot have repeatedly and formally announced that one of the objects for which they intend to use the ballot is to see to it that representation shall be based on the number of actual voters, not as now on population. Moreover, since these Southern Congressmen committed the stupendous blunder of voting for the resolution submitting a constitutional amendment for national prohibition they have begun to see new Force Bills meant to vitalize the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Amendments of the Constitution, against which resistance by the South, no longer aided by the Northern Democrats, will be futile. The two Misses Gordon, who have been much petted by northern suffragists, are furious at the prospect of a Federal Amendment. The New Orleans Times-Picayune says: Miss Gordon explained that by a Federal amendment Negro women would be placed on the same par with white women, and that while white men would be willing to club Negro men away from the polls they would not use the club upon black women. "If the white men of the South are not willing to raise their women above the Negro men, then the Federal ballot will not do it," Miss Gordon said impressively. "If the Federal amendment should be ratified I shall have to revise my statement about the polls being proper places for white women, for they will certainly not be, and if the Democrats do force a Federal amendment upon us, they will be no better than Republicans. "Should a Federal amendment be ratified dealing with the suffrage," said Miss Jean Gordon, "then the National Government will supervise our elections, and we shall have the Reconstruction period over again." The Philadelphia livening Telegram supports Miss Gordon's contentions: Moreover, it will be conducive to the integrity of elections when national authority is exercised under the powers which this amendment will grant. The pretexts which have disfranchised so much of the Negro vote in the South will not be permitted to go unnoticed in the case of the Negro woman vote. There has long been needed a Federal supervision in the case of certain elections, and the proposed amendment will bring it. "THE OFFICE BOY." WHILE the editor of the New York * * Times was out the other afternoon, the office boy wrote the usual editorial about the South. He naturally slipped into some contradictions, being inexperienced, but he did about as well as the Times usually does on the subject. First, of course, he dis-canted on the "warm, long-standing affection existing between the white man and the colored." Then, after a short nap, he notes that the South has passed laws: "galling and humiliating to the entire colored population The result has, naturally, been not improved conditions, but bad blood on both sides, relations more strained than before. Neither side was happy." Bracing up, the young gentleman then describes the South as the place where the Negro is blest; for it is there: "by nature and endowment he is most at home, where he is best understood, and in reality best liked, and where his best service and highest happiness lie." After this he describes the North, as the place where the Negro "would not, as in his Southern home, be reminded of his black skin every time he met a policeman, entered a street car, railway station or train, and in a hundred other less conspicuous ways in the course of a day." Next he proceeds further to impress us with the "kindly" and "friendly" collective "attitude of the white people," and tops off the whole thing thus grandly: At the same time, the relations between white employer and colored worker, in a broad, impersonal way, have not been happy. Don't you like that "broad, impersonal" gesture? He probably refers to the twenty-five hundred or more Negroes whom the 238 THE South has lynched in the last quarter-century in a "broad, impersonal way." TRUCKLERS AND TRAITORS. WE have our inner problems as well as outer; one of them is Silas Xavier Floyd, the colored principal of a public school in Augusta, Ga. The Augusta Chronicle thus reports a recent speech of his: Every now and then, you will hear Negroes saying that they have no chance, they have no rights—everything is against them. When colored people talk this way, they mean, as a general thing, that they can't vote, that they can't ride in the same cars with white people on railroad trains, that they must sit behind on the trolley cars, that they must go to the galleries in churches and theatres, etc. Every time I hear a colored man say a thing like that I ask myself this question: "What would he do with the chance if he had it?" A great many rights and privileges are not denied the colored man of the South, and what use is he making of his chances? More things are granted Negroes in the South than are denied them. The right to an education is open to us; we also have the chance to work and the chance to save; nobody hinders us from going into business; nobody objects to our having clean homes to live in; and there is no law against our becoming decent, honorable, re liable and trustworthy citizens. When you think of the small—relatively small—progress the Negro has made in education and in the accumulation of money and property and in the attaining of upright, honorable citizenship, you may well ask: What would the Negro do with other rights and privileges, if he had them? There isn't any law against colored peo ple becoming Christians and joining the church and living Christian lives. And yet how many of them go to church? How many of them are serving, really serving, the Lord? In Georgia, especially in Georgia, there is no reason why the colored man should whine and cry and mourn and lament. I know that our State carries the belt in the record of lynchings, and I know that in some parts of Georgia the Negro is being driven out; but, in spite of all the darkness, there are many signs of light and hope and encouragement for the Negro in our Georgia sky. Mr. Floyd will, doubtless, hold his job, if the white school officials have their way. Also, here's another colored gentleman, ac cording to the Saturday News, a Hopkins ville, Ky., colored paper: Wakefield, principal of the Madisonville CRISIS colored schools, was haled before the United States Circuit Court at Owensboro re cently, where he pleaded guilty to an in dictment charging him with using the mails for immoral purposes. The offence to the people was specifically in writing a letter to a colored hotel keeper in Hopkinsville asking him to make arrangements for a county superintendent in a certain county to meet a colored girl Wakefield is guilty; he says so himself, yet we are informed that he opened his school in Madisonville recently with sang froid, as consummate as if he had been away to preach a funeral of a friend The question that arises should not arise in a civilized community—the question as to why Wakefield should be permitted even to enter a school room again in face of his damnable confession. MISCEGENATION ONC E in a while, like a sun spot, we get glimpses of the flaming hell in the far South, particularly in that part which is so wild against all legitimate interming ling of races. The colored editor of the Austin, Tex., Herald writes in a leader: Recently the editor made a trip in the Brazos bottom, where he spoke in the in terest of prohibition. . . . In many places white men are living openly and outright with Negro women. _ A Negro can hardly rear a respectable girl, especially if she lay any claim to beauty. We have been reliably informed by some of the best men in all Texas, white and colored, that a young Negro man has recently been made to leave his home. His wife, we have also been informed, is now living in the house with the white man who is respon sible for her husband having to leave his home. Another case was brought to our atten tion: it is alleged that a white man rode boldly up to the home of a Negro and offered two hundred dollars to the father of a pretty fourteen-year-old girl for the vir tue of his daughter. When the father pro tested, the scoundrel had the audacity and the unmitigated gall to tell him that he might as well accept the money, for he, the white-faced brute, was going to have the girl or go to h—. He certainly belongs there, and the father should have put him on the first train out, if he himself had to follow on the next train. Many of this class of white men are trustees over Negro schools in many sec tions, and they seek to employ that class of Negro women teachers who will bow their knees to Baal. The best class of Negroes are powerless to remedy these evils. If they raise their voices against this hellish propa ganda, they are called meddlesome and forced to take up their beds and walk. Talk about peonage! There cannot exist a worse condition than herein described. " THE   SLAVE SHIP" After the painting by Joseph N. W. Turner, the celebrated English artist.    Photographed by Baldwin Coolidge from the original in the Boston Museum of Fine Arts John Ruskin writes in "Modern Painters": "I think the noblest sea that Turner has ever painted, and, if so, the noblest certainly ever painted by man, is that of 'The Slave Ship.' .... Purple   and   blue,   the lurid shadows of the hollow breakers are cast upon the mist of night, which gathers cold and low, advancing like the shadow of death upon the guilty ship as it labors amidst the lightning of the sea, its thin masts written upon the sky in lines of blood, girded with condemnation in that fearful hue which signs the sky with horror, and mixes its flaming flood with the sunlight, and, cast far along the desolate heave of the sepulchral waves, incarnadines the multitudinous sea." 239 The Outer Pocket A M a man seventy-six years old, son of a man who was one of the associates" of William Lloyd Garrison, Wendell Phillips, Clarence Lenox Remond, George Thompson of England, Parker Pillsbury, A. T. Foss, Frederick A . Douglass, Sojourner Truth, and the other great anti-slavery leaders, with all of whom I was intimately acquainted when a youth and young man. I was brought up, consequently, free from any prejudices or other feeling towards the colored people, except sympathy and fraternal feelings. When at school I had as seat-mate in the district school, at my request, James Empral, the grandson of Sojourner Truth. I copied the notes and prepared them for the printer, a kindly lady had written them out from time to time from Sojourner's dictation, for the little pamphlet of her life. My father, Samuel L. Hill, kept a station of the "underground railroad," and many of the refugees from slavery were harbored at his house during my youth and forwarded by him and by his hired man and myself on their way to Canada and freedom. When with Mr. Sumner Osgood of West Roxbury recently he loaned me several copies of T he C risis, the first I had ever seen or ever heard of, wonderful to relate, and I would like to continue reading the periodical. Florence, Mass. A rthur G. H ill. Oakland, California. I wish that I could be with the conference and tell them of -the good conduct of the Twenty-fourth Infantry while they were in San Francisco. This entire Infantry was stationed at the Presideo of San Francisco during the entire summer and fall of the Panama-Pacific International Exposition which was held during 1915. The conduct of the Infantry was so very good that the Exposition officials decided to honor the Negro soldiers with a special day, which they called the "Lincoln Day." The exercises were opened by a Military Parade which was led by the entire Twenty-fourth Infantry of Negro soldiers; they were headed by a Negro band and bandmaster, and following these troops were the U. S. Marines, Sailors, Hospital Corps and Cavalry, all white. The Negroes lead the day. I was at the time acting as special feature writer for the Oakland Daily Tribune. 240 I not only reported the affair in the daily paper but for four race papers. Three days previous to the Lincoln Day parade the Twenty-fourth Infantry acted as Special Escort to the "Liberty Bell," which was leaving for its return trip to Philadelphia. The San Francisco Daily Chronicle had a picture of the Twenty-fourth Infantry, and spoke kindly of them. It was also very kind in its remarks when they left San Francisco, saying among other things, that they had all behaved like gentlemen during the many months at the Presideo of San Francisco. You remember that afterward when the Liberty Bell reached Fort Worth, Texas, and a colored child attempted to kiss it, it almost caused a riot. I fear that I shall have to pray all the rest of my days that God will help me forgive the execution of these Negro soldiers, not that I wish to condone for anything they might have done, but because try as I will I cannot but feel that the honor shown them at the P. P. I. E. was too much for the memory of the people of Texas, and thus for escorting the Liberty Bell they paid the price in after years with their lives. I firmly believe that whatever they did in Houston, they were aggravated to do. While San Francisco, with all its mixed population, was a good test of the manhood and honor of these Negro boys, they stood the test and left a clean record behind them. D elilah L. B easley. Aubum, New York. I am sending four dollars by mail. One is for renewal of my subscription to the CRISIS, the other three as the best expression I can give, under the circumstances, of my faith in your efforts toward the advancement of the welfare of our people. I am a life-termer in Auburn Prison. A year's earning is but four dollars and fifty cents, so you must accept this little mite rather for the spirit that goes with it than for the sum itself. Wishing you all the strength and courage of heart and mind, which you must need for your great task of securing a people's rights, I am, as ever, John Thomas. United STATES constitution Fifteenth Amendment of Fourteenth Amendment The Lynch Law Discrimination THE FUNNY PAGE. The Horizon THE WAR. SECRETARY of War, Newton D. Baker, ^ was scheduled to speak for Fisk University at Philadelphia. He was unable to be present but sent a letter which said: In our training camp at Des Moines, representative young colored men presented themselves for training. They devoted themselves with zeal to the task, and they are now imparting to the men under their charge the military lessons which they themselves learned, but more than this, they are teaching to their fellow-men the principles for which America is in this war— those vital principles of democracy which are the foundation of the hopes of free people. (I Brig.-Gen. Blanding declares that the 370th Infantry, formerly the Eighth Illinois, "are as fine a set of soldiers as I ever hope to command. Their work along military lines as well as their personal conduct has been beyond reproach. Forty-nine privates and non-commissioned officers have been given commissions. C Forty-one colored cadets from the Tenth Cavalry and Twenty-fourth Infantry will be trained at Camp Stanley, San Antonio, Texas. Thirty other cadets are expected. C Thirty-one colored cadets are among the 934 students of the Officers' Training School opened at Camp Upton, L. I. They are from the 367th Infantry, the 351st Machine Gun Battalion, and other units. (I Three or more colored cadets are among those assigned to the Officers' Training School at Camp Grant, Ill. C Forty-eight colored cadets have been selected at Camp Logan, Tex., for training as officers. C At Camp Stewart, Newport News, Va., are the First Separate Maryland Infantry with 150 men and 3 officers. They now form Company I, of the 372d Infantry; the Ninth Separate Battalion of Ohio, with sixteen colored officers, including one Major; the First Separate Battalion of the District of Columbia, with thirteen colored officers; Company L of the Massachusetts Sixth Infantry, which is fully equipped; the colored Separate Company G of Nashville, Tenn., now form Company K of the 372d Infantry, all of whose officers are colored. (I A t Camp Meade, Maryland, all the noncommissioned officers are colored and have been promoted from the ranks. A com manding officer has said that the colored troops have put the white troops to shame by their splendid spirit. These troops will form the 351st Field Artillery. (I There are no colored commissioned officers at Camp Gordon, Atlanta, Ga. There are six colored Y. M . C. A . men and several non-commissioned officers. Only twenty-five per cent of the colored men are illiterate. The officers declare that the colored troops are the most apt men in the camp. Examining and Exemption Boards have sent up numbers of colored men who never should have been passed. (I A t Camp Funston, Kan., there is a building for colored Catholic soldiers, but open to all men. It has a library and amusements. William H . James is in charge. C Robert A. J. Shaw has been made Judge-Advocate at Camp Logan, Tex., where the former Eighth Illinois is stationed. (L One hundred Negroes are in a second Officers' Training Camp opened at San Juan, Porto Rico. C In an examination of thirty-seven men drafted for the Army at Charleston, W. Va., Sherman Green, a colored man, was pronounced physically the best man. The percentage of illiteracy among the colored recruits was less than among the whites. C B. W. Kirk, of Chicago, Ill., has been promoted to a first class mechanic in the U. S. Navy. C John E. Green, military attache to the American Legation, Monrovia, Liberia, has been promoted to Major by the War De partment. d In the French Army there are two colored Generals, four Colonels, one hundred and fifty-five Captains, and numerous Lieu tenants. C At Camp Sherman, Chillicothe, Ohio, there are 3,600 colored men. They are divided into nineteen companies. Fifty-five of the line officers are colored. The motto of the camp is "Only one color and that is olive-drab." One hundred picked men were organized into a bayonet class. Sergeant E. G. Roundtree, a colored man, was espe cially commended for excellent work. The instructor was an English officer. C[ Al l of the colored units in the National Guard, including the companies mentioned above, the Fifteenth New York Infantry, THE HORIZON now in France, and the former Eighth Illinois Regiment will all be assigned to the Ninety-third Division, which will be a fighting unit like the Ninety-second. It will differ, however, in having several colored field officers in addition to line officers. C Fisk University has in the National Army 1 Major, 1 Adjutant, 5 Captains, 11 First-Lieutenants, 3 Second-Lieutenants, 7 Sergeants, 5 Corporals, 23 Privates, and 5 Y. M . C. A . Secretaries. There are sixty-one stars on its Service Flag. The income of Fisk University during 1917, was $64,609; the expenditures, $72,685. The total plant is inventoried as worth $396,610. The total endowment funds amount to $251,087. C Camp Hill is a camp for stevedores and laborers. Three to five regiments are there all the time living in tents. Two regiments —the 301st and 302nd—have been sent to France. No tobacco or sweaters or other comforts have been supplied these men. INDUSTRY. THE National League on Urban Condi tions among Negroes, in a conference held in New York City, has made these excellent suggestions: We would ask the American Federation of Labor, in organizing Negroes in the va rious trades, to include: (1) Skilled as well as unskilled workmen; (2) Northern as well as Southern workmen; (3) Govern ment as well as civilian employees; (4) Women as well as men workers. We would have Negro labor handled by the American Federation of Labor in the same manner as white labor: (1) When workmen are returning to work after a successful strike; (2) When shops are declared "open" or "closed"; (3) When Union workers apply for jobs. We would have these assurances pledged not with words only, but by deeds—pledged by an increasing number of examples of groups of Negro workmen given a "square deal." C The United Brothers of Friendship, Houston, Tex., have finished payment on a $50,000 building. (I The National Council of Women, which met at Washington, D. C , on motion of Mrs. Mary Church Terrell passed a resolution favoring the opening of all trades and pursuits to colored women. The motion was made after the Resolutions Committee had repeatedly refused to consider it. C. Colored men are being employed as section hands on the Southern Pacific Railroad. There is one colored foreman, William H. Payne, at the San Joaquin Station. (I Five years ago colored messenger boys in Atlanta, Ga., were replaced by white boys. Thirty Negro boys have now been made messengers, and such white boys as care to are working with them. C Colored women as well as men are being employed in the saw-mill district of North Mobile, Ala. They are being paid $1.25 a day. O G. W. Tupper, Immigration Secretary of the Y. M. C. A. for New England, told the National Association of Cotton Manufacturers that at least 500,000 laborers would return to Europe immediately after the war. C In Chicago, Ill., three colored women have been placed in charge of newsstands on the elevated railroad stations in the Loop District. (I Five colored women have been appointed to the Quartermaster's Depot, Chicago, Ill., as garment inspectors. C The West India Labor Union has held a meeting on the Canal Zone, attended by three hundred persons, in which they discussed the general condition of the Negro race. C The Atlas Theatre of Spartanburg, S. C , a colored moving picture house, has been destroyed by fire. C Out of three thousand employees of the Commonwealth Steel Plant in Boston, Mass., fifteen hundred are Negroes. They receive from $4.50 to $5.00 per day. C It is estimated that the colored people of New York City control about twenty million dollars worth of real estate. Of this, St. Phillips' Church owns $1,500,000 and Mme. C. J. Walker $350,000. Some twenty millions more of Negro money is deposited in saving banks, but neither these banks nor the trust companies will usually loan money on Negro real estate. C The Mutual Savings Bank, Inc., in Portsmouth, Va., a colored institution, has been designated a government depository. C The American International Shipbuilding Corporation, operating at Hog Island Yard, Philadelphia, has a force of sixteen thousand men, eight thousand of whom are Negroes. (I The Nineteenth annual report of the North Carolina Mutual and Provident Association shows that it has $12,000,000 worth of insurance in force and assets of THE CRISIS $350,000. The income for 1917 was $625, 000. It paid in claims $240,000 last year. MUSIC AND ART. BY AN' BY" and "I Want to Be Ready," two Negro Spirituals arranged by H. T. Burleigh, were sung by Mme. Alma Gluck at her annual Boston, Mass., concert on January 27, at Symphony Hall. ([ Coleridge-Taylor's "Viking Song" was the opening number on the program recently given at a Red Cross benefit musicale at the Executive Mansion, Albany, N. Y., by invitation of Mrs. Whitman, wife of the Governor. (I William H. Richardson, baritone, and Maud Cuney Hare gave the concert program January 27 at the Ford Hall Forum, Boston, Mass. d A t the thirty-ninth annual meeting of the Music Teachers' Association, held in New Orleans, La., there was an address on "Creole Songs" by Emilie Le Jeune, with singing by Mrs. Edouard May. Walter Goldstein read a paper on "The Natural Harmony and Rhythmic Sense of the Negro." C The Modern Gallery, 500 Fifth Avenue, New York City, is exhibiting fifty pieces of West African Negro sculpture. They rep resent sentiment, folk-lore, and myth, and show great skill in handling. (I Lillian Evans, of Washington, D. C , has been singing at Tuskegee, Philadelphia, and elsewhere. In Philadelphia she appeared at the thirteenth annual concert of the People's Choral Society under the direction of F. H. Clark. (I An extensive collection of carved ivory from the Mangbetu Negroes of Africa is on exhibition at the American Museum of Na tural History, New York City. The collection consists of images, fetiches, war trumpets, musical instruments, cups, bracelets, hair ornaments, weapons, boxes, and many other articles carved by these primitive peoples, with primitive tools. As a whole the carvings show such tech nical perfection as to suggest the use of the lathe and other modern tools. Yet all of the work is done with native iron tools of primitive simplicity, d A concert was given in Jordan Hall, Boston, Mass., by the N. A. A. C. P. Lillian Evans, soprano; Clarence C. White, violin ist, and Harry T. Burleigh took part. (T Mr. C. C. Clark, a colored baritone, sings for the Columbia Graphophone Company, and has his photograph in their new catalog. d Mme. Francis Alda of the Metropolitan Opera House, assisted by one thousand troopers of the 367th colored Infantry of Camp Upton, gave a concert at the Manhattan Opera House, January 20. The proceeds of the fund were given to erect an auditorium with a seating capacity of five thousand persons at the camp., O A patriotic concert was given at the City Auditorium, Lynchburg, Va., in honor of two hundred young drafted men who leave soon for Camp Lee. Music was rendered by a public school chorus, and fifteen minute addresses were made. SOCIAL PROGRESS. THE COLORED WOMEN'S LEAGU E has opened a club-house on Wethers-field Avenue, Hartford, Conn., which they hope to make a community center. C The Colored Carnegie Library, Houston, Tex., reports an expenditure of $2,423 during the past year. C A t Ellicott City, Md., Joseph Holland, a colored farm-hand, rescued his white employer's six-year-old daughter from drowning while skating. He was rewarded with a gold watch and fifty dollars in cash. C Four thousand colored people with four brass bands paraded in Mobile, Ala., under the Mobile Emancipation Association. For the first time in the history of the city Lyric Theatre was open to them, and the principal address was delivered by Emmett J. Scott, special assistant to the Secretary of War. (I Pledges amounting to $27,894 have been raised for the Wheatley-Provident Hospital in Kansas City, Mo. Three donations of one thousand dollars each were given by William Volker, Charles W. Armour, New Era Lodge number forty, Knights of Pythias; the percentage from Tag Day collections amounted to $1,512; the Kansas City Railway Company contributed five thousand dollars, and there were twenty-four pledges between one and five hundred dollars. It is planned to dedicate the building in April. C Hampton has defeated Howard in basket-ball, 21—18. C The colored branch of the Y. M. C. A. in Pittsburgh, Pa., has purchased a site 113x 165 feet, at the northwest corner of Center Avenue and Francis Street, for a $100,000 structure. G The people of Lynchburg, Va., subscribed $41,500 to the two Liberty Loans. Miss Georgia Whitten took $12,500 and Mr. A. Humbles $5,500, the Knights of Pythias $500, and the People's Undertaking Company $2,600. C The Negro Reformatory Association of Virginia has cared for 250 boys during the last three years. It has a farm of 1,800 acres on which it raises large crops. G The contract for the colored Spring Street Branch of the Y. M. C. A. at Columbus, Ohio, has been let. The building will be at the corner of Fifth and Spring Streets and will cost, including equipment and site, $115,000. Colored artisans will be employed. C The Hospital for the Insane at Nashville, Tenn., is being remodeled. A Negro building of three stories will furnish ac commodation for three hundred patients, and a tuberculosis building will care for sixty colored patients. C Eight hundred colored longshoremen in New Orleans, La., voted membership in the American Red Cross Society at a recent meeting. C One hundred delegates, representing the colored women's clubs of Southern California, with nearly a thousand members, have met in Los Angeles. On invitation they joined in a body the State Council of Defense. C The Phi Alpha Psi has been formed by Negroes at the University of Chicago, which is the first fraternity of Negroes to be formed at this institution. G Among the beneficiaries of the Council of Social Agencies, Cincinnati, Ohio, are the Colored Girls' Home, three hundred and seventy-five dollars, and the Negro Civic Welfare Committee, two hundred dollars. G During the recent Red Cross membership campaign nearly ten thousand Negroes of Baltimore, Md., joined the movement. In the last Liberty Loan campaign they subscribed for one million dollars worth of bonds. C The Farmers' Progressive Association has been established among colored farmers at Pine Bluff, Ark. Many of the farmers are receiving farm loans from the Government. H. L. Jordan is president, W. O. Fields, secretary. G By the will of Marion A. Blackiston $5,000 will go to The House of St. Michael for Colored Crippled Children, Philadelphia. By the will of Mrs. Sarah E. Whitten bequests were made to Hampton, Tuskegee, and Virginia Normal Institutes. G President Wilson has asked for laws enabling Filipinos to enter the National Guard. G Night-riders in Brooks County, Ga., are leaving notes at the homes of Negro farm-tenants advising them to leave the place, and many Negroes have left. Governor Dorsey has offered a reward for the capture of the night-riders. G The people of St. Thomas, Virgin Islands, have celebrated their entrance into U . S. citizenship by a series of festivities. There were a parade, athletic sports, and a concert. Governor Oliver and his staff took part. C Colored women of Kansas City, Kan., are sewing and knitting for the Red Cross in several different organizations. The schools are also co-operating. The colored girls employed at the packing plants to the number of 280 are devoting their noon hours to knitting. G The colored Knights of Pythias of New Orleans, La., held a jubilee to celebrate the freeing of their $200,000 temple from debt. The building is a seven-story structure, modern and fire-proof, 64 x 101 feet. The Mayor of the city was among the speakers. C Two hundred and thirty colored orphans have been removed from the Howard Orphanage at Kings Park, L. I., and the institution closed on account of lack of coal. Many of the children were frost-bitten, and two had to have their feet amputated. G The colored people voted the Republican Party into office in the city of Louisville, Ky., and in return the Republicans proposed a Jim-Crow street car ordinance. The N. A. A. C. P. Branch fought the proposal and it was withdrawn. G The Ruth L. Bennett Improvement Club of Chester, Pa., has during the last year donated 223 articles of clothing to the poor, assisted twenty children, made a house-tohouse canvass of immigrant laborers, purchased chairs and sewing machines for one of the schools, launched a "clean-up" week, and sent eighty-nine of its members to the polls at the recent registration of women. G At Youngstown, Ohio, a fund of $100,000 246 TH E CRISIS has been subscribed by business men to establish homes for colored girls and for unmarried colored men. C The St. Louis Branch of the N. A. A. C. P. has raised over $4,000 for the refugees and riot fund, and has $1,000 still in the treasury. It needs more money and has a long fight before it in securing damages for the victims and the release of Dr. Bundy. Interested persons may write to the N. A. A. C. P., 70 Fifth Avenue, New York City. (1 The Louisville Branch of the N . A : A . C. P. has raised $1,995 in the last year to fight segregation and Jim-Crow cars and to contribute to the Anti-lynching fund. EDUCATION. HOWARD UNIVERSITY has organized a class in wireless telegraphy under Professor Harold D. Hatfield. C By the will of Zenas Crane, late of Dalton, Mass., Tuskegee and Hampton Institutes receive five thousand dollars each. C Virginia Normal Industrial Institute is now an accredited Normal School of the State, and is thus placed on a par with the white normal schools. J. M. Gandy is president. C Morgan College is asking for $250,000 to develop its new site on Hillen Road, in the suburbs of Baltimore. It is one of the finest school sites in the country. C J. H. Garvin, who has been supervisor of the colored schools of Winchester, Ky., for twenty-four years, has resigned. C The Board of Education of Savannah, Ga., increased five dollars a month the sal aries of all teachers who receive seventy dollars or less. As only one Negro teacher, the manual training teacher, receives more than this amount the wages of all the colored teachers will be increased. After July 1, 1918, colored teachers will receive from $40 to $80 per month and white teach ers from $55 to $105 per month. C The colored people of Baltimore are again complaining against their inadequate school facilities. A new high school has been needed for a long time. They are now asking for two colored' assistant superin tendents. C The average annual amount paid colored school teachers in North Carolina in 1915 16, was $155.80. There are 2,356 country school houses of which 557 have modern school furniture. (T The Maryland Colored Teachers Association has sent an interesting document to the Governor showing that twenty-five years ago their average monthly salary was $24.05, the average cost of board $8.00, and the average school term 8.72 months. By 1916, the average school term had decreased to 7.83 months, the average salary had risen slightly to $28.08, while the average cost of board had risen to $16.00 per month. C Palmer Memorial Institute at Sedalia, N . C , has lost two buildings by fire. The white people of Greensboro have raised $1,000 toward continuing the work. Contributions may be sent to Mrs. Charlotte Hawkins Brown, founder and principal. C The annual report of the public schools of South Carolina shows an enrollment for 1916-17, of 195,112 white children and 212,828 colored children. Both figures are less than last year. The average attendance for whites was 127,256; for colored 141,004. The value of the white school property was $7,290,408 and the colored schools $764,205. The white pupils had $17.86 each spent upon them and the Negroes $1.89, which is an increase for the whites and a decrease for the Negroes, compared with last year. C A t the annual meeting of the trustees of the Jeanes Fund, President Few of Trinity College of North Carolina, and Bishop Bratton of Mississippi, were made members. Dr. R. R. Moton was made Chairman of the Executive Committee and John T. Emlen Secretary of the Board. The Board maintains 223 rural supervising teachers in 214 counties of Southern States. G The Dunbar Colored High School of Washington, D. C , furnished men during the Spanish-American War both in Cuba and in the Navy. They have furnished officers to the Philippine and Liberian constabularies and to the National Guard. In the present war they are working in the gun factory of the Washington Navy Yard, in the munition plants, in the radio station in Ohio, in the dental and medical corps of the Army, and in the Navy. They also have in the Army 3 Majors, 8 Captains, 28 First-Lieutenants, 10 Second-Lieutenants and 1 Chaplain. Their Service Flag has two hundred stars. THE CHURCH. THE SIMPSON M. E. CHURCH, one *• of the largest colored churches in Indianapolis, Ind., has been burned CI A t the sessions of the Home Mission Council, composed of leading societies of the United States and Canada, Negro Mi gration and Negro Education were treated. President John Hope of Morehouse College was among the speakers. C The Methodist Unification Commission, to consider the union of the Methodist Church and the Methodist Church South, had its third meeting in Savannah, Ga. R. E. Jones and I. Garland Penn are the colored commissioners. C The First Bryan Baptist Church, Savannah, Ga., has celebrated its 130th anniversary. C A building at Fifteenth and Christian Streets, Philadelphia, Pa., seating eight hundred persons has been bought for $20,000 by a congregation of the A. M. E. Zion Church. C The Virginia Baptist State Convention celebrated its fiftieth anniversary last fall by-raising $14,000 of which $10,000 was for education at Virginia Theological Seminary. This institution has recently added three Oberlin graduates to its faculty. C The Bishops of the three colored Methodist Churches met in Louisville, Ky., February 15-16. C Through the liquidation of the property of Avery College, the A. M. E. Zion Church has acquired real estate worth $100,000 in Pittsburgh. This includes school buildings, auditorium, and land. The property will be used for church and social service work. MEETINGS. THRE E mass meetings have recently been held by the colored section of the Maryland Council of National Defense. Governor Harrington, former Governor Goldsborough, Hon. Emmett J. Scott, Dr. Ernest Lyon, John H. Murphy, Dr. John H . Latape, Ida R. Cummings, Minnie L. Gaines, and Public Service Commissioner Towers were speakers. C The twenty-seventh annual meeting of the Interstate Literary Association of Kansas and the West has been held at Kansas City, Kan. Mrs. Willard Dwiggins was elected president. C A convocation for pastors and Christian workers will be held March 20-22 at Howard University, Washington, D. C. The subject for consideration will be "Effective Christianity in the Present World Crisis." C The National Negro Business League will meet in Atlantic City, N . J., next August. G The Republican National Committee has met at St. Louis, Mo. There was only one colored member, Perry Howard, of Mississippi, and he was unseated. 0 The eleventh annual farmers' conference of the Utica N . &amp; I. Institute has met with an attendance of 2,500. (1 The Biennial Moveable Committee of the Odd Fellows will not meet until 1920, according to the decision of the Sub-committee of Management. ([ The eleventh biennial meeting of the National Association of Colored Women will convene in Denver, Colo., July 8-15. C The twenty-seventh annual conference was held at Tuskegee Institute. A large number of educators and farmers were present. C The Omega Psi Phi Fraternity has held its fifth annual convention. The fraternity has 21 First-Lieutenants and 1 Second-Lieutenant in the National Army, and numbers Colonel Charles Young and Professor E. E. Just among its members. Clarence S. Holmes, Jr., is head of the fraternity. PERSONAL. G. W. DAVIS , probably the oldest resi • dent of Louisville, Ky., and a veteran of three wars is dead. C. The Carnegie Hero Fund Commission has given Christopher L. Williams of Dayton, Ohio, a bronze medal and five hundred dollars for saving a four-year-old girl from death in a runaway accident last August. Mr. Williams is a professional boxer. C Joe Hagerman, an old-time colored minstrel, is dead in San Francisco, Cal. C Dr. L. Z. Johnson has been added to the faculty of Howard University as instructor of public speaking, succeeding Dr. Francis J. Gregory, who resigned to enter the Y . M. C. A. war work. C Dr. Benoni Price Hurst, son of Bishop Hurst of Baltimore, Md., and a graduate of Amherst and Harvard has been elected Professor of Hygiene and Preventative Medicine in the Medical School of Howard University. O Butler W. Nance and N. J. Frederick have been appointed notaries public in Columbia, S. C , by Governor Manning. (T James Simons, said to be the heaviest •man in the world, died recently in Phila TH E CRISIS delphia. He was thirty-seven years of age and weighed eight hundred pounds. G The Rev. Dr. B. P. Seaton, the oldest active minister of the Baltimore A. M. E. Conference, is dead at Lincoln, Md. He was born in 1835. C Captain William R. Spencer, who organized the First Separate Company of Maryland, thirty-six years ago, has been promoted to a Major. He is in command of the Third Battalion, 372nd Regiment Infantry, at Camp Stewart, Newport News, Va. C Mr. Herbert Wright, formerly U. S. Con-, sul to Puerto Cabella, Venezuela, is now practising law in Des Moines, Iowa. He has just been chosen secretary of an army club which has a club-house for colored soldiers at Des Moines, under the War Recreation Board. From 800 to 1,000 people visit the entertainments. G Dr. E. F. Aarons, Jr., a graduate of Knoxville and Meharry, made the highest mark in the examination for a commission in the Medical Reserve Corp of the National Army at Fort Barrancas, Fla. He was the only colored applicant. C The January number of the American Magazine has an article by Bert Williams, the celebrated comedian, fj Minna Bell Wallace, of Cleveland, stood highest in a class of accident nursing and minor surgery over thirty white competitors, and has secured a position with Dr. A. W. Binckley of the Industrial Commission of Ohio. G The Rev. Mr. Howard A. M. Briggs, a white man, has become president of Straight College in New Orleans, La. He is a graduate of Williams College and Union Theological Seminary, and has taken courses in education at New York University and the Harvard Summer School, d The parents of the late Richard Lonsdale Brown write us that they are living at Muskogee, Okla, and that the young artist died at their home and under their care. (I The necrology for the month includes: Dr. A. A. Wyche, a prominent physician of Charlotte, N. C.; Rev. Mr. John Moore of Western Kentucky, who had been in the ministry for more than fifty years; George L. Williams, the only Negro on the detective force of Philadelphia, who was shot in the performance of duty; Patsy Joiner, who for many years had kept a popular market stand in Norfolk, Va„ William Joshua Andrews, a well-known citizen of Sumter, S. C , whose biography appeared in the February, 1917, C risis; Hunter C. Haynes, who originated the Haynes razor strop and was a popular restauranteur in New York City. (I Archie Ridley, a grandson of the late Judge George L. Ruffln of Boston, is Captain of the Brookline High School Swimming Team. C F. L. Morton, Assistant District Attorney of New York City, has had his salary raised to $4,000. He has been given a public dinner by his friends. C In Hopkinsville, Ky., George Leavell has been named by the City Commissioners as assessor for Negro property; Peter Morgan was reappointed sexton at Cave Spring Cemetery. G Pauline Dempsey and Anthony Byrd are colored players in the Metro film "The Eyes of Mystery," which features Edith Storey. C James Grant, a Canadian Negro soldier of St. Catherines, Ont., has been given the Military Cross for taking a gun through a critical place which was heavily shelled by the Germans. He is a member of the 49th Battery. G For the first time that Negroes were permitted to enter the contests, Mrs. J. E. D. Wood with her classes won nine premiums at the Com and Tobacco Fair in Maysville, Ky. Mrs. Wood is a teacher in the city schools. FOREIGN. GUATEMALA CITY, Central America, with a population, mostly colored, of 120,000 people has been partially destroyed by an earthquake which killed over a thousand people and injured several thousand others. G The "Voice of the People," the organ of the Accra Union, has begun publication on the Gold Coast, West Africa. G In 1917 Meharry Medical College, Nashville, Tenn., graduated five native African physicians, representing the Veys, the Fin-goes, the Zulus, and the Yaos. C India has a territory of one and three quarter million square miles, of which a little over a million are under the direct rule of the British and the rest divided among the dependent native States. The British territory has 244,000,000 people and the native States 71,000,000. There are 238,000,000 Hindus and 67,000,000 Mohammedans. Fifty thousand students are en rolled in college and only about seven per cent of the population can read and write in the British territories. In the native States education is more general. The average annual income of an Indian is from seven to ten dollars, while his taxation amounts to $1.50 a year. G Conferences on " The Future of the African Colonies" -and "International Control" have been held in London by the Anti-Slavery and Aborigines Protection Society. Among the speakers have been Sir Harry Johnston, Sir T. V. F. Buxton and Lord Sheffield. C It is reported that 177 miles of new roads at a cost of less than $300 a mile are being laid by the native Haitian gendarmaerie under American officers. C As usual, the colored man was present: When Ambassador Francis defended the American Embassy against the Petrograd mob, it was his colored servant who brought him his revolver. GHETTO. WHIT E people of Baltimore, Md., have *™ been trying for some time to keep Morgan College from occupying a new and beautiful site in the suburbs. Recently they have sought to keep the college from selling a seventy-acre tract of land for residences for colored people. The Circuit Court has refused to restrain the college. The case will be taken to the Court of Appeals, and even a bill in the Legislature is threatened. C Forty women have been appointed to clerkships in the Pittsburgh Post-Office, but three colored women who stood seventh, twen ty-first, and thirty-second were passed over. C J. L. Wilmeth, a white Arkansan, was appointed by Secretary McAdoo to investi gate the Government Printing Office. As a result he has been made head of the office, has secured an order from President Wilson setting aside Civil Service requirements, has dismissed forty colored girls who got their positions by competitive examination, and has appointed fifty white women without examination! C A proposed amendment to the Constitution of the United States to appeal or modify the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Amendments to the Constitution has been intro duced into the Mississippi Legislature. CT In a case brought against the Olympic Theatre, Buffalo, N. Y., for refusing to honor orchestra seats sold colored people, the complainants won, G The New York Court of Appeals has reversed the judgment for $224 against a New York saloon-keeper for discriminating against a colored customer. The Court denied that a saloon comes under the definition of "utilities, facilities, and agencies created and operated for the common advantage, aid, and benefit of the people." G The Court of Appeals of the State of Maryland still has under consideration a case arising out of the segregation laws. In March, 1916, the Court postponed decision because of the case pending before the Supreme Court. C William L. White, an electrician, and his sister of New York City, were riding in the Jim-Crow car between Birmingham and Chattanooga. Drunken white soldiers entered and refused to leave at the request of the conductor. When Mr. White asked them to stop swearing before his sister both he and the woman were painfully beaten and are now in the hospital. Not a single white paper in Chattanooga mentioned the inci dent. C East St. Louis, Ill as adopted the commission form of government. Damages to the amount of $700,000 have been filed against the city on account of the riot. C At Columbia, S. C , James Davenport, colored, stole a bicycle and was sentenced to three years at hard labor. Clarence Gould, white, stole an automobile and was sentenced to thirty days in the County jail. Both were tried by the same judge and on the same day. G At Houston, Tex., a white waiter was fined twenty-five dollars and costs for the illicit sale of liquor to soldiers. Four Negroes, for the same offense, were fined by the same judge $225 each. C Alex Stephens, a colored merchant in Jacksonville, Fla., was shot to death by a white butcher, because he complained against the quality and quantity of his meat. C Twenty-five colored laborers at the Pitts burgh, Pa., Model Machine Company, "walked out" when an offending "Tim- Crow" sign was not removed. G Forty more Negroes are to be tried for the Houston, Tex., riot, February 12. C Hazelhurst, Miss., January 17.—Sam Edwards, burned to death, charged with murder of Vera Willes, seventeen-year-old white girl. standard life Completes Your Life-Line insurance company MAKE YOUR WILL A few days after your death and at a time when your wife is least able to use her good judgment and to consider anything unemotionally, she will receive a check from us—as an evidence of your present forethought and unselfishness. You will not be here to direct her what to do. But in the same way that you are providing for those dark days ahead of her and the children, by insuring your life, you can give her advice and direction now by Making Your Will. Put into writing, clearly and definitely just what you want done to protect the estate which you have labored so hard to accumulate. Simplify your business affairs by telling her all about them and by putting in writing the most perplexing ones. Make the administration of your affairs simple to her. Preserve the estate you have created by directing its disposition, as nearly as it is humanly possible, after your death. Depend as little as you can on an Executor or an Administrator or a Guardian. Do not leave so much to the discrimination of the Guardian of the future welfare of your loved ones. In New York State alone, over forty-six per cent of the guardians who qualify under the revised laws do not make a proper accounting for the funds entrusted to their care. The same is true in nearly every state. It is more true particularly of colored people. Many a colored child has been robbed of his inheritance by the improper Administration of its parents' estate, on the part of some white Administrator, Executor, or Guardian. It is frequently said that whenever a wealthy Negro dies all that he has belongs to a white man. Let us help to change this condition. Give your child the start in life that your success entitles him to. Everyone of you men who read this advertisement, if you have not done so. go home and Make Your Will. Consult a good Lawyer about it. Make your wife your Executor and give her full freedom to carry out your wishes. She will take care of your children, you may be sure. Because her judgment may not be as good as yours, simplify your affairs by putting everything possible in writing and directing her what to do. Make your Life Insurance payable to her. Do not make your Life Insurance payable to minor children because a Guardian becomes necessary to collect it for those children. But above everything else. Make Your Will, and do it according to the laws of the Stale in which you live. STANDARD LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY Home Office ATLANTA, GEORGIA Mention the crisis iy ™g  Tmrirn'r iirim'T' r"i mriiri • ' '"" """ ' ' "'""j SOUTHERN AID SOCIETY OF VIRGINIA, Inc. Sells Insurance That Protects UiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiitiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiM | |1|II  Insurance that covers the whole field of life's emergencies in one policy: Sickness, Accident and Death, and perpetual in payments for disabilities.  Of all investments that of insurance is the safest, because it pays at the crucial moment—it is not subject to the money market or the rise and fall of stocks and bonds; but pays promptly upon the death of each policy holder. Then why not select the best that is to be had—a policy that pays every week with Southern Ai d Society of Va., Inc.? Also owning and operating the Va. Beneficial &amp; Insurance Co., Inc., at Norfolk, Va. Read a few testimonials from the thousands that are on file at home  office in Richmond, Va. DREW $217.50 SICK BENEFITS and $500.00 DEATH CLAIM |1I Richmond, Va., July 2, 1917.  T o Who m It May Concern:  This is to certify that my wife, Mrs. Lelia V . James, 1104 Chaffin Street, was a member of Southern Ai d Society of Va., Inc., for six and one-half years. During this time, she was sick on several occasions and whenever she reported her illness to the Society, she received her sick dues promptly. Her last illness extended from the latter part of November, 1916, to June, 1917. The Society sent her money to her bedside each week, from December 6, 1916, to June 6, 1917, and at her death paid over to me the Death Claim of $500.00. I take pleasure in recommending the Southern Ai d Society of Va., Inc., to anyone who wants a sure policy of protection all through life. Respectfully yours, GEORG E [AMES , Husband. CLARENC E JAMES , Witness. $500.00 DR. THOS. A. STEVENS' DEATH CLAIM 1007 Sixth St., Lynchburg, Va. Southern Ai d Society of Va., Inc., February 10, 1917. Richmond, Va. Gentlemen: Kindly accept my sincere thanks for your check of $500.00 in full payment of death claim of my husband, Dr. Thomas A. Stevens, who died February 6, 1917. The above named check was delivered to me Thursday, February 8, 1917, by your superintendent, Mr. R. D. Burton. I shall always speak in the highest terms of your company, and pray God's blessings upon the work. Respectfully, MRS . THOMA S A. STEVENS . Southern Ai d Society of Virginia, Inc. 1HOM E OFFICE: 527 N . 2nd St., Richmond, Va .  District offices and agencies in all the principal cities of the State. INSURES AGAINS T SICKNESS, ACCIDENT AN D DEATH . A. D . PRICE, President.B. L. JORDAN , Asst. THOS. M . CRUMP, Secretary.  Secretary. iiiiiiiiiHiiiiniiiiiiiinninrmnnnnitrTiiiitTirnnnrijrmiiiniiiniiiiH n miniimiiMmii»iiniiiiiiiinnilM»inmmillllllllllllllllllinillllllllllllllfl]limiliniimi[ni[[mimmninni[minninninnitm Mention The Crisis OWN A HOMESTEAD ORCHARD-ESTATE AND BE INDEPENDENT! "Wouldn't you like to own a high grade orchard estate that could be cultivated and taken care of for you WITHOUT ANY EXPENDITURE OF TIME OR EFFORT ON YOUR PART, and that could he made to earn HANDSOME YEARL Y PROFITS for a great many years? A place that you could feel MIGHTY PROUD OF, and where you could some day make your future home, should you so desire? A place that would he a REA L ASSET IN EVER Y RESPECT, where you know your money would he SAFELY INVESTED and in a way that would earn you LARGE RETURNS? Almost every intelligent, ambitious human being has, at some time or other, had that longing, and we are sure that YO U have had it also A HOMESTEAD-ORCHARD— ESTATE OFFERS YOU THAT VERY OPPORTUNITY! It is now possible for a LIMITED NUMBER OF PEOPLE IN EACH CITY to secure a tract of land (one acre or more) in a large, high grade commercial apple orchard. AND HAVE THEIR LAND FULLY DEVELOPED, CULTIVATED AND TAKEN CARE OF BY THIS COMPANY, while the owners stay at home and so right ahead with their business or profession or whatever work they may be doing. DO YOU REALIZE WHAT THAT MEANS? It means that if YO U act soon enough and are fortunate enough to secure one of these orchard estates, you will have a place of which YO U will be the SOLE OWNER, and which will earn you handsome yearly returns for perhaps forty or fifty years, WITHOUT REQUIRING A BIT OF TIME OR EFFORT ON YOUR PART! YOU own the land and W E do all the work. The price per acre INCLUDES the cost of ALL the work FOR FOUR YEARS , and after that we can go right on taking care of it for you as long as you want us to, for a small percentage of your profits. Lack of space here prevents us from publishing all the details of this proposition, but if you are really interested and would like to know all the particulars about Homestead Orchard, what and where it is. the money-making possibilities of a commercial apple orchard, etc., simply fill out and mail us the attached coupon, and all the information will he gladly and promptly sent to you. TH E PRIC E IS REASONABLE AND THE TERMS ARE EASY. DON'T FORGET THAT HOMESTEAD ORCHARD WAS FIRST INTRODUCED OYER A YEAR AGO AND THAT A BIG PART OF IT HAS ALREADY BEEN SOLD. MANY PEOPLE MADE SPECIAL TRIPS THERE TO INVESTIGATE EVERYTHING LAST SUMMER AND THAT IS WHY THE DEMAND IS SO GREAT. Bear in mind also, that the number of acres in the tract is LIMITED, and NOT NEAR ENOUGH TO SUPPLY THE DEMAND. It is simply a case of FIRST COME—FIRST SERVED. Send for full par r ticulars NOW and make up your mind AFTERWARD. Address: THE SWAN-ARENSON REALTY &amp; DEVELOPMENT CO. 19 S. LA SALLE ST. CHICAGO ILLINOIS The Swan-Arenson Realty &amp; Dev'pt. Co., 19 S. LaSalle St., Chicago, Ill. Gentlemen:— Without any obligations on my part you may send me full particulars about your Homestead Orchard Offer. Name Address Town State , Mention TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 253 THE DISGRACE OF DEMOCRACY A n Open Letter to President Wilson By KELLY MILLER " The ablest document the war has yet produced in the United States."—H. L. Menchen, Editor Smart Set. " With this document the Negro problem is no longer a vague futurity. The Negro question has arrived."— New York Globe. • • AGENTS WANTED EVERYWHERE. Price, 10 cents a copy Terms to agents, 5 cents a copy OVER 50,000 COPIES ALREADY DISTRIBUTED Address:—KELLY MILLER, Howard University, WASHINGTON. D. C. Atlanta University Studies of the Negro Problems 19 Monographs Sold Separately Address ATLANTA UNIVERSITY CONFERENCE ATLANTA UNIVERSITY :: ATLANTA, GA. Th e Curse of Race Prejudice By James F. Morton, Jr., A. M. An aggressive exposure by an Anglo-Saxon champion of equal rights. Startling facts and crushing arguments. 'Fascinating reading. A necessity for clear understanding and up-to-date propaganda. Belongs in the library of every friend of social justice. Price 25 cents. Send order to JAMES F. MORTON, JR. 211 West 138th Street •:• New York, N. Y. $25.00 PER WEEK may be made in commissions by parties handling "History of Negro Soldiers in Spanish-American War" combined with "History of the Negro Race." 400 pages, 50 illustrations. Price $1.25 net Address: E. A. JOHNSON 154 Nassau Street NEW YORK Have You Read "Morning Meditations and Other Selections9 By Bishop R. A. Carter, A.M., D.D.? If you have not, send for a copy today. It is a book for thoughtful pastors. It is a storehouse of good things for aspiring young men and women. The book contains the choicest of the Bishops' sermons and addresses delivered to colleges, secret societies, General Conferences, etc. The sermons to the Odd Fellows and Knights of Pythias on their thanksgiving occasions have been pronounced by competent critics masterly expositions of the principles of these orders. You will enjoy reading "Dreams and Dreamers," "The Universal Law for Stars and Souls," "The Three Downward Steps in The Ministry." More than 200 pages beautifully bound in cloth. Now in its second edition. Price $1.25 a copy. Agents wanted. Liberal terms to the right persons. Order from Bishop R. A. Carter 398 Auburn Avenue, ATLANTA, GA. Mention The Crisis. SALESMEN WANTED AGENTS WANTED SALES LADIES WANTED PROF. KELL Y MILLER, $200 per month being made, working full time. $10 per day Dean Howard University. being made with spare time, selling Kelly Miller's new "Progress of the Colored People." Teachers, ministers, students, widows, wives with spare time, anyone can make $1.oo per hour. IT IS THE BIGGEST SELLER YOU EVER SAW. Everybody buys. Kelly Miller's books are in great demand. You should not miss having this book yourself. We mail it for $1.95, postage at our expense. SATISFACTION GUARANTEED , or money promptly refunded. It is easy to sell. Write quick for agents' proposition, a big circular and other people's opinions FREE . Act to-day; state whether you wish agents' terms. • AUSTIN JENKINS CO. A GREAT LEADER. 523 Ninth Street Washington, D. C. Agents Wanted to sell agreatepic poem to  Lady Hon. Frederick Douglass Wanted: Young Historical and Epigramatic. Absorbing in interest; Stenographer Inspiring in effect; Epic in subject and replete with incident. One Hundred and Eight Verses—Illustrated. De Luxe Edition $1.00. Write for terms. Enclose a 3c stamp. By Dr. M. A. Majors, 4714 Slate St., Chicago, ILL. THE NEGRO IN AMERICAN HISTORY Contains 296 Pages, 85 Chapters, Historical and Biographical, 17 Full Page Illustrations Printed on Fine Antique Book, Bound in Full Green Extra Cloth, Gold Title on Front Cover and Shelf Back. Price, net $1.25. Postage Prepaid $1.40. Order through any bookseller or direct from the author. Address JOHN W. CROMWELL 1439 Swann St. Washington, D. C. Papers, Magazines, Race Books, Post Cards, Calend ars, Visiting Cards, Hair For Pomade, Hair Tonic, Face Creams, Face Powders, Alcohol Stoves. See G. EMMETT LEWIS 24 Gay Street Stamford, Conn. Mail Orders Promptly Attended To HOTEL WASHINGTON First-Class Service for First-Class People 3427 South Park Avenue, Chicago, ILL. For particulars, address The Royal Fraternal Association Box 371, Charlotte, N. C. Beautiful Idlewild The most wonderfully Ideal spot where young and old cast aside for the time all the cares and worries of their strenuous, nerve racking routine lives and romp and play once more as children and enjoy to the full nature In all her wondrous glory. The waters of the lake and surrounding trout streams are fairly teeming with game fish of the best varieties. Do you enjoy bathing, boating. Ashing, hunting? Do you enjoy roaming through the woods picking wild Mowers and wild berries? Do you want a place to go where you can build up your health, vitality, energy and business efficiency? Do you enjoy mingling with the active, thinking, progressive people of the day—people who do things? . Do you believe in progress and do you want to » have a part in one of the most progressive move-M ments of tlie time? Surely! Then you will be interested In, and want to W own a lot of your own in Beautiful Idlewild, t Michigan. If you act at once you can se cure a beautiful lot for only $24.50 each; " $6.00 cash; $1.00 per week. When your * payments are completed the lot win be / transferred to you by an absolute f warranty deed with abstract showing clear title. Good live energetic agents wanted Idlewild Resort Company 1110 Hartford Bldg., So. Dearborn St. Chicago, ILL. Mention TH E CRISIS ROLAND W. HAYES, Tenor Recital Recitals Concerts Oratorio Opera "An ususually good voice. The natural Transcontinen quality is beautiful. It is a luscious yet manly voice. Mr Hayca sings freely and with good tal Tour. Local taste."—Philip Hale. In the Boston Herald Managerson line "A voice of unusual sweetness and calibre.' with Albany, —•Chattanooga Times. Cleveland, De Adress WARWICK ST.. BOSTON. MASS. troit, Chicago, St. Louis, Denver and San LULU ROBINSON-JONES Francisco. DRURY AS HIAWATHA Address: Soprano Available for Concerts Shawmut Booking Agency Telephone 6393 Morningside 667 Shawmut Ave., Boston, Mass. 126 W . 134th Street New York City FLORENCE COLE-TALBERT Soprano "She has one of the best voices that God has given her race." — L0S Angeles Times Engagements accepted for Concerts. Recitals. Oratorio 93 Locust Street, Detroit, Mich. Clarence Cameron White VIOLINIST "Critics are one in their high estimate of the splendid attainments of Clarence BUSTS O F Cameron White and his Concert appearance in your city Booker T. Washington, Fred Douglass, Paul Lawrence Dunbar, Bishop Richard Allen. $1.50 each. The 4 busts means the musical event of for $5.00. Agents wanted. Send at once. the season." For terms and dates address THE ISAAC HATHAWAY ART CO. 616 COLUMBUS AYENUE BOSTON, MASS. 718 S. HICKORY ST., PINE BLUFF, ARK. // It Is For Your Lodge WE HAVE IT! We manufacture Lodge Regalia for every Fraternal Society. Cash or Installment Plan. Cheapest Badge House in the Country. Catalogue for your Society FREE . CENTRAL REGALIA CO. The Negro Regalia House. JOS. L. JONES. Pre* N. E. Cor. 8th &amp; Plum Cincinnati. Ohio LADIES WANTED Smart, ambitious, hustling women to enter business. Clear $15.00 to $25.00 per week. Easy—pleasant. I will show you how. Dr. BELL, 4709 State St., Chicago, ILL. French Dressmaking, Ladies* Tailoring and Millinery. Special Courses in Designing, Copying, Draping, Making, Trimming, Finishing, Cutting and Fitting. A PRIVATE BOARDING SCHOOL FOR SPECIAL TRAINING. individual Instruction. Write for Catalog. 4221 OAKENWALD AVENUE, CHICAGO, ILLINOIS Mme. BRIDGES' SCHOOL Mention The Crisis 256 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER STENOGRAPHERS WANTED All Race- Prepare in the best school of its kind in the State Subjects Shorthand, Typewriting, Bookkeeping, English, Pen manship, Civil Service Training, and SPANISH . COMMERCIAL CLASS Lenox Community Center—at PUBLIC SCHOOL 89 Lenox Avenue and 135th St., New York City. Open Alt Year—Four Evenings Weekly. Fitz W. Mottley, President A live agency furnishes the connecting medium in a business way between teachers and schools and relieves teachers of the embarrassment of job hunting. We have had calls for teachers from Alabama, Arkansas, Delaware, District of Columbia, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Indiana, Kansas, Kentucky, Maryland, Mississippi, Missouri, New York, North Carolina, Ohio, Oklahoma, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia and West Virginia. THE MUTUAL TEACHERS' AGENCY 1408 New York Avenue Washington, D. C. 100 CALLING CARDS 50 CENTS Calling and Business cards are good sellers at all seasons of the year. Liberal commissions. Writ* for samples and agent's terms. The House of Chowning, Indianapolis, Ind. WANTED: SEVERAL GOOD , EXPERIENCE D AGENT S A T A SALAR Y O F $100 PE R MONTH . MUST BE IN POSITION TO FURNISH BOND IN THE SUM OF $2 5 0. ADDRESS: S. M. Twine, President, Twine Building, Muskogee, Oklahoma. WANTED Agents for THE CRISIS, Dignified work 70 Fifth Avenue, New York Lowest prices ON EARTH — FOR FINE MADE* TO-MEASURE CLOTHES All extras free, -delivery charges prepaid, satisfaction guaranteed. Elegant style and quality, the finest mos t Stylish an d beautiful clothes at lowest prices* BE FIRST to get the grand- m est samples and styles, our wonderful offers, bigger and better, and different from all others, big cash rewards for advertising us: big profits for your spare time; liberal rewards for appointing agents; a won derful chance to wear a beautiful Lin Telephone Colorado 7314 MRS. G. WEATHERTON National Employment Agency All Kinds of Domestic Help Furnished Reliable Colored Help a Specialty 811 S. Fair Oaks Avenue, Pasadena, Cal. A "Womanly",Way To Remove Hair sanitaryliquid Washes the hair off by dissolving it. Women fairly revel in the comfort and cleanliness of hair-free underarms. After using El-Rado chiffon sleeves can be worn without any dress shields. Entirely harmless. Money-back guarantee. At all toilet counters. 50c and $1.00 If you prefer, we will fill your order by mail if you write enclosing stamps or coin. Mme, Lelia W. Robinson, 110 W. 136th St., N. Y, SUNSHINE COTTAGE A Rest Home for Women Convalescents and Invalids Cared For (Mrs) Corinna M. Phillips, R. N. 171 King Street Springfield, Mass. Earn $35. to $IOO.WEEKLY ALL OR SPARE TIME Work when ever you have time—days or evenings, all time or part time. My Fold ing Bath Tub has been used successfully for 15 years. They make full sized bath tub. Can be used in any room. Self empty ing—Non-leakablc—fold In email roll. Can be stored In corner of closet. Easy to handle. Guaranteed for 10 years. Not an experiment. Not sold In stores. Sold only by agents. Everybody likes them. Sell on sight. Sample easily carried. Both men and women make big money. Exclusive territory. We do the advertising, send agents the inquiries. Combination Cot and Tub Sells readily to Army Officers. A full sized I have made, thou sands of dollars for bath tub and roomy comfortable cot comthousands of men. I bined. Folds Into small roll 39 in. x 7In. x can do the same for you— 8 in. Has container with carrying handle. Harry S. Robinson Agents Make Money from Start Four in one afternoon—"Have sold now over five dozen. The tubs meet with success wherever Introduced. I have sold as high as four in one afternoon." Frank Meythaler, "Wis. Sold over 100 tubs—"As you know I have sold over lOO tubs for you and have this town pretty well supplied. Will soon tell you the nest territory I expect to work." L. A. Suer, Iowa, Sold 33 in 16 hours—"I sold 32 tubs in 16 lours. As a rule I sell four out of five I call on." E. B. Hunt, Iowa. Sold 12 i n 3 days—"I took orders for 12 tubs in three days." George Dehut, Nebr. Seven calls, six sales—"I went out yesterday the first time,made seven calls and six sales." Frank Nachtwey, Wis. coln euit, a steady job and up to $60aweekfor hustlers FREE DEMONTSRATOR All Free and Postpaid C will give every new Agrent a demonstration tub Write a letter or card. Just say—Send me FREE with first order for six. Write now for all your wonderful offers, everyliterature prices; bo first in your territory. Act thing free and postpaid. u y. H. S. Robinson, Pres. LINCOLN WOOLEN MILLS CO. Dept. 351 THE ROBINSON CABINET MANUFACTURING CO. 202-210 S. Green St., Chicago 4822 Factories Building Toledo. Ohio, U. S. A . Mention Th e Crisis. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Beauty for Women CLEAR, SMOOTH SKIN —PERFECT HAIR FREE FREE Famous Deluxe Beauty Book, illustrated and complete. Sent to you postpaid free of charge. Tells all about the Kashmir Way and describes the wonderful methods which hundreds of women are using to get A Kashmir Girl pretty skin and hair. You can do the same. 5 or 10 minutes a day caring for your skin and hair the Kashmir Way will bring wonderful results. You Won't Know Yourself in a few days. WRITE TODAY DON'T SEND ANY MONEY KASHMIR CHEMICAL CO., Dept. K Room 419, 312 So. Clark Street Chicago, Ill. Hand Made Natural Human Hair Wigs Transformations, Switches, Puffs, Plaits, Bangs, Coronet Braids, that can be combed the same as your own hair. Human hair for sale by ounce or pound. Hair NETS. We Carry the Largest Stock in Electric Combs. Mail Orders sent to any part of the U. S. or B. W. I. Send 2c for catalog. MME. BAUM'S HAIR EMPORIUM, Inc. 486 Eighth Avenue, New York City = Between 34th and 35th Streets liiiiiiiiiiiiiiimiiiiiiiiDiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii WE ARE NOW GIVING THE COURSE BY CORRESPONDENCE Special price for sixty days only $15.00, payable $10.00 with application and $5.00 when diploma is granted. Send $1.00 for thirty days' trial treatment. College We teach only one person in a Dermo town, she teaches the rest. Our Co. graduated agents are making AN EXPERT IN HAIR money. AND BEAUTY CULTURE DERMO COLLEGE CO. Chicago 19 East 43d St. Chicago, ILL. Mention The CRISIS Made to Your HARRY E. DAVIS Order. ATTORNEY -at-L aw N otary P ublic 195 Special Offer m^m to prove our fine qualitv: Those fine Pants for Dress or ^^^ K Business. choice of many hard- A^^^^L some styles, guaranteed for 18 ^•••^ ^ months solid wear and satisfac tion or MONEY BACK, abso lute $5.00 value—while they last, one pair to a customer, Express prepaid 01 Q C for only -• -$1.95 No Extra Charges No charge for Big Extreme Peg Tops or ' Cuff Bottoms, nothing extra for fancy Belt Loops or Pocket Flaps, no charge for Open Welt Seams or Large Sizes—all novelty this GOLD FINISHED , PIN FREEtoyou_ Classy, lapel pin with 'send no your first order, only a Moneyfew hundred on hand, get yours quick. CashProfits to you for taking meas ures of relatives and neighbors. Young George Gekovich made $66.16 fn one day. Write for free samples today. Chicago Tailors Association Dept. H12 « 515 South Franklin Street, Chicago 0 0 Brings This $3 SUIT Tailored to Your Measure on an offer so easy, so liberal, so wonderful, you can hardly believe it. The very latest 1918 style, a perfect fit, magnificent new design, delivered prepaid. Send no money now, not one cent, just write U3a letter or postal and say,*4Send me your new amazing $3 suit offer" and get the latest big set of cloth samples to pick from, a great book of all the brand new 1918 fashions shown in gorgeous colors all FREE? a tailoring offer so splendid, so marvelous, it's hard to behove; greater and better than any tailoring offer you ever saw. How to got all your own clothes free, how to make all your spending money in your extra spare time, how to Become more important. influential and prosperous. Don't wait, don't put it off. write us your name and address now, today, this very minute. Address &lt;d BANNER TAILORING CO., DEPT. 507 CHICAGO We GIVEit to YO U Take this fine Madc-to-Quality Measure Suit and don't and Fit pay us one cent for it* Guaran-We want you to get one of our high-class suits, absolutely Free, so you can show it to your friends. It will' be a big advertisement for us. If you have a littlespare time, you can easily make from $35 to $50extraevery and besides that be the best- dressed man in your town. It's an opportunity you cannot afford to overlook. Don't delay a minute. , Write for this Big Offer at Once Drop us a line or send us your name on a postal card and we will send you absolutely Free, our wonderful style book, containing dozens of sam ples and fashion plates to choose from. Write Now. everything sent Free and postage prepaid. THE PROGRESS TAILORING CO. Dept. 981* " CHICAGO Mention 1607 Williamson Building Cleveland, Ohi» GEORGE A. DOUGLAS Counselor-at-Law 800 Broad Street, Globe Building, Rooms 603 and 604 Office Phone, 3297 Mulberry urmini r xi ¥ Residence'Phone. 5277-M Market NEWARK, N.J. General Practice Notary Public WILLIAM R. MORRIS A ttorney and C ounsellor-at-L aw 818 Metropolitan Life Building Minneapolis Minn. BROWN S. SMITH A ttorney-at-L aw Offices: Suite 802 Sykes Block Near Third and Hennepin Minneapolis Minn. TeL 5437 Fort Hill Cable Address, Epben EDGAR P. BENJAMIN A ttorney and C ounsellor-at-L aw J4 School Street Boston. Mass Telephone Connection W. Ashbie Hawkins George W. P. McMechen HAWKINS &amp; McMECHEN A ttorneys-at-L aw 21 East Saratoga Street Baltimore, Md. Patents secured on easy terms Write for particulars. JOS. H. STEWART, Attorney-at-Law, 494 Louisiana Ave., N.W., Washington, D , C , DR. KAPLAN, Inc. OPTICIANS 531 Lenox Ave., New Yor k Telephone Greeley 4214 Established 1911 BR ANIC'S New York and Brooklyn Express Daily Trips to Harlem 212 WEST 35th STREET ANDREW J. BRANIC New York City $100 PANTS MEASURE 1 Not $1.00, not even 50c, not one cent cost to you under our easy conditions. No extra charge for fancy, swell styles, / no extra charge for extra big, extreme \ peg-tops, pearl buttons, tunnel or fancy^ belt loops, no extra charge for anything, all FREE. Before you take another order, before you buy a suit or pants, get our samples and new _ offer. Agents of other tailoring houses please write, we have a new deal that will open your eyes. We ask every man to answer this, every boy in long pants, every man, everywhere. No matter where you live or what you do, write us a letter or postal and say "Send Me Your New Free offer the big, new different tailoring deal. Costs nothing and no extra charges. Write today, this minute. Address KNICKERBOCKER TAILORING CO. Dept.569 Chicago, Ill. m T he C risis the CRISIS Book mart You can order through the CRISIS any book printed at the regular publisher's price. "The true University of these days is a collection of books."—Carlyle. A Selected List of Books These prices do not include postage. Postage extra. HAZEL. (Mary White Ovington) $ 1.00 TH E AMERICAN CAVALRYMAN. (Henry F . Downing) 1.50 NORRIS WRIGHT CUNEY. (Maud Cuney Hare) 1.50 TH E LIF E AND TIMES OF BOOKER T . WASHINGTON. (B. F . Riley) 1.50 A NARRATIVE OF TH E NEGRO. (Leila Amos Pendleton) 1.50 SOULS OF BLAC K FOLK . (W. E . B. D U Bois) 1.25 TH E WHIT E MAN' S BURDEN. (T . Shirby Hodge) 1.00 RAC E ADJUSTMENT. (Kelly Miller) 2.00 HISTORY OF TH E NEGRO. (B. G. Brawley) 1.25 HAL F A MAN . (Mary White Ovington) 1.00 AFTERMAT H OF SLAVERY. (William Sinclair) 1.50 M Y LIFE AND WORK. (Bishop Alexander Walters) 1.50 FIFTY YEARS AND OTHER POEMS. (James Weldon Johnson) . 1.25 JOH N BROWN. (W. E. B. D U Bois) 1.25 NEGRO IN AMERICAN HISTORY. (J. W. Cromwell) 1.25 PRINCE HALL AND HIS FOLLOWERS. (George W. Crawford) .. 1.00 TH E HAITIAN REVOLUTION. (T. G. Steward) 1.25 NEGRO CULTURE IN WEST AFRICA. (George W. Ellis) 2.00 THE NEGRO. (W. E. B. DU Bois) 60 TH E EDUCATION OF THE NEGRO PRIOR TO 1861. (Carter G. Woodson) 2.00 FACTS OF RECONSTRUCTION. (John R. Lynch) 1.50 LIFE AND LETTERS OF COLERIDGE-TAYLOR. (W. C. Berwick- Sayers) 2.25 POEMS OF PAUL LAURENCE DUNBAR 2.00 AFRO-AMERICAN FOLKSONGS. (H. E. Krehbiel) 2.00 OUT OF THE HOUSE OF BONDAGE. (Kelly Miller) 1.50 BOOKER T. WASHINGTON. (Emmett J. Scott and Lyman Beecher Stowe) •'• 2.00 Address, TH E CRISIS, : : : : : 70 Fifth Avenue, New York A New Book by Dr. Du Bois THE NEGRO By W. E. BURGHARDT DU BOIS, author of "Souls of Black Folk," "Quest of the Silver Fleece," "Select Bibliography of the Negro American," etc. This is the authentic romance of the black man. It is a history of him at once scholarly, earnest and eloquent. He is considered from the earliest times, and the thread of his fascinating- story is followed in Africa, America, and wherever else it has appeared. To look at the Negro against the background of his history is to see him in a light fairer than that in which most Americans have seen him. 256 Pages—3 Maps—Cloth Bound At the low price of 60 cents net—By mail 66 cents Dr. Du Bois's new book is the latest addition to a remarkable series of low-priced new books with which everybody should become acquainted. THE HOME UNIVERSITY LIBRARY 94 volumea now ready Published by HENRY HOLT &amp; COMPANY, 34 West 33d Street, New York Is made up of new books by leading authorities. The editors are Professors GILBERT MURRAY, H. A. L. FISHER, W. T. BREWSTER and J. ARTHUR THOMSON. Cloth bound, good paper, clear type, 256 pages per fif\~, • volume. Each complete and sold separately -- OvJ C DC t Postage extra " A growing wonder of enterprise and sound judgment. Each volume, entirely new, is furnished by an acknowledged expert; is brief enough and plain enough to be readable or even fascinating, scientific enough to be a condensed authority —and at the nominal price of 60 cents."—Hartford Courant. SOME SELECTED EARLIER VOLUMES: EVOLUTION By J. A. Thomson LATIN AMERICA By W. R. Shepherd THE FRENCH REVOLUTION VICTORIAN LITERATURE By Hilaire Belloc Chesterton By G K ROME By W. Warde Fowler GERMANY OF TODAY PROBLEMS OF PHILOSOPHY By Charles Tower By Bertrand Russell EURIPIDES AND HIS AGE NAPOLEON By H. A. L. Fisher By Gilbert Murray THE CIVIL WAR By F. L. Paxson UNEMPLOYMENT By A. C. Pigou Order through the publishers or through The CRISIS, 70 Fifth Avenue, New York