The Crisis EDUCATION NUMBER The CRISIS Vol. 20—No. 3 JULY, 1920 Whole No. 117 ONE DOLLAR AND A HALF A YEAR FIFTEEN CENTS A COPY HAVE YOU SEEN The Brownies' Book a Monthly Magazine DesignedEspecially for Our Children ? PARENTS! We all adore the BROWNIES' BOOK! I do think it is charming! I am sure I enjoy it as much as any child. I was much interested in the story of Sojourner Truth (April issue), and I hope you will frequently tell us of great men and women of our race so that our children may learn to know the lives of Dunbar, Douglass, Booker Washington, DuBois, and a score more as well as they know the stories of Washington and Lincoln. My own little boys are four and five years old. Tonight after tucking them into bed as 1 came down stairs they called, first "Smiles" (the baby) then "Happv": "Mother, I'll wake early tomorrow morning so's I can read the BROWNIES' BooK, hear?" Julia Price Burrell, St. Helena Island, Frogmore, S. C. TEACHERS! Please send me 150 additional copies of the June BROWNIES' BOOK (100 copies were received yesterday 1. Please send by return mail if possible. The children can scarcely wait for each new number. Ella Lynch, Washington, D. C. I think the BROWNIES ' BOO K is tremendously interesting. I am teaching in a school for boys and they all enjoy reading it so much. I wish you had more about our colored heroes. I am very anxious that my boys become acquainted with the deeds of the great men and women of our race. Nannie E . Jewell, St. Louis, Mo. CHILDREN! I am delighted to tell you that the BROWXIES' BOOK has created quite a sensation here. Everyone enjoys its little stories, poems, pictures and letters. It is surprising to know how many high school girls know nothing or very little about our own N'egro heroines such as Harriet Tubman Francis Harper and Sojourner Truth. I hope that the BROWNIES ' BOO K will be a great success. Audrey Wright, Washington, D. C. The BROWNIES' BOOK appeared with the issue of January, 1920, and we have still a few copies of each issue for those who desire a complete file of the magazine. The July issue contains a record of our high school graduates for the year and there are lots of pictures and stories and other things of value. 15 CENTS PER COPY $1.50 PER YEAR Write for sample copy. We shall be glad to send it. SUBSCRIBERS WANTED AGENTS WANTED ADDRESS The BROWNIES' BOOK DUBOIS AND DILL, Publishers 2 West 13th Street New York, N. Y. THE CRISIS A RECORD OF THE DARKER RACES PUBLISHED MONTHLY AND COPYRIGHTED BY THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOB THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE, AT 70 FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK CITY. CON DUCTED BY W. E. BURGHARDT DU BOIS; JESSIE REDMON FAUSET, LITERARY EDITOR; AUGUSTUS GRANVILLE DILL, BUSINESS MANAGER. Vol. 20—No. 3 JULY, 1920 Whole No. 117 PICTURES Page COVER. Portrait of Eva R. Marshall. PICTURES OF 84 GRADUATES. ARTICLES WEAKNESSES OF THE NEGRO COLLEGE. G. David HoustonTHE YEA R IN NEGRO EDUCATION. M. G. AllisonTHE NEGRO AND THE NATIONAL GUARD. Hon. Newton D. BakerBROWN LEAVES. A Poem. Winifred Virginia JordanTHE WISE GUYS OF UNOBIAA N ANSWER. Senator Medill McCormickPEONAGE IN GEORGIA 122  126  137  137  138  138  139 DEPARTMENTS OPINION 117 NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE 132 THE LOOKING GLASS 141 THE HORIZON 145 THE AUGUST CRISIS The August CRISIS will be Vacation Number, and will carry the first half of a new novelette by Jessie Fauset. The September CRISIS will be Haitian Number. The October CRISIS will be Homes Number. Send us photographs FIFTEEN CENTS A COPY; ONE DOLLAR AND A HALF A YEAR FOREIGN SUBSCRIPTIONS TWENTY-FIVE CENTS EXTRA RENEWALS : The date of expiration of each subscription is printed on the wrapper. When the subscription is due, a blue renewal blank is enclosed. CHANG E O F ADDRESS : The address of a subscriber can be changed as often as desired. In ordering a change of address, both the old and the new address must be given. Tw o weeks' notice is required. MANUSCRIPT S and drawings relating to colored people are desired. They must be accompanied by return postage. If found unavailable they will be returned. Entered as second class matter November 2, 1910, at the post office at New York, New York, under the Act of March 8, 1879. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER National Training School DURHAM, NORTH CAROLINA A School for the Training of Colored Young Men and Women for Service Though it is young in history, the Institution feels a just pride in the work thus far accomplished, for its graduates are already filling many responsible positions, thus demonstrating the aim of the school to train men and women for useful citizenship. DEPARTMENTS ALREADY ESTABLISHED The Grammar School The Teacher Training Department The Academy The Divinity School The School of Arts and Science! The Commercial Department The Department of Music The Department of Home Economic! The Department of Social Service TERM OPENS SEPTEMBER 21, 1920 For further information and Catalog, address President James E. Shepard, Durham, North Carolina HOWARD UNIVERSITY Washington, D. C. J. STANLEY DURKEE, A.M., Ph.D., President EMMETT J. SCOTT. A.M., LL.D., Secretary-Treasurer. Collegiate and Professional Schools Junior College, covering the Freshman and Sophomore years, and leading to the Senior Colleges. Senior College, consisting of the Schools of Liberal Arts, Education, Journalism and Commerce and Finance, granting respectively the degrees, A.B. or B.S.; A.B. or U.S. in Edu cation ; B.S. in Journalism; B.S. in Commerce. School of Applied Science, four year course, giving degree, B.S. in C.E.; B.S. in E.E.; B.S. in M.E.; B.S. in Architecture; B.S. in Agriculture, and B.S. in Household Economics. School of Music, four year course, giving degree of Mus.B. School of Religion, three year course, giving decree of B.D. (Also Diploma and Correspondence Courses.) School of Law, three year evening course, giving degree of LL.K. School of Medicine, including Medical, Dental, Pharmaceutical Colleges. Four year course for Medical and Dental students; three years for Pharmaceutical student* Following de-degrees given: M.D., D.D.S., Phar.C. Students may enter for Collegiate Work at the beginning of any quarter. REGISTRATION: Autumn Quarter September 27 to 29, 1920 Winter Quarter January 3, 1921 Spring: Quarter March 19 and 21, 1921 For Catalog and Information, write DWIGHT O. W. HOLMES, Registrar HOWARD UNIVERSITY, Washington, D. C. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Atlanta University Is beautifully located In the City of Atlanta, Ga. The courses of study include High School, normal School and College, with Manual training and domestic science. Among the teachers are graduates of Tale, Harvard, Dartmouth and Welleeley. Fifty years of successful work have been completed. Students some from all parti of the south. Graduate* are almost universally successful. For farther Information address President EDWARD T. WARE ATLANTA, OA KNOXVILLE COLLEGE Beautiful Situation. Healthful Location. Best Moral and Spiritual Environment. Splendid Intellectual Atmosphere. Noted for Honest and Thorough Work. Institution offers full courses in the following departments: College, Normal, High School, Grammar School, Domestic Science, Nurse Training and Industrial. Good water, steam heat, electric lights, natural drainage, splendid dormitories. Expenses very reasonable. Begins September 15, 1920. For catalog and other information address PRESIDENT. J. KELL Y GIFFEN Knoxville. Tenn. 1870 1920 CLARK UNIVERSITY ATLANTA, GEORGIA Beautiful campus overlooking the city. Comfortable buildln£B with modem conveniences, talented faculty: vigorous, religious atmosphere; excellent library and laboratories; co-educational; athletics. Admission only by application. Courses of Study: Domestic Scenes, Public Speaking. Musle, P re-Academy. Smit h and Eighth Grades. Academy or High School, four years with diploma. Pre-Medical, two years above academy. Normal, two years above academy with diploma. College, four years with AB degree. 51st year opens September 15, 1920 Expenses, $15.00 per month will cover all necessary expenses. HARRY ANDREWS KING. President. MOREHOUSE COLLEGE (Formerly Atlanta Baptist College) ATLANTA, GA. College, Academy, Divinity School An institution famous within recent years for its emphasis on all sides of manly development—the ^nly institution in the far South devoted solely to the education of Negro young men. Graduates given high ranking by greatest northern universities. Debating, Y. M . C. A , athletics, all live features. For information, address JOHN HOPE, President. FISK UNIVERSITY NASHVILLE, TENN. Founded 1866 Thorough Literary, Scientific, Educational, Musical and Social Science Courses. Pioneer in Negro music. Special study in Negro life. Ideal and sanitary buildings and grounds. Well-equipped Science building. Christian home life. High standard of independent manhood and womanhood. For literature, etc., write FAYETTE AVERY McKENZIE, President BIDDLE UNIVERSITY CHARLOTTE. N. C. Blddle University, eperated ander the a ass-Ices »f the Northern Presbyterian Church, has four Departments—High School, Arts and Sciences Theological and Industrial. The completion of a Grammar School course is the requirement for entrance to the first vear of the High SchooL The School of Arts and Sciences offers two course* of study, the Classical and the Scientific, in the scientific. German Is substituted for Greek or Latin. The entrance requirement for the Freshman Class is 15 units of High School work. The Theological Department offers two courses, each consisting of three years. The first is purely amgliab, Greek and Hebrew are taught in the others. All students in the High School Dept are required to take trades in the Industrial Dept For further Information, address The Florida Agricultural President H. L. MeCrorty, and Mechanical College Offers courses leading to certificates, diplomas and degrees. Nathan B. Young, President Tallahassee, Florida The Alumni of LINCOLN UNIVERSITY ore raising $50,000 for ALMA MATER Lincoln train* for leadership and success. Address: President John B. Rendall, D. D. Lincoln University Chester County, Pa. Charlotte, N. C. Morris Brown University Atlanta, Ga. Co-Educational The largest institution of learning in the South owned and controlled by Negroes. Faculty of special ists, trained in some of the best universities in the North and in the South, Noted for high standard of scholarship; industrial emphasis and positive Chris tian influence. Weil equipped dormitories; sane athletics under faculty supervision. Expenses rea sonable. Location central and healthful. Departments: Theology, College Preparatory, Nor mal, Commercial, Musical, Domestic Science, Nurse Training. Sewing, Printing and Tailoring. First Semester begins September, 1920. For further information address W. A. FOUNTAIN, President BISHOP J. S. FLIPPER, Chairman Trustee Board, Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Wiley University The Cheyney Training Marshall, Texas School for Teachers Recognized as a college of first class by Texas, Louisiana, Arkansas and Oklahoma State Boards of Education. Harvard, Boston University, University of Illinois and University of Chicago represented or. its faculty. One hundred twenty-seven in College Department, session 1919-1920. Several new buildings, steam heated and electric lighted. M . W. DOGAN, President Talledega College Talledega, Alabama Founded in 1867 for the Education of Negro Leaders Beautiful and Healthful location. Literary, Scientific, Educational, Social Service, Theological, Musical, Business Administration, Journalism, Nurse Training Courses. High Standards of Christian Manhood and Womanhood. For further information address F. A. SUMNER, President The Agricultural &amp; Technical College of North Carolina Maintained by the State and Federal Government For males only. Practical and Strong Courses by the following Departments: Agricultural, Mechanical, Academic, Teacher Training, and Military. Summer School for teachers of both sexes began June 21, and continues six weeks. Write today for catalog. JAS. B. DUDLEY, President, Greensboro, N. C. CHEYNEY, PENNA. Courses include the regular academic and professional subjects and special departments in domestic art, domestic science, manual training and agriculture. Board and tuition $125. Next regular term begins Wednesday, September 15, 1920. Summer school for teachers in active service, beginning July 1. Board and tuition for the month $20.00. For further particulars and catalog write Leslie Pinckney Hill, Principal, Cheney, Penna. WILBERFORCE UNIVERSITY SUMMER SCHOOL WILBERFORCE OHIO Seventh Annual Session, June 21 to July 31, 1920 Location ideal; faculty large; dormitory room ample, teaching- facilities the best. Special lectures; model school for observa tion and practice; fees and expenses reason able, Credit in regular session given for work done in the summer; all courses standard. Courses offered—professional, normal, col legiate and high school. For further particulars write GILBERT H. JONES, Box 44 Director Summer School, W.	 S. SCARBOROUGH, President of the University. COLEMAN COLLEGE G1BSLAND, LA. Supported by Baptist State Woman's Home Mission Society of Chicago and Boston and A, B. H . Society of New York. Students from six different states. Graduates exempted on first grade by Louisiana, Arkansas and Oklahoma. O. L. COLEMAN, President ST. MARY'S SCHOOL An Episcopal boarding school for girls, under the direction of the sisters of St. Mary. Address: TH E SISTER-IN-CHARGE, 6138 Germantown Avenue, Philadelphia, Pa. Hartshorn Memorial College Richmond, Va. A separate school for higher education of girls Thirty seven years of success Offers superior advantages College, Normal, Academic, Junior and Music courses Expenses moderate Send for catalog to the President Educational Institutions continued on page 150 Mention THE CRISIS, THE CRISIS Vol. 20. No. 3 JULY, 1920 . Whole No. 117 Opinion of W.E.B. Du Bois IN GEORGIA THE eleventh annual conference of the N. A. A. C. P. marked an epoch. For the first time since Reconstruction a radical Negro organization, whose aims were well known and clearly enunciated, has met openly in the center of the South and demanded without equivocation : The right to vote The Federal suppressing of lynching Free compulsory common school training The abolition of "Jim Crow" cars Decent conditions of labor and wage. To those white Southerners who despite their education and training and despite their deep and passionate convictions stood for and insisted on fair play for us, we hold out hearty hands in greeting and fellowship. We know as they know that this meeting does not mean the conversion of the white South. By no means. The South was never more determined than today to keep the Negro "in his place". Moreover among the audiences which' aggregated perhaps 15,000 persons during the four days, less than 50 were southern whites. Why then did our meeting mark an epoch ? For two reasons: 1. It marked a decision on the part of the leaders of the white South that it is no longer wise to prevent Negroes from openly expressing their grievances. 2. It marked the realization by the whole country that there is no difference of aim and desire between the southern and northern Negro. For fifty years the white South backed by organized northern philanthropy has attempted to gag the black man. By charity, promises, cajolery, threats and mob law it has made it next to impossible for the Negro to complain in the South and if he complained in the North about the South it was plausibly explained that he did not know what he was talking about; that only southern Negroes knew southern conditions and they were silent and satisfied! Again, if northern Negroes presumed to go into the South they not only faced the "Jim Crow" car and the threat of the mob but they were branded as dangerous "agitators" seeking to stir up the quiet and happy southern Negroes; their words were distorted and twisted or entirely suppressed and to cap the climax the ubiquitous "white folks' nigger" appeared, denounced the intruders and lauded the lynchers to the skies. The firm, unwavering stand of the Atlanta Branch of the N . A. A. C. P. brought these tactics to naught. The "white folks' nigger" lost his glib tongue. Hurried conferences between whites and blacks convinced the whites that the blacks demanded this meeting, that their objects were lawful and that the only trouble that 117 118 	THE could ensue would come from the whites. Finally, there can be no doubt but that a small portion of the white South is thinking and learning. To them T HE CRISIS and the N. A. A. C. P. hold out frank hands of fellowship. But we do this without shuffling or deception. We black folk demand the rights of men—no more, no less. Are you with us or against us? If you are with us we are with you, willing to toil and strive in patience and bloody sweat for a real American democracy. But if you are against us there is no compromise possible. It is fight and fight to the bitter end. TWO METHODS A VIGILANCE Committee in Des Moines, Iowa, under Mrs. L. B. Smith, has arranged the following program for the care of colored children in mixed schools: I. OUR POLICY: (a)	 To establish friendly relations with teachers and school authorities (b)	 To urge parents to wash and dress their children properly (c)	 Help with poverty and truancy (d) Arrange	 home work and tuition for the backward II. THIS VIGILANCE COMMITTEE which endeavors to fit the colored American child for the public school will deftly intertwine their effort in the mission: (a)	 To make colored children realize that being "colored" is a normal beautiful thing (b)	 To make them know that other colored children have grown into beautiful, useful and famous persons (c)	 To turn their little hurts and resentments .into emulation, ambition and love of their own homes and companions (d)	 To inspire them to prepare for definite occupation and duties with a broad spirit of sacrifice (e)	 To teach universal love and brotherhood for all little folks—black, brown, yellow and white (f)	 To teach them delicately a code of honor and action in their relation with white children III. WE ask the cooperation of all the teachei-s and principals in helping us to accomplish this splendid duty at this critical hour. CRISIS Mr. L. F. Artis, assistant secretary of the colored Y. M. C. A. writes us from Indianapolis: It will interest you, I feel sure, to know of a piece of work that has just been completed here in Indianapolis, the effect of which is quite favorable. Under the direction of the IndustrialDepartmentthe Y. M. C. A. a vocational guidance conference was held with every colored boy who was graduated from the 8A grammar grades at the spring term. The hearty support and interest of the supervising principals of the colored schools and of the teachers of the schools concerned brought a full measure of success to the effort. The purpose of the conferences was threefold : To urge a continuance in high school of every boy; to guide those who MUST stop school and enroll them in a night high school; and to suggest high school courses in relation to future life-work. Each boy was carefully charted on a psychological analysis sheet. His temperamental and hereditary qualities were considered and his school history was added. The personal choice of his future vocation was secured from each boy and a thorough effort was made to correlate native endowments and vocational choices. Only two colored boys in the entire city failed to enter the local high schools. A group of experienced men has been formed into a Vocational Guidance Committee which any boy in the city can consult and talk over the problem of his life-work. It is also purposed to carefully follow-up the boys who were interviewed in this manner with the aim of guiding their young and fertile minds into profitable lines of endeavor. This plan, we feel sure, could be put into operation in a number of our larger cities with marked success and with great potentialities for rendering a much needed service. Finally, the Alpha Phi Alpha Fraternity during the week of June 6-12 put on an enthusiastic and nationwide "drive" to encourage colored boys and girls to go to High School and College. These efforts are the ones that tell. May they spread widely. RACE INTELLIGENCE F0R a century or more it has been the dream of those who do not believe Negroes are human that their wish should find some scientific basis. For years they depended on the weight of the human brain, trusting that the al OPINION 	119 leged underweight of less than a thousand Negro brains, measured without reference to age, stature, nutrition or cause of death, would convince the world that black men simply could not be educated. Today scientists acknowledge that there is no warrant for such a conclusion and that in any case the absolute weight of the brain is no criterion of racial ability. Measurements of the bony skeleton followed and great hopes of the scientific demonstration of race inferiority were held for a while. But they had to be surrendered when Zulus and Englishmen were found in the same dolichocephalic class. Then came psychology: the children of the public schools were studied and it was discovered that some colored children ranked lower than white children. This gave wide satisfaction even though it was pointed out that the average included most of both races and that considering the educational opportunities and social environment of the races the differences were measurements simply of the ignorance and poverty of the black child's surroundings. Today, however, all is settled. " A workably accurate scientific classification of brain power" has been discovered and by none other than our astute army officers. The tests were in two sets for literates and illiterates and were simplicity itself. For instance, among other things the literates were asked in three minutes "to look at each row of numbers below and on the two dotted lines write the two numbers that should come next." 3 4 5 6 7 8 8 7 6 5 4 3 ... ... 10 15 20 25 30 35 81 27 9 3 1 Y3 1 4 9 16 25 36 16 17 15 18 14 19 3 6 8 16 18 36 Illiterates were asked, for example, to complete pictures where the net was missing in a tennis court or a ball in a bowling alley! For these tests were chosen 4730 Negroes from Louisiana and Mississippi and 28,052 white recruits from Illinois. The result? Do you need to ask? M . R. Trabue, Director, Bureau of Educational Service, ColumbiaUniversity, gence of the average southern Negro is equal to that of a 9-year-old white boy and that we should arrange our educational program to make "waiters, porters, scavengers and the like" of most Negroes! Is it conceivable that a great university should employ a man whose "science" consists of such utter rot? A QUESTION CONSIDER, my pale friends, what should be done in cases such as these: At the recent convention of the Y . W. C. A . at Cleveland a final banquet was arranged at the Hotel Statler. This hotel refused to admit the forty colored delegates who were in attendance. Instead of removing the banquet to any one of several other first class hotels which have never drawn the color line, a separate banquet for the colored delegates was given in the dining-room of the Y. W. C.	 A. A t New Orleans the annual convention of the National Conference of Social Work met. At first all the sectional meetings were arranged in white hotels which would not admit Negroes even to attend the meetings. When the conference threatened to withdraw on this account other meeting places were hastily arranged. A t the evening mass meeting five rows of seats for Negroes were roped off in the gallery. Only two Negroes attended. A t one of the meetings when a Negro arose to speak, Miss Jean Gordon, a leading progressive southern white woman, withdrew: "I'm not going to stay and listen to a nigger speak," she said. Governor-elect THE CRISIS Parker of Louisiana, who represents the best white people of the state and has just beaten the "ring", made a speech filled with reactionary sentiment and invective against Negroes. Finally when the conference was compelled to ask pledges to cover a deficit, a Newark Negro rose and pledged $50, "despite the insults we have endured, because we do not believe that the attitude of the city is the attitude of the conference." Now what shall we do in such cases? Shall we be silent? The white press is unanimously silent. Is this the best method? Will silence improve matters at future conferences? Does it show greater love for one's fellowman to ignore his sins or to point them out? SOLDIERS THE statement by the Secretary of War in this number is a most disappointing pronounce ment. It means that the Negro-hating section of the General Staff has had its way and that Negroes in the National Guard are not to be treated as soldiers; that, taking advantage of a strained interpretation of the law, Negro militia is not to be organized as an integral part of the state guard, but is to be regarded as potentially in separate divisions. This, however, would call for training in all arms of the service and by inference it would demand Negro officers. To avoid this the Negro militia units are to be admitted to none of the arms of the service but organized as "pioneers" from which in case of stress either laborers or real soldiers could be recruited. If the United States Army used half as much brains and ingenuity to make an effective fighting machine as it uses to exclude the Negro as an offi cer and soldier it might in time escape the derision of the military world. Let this nonsense cease. Let us make organized and systematic demand on the War Department for: 1. The organization of colored units as integral parts of state organizations; or 2. The organization of a National Colored Corps with Negro officers. LATIN THE principal of a State school for Negroes writes us: "For seven years I con tended for the right to make this school available for such students as desired to prepare for college or professional schools as well as for those who would go at once to work as teachers or in some other way to earn a livelihood. "In consequence I have been called stupid and stubborn. Stupid because I could not see the wonderful advantages of dedicating all efforts to the study and teaching of the farm, and stubborn because unwilling to yield unreservedly to the advice of those who did see. "Under threat of loss of the Federal appropriation our board of trustees at last ordered me to cease the teaching of Latin. Something of a compromise was made when it was agreed that except for the Latin we should have a course equivalent to that in the accredited high schools of the state." Why does this man insist on "Latin?" some will ask. Do colored people especially crave for Latin and Greek? No. But as long as the leading Northern colleges require Latin in their entrance examinations our schools must meet that requirement or our children will be refused admis sion. When the great colleges recog nize the educational value of other studies beside the classics, we will be ready to adopt other studies but for Negro fitting schools voluntarily and alone to cut themselves off from the educational system of the land as es tablished by the white universities, is suicide. HELEN F. CRAWFORD S. ELIZ. TOWNSEND MAMIE DIGGS FLORIDA M. THOMAS A.B., Radcliffe ALTHEA A. MERCHANT A.B., Hunter VERA N. GUILFORD A.B., Iowa EDITH M. 'HOWARD A.B., Chicago BERYL R. JONES A.B.,CORNELIA Illinois  L. LEGGETT A.B., Boston LAURA E. TYNER A.B., Cincinnati BOBBIE B. SCOTT A.B., Oberlin HELEN D. BESHEARS A.B.MARIE California  F. STEVENS A.B., Temple HELEN LUCAS A.B., Oberlin WILLRENE WOODS 0.A.B., M. C. Iowa  DAVIDSON A.B., Illinois A.B., Iowa A.B., Washburn A.B., Radcliffe 121 WEAKNESSES OF THE NEGRO COLLEGE G. DAVID HOUSTON RECONSTRUCTION is the watchword of the age! While political, educational, and social institutions are hearkening to its cry, the Negro college is still standing aloof in its mediaeval tendencies, apparently deaf to the newer demands of the age. In fact, the most disheartening aspect of the Negro's advancement is reflected in his unpardonable neglect of his own college; for the same mildewed objective of making professing Christians and developing prospective preachers still prevails in the minds of trustee boards. The Negro college is hemmed in so tightly by adamant walls of religious dogmatism that it cannot be expected to take an outstanding place among American institutions of learning. True, its alumni have frequently ranked among the most distinguished thinkers of America, but, generally, not before they first have breathed the religious and academic freedom of other institutions. The first obvious weakness of the Negro college lies in the delusion that the president must be a "Minister of the Gospel". It is not essential that he be an educator of ripe and successful experience, or a scholar of copious industry and promising renown, or an administrator of tried and approved judgment. He need only be "a man of soul", with sufficient zeal and fervor to lead benighted souls out of the land of darkness. Thus the curriculum becomes evangelized, and so many practices of the church are introduced that like Franklin's Presbyterians, "the more you darn them, the more they grow." As a most natural consequence of this religious domination, the Negro college is more of a mediaeval monastery than a modern and progressive institution of academic freedom and initiative. Thus the Negro college is becoming more and more repulsive to the broadminded, liberal-thinking Negro professor, who is more ambitious to direct the training of promising minds, or to make some recognized contribution to education, than to establish an enviable record for chapel and prayer-meeting attendance. ^ This monastery type of college may have been invaluable during the pioneer period of the Negro college. Perhaps in those days, every recitation was properly opened with a prayer-meeting and closed with a revival service; but the modern Negro professor is too far removed from the influences of those days to accept, without vigorous protest, many of the practices of half a century ago. The educated Negro yearns for freedom—political, religious, and academic. Just the other day, he helped to dethrone oppression. He cannot be persuaded, argued, or cajoled into any type of serfdom. He inhales the love of freedom in his very being. Accordingly, he is becoming more and more tenacious of his privilege of worshipping the Supreme Being in a manner suited to his own views of duty. College professors, who merit the distinction of their title, are men of enlightened views—magnanimous in their character—of warm and ardent feelings. Such men are sure to be jealous of their right to serve God as they see fit, and a clash is inevitable whenever any fanatical college president tries to force upon them his notion of religious devotion. There is but slender chance of attracting and holding scholarly colored men, as long as their worth to a college is measured by their chapel attendance. The triumph of the most progressive American colleges has come through the divorcement of religious dogmatism and mental discipline. The Negro college should emulate such examples. The Negro youth, moreover, needs less preaching and more teaching. He has heard about every possible sermon that can be preached on preparing for death. He needs a few now on preparing for life. His preachers have been altogether too numerous; for many who have had the most virtue in their mouths, have had the least in their bosoms. There is really more genuine Christian training in placing before the impressionable college youth, in his several classrooms, men of strong personality, independent thought, and exemplary character, than there can possibly be in the various extrinsic agencies employed by the Negro college. It is time now to modernize the Negro college youth, by liberating 122 THE NEGRO him. It is questionable if the preacher-president is the kind of emancipator that is needed. The white colleges, with the notable exception of denominational schools, have virtually declared that the day of the preacher-president has passed. The Negro college should follow their lead. The second glaring weakness of the Negro college—and one which must be discussed frankly in the light of present day conditions—is the mistake of calling a white man to the presidency. By some strange lapse of reasoning, many Negroes feel that their college is better administered by a white president. They argue that a white man brings prestige and money to a Negro college. Some even maintain that a colored president could not secure the respect and co-operation of his fellow colored professors. Now as a matter of fact, these cloistered or fugitive virtues of a white president are like many statistics; they make more noise than their intrinsic worth justifies. Neither the prestige nor the income of any Negro college has ever been appreciably augmented by the administration of a white president. In these days of intricate relations between the races, it is impossible for a Negro college to attract a well qualified white man to the presidency. A white man who wears the measurements of a college president will experience no difficulty in securing a high administrative berth in one of the hundreds of white colleges, which can offer him much more fascinating inducements than a Negro college. Moreover, every white president of a Negro college is socially ostracized. His own people will not receive him cordially, and he has no desire to mingle too freely with his sable charges. Once he presides over a Negro college, he loses all chances of being called to a white college presidency. Obviously, no young, scholarly, and progressive white man, looking for a career, is going to accept the presidency of a Negro college. Only two types of white men are attracted in these days; namely, the one whose career is just about spent, and now wants a "retirement job"; and the other who finds that his remuneration as president of a Negro college is far in excess of any amount that his talents can bring him from his own people. The oft-repeated "spirit of sacrifice" has more rhetoric than truth in it. COLLEGE 123 This unfortunate situation is sure to place over scholarly Negroes eager for a career, a very ordinary white man who is inferior in intelligence, experience, and ability. What a sad outlook for the Negro scholar! After he spends years in study, ripens with experience, and aspires to the coveted professorship, the very best he can hope for in the field of education is a position under a conspicuously incompetent white president. Small wonder that the best Negro minds are going into the other professions! The most lamentable phase of this abom inable situation is that a weak white presi dent is sure to try to destroy his strongest colored professors, for he is sure to feel uncomfortable in their presence, and knows that he cannot control them. He, however, enjoys a strategic position, for he alone has access to the trustee board. Consequently, the grossest kinds of injustice in matters of professorial promotions, increased com pensation, and the like, are vindictively practised. Whenever a question of increase in salary arises, preferment is sure to be given to the white professors, although the colored, professors do the work and give the college whatever prestige it enjoys. Atlanta's prestige has always rested upon Dr. DuBois; Fisk's, upon Dr. Haynes; and Howard's, upon Dean Miller. Match these names with those of whit© professors in the same institutions. The sober truth is that there is no white professor holding a chair in a Negro college, in these days, who could hold the leg of a stool in a reputable white college. But aside from the palpable in justice of giving poorly equipped white men positions which ought to be filled by well equipped colored men, there is another ten dency which is overlooked. These white pro fessors have almost no sympathy with the Negro youth's aspirations. It is not un common, therefore, for such professors to discourage their students, and point to the approach to manhood by the "back door", rather than by the "front door". This condition of the Negro college is entirely unnecessary. The race has pro duced men fully qualified and competent to administer the affairs of the college. In fact,' the most successfully conducted Negro college is administered by a colored president, and its possibilities are limited only by its denominationalism. Elementary, TH E CRISIS secondary and normal schools are intrusted to the administration of educated Negroes. Why should the college furnish the exception? One of the most worthy incentives to scholarly endeavor on the part of the boy in the Negro high school comes through the realization that it is possible for him some day to become principal of that school. Booker T. Washington, cautious but sagacious, realized what an inspiring effect an entirely colored faculty had upon colored students, and consequently appointed only colored persons to teacherships and positions of administrative responsibility. As a result, the influence of Tuskegee has been vastly more widespread than that of Hampton, an institution which has employed just the opposite method. Since American democracy has decreed that there shall be two races in this country,—a human race and a Negro race, and since conditions have forced Negroes to have their own institutions of learning, from the kindergarten through the university, every effort should be made to bring these institutions up to the highest standards. The college must be made a strong unit in the scheme of educating Negro youths, as it is for educating white youths. It cannot be strong with a weak and incompetent president at the head. A president is powerless unless his professors second his efforts, and, being loyal and faithful themselves, bring their assistants into the same attitude. The president cannot expect the support of his professors unless he can inspire in them respect and affection. But the president and the professors cannot cooperate unless there is practical agreement on their part respecting the ends to be sought. Herein lies the danger when a white president is at the helm, for his "white man's attitude" cannot be accepted by any self-respecting Negro. After all, the best person to state the needs of a Negro college and to attract friends is the Negro himself. The passionate plea of a white president, receiving a very generous portion of the income, is not likely to unlock philanthropic or federal coffers. The third grave weakness of the Negro college is found in its trustee board. Usually, the board of trustees is an airtight cor poration, self-perpetuating and self-ter minating. Their tenure of office and their acts are based upon the "Divine Rights of Trustees"; and as a result of their divine ordination, they are responsible to no power on earth. Their chief duty seems to be to elect periodically a president, whose qualifications for the position they refuse to discuss. In addition to their president-creating function, they meet two or three times a year; indorse the president's program, without attempting to know its import; re elect themselves for three or more years; and adjourn, after enjoying a "State Dinner", and complimenting one another on the vast amount of business they accomplished in such a limited time. No doubt, such a self-perpetuating board can, through its colloquial ease, bring many benefits to the college, but the most progressive trustee boards are those elected by the alumni of the college. The most insignificant alumnus of Harvard College has a vote equal in weight to that of the most distinguished alumnus, in determining what overseers are to supervise the interests of the college. It is hardly conceivable that the alumni of a college would stand for any other proce dure. If a college does not send forth alumni sufficiently interested and competent to have a voice in the government of their Alma Mater, their college has no right to exist. Trustees of Negro colleges apparently derive their greatest pleasure from telling how long they have served on the board, instead of how well they have served the college. It would be to the everlasting renown of any board to point to some meritorious achievement, which it has made memorable. The board must learn that serviceableness is not necessarily coextensive with longevity. It is a question of serious concern whether or not a trustee can actually serve a college, as the college should be served, for thirty or forty years. Surely, the responsibility of a trustee should extend beyond the days of meeting. His interest should be perennial. He should keep in intimate touch with the management of the college, and should not depend wholly upon the president's annual report for information concerning the important phases of the college work. If he has not the time to pay the college an occasional visit, and see the institution in operation, he had better give his place to another. A trustee's serviceability, therefore, has its limitations. For this reason, a trusteeship must not be THE NEGRO COLLEGE considered an ornament for lfe, but a good stiff job for a short period. Moreover, it is difficult to inspire confidence in the public, when the trustees are responsible to themselves only. If the Negro colleges were privately endowed, the situation would be different. But these colleges are constantly begging for funds,— for the privilege of the board to spend as it sees fit. Money is thus actually wasted by the unbusinesslike practices of an incompetent president and the superficial general management of the trustees. The truth is that an incompetent president and a self-perpetuating board of trustees can wreck a college. The donors, if no one else, should force the board into some kind of responsibility—if not to the alumni where it belongs, then to the donors who keep the college alive. The board should not, under any consideration, be responsible for its own membership. The first two weaknesses cannot be very well removed until after this third weakness has been removed; for trustee boards, as they are constituted at present, are most likely to elect white men, preferably ministers, to the presidency. And let it be said frankly that the colored members of the board are primarily responsible for these selections. The colored members take the initiative in finding the man. The white trustees take the stand that "it is your college, and we will vote for what you want." In one notable instance, a white trustee warned the colored trustees not to make a certain selection, but to no avail. Unfortunately, colored trustees do not want colored men to preside over their colleges. They prefer a second or third class white man to a first class colored man. The white trustees, on the other hand, would gladly vote for the election of a colored president, if the colored trustees would bring in such a recommendation. The motive is hard to interpret, except that there still exists that type of Negro who lacks confidence in his own race, and that type usually gets a place on college trustee boards and wields influence. Another possible explanation is that a weak white president is more likely to give patronage, than a colored president. After every presidential election, it is interesting to note the appointments made, apparently at the request of certain colored trustees of political propensities. But aside from these mere conjectures, the writer will not attempt to answer the puzzle. Let the colored trustees answer. Not until these weaknesses are frankly admitted and remedied, should the Negro college expect a successful career. Neither philanthropic nor federal funds can be expected to revive the decadent Negro college. A real administration is needed. Give the Negro college an efficient administration ; select a competent Negro educator, instead of an incompetent white man as president; and reorganize the board of trustees in order that the alumni may have representation; then watch the Negro college take an outstanding place among American colleges. MARY G. GOULD, HAZEL M t WELLS BEULAH TYRRELL, VIVIAN OSBORNE, A.B., A.B., A.B., A.B., Oberlin Oberlin Oberlin California THE YEAR IN NEGRO EDUCATION M. G. ALLISON SINC E the cessation of the war many Negroes who ordinarily would have continued their education, instead have entered into industry. This is inevitable; however, we are especially proud of those of our race who keep the ranks in education. In 1914 we graduated 267 bachelors; in 1915, 281; in 1916, 338; and in 1917, 455, the high water mark. The effect of the war has been seen in the successive years: 396 in 1918; 373 in 1919, and 364 in 1920. This last figure is tentative as there are several omissions. From northern institutions 38 Negroes were graduated in 1915; 77 in 1917, and 175 in 1918. For 1919 this figure fell to 53 and rose to 100 this year. This year there are two Doctors of Philosophy; 12 Masters of Arts; 79 Bachelors of Arts; 17 Bachelors of Science; 11 Bachelors of Law; 1 Bachelor of Divinity; 1 Bachelor of Music; 8 Doctors of Medicine; 3 Doctors of Dental Surgery; 1 Doctor of Veterinary Medicine; 2 Chiropodists; 13 Graduates in Pharmacy; 1 each in Mechanical and Civil Engineering,—a total of 152 graduates from leading white institutions. The names of students, their degrees and the institutions from which they are gradu ating follow: CLARK UNIVERSITY: Ph.D. Thomas I. Brown in sociology and Francis C. Sumner in psychology. Mr. Brown has the distinc tion of having been appointed Assistant in Sociology in the Collegiate Department for this academic year. He will return next fall to his work as Professor of History and Economics in Atlanta University. A.M. John H . Alston in experimental psychology and Edward F. Frazier in sociology. Dr. Fisher says: "Mr. Frazier has impressed me as a man with an unusually good mind. He thinks clearly and incisively and has demonstrated to my own satisfaction that he is capable of doing high grade work of a scholarly nature. By competitive examination held in the colleges and universities throughout the country Mr. Frazier won a fellowship amounting to $850 at the New York School of Social Work." Mr. Alston has carried on an" "experimental investigation throughout the year which he has completed successfully and which will be published under the title of the "Psychophysics of the Spatial Condition for the Fusion of Warmth and Cold into Heat" in the July issue of the American Journal of Psychology. He is the first Negro ever to publish an original scientific study in this journal. HARVARD UNIVERSITY: A.M. J. E. Harris in English and C. H. Mills in romance languages. A.B. William D. Hooper, Edward E. Rivers. S.B. William L. Hans-berry, for honorable service in the war, having completed three-fourths of the requirements for the regular degree. Owing to military service he was unable to complete the entire course. BROWN UNIVERSITY: A.M. and A.B. L. D. Milton; A.M. Rudolph J. C. Fisher; A.B. C. W. Chinn who completes the 4 year course in 3 years. COLUMBIA UNIVERSITY: A.M. Plenyono G. Wolo, Willis Huggins, George W. A . Scott, Emory E. Fennel; B.S. William A . Robinson, Eslanda Goode. BATES COLLEGE: A.B. Ellis D. Barrow, Benjamin C. Mayes. Mr. Barrow is a member of the Phil-Hellenic Club and of the Cercle Francois. Mr. Mays took first prize in public speaking as a sophomore and in his junior year was awarded a Drew medal as a member of a winning team in intercollegiate debating; as a senior he has been given a scholarship honor in the Department of Philosophy and graduates as Class Day orator. He has been the president of three college organizations. AMHERST COLLEGE: A.B. Frederick A . Parker who has been elected to the Phi Beta Kappa. SMITHCOLLEGE: A.B. Miriam L. Courtenay BOSTONUNIVERSITY: A.B. Vera N. Guilford, Marion V. Cuthbert; LL.B. Leslie E. Becker, Benjamin W. Clayton, Clayborne George, Clifton R. Wharton SIMMON S COLLEGE : A.B. Dorothy C. Boulding RADCLIFF E COLLEGE : A.B. Helen F. Crawford, Ophelia M . C. Davidson (cum laude), Charlotte L. Smith 126 NEGRO EDUCATION THOMAS I. BROWN, PH.D., Clark University WELLESLEY COLLEGE: A . B. Dorothy Lewis WILLIAMS COLLEGE: A.B. Carter L. Marshall who is on the preliminary list of Commencement appointments with cum laude rank. DARTMOUTH COLLEGE: A.B. M . Grant Lucas, Jr. YAL E COLLEGE: A.B. Edward G. Howell who has been chiefly self-supporting throughout his course; a man of reliable character. COLGATE UNIVERSITY: A.B. Howard F. Lewis who has been a member of the Freshman Assembly and of the House of Representatives, honorary oratorical societies; B.D. William T. Parker NEW YORK UNIVERSITY: A.B. Edwin J. Morgan, winner of the $75 Sandham oratorical prize with a speech on "Lynching and Democracy"; a member of the Andiron Club and Dramatic Society; held scholarships, "state and university, to the amount of $1,000; winner of William Kendall Gillett medal; elected to Phi Beta Kappa in his senior year. SYRACUSE UNIVERSITY: A.B. Clarence Maloney. Mr. Maloney has studied at Cambridge University, England, and at Dalhousle University, Halifax. B.S. Nathaniel Green HUNTER COLLEGE: A.B. Dorothy M . Hendrickson, S. Marie Malloy, Eva R. Marshall, S. Elizabeth Townsend. Miss Town-send has been doing volunteer work in social service during her four years in college and is the founder and first president of Kappa Gamma Kappa, a club of college girls. Miss Hendrickson is a charter member of the Phi Beta Kappa. NE W YORK STATE COLLEGE: A.B. James W.	 Phillips POLYTECHNIC INSTITUTE : Mechanical Engineer, Darnley Howard, the first colored graduate. He is a member of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers. UNIVERSITY OF PENNSYLVANIA: A.B. John M . Wiseman whose general average for four years is 96.5 per cent.; winner of the George Schleicher prize in German. CARNEGIE INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY: B.S.. John C. Robinson NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY: A.B. V. D. Johnson; B.S. G. E. White; LL.B. Mrs. Jessica D. Morris; B.M. Thurman C. Charleston; D.D.S. R. R. Church; M.D. W. P. Grant FRANCIS C. SUMNER, PH.D., Clark University THE CRISIS MASTERS OF ARTS SCOTT M. TAYLOR JOHN H. ALSTON L. D. MILTON Ohio State Clark Brown KEN T COLLEGE: LL.B. Winston T. McGehee CHICAGO NORMAL TEACHERS' COLLEGE: A.B. Florida M . Thomas who is the only Negro among 150 graduates in Domestic Science. Her ranking was high throughout her course. ILLINOIS COLLEGE: A £. M . Luther Mackay who is completing the 4 year course in 3 years. He is a member of the track and football teams and a regular contributor to the college paper; his wife and three children are students in the Conservatory of Music at this institution. Mr. Mackay will enter Boston University in the fall. UNIVERSITY OF ILLINOIS: A.B. Marie F. Stevens, Althea A. Merchant, W. Ellis Stewart. Mr. Stewart is a member of Beta Chapter, Kappa Alpha Psi. B.S. Mrs. Clara S. Mosely; Civil Engineer, Oscar Randall whose scholastic average is 87% for the 4 year term. M.D. Homer V. Wilburn. Mrs. Mosely and Miss Merchant are members of the Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority. UNIVERSITY OF CHICAGO: A.M. in Divinity, William H. Jones; A.B. Virginia James, George C. Campbell. Mr. Campbell is now in the graduate divinity school for the A.M. degree. He has been the pastor of Armour Avenue Christian Church for nine years. " LL.B. Earl B. Dickerson OBERLIN COLLEGE: A.B. Mary G. Gould, Hazel M . Wells, Beulah Tyrrell, Octavia B. Wynbush, Beryl R. Jones, Mildred C. Mitchell, Bobbie B. Scott. Miss Scott is a member of the Phi Beta Kappa. Miss Tyrrell has been the only colored member of the College Y . W. C. A . Cabinet. OHIO UNIVERSITY': A.B. Lulu C. Gee, William C. Matney, James E. Newsome. Mr. Matney is finishing the 4 year course in 3 years. He is president of the Alpha Phi Alpha, a member of the College Band, of the West Virginia Student Club and of the Advisory Board of the Y. M. C. A. In 1919 he was selected as delegate to the Student Convention at Lake Geneva, Wis. Mr. Newsome was a member of the 351st F.	 A. and saw active service in France. OHIO STATE UNIVERSITY: A.M. Scott M . Taylor; A.B. Albert S. Hand, Earl D. Alexander, Phila M. McGillery, Tulman R. Thompson, R. Clyde Minor; B.S. Julian H . Wilson; M.D. Charles H. Minor; D.D.S. Hubert L. Wallace; Ph.G. George D. Bryant, Arlington Anderson UNIVERSITY OF CINCINNATI: A.B. Emma M. Belsinger, CleopatraHoward BUTLER COLLEGE: A.B.Ada Haskins INDIANA UNIVERSITY:Wilson Eagleson, Patton C.	 Hall, Edith M.  Murray Atkins, A.B.	 Roy Halford,  Hill, Chester H. NEGRO EDUCATION MASTERS OF ARTS C. H. MILLS EDWARD F. FRAZIER GEORGE W. A. SCOTT Harvard Clark Columbia Lyda; LL.B. Joseph Biggs. Mr. Eagleson is a member of the Kappa Alpha Psi. DEPAU W UNIVERSITY: A.B. Percy L. Julian. In addition to election to the Phi Beta Kappa, Mr. Julian is on the Honor List of seniors on the Commencement program, which is a smaller list generally than the Phi Beta Kappa list and for which a higher rating is necessary. WASHBURN COLLEGE: A.B. Thomas Harvey, Sherman D. Scruggs, William Bradshaw, Willrene Woods, Faye Schuck STATE UNIVERSITY OF IOWA: A.B. Helen Lucas, Helen Beshears, Mamie Diggs IOWA STATE COLLEGE: D.V.M. L. C. Bowling DRAK E UNIVERSITY: LL.B. Howard E. Drew. Mr. Drew is widely known in ath letics, specializing in short races and the 100 and 220 yard dashes. TABOR COLLEGE: A.B. Myrtle Brown. The president writes: "Miss Brown came to us 4 years ago and has earned her own way through college. She has done an exceptional piece of work and is unusually well-fitted to teach either commercial branches or English or Latin. She was my private secretary one year during her college course and I found her reliable and trustworthy in every way." UNIVERSITY OF DETROIT: LL.B. Frank J. L. Staff UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN: Ph.G. M. H. Vann MICHIGAN AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE: B.S. Oliver M. Green, Miss Tate, Herbert F. McFadden. Mr. Green is a member of the Cosmopolitan Cub, the College Band and the Alpha Phi Alpha fraternity. UNIVERSITY OF MINNESOTA: B.S. Alfred B. Zuma, a man above the average in scholarship. Mr. Zuma expects to return to Cape Colony, South Africa, after graduation. MACALESTER COLLEGE: A.B. Douglas Crane who is a member of the Honor Scholarship Society. STATE COLLEGE (Pullman, Wash.) B.S. and D.V.M. Wilfred A. Jordan, the first Negro graduate. Mr. Jordan is secretary of the Cap and Gown Committee and a member of the Washington Veterinary Medical Association. UNIVERSITY OF MANITOBA: M.D. H. N. Greenridge, who has the distinction of being the first Negro to be graduated from this university. He entered the university in 1913, coming from his home in Georgetown, British Guiana. In 1916 he went overseas and resumed his studies on his return in 1918. Hewill enter the Liverpool School of Tropical Science in the fall, specializing in tropical'diseases. Later he will return to Guiana to practice among his FRANKLIN J. GAYLES LILLIAN K. WILLIAMS CLARISSA V. KYLES CLARENCE MALONEY A.B. and B.D., Payne A.B., Wiley A.B., Hartshorn A.B.. Syracuse NATHANIEL TILLMAN THOMAS P. TURNER HENRY C BROWER MAY MILLER A.B,, Morehouse A.B,, Virginia Union A,B.. Bennett A.B., Howard ANDREW J. POLK EVERETT E, SMITH RUBY I. THOMAS CLARENCE O. HILTON A.B., Lane A.B., B.D., Virginia-Union B.S., Payne A.B.. Biddle SONOMA C. TALLEY MILBIA, A. JOHNIKIN BESSIE R. ARNETT EUGENE E. ALSTON A.B., Fisk A.B., Orangeburg, S. C A.B., Benedict A.B., Lincoln 130 NEGRO EDUCATION own people. He was active in athletics early in his student career. TEMPLE UNIVERSITY: A.B. Jessie M . Watkins, Laura E. Tyner; B.S. in Education, The Rev. Edward C. Young. Mr. Young holds the A.B. and A.M. degrees in Divinity and intends to do more graduate work; he is pastor of Phillips Brooks Memorial Chapel in Philadelphia. M.D. G. Virgil Clark, George I. King, Frederick C. Morgan; Ph.G. Warren N . Bowser, Anna J. P. Comegys, Romanus M. Fields, Phillippe Dartiguenave, Gelia V. Harris, Oley E . Horsey, George T. Hunter, John H. Lassiter, Henry M. Thomas, Benjamin Williams. Miss Comegys' average for the term is 88.7%. Miss Harris is the manager of White's Pharmacy. Chiropody, Orlean V. Manley, Sterling C. Rex UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA: A.B. Vivian Osborne who intends to return next term for an A.M.; Cornelia L. Leggett who has already been appointed a teacher in the city schools. UNIVERSITY OF KANSAS: A.B. Jennie A . Alexander, Augustus R. Cain, Irma G. Frazier, Pertilla Penn, Hallie A. Thompson; B.S. Frank C. Heariold; LL.B. Benjamin H. Brown KANSAS STATE: B.S. Helen C. Beck (20 years of age), Edlena O'Neil WESTERN RESERVE: A.B. Raymond Jackson; M.D. Armon Evans; D.D.S. Daniel Stewart; LL.B. George A. Mundy COLORED COLLEGES (The names are of ranking students in the college course) Last year there was a total of 466 graduates with degrees from colored colleges. This year there are 213 Bachelors of Arts; 27 Bachelors of Divinity; 50 Bachelors of Science; 14 Bachelors of Law; 2 Bachelors of Music; 64 in Medicine; 96 in Dentistry; 17. Graduates in Pharmacy; 57 in Nurse Training,—a	 total of 540 graduates. HOWARD UNIVERSITY: A.B. 41; B.S. 43; LL.B. 14; B.D. 1; B.M. 1; D.D.S. 36; M.D. 33;	 Ph.G.' 4. May Miller LINCOLN UNIVERSITY: A.B. 37; B.D. 3. Eugene E . Alston NATIONA L TRAININ G SCHOOL : A.B. 2. John F. Johnson PAYN E COLLEGE : A.B. and B.D. Franklin J. Gayles; B.S. Ruby I. Thomas STRAIGHT COLLEGE: A.B. George A. Parker LINCOLN INSTITUTE: A.B. John M. Finney BENNETT COLLEGE: A.B. Henry C. Brower A. &amp; M. COLLEGE (South Carolina): A.B. Milbia A. Johnikin BIDDLE UNIVERSITY: A.B. 22; B.D. 10. Clarence 0. Hilton MOREHOUSE COLLEGE: A.B. 12; B.D. 5. Nathaniel Tillman WILEY UNIVERSITY: A.B. 12. Lillian K. Williams who graduates magna cum laude. SHAW UNIVERSITY: A.B. 12. Noah H. McMurren MORGAN COLLEGE: A.B. 11. Alice I. Kelly NE W ORLEANS COLLEGE: A.B. 9. Enola E.	 Rroche VIRGINIA UNION UNIVERSITY: A.B. 7; B.D. 7. Thomas P. Turner, Everett E. Smith A. &amp; M. COLLEGE (Florida): A.B. 7; B.M.	 1; in nurse training 3. Arthur Floyd WEST VIRGINIA COLLEGIATE INSTITUTE: A.B. 6. Daniel B. Scott A. &amp; T. COLLEGE (North Carolina): A.B. 5.	 James H . Barnhill HARTSHORN MEMORIAL COLLEGE: A. B. 4. Clarissa	 V . Kyles GEORGE. R. SMITH COLLEGE: A.B. 4. Ethel H.	 Simpson BENEDICT COLLEGE: A.B. 4; in nurse training 2. Bessie R. Arnett LAN E COLLEGE: A.B. 3. Andrew J. Polk CLAFLIN UNIVERSITY: A.B. 3; B.S. 6. Seabron F. Hall TILLOTSON COLLEGE: A.B. 2 TOUGALOO COLLEGE: A.B. 2. Rachel C. Polk STATE UNIVERSITY (Kentucky): A.B. 2. Joseph P. Johnson VIRGINIA THEOLOGICAL SEMINARY: A.B. 1; B.D. 1. George A. Moore MEHARRY MEDICAL COLLEGE: D.D.S. 54; M.D. 30; Ph.G. 13; in nurse training 5. UNIVERSITY OF WEST TENNESSEE: D.D.S. 6; M.D. 1; in nurse training 9. Augustus Rivers PROVIDENT HOSPITAL (Chicago), in nurse training 10. LINCOLN HOSPITAL (New York City), in nurse training 28. This record is incomplete, but as far as it goes, it shows 378 college graduates. Normal and High School graduates to the number of 3,015 are recorded in the July issue of The Brownies' Book. National Association for the Advancement of Colored- People. THE ATLANTA CONFERENCE THE Atlanta Conference—greatest in 	dren, as well as frank discussion of reme many respects of the eleven annual dies for these and other evils, were carried, meetings of the N. A. A. C. P.—is over. most of them as the speakers made them. Much doubt was expressed prior to theConference regarding the extent to which the There was little editorial comment on the truth might be told at Atlanta during the 	Conference, however, by the southern press. first annual session eve*- held in the South. OPENING SESSION That question has been answered. Every The Conference opened on Sunday afterspeech, every testimonial, every conversanoon, May 30, with Arthur B. Spingarn of tion, was frank, straight-forward, spoken New York presiding. Mayor James L. Key without fear and in earnest sincerity that of Atlanta spoke briefly, welcoming the was completely convincing. Al l seemed deConference to the city. It had been hoped that termined to make the Conference wholly Mr. Storey would be able to be present in successful by giving the facts, facing them, person but due to his advanced age and a and devising solutions to the many probrecent illness it was decided that it would lems facing the Association. Two hundred be inadvisable to have him make the long and twenty-eight delegates and members journey South. He prepared, however, a registered, representing 92 branches and 29 paper on "The Legal Aspects of the Negro states; there were many visitors from surQuestion", which was read by Mr. Spingarn, rounding states, while the total attendance in which he pointed out the direful conseat the four mass meetings held on Sunday quences of further neglect of the Negro afternoon and on Monday, Tuesday and problem by America and by the South in Wednesday nights and at the business sesparticular. Mr. Storey quoted Henry W sions exceeded fifteen thousand persons. Grady in that great orator's declaration Many more were turned away at every mass that: meeting, for the auditorium of Bethel A. M. "The problem of the South is to carry on E. Church, the largest that could be se	within her body politic two separate races, cured,	 was totally inadequate to accommoequal in civil and political rights and nearly equal in number. She must carry them date the crowds that attended every meetseparately, for assimilation means debase ing. ment. She must carry those races in peace, for discord means ruin. She must carry them in equal justice, for to this she is PUBLICITY 	pledged in honor and in gratitude. She must carry them even unto the end, for in Especially gratifying was the attitude of human probability she will never be quit of the press. Owing to the illness of our Pubeither." licity Director, Herbert J. Seligmann, the With reference to separateness, Mr. publicity for the Conference was handled Storey declared: by Edward L. Bernays of New York City, "This cannot be understood as meaning that engaged especially for the Conference, assegregation, which the Supreme Court of the United States has declared forbidden by sisted by Miss Doris K. Fleischman, a mem the Constitution, or any separation inconber of his staff. More publicity was secured sistent with 'equal civil and political rights' at this annual meeting than ever before. and 'equal justice' to all." The proceedings of each day's session were The Rev. M . Ashby Jones, pastor of the carried throughout the country and were Ponce de Leon Avenue Baptist Church of reported with gratifying fullness and acAtlanta, made a plea for cooperation becuracy. Denunciations of lynching, distween the intelligent elements of both races. franchisement, the "Jim Crow" car, unequal The keynote of the Conference was struck educational opportunity for colored chil-by James Weldon Johnson, the last speaker, 132 N. A. A. when he declared that the five principal demands of all Negroes were: guaranty of safety of life by the abolition of lynching through federal action, if necessary; the Negro's untrammeled right to the ballot upon the same terms as other races; the abolishment of "Jim Crow" cars; equal educational and industrial opportunities; and the abolition of segregation, especially in the governmental departments in Washington. MONDAY On Monday morning committees on resolutions, time and place and one to act on the resignation of Mr. Shillady as secretary, were appointed. Delegates were then introduced and given an opportunity to state briefly the principal achievements of their branches since the 1919 Conference. This proved to be so instructive that it was continued during the afternoon session. Following this, a round table discussion of the problems of the branches with solutions found to be efficacious by other branches, consumed the rest of the afternoon session. The Monday evening session, given over to the subject, "The Labor Problem and Migration", at which Harry E. Davis of Cleveland presided, proved to be the most interesting of the evening meetings. The causes and effects of the recent migration of large numbers of colored people northward were treated from the viewpoint of the North, of the South, and of the Negro. Mrs. Florence Kelley, secretary of the National Consumers' League, told of the tremendous changes now being undergone by the colored woman worker, urging that through the development of cooperative movements, the singleness of interests of the white and colored woman workers be emphasized for the betterment of conditions of both. Eugene R. Black, president of the Atlanta Chamber of Commerce, spoke briefly. The Atlanta Plan of Inter-Racial Cooperation was explained by Dr. Plato Durham, Dean of Emory University. The closing speaker at this meeting was the Rev. R. W. Bagnall of Detroit who has made a careful study of the heavy migration to that city. Mr. Bagnall, after giving a brief historical sketch of the various migratory movements of the past, declared that inter-racial conferences had been pro-nosed with no success in the past, particularly in 1879, when a migratory movement was at its height. Stating that the colored C . P. 133 population of Detroit had increased in three years from 8,000 to well over 35,000, Mr. Bagnall gave several concrete examples of the way in which colored men from the South were making good in northern industries. A recent survey of one hundred plants in Detroit employing colored labor showed that seventy per cent, of the employers were wholly satisfied with Negro labor, twenty per cent, considered Negro labor as fairly efficient, while of the ten per cent, who considered them inefficient, several had southern white men over their colored employees. Mr. Bagnall declared that the only hope of the Negro lay in his continued migration to the North until the South was forced through economic necessity to grant the demands of the Negro. The address of Mr. Bagnall aroused great enthusiasm. TUESDAY The Tuesday morning session was given over to a discussion of the handling of legal cases by the branches and to problems relating to voting. Most picturesque of all the sessions was the presentation of the Spingarn Medal to Dr. W. E. B. DuBois on Tuesday afternoon on the campus of Atlanta University. The ceremony, with appropriate music, was held directly in front of Stone Hall, the ivy-covered building, green trees and grass making a beautiful and impressive background. Tributes were paid to the recipient by Dr. M. W. Adams, Acting President of Atlanta University; President John Hope of Morehouse College; and Miss Ovington. The presentation was made by Bishop John Hurst, Chairman of the Spingarn Medal Award Committee. The presentation was made to Dr. DuBois for his work in organizing the Pan-African Congress. "Lynching and Segregation" was the subject for discussion on Tuesday night, at which meeting Mr. Joel E. Spingarn presided. Mr. Spingarn in his opening address proposed the formation in each of the Southern States, of a permanent race commission composed of five members of each race who would not be politicians or demagogues but fearless and intelligent leaders, whose duty should be to investigate causes of friction, to make recommendations for legislative action, and to have all matters pertaining to race relations submitted for approval to such commissions before the Governor approves any such measures. Mr. Spingarn 134 THE showed that no commission will ever be ef fective until its white members recognize the equality of its colored members and learn to welcome frankness instead of resenting it. Charles Edward Russell, in attacking the lynching evil, showed that back of much of that practice lay the ignorance and illiteracy of the Southern States, and urged the for mation of a United States Bureau of Education with a secretaryship in the Cabinet. The Rev. Peter James Bryant of Atlanta and William Pickens of New York were the other speakers. Mr. Pickens was especially effective in showing the growth of the lynch ing evil and the dangers to America, if al lowed to flourish unchecked. WEDNESDAY The Wednesday morning session was given over to a discussion of branch finances. At the request of the Cleveland Conference the retiring Secretary, Mr. Shillady, had prepared a budget and method for rais ing the budget, which was presented to the Atlanta Conference. Each branch was as signed a quota based upon its former con tribution and the colored population of its city, with other facts. These quotas rep resented money sent in memberships and contributions. They did not include money for special funds or for THE CRISIS and Branch Bulletin subscriptions and sales. The ninety-one branches present at the meeting accepted their quotas with a few changes. Al l these quotas are published in the Branch Bulletin for June. The chair man, Miss Ovington, gave a careful explanation of the expenditures of the Association and of the increases attendant upon higher prices in printing, traveling, salaries, etc. The following resolution was proposed by Dr. Garrett of Houston, Texas, seconded at once by a number of delegates and carried unanimously: "That the Conference gives its unqualified endorsement of the able manner in which the finances of the National Office are handled." We trust that every branch member reading this will take a personal interest in seeing that the quota of his branch is raised. It was agreed that the wisest way to raise the quota was to bend all efforts on the membership drive in the first half of the year; then, if on July 1, the branch lacked its quota, to spend the next six months raising the money in whatever way seemed wisest, by lectures, entertainments, CRISIS donations secured from public spirited citi zens; the branch holding to the chief issue that by the end of the year it should have sent to 70 Fifth Avenue, New York, its money pledged. On Wednesday afternoon representatives from the committee on Church Cooperation met representatives of the N . A . A . C. P. an 1 the Atlanta Plan was explained. Atlanta, through the Christian Council of Evangelical Churches, carries on a social service work with five committees, Religious, Racial Relationship, Industrial Economics, Civic and Women's work. There are two church councils—one white and one colored —each complete in itself. The council is made up of a minister from each- church and two laymen appointed by the congrega tion of each church. The colored council meets with the white council once a month and minutes of other meetings are ex changed between the two groups. The ad vantage of the Atlanta Plan over the race committees that are growing throughout the South is that the Negroes are chosen by their own people, not by the whites. Work had already been accomplished in edu cation and housing. Dr. E. P. Johnson. Dr. R. H. Singleton, and Dr. Peter James Bryant are all officers in the Church Council and were instrumental in bringing about this most interesting meeting. The closing session of the Conference on Wednesday night was on the important questions of "Education and the Ballot". The speakers were Mrs. W. Spencer Murray of New York, the Rev. C. B. Wilmer of Atlanta and Dr. Du Bois. The last speaker declared: "It is the Negro question which is and must be the main question in every election in the South; it is and must be the main element in every social problem, and it must, particularly in the Negro's defenseless state, be an invitation to every lawless and reactionary element." Dr. Du Bois further declared that an entirely white world is impossible and showed that lynching, flourished directly in proportion to the extent to which Negroes were disfranchised. He stated that a full and untrammeled freedom of the ballot was the Negro's greatest weapon and that there would be no solution of the race problem until the Negro voted. At this session reports of the committees were read and adopted. Invitations had been N. A. A. C. P. received for the 1921 Conference from San Antonio, St. Louis, Omaha, Newark, Jersey City, Detroit, Lynchburg, Des Moines, Boley, Okla., and Atlantic City. Detroit was chosen, the session to be held during the latter part of June. A resolution was read regretting the resignation of Mr. Shillady. The full report of the Resolutions Committee follows: Once more we call upon the nation to consider the grievous injustices and discriminations heaped upon its colored citizens and to hear their urgent demands. With lynching and mob violence, poor schools, "Jim Crow" methods of travel, unequal justice in courts and in things economic, with disfranchisement in many states, the colored people are called upon to bear their full share of responsibility and burdens of government. We - demand such federal legislation as shall give the government at Washington adequate control of the investigation of and punishment for lynching. We denounce "Jim Crow" laws as being illegal, unconstitutional and contrary to the spirit of true American democracy. We call upon Congress to take such action as will abolish the "Jim Crow" car in interstate traffic. We demand the enforcement of the Thirteenth, Fourteenth and Fifteenth Amendments to the Constitution of the United unquestioned share of freedom for all States which guarantee to every citizen, regardless of race, creed, color or previous American citizens—regardless of color. condition of servitude, the full and free exercise of the ballot and the enjoyment of all rights inherent therein. We demand that in the states where separate schools are maintained for the education of the races, that the per capita expenditures for the education of colored children shall be equal to that for white children. We urge upon Congress such legislation as will give federal aid to common school training, with such provision as will insure each colored child its full proportionate share. It cannot be expected that leaders of colored people can forever hold out empty hope to their people and perpetually have them accept promise instead of performance. We warn America that the patience of colored people can find its limit. The political parties of the country were also memorialized, embodying the demands for the ballot, anti-lynching legislation, edu cational and industrial opportunities and the ending of segregation and "Jim Crow- ism". The results of the Conference remain to be seen. The Conference ended, however, with a deeper determination on the part -of all the delegates and members to make a stronger and more determined fight than ever before to achieve the objects for which the Association stands—for a complete and DOROTHY E. PETERSON A.B.. Porto Rico Teacher of Spanish in New York High Schools SADIE T. MOSSELL A.M., Pennsylvania Frances Serjeant Pepper, Fellowship in Economics, 1920-21 DOROTHY M. HENDRICKSON A.B., Hunter Charter Member of Chapter Nu Phi Beta Kappa JOHN M. WISEMAN WILLIAM C. MATNEY A.B., Pennsylvania ARTHUR FLOYD A.B., Ohio ELLIS D. BARROW PATTON HILL A.B., Florida CARTER L. MARSHALL A.B., Bates A.B., Indiana BENJAMIN C. MAYES WILSON EAGLESON A.B., Bates A.d., Williams O. W. CHINN A.B., Indiana W. ELLIS STEWART A.B., Brown HOWARD F. LEWIS EDWIN J. MORGAN JAMES E. NEWSOME A.B., Illinois A.B., Colgate A.B., New York A.B., Ohio M. LUTHER MACKAY EDWARD E. RIVERS H. P. DREW A.B., Illinois A.B., Harvard LL. B, Drake 136 THE NEGRO AND THE NATIONAL GUARD HON. NEWTON D. BAKER, SECRETARY OF WAR REPLYIN G to the request for informa tion contained in your letter of May 12th, I take pleasure in placing before you the reasons on which the War Department bases its policy in dealing with colored units of the National Guard. In brief, this policy is to assign National Guard units recruited from colored men to duty that will not incorporate them in a division composed of white organizations. This had led to the decision that colored troops in National Guard service be organized into pioneer infantry units that, in accordance with our tables of organization, can be assigned to duty under the command of Corps Headquarters. The Corps is the next larger tactical unit above the Division, and it consists normally of four divisions, and, in addition, several other organizations under direct control of the Corps commander to be used to supplement the work of the divisions. These additional organizations include units of various branches such as Engineers and Air Service as well as Pioneer Infantry. The War Department's decision to maintain separate divisional organizations for white and colored troops is well founded. The division, as you know, is the smallest unit of our Army in which all branches of our military service are represented. It operates as a small Army of 27,000 men, and for it to be successful, it is imperative that sourees of internal dissensions be reduced to an absolute minimum. On this account, the War Department has always avoided mixing the races within a division. Whenever it is necessary and feasible to do so the War Department plans to organize complete divisions of colored troops, but at the present time it appears that this measure should be resorted to only in time of war. The components of such a division, even if its recruitment would be practicable at all during peace time, would necessarily be dispersed over all sections of our country and consequently efficient training for it would be an impossibility. It is believed that dispassionate thought will indicate the wisdom of the War Department's present policy affecting colored units of the National Guard. Certain members of the colored race have made the mistake of assuming that the Pioneer regiments assigned to Corps headquarters are the same as the Labor battalions or the Stevedore regiments of colored personnel which were organized during the World War. The men making this mistake should be assured that their assumptions are altogether erroneous, since the mission of Corps troops is not the same as that of troops organized solely for labor purposes. The doubters that are open to reason should also be assured that the avenues now open to colored men volunteering for the National Guard lead to service that is as honorable as any to be had. The training to be given colored infantry units will be the standardized infantry training that is given to all infantry organizations. Finally, I hope you will see fit to assure our colored citizens through the columns of your periodical that the War Department fully appreciates the very creditable quality of service rendered by our colored organizations during the World War, and that in arriving at our decision concerning the future employment of colored National Guard units, we were guided solely by considerations bearing on military efficiency, and with no intention whatever of discrimination between the races that go to make up our country's population. BROWN LEAVES WINIFRED VIRGINIA JORDAN NO more uponI hear yourNo more sweetThe flowers the fra are walk  tread; grance dead!  wings— No more I stand and wait And watch for you: The wind but shifts brown leaves When day is through!   137 THE WISE GUYS OF UNOBIA ONC E upon a Time the Wise Guys of Unobia held a Convention and passed a Resolution to the Effect that Horses were Horses. At the Time this Important Resolution was being Discussed the Wise Guys were Thinking only of Black Horses, and for these they Provided Suitable Stables and Food. After a While it was Discovered that there was a number of White Horses in the Kingdom, but as all the Stables and Food had been given to the Black Horses, the Wise Guys knew not What To Do. After Pondering over the matter for a Long Time, they finally settled the matter by passing another Resolution, declaring that White Horses were Mules, and an Edict to this Effect was sent throughout the Kingdom. So Persistently was this Edict Insisted Upon that many of the Horses and the alleged Mules began toWisest Edict ever sentGuys. Even the Wiseafter a while Believedthat White Horses wereof the Horses and some Think it was the  out by the Wise  Guys themselves  that it was True  Mules. But some  of the Mules had Horse Sense, a very rare sixth sense possessed by only a few, and Insisted that the alleged Mules were really Horses and ought to have the same Stabling and Food as the Black Horses. But the Wise Guys would not have it so, and Continued to Treat the White Horses like Mules, spending a great deal of Time and Effort in trying to make them Live as Mules should Live. There came a Day—days do come, even to dogs, as I have Heard, but do not Assert —when the Wise Guys desired to go on a Picnic. But they found that a large number of the Black Horses, being neglected, did a strange thing—or rather, a thing had happened to Them which had not been Thought Of, even by the Wise Guys—they had become Wild and Unmanageable, so that only a Few of them could be ridden with Safety. So the Wise Guys had to ride Mules—some of them. So Splendidly did the Mules Do Everything that the best Horse Would, Could or Should Do, that when the Picnic was Over and the Wise Guys had returned to their homes, they said it was the best Picnic they ever had had, while the Riding was all that could be Desired. Then the Mules said, "We have Proved that we are Horses; give us Stables and Food the Same as the Black Horses." But the Wise Guys said, "Nay, not so, you are Mules, for We have so Decreed." So the Mules that were not nor ever had been Mules, but Horses, went away thinking —thinking—thinking—what do you think? AN ANSWER SENATOR MEDILL MCCORMICK IN the February number of TH E CRISIS, of which I am in receipt of a copy, there is republished in part an interview attributed to me in the public press some weeks ago and which utterly misrepresented my views, partly by actual misquotation and partly by omission of the essential context of that small portion of my remarks which was accurately quoted. I do not have to point out how completely the meaning of a statement may be distorted by such an omission. I had commented upon the violence which had broken out in some northern cities and expressed fears—only too well grounded, it was subsequently proved—that there would be other outbreaks because of the conduct of certain whites and Negroes. As I said in a statement published in the New York Times and other newspapers and which served in some measure to correct the previous misrepresentation of my views: "Lawless elements, both among the whites and the blacks, have been responsible for the 138 PEONAGE IN bloodshed. In Chicago the homes of good citizens—respectable and law abiding Negroes—were bombed. In some quarters men have tried by violence to prevent Negroes from working. "On the other hand, among the thousands of Negroes who have come north during the war, there have been some miscreants like those who, in Washington, have attacked women, and others whose truculence in public places invited resentment. "The city of Chicago and the state of Illinois resorted to force in order to restore and maintain order. That was necessary, but it is not enough. "The two races will live side by side, in peace, only if we honestly face the elements of friction and candidly take steps to accommodate Jheir differences and their interests. GEORGIA "The successful, law abiding colored people, many of whom have lived in Chicago Tor years, and the white citizens immediately concerned in the problems of Negro employment and residence, no less than the civil authorities, have got to unite upon a policy and find a solution or we shall live in danger of a renewal of race rioting. "And there must be equal justice in the punishment of violators of the peace. "We cannot have race rioting in the North become the bloody counterpart of lynching in the South." Whether we are agreed or disagreed as to the measures necessary now to be taken to bring about a better concord between the colored and white races, I feel certain that the Editor of TH E CRISIS will not wish to leave uncorrected the misrepresentation of my views which found its way into his columns. PEONAGE IN GEORGIA THE question of labor in the part of the country where I live is quite different from that which obtains here. We have no labor unions; we have no large, established industries in which to find our people work; but we are mostly farmers and we deal directly with the red-nosed Georgia cracker on the farm, and the bulk of the labor there is ignorant. The Negroes there have been the victims of crooks who prey upon their ignorance. They get them to sign labor contracts and hold out to them large possibilities at the beginning of the year, move them to their farms, and furnish them with such things as they need to begin with. In a few months, when the crops ar"e almost made, they shut down. In too many instances I have met, my people with as many as six to twelve in family. They had worked a year, the head of the family had been charged with some petty crime, and they had been driven from their farms. The white farmer has taken advantage of conditions that have grown out of the war, and as he gives the laborer better wages, he runs up the rent in proportion to the increase of wages, so that the black man is practically on the farm just where he was before the war. If I rented a farm for 1,500 pounds of cotton last year and that cotton went up to thirty-five cents, the owner went back and put on a thousand pounds more. The owner will demand not diversified farming, but will so arrange it that you cannot farm intensively. You must plant cotton. You cannot plant and work a grain crop. Another feature is that when these people sign these contracts, they find themselves all tied up, and the man in the family tries to get himself out by running away somewhere. A warrant is sworn out and that man is hunted down, arrested and locked in chains and brought back and put in jail. He is incarcerated for the next two years. Not one, not two, but scores of instances have been brought to me. This condition obtains in Early County, Dooly County, Worth County, Decatur County, Toombs County and Morgan County. G. E. WHITE HELE N C. BECK OSCAR RANDALL CLARA S. MOSELY B.S., Northwestern W. A. ROBINSON B.S., Kansas MISS TATE B.S., Illinois NATHANIEL GREEN B.S., Illinois HERB. F. McFADDEN B.S., Columbia JOHN H. LASSITER Ph.G., Temple GEORGE I, KING M.D., Temple B.S., Michigan GELIA V. HARRIS Ph.G., Temple HUBERT L. WALLAC E D.D.S., Ohio B.S., Syracuse A. J. P. COMEGYS Ph.G,, Temple STERLING RE X Chiropody, Temple B.S., Michigan GEORGE T. HUNTER Ph.G., Temple HOMER V. WILBURN M.D., Illinois 140 THE Looking Glass LITERATURE ANDREA RAZAFKERIEFO after the poem by John McCrae: In Flanders fields where poppies blow, Beneath the crosses, row on row, We blacks an endless vigil keep—Yea, we, though dead, can never sleep-Ingratitude has made it so. Why are we here? Why did we go From loving homes, that need us so? Was it for naught we gave our lives, On Flanders fields? Ye blacks who live, to you we throw The torch; be yours to face the foe A t home; and ever hold it high, Fight for the things for which we die, That we may sleep, where poppies grow, In Flanders fields. * * * We have received The Up-Reach, a new magazine hailing from Chicago, 111., edited by Willis N . Huggins. We have found this first issue interesting and able and welcome the newcomer into the field. * * * "Negro Migration During the War" has come to us, edited by David Kinley of the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace. It is compiled by Emmett J. Scott and others and consists of fourteen chapters. These cover the causes, spread, points of penetration and methods of meeting this phenomenon in the regions where • it is most concentrated. The volume besides being well indexed has an especially valuable bibliography. It should be introduced into all the colleges in the country. * * * H . F. Vivian writes us from London: "Gen. Von Lettor was the Commander of the German forces in East Africa and his 'Reminiscences' have been published recently by Hurst and Blackett of London, but the Times U at present featuring a series of extracts from the book that make very interesting reading. We learn from them of Von Letter's anticipation of the Great War, of the steps he took in preparation for it, of the training of his native troops and of his organization of the military defences of the colony. We glean facts full of a sad interest, such as that the total German forces in East Africa consisted of 3,500 Europeans and 16.000 black men; but that the proportion of Europeans to natives was greater among the Germans than among the Allies. We learn of Von Letter's complete satisfaction with his native troops, of his appreciation of their fidelity and devotion, and of his slightly critical attitude towards some of his own countrymen who were lacking in a decent, self-respecting belligerency. "The publication of Von Lettor Worbeck's book of reminiscences has excited much interest here. It has also furnished the occasion for the showering of many bouquets on the African soldier for his fighting qualities. The Times itself asserted the equality of the 'well trained African soldier, led by white men, to all but the finest white troops'. And it added that the military prowess of the black men suggested uneasy thoughts to the South African. There is a moral in this, and it needs no pointing. * * * "The Daily Telegraph publishes a long article from a Special Correspondent in Liberia dealing with the economic future of that country. The writer after defining the cause of Liberia's backwardness in the past as her obstinate refusal to allow 'White Capital' a free hand in the development of the country, gives an interesting picture of Mr. President King. His portrait is of a cultivated and intellectually vigorous man, having a sound appreciation of the good points of 'commercialism' which (so we gather) tend so largely to be overlooked today. The article concludes: 'The time of Liberia's stagnation is assuredly past; with President King in the saddle the future is rosy. The point is whether Britain will share in that future.' The nature of Britain's share was suggested in the preceding paragraphs: 'Hence the necessity for Britons to study this little hermit Republic, that is to say, if they desire to profit while there is yet time.' " FRANCE AND HER "COLONIALS" SOMEWHERE, somehow, the idea is be ing disseminated that black soldiers who were good enough to fight for France are for some inexplicable reason not good enough to guard France. The London Nation says: It is not generally known that the French have stationed thousands of Negro troops in the Rhine province and the Palatinate. There are, I believe, something like 30,000 of them in the area occupied under the peace treaty. The bulk of these men, let it be well understood, are primitives, some of them torn from their homes under circumstances which compelled the resignation of the governor-general of French West Africa. Bar 141 142 THE barism per se is no crime, and no subject for opprobrium. Ihe crime is that of those who train barbarism for scientific slaughter, and who thrust barbarians—barbarians belonging to a race inspired by Nature, and for good reason, with tremendous sexual instincts—into the heart of Europe. The marvel is that the abhorrence which this policy is creating does not find more frequent expression. The New York Globe affects to base its disapproval of this procedure not on prejudice but on the high moral ground that to approve is to counsel the use of mercenaries: Whatever the reasons advanced by the French government for policing Germany with imperfectly civilized natives of Africa, any layman's conscience would condemn the action as wrong and indefensible. Not because the soldiers are Negroes, not mainly becausa they might be objectionable to the inhabitants of the occupied regions—though this last is probably true—but because they are, in all essentials, mercenaries in the pay of a government to which they owe no national allegiance. In the case of Constantinople, patrolled in part by British Indians and French Africans, the excuse of expediency may be sufficient. These forces were near at hand. But there are plenty of Frenchmen under'arms to keep guard over the territories to the north, and it appears a gratuitous and somewhat sinister threat that irresponsible aliens should be detailed to that region. * * * It is a little difficult to explain why England, who lost far fewer men in the recent struggle than France, may with impunity employ colonials in the Levant. Certainly the Germans cannot complain of worse treatment than that which they themselves accorded to the inhabitants of northern France. Mariano de Cavia asks in El Sol of Madrid, Spain: How are these black Senegalese who arc encamped on the grounds of the University of Frankfort to the shame and chagrin of the aforesaid Chancellor—how are they conducting themselves within the Temple of Minerva? Have they profaned its lecture-halls? Have they destroyed its laboratories? Have they sacked and wrecked its library? Just to the contrary. The Negroes have conducted themselves in direct contrast to the manner in which those great blond giants (after Nietzsche) threw themselves against Europe six years ago. Let the inhabitants of Frankfort remind themselves of the University of Louvain and, upon seeing themselves guarded by Negroes who neither burn them, rob them or fix them on bayonets, they will be forced to accept in gratitude that which today seems to them CRISIS a cause for shame. I say "seems" because the people of Frankfort, although they have lost the art of taking responsibility, have surely not lost all memory. Still very recent is the case of Louvain, where those who took on the form of barbarians were not Negroes. . # * * E. D. Morel writes in the Freeman of more significant dealings of the French "militarists" with African troops: On 30 July, 1919, conscription was decreed for all natives throughout the entire area of French West Africa and French Equatorial Africa—an area over two million square miles in extent and containing a native population estimated at just under twenty millions. A decree of 12 December, 1919, applies the West African decree to Madagascar, which covers 228,000 square miles and has a population of over three millions. The recruiting of a further 28,900 men in West Africa is now proceeding in the following proportions: Senegal, 7,000; upper Senegal—the Niger region—5,600; upper Volta, 5,600; Guinea, 4,000; Ivory Coast, 4,200; Dahomey, 2,500. From 1922 onward it is estimated that this Negro army will consist of three classes and will total 100,000. It is anticipated that Madagascar, the French West Indian Islands, the French Somali Coast and the group of islands in the Pacific will furnish among them a further 100,000 men. This, of course, does net take into account the Arab and Berber contingents from Algeria, Tunis and Morocco, which may be reckoned up another 100,000 at least. The Negro conscripts will serve three years, and two out of the three will be spent, according to the French mili tary and colonial newspapers, in France. . . . What of the distinctively European issue? For the European democracy, this militarizing of the African tropics and this introduction of African troops upon European soil is a terrific portent. The French militarists whose schemes in Europe are a menace to the world, inform us that they intend to have a standing army of 200,000 colored troops in France, of whom 100,000 will be primitive Africans. They will be used by the French militarists all over Europe in pursuance of their avowed purposes. They will garrison European towns. They will be billeted in European homes. They will kill Europeans who object to the policy of the French militarists. They will be used, no doubt, to fire upon French workingmen should these at any time come into collision with the ruling classes in France. These are some of the vistas which this policy uncovers. . . . Negroes, Malagasies, Berbers, Arabs, flung into Europe by the hundred thousand in the interests of a capitalist and militarist order. That is the prospect —nay, that is the actuality—which the forces of organized European labor have got to face, and face squarely. THE LOOKING GLASS EARLY AFRICAN AND MODERN ART A COLLECTION of early African sculpture exhibited at the Chelsea Book Club, 25 Cheyne Walk, London, England, seems, according to some critics, to be the forerunner of modern art. The London Sunday Express opines—rather nastily— that Jacob Epstein "has still a lot to learn" from these ancient black sculptors. The article proceeds: It seems to be undoing the work of many sedulous art critics if you call the modernist sculptors a set of incompetent plagiarists who have invented nothing new, but simply stolen their ideas from unknown long dead Ethiopians. . . . This collection represents the cream of savage art accomplished between the eleventh and sixteenth centuries. There are wooden statues and statuettes of unknown African kings and hierophants. These are not the familiar fetishes of the ethnological galleries or the travellers' collection of grotesques, but are essentially portraits. The chisels are unknown Negro disciples of Phidias who have cut out of the hard wood a National Portrait Gallery of the Congo swamps. Here are proud potentates, witch doctors capable of malevolent magic, women priestesses of Voodoo and Obeah. Al l are savage primitive decorative works;, but nevertheless they are Art. They present an accurate parallel with modern futurist sculpture. . . . This is where the futurists, vorticists, neocubists, and the Negroes all agree. They all want to do the same thing. They want to distort all the beauty of the human form into a grotesque, deformed design or pattern. The savages' carvings show a wonderful plastic quality, and it is remarkable what a high standard their native art achieved. They have several advantages over our modern sculptors, though. There is no mock Agricultural modesty about the Negroes, for one thing, and their living subjects were highly tattooed as well. They have been able to embellish their portrait statues by leaving the tattoo design in high relief, and certain holes in the structures have evidently been meant to hold artificial beards or wigs in order to give an even more lifelike representation of the deceased chief. * * * Mr. John Middleton Murry says in the London Nation: Here we touch a fons et origo of what is vaguely known as modern art. There is another: the painting of Cezanne. We are beginning to know a little about Cezanne. We know a good deal less about Negro sculpture. Not for the lack of opportunity; for the British Museum contain.-, the finest collection in the world. . . . These Negro sculptors were doing their utmost, in some cases, to represent the human form exactly, in others to express its salient plastic qualities. Some were artists, some were not. Al l of them were hampered to some extent by a lack of knowledge; all of them, we are inclined to believe, were fascinated by the problem of rendering the head. That was to them more important than anything else. With the rest of the body they dealt summarily, with one remarkable exception, the figure of a Dog-headed God, where the arms are rendered with surprising mastery and the figure from the waist up is indubitably beautiful. . . . There are many strange conventions to be seen in this exhibition; but the only one which seems to me to be triumphantly successful is that which is employed to render the face in the Dog-headed God and the Ceremonial Mask. The face is conceived as a single, slightly carved surface stretching from the eyes to the raised mouth. It is impossible to describe; but I cannot help feeling that it is a plastic discovery of the first importance. SCHOOLS FOR COLORED GEORGIA THE Atlanta Independent says: The population of the State of Georgia is approximately, white—1,700,000; colored, 1,300,000—colored people constituting approximately 44 per cent of the whole population. For For White Colored Youth Youth Maintenance State University $ 75,000.00 Nothing Extension Agricultural College 20,000.00 Nothing Georgia School of Technology 110,000.00 None 12 District Agricultural Schools . .. 180,000.00 None North Georgia College 26,500.00 None State Medical College 35,000.00 NoneState Normal School 70,000.00 None Georgia Normal and Industrial College 97,500.00 None' South Georgia Nor mal College 35,000.00 None GeorgiaAgricultural andIndustrial College (Wright, principal), Savannah $10,000.00 Georgia Agricultural Industrial Normal Teachers' College (Holley, Principal), Albany 5,000.00 Total $649,000.00 $15,000.00 144 THE The New Beford, Mass. Sunday Standard considers: The problem of Negro education is the problem of the education of a nation in the practice of justice. That the Negroes are not getting justice at the hands of very many communities of the South needs only this one piece of evidence to prove—that the per capita expenditure in public school teachers' salaries in Georgia for instruction of white children, six to fourteen years of age, is about six times the per capita expenditure for teaching colored children of the same ages. This is on the authority of the Georgia State Bureau of Education, which further says that "the only provision made by the State for agricultural, industrial, higher and normal schools was, up to 1917, an appropriation of $8,000 toward the Georgia StateAgricultural and Mechanical school, largely supported by federal funds. Negro teachers in rural districts are poorly trained, the houses are in bad condition, and in the black belt they are inadequate for the masses of Negroes who live on plantations. With this the acknowledged situation in one of the recognized more progressive Southern States, exact figures are not needed to show how far less than justice the southern Negroes are receiving in the matter of education. At other points justice lapses before the equitable degree. Conditions justify the statement that "this is a crucial time for the Negroes of the United States; the next few years are freighted with possibilities of progress or of disaster." THE NEGRO PRESS SPEAKS JAMES WELDON JOHNSON writes in the New ON THE ANTI-LYNCHIN G York Age: BIL L News despatches of May 22 from Washington state that the House Judiciary committee had reported out an "Anti-Lynching Law" and had it placed on the calendar for early consideration. This is the result of the organized and persistent effort which has been going on for nearly a yearto have Congress pass a Federal law regarding lynching. Of course, the reporting out of the bill does not mean that it is certain that it will become a law; but it is an important step, in that it places the measure before Congress, where it must be discussed and voted up or down. The mere fact that an antilynching bill is before Congress ought to have some effect on those sections where lynching is a pastime. Colored organizations and individuals throughout the country should immediatelytake the initiative in a supreme effort to lift the Anti-Lynching Bill over this third hurdle. They should at once telegraph and write to their representatives in Congress urging them to support this bill, and they CRISIS should get as many white organizations and individuals as possible to do likewise. It will be very effective if the women in those states where women have the vote write personal letters to their Congressmen urging the passage of this law; there is nothing to which a Congressman from a suffrage state listens more attentively than to a request from a woman voter. People and press should get behind this matter and push it to the finish. We must not let the Anti-Lynching Bill die where it is, after getting it so far. with the This deplorable fact is true A "back to the farm" move-O N NEGRO ment is advocated by the Richmond FARMERS , Va., S i .Luke's Herald: City life is working havoc race.in the South and North alike. Many of our finer types are criminally destroyed by the brilliant though vicious attractions found in all of the larger civic centers in the country. The victims may be counted in the thousands. The result is demoralizing and perceptably lowers the physical and moral stamina of the entire race. . . . Farm life in the North is attractive in that its social prospects are on a level with its compensating advantages. This is proven by the existence of prosperous and progressive farming groups of the race in Illinois, Michigan, Iowa and even in the Dakotas. The cities have their attractive features but don't overlook the profit and health of farm life in the North. It is one hundred per cent. .real. * * * The Baltimore, Md., Afro-ON THE American discusses the signif- M. E. icance of the M. E. Confer-CONFERENCE ence held recently at Des Moines: Of the 850 delegates attending the conference just seventy-seven of them are colored, two being from Liberia. Without the help of the better thinking element in the church, the motion for colored bishops would have failed in this conference, just as it has failed in every conference of the past twenty-five years. But it did not fail. It went over with a record vote. This vote carries with it more than is evident on the surface. It is an announcement to the Methodist-Episcopal Church South, that the Methodist Episcopal Church North will not compromise on the color question. With the conference voting for colored bishops, the conference knows that the Southern Branch of Methodism will be more than ever opposed to unification. Yet knowing this thing, and ardently wishing for a united church North and South, the Conference deliberately voted for colored bishops over colored churches. THE HORIZON COMPILED BY MADELINE G. ALLISON . EDUCATION AMONG 10 men chosen at Brown University in the Preliminary Trial for the Varsity Debating Team, is Louis L. Redding, a graduate of the colored Howard High School, Wilmington, Del. C In the Dartmouth-Columbia meet in New York, J. A. Shelburne, a Negro sprinter of Dartmouth, won the 100 and the 220 yard dashes. C Among two Harvard Historical Studies to go for third impressions is "The Suppression of the African Slave Trade to the United States" by W. E. B. DuBois. The book contains 335 pages and is listed at ?2.00. C Dr. E. E. Just of the Department of Zoology and Physiology at Howard University has received the first grant to be made by the National Research Council to a Negro scientist. Dr. Just is a graduate of Dartmouth. C Naurice N . Francis is the first Negro to receive a degree from Illinois College of Chiropody. C F. Eugene Corbie, a colored student of DeWitt Clinton High School, New York City, won first prize in the inter-scholastic oratorical contest held at Swarthmore Col lege and was awarded the Phi Kappa Psi cup. C A colored fraternity, the Alpha Phi Alpha, has for the first time in the history of Ohio University had charge of the convocation. A large number of students and visitors, white and colored, were present. d The State Organization of Teachers of Colored Children of New Jersey has held its annual meeting at Camden, N . J., with 200 teachers present. A feature of the organization is the development of Study Centers where teachers study together their problems. The meeting next year will be held in Atlantic City. W. R. Valentine, Principal of the Bordentown Industrial School, was re-elected president. C Because of the clause prohibiting Negroes from membership in fraternities at the University of Pennsylvania, colored students have formed the Daniel H . Williams Surgical and Oral Society in honor of this well known Negro physician. Rus sell Nelson is president. C Mr. Benjamin G. Brawley of Morehouse College has been on leave of absence to visit Liberia and to report on the condition of Monrovia College to the American Coloni •WINSTON T. McGEHEE JOSEPH BIGGS GEORGE A. MUNDY EARL B. DICKERSON LL.B., Kent LL.B., Indiana LL.B., Western Reserve LL.B,, Chicago 145 146 T HE VASHTI C. MAXWELL A.B., Brown Executive Secretary of Gicharbu Club of Girls in New York, for whom a committee is endeavoring to secure a clubhouse. The organization is non sectarian, self-governing and hopes to be self- supporting. zation Society. He was accompanied by his wife and has just returned to America. C Virginia Union University debating team is winner of the triangular debate with Wilberforce and Lincoln. The subject was, "Resolved: That Compulsory Arbitration Should Become a National Policy". C The Y. M. C. A. has an unexpended balance of $5,000,000 which was raised for educational work during the war work campaign, $2,000,000 of which has been appropriated for use in 1920. Ex-servicemen having honorable discharges should communicate with the United Y. M. C. A. Schools, 347 Madison Avenue, New York City, for information and scholarships. C The Rev. Pezavia O'Connell, for three years pastor of Cary M. E. Church, Cleveland, Ohio, has accepted the Deanship of Morgan College, Baltimore, Md., succeeding William Pickens. Dr. O'Connell was a professor at Gammon and Howard before coming to Cleveland. C Dr. Albert Bushnell Hart of Harvard University and Dr. Charles R. Brown of Yale University have been elected to mem CRISIS bership on the Board of Trustees of Howard University. POLITICS EDWARD H. WRIGHT has been elected Committeeman in the 2nd Ward, Chicago, by a plurality of 2,906 votes. He will be the only Negro on the County Central Committee. C A Negro, J. H. Blount, at Forrest City, Ark., will run for Governor as an "Independent Republican". (I Mrs. S. Joe Brown, a colored woman of Des Moines, was one of 7 women delegates to the Iowa State Presidential Convention of the Republican Party. G Republicans of Missouri included among 8 alternates to the National Convention, a colored woman. C E. Bernard Taylor of Baltimore, an al ternate delegate at large to represent Maryland at the Republican National Convention, is the first Negro appointed since 1880. THE CHURCH FIRSTPresbyterian Church, Santa Barbara, Cal., added 271 subscribers to current expenses and 165 to benevolences during last year and raised $12,648. The Rev. Clarence A. Spaulding is pastor. C Concord Baptist Church in Brooklyn, N . Y., has celebrated its 73rd reunion. It has 1600 members and 614 Sunday School pupils. During last year $20,400 was raised, of which there is a balance of $4,103. C The General Conference of the A . M . E . Church has been held in St. Louis, Mo., with Congressman Dyer as a speaker. The plan of organic reunion of the A. M. E. Z., the C. M. E. and the A. M. E. Churches was adopted. Five bishops were elected: W. D. Johnson, A. J. Carey, W. Sampson Brooks, W. T. Vernon and W. A. Fountain. Bishops were assigned as follows: W. Sampson Brooks, Sierra Leone, West Africa; J. A. Johnson, Baltimore; W. D. Chappelle, S. Carolina; W. W. Beckett, Mississippi; W. D. Johnson, Texas; John Hurst, Florida; I. N. Ross, Arkansas; J. M. Connor, Canada; A. J. Carey, Tennessee; W. T. Vernon, South Africa; W. A. Fountain, South America. The resolution granting equal suffrage to women, which carries with it the right to elect and be elected trustees as well as to be elected to the electoral college where delegates are elected to the general conference, was adopted. The Committee on Revision of the Discipline reported a pension THE HORIZON fund to be under the Financial Department, by which widows, orphans and superannuated ministers will be paid direct from that department instead of by the annual conferences. Ministerial salaries were raised for presiding elders to $1,800; for married elders, $1,200; and unmarried ministers, $700. C The Rev. Drs. Robert E. Jones and Matthew W. Clair were elected bishops by the M . E . Conference at Des Moines, marking the first appointment of colored bishops in this denomination. G. The A. M. E. Z. Conference in session at Knoxville, Tenn., adopted the vote for unification with Brazil, South America, which adds 200,000 members and 300 churches. Dr. John W. Wood and the Rev. P. A. Wallace were elected bishops. C The A. M. E. Z. Church has passed its quota 41% in the Interchurch World Movement drive, having collected $300,000 instead of $212,000. C The Rev. R. D. Merchant has been pastor of First Baptist Church at Coolwell, Va., for 44 years. C Antioch Baptist Church, Cleveland, is the first of that denomination to reach its quota,—$21,494, in the Interchurch World Movement campaign. The Rev. H . C. Bailey is pastor. MEETINGS THE 7th annual session of the Inter-State Dental Association will be held at Bayshore Hotel, Buckroe Beach, Va., July 7-9. C The B. M. C. of the Morris faction of Odd Fellows will convene in New York City September 13-19. The organization represents a membership of 600,000 and it is expected that 20,000 delegates and visitors will be present. MUSIC AND ART THE colored Quality Amusement Corporation has acquired control of the Putnam Theatre in Brooklyn, N. Y. C. The Varsity Dramatic Society of New York University has accepted "The Return", a one act play by a Negro student, Edwin J. Morgan, for production. (I Alice M. Pettyjohn, of Amherst, Mass., a soprano, is having successful recitals at San Antonio, Tex. Miss Pettyjohn has studied at Oberlin and the New England conservatories. C "Golden Crown" and "Standin' in de Need o' Prayer", Negro spirituals, have been sung by Oscar Seagle, baritone, for the Columbia Company. (I The Quality Amusement Corporation has accepted for production a drama, "The Racial Tangle", by Henry F. Downing. The corporation and Mr. Downing are colored. G Sagaston St. Pierre, a 1920 colored graduate of the Henderson School of Oratory, in New York City, presented several numbers on the program. d Wilbur P. Johnson, Bachelor of Music from Syracuse University, has given a re cital at St. Phillips Church, Brooklyn, N. Y. Mr. W. Carman Hardy was accompanist. (I Cleota Collins, soprano, and Louie Jones, violinist, have appeared in recitals at St. John's Church, Cleveland. The afternoon concert was free for Sunday School chil dren, over 600 of whom attended; in the evening 1,200 adults were present? CThe Community Musical and Sing Association of Olivet Baptist Church, Chicago, has given a pageant and masque at Orchestra Hall, under the direction of Mr. R. A. Austin. Twenty-four hundred dollars were raised. C The choir of St. Mark's M. E. Church, of New York City, gave its annual concert at Carnegie Hall, under the direction of E. Aldama Jackson, organist and choirmaster. The program included works of the following Negro composers: S. Coleridge-Taylor, J. Rosamond Johnson, H. T. Burleigh, R. N. Dett, A. R. Grant and E. A. Jackson. Mascagni's "Cavalleria Rusticana" was used as Part II of the program, with the Misses Minnie Brown, Marianna Johnson and Ethel Clarke, and Messrs. Charles Waters and Garfield Warren Tarrant as soloists. Miss Lydia Mason and Mr. A. R. Grant were at the pianos and Melville Charlton at the organ. THE GHETTO IN answer to our annual inquiry as to Negro graduates, Dean Olive Thomas writes from Ohio, "Oxford College is exclusively for white women." C Governor Cooper of South Carolina, speaking at the annual dinner of the Palmetto State Society, advocated the repeal of the 14th and 15th Amendments and said: "I do not approve of any further surrender of State sovereignty to the Federal Government." G Four colored women are in jail at Muskogee, Okla., for refusing to ride in the Jim-Crow section of a street car. THE CRISIS CRIME THE following lynchings have taken place since our last record: Tampa, Fla., May 8, unidentified porter of the Atlantic Coast Line, shot; alleged insult to a white woman. Beaumont, Tex., Charles Arling, flogged to death by masked men; charged with threatening a white man. INDUSTRY MESSRS. H. H. WILLIAMS, R. B. Bassa and J. F. Johnson, Negroes at Hastings, Fla., netted $25,000 each this spring in their Irish potato industry. G Property including 26 stores and 54 apartments in the South Side of Chicago, has been purchased by Jesse Binga, a Negro banker. G Negroes at Stephens, Ark., have oil land from which they have collected $75,000. G At Shreveport, La., oil producing wells are on the former cotton farm of Charley Jackson, a Negro, and he is scheduled to become a millionaire. William Chatham is drawing large royalties each month as a result of oil wells on his land. The Frost Oil Company has 4 wells on land owned by William Hardy. G Machinists of Oregon and Washington in convention at Tacoma, voted: Hereafter all non-whites (Negroes, Japanese, Filipinos, etc.) will be admitted on the same footing with whites. C Mr. F. V. Babb, a Negro in the employ of Kriebel &amp; Co., investment bankers in Chicago, 111., has been promoted to manager of a colored branch which the company has established. G The United Investment Company, organized last year by Negroes in Atlanta, Ga., has purchased at $100,000 a three-story structure for an office building. The company has acquired rights to several hun dred thousand feet of timber and has installed its own sawmill and other machinery for producing material with which to erect homes. Mr. J. B. Long is president. CThe Domestic Life and Accident prime factor in the organization, has served the Standard Life, Atlanta Mutual, Mammoth Life and Fireside Mutual Insurance companies. G Gordon V, Green, a Negro at Montclair, N . J., has been appointed to an $1,800 position through civil service examination in which he was first among 53 white applicants. His average was 98 1/2%. C At Louisville, Ky., Negroes are organizing the First Standard Bank; $60,000 of a $100,000 capital has been subscribed. Thirty-five members of the Organization Committee each subscribed for $1,000 to $2,500 worth of stock. Mr. W. W. Spradling is chairman of the committee. SOCIAL PROGRESS COLORED citizens of Richmond, Va., have bought Lakeview Park for a playground and recreation center. The Rev. W. H. Branch, pastor of Seventh Street Baptist Church, is chairman of the Board of Directors. C Judge Skinner, of the Civil District Court at New Orleans, has rejected the petition of residents against the erection by Albert Fabacher of a Negro tenement in Dryades Street. G The colored population of Freehold, N. J., is 250; their real estate holdings amount to $52,000. CThe Council of Colored Women of Richmond, Va., with a membership of 1,400, has closed a drive in which $2,500 was raised for the Community House for Colored People, and $1,000 for the salary of the colored Visiting Nurse. Mrs. Maggie L. Walker is president of the Council. C Charles W. Brown at Buffalo, N. Y., has won a case of $750 against the Gaiety Theatre for discrimination. C Merle Harper, a Negro of Buffalo, N. Y., who was temporarily employed as a special officer of the New York Central Railroad, has been promoted to the position of patrolman. C Iola Day of the Ohio Board of State Charities, at Columbus, is making a state wide appeal for intelligent Christian homes for colored dependent children. Among these are several lads from 8 to 14 years, two girls 13 years, one bright, dark-skinned girl of 6 years and two bright, dark-skinned brothers, aged 2 and 4 years. Of 1,000 chil are colored. G Negroes at Hastings, Fla., own 5,000 acres of land valued at $1,500,000. G Dr. Leon J. Reid, of Hastings, Fla., has been appointed Surgeon for the Clifford Insurance Company has been chartered at Louisville, Ky., by Negroes. Mr. G. P. Hughes, dren under the care of the State, one-sixth THE HORIZON 149 Keay Lumber Corporation, a white concern that employs 300 men. Dr. Reid is a grad uate of Meharry, 1916. 0 Negro delegates, to the number of 20, at the convention of the American Federation of Musicians meeting in Pittsburgh, were denied the use of passenger elevators at Hotel William Henry; but they carried a pro test to the Mayor, and the discrimination was stopped. C Mayor Taylor at Wilmington, Del., has appointed Dr. Harvey Murray, head of the City Board of Health, and Harry Irons, as Health Inspector. Both appointees are Ne groes. C At Trenton, N . J., 4 Negroes were re cently appointed to the police force, 2 Negroes as inspectors in the Ash Collection Department and a number of colored firemen are soon to be appointed. C According to Dr. W. H. Wright's direct ory, colored people in Memphis, Tenn., have $2,000,000 in colored banks and own $8,000,000 worth of property; there are 89 physi cians, 28 dentists, 17 lawyers, 4 jewelers, 76 tailors, 66 dressmakers, 20 music teachers, 2 candy manufacturers, 210 hair-dressing establishments, 130 restaurants, 107 churches, 87 barber shops, 14 undertakers, 8 drug stores, 12 taxi stands and 4 newspa pers. C Negro physicians have opened the Booker Washington Sanitarium in New York City and Alpha Hospital in Columbus, Ohio. CIn Judge Davis Freeman's court, Genevieve Lowe, a teacher in Cuyler School, has won a verdict of $537 in a Jim-Crow suit against the Savannah Electric Company. When Miss Lowe failed to obey the con ductor's Jim-Crow orders, he had her ar rested, causing her to be "humiliated, em barrassed and mortified". C George W. Watty, John B. Cooper, John A. Matthews and John Goldsborough, Negroes at Baltimore, Md., have been appointed constables. G Mrs. La won R. Biuce, a colored woman in New York City, has been appointed policewoman. C Victor R. Daly, in New York City, formerly a Lieutenant in the 367th Infantry, has won a verdict of $300 against the "Pig and Whistle" for refusing to serve him and his party. MR. AND MRS. CORNELIUS W, JOHNSON G Mr. and Mrs. Cornelius W. Johnson at Erie, Pa., have celebrated their fiftieth wedding anniversary. The Army and Navy Auxiliary presented the couple with a gold-lined loving cup. FRATERNITIES SEVENTEE N candidates received the 33d degree in Masonry at the annual session of the United Supreme Council in Philadelphia. James R. Rickards, of Detroit, Mich., is Grand Commander. G The Diamond'Jubilee, commemorating its 75th anniversary, has been celebrated by Most Worshipful Grand Lodge Free and Accepted Mason G Pioneer and East Bay State Lodges of Elks at Boston, Mass., have amalgamated, with a membership of over 1,000. Ten Negro policemen acted as escort for the street parade, which was a part of the ceremonies. C Household of Ruth No. 16 held its 21st annual session at Daytona, Fla., during May, with Mrs. Alice L. Anderson presiding. It has 5,853 financial members and funds of $31,626. After paying 99 death claims and the expense for one year, a balance of $15,029 was retained in the end treasury and $1,002 in the district treasury. G Judge Isaiah Herndon, in the Circuit Court of Princeton, W. Va., has dissolved the temporary injunction against Alfred C. Goodwyn, Grand Master of Masons, and placed all costs on the plaintiff, H. B. Handley, who secured this injunction to prevent the Masons of West Virginia from using the words Most Worshipful Prince Hall Grand Lodge of West Virginia, A. F. &amp; A. M. The Judge ruled that the colored Prince Hall Grand Lodge had a Masonic right to all the secret rituals, buttons, badges, etc., used by Masons. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER "JUST THE PLACE FOR YOUR GIRL" Daytona Normal and Industrial Institute for Negro Girls, Daytona, Fla. Beautiful location, ideal home life, fine, modern equipment. Courses include Kindergarten, Primary, Grammar, High, Normal, Vocational. Nurse Training at McLeod Hospital a specialty. Terms reasonable. Send for Catalog. MARY McLEOD BETHUNE, -• Principal. VA. UNION UNIVERSITY RICHMOND, VA. Founded 1865 College, Academic and Theological depart ments. The school of Arts and Sciences offers classical and scientific courses. Special emphasis on Pre-Medical Work. Theological department confers B.Th. and B.D. Fore most in Debating and Athletics. For further information, address WM. J. CLARK, Presi dent. The Lincoln Hospital and Home TRAINING SCHOOL FOR NURSES in the city of New York offers to young colored women a three years' course of instruction in nursing. Capacity of hospital—420 beds. Post Graduate Course of six months to graduates of accredited schools. For information apply to: Superintendent of Nurses Lincoln Hospital and Home New York, N.Y. HALE INFIRMARY AND NURSE TRAINING SCHOOL, 325 Lake Street, Montgomery, Ala. Offers to High School graduates and young women of higher education and good moral character, between the ages of 18 and 35, a three years' course in the profession of nursing. For further information apply to the Superintendent enclosing a stamp. 30-DAY SYSTEM DERRICK BUSINESS SCHOOL 1435 CHESTNUT STREET, PHILADELPHIA. PA. Only School of its Kind. ENROLL NOW FOR SUMMER COURSE ! Shorthand Bookkeeping Touch Typewriting Filing, Etc. M. J. DERRICK. Prin. and Mgr. STATE UNIVERSITY, Louisville, Ky. Founded 1879. The only Institution in the State having for its object Collegiate, Ministerial, Medical, and Legal training for Colored citizens in Kentucky. .Special training in Insurance, Social Service, Nursing and Hospital Work. Normal, Commercial, Music, Domestic Science, Missionary (mining class. Evening classes, correspondence course. Degrees offered. President C. H. Parrish WANTED Bright young lady as Private Secretary and Stenographer. For further information write the Royal Fraternal Association, P. O. Box 371, Charlotte, N. C. MOTHERS FIT YOUR DAUGHTERS FOR LIFE Now is the Time to "STUDY" the School to which you are going to send your daughters next Fall. THIS INSTITUTION IS DEEPLY CHRISTIAN It Permits No Shabby Work and Tolerates No Loose Habits SIXTH GRADE THROUGH THE NORMAL Together With VOCATIONAL TRAINING MUSIC ATHLETICS Our AI M is to turn out well-rounded women, trained in intellect and Disciplined in self-reliance TH E TRAINING SCHOOL GIRL GOES BACK TO HER COMMUNITY PREPARED TO HELP LIFT THE STANDARDS OF LIVING. REQUIREMENTS: Sound in Health and Moral Character Not UNDER FIFTEEN Years of Age ABOVE the FIFTH GRADE Good record in institution formerly attended. SEND FOR CATALOG NATIONAL TRAINING SCHOOL FOR WOMEN AND GIRLS Miss Nannie H . Burroughs, President Lincoln Heights Washington. D. C. The Stenographers Institute 1227 S. 17th Street, Philadelphia, Pa. SHORTHAND TYPWRITING BOOKKEEPING No need to study Shorthand and Bookkeeping two or three years. Take our Five-month or Eleven-month Course in Benn Pitman Shorthand. Touch Typewriting and Practical Bookkeeping. Instructions given on the Multigraph, Mimeograph and Adding Machines. Classes are organized January 1st. April 1st, June 1st and October 1st. Classes in the "Touch System of Typewriting" organized every Monday. Students operate Typewriters blindfolded or in the dark rapidly and accurately when they finish the course. EDWAR D T. DUNCAN , President. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER HAMPTON INSTITUTE HAMPTON VIRGINIA REVISED COURSES NORMAL SCHOOL Two-year course, based on four- year secondary course. AGRICULTURAL SCHOOL Collegiate course of 3 years (36 months), based on four-year secondary course. TRADE SCHOOL Four-year course in 11 trades; hort course in 3 trades. BUSINESS SCHOOL Four-year course, based on two-year secondary course. HOME-ECONOMICS SCHOOL Two-year course, based on four- year secondary course. ACADEMIC SCHOOL Four year secondary course; also preparatory course. JAMES E. GREGG, D.D., Principal Does the Negro Appreciate Art ? HIS is the question which I, with the assistance of Albert Smith, an artist well known to readers of the CRISIS and BROWNIES' BOOK, had to answer in reproducing, in a form suitable for framing, Andrea Razafkeriefo's paraphrase on John McCrae's "IN FLANDERS FIELDS." % A number of my advisers told me frankly colored people are poor appreciators of art and that I was making a mistake in producing anything so artistic for disposition among them. r I refused and still refuse to "believe this and have placed on sale the finest, most artistic and most elaborate art card ever produced for colored people. H The size is 7 x 10 1/8 in. The price is 50c. (postpaid), which will be promptly refunded if the card fails to measure up to your expectation. WILLIAM M. KELLEY Three Quincy Street Brooklyn, N. Y. Extraordinary Special Offer DAR K WATER, the new book by Dr. W. E . B. DuBois $2.00 The CRISIS, one year's subscription 1.50 Total $3'60 SPECIAL, if ordered together $3.00 Address The CRISIS, 70 Fifth Avenue, New York, N. Y. WANTED for July and August Tutor (or eight year old boy. College graduate preferred. References required Address: M. G. % THE CRISIS 70 Fifth Avenue, New York, N. Y. Atlanta University Studies of the Negro Problems 20 Monograph! Sold Separately Addreu ATLANTA UNIVERSITY CONFERENCE ATLANTA UNIVERSITY ti ATLANTA. GA. Missionary Training School for Negro Women will be re-opened at Shaw University, October 1, 1920. For information write Mrs. J. L . Peacock, East Northfield, Mass. Can We Help You Make Money? READ WHAT WE SAY The Greatest Opportunity offered the Negroes of America To Increase their Earning Power To Enter into a Dignified Calling To Help Their Fellow Man THE NATIONAL BENEFIT LIFE INSURANCE CO. Assets over $500,000.00 WASHINGTON, D, C. Issuing Ordinary and Industrial Insurance at their best has A Position Open for You If you are an energetic young man or woman in search of a field of unlimited opportunities—here is a profession that will yield you a large income. Write Today for Your Position We need 20 Managers, 15 Assistants, 150 Special Men, 325 Inspectors, 600 General Agents, 25 Stenographers. Don't long for Opportunity. Grasp it. The National Benefit Life Insurance Co "Protection for the Negro." Dept. A, 609 F St, N. W. Washington, D. C. Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Plant of The E. A. WELTERS' TOOTH POWDER CO., Inc. To Be Erected In Baltimore, Md . The Largest and Only Tooth Powder Manufacturing Corporation Owned and Controlled by Negroes in the United States THE E. A. WELTERS' TOOTH POWDER COMPANY, which incorporated five years ago with a capitalization of $5,000.00, with stock sold at $10.00 per share, is now a Corporation capitalize.! at $100,000.00 with "no shares for sale at any price," yet—it is understood that a small number of shares have been donated by some of the larger stockholders for certain Dentists and Druggists, whose names have already been listed ,and will be called on personally in the near future by the President of the Company. The Dentists and Druggists who will be solicited, were selected by the Directors of the Company because of their progressiveness and the great advertising value that their connection will mean in the distribution of this exceptional Dentrifice to the Race throughout the United States. The E. A. WELTERS' TOOTH POWDER CO., Inc. 410 Broad St., Jacksonville, Fla. Beautify The Skin—Glorify The Hair ing and Soothing to the Tenderest Skin. Amron Skin AMRON SKIN SOAP is the most Soap satisfactory of all Is Nature's Best SHAMPOO Soaps, Aid In Promoting and because of Its Bright. Clear Skin instant LATHERand in bringing reING and CLEANSnewed Vigor and ING qualities one Youthfulness to the cake of A^O N Hair. AMRON SKIN SOAP will last quite as lonn AMRON SKIN SKIN SOAP is two cakes of SOAP Is composed Jther kinds. 99 per cent, of Humania Hair For your SKIN'S Vegetable Oils, prino:paJJy of 01LS and Specialty M. F. G. CO 	sake—buy a cake of AMRON SKIN of t h o COCOA- New York, U.S.A 	SOAP — today. NUT. It provides Twenty-five cents an Instant thick, the cake. 1 dozen rich, creamy cakes for $2.25. lather in cither hard or warm Send for our water. It is ador- Profusely I I I u s • ably Cleansing, trated Catalog con Exquisitely Fra taining a full and grant and of Guar complete line of anteed Purity. It every Useful Toll- U Intensely Heal-	lette Requisite. HUMANIA HAIR &amp; SPECIALTY MFG. CO. 23 DUANE STREET 	NEW YORK, N. Y. TH E CRISIS ADVERTISER 153 Neither the mailed fist nor resolutions will cure the present state of unrest. But the everyday practice of the Business Golden Rule—"To live and let live"—by all individuals, associations and corporations engaged. in business, will do much toward restoring confidence and contentment to the public. The Southern Aid Society of Va., Ino., did not raise its rates of premiums during the war period-—nor since. It did not reduce the benefits to its members by any form of eva3ion. It did not withdraw its Unmatched Policy of Full Coverage and Life Time Protection to its members— and as a result of this liberal treatment to its members, the Southern Aid Society has now the good will of all its members and enjoys a larger patronage in its field of operation than ever before. Thousands of contented members are constantly expressing themselves like the following;— An Eminent Physician and Surgeon Writes 267 W. Main St., Charlottesville, Va., May 6th, 1920. TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN:— It is my pleasure to state that I have been engaged in the practice of medicine in this city for about sixteen years. Having had ample opportunity to observe the great Southern Aid Society in action, noting their prompt payments and excellent business procedure, I take pride in recommending them as Above Them All. (Signed) Geo. R. Ferguson, M.D. Paid Claim After 3 Days Membership Anderson Ave., Danville, Va., May 10th, 1920. TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN:— This is to certify that my husband, Sam Watkins, was a member of the Southern Aid Society, receiving his policy on Monday, died on Wednesday, and I received his Death Claim on the following Monday. He had paid the Society only 50 cents dues, and I received $28.76. I wish to say that the Southern Aid Society is the best company I know for the prompt payment of both sick and death claims. Wishing you continued success, I am, Very truly yours, (Signed) (Mrs.) Lizzie Watkins. Weekly Benefits Each Week for 4 Years Prominent Physician Certifies to Fact 1607 Taylor St., Lynchburg, Va-, April 3, 1920. TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN:— I, Laura Jackson, of 1607 Taylor St., Lynchburg, Va., carry a poJicy, No. 62573, Premium 35 cents a week, with the Southern Aid Society of Va., was taken sick March 1, 1916, and have received my weekly benefits every week up to and including April 3, 1920. I recommend the Southern Aid Society to be prompt in their payments, "and can say truthfully that they carry a perpetual paying policy. I have received during my illness the amount of $710.93. (Signed) Laura Jackson, (Witness) Irene Jackson. This is to certify that the above statement is correct and that I have filed certificates each week during Mrs. Laura Jackson's illness. (Signed) J. A . Brown, M.D. No insurable person in Virginia should be without the Superior Policy issued by the— Southern Aid Society of Va., Inc. Home Office: 527 N. Second Street Richmond, Va . District Offices and Agencies thruout the State. Policy provides protection against Sickness, Accidents and Death—All for One Premium. A. D. PRICE—Pres. B. L. JORDAN—Sec. W. A. JORDAN—Ass't Sec. Mention TH E CRISIS. 154 	TH E CRISIS ADVERTISER Newto n Braithwaite CYRIL	 A. Crichlow CRICHLOW &amp; BRAITHWAITE I. EXPERT SHORTHAND REPORTERS Verbatim Reports of CONVENTIONS, CONFERENCES, INVESTIGATIONS, HEARINGS, LECTURES, SERMONS, etc. Engagements accepted anywhere in the United States Teachers of Stenography and Typewriting at North Harlem Community House, 200 West 139th Street, New York, N. Y. Correspondence Courses to all parts of the world. New York N Y 2297 Seventh Avenue Telephones 1128 Morningside 6817 Audubon--' A Better Community YOUNG WOMAN is the Ambition of Every Good Citizen Through Patriotism, Education and Thrift as taught by the U . S, System, any community will be improved intellectually, morally and socially. HERE IS YOUR CHANCE Is there a Club in your town? GOOD POSITIONS—GOOD SALARIES NATIONAL LITERARY ASSOCIATION 1230 You St., N.W., Washington, D. C. Answer the Call for Social "Workers and Enter the World's Greatest Field for Service For a	 Selected List of Books bearing on Efficient, Earnest, Constructive Leaders are in 	the Negro Problem write The CRISIS. DEMAND We Train for Christian leadership—The 100 FINE CALLING CARDS 60 CTS. Only Kind of Leadership That Will Stand Neatly printed with your name and address. the Test in the Most fashionable styles and sizes for ladies or NEW DAY. gentlemen. Your card represents you, there fore only the best quality should be used. Department open to those who have had. at Business and Professional Cards least, one year of training in a good High furnished in several styles appropriate for School. 	any business or profession at the following prices: 100 for 85 cents, 250 for $1.50, 500 for $2.35. Get	 Ready For Service Below are a few styles of our lettering: The	 World Needs YOU SEND FOR CATALOG Mrs. George K. Franklin NATIONALTRAINING SCHOOL Mrs. John W. Andrews Mr. Clifford Roy Langford FOR WOMEN AND GIRLS Miss Christina Mae VanDyke MR. FREDERICK A. HARRINGTON Miss Nannie H. Burroughs, President AGENTS WANTED Lincoln Heights, "Washington, D. C. 	Good pay can be earned taking, orders for our cards. Pleasant, dignified and profitable spare time work. There is a big demand everywhere for Calling and Business Cards and you will have no trouble in getting orTel. 5437 Fort Hill Cable Address, Epben ders. No experience necessary as we furnish EDGAR P. BENJAMIN instructions with outfit. Al l orders filled ATTORNEY AND COUNSELLOR-AT-LAW promptly and sent prepaid. Write now for samples	 and agents' terms. 54 School Street	 Boston, Mass. The HOUSE OF CHOWNING, Indianapolis, Ind. Telephone Connection TWO GREAT BOOKS for	 $2.50 NO LIBRARY COMPLETE WITHOUT THEM (1)	 The History of the Negro Race and Negro Soldiers in the Spanish-American War, Dating Back to Egypt and the Pharoas—400 pages, 50 illustrations. (Retails alone for $1.25.) Was adopted as a textbook by North Carolina State Board of Education. (2)	 The Pictorial History of the Negro in the Great World War, giving a brilliant historical sketch, a description of battle scenes by Colonel Haywood of the Fighting Fifteenth New York, Capt. Marshall, Sergeant Steptoe, Ralph Tyler and others, with 150 excellent pictures of officers and men and war views. (Sells alone for $2.00.) Just Think, only $2,50 for these two great books. Agents wanted everywhere, large commissions paid ADDRESS: E. A. JOHNSON, 17 West 132nd Street, New York, N.Y. TH E CRISIS ADVERTISER Cleota J. Collins Lyric Soprano ''Judging from the appearance of a large number of music lovers, lier sweet lyric voice held them spellbound. She was applauded again and again after each number."— Boston Chronicle, Address: 166 HAMILTON AVENUE, COLUMBUS, OHIO JOSEPHINE A. JUNIUS CONTRALTO "She is the possessor of a Contralto voice, lovely in quality, which she uses artistically."— Oscar Saenger. AVAILABLE FOR CONCERTS 74 "W. 142nd Street, New York, N. Y, Clarence Cameron White Violinist Recitals, Concerts, Instruction Studio: €16 Columbus Avenue Boston, Mass. E. ALDAMA JACKSON Graduate of Institute of Musical Art Organist-Director of Music of St. Marks M . E . Church; Concert Accompanist; Piano, Voice, Theory, Instruction Conducting, Coaching. Harmony taught from beginning to completion. Private or correspondence. Geothius system. Studio: 186 W. 136th St., New York, N. Y. Telephone Morningside 1708. They Played For The Crowned Heads of Europe— They Are Now Playing For You ! IIKliL FIGHTERS 369TH BAND, INC. HELL FIGHTERS 369TH ORCHESTRA 1'inuixisi'il uf llio sumo musicians that made this band the sensation ot tiurope during the "WORLD WAR." ENGAGEMENTS SOLICITED Lieut. F. Eugene Mikell, Conductor Jus. w. Grey. Mgr. W. Woodruff Chlsuin. Secretary 17C West 135th Street. New York. N. Y. SPECIAL The CRISIS one year - $1.50 The BROWNIES* BOOK one year - 1.50 One year's subscription to each if ordered together ----- $2.50 SONGS That the Whole Country Is Whistling! "I'VE COME BACK TO YOU," wonderful ballad. "CAN YOU FORGET," being featured by leading stage artists. "SHELL SHOCK SHAKE." on U. S. piano records. "L \ A GARDEN," sentimental ballad. "YOU SHO KNOW HOW TO STRUT YOUR STUFF." jazz melody. 25 cents per copy, or will mail the five numbers to you for only Si. Address Hell Fighters 369th Band. 176 W. 136th St., New York, N. Y. MUSIC FOR CONCERT AND HOME PICKANINNY ROSE 30c A Wonderful Lullaby which will add to any repertoire SPHINX, by J. Berni Barbour 30c THAT THING CALLED 30c An Egyptian Intermezzo for Piano Study Now You Can Learn Al l About It IT'S YOUR MOVE NOW 30c Sung by Bert Williams on Columbia Record No. 2778 -A MAUVOLEYENE WALTZ 30c THINKING OF THEE 30c A Sweet, Flowing: Movement by Fred'k M. Bryan Another Beautiful Concert Number by H. H. Pace BEAUTIFUL LAND OF DREAMS 15c A Wonderful Ballad with a Heart Throb SAXOPHONE BLUES 15c LOVIN' BLUES 15c Hear It On Emerson Records A Typical Blues Song I WONDER IF YOUR LOVING HEART STILL PINES FOR ME 15c A Song for All Lovers, Beautiful Music REMEMBER AND BE CAREFUL 15c EV'RYTHING IS GOING UP 15c Advice from a Mother to Her Child More Truth Than Poetry THINK OF ME LITTLE DADDY 15c As great a favorite as "A Good Man Is Hard to Find" CHASING THE BLUES by Al.Piantadosi 15c BLIND MAN'S BLUES 15c Easy to Play and Long Remembered The Funniest Song Ever Written All of these songs may be had from your music dealer or direct from the publishers. PACE &amp; HANDY MUSIC CO., Inc., Mention TH E CRISIS, TH E CRISIS ADVERTISER HERE IS YOUR OPPORTUNITY TO SECURE A WOODVILLE COUNTRY ESTATE CONSISTING OF 10 OR 20 ACRES OR MORE FOR $32 50 ONLY PER ACRE VERY EASY TERMS Special advertising discounts to those who act quickly Free Lot With Each 10-Acre Tract! We have only a limited number of Woodville estates for sale, making quick action necessary. People from all over the country will want these estates, which means that they will all be sold within a short time. Get yours before it's too late. Send for booklet containing full details. IT'S FREE. Address THE SWAN-ARENSON REALTY &amp; DEVELOPMENT CO. 19 SOUTH LA SALLE STREET CHICAGO, ILL. THE SWAN-ARENSON REALTY &amp; DEVELOPMENT CO., CHICAGO, ILL. Date 192 GENTLEMEN:—Please send me full particulars about your Woodville offer without any obligation to me. Name Address.. Town State.... C-7-20 TH E CRISIS ADVERTISER 157 MADEto MEASURE $15.00 EXPRESS OR POSTAGE PREPAID This offer is one of the biggest, most generous ever made by any tailoring house. It's your one big opportunity to get a finely tail-ored-to-measure 2-piece suit with box back, superbly trimmed and cut in the latest city style for only $15.00. WE'RE OUT TO BEAT HIGH TAILORING PRICES Your own local tailor couldn't and wouldn't make you a suit for $15.00, let alone supply the cloth, linings and trimmings. Why not save 50% on your next suit? We have such a tremendous business, buy all our materials in such large quantities and have such a perfect organi zation that we can make these wonderful prices—and remember we guarantee style, fit and workmanship or your money back. $9 to $15 You Save This suit for $15.00 clearly proves our supremacy in the tailoring field. We offer dozens of equally good values. Let's tell you about them. We would rather you did BIG SAMPLE OUTFIT FREE not send us any money until we Bend our g " Write us today and we will mail you absolutely FRE E our beautifully illustrated pattern book showing dozens of the latest city styles and designs, also many large size cloth samples to choose from. You will be simply thunderstruck at the exceptional values we are offering this year. Don'tdelay; we urge you to act quick; today! THE PROGRESS TAILORING CO. Dept. 601 CHICAGO Mention TH E CRISIS. TH E CRISIS ADVERTISER Patti's Brazilian Toilette Luxuries Compounded with the same care as used in filling a doctor's prescription. Don't he ashamed and hide your face, Get Patti's Brazilian Secret Booklet and learn how to care for your skin. Each day your skin grows smoother and your complexion clearer. Patti's Beauty Secret Book, how to care for your skin, and six Toilette Preparations for $5.00, 1,000 agents wanted. Patti's Four Toilette Preparations without the "Beauty Book," $2.50. Price List Brazil's Sweetest Odors PatW Beauty Cream 68c Anita Lilac Perfume ...$1.25 oz. bottle Patti Night Cream 66c Anita Lotus Perfume ... 1.25 oz. bottle Patti Day Cream 68c Anita Rose Perfume ... 1.25 oz. bottle Patti "La Traviata" Powder 68c Anita Trefle Perfume .. 1.25 oz. bottle Agents Wanted—No Samples or C. O. D. Orders. Send postage for mailing Address all orders to A. A, Brown, Manager PATTI'S BEAUTY EMPORIUM 4723 St. Lawrence Ave., Apt. 3, CHICAGO, II 1 . Badges, Banners, Lodge Regalia For all Lodge and Church Societies CENTRAL REGALIA CO. JOS. L. JONES, Pre.. N. E. Cor. 8th and Plum Sli., Cincinnati, Ohio Telephone, Baring 7794 ISADORE MARTIN Real Estate and Insurance Notary Public Mortgages 6 North 42nd Street, Philadelphia, Pa. THE ADVOCATE ROBERT J. NELSON, Editor and Publisher 800 French Street Wilmington, Delaware THE ONLY RACE PAPER IN DELAWARE 10 Pages We cover Delaware, the Eastern Shore of Maryland and Southeastern Pennsylvania Like a Blanket. . . , An Intensive Circulation. . 22,500 People read TH E ADVOCATE EACH WEEK. If you have any proposition that appeals to the Race and you want it to reach virgin territory, advertise in The Advocate. Send for a sample copy and see the high grade class of advertisers who use our advertising columns. The Colored Teachers' Bureau Will Help You Get a Better Paying Position. REGISTER NOW REASONABLE TERMS Address: Colored Teachers' Bureau Box 22, Wilberforce, O. LUC DORSINVILLE &amp; CO. MANUFACTURERS' AGENTS IMPORTERS AND EXPORTERS PORT AU PRINCE, HAITI EXPORT: IMPORT: COFFEE FLOUR COCOA SOAP CASTOR BEANS HARDWARE LIGNUM VITAE DRY GOODS MAHOGANY LOG WOOD COTTON FABRICS COTTON FURNITURE COCOANUT PAINTS Colored American business men desiring to transact business between Haiti and the United States of America, are cordially invited to communicate with us. WANTED WANTED Live Agents At Once To Sell DUDLEY'S FAMOUS AUTO POLISH for furniture, pianos, church pews, hard wood floors and hundreds of other things that have a varnished surface. Makes them look like new. Agents can make $50.00 to $75.00 per week selling Dudley's Polish to furniture dealers, drug stores, hardware stores, churches, housekeepers, automobile stores, paint stores and grocery stores. Special Offer: For 90 days we will ship to all new agents $10.00 worth of Dudley's Polish for $5.00. Take advantage of this special offer at once. Dudley &amp; Porter Manufacturing Co. 116 South Main St.. Muskogee. Okla. Bathe in Comfort Anywhere The Robinson FoIding Bath Tub makes home bathing easy and convenient without the necessity of running water, ^ expensive plumbing or sewer connections. Tub is made of special material (railed steeline), soft and pliable—instantly warmed. No cold clammy iron or porcelain to touch the body. Guaranteed non-leakable. Exceptionally well constructed and reinforced. Cannot tip nor spill. Entire weight of water and occupant rests on floor. Special device makes Tub self-emptying. When bath is finished, pull plug and the tub is empty, ready to be folded and put away by the time you are dressed. Agents Make $35 to $100 Weekly Go into business—work for yourself—make big money whole year 'round. Our Co-operative Sales Plan insures success. Wonderful opportunities selling Robinson's Bath Tubs. 70 % of homes need them. Customers highly pleased, well satisfied. Tou can build a wonderful business selling this home necessity. Our complete pten and practical sales aid assures big results. Hustlers coin money. •SO CAN YOU! Whitehead made J75 one day: Rev. Pasko of New York made 575 In two hours; Sunderland $90 in two weeks; Stepp $2o in ten minutes—selling Robinson Folding Bath Tubs. And Robinson agents go on making big money month after month and year after year. Hundreds of them are doing it. Ex perience unnecessary. Get into this mon ey-making business for yourself. Mail a postcard today. Don't doubt --- get the facta. Write for information today. THE ROBINSON CABINET MFG. CO, 5202 Factories Bldg., TOLEDO, OHIO TH E CRISIS FASHION BOOK MAILED UPON REQUEST Real Human Hair All our wigs are hand made and •tried: to order, from maker to wearer. WIGS, Trans formations, switches, and Braids and all other articles of hair	 goods. No. 604—Price $10.60 We carry the largest selection of Hair Dressers' Tool-. The celebrated Mme. Baum's Preparations which makes the tklm velvetlike, the hair •ilklik*. Mme. Baum's Mail Order House P. O. BOX 145, Penn.	 Terminal Station, New York, N. Y. When writing, mention this paper. Learn Oar System - Use Our Goods AND See Yourself Not as You Are—But as You Would Like to Be Manufacturers and Importers of HAWAIIAN BEAUTY PREPARATIONS for Men and Women Hair Beautlfler ....$1.00 Vanishing Cream.. S0.60 Dressing Oil SO Face Powder 75 Shampoo 50 Rouge .50 Hair Tonic 1.00 Toilet Water 1.00 Face Cream 50 Tetter and Eczema Ointment 50 For Sale at all Drug Stores and first class Beauty Parlors. By mall—postage extra.) Agents Wanted. HAWAIIAN PRODUCTS CO., Dept. B., 3147 Calumet Ave., Chicago, 111. ADVERTISER HOTEL DALE CAPE MAY, N. J. Comfort and Elegance Without Extravagance This Magnificent Hotel, Located in the Heart of the Most Beautiful Seashore Resort in the World, is replete with every modern improvement, superlative in construction, appointments, service and refined patronage. Orchestra daily, garage, bath houses, tennis, etc., on premises. Special attention given to ladies and children. Send for booklet. With Sanitarium added and Dr. C. A. Lewis of the University of Penn in attendance. A MONEY GETTER because It is A CROWD GETTER. Churches and Clubs looking for a play that will afford an evening of Side Splitting Fun, should have The Slabtown Convention An entertainment In one act; full of wit and good humor. Scores or churches have cleared from One to Two Hundred Dollars In One Night PRICE, 50c. MISS NANNIE H. BURROUGHS, Author Lincoln Heights. Washington. D. C_ SPEND YOUR VACATION AT Beautiful Idlewild The most wonderfully Ideal spot where young and old cast aside for tlie time all the cares and worries of their strenuous, nerve-racking routine lives and romp and play once more as children and enjoy to the full nature In all her wondrous glory. The waters of the lake and surrounding trout streams are fairly teeming with game flab of the best varieties. Do you enjoy bathing, boating, fishing, hunting? Do you enjoy roaming through the woods picking wild flowers and wild berries? Do you want a place to go where you can build up your health, vitality, energy and buslnesa efficiency? Do you enjoy mingling with the active, thinking, progressive people of the day—people who do things? Do you believe in progress and do you want to have a part In one of the most progressive movements of the time? Surely 1 Then you will be Interested In, and want to own.a lot of your own In Beautiful Idlewild, Michigan. If you act at once you can se-* can a beautiful lot for only I30.M each; 16.00 cash; $1.00 per week. When your payments are completed the lot will be transferred to you by an absolute warranty deed with abstract show ing clear title. Good Uve energetic agents wanted Idlewild Resort Company 1110 Hartford BIdg So. Dearborn Si. Chicago, III Mention The CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Kelly Miller's Authentic History of Negro in World War A new and greatly improved history JUST OFF THE PRESS 200 Pictures Price only $2.75 750 Pages 16 Color Plates Bize BY, x 8Vi inches, 7B0 rapes As we have fought for the rights of mankind and for the future peace and security of the world, the people want to he correctly and fully informed of the facts concerning OUR heroes—and this is THE BOOK they are looking for. THE ONLY HISTORY THAT WILL FULLY SATISFY THE AMERICAN COLORED PEOPLE This Book appeals to the Colored People. They are eager to buy it. Why? Because it is the only War Book published that thrillingly, graphically, yet faithfully describes the wonderful part the Colored Soldier has taken in the World War and is absolutely fair to the Negro. It relates to the world how 300,000 Negroes crossed the North Atlantic, braving the terrors of the Submarine Peril, to battle for Democracy against the bloodthirsty hordes of a war mad Lord of the House of Hohenzollern. More than fifty pages of the Book devoted to the ACHIEVEMENTS OF THE NEGRO IN THE AMERICA N NAVY—Guarding the Trans-Atlantic Route to France—Battling the Submarine Peril—The Best Sailors in any Navy in the World—Making a Navy in Three Months from Negro Stevedores and Laborers—Wonderful Accomplishments of Our Negro Yeomen and Yeowomen. AGENTS WANTED—Millions of these hooks will he sold, BIG MONEY is being made by our sales people. Will you join us in the distribution of good helpful race hooks 1 Then send 21 cents for agents canvassing outfit. Write to AUSTIN JENKINS CO. No. 523 9th Street Washington, D. C. Mention THE CRISIS. Let Us Send You a suit Made to your measure, payable after received, with the clear understanding that if the fit is not perfect, or if you are not satisfied in every way; if you are not convinced that you have received a fine, high-grade, stylish, splendid-fitting tailored suit made to your measure and have saved at least $15.00 to $20.00, you are not under the slightest obligation to keep it. Don't hesitate or feel timid, simply send the suit back, no cost to you. You are not out one penny. Any money you may have paid us is refunded at once. SEND NO MONEY-just your name and address for FREE samples and latest styles, beautiful NEW samplebook all sent FRE E if you answer now. SAMPLES FREE Any man young or old, interested in saving money, who wants to dress well and not feel extravagant, is invited to answer at once and get our free book of cloth samples and latest fashions, with everything explained. Simply write letter or postal today, just say "Send me your samples" and get our whole proposition by return mail. Agents write too, we have a special deal for you. Try it, costs you nothing—just a stamp, get the FREE SAMPLE S and low prices anyway. Learn something important about dressing well and saving money. Send at once. KNICKERBOCKER TAILORING COMPANY Department 847, CHICAGO. ILL. NILE QUEEN FOR HAIR AND SKIN The preparations used by Cleopatra, The NIL E QUEEN , were of the same fine quality as those your druggist or beauty shop offers you today. Send for free descriptive Beauty Book. KASHMIR CHEMICAL CO. NEW KASHMIR BLDG. 3423 Indiana Ave. CHICAGO, ILL.