The Crisis The CRISIS CHICAGO NUMBER SEPTEMBER 1915 TEN CENTS A COPY &amp; $fe PUBLISHER'S CHAT The OCTOBER Number is Children's Number. There will be the usual beautiful baby pictures, a leading editorial for parents by the Hon. Archibald H. Grimke, a children's story and much more that's readable. Baby pictures must reach us before September 1st to be considered. The NOVEMBER CRISIS is New Orleans Number. The DECEMBER CRISIS is Christmas Number and before it will come our Christmas card and our fine HISTORICAL AND STATISTICAL CALENDAR —a work of art and marvel of condensation. A Selected List of Books These prices do not include postage. Postage extra. HAZEL. (Mary White Ovington) $1.0 0 TH E AUTOBIOGRAPHY OF AN EX-COLORED MAN. (Anonymous) 1.20 NORRIS WRIGHT CUNEY. (Maud Cuney Hare) 1.50 A NARRATIVE OF THE NEGRO. (Leila Amos Pendleton) 1.50 THE WHIT E MAX'S BURDEN. (T . Shirbv Hodge) 1.00 SOULS OF BLACK FOLK. (W. E. B. DU Bois) 1.25 RACE ADJUSTMENT. (Kelly Miller) 2.00 HISTORY OF THE NEGRO. (B . G. Brawley) 1.25 HALF A MAN. (Mary White Ovington) 1.00 AFTERMATH OF SLAVERY. (William Sinclair) 1.50 JOHN BROWN. (W. E . B. DU Bois) 1.25 NEGRO IN AMERICAN HISTORY. (J. W. Cromwell) 1.25 PRINCE HALL AND HIS FOLLOWERS. (George W. Crawford) 1.00 LIBERIA. (Frederick Starr) 1.00 THE NEGRO. (W. E. B. DU Bois) 5 0 FACTS OF RECONSTRUCTION. (John R. Lynch) 1.50 STORY OF THE NEGRO. 2 Volumes. (Booker T. Washington) 3.00 MASTERPIECES OF NEGRO ELOQUENCE. (Alice Moore Dunbar, Editor) 2.50 POEMS OF PAUL LAURENCE DUNBAR 2.00 AFRO-AMERICAN FOLKSONGS. (H . E. Krehbiel) 2.00 OUT OF THE HOUSE OF BONDAGE. (Kelly Miller) 1.50 Address THE CRISIS, 70 Fifth Avenue, New York Mention THE CRISIS THE CRISIS A RECORD OF THE DARKER RACES PUBLISHED MONTHLY BY THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE. AT 70 FIFTH AVENUE. NEW YORK CITY Conducted by W. E. BURGHARDT DU BOIS AUGUSTUS GRANVILLE DILL, Business Manager Contents Copyrighted, 1915, by the National Association for the Advancement ol Colored People Contents for September, 1915 PICTURES COVER. The Colonel of the Eighth Regiment, 111. N. G. Page Thirty-nine Pictures and Portraits of Colored Chicago ARTICLES COLORED CHICAGO 234 SOME CHICAGOANS OF NOTE 237 TRACING SHADOWS _By Jessie Fauset 247 PRIZE CONTEST 246 DEPARTMENTS ALONG THE COLOR LINE 215 MEN OF THE MONTH 221 OPINIONS 223 EDITORIAL 230 NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COL ORED PEOPLE 243 BOOKS 251 TEN CENTS A COPY; ONE DOLLAR A YEAR FOREIGN SUBSCRIPTIONS TWENTY-FIVE CENTS EXTRA RENEWALS: When a subscription blank is attached to this page a renewal of your subscription is desired. The date of the expiration of your subscription will be found on the wrapper. CHANGE OF ADDRESS: The address of a subscriber can be changed as often as desired. In ordering a change of address, both the old and the new address must be given. Two weeks' notice is required. MANUSCRIPTS and drawings relating to colored people are desired. They must be accom panied by return postage. If found unavailable they will be returned. Entered as Second-class Matter in the Post Office at New York, N. Y. 212 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Atlanta University Is beautifully located in the City of Atlanta, Ga. The courses of study include High School, Normal School and College, with manual training and domestic science. Among the teachers are graduates of Yale, Harvard, Dartmouth and Wellesley. Forty-six years of successful work have been completed. Students come from all parts of the South. Graduates are almost universally successful. For further information address President EDWARD T. WARE ATLANTA, GA. Knoxville College Beautiful Situation. Healthful Location. The Best Moral and Spiritual Environment. A Splendid Intellectual Atmosphere. Noted for Honest and Thorough Work. Offers full courses in the following departments: College, Normal, High School. Grammar School and Industrial. Good water, steam heat, electric lights, good drainage. Expenses very reasonable. Opportunity for self-help. Fall Term Begins September, 1915 For information address President R. W. McGRANAHAN KNOXVILLE, TENN. THE AGRICULTURAL TECHNICAL COLLEGE of North Carolina (Formerly the A. &amp; M. College) The 22d annual session will begin September 1, 1915. Board, lodging and tuition $8.00 per month. Four year courses leading to trade certificates. Four year college courses leading to degrees of Bachelor of Science in Agriculture and Bachelor of Science in Mechanics. For catalog or further information Address President Dudley, A. &amp; T. College GREENSBORO, N. C. MOREHOUSE COLLEGE (Formerly Atlanta Baptist College) ATLANTA, GA College, Academy, Divinity School An institution famous within recent years for its emphasis on all sides of manly development—the only institution in the far South devoted solely to the education of Negro young men. Graduates given high ranking by greatest northern universities. Debating, Y. M, C A, athletics, all live features. For information address JOHN HOPE, President ST. MARY'S SCHOOL An Episcopal boarding and day school for girls, under the direction of the Sisters of St Mary. Address: THE SISTER-IN-CHARGE 611 N. 43d St W. Philadelphia, Pa. AVOID BA D SCHOOLS Educate your children at home under our expert teachers Courses for Adults Pupils received at any time. Write to Educational Extension School, Box 3194 Station F, Washington, D. C Highly Endorsed. Financially Responsible. AGENTS WANTED WILEY UNIVERSITY MARSHALL, TEXAS Recognized as a college of the First Qass by Texas and Louisiana State Boards of Education. Harvard, Yale and Columbia represented on its faculty; students gathered from ten different states. Strongest Music Department in the West M. W. DOGAN, President FISK UNIVERSITY NASHVILLE, TENN. Founded 1866 Thorough Literary, Scientific, Educational, Musical and Social Science Courses. Pioneer in Negro music. Special study in Negro life. Ideal and sanitary buildings and grounds. Well-equipped Science building. Christian home life. High standard of independent manhood and womanhood. For literature, etc., write FAYETTE AVERY McKENZIE, President. Mention TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 213 School of Medicine of Howard University INCLUDING MEDICAL, DENTAL AND PHARMACEUTIC COLLEGES 1867-1915 Stephen M. Newman, D.D., President Edward A. Balloch, M.D., Dean The FORTY-EIGHTH ANNUAL SESSION will begin October 1, 1915, and continue eight months. Requires for admission to Medical College two years of college work including courses in inorganic and organic chemistry, qualitative analysis, physics, biology and either French or German. Full corps of instructors, well equipped laboratories, unexcelled hospital facilities. For catalog or information concerning Medical, Dental, Pharmaceutic or Post-Graduate courses write w. c. MCN eill, m.d., SEC. FIFTH AND "W" STREETS, N. W. WASHINGTON, D. C. The Cheyney Training School for Teachers CHEYNEY, PENNSYLVANIA Under the management of the Society of Friends. Beautifully located, healthful, well appointed, and within easy reach of a great variety of educational institutions, public and private, extending from West Chester to Philadelphia; representing a wide range of educational problems and practice. This school offers to young colored men and women who have a reasonable secondary school preparation, and who earnestly desire to become teachers, carefully graded courses in academic work, domestic science, domestic art, manual crafts and agriculture. Summer school will not be held at Cheyney during 1915, but will open on an improved basis in 1916. Tuition is free. Board, lodging, heat, light and laundry privileges are offered for nine months for $100. The charge for the same during the summer-school course is $15. Write for particulars to LESLIE PINCKNEY HILL, Principal Mention THE CRISIS 214 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER The National Religious Training School "I cordially commend the school's interest and needs to all who believe in the Negro race and in our obligation to help promote its intellectual, moral and religious uplift." REV. DR. CHARLES H . PARKHURST, New York City. IT IS MORE THAN A MERE SCHOOL IT IS A COMMUNITY OF SERVICE AND UPLIFT Its influence is destined to be felt in all sections of the country in improved Negro community life wherever our trained workers locate. Settlement workers, missionaries for home and foreign mission fields, Y. M. C. A. and Y. W. C. A. secretaries and district nurses receive a comprehensive grasp of their studies under a Wellesley graduate and experienced co-workers and actual every-day practice through the school's SOCIAL SERVICE DEPARTMENT. We aim also to create a better qualified ministry. Industrial training, advanced literary branches, business school. Thirty-two acres; ten modern buildings; healthful location. We can accommodate a few more earnest, ambitious students. Communities requiring social workers should write us. For catalog and detailed information address: PRESIDENT JAMES E. SHEPARD National Religious Training School Durham, N. C. The school has no endowment fund and must raise a yearly maintenance fund of $15,000 for running expenses. Won't you help us this year? Downingtown Industrial LINCOLN INSTITUTE and Agricultural School Downingtown, Pa. Eleventh Session Begins Founded by Negro soldiers. Sup ported by the State of Missouri. For SEPTEMBER 16, 1915 both men and women. Faculty of 34 CO-EDUCATIONAL from the best schools and colleges of the country. College Department, offerFull Literary, Commercial, Domestic Science ing four years' course with degree and Art, Trades and Agricultural Coursei. Bachelor of Arts; Normal Department, For information write Wm. A. Creditt, Presioffering two years' course, followed by dent, 628 So. 19th Street, Philadelphia, Pa., or four years of Standard High School B. C. Burnett, Secretary, Industrial School, work, and leading to the Degree Downingtown, Pa. Bachelor of Pedagogy; College preparatory course. Music, art, domestic science, elocution, agriculture, and trades courses. Normal diploma. Life E. ALDAMA JACKSON certificate to teach in the public schools Graduate Institute of Musical Art, Organist and Director of Missouri. One of the best schools of Music St. Mark's M. E. Church in the country for students of limited Teacher of Theory and Piano means. Catalog on request. Theory course embraces elementary and advanced Harmony or Counterpoint. Private or Class Work Opens September 1st Studio: 30 W. 132d STREET, NEW YORK CITY BENJAMIN FRANKLIN ALLEN WANTED President JEFFERSON CITY MISSOURI Agents for THE CRISIS. Dignified work. 70 Fifth Avenne, New York. Mention TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS Vol. 10 -No . 5 SEPTEMBER, 1915 Whole No. 59 MUSIC AND ART WE learn that the picture of Lincoln and So-journer Truth, reproduced on the cover of the August CRISIS, is a reproduction of a painting by Lottie E. Wilson of Niles, Michigan, presented by her to President Roosevelt and now hanging in the permanent collection in the White House. Miss Wilson, who later became Mrs. Moss is a colored woman. Mr. Carl L. Diton, pianist-composer, now of Wiley University, Marshall, Texas, was heard in numerous concerts in the South and West recently and scored a decided success at each appearance. Mr. Diton is spending the summer months at Galveston and Houston, Texas, where he is engaged in teaching. Of the four Jubilee songs lately published by the house of Schirmer, Musical America says: "Mr. Diton's work commands respect and admiration. Choral societies throughout the country should use these fine numbers. They are individual and will make a stirring effect." ([Miss V. Josephine Muse, graduate of the Yale Conservatory of Music, gave her second annual piano-forte pupils' recital on June 23rd at New Haven, Connecticut. On June 10th, before an audience that included officers from the Bordentown Military Academy, a recital was given by Mr. H. T. Burleigh of New York, at the Manual Training and Industrial School, Bordentown, N. J. Mr. Burleigh's selections were drawn from the classics, modern composers and Negro dialect songs. Mr. Burleigh was ably and sympathetically accompanied by Mr. Melville Charlton, of Brooklyn, New York. The New York Post says: "The interest in native Indian music, which has been awakened in recent years, has received added impetus in the Middle and Far West through the joint recitals of Charles Wakersfield Cadman, the composer, and the Princess Tsianina Redfeather, who, according to reports, shows the most musical qualities of her race. The rich mellowness of her voice is commented on specially and recalls the beautiful quality of the chorus from Carlisle, which gave a concert in New York some years ago. She is, moreover, a trained singer, and her interpretation of Mr. Cadman's songs has proved of unusual interest, combining, as it does, the racial peculiarities of the Indian and the technical qualities of the Caucasian." ([Miss Kittie Cheatham, the well known American diseuse, while visiting Nashville, Tenn., during July, gave an impromptu talk on music. In speaking of her research work, she said: "As the expression of our own national life in music, we have only the Negro and the Indian music and ragtime, the latter being just a surface expression of our material restlessness. . . . "The pure Negro music is of utmost importance in preserving our national individuality in music, and I am urging the Negro to hold those primitive songs THE CRISIS MR. R. B. BARCUS MR. W. L. ANDERSON DR. W. A. METHOD which have come forth as an expression of the best qualities of his race—a childlike faith, loyalty, and loving service." Theodore Spiering, the noted violinist, who has made known many new violin compositions, has presented ColeridgeTaylor's Ballade in leading cities in Germany. In London, the Spiering has played the composition with the late Coleridge-Taylor at the piano. The Ballade was first played in America by Mr. Clarence Cameron White, violinist, of Boston, Mass., with Mrs. Maud Cuney Hare at the piano. [At a musicale given June 19th at the Studio Lillie Machin at Carnegie Hall, New York, a feature of the recital noted by Musical America was Miss Marie Steinway's singing of H. T. Burleigh's "Just You" and "the Spring, My Dear," and his cycle, "Saracen Songs." The accompaniments were played by Mr. Burleigh who shared the appreciative applause of the audience. [On July 1st, Mr. Kemper Harreld, violinist of Chicago, Ill., assisted by Miss Gussie Rue Harris, reader, gave a recital at Tuskegee Institute. Mr. Harreld now maintains a studio at Atlanta, Georgia. MEETINGS DR. ANNA HOWARD SHAW was one of the speakers at the recent session of the Northeastern Federation of Colored Women's Clubs, in Philadelphia. ©The National Association of Teachers of colored schools has been meeting in Cincinnati with an excellent program and attendance. ([The eighteenth biennial Supreme Lodge session of the colored Knights of Pythias convened in Columbus, Ohio, October 16th to 21st. Mr. Robert B. Barcus was chairman of the entertainment committee and Dr. W. A. Method the treasurer. The grand chancellor of the State was Mr. W. L. Anderson. Several thousand Pythians were present and the session was very successful. An institute for colored teachers was held in Greenville, Pitt County, South Carolina. m EDUCATION TILLOTSON COLLEGE graduated two Bachelors of Art this year in addition to her seventeen high school graduates. Wiley University, Marshall, Texas, has always been rated among the leading colored colleges. The Education Number of TH E CRISIS did not place it among the leading institutions simply because the page was too small. Hon. Archibald H. Grimke of Washington, D. C, delivered the closing address to the high school graduates of the city. A Round Table for the study of conditions among colored children in the Philadelphia schools, has been formed in that city. Byrd Prillerman, president of the Colored Institute in West Virginia, was one of four educators to be awarded life ALONG THE certificates by the State Education Department for valuable services as a teacher. ([Paul T. Robeson of Somerville, N. J., has won a scholarship to Rutgers College. ([The Bordentown Industrial School, New Jersey, is to be re-organized as a vocational school. ([Julius Rosenwald is furnishing the money with which the Extension Department of Tuskegee Institute is building rural schools throughout Alabama. ([An Industrial and Training School for Negroes has been established at Cottage Grove, Alabama. A large party from Tuskegee attended the dedication. ([Mother Katherine Drexel has purchased the property of the Southern University, in New Orleans, Louisiana, for a convent and industrial school for Negro children. ([Miss Beatrice Sims, of Vancouver, B. C , thirteen years of age, and the only colored girl in her class of twenty-five, received the highest marks in her school examinations for entering the high school. Ijg, ECONOMICS W. A. TUCKER has sold eleven ' * • mining claims near Lodi, Nevada, for $40,000. ([Organization of colored women employed in domestic service throughout the country was urged at the meeting of the Northeastern Federation of Colored Women's Clubs. ([ A Negro colony has been established at Bodenberg, Texas, on a 4,000 acre tract. ([The National Association of Negro Mechanics has been formed in New York City. Farmers of Pulaski County, Arkansas, have organized a Progressive Farming Club. They have built a dipping bath and bought a canning outfit; they will be used co-operatively. ([ A company of Negroes has purchased over 10,000 acres in Bradford County, Florida. np» m SOCIAL UPLIFT THE Associated Charities of York, Pa., have begun work among the colored people of the town. Dr. G. W. COLOR LINE Bowles has been appointed to direct the clean up crusade, in the eastern district. (Fulton Social Settlement Workers of Fulton, Va., conduct a camp for colored children every summer. Mayor Thompson of Chicago has appointed two colored men to positions in the corporation counsel's office. A Civic League to study the general needs of Negroes in that city has been formed in Philadelphia. ([Five colored athletes will compete at the National Championship Meet to be held at the Panama Exposition. ([Mrs. M. B. Booth, head of the Salvation Army, spoke in New York City, in behalf of the Empire Friendly Shelter, a home for unfortunate women. ([The Virginia State Federation of Colored Women's Clubs has opened an industrial home school for wayward girls at Peake, Hanover County. ([The Eighth Illinois Regiment, National Guard, has received an appropriation from the state legislature which will allow it to properly finish its armory. ([Among the prizes recently given by the New Orleans Item, a white daily, for writing the best letters, one was won by Mrs. C. B. Spears, a colored woman. ([ A new magazine devoted particularly to literature and called "The Citizen" has been issued in Boston,, Mrs. O. W. Bush is editor and C. F. Lane business manager. Hayti and Liberia will be represented by exhibits at the Lincoln Jubilee in Chicago. (["The Monitor," a new magazine has been started in Omaha, Nebraska, by Rev. J. A. Williams. ([At the Home of St. Michaels and All Angels in Philadelphia, little colored cripples are cared for by kind white nuns. ([The Sojourner Truth House for Delinquent Colored Girls will be opened in New York City, October first. ([The Urban League maintained a camp for boys at Verona, N. J., during the summer. ([The Kentucky Home Society for Colored Children aims to find homes for children who have none. ([The Wilson Hospital and Tubercular Home for Negroes, in North Carolina, THE CRISIS is maintained by the colored people of Wilson, N. C. ([The Women's Co-operative Civic League of Baltimore, Md., reports on a year's work, in which beginnings have been made toward civic betterment. ([The Detroit Association for Welfare Work has been organized to better social conditions for the youth of Detroit, Michigan. ([The Mayor of Los Angeles appointed several colored men on the committee which received Hon. Wm. J. Bryan on his visit to that city. ([Professor F. P. Gay of the University of California states there is no test known to science which will tell the blood of a Negro from that of a white person. ([The southern delegates to the World Christian Endeavor Convention in Chicago, acknowledged the brotherhood of the Negro and voted to begin work to carry Christianity to the colored people. ([Ministers of Denison, Iowa, have protested against the appearance of Vardaman at the Chautauqua there, because of his biased utterances. Rt. Rev. Mgr. J. E. Burke, director general of the Catholic Board of Mission Work among Colored People, made an appeal for the cause in Waterbury, Conn. ([Colored people of Kentucky will hold an exposition, celebrating emancipation in July, 1916. ([A scholarship fund, in memory of the late Fanny Jackson Coppin, a talented teacher and long the principal of the Institute for Colored Youth in Philadelphia, has been started by the alumni of the school. ([The colored women of the Baptist Women's Convention have raised for missions and education $175,109 since 1900. This does not include state expenditures. Early in the spring over five hundred soldiers competed in a race at Aldershot, England. The King acted as starter and the Queen presented the prizes. The race was won by Private Stewart, a colored soldier from Jamaica. ([The "New York Academy," a colored school of stenography and typewriting, has registered sixty-five students during the last year. Mr. R. W. Justice is the director. ([Woodland, California has two colored letter carriers of the three and one colored substitute ; two colored ice cream venders are doing a good business in the city. Mrs. M. J. Williams who lives here is rated as the wealthiest colored woman in California. She has some $70,000 in real estate investments. ([Mr. Willard E. Stanton of Painsville, Ohio, writes that his grandmother made ice cream in that town in the sixties, which sold for five dollars a gallon. His family still treasures the first receipt. An old clipping which THE CRISIS reprinted told of the invention of ice cream some years later. ([Prof. Frederick Starr of Chicago University has been created a Knight Commander of the order of the Redemption of Ethopia by the Government of Liberia. He is given this highest honor which Liberia can bestow because of his services in placing her in her true light before the world. R. D. P. Williams, a New York colored man, has been the first engineer in this country to install and operate a prime mover which is a complete power plant in itself. This type of power unit is much used in Europe. Mr. Williams' experiment will be watched with much interest by engineers here because of the economy of the operation of the plant. The African Union Company, incorporated in New York State, is composed of men well known in their communities. They plan to export other tropical products, as well as mahogany. They have valuable mining concessions and will later open an industrial school. The natives are interested in the project. ([Wilson Mongoli Sebeta of South Africa, has finished the course in medicine and surgery at the Royal College, Glasgow, j^j THE CHURCH THE 129th anniversary of the found ing of Bethel A. M. E. Church, Philadelphia, the first independent Negro Methodist. Church in the country, was celebrated last month in Philadelphia. ([The Commission on Federation of Colored Methodist Churches has put forth a tentative plan which aims to unite all the colored Methodists in America. ALONG THE COLOR LINE 219 PERSONAL REV. RALEIGH A. SCOTT while living in England was elected minister for life of a church in Chester field, England. Miss Kathleen Easmon, a West African musician, is engaged as a dancer in the Indian Opera, Lakme, which is being rendered at the London Opera House. A few months ago Miss Easmon made her professional debut in the Oriental matinee at Shaftsbury Theatre in aid of the Indian troops in France in the presence of Queen Alexandra and other members of the royal family of Great Britain. Miss Easmon is daughter of the late Dr. John Farrel Easmon, a notable Colonial Surgeon of the Gold Coast and discoverer of the treatment of the tropical disease known as black water fever. She is sister of Dr. M. C. F. Easmon, a graduate of London University, now serving the wounded and sick of the expeditionary forces at the Kamaroons, and cousin of Dr. E. M. Boyle of Baltimore. H. B. Dismond representing Chicago University broke the national amateur record for the quarter mile. His time was forty-eight and three-fifths seconds. The best previous record made by Burke was forty-eight and four-fifths seconds. Solomon Butler leapt twenty-four feet two and one-half inches in the running broad jump beating Kelly's world record of twenty-three feet, eleven inches. Dismond and Butler will represent the Central States at the San Francisco fair. ©Mrs. M. C. Lawton of Brooklyn, N. Y., has been elected President of the Empire State Federation of Colored Women's Clubs. She succeds Mrs. Mary Talbert. Captain Martenoi of Guadeloupe is an officer in the French Navy. ©T . T. Fortune has joined the editorial staff of the Philadelphia Tribune. ©Mayor William Riddle of Atlantic City has started a hero fund for John E. Stoner, who lately saved Miss May Donovan from drowning. © Benjamin D. Gibbs won his suit against a saloon keeper of Kingsbridge, New York City, who made an exorbitant charge when serving him. ©Gustavus B. Aldrich of Tacoma, Washington, who was refused service in a restaurant there, won a suit which he brought against the owner. ©Isaac H. Smith, a former member of the legislature of North Carolina, died lately in Newbern, N. C. ©Dr. J. Marcus Cargill, the founder of Provident Hospital, Baltimore, Md., is dead. ©George W. Buckner of Indiana, United States Minister to Liberia, has notified the State Department of his intention to resign. ©Billy Kersands, a well known minstrel, died recently at Artcsia, New Mexico. ©Miss Beatrice Lomax, made the highest average in an examination for stenographers held by the New Jersey Public Service Commission. ©Dr. M. C. B. Mason the well known minister and lecturer is dead. ©Clyde Henry Donnell was one of the graduates from the Harvard Medical College. ©James Hammond who died lately in Mineola, Long Island, left an estate of $30,000. ©Lucy Nichols, only woman member of the Grand Anny of the Republic, is dead at New Albany, Indiana. ©Lawrence Hartgrove won first prize in two essay contests in Washington, D. C, recently. m FOREIGN FROM all her African colonies, from the West Indies and from India, England has received voluntary gifts of provisions and money to aid her in the war. ©Natives in British West Africa feel that the government should appoint native doctors in all the colonies on the coast. © A Social Club for Africans temporarily residing in England has been established in Liverpool. ©Colored people in South Africa have difficulty in deciding whom to support in the coming elections. All know, however, that the Labor Party is their declared enemy. THE CRISIS ([Five young men of Barbadoes have gone to Sierra Leone to work for five years on the railway there as engineers. ([Following the practice of Natal, which has always treated the blacks badly, native interpreters are being replaced, throughout South Africa, by Europeans. ([Mr. Origen S. Tlale one of the proprietors of the "Comet," a newspaper published at Maseru, South Africa, died recently at Bensonvale, South Africa. ([The South African Society and The Anti-Slavery and Aborigines Protection Society are bodies which are working for justice to the natives in all matters. ([Jack Johnson, hearing of the need of the soldiers for recreation, sent boxing gloves and footballs to the front, from London. m THE GHETTO IT will be remembered that we pub lished in our Education Number a picture of Dr. Isabella Vandervall and noted her excellent record at the New York Medical College where she led her class throughout her course. We regret to say that the Hospital for Women and Children at Syracuse, New York, would not admit Dr. Vandervall as interne when they discovered that she was colored, but peremptorily repudiated their contract and did not wish her even to spend the night at the institution after her day's travel to a city where she was unacquainted. ([The colored people of Atlanta have begun opposition to the law, already passed by the Senate of Georgia, which would bar white teachers from colored schools. ([Two petitions which ask for the segregation of the Negroes of St. Louis. Missouri, have been presented to the Commissioners of Elections of the city. The issue will be decided at the coming election. ([Bishop G. W. Clinton and Rev. G. C. Clements, traveling over the Southern Railroad to Cincinnati, were forced by the white passengers to leave- their berths and sit up the rest of the time in the "Jim Crow" car. ([ Colored and white youths came to blows in St. Mary's Park, Cairo, Illinois. ([Roscoe Conkling Giles, a graduate of Cornell University Medical School, has met with constant refusals in his attempts to get work in the hospitals in New York City. Mr. E. B. Wallace, a student of Virginia Union University, was arrested and fined eleven dollars because he was sitting in a park in the white residential section of the city. The park keeper told him "niggers" were not allowed in the park. Wallace was accused of being disorderly, but the accusation was found to be without foundation. Betty Hicks, who was left $80,000 by her white employer, who was also the father of her children, has been declared insane by a jury in Tennessee. m CRIME A REPORT from Tuskegee gives the *• number of lynchings for six months of 1915 as thirty-four. This is an increase of thirteen for the same period of 1914. ([The following lynchings have taken place since our last record: Peter Jackson, near Cochran, Ga., accused of killing three white men. He had barricaded himself in his house and the mob dynamited the dwelling to get him. Warren Fox, near Kanema, Arkansas. Said to have killed a man. Thomas Collins, near Bunkie, La., for wounding a policeman. Two Negroes near Hawkinsville, Ga. They had helped another man who was wanted by the mob. A man near De Kalb, Mississippi, for making threats. An innocent man near Round Oak, Georgia. A man at Temple, Texas, who is said to have confessed to killing three children, was burned in the public square. A crowd of young and old screamed around him. Report says Negro was lynched on board the Utah. MENofthe MONTH A PREACHER OF THE WORD TH E Rev. John B. Reeve was born in the State of New York in 1831. He early joined the church of the celebrated J. W . C. Pennington and eventually became the first colored student at Union Theological Seminary. The Rev. Henry Highland Garnett was his pastor in these years and he was graduated with honors in 1861. He at once became pastor of Lombard Street Central Presbyterian Church, Philadelphia and remained in this pastorate for a half century. Twice his work here was interrupted ; once to preach to the Union soldiers in Tennessee and once to organize the Theological School of Howard University. Dr. Reeve has always been a strong pastor preparing his learned sermons with great care and thought, and personally a man o f austere integrity and lofty ideals. He has lately resigned his •pastorate	 for a much needed rest in his old age. A COURT CRIER FO R forty-four years Mr. George W. Hays of Cincinnati has served as crier in the United States District Court in the southern district of Ohio. Mr. Hays started life as a slave in Louisiana. At seven years of age he was taken to Kentucky and at fourteen became an un willing part of the Confederate army. THE REV. JOHN B. REEVE 	MR. GEORGE W. HAYS THE CRISIS THE LATE ROBERT H. MORRIS Running away he joined the Union forces and after the war settled in Cincinnati where he has lived for forty-seven years. In 1871 he was appointed court crier by Judge Swing and has been reappointed by every succeeding judge. Outside of his regular work Mr. Hays has served for more than twenty-five years as superintendent of a Baptist Sunday School; for sixteen years as trustee for the State School for the Blind and for two terms as a member of the Ohio Legislature, lie has stood high in many of the secret orders. M A CONTRACTOR ROBERT H. MORRIS was born in •" • Danville, Pennsylvania, on the estate where he recently died, seventy-nine years ago. His ancestors, Negro and Indian, lived in the vicinity for several generations. He was a veteran of the Civil War and was for years one of the leading contractors of the vicinity, where he owned considerable real estate. He leaves one son, Robert J. Morris, of Boston and a daughter, Mrs. A. J. Price. MR. F. D. McCRACKEN A PRIVATE SECRETARY MR. FRED. B. McCRACKEN of St. Paul, Minnesota, has just closed a residence of thirteen years in Washington. Mr. McCracken was born in Iowa and received his education in the public schools of that State. In 1900 he went to St. Paul and found employment in the law office of Frederick C. Stevens, as a stenographer and typewriter. In 1902 Mr. Stevens who was a member of Congress secured for Mr. McCracken employment in the House of Representatives and in 1909 made him his private secretary, which position Mr. McCracken held until the expiration of Mr. Stevens' service in the House with the Sixty-third Congress. Mr. McCracken is believed to be the only colored man who has held such relation to a member of Congress. Since the organization of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People Mr. McCracken has been its loyal supporter. Opinions RACE INHERITANCE The New Republic asks: OR ENVIRON- "Why is the death rate MENT among Negroes, in North- cities and Southern cities alike, almost twice as great as among whites? At the last census the average death rate in the 57 registration cities was 15.9 per thousand among whites, while among Negroes it was 27.8. In the North the ratio was roughly 15 to 25, in the South 16 to 29. Taking those degeneracies that have a nervous origin or that come from high living, the ratio among whites was greater, but in tuberculosis and pneumonia, the plague of both races, the havoc among Negroes preponderates enormously. What are the reasons for this hideous disparity ? The reason, as everyone may guess, is the poverty of the Negro. The death rate stands in almost fixed relation to housing conditions, and it is clearly proved that as home ownership increases the death rate diminishes. In the degree that Negroes remain economically in ferior, their portion will not merely be social hardship but a vastly greater share of physical suffering and mortal disease. It is these hard facts that make race prejudice so base. The only prejudice that figures like these should induce is prejudice against a poverty which is literally more pestilential than war." Taking up the matter of the racial interpretation of Mexican troubles Harper's Weekly says: "Americans who hold that Porfirio Diaz was a great President of Mexico, and have never ceased to regret the refusal of the Wilson Administration to recognize Huerta as President, argue that the Mexican Indians, forming a large percentage of the population, are totally unfit for self-government. Diaz was an 'Indian' and so is Huerta. The Aztecs and Toltecs had wrought out for themselves a high degree of civilization before the Spanish Conquistadores landed on Mexican soil. Rut little inferior to these two races is the Mayan type of Indian. The Yaquis, now making trouble again, alone of the Mexican tribes are comparable to the Indians best known to the people of the United States. The Yaquis are the Mexican Apaches. They Droved themselves unconquerable until Diaz adopted the expedient of wholesale transportation to Yucatan and their exploitation in a state of slavery by the owners of the hennequen plantations. Obregon made use of the remnant left in Sonora in his first conflicts with the armies of Huerta, and they are still fighting for the right of possession of their own lands. The Mexican middle class, which has formed the backbone of the Mexican Revolution, is really a Meztizo class, the mixture of Spanish with Aztec, Toltec or Mayan strains. The requisite to modern government in Mexico has much less to do with race origin than it has to do with industrial development and popular education." The Independent adds this note: "A Rhodes scholar from Australia writes home that he wants to quit college and enlist because there is nobody left now at Oxford 'except niggers, Yanks and rotters.' It was the idea of Cecil Rhodes that by educating together young men from Australia. Canada, South Af rica, Germany, the United States and the United Kingdom, they would learn to respect and like one another. Evidently the plan does not work quite as he ex pected." On the other hand the Post Standard of Syracuse, New York, reports a pas sage from a speech by Dr. Booker T. Washington, as follows: " 'The Negro race,' said Dr. Washington, 'is in its development, something like a boy of ten or twelve years. For that reason, you should not deal too harshly with its faults.' " THE CRISIS The Afro-American Monthly, of Tampa, Fla., demurs by emphasizing the wretched surroundings: "Who cares if the little girls and boys who are compelled to live within the confines of the 'red light' district grow up moral degenerates ? Who cares if their young minds which are so suscep tible to first impressions are forever warped and distorted by having come in daily contact with such demoralizing in fluences ? Who cares if the Negro child ren are permitted to act as servants for white inmates of disorderly houses sim ply because they hold out to them allur ing compensation for their services ? We wish to state emphatically that any one who condones the existence of houses of ill-fame in the vicinity of churches is either a moral coward or a degenerate. Some of our good friends resort to sub terfuge by inferring that the colored peo ple flocked to these places after they had been occupied for the most part by dis reputable people. Such is not the case. We well remember when there were only two or three of those houses in this vicinity of which we speak. But count them now and you will find that they have increased to nearly twenty." Roger W. Babson in the Statistician emphasizes again in a letter from Brazil the way in which that country has for gotten the racial bogey: "It certainly is a great eye-opener to white people who come here from our southern states to see how this mixture of races is encouraged. There is no color line in Brazil. All men and women are judged by their earning capacity, irrespective of color. Moreover, instead of branding one 'colored' because he is one-eighth black—as is customary in the southern states of North America—the reverse system is used. One who has an eighth or one-sixteenth part white blood is branded as 'white.' " "Branded" is excellent! Owen Wister in the Atlantic Monthly has this keen thrust for certain distinguished fathers of mulatto children. He says that the Revolutionary statesmen "essayed to reconcile equality and slavery by explaining that Negroes were not exactly men; but as this was awkward for Thomas Jefferson and the numerous •other white fathers of black slaves, the position was abandoned, and America went forward with her phrase of equality and all her other phrases. "But you cannot continue to swallow a contradiction like slavery and equality for very long, without important results to your mental integrity." THE CRUCIFIED CHRIST RACE Despite everything it will con-AND tinually come back to the matter RIGHT of America's rather blatant religious professions. The Colored Christian Recorder says: "The most delicate question among us to-day is the race question—delicate because the dominant people seem to have made up their minds not to admit black people into the Christian Brotherhood. "Nothing that has happened in recent years in this city shows how delicate the question is than the avoidance of it by 'Billy' Sunday, regarded by some as the most courageous man in the pulpit today. 'Billy' touched almost even' other known wrong; but he dared not refer to the Negro's treatment. He spoke of whiskey and saloons, of sweat shops and underpaid workers, of brothels and gambling hells, of bad housing and high rents. He spoke of the relation of employer and employee, of politician to city, of business to the public, but- never of the nation to the black man. Of this he must have been afraid : for he certainly could not have been ignorant. "The psychology of it is clear. 'Billy' knew that on any of the other subjects he had at the worst a half-approving audience. He knew that the public conscience has been sufficiently awakened to give approval, even though it does not give practical demonstration to his arguments about other wrongs. But for justice for the black man there is no such public conscience. The nation will not apply its Bible to the Negro. The idea of Brotherhood, Neighbor. Square Deal, or whatever you might call it, which is fundamental in the teaching of Jesus, the nation seems determined to deny the Negro, and to label its Christianity 'For OPINIONS 225 Whites Only.' 'Billy' Sunday knows this, and as great as he is, he did not dare tackle it. In this respect he was a disappointment to us. "We cannot escape it, the test of American Christianity is the treatment of the black man. Race prejudice is the one thing which shows the weakness of Christianity far more than anything else. We can sympathize with Europe, now confusing a selfish, bloody patriotism with Christianity, when we know that America is no better, if as good. And 'Billy' Sunday was not willing, or able, to overcome the pressure of the American race prejudice." The Atlanta Constitution in its strong fight against the proposal to drive white teachers out of the colored schools of Georgia, says: "The general assembly should weigh well the principle involved in the proposed law as well as its literal interpretation. There is more than the educational or racial disadvantages of the Negro concerned—the state's attitude toward civilization and humanity is involved. "If Georgia enacts such a law she places herself in the attitude of repudiating every form of mission work in home or foreign fields. "She virtually refuses the dependent race in the state the message of civilization for which the white man stands. "The principle of such action would reflect upon every one of the thousands of godly men and women of the superior races who have so nobly sacrificed their very lives since Christianity was charged with the duty of 'preaching the gospel to all men.' "Let us hope that we have already heard the last of this unjust and ungenerous measure." NEGRO SUFFRAGE THE GRIM James Calloway, a staff writer SPECTER in the Macon Telegraph, is seeing things these days. He says: "It is the duty of those living in the white counties to protect the whites in the black belt. We know not what the exigencies of politics may evolve. Experiments now are dangerous. Our disfranchisement laws are loose; almost any one of age can now qualify under them. The Negro women have no back taxes to pay, and those who have back poll taxes unpaid will qualify when their votes are needed. "There were no Negro 'loyal leagues' in the white counties of North Georgia or in the 'pine barrens' so-called, yet they gave trouble a-plenty in the black belt. "In the debate in the Senate on this suffrage matter, Senator McCumbcr. in his speech declaring for enforcement of election laws, said to John Sharpe Williams: 'You Southern people should have learned by now how to influence the Negro vote. You have no carpetbaggers there now to interfere.' " 'But they will come,' replied Senator Williams, 'and if suffrage is granted to Negro women and the Fifteenth Amendment still a law, and the government should restore the law, then every white man in the black belt of Mississippi woud just have to pull up and leave the state.' "John Sharpe Williams and Senator Bacon opposed the Bristow amendment. They dreaded Federal control of our elections, Federal supervisors, etc. These powers may be utilized in future. "We were warned in the debate in Congress on the suffrage bill. Even be fore that we had warning when the Sutherland and Bristow amendments were debated. Said Senator Bacon to Senator Root: " 'Does the Senator mean that if laws upon the statute books of the States with reference to the regulations and limitations of suffrage in the Southern States were conceived by Congress to be unconstitutional. Congress would have the power to annul those provisions and make Federal laws to control these mat ters ?' "Mr. Root: 'Without the slightest doubt. I meant to put you on notice, and I mean to put the whole country on notice . . . that the government shall no longer surrender the power neces sary to enforce the Fourteenth and Fif teenth Amendments.' " Cecil Chesterton, in Everyman (Eng land), writes from the point of view of 226 TH E CRISIS a rather pig-headed Englishman. Speaking of Reconstruction, he says: "Thus ended the second attempt to solve the Negro problem in America. The first solution was slavery. It failed. The second solution was 'citizenship.' It failed even more disastrously. What of the third solution which the South has been attempting since 1876, and which is still on trial? "Nearly every Southerner will tell you that it has succeeded. A number of enactments ingeniously framed to evade the provisions of the Constitution have disfranchised a sufficient proportion of Negroes to make a white majority everywhere secure. The whites all vote together lest the Negroes should hold the balance of power, a fact which accounts for the 'solid South,' on which Democratic politicians rely so confidently. The Negro is virtually disfranchised. He is pretty effectively reduced to a subordinate status. And the North has, to all appearance, wholly abandoned its championship of his cause. "All the same, I doubt whether a stable equilibrium has yet been reached. The lynchings alone would_ make me skeptical on the subject. When I find obviously kindly and civilized people such as I myself mixed with in the South inflicting or tolerating outrage and torture, I do not, I hope, get Pha risaical, but all my knowledge of history leads me to diagnose something, and that something is panic." The Tulsa, Okla., World is convinced that the Supreme Court means business. "Negroes will vote at all elections in Oklahoma from this time on. So de clares the Supreme Court of the United States in an opinion declaring the cele brated 'grandfather clause' unconstitu tional. For seven years in Oklahoma the Negro has been permitted to pay taxes, to engage in any sort of business and pay his license, but he could not vote. When it came to a voice in the selection of the men who were to levy the taxes and make laws which govern him he was as mute as a tombstone. But now the shackles have been stricken from his feet and he will stand in the booth and mark his ticket like any other citizen.'' On the other hand the Public Ledger of Philadelphia has this report: "The decision of the Supreme Court on the 'grandfather clauses,' contained in the constitutions of nine Southern States will not have any great political significance in the South, is the opinion of Booker T. Washington. The Negro educator and founder of Tuskegee Institute passed through this city today en route for Atlantic City, where he will address the Anti-Saloon League Convention. "Concerning the 'grandfather clause' decision, Doctor Washington said: " 'The moral influence of any law or court decision that guarantees freedom must awaken confidence where these qualities have been lacking. Politically speaking, I do not think that the ruling on the " 'grandfather clause' " will make any great difference in the South.' " The Greensboro N. C. News is frank. "Irrespective of Supreme Court decisions and grandfather clauses, the Negro is all the time becoming a larger possible factor in politics in North Carolina and other Southern States. There is little evidence of any wish among the leaders of the Negroes that their race re-enter politics. There is no situation apparent which might serve as a motive for a white minority to induce the Negroes to become active. To superficial appearance at least, white, mixed blood and African are content for the white to have all the privileges and duties of government. All is going to be serene as long as this continues. Let an issue arise where a white minority would desire to beat a white majority, and sooner or later there will be enough Negro votes, under the present constitutional test, the educational qualification, to do it." m LYNCHING COMMENTS The following letter has been ON THE sent out from Tuskegee: INCREASE "According to the records kept by Prof. Monroe N. Work, head of the Department of Rec ords and Research, of the Tuskegee In stitute, that there have been during the first six months of the year 34 lynchings OPINIONS 227 in the United States. This is 13 more than the number, 21, for the same period last year. Of those lynched 24 were Negroes and 10 were whites. This is four more Negroes and nine more whites than were put to death by mobs in the first six months of 1914, when the record was 20 Negroes and one white. Eight, or one-fourth of total lynchings occurred in the State of Georgia. Only seven, six Negroes and one white of those put to death, or 21 per cent of the total, were charged with rape. Among the causes of lynchings were: stealing cotton, stealing hogs, stealing meat, charged with stealing a cow." THE CRISIS record for the first six months makes a total of thirty-five instead of twenty-four as reported above. One atrocious lynching in Georgia has called out a strong protest from Horace Traubel in the Altoona, Pa., Times. "They hung two Negroes in Georgia the other day 'by mistake.' That's what the telegraph story said. By mistake. And after finding out their mistake they started off—mobs started off—to find the real culprits. That is, to murder some more Negroes by some more mistakes. Where are the atrocity people now ? "A Danish musician said to me when the war broke out: 'No nation ever treated another nation as Germany treated Belgium.' I asked: 'What have you to say about the English in Egypt and India? What have you to say of the Russians and the English in Persia ?' He replied without hesitation : 'There's a big difference; the Belgians are a civilized people. The Egyptians, the Persians and the Indians are not.' Which means, of course, that you can do as you please with a man if he is your inferior. "That seems to be the notion of the Negro entertained in America. If the Germans in Belgium or the Russians in Poland were guilty of any acts which re sembled the lynchings of Negroes in the South, we'd hear no end of horror ex pressed by Americans over the ruthless warfare. But when we do it it's justi fied. The Negroes are only Negroes. "No man has a right to have a black-skin. If he has a black skin he must be made to suffer for it. He may have a white heart. But no matter. It's the skin that counts. "I find none of our papers, our organs of what we call public opinion, taking up these Georgia cases and exploiting them as a disgrace to the United States. But if a single such tragedy was cabled from the other side it would be a front page story in every newspaper. "The Negroes, too, made a mistake. They should have been born Belgians or Poles. They should have been born white. "Look at the tough deal handed out to the Sikhs by the British empire. The poor devils came over to Canada in shiploads to test the question of British citizenship. They were never allowed to land. And when they got back to India they were bullied by the authorities, and finally, many of them, hundreds of them it seems, shot down in the streets as disturbers of the harmonies of British rule. "Jesus said that the man who was without sin should throw the first stone at the woman who sinned. And he gave them time. But nobody was fool enough or impertinent enough to throw any stones. I say to all the people on the map that if there's any one of them without sin I want it to get busy and stone the rest. And I'll give them all the time they need. And I'll bet not one of them in its right mind will throw any stones. That is, not if they know themselves. But the trouble is that no nation knows itself. And yet every nation proceeds about its business not only as if it alone knew something about itself, but as if it knew all about itself. "I was acquainted with a young southerner, now dead. He was from Tennessee. His father was a judge in a southern court. The family occupied an ancestral plantation. Some of the Negroes of slavery days and most of the children of those Negroes still worked the old lands. One night there was a rape story circulated in the neighborhood. A mob cut loose from a town nearby, stole its way to the judge's farm, seized a beautiful Negro boy and hung THE CRISIS and mutilated him after the most brutal and barbarous fashion. The son got busy. He didn't believe the boy was guilty. He dug up the case at its roots. And in the end he satisfied even members of the respectable mob that they had been guilty of an unquestionable outrage. Did they express any regret? Not one of them. One man said : 'He was only a nigger.' Another man said: 'What's the use of giving the South a black eye by making a fuss over it now—it's done ?' And there the affair ended. "And so the other day Georgia repeated on itself and other Southern States. Georgia murdered two men 'by mistake.' But fortunately the two men were only niggers. I remember an incident in the North in which forty Italians were killed in a railroad collision and were ruled off with this journalistic headline: 'Fortunately, they were only laborers.' Fortunately niggers are only niggers. "How would you like it if after your sister was murdered somebody said: 'Fortunately, she was only a white woman ?' And yet the statement looks as good to me made one way as made the other. How would you like to be killed 'by mistake?' "Maybe the President will take a day off European politics and address a dignified letter to the state of Georgia asking how it dares to violate the neutrality of American Negroes. May be. But it's not likely. For officially and unofficially we, like other peoples can see all the far away evils committed by others and none of the evils we ourselves are responsible for. And I say this to you who are murderers. You who are murderers in peace or war. I say that when you kill people by mistake or otherwise you kill liberty, you kill fraternity, you kill the ideal. And this is true whether the state kills, by mistake or otherwise, or the individual kills. And this is true whether the person you kill is the most eminent or the least eminent of men.'' Even the Macon Telegraph is aroused from its usual apologetics. "The outrage of Sunday is infinitely worse than Jasper's recent red outlawry in that the Monticello crowd did get the guilty parties and their accomplices, while in Jones Negroes with not the slightest possible connection with the wanton and murderous slaying of Mr. Turner were dispatched by the self-styled 'posse' which formed to hunt down the guilty ones, but contented itself with killing almost any Negro which crossed its path. The Telegraph has no words in its vocabulary severe enough to apply to the Negro-hunting mob which sallied forth, not merely to inflict summary punishment on guilty offenders, but to reap revenge- several lives for one life, innocent or guilty, it made no difference in the exaction of the monstrous toll. "But, just a moment, before upon the head of Georgia is poured further abuse and etc., and etc." There must, of course, come the apology, the excuse of "race," and "Springfield, Ohio." M MISCELLANEOUS ([The Afro-American Ledger says concerning Vigilance Committees: "Having noted the seeming enthusiasm with which the Cleveland Gazette took up the plan of the Southwestern Christian Advocate to establish a Vigilance Committee, which is to he located in Washington, D. C, especially during the sessions of Congress, for the purpose of looking after all matters of importance to the race, we felt that the N. A. A. C. P. was the logical organization to do a thing of this kind. In fact we remembered the activity of this association on the intermarriage hills and legislation in the interest of the NEGRO Agricultural Schools. We asked Miss Nerney, general secretary of the National Association what had been done already on this direction, and quote a portion of her reply. " 'This work was admirably done last year by our Washington Branch and this year the work is being put on a broad and stronger basis. The Association paid a representative to keep track of legislation in each branch of Congress. These were experienced newspaper men OPINIONS who had direct access to all matters of interest to us. " 'We fear that this idea of organizing another Vigilance Committee is simply the old story of division and disagreement which has been the history of the colored people for the last sixty years. No other organization or committee can possibly have the influence back of it that ours has through such representatives as Mr. Villard with his powerful paper; Mr. Storey, one of the greatest lawyers in this country; Mr. Jacob H. Schiff and many others that we might name. To start another organization will not help colored people but in the end will hurt them as it will be regarded everywhere by thinking people as another evidence of disorganization.' "With our contemporaries we recognize that 'eternal vigilance is the price of safety,' but we have the machinery already organized. What we need is to set it to work. Vigilance Committees are needed not only in Washington but in state capitals, and the local branches of the N. A. A. C. P. should perform that function with eager willingness." (["Portrait heads of four Egyptian princes who were living when the Sphinx was carved are coming to Boston soon, according to word received at the Museum of Fine Arts from Dr. George A. Reisner, in charge of its explorations in Egypt. Eight lifesize heads of members of the court of Chephren have been found since last summer in the royal cemetery at Giza, and four of them have been assigned to the Boston museum, while four will remain in the museum at Cairo. The present season's finds supplement Dr. Reisner's discovery of the mystery of the Sphinx. " 'The importance of these portraits from the artistic, the historical and the merely human point of view,' writes Dr. Reisner, 'makes the groups a find almost equal to the group of statutes found in the Mycerinus temples. The men and women whose faces they show us had spoken with Cheops and Chephren, and had seen the first and second pyramids in building. Without doubt they had made their offering in the funerary Tem ple of Cheops and had witnessed the carving of the Great Sphinx.' "This find by the Boston investigator, one of the greatest of recent years in Egypt, was made at the Giza site, which was supposed long ago to have been ex hausted. , "That the Egyptian rulers of the Fourth Dynasty (2900-2750 B. C.) had Negro blood has before now been suspected, and Dr. Reisner believes that some of these heads prove the facts. 'The wife of the prince is, curiously enough, of a distinctly negroid type. The head is, I believe, the earliest known portrait of a Negro.' Two of the men also have somewhat un-Egyptian skulls."— Boston Transcript. Mr. George M. McClellan writes concerning the note in our last number which spoke of the "last surviving member of the famous Fisk Jubilee Singers. "Since when did Maggie Porter (Mrs. Cole), Detroit; Mabel Lewis (Mrs. Imes), Cleveland; Eliza Walker, Chicago, and Hinton Alexander, Chattanooga, die ? These with die others sang before kings and queens in all Europe, all in the original band, Maggie Porter and Eliza Walker leaving Nashville the first day of the company; Mabel Lewis and Hinton Alexander a little later. These few remaining of that once glorious band are too significant to be buried alive." {[Musical America states that:—"The widow of Samuel Coleridge-Taylor is trying to ascertain the present whereabouts of the manuscript of a set of variations for the 'cello written by her husband a few years ago. The composition was played eight or nine years since at a concert given by the Croydon String Players' Club, and later the composer lent it to one of his 'cellist friends, whose name he did not record. No trace of it has been found since." m ©Five pieces of cloth with printed design the work of the natives of Zanzibar, are on exhibition at the New York Custom House. Pottery forms have been used very interestingly as the decorative motif in each piece. A PAGEANT IN 1913 and since there have been several cele brations of the Fiftieth Anniversary of th e Emancipation Proclama tion. The Emancipation Proclamation, however, only proclaimed freedom in parts of the United States and it did not make the institution of slavery illegal. The Thirteenth Amend ment was the legal end of American slavery. This Amendment passed Con gress January 31, 1865, and became a part of the Constitution December 18, 1865. It is fitting that the jubilee of this great landmark in human culture be celebrated, and celebrated in Washington by the descendants of the chief beneficiaries of its provisions. The celebration, too, should be unique and make a wide appeal. The ordinary "exposition" idea with assembled exhibits has not only been overworked but done so extraordinarily well at Paris, Chicago and St. Louis that no small effort however commendable can be aught but disappointing. The Pageant, that new and rising form of art expression, seems especially fitted for such a celebration as this. A pageant is not a tableau or playlet or float. It is a great historical folk festival, staged and conducted by experts with all the devices of modern theatrical presentation and with the added touch of reality given by numbers, space and fidelity to historical truth. The great pageants of England and those at Philadelphia, Boston and St. Louis in America are well known. Only one pageant has been attempted by American Negroes. This formed the chief feature of the Emancipation Celebration of the State of New York and repeatedly drew crowds beyond the capacity of the large armory. Many requests have been made for a repetition of this pageant but this seemed impracticable. However, a partnership has finally been formed to be known as the Horizon Guild, under the presidency of Dr. W. E. B. Du Bois. The Horizon Guild, which will eventually be incorporated, proposes to present pageants of Negro history in the principal centers of Negro population during the next decade. It is hoped in this way to form a sound basis for the dignified celebration of the adoption of the Fourteenth Amendment in 1916, the Ter-Centennary of the Landing of the Negro in 1919 and the Jubilee of the Fifteenth Amendment in 1920. The Guild is not a money making venture but a philanthropy on business principles whose small initial capital has been contributed by persons interested in the development of Negro dramatic art in America. Furthermore, the Guild is entirely an independent venture with a single object and unconnected with any other organization. During the week of October tenth the Horizon Guild will present in Washington, D. C , a pageant "The Jewel ot EDITORIAL Ethiopia" portraying the history of the Negro race for 5,000 years. The pageant will be given under the auspices of a local committee of one hundred citi zens and will use one thousand participants chosen from among the colored inhabitants of the district. The pageant will be given in the open air. The musical setting will consist of fifty-three pieces of Negro music by Negro composers ; the costumes will be historically accurate and the scenery and properties will be simple but imposing. Altogether this will be the greatest dramatic event ever attempted by colored Americans and it will fitly celebrate the great Amendment which declared that "neither slavery nor involuntary servitude . . . shall exist within the United States or any place subject to their jurisdiction." Persons interested in the work of the Horizon Guild may communicate with the Editor of THE CRISIS. A PHILANTHROPIST MR. A. L. WEAVER is a young man employed in the Chicago post office working for a salary of one hundred dollars a month. He is support ing a wife and three children. During the year of 1914 he secured one hundred and four memberships for the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People and two hundred and sixty-four subscriptions for THE CRISIS. His commission from THE CRISIS was about eighty dollars. But instead of depositing this money in the hank or using it to better the living conditions of his family he not only gave the money in the form of subscriptions to various clubs, institutions and individuals, but used money out of his salary to buy postage, stationery and money-orders. He also gave three Negro books to Negro institutions and nineteen Negro books to individuals to encourage stu dents to better their marks at graduation. In all, this amounted to something over one hundred dollars. How happy this would have made his family! But he opened his heart and gave it to charity. With all due respect to Carnegie, Rocke feller and Ford, Mr. Weaver is a Real Philanthropist. ^ THE GRANDFATHER CLAUSE. THE white southern oli garchy is laughing silently behind its hand. Two decades' years ago it faced a dilemma. A wretched Negro public school system (which has since grown worse in most southern states) made it easy to disfranchise the mass of the Negro voters by a literacy test. But how about the 100,000 southern white voters who could not read and write? To cajole these the oligarchy, with a smile, concocted the celebrated "Grandfather clause," impudently establishing hereditary privilege in this republic. They did not expect the scheme to work. It was a "gold brick" pure and simple for inducing the ignorant white laborer to destroy the black labor vote and leave himself so much the more at the mercy of the capitalist. To the amazement of the white South itself this illegal, undemocratic and outrageous provision has actually been allowed to stand on the statute books and be enforced for SEVENTEEN YEARS! Finally, when further evasion of the issues involved was humanly almost impossible, the Supreme Court solemnly declares a law unconstitutional which has already been in force a half a generation. THE CRISIS Considering, however, the inexcusable blows delivered on the body of the prostrate black man by the Supreme Court from the Dred Scott case, of infamous memory, to the emasculating of the Fourteenth Amendment, the civil rights cases and the "Jim-Crow" decisions of our day, we have cause to rejoice at the overthrow of the "Grandfather Clause." But there is much more than this in the late decision and the Bourbon South would do well to laugh neither loud nor too long. The Supreme Court has confirmed the validity of the Fifteenth Amendment. It has declared that Negroes have a right to vote on the same terms as other citizens. This is a blow at all race discrimination in politics. This will not give us our rights immediately but it puts us in the shadow of the mightiest advance since 1863. io HAYTI LET us save Hayti. Hayti is a noble nation. It is a nation that has given the world one of its greatest names— Touis saint L'Ouverture. It is a nation that made slaves free. It is a nation that dared and dares to fight for freedom. This is no time or place for us American Negroes who seldom have had courage to fight, to point scornful fingers at our brothers. Remember that in one respect Hayti leads the world. Out of a hell of slavery it has succeeded in placing on their own little farms the happiest peasants in the world. Not France, Germany, England nor Russia has done the like. Industrially Hayti has lagged because she lacks capital and capital is the present day monopoly of white nations. Finally stung by poverty and lured by European luxury a portion of Hayti's leaders have robbed her shamefully. She is struggling to rid herself of these grafters. Let us help and not hinder. Let us help Hayti rid herself of thieves and not try-to fasten American thieves on her. The time calls for a Haytian Commission of white and colored men appointed by the President to co-operate with Hayti in establishing permanent peace and in assuring our stricken sister that the United States respects and will always respect her political integrity. m BEGGING IT appears that there are many people who seem to think that the friends connected with this As sociation are in position to loan money in considerable sums to private individuals. Consequently these friends are literally beset with pleas and requests which are impossible to grant even to deserving ones. A considerable number of the cases, moreover, are not deserving. One young writer in this city has begged of our friends so frequently and needlessly that the editor has had to speak plainly of his character. In return for this the young man is circulating through the colored press a charge that the editor "has done much to discourage young men of the race who are aspiring to be writers by writing them insulting letters reflecting upon their early educational training." This is not only untrue but has many ear marks of being malicious. The CRISIS has always welcomed young writers. It has conceived its greatest mission to be the discovery of literary talent in the Negro race. During the last five years it has published more manuscripts from unknown colored writers than any periodical in the world. The EDITORIAL first or early work of the following young colored authors have appeared in our columns: Maynard H. Jackson, Jessie Fauset, Angelina W. Grimke, Annie McCary, Otto Bohanan, Lottie B. Dickson, Clarence Bixby, Jasper Ross, Minnibelle Jones, Cora J. B. Moten, Fenton Johnson, Robert J. Laurence, Virgil Cooke, Harry H. Pace, Arthur Tunnell, French Wilson, T. R. Patten, R. W. Justice and Will N. Johnson. THE CRISIS published the first drawings of Richard L. Brown and Laura Wheeler, and has given wide publicity to young artists like Lorenzo Harris, Louise Latimer and John Henry Adams. Not only this but THE CRISIS has spent a great deal of time in encouraging writers whose work it cannot publish. Our rule is never to criticize a manuscript unless asked to do so and often not then. With every rejected manuscript we send a studiously polite refusal which in nearly every case is as follows: "W e regret that this contribution kindly offered us is unsuited to the pre sent needs of THE CRISIS. W e are, therefore, returning it with sincere thanks for your kindness in permitting us to see it. "We assure you that we are always ready to examine contributions." Sometimes we are asked for further criticism and when we can spare the time we give this frankly, but always with the idea of encouraging the slightest sign of talent. To return to our muttons: The supporters of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People are not millionaires. They are giving time and thought to this work; they realize keenly our poverty and lack of opportunity; they give generously but they cannot beggar their families even for deserving cases, much less for undeserving ones. OTHER ORGANIZATIONS WE have received in a num ber of cases recently complaint that in men tioning the work and protests of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People we have not always mentioned other organizations engaged in similar work. Let us make our policy clear: When any action of any kind has in our judgment a real news value we mention it and mention therewith such names and places as will make it intelligible. W e do not attempt, however, to chronicle the actions of organizations or persons which have no general news value except in one case and that is the case of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People. As the special organ of this organization we chronicle for the benefit of its 7,500 members and tens of thousands of its friends and sympathizers its actions in detail. This obviously we do in the case of no other organization with such particularity. On the other hand we never consciously suppress news of persons or organizations or fail to attempt to give due credit to all. bra MISTAKES THE CRISIS is anxious to maintain a good typo graphical appearance. It was especially annoying, therefore, to have our July number marred by several inexcusable errors. In truth, the root of the trouble for these errors and for certain other delinquencies lies in the fact that our editorial department is undermanned. One of these days when our subscribers increase to the coveted 50,000 we hope to make such mistakes impossible. THE EIGHTH REGIMENT ARMORY COLORED CHICAGO IT is said that the first cabin in the present confines of Chicago was built by a San Domingan Negro in 1779. To-day there are 50,000 persons of Negro descent in this city of two and one-half millions. Chicago has usually treated its colored citizens more liberally than most large American cities. The Ordinance of 1787 drove slavery from this territory and fugitive slaves found refuge here in many cases. It was not until 1873, however, that colored children were admitted to the public schools. Like all the larger American cities Chicago's Negro population has an immigrant character and consequently is at any given period rather sharply divided in an older class of well established citizens and a large mass of more or less unassimilated new comers. In the case of white immigrants the first of these two classes merge with the larger community and cease to figure as "hyphenated" Americans. Color prejudice in the case of persons of Negro descent class all these citizens in one group, visit criticism and discrimination upon MAJOR O. B. DUNCAN MAJOR R. R. JACKSON MAJOR A. A. WESLEY 'References: Harris: Negro Servitude in Illinois; Negro Crime in Chicago by M. N. Work; U. S. Cen-The Colored People of Chicago by L. D. Bowen; sus, 1900, 1910. COLORED CHICAGO CAPTAINS OF THE REGIMENT 1. Hill 2. Pinkney 5. Arnett 6. Jefferson 9. Nelson 10. Holmes them all alike and makes intelligent study or judgment of them extremely difficult. Earning a living is naturally the first problem of these 50,000 folks. In 1910 out of 18,437 colored men over fifteen years of age in gainful occupations there were 2,500 general laborers, 3,828 railway porters, 3,136 servants and waiters, 1,358 janitors, 443 bartenders and elevator men and 1,841 artisans including 319 barbers, 119 butchers, 92 carpenters, 67 stationery engineers, 116 stationery firemen, 95 machinists, 246 helpers in building and hand trades, 198 3. White 4. Fry 7. Stokes 8. Anderson 11 Byrd 12. Smith painters, 90 plasterers, 67 masons, 46 electricians, etc. Among the other 8,000 men there were in transportation 220 chauffeurs, 566 draymen, 149 longshoremen, 266 de-liverymen, 535 porters in stores and 131 messenger boys. In professional service there were 619: 78 actors, 15 artists, 76 clergymen, 14 dentists, 10 editors and reporters 44 lawyers, 216 musicians, 16 photographers, 109 physicians, 30 showmen and 11 school teachers. In business there were 93 manufac 236 THE LT. COL. JAMES A. JOHNSON turers, 24 proprietors of transfer companies, 5 wholesale dealers, 23 undertakers, 218 retail dealers and 771 clerks, salesmen, stenographers, etc. In the civil service there were 54 policemen and detectives which have since increased to over 80. There were 20 United States, state and city officials and 87 watchmen and firemen. Colored women in Chicago were in gainful occupations in 1910 as follows: 3,653 as servants and waitresses, 2,229 as washerwomen, 939 as dressmakers and milliners, 316 as hairdressers and manicurists, 458 as boarding housekeepers, stewardesses, etc. Beside these there were 29 women retail dealers, 54 actresses, 136 musicians, 53 school teachers, 42 trained nurses, 53 stenographers and 145 clerks, book-keepers, etc. A later compilation in 1913 shows 292 colored men employed bv the City of Chicago and 755 by the Federal Government including a large number of post office clerks and carriers. Colored Chicago suffers from high rent and difficulty in buying houses in good residence districts. The increase, however, in home owning during the last twenty years has been phenomenal CRISIS although no exact statistics are available. There are thirty or more colored churches in the city, a fine hospital, the Provident, four social settlements working chiefly among colored people and the Young Men's Christian Association with a building which cost $195,000 and a membership of 2,000. There is an Old Folks' Home, a Home for Colored Working Girls, a League of Colored Women's Clubs, the Amanda Smith Industrial Home and a large number of social clubs like the Appomatox. Out of the mass of colored folk in Chicago have risen numbers of distinguished people who have made their mark in city life and_ even in the life of the nation quite independent of their race or color. As compared with other cities colored Chicago is noted for its push and independence, its political aggressiveness and its large number of middle class working people who are doing well. As teachers in the public schools, and public officials, the Chicago colored people have more than maintained their proportionate quota. In business and industry they are still behind but pushing rapidly forward. Small wonder that a progressive, alert group like this should maintain the largest circulation, per capita, as buyers of TH E CRISIS. THE MILLER WAREHOUSE \ ST. MARK M. E. CHURCH SOME CHICAGOANS OF NOTE IT is a difficult task to single out for mention some of the colored people in Chicago who have made a mark in the world. First and foremost our limited space makes it quite impossible to mention more than a few and those whom we select are selected rather as examples than as an exhaustive list. Our cover carries the picture of Franklin A. Denison, Colonel of the Eighth Infantry, Illinois National Guard. Colonel Denison is a graduate of Lincoln and of the Union College of Law. He was for many years Assistant Prosecuting Attorney of the City of Chicago and afterward Assistant Corporation Counsel. The Eighth Regiment, of which he was elected colonel in 1914, was first mustered in as a battalion in 1895. In 1898 it was raised to regimental strength and saw service in the Spanish QUINN CHAPEL (A. M. E.) ST. THOMAS (P. E.) OLIVET (BAPTIST) THE CRISIS DR. C. E BENTLEY MR. OSCAR DE PRIEST DR. DANIEL WILLIAMS war under Colonel Marshall who must be regarded as its founder and chief inspiration. In 1908 a movement was started to provide an armory and permanent home for the regiment. After a long and weary struggle in which Colonel Denison took a prominent part the armory was finally ready for occupancy in February, 1915. It is constructed of fire brick with stone trimmings and has a drill floor one hundred and sixty feet by ninety, beside corridors, executive offices and company rooms, thirty-eight by twenty-eight feet. The best known colored American in Chicago outside of mere racial lines is undoubtedly Charles E. Bentley. Dr. Bentley is a dentist. He was born in Ohio, educated in the public schools of Cincinnati and received his dental training at the Chicago College of Dental Surgery. He early became so proficient in his work as to number many of the most prominent citizens of Chicago among his patients and to draw others from outside the city. But Dr. Bentley has been more than a mere dentist. In 1896 at a meeting of the Illinois Dental. Society, Dr. Bentley made the first suggestion of dental examinations in the public schools. Afterward he submitted a comprehensive report on the matter to the Odontographic Society and from this have sprung the dental examinations made in nearly all the public schools of the country. The MR. W. F. CHILDS MR. JOSEPH MILLER REV. M. H. JACKSON SOME CHICAGOANS OF NOTE THE OVERTON HYGIENIC MANUFACTURING COMPANY above society was organized by Dr. Bentley in 1888 and he was its first president. Under his management it held in 1903 a great dental congress with three thousand members of the profession and a thousand dental students in attendance. As a reward for this Dr. Bentley was made head of the dental clinics at the St. Louis Exposition but resigned on account of the prejudice of southern whites. Of late years Dr. Bentley has been prominent in civic work: for twenty years he has been the secretary of the Provident Hospital and is one of the Directors of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People. Sheadrick B. Turner is one of the two colored men elected to the Illinois Legislature from Chicago and is one of the three representatives from the First Senatorial District. He follows a number of colored men from this district, among them Edward H. Morris, William Martin, John Jones, Dr. Lane and Edward D. Green. In 1912 the split of the Republican Party resulted in the loss of a colored representative from this district, so that Mr. Turner takes up race representation where Mr. Green left off. Mr. Turner was born in Bayou, Louisiana, July 12, 1869. Finishing the public schools in 1878 he moved to Kane County., Illinois, where he was graduated from the high school. Moving to Springfield he took a course in the Springfield Business College. In June, 1908, he was graduated from the Illinois College of Law. ([The most noted colored physician in the United States is Daniel Hale Williams who was born in Pennsylvania in PROVIDENT HOSPITAL AND VICINITY THE CRISIS MRS. I. W. BARNETT MRS. L. B. SHREVES MISS V. M. ANDERSON 1888. Dr. Williams is a graduate of the Northwestern Medical School, has long practiced in Chicago and while a member of the Illinois State Board of Health became one of the principal promoters and founders of Provident Hospital in 1891. This hospital established the first training school for colored nurses. Dr. Williams remained as attending surgeon in this hospital until 1912. For several years he was surgeon-in-chief of Freed-men's Hospital, Washington, D. C, and is now connected with Meharry Medical College and St. Luke's Hospital, Chi cago. Dr. Williams is famous as the first physician to perform a successful operation on the human heart. He was made a fellow of the American College of Surgeons in 1913 and received the degree of LL.D. from Wilberforce University. ([Mr. Oscar DePriest is the first colored man to be elected a member of the Chicago Common Council. He was born in Alabama,, and is forty-three MR. E. H. WRIGHT REV. J. W. ROBINSON DR. G. C. HALL SOME CHICAGOANS OF NOTE WHERE THE EXPOSITION WILL BE HELD years of age with a wife and two sons. He was originally a painter but is now engaged in the real estate business and has long been prominent in politics. £Mr . Edward H. Wright has also held high office having been County Commissioner and has just been appointed Assistant Corporation Counsel at a salary of five thousand dollars by the Mayor of Chicago. Another prominent Chicago physician is Dr. George Cleveland Hall. He has been for twenty year s attending surgeon of the Provident Hospital and has given much of his time lately to the holding of surgical clinics and the establishment of infirmaries throughout the large cities of the South. Dr. Hall is a prominent member of many movements for uplift including the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, th e National Negro Business League, the Frederick Douglas Center Avenue Department of the Young Men's Christian Association. ([Among the prominent ministers of Chicago may be mentioned the Rev. A. J. Carey, who has recently been appoint ed Special Investigator of the Corpora tion Counsel by Mayor Thompson. Dr. Carey was pastor of Quinn Chapel. (Th e Rev. H. M, Jackson has been for twenty-five years pastor of the First Colored Presbyterian Church of the city. He is especially honored for his upright character. ([The Rev. J. B. Massiah of the Protestant Episco pal Church has been in Chicago for more than ten years and in that tim e has quad rupled his congre gation. Among other clergymen are the Rev. John W. Robinson, the Rev. E. J. Fisher and a number of pastors whose biographies we have been unable to obtain. W e learn of Dr. Fisher's death as we go to press. Mr. William F. Childs, Lieutenant of Police, has al and the Wabash ready been spoken ONE OF DR. BENTLEY'S OFFICES THE THE HON. S. B. TURNER of in THE CRISIS. He has had a distinguished career and is in the Bureau of Identification. ([Among the business men Mr. Anthony Overton, the head of the Overton Hygienic Manufacturing Company, is one of the most interesting. His company was established at Kansas City, Missouri, in 1898 to manufacture baking powder with a capital of $1,960 and two employees. The company now is capitalized at $286,000, manufactures sixty-two different kinds of articles including baking powder, extracts and toilet articles and employs thirty-two people. ([Among the other successful Negro business men of Chicago is Joseph Miller, the owner and proprietor of Miller's Buena Park Warehouse and Baggage Express. Mr. Miller began life forty-nine years ago and ultimately started a small express business with one horse and a wagon. To-day his fireproof warehouse, with heated rooms and vaults, occupies fifty feet frontage in the busiest district of the North Shore of Chicago. He has three large vans and five express wagons to which an auto true'; has recently been added. ([Turning now to the women of Chicago we face especial difficulty in selection because of their natural desire to avoid publicity. We may merely mention Mrs. Florence Lewis Bentley, who was for several years literary editor of CRISIS the Philadelphia Press and is to-day a strong social force in the city. ([Best known to the world is the late Amanda Smith who was born in Maryland and freed by her father together with her mother and six other children. Amanda Smith went to England at the invitation of Lady Somerset and spent twelve years preaching in Europe, Asia and Africa. She gave every cent of the savings thus accumulated to the founding of a home for orphan children. She lived just long enough to see this home for which she had sacrificed everything assured permanence by being placed under State control. She died in Florida in 1915 at the age of seventy-eight. ([Mrs. Ida Wells Barnett is one of the best known colored women in America and a peculiarly gifted speaker. As a young woman and editor of a paper in Tennessee she witnessed the lynching of three respectable and entirely innocent colored men. Aroused by this frightful injustice she started a crusade, and not before nor since has the world been so aroused over the disgrace of American mob murders. Miss Wells married F. L. Barnett, a prominent colored lawyer of Chicago, and has reared a family. We may also mention Mrs. Lulu B. Shreves, President of the only colored auxiliary of the Spanish war veterans in the State of Illinois, and Miss Violet M. Anderson, a law reporter, who numbers nearly all the colored lawyers and many of the noted white lawyers among her patrons. MR. BINGA'S BANK THE BANNER BRANCH AT its meeting on August 9 the Board of Directors of the National Asso ciation voted to award a loving cup to the District of Columbia Branch in re cognition of the results it has accom plished during the year. This cup is to be given by the Branch to the person in its membership whom it may select. The work accomplished by the membership committee of this branch has suggested a contest, announced on page 246. Added to its work in Congress, which was one of the most important achievements of the Association during the past year, the Branch arranged a series of mass meetings, systematically reported upon discrimination in government departments and discrimination locally, securing the reinstatement of several discharged clerks, and rounded out its work by a campaign for membership which at its close had collected over five hundred dollars and added over three hundred new members and fifty-nine subscribers to TH E CRISIS. Organized in March, 1913, the Branch had four hundred members at the end of that year. In December, 1914. it had six hundred and ninety-five members, and at the close of its membership campaign in July, 1915, eleven hundred. As lack of space prevents our printing the report of the membership committee in full, a summary of the methods used in its campaign may be suggestive. A committee of three, after receiving the endorsement of the executive committee of the Branch, enlarged itself to twenty and included the following: Messrs. Billings, Dudley, Henson, Hunt, Hilyer, Elliott, Miner, Mehlincer, Cuney. Pinkett, Ouander. Thomas. Singleton, and the Misses Moore, Tones, Ouander and Tancil, with Mr. Thomas W. Turner, Chairman, Miss Mary Cromwell, Secretary, and Miss Julie Smith, Treasurer. Printed cards prepared by Mr. Hilyer giving six reasons for joining the Association were distributed and a questionnaire drawn up by Miss Cromwell was sent out. Six public meetings were held as follows : Florida Avenue Baptist Church, arranged by Mr. Cuney; First Baptist Church, Georgetown, arranged by Mr. Pinkett; John Wesley Church, arranged by Mr. Dudley; Israel Baptist Church, N. E., arranged by Mr. Quander; Liberty Baptist Church, arranged by Mr. Turner; and a meeting in Anacostia, planned by Miss Simpson. The success of these was largely due to the cooperation of ministers and to Prof, and Mrs. Cook, Messrs. Hilyer, Thomas and Wilkinson, Mrs. E. L. Williams and Miss Fauset. The committee directed its efforts to reaching the masses of the people since it felt that one dollar from twenty-five members was more significant than twenty-five dollars from one member. Its slogan was an adaptation by Mr. Cuney of the Association's name, "THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION AGAINST COLOR PREJUDICE." Mr. Andrew F. Hilyer has organized a correspondence committee which, by letters of appreciation and protests against injustice addressed to influential people all over the country, will bring the race question to their attention. THE LOUISVILLE CAMPAIGN THE Committee of One Hundred and More of the Louisville Branch has finished its campaign for raising funds toward the expenses of their segregation case. In a little less than three weeks they have raised over five hundred dol THE CRISIS lars. In its whirlwind campaign the committee held mass meetings in all sections of the city, before lodges, in churches, parlors, and also conducted a house to house canvass. The twenty-five captains carrying on the work were under the immediate direction of Mr. S. O. Johnson, Chairman, and included the following: Doctors McIntyre, Lattimore, Merchant, Whedbee and Scott; Messrs. McClellan, Evans, Matthews, Steward, Parks, Meyzeek and Smith; Mesdames B. P. Whedbee, E. K. Thomas, Wm. H. Steward and Nolan King; and the following clergymen: W. J. Walls, E. G. Harris, J. W. Gibson, John H. Frank, H. W. Jones, C. H. Parrish, J. R. Harvey and W. M. Johnson. The success of the campaign in a great degree was due to the hearty cooperation of the churches and ministerial unions which were largely represented on the committee. The committee finished its work with a mass meeting in Quinn Chapel which Mr. Villard had expected to address. As he was kept in Washington by the German crisis, Prof. Pickens, Dean of Morgan College, took his place and spoke on "The Ultimate Effects of Segregation and Discrimination." There were brief addresses by Mr. Warley and Mr. Johnson and re-, ports from the captains of the committee. Mr. Storey has accepted the invitation of the local attorneys, Blakey, Quin and Lewis, to associate with them in the case which has been appealed to the Supreme Court. Mention should also be made of Mr. W. H. Wright who represented Mr. Harris in the case of Harris vs. Commonwealth, of Mr. A. A. Andrews, attorney for the Branch, who has given legal assistance from time to time, and of Mr. Butcher, Secretary, and Mr. Bullock, Treasurer of the Branch. m OTHER BRANCHES Columbus: This branch has succeeded in its effort, mentioned in the last CRISIS, to have a patrolman dismissed from the force for reckless and indiscriminate use of firearms. Of the two policemen suspended, Thomas Robinson was dismissed from the force and William Bragg, who was with him at the time of the shooting was reinstated. The Director of Public Safety, Mr. Bargar, in dismissing Robinson who was appointed to the police force in May, 1910, gave his decision as follows: "This case has presented some difficulty because of the officers past good record. The officer was pursuing a man whom he had reason to believe had just committed a misdemeanor. This offense was not justification for the first shot, which is presumed to have been fired in the air. The second and third shots, evidently fired directly at two innocent women, [colored], constitutes such reckless disregard of human life as to require that an example be set in order to avoid similar offenses where there is no riot or felony, and only one misdemeanant is being pursued." Muskogee: has sent resolutions to the Board of Directors approving the work of the Association on the grandfather cases. Philadelphia: At a meeting the executive committee passed resolutions extending a vote of thanks to the committee which had been appointed to keep in touch with the Equal Rights Bill when it was before the Legislature in Harrisburg. The Committee consisted of Dr. J. Max Barber, Messrs. Ellwood Heacock, Isadore Martin, James G. Davis, William H. Jones, George H. White and R. R. Wright, Jr. The resolutions express regret "that in spite of the good work of our Association through its committee, the bill, on account of disloyal members of the race, and the ingratitude and treachery of certain members of the General Assembly, who pretended to be our friends, was finally so amended and passed that it is an insult to the race and absolutely worthless." Three branches, Pittsburgh, Harrisburg and Philadelphia, were more or less actively interested in the bill which the Cosmopolitan Club of Pittsburgh claims to have orig inated. The Association is indebted N. A. A. C. P. particularly to Dr. Barber and Mr. Isadora Martin of the Philadelphia Branch for their indefatigable efforts to secure the passage of the measure in its original and radical form. The bill as finally amended was vetoed by the Governor. St. Paul has taken up the case of a colored girl of seventeen, Janie Freeman, who is serving a sentence in prison for forging a small check to pay her expenses home. Tacoma: Mrs. Nettie J. Asberry of the Tacoma Branch has been appointed field agent by the National Association to do work of organization in the Northwest. m MEETINGS T H E work of the Association has •*• been kept before the public by meetings all over the country. Miss S. Elizabeth Frasier of Brooklyn in an eloquent address represented the National Association at the Empire State Federation of Women's Clubs in annual session in Auburn, N. Y., and the Federation endorsed the work of the Association in the following resolution: "Resolved that the Empire State Federation of Women's Clubs in Convention at Auburn, July 3, 4, 5, 1915, endorse the work of the National Association realizing that it is doing more work in breaking down race prejudice than any other organization." Mrs. Butler R. Wilson spoke for the Association at the annual Convention of the Northeastern Federation of Women's Clubs in Philadelphia where resolutions were unanimously passed endorsing the Association. Meetings have been held by branches in Harrisburg, Providence and Buffalo; in Des Moines and Galesburg where Prof. Pickens spoke and in Cleveland where Dr. Dan F. Bradley and Judge Hart made an appeal for unity and cooperation. The Northern California Branch was addressed by Prof, and Mrs. Cook and Mrs. John S. Bruce of Washington at a reception given in their honor. At the regular meeting of the Branch, which was the second largest meeting in its history, the Rev. Albert W. Palmer of Plymouth Congregational Church was the speaker. The Hon. George H. Woodson, Chairman of the Legal Committee of the Des Moines Branch, addressed the Quincy Branch at an important meeting held to discuss housing conditions of colored people. PHOTO PLAYS AND BRANCHES TW O branches have succeeded in prohibiting the exhibition of the photo-play, "The Birth of a Nation," Providence, R. I., and Gary, Ind. In Providence action was taken by the Police Commissioner who refused to license the production after he had seen it in Boston. In Gary, Ind., through the activity of the N. A. A. C. P. Local recently organized, of which Judge Dunn is President, both "The Birth of a Nation" and "The Nigger" were prohibited. In St. Louis the Police Department decided against "The Birth of a Nation," the opposition having been led by Miss Charlotte Rumbold, City Superintendent of Recreation. The agitation was begun at the suggestion of the St. Louis Branch of "the N. A. A. C. P. Despite protests in Sacramento, Spokane, Tacoma, Portland and Seattle, the play is running in these cities without the elimination of any of the objectionable scenes. In Sacramento the agitation was carried on under the name of the Northern California Branch and greatly aided by the cooperation of Mr. C. K. McClathy of the Sacramento Bee, who, in addition to a long abstract from THE CRISIS, published a letter from the Oakland G. A. R. which scored the play in resolutions of protest. Governor Tohnson also condemned the theme of the picture. In Chicago the film was much modified and in Boston it was so changed as to be almost unintelligible, practically all of the worst rape scene having been cut nut. Griffith, the producer, is quoted as having said that though he won in Boston they ruined his film. In Chicago he is dissatisfied because children cannot see his play, all under twenty-one being excluded from the theatre. 246 TH E CRISIS PRIZE CONTEST FOR N. A. A. C. P. BRANCHES and LOCALS The National Association for the Advancement of Colored People offers the following prizes to its Branches and Locals: GENERAL PRIZES To each Branch or Local remitting to the Treasurer of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People. Oswald Garrison Villard, 70 Fifth Avenue. New York City, cash representing memberships in the Association and subscriptions to THE CRISIS ranging in amount from $50 to $500. a library of books on the race question valued at from $5 to $50. and a silver loving cup suitably inscribed will be donated: this library and loving cup are to be given by the successful Branch or Local to a person in their membership whom they may select. The selection of titles of books is to be made by the individual thus named. The details of this contest are as follows: Each Branch or Local remitting not less than $50 and under $100 in memberships and subscriptions will receive a library valued at $5 and a loving cup. Each Branch or Local remitting not less than $100 and under $200 in memberships and subscriptions will receive a library valued at $10 and a loving cup. Each Branch or Local remitting not less than $200 and under $300 in memberships and subscriptions will receive a library valued at $20 and a loving cup. Each Branch or Local remitting not less than $300 and under $400 in memberships and subscriptions will receive a library valued at $30 and a loving cup. Each Branch or Local remitting not less than $400 and under $500 in memberships and subscriptions will receive a library valued at $40 and a loving cup. Each Branch or Local remitting $500 or more in memberships and subscriptions will receive a library valued at $50 and a loving cup. GRAND PRIZE To the Branch or Local remitting to the Treasurer of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People. Oswald Garrison Villard. 70 Fifth Avenue. New York City, the largest net amount in Association memberships and CRISIS subscriptions.a scholarship of $200 for the year 1916-17 in any American institution for higher education (i. e.. above High School grade) to which the candidate chosen is eligible: the candidate, boy or girl, is to be selected by the successful Branch or Local on the basis of character and scholarship. In case of a tie a scholarship of $200 will be given each of the contesting Branches or Locals who are tied. Only new memberships and new subscribers will be counted in this contest. No branch can receive more than one of the general prizes. The contest opens September 1st and closes November 28th, 1915. Results will be published in full in THE CRISIS, and detailed instructions are being mailed to all Branches and Locals. No returns will be received at the National Office after November 28th. Sunday. November 21st is designated as BROTHERHOOD DAY. on which Branches are requested to announce results of the work locally, and to bring the work of the National Association and its organ. THE CRISIS, to the attention of their communities by services in churches of all denominations. Address all communications to the office of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People. Room 518. 70 Fifth Avenue. New York. TRACING SHADOWS By JESSIE FAUSET FEW things, it seems to me, offer so much ground for speculation as the psychology of the proverb, I like to pause and consider the series of striking incidents and co-incidences which have finally moved some man to utter the remark which afterwards becomes the trite aphorism of all the ages. "Coming events cast their shadows before." How often has that thought come to me during this tempestuous year which has elapsed since we entered the train at Calais last June. Opposite us in the little compartment sat a woman, black-haired, restless, curious and polyglot. She was friendly too and within five minutes had told us of her parentage—Spanish and English it was —of her Italian husband who strolled persistently through the corridor unheeding her advice to sit down and keep quiet. It would be so like him, she told us in her Italian-Spanish-French to step off the train and be left behind ; "he is of such a carelessness that Giovanni." And then all in the same breath she added, "you have heard of the terrible news ? No? But ladies it is so awful. The Archduke and Archduchess of Austria have been attacked and killed by a Serbian." She knew her history, that lady, and I learned more of the fateful record of the ill-starred Hapsburgs then, than I had ever heard in my life. Also I gained for the first time a faint concept of the immense importance which the doings of one European state holds for another—a concept destined, indeed, to become most emphatic within the next six weeks. It is not far from Calias to Paris, at least it was not in those days. At six o'clock we had reached our haven. Con trasting the court-yard of the Care des Nord, its taxis and bustling crowds with that quite other panic-stricken scene of seven weeks later, it seems as though I mast have had a bad dream. But then! No one, I am sure, is ever homesick in Paris. We had been wretchedly so in London but Paris—with its lights and people and thronged streets, its motor-busses and its inimitable atmosphere— Paris was for us and we were for Paris! Forgotten were the murdered Archduke and his poor Duchess. Elate with the thought that our Stratford-atte-Bowe French had been understood not only by a polyglot lady of no fixed nationality, but also by a Parisian taxicab driver we were whirled through a network of marvelous streets, past "les Italiens" down the Avenue de l'Opera, through Fourth of September Street to the Hotel de la Neva in little Rue Monsigny. I haggled for a few delicious seconds over the pourboire, (for had not the black-haired lady of Calias warned us against tipping too freely?) the proprietor "R. Deck" led us courteously within, we shot upwards in a tiny elevator (ascenseur) and presently found ourselves in an immaculate room. Our personal siege of Paris had begun. And at dinner Madame Deck, looking at us with her limpid gray eyes, (red with weeping now, I suppose, like so many other French women's) said, "You ladies have doubtless heard that the Archduke and Archduchess of Austria have been killed. Quel dommage! We hope there will be no trouble!" I have neither time nor space to tell at length of what we saw in those intervening days. Nor can I explain the charm of Paris. I do not know in what it consisted. Perhaps it was in the sight of the students dancing in the streets at the fourteenth of July fete, or in the merry, childish throng that flocked to Versailles the Sunday after to see the fireworks. Sometimes the Artist of our little group sat with Our Lady of Leisure in the Luxembourg Gardens and THE CRISIS sketched those happy, happy children of the bourgeoisie. Sometimes all five of us, the Musician, Our Lady of Leisure, the Artist, the other Student and myself went off on long expeditions. Once a charming Scotch girl and the Artist and the Lady and I went to the Bois on a picnic whose piece de resistance was a large bottle of white wine, the gift of the Scotch girl's father. And everywhere was charm and light and the joy of living. I wonder if great joy ever bursts on one with the same unexpectedness as does disaster. It seems to me that it does not. Perhaps that is because most of us strive more or less consciously toward happiness and so each is well aware of the various steps he takes toward what will spell for him the magic condition. Certainly we did not notice the shadows which coming events were casting before. And yet as we look back I can trace them so distinctly that I cannot conceive how I missed their import. On that last Tuesday in July one of the American Art students—we had moved into the "Quarter" to be near the school which I attended—who lived in our house remarked on the excitement prevailing in the streets that day. But were not French people notably excitable? On Wednesday as the other Student and I walked home from school across the "Boule St. Miche" and through the Luxembourg Gardens, he told me that Austria had declared war on Servia. It seemed ridiculous to us then—a big nation like Austria against little Servia. It was too absurd ! As for France getting into the war! Still that evening at dinner I asked the proprietor of the little restaurant on the Boulevard du Montparnasse— Jonathan Podd we used to call him—what he thought of that possibility. His pale face turned paler as he assured me, "But no, mademoiselle, it is absurd!" Poor Jonathan Podd ! By the following Wednesday he had gone. I wonder if he has ever seen since his little "Hotel" and his wife of the beautiful rosy cheeks and soft black hair. On Thursday the Lady and I cashed our last draft preparatory to leaving for Switzerland in a few days. We were offered and stupidly took the whole sum —between two and three hundred dol lars—in paper money of large denomina tion. Gold and silver coin was already beginning to run to shelter. That after noon we went to Versailles again, and either the other Student or the Musician, I've forgotten which, stopped to get the tickets for all five. He came back with a little puzzled frown. "Isn't it funny?" he said. "I offered them a fifty-franc note (ten dollars) and they said they couldn't change it. Who ever heard of a railway station where they couldn't change ten dollars?" That did strike us as queer, but we found the proper coin among us and went on to Versailles just the same. Right in front of the palace gate I discovered that I had lost a twenty-franc gold piece (four dol lars). That, in view of what was to follow, was indeed a shadow. Friday, the thirty-first, was not momentous except that we went to Chantilly and spilt fully half the sandwiches on the ground as we sat in the little grove at the entrance to the "course." That might have been a shadow had not those two gallant chevaliers, the other Student and the Musician, declared that they had not as yet eaten their full peck of dirt and were not averse to completing it now. But Saturday, the first of August! That was the day the church bells rang all over the city—for mobilization they told us gravely. I don't believe I ever knew the verb "to mobilize" until August, 1914. By Sunday morning the event whose shadows had been cast a month before had come. Germany had declared war on France. Those days that followed, those restless throbbing days! For us, of course, they spelt confusion—our Lady andhad practically no money that was not paper, and that might just as well have been the actual rags of which paper is made. I had just lost four dollars in gold—precious gold—at Versailles and the Artist was little better off than we. There were hasty visits to the Consulate TRACING and Embassy with highly unsatisfactory interviews. There were baffling announcements to the effect that if one wanted to leave Paris he must do so in twenty-four hours having first obtained a permit of departure. If one wanted to stay in Paris he must obtain a permit to, remain there. There was a heartbreaking waiting in line at the prefecture only to find out after six weary hours that one had gone to the prefect in the wrong ward. There was die wearying, nerve-racking strain to be undergone all over again the next day. But what were we and our petty troubles compared with a nation's agony? I am grown-up now. I have lived in two or three large cities. I have seen and known many people. I have seen and felt sorrow and grief and pain. But I have never seen anything—never dreamed of anything like the nightmare of sorrow and grief and pain which fell last August, on Paris—on France. I hope that God will be good enough never to let me see its like again. Sorrow and Grief and Pain, I said, mark you. Dismay? Yes. Anger—of course. But fear—never! In all those days of awfulness and anguish of women weeping in the streets, of men walking along with reddened eyes, of sweethearts strolling "once more for the last time" through the Tuileries and the rapidly deserted Luxembourg Garden, of whole families sending their men away in anguished silence—never did I see any sign of fear. But oh! the sense of disaster, of impending fatality. As a young and impressionable child I read once, I remember, of a very wealthy man who had gained his riches by grinding the face of the poor throughout the earth. One night he was awakened from sleep by a fearful sound. It was the concentrated wail of all the people he had wronged the world over. I have never forgotten the awfulness of that idea. Picture to yourself some such concentration of misery and pain and suffering of all the people in France and you know something of the pall which hung over the nation last SHADOWS 249 summer. It was a veritable twilight of the Gods. Two weeks elapsed before we could leave Paris. In that time my brain must, I think, have become a camera. 1 have but to close my eyes to see some scenes.. There was the young woman to whom I talked one afternoon in those pathetic Luxembourg Gardens. Her home had been in Bel fort. Her father and uncle had fought in 1870 and had apparently talked ever since of the great revanche. "Mademoiselle," she said, "I have heard of war all my life,—and now, mon dieu, it is here." It was Sunday afternoon, and we were sitting listlessly about waiting, waiting. Somebody tapped and in came Eugene. Eugene, the valet de chambre, the courteous, the indefatigable, the ever cheerful. When the war broke out Eugene a "brave" of twenty-four, I suppose, had smiled. "But, of course, mademoiselle, I shall be going to the war." He threw out his chest under his blue apron, his eyes shone. But this was a different Eugene, fine in his blue coat and the senseless red trousers of the French private. He had come to tell us good-bye. "I must go to-night," he told us brokenly, "it is necessary. I shall never come back." His eyes were wet—we were frankly in tears. "Oh Eugene, must you go at once," I said, "and what about your fiancee?" He had told me of his girl. "I cannot even see her," he told us. I must go at once." And we, with our hands full of that foolish paper money, could give him only a couple of francs for his tabac,—for we were almost penniless. Poor, brave Eugene! And poorer, braver Victorine! She was the maid of all work (la bonne a tous faire). One had only to see her look at Eugene to know where her heart was. And what mattered it if he did like somebody else? Was the somebody else not in another city, and was not she Victorine in the same house with him and could she not see him every day? But now— "I shall never see him again mademoiselle," she told me the next day, "and he did THE CRISIS not even leave me his picture." And she threw her apron over her poor, quivering face and ran upstairs. Everywhere were soldiers—privates in blue three-quarter length coats, the lower corners in front, buttoned back with a brass button to the side,- their legs in red trousers, a perfect target for some German bullet,—soldiers in light-blue coats, officers, 1 suppose, with medals strung across them. Horsemen brave in scarlet and shining helmets, a tuft of horse-hair streaming over their shoulders; mounted policemen in sober, dark-blue. Through the streets they marched and rode, faces set and grave without a single strain of music. And nothing added to the solemnity of the occasion as much as that. One of those soldiers I like to remember—the one who rode with us from Paris to Amiens. A serious, earnest man he was even for those serious, earnest times, some sort of officer I think. He eyed us in grave silence for a while but presently he began to talk. His was a fine patriotism; no regrets, no ifs, no buts, no foolish boastings. But one knew that he had only one thing to offer to La Patrie— and that was his best always. He took his bayonet out and let us hold and finger it, and explained in great detail the terrible consequences of the wound which it inflicted. And finally, when some chance remark led him to realize that we had left Paris without breakfast, he delved deep into his knapsack and produced some thick milk chocolate which he pressed upon us. I have never tasted anything so delicious. It was a perfect godsend, for although in June it had taken us only two hours to go from Amiens to Paris, it took us in August, six hours to go from Paris to Amiens. We asked him timidly to allow us the privilege of giving him some money for du tabac,—we wanted, as Americans, to show him this slight token of our good will. But he refused us gravely. He had done only what a gentleman should do, he assured us earnestly, and had in our gratitude and sympathy received more than a gentleman's reward. Two other scenes remain with me— one of which, after all, I never saw, but rather heard. Back of where we stopped in little rue Brea, lived a girl andshould judge, her mother. Their voices were so happy. Every day, I think, this must have taken place. The girl, who played the piano very indifferently, used to begin to practice. She would go through her exercises listlessly, then break off and begin a little folk-song which she played indifferently well too, but which she evidently loved. Perhaps her mother meant to scold her but the folk-song was obviously too much for her, and she would leave her occupation and lean, I fancy, over the girl's shoulder and sing the little ditty along with her. Sometimes a young man's voice would join in too, and they would sing it over and over again. I think it happened every day for five weeks. It was a simple but hauntingly, sweet melody. Eugene used to whistle it around the corridors and I meant to ask him its name and how to obtain it, but I forgot. When we returned to America, Our Lady of Leisure and I found out that we still remembered the melody and we have set a phrase of it at the head of the article. But after the war broke out, we never heard either it or, indeed, any other sound issue from the house back of us. Poor mother and poor youth, and poor, sweet jeune fille! And now I come to what, to me, was the most important, because most indicative incident of all. We had gone late that Wednesday afternoon to our little restaurant. It was deserted except for us and to us presently came poor Jonathan Podd's pretty wife. She had been crying, poor thing, and when she saw us, she started afresh. "My husband has gone, ladies," she told us, polite even in her great anguish, "he had to go today." She served us—but how could we eat? And then she sat down in the back of the place and picked up a basket of green peas and began to shell them. At intervals she would choke down a sob and murmur, "oh mon dieu, mon dieu!" —but she kept on shelling peas. Work must go on, life must be lived, she could not falter even though her husband had TRACING SHADOWS gone to an accursed war and the world for her lay in ruins. Well that was France, that is France. Because of her delicate sensibilities, when her tragic hour came, she wept careless that all the world could see and know, but falter, shrink, hesitate,— never! Were peas to be shelled there were her women choking back sobs, and working on with eyes too blinded by tears to see. Were guns to be shouldered. There was always Eugene. And so it seems to me that here is one of the rare occasions where one dares quote the proverb before the hap pening of the event. And just as we have looked backwards from the war and traced out the shadows which pres aged it, just so we may follow up these new indications,—the attitude of Eugene and the wife of Jonathan Podd made manifold many millions of times—to the next event which is surely coming—a new and evermore wonderful France. Dear France! When, finally we left Boulogne, and the cliffs of—oh I hope I err when I say the cliffs of that "perfidious Albion" were rising white before us, I looked back in the direction of France and wished I knew how to voice the feeling which my heart held for her. But the benizon remained unspoken, for I had no words. Since then Gabriele D'Annunzio has done it for me, and what he has said, is I know, the quintessence of the sentiment of all her worshippers : "France, sweet France, Love of the world, France, France, what a world without thee." A LITTLE BUSHEL OF BOOKS THE most significant book concern ing the Negro race published in the last year is CARTER GODWIN WOODSON'S "The Education of the Negro Prior to 1861." It is a serious work done in scholarly spirit with restraint, thought and care. It has gained notice and praise from the best organs of opinion throughout the United States. It is a work that has called for time and research and is the sort of thing, and the only sort of thing, that is going to compel in the long run recognition for Negro scholarship and Negro thought. The four hundred and fifty pages are divided into thirteen chapters and to these are added an appendix of documents, a careful bibliography and an index. The introductory chapter is a survey and summary of the field of research, calling attention to the two periods into which the education of the anti-bellum Negroes falls with 1835 as the dividing point. The next twelve chapters take up the story of Negro training on a plan partly topical and partly chronological, but with a skillful avoidance of too much repetition and too much insistance on mere annals. The reader will note with interest the early attempt to teach religion and intelligence and the systematic beginnings near the close of the eighteenth century; the reaction following the rise of the cotton kingdom and the Negro insurrections and the final attempt to teach the Negro "Religion without letters." Persons who have lived through the modern educational controversy will without difficulty notice a curious_coincidence. Dr. Woodson's book ends abruptly and may on this account be criticized from a literary point of view. Nevertheless this very point of criticism may be held in favor of the author. It is an excellent habit to stop when you are through. Dr. Woodson is a young man of forty. He received his Doctorate at Harvard in 1912 and we trust that this volume is but the beginning of a worthy career in the writing of Negro history. 252 THE WILLIAM H. HOLTZCLAW'S "The Black Man's Burden" is a most interesting book. Its evident frankness and honesty are of the most compelling character and the reader will scarcely put it down without finishing at least the first fourteen chapters. Mr. Holtzclaw tells frankly a gripping story of poverty and effort beginning with "the windowless house in which I first saw the light,—the light that scantily streamed through the cracks in the wall. It was a little cabin fourteen feet by six teen feet made of split pine with only dirt for a floor." He tells how the fam ily was crushed by the landlord with charges of twenty-five to two hundred per cent on the food and clothes "ad vanced ;" how his mother spent all her time cooking for the "white folks" and how in the morning she left a large pan on the dirt floor in the middle of the cabin with the children's breakfast. "Sometimes, however, our pet pig would come in and find it first and would be already helping himself before we could reach it." Mr. Holtzclaw was trained at Tuskegee and he has a frank and beautiful worship for Mr. Washington. After graduating he and his wife founded a school in darkest Mississippi and_ there after many years they have built up Utica institute. It is a story of unselfish effort and good result which one hesitates to criticize at all. There comes, however, the shadow of a wish that the author had refrained from quoting some commendations of his work but after all there is a certain honesty, in that. One other thing, however, is more important. Mr. Holtzclaw continually speaks of the almost frantic fear of the poor, ignorant rural Negroes for the "white man" and he almost intimates that he does _ not know just why this fear exists. This is not fair to his readers even if it does protect his institute. Mr. Holtzclaw knows perfectly well why Mississippi Negroes are afraid of Mississippi white men. THOMAS PEARCE BAILEY is a man for whom his fellows should have deep sympathy. He is a southern CRISIS white man who wants to be just but his education and early training have made the race problem a bug-a-boo of such overwhelming size in his mind that it involves him in contradictions and soul-striving which are both tragic and amazing. His "Race Orthodoxy in the South" is a calamity rather than a book. "I publish the book with misgiving but from a sense of duty," he writes to the editor. These random essays show Mr. Bailey torn between two irreconcilable opinions; one that the Negro and white race cannot live together; and the other that if they are to live together we must "study the problem!" Negro uplift, therefore, is a "fool's paradise" to him. The cure for the race problem is "salve or surgery." After this impasse comes, with an exclamation point, "Study the Negro!" after which the author again plunges into Hell with "Fuse, fight or fail 1" Could one imagine more pitable spiritual confusion? m The American Negro Academy continues to publish at intervals its excellent little brochures on phases of the history and problems of the American Negro. The annual address of the president, the HON. ARCHIBALD H. GRIMKE, has been published under the title "The Ultimate Criminal." The thesis of this excellent statement is summed up in this paragraph: "The South has little love or use for an intelligent labor class, but desires above all things an ignorant one, and does what in it lies to hinder educational progress among its colored population. But ignorance is a breeder of crime just as poverty is. They are the parents of much of the crime committed by the Negroes just as they are the parents of much of the crime committed by the whites. Our criminal classes do many things which the law forbids to be done not because they are of one race or color or of another race or color, but mainly because they are poor and ignorant. Who, then, in these circumstances, are the ultimate criminals, those who are unwillingly poor and ignorant, or those who make and keep them so by bad and unequal laws, by bad and unequal treatment?" THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 253 How much will you be worth twenty years from to-day? HO W MUC H WILL YOU LEAVE YOUR FAMILY IF YOU DIE TOMORROW? You can answer both of these questions with a feeling of certainty IF YOU HAVE A STANDARD LIFE TWENTY YEAR ENDOWMENT POLICY. You will leave your family, in event of your immediate death, at least the face of the policy. You will be worth if you live TWENTY YEARS at least the face of the policy. It is at once a SAVINGS FUND Account and the Best of Life Protection. If you die in a year, it gives your family about Twenty-five Dollars for One paid. If you live twenty years, it pays into your hands $500 or $1,000, or whatever sum YOU have insured for. It is the safest and most profitable way for you to employ for the saving of small sums. If, at any time after the policy has been in force for three years, the holder should find it impossible to meet the premiums, or should he experience the need of a temporary loan, his policy is a ready collateral for this purpose, at any time to the extent of the loan value stated in the policy. This avoids the necessity of securing a loan from other sources, usually requiring the payment of a high rate of interest. In addition to this desirable feature, the policy allows Cash, Paid-Up and Extended Insurance Values. These options meet all emergencies which may arise in connection with the insurance. For Example: At age thirty-five, you take out a Twenty Year Endowment Policy for $1,000, and at the end of ten years find yourself unable to meet the payment of your policy. The value of your policy at that time will enable you to borrow Four Hundred and Two Dollars from the Company, from which amount you can pay your premiums and keep your policy in force. Or, should you prefer, you can take the Four Hundred and Two Dollars in cash and surrender your policy to the Company. Or, in case you should desire protection on which you should never have to pay another cent, you may take out a policy for Five Hundred and Thirty-two Dollars payable in cash to you in event you live out the Endowment period or to your family or estate in event of your death before that time. Or you may receive protection for the full face of the contract for the remainder of the Endowment period, and if living at the end of that time draw out for your own use $454 in cash. The Policy has the additional feature of One Month's Grace in which to pay premiums. Incontestable after the first year, you also have the privilege without notice to the Company, on any anniversary, of paying premiums either by Annual, Semi-Annual or Quarterly installments. Protect yourself in your old age, and your family or estate in case of death, with a Standard Twenty Year Endowment Policy. For one of these Standard Twenty Year Policies, Endowment y Please apply to the Company or any of its agents. send me v * J .• particulars STANDARD LIFE INSURANCE CO.aboutinsurance Amount 200 Auburn Avenue, ATLANTA, GEORGIA/ $ «" Sex Capital Fully Paid  $100,000.00OVER ONE MILLION AND A HALF INSURANCE IN FORCE .•"' Ag e WEIGH T ISSUES POLICIES FROM $250.00 TO $5,000.00 / OCCUPATION .*' NAME HEMA NHARR Y E . PERRY , H . PACE , PRESIDENT SECRETARY / ' (C. Sept., 1915) Address Mention THE CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER jt JI * * * CHICAGO BUSINESS * * &gt; * * Telephones Douglas 8078 AUTOMATIC 72-384 Dr. George W . Prince PHYSICIAN AND SURGEON 3502 S. State Street, Chicago Office hours: 9 to 12 M., 2 to 5:30 and 7 to 8:30 P. M. Sundays, 1 to 3 P. M. Telephone Douglas 6134 Telephone orders given prompt attention. GEO. M. PORTER, PH. G. Reliable Druggist Modern Service 351 0 SOUTH STATE STREET, CHICAGO Money Orders, Parcel Post, Registered Letters, U. S. Postal Station. Telephone Douglas 3288 Provident Hospital Clinic, Tuesdays and Fridays, 2 to 4 P. M. DR. A. C. JOHNSON Surgeon Dentist OFFICE HOURS 9 A. M. to 1 P. M., 2 P. M. to 8 P. M. Daily; 10:30 A. M. to 1. P. M. Sundays. 3518 STATE ST., CHICAGO, ILL. WM. T. BOWDEN, MGR. GEORGE M. PORTER, PH. G. PORTER'S PHARMACY 19 W. 31ST ST., NEAR DEARBORN STREET, CHICAGO TELL.: DOUGLAS 6134, AUTO 76-929. When in Chicago! STOP AT THE GRAYSTONE MRS. EVELYN S. RANDOLPH, PROP. TELEPHONES: AUTOMATIC 71-81 6 Doudlas 5937 325 4 WABASH AVE. CHICAGO, ILL. Telephone Automatic 72-641 Douglas 613-4 C. S. TWITTY THE SHOE MAN Shoes for men, women and children. Repairing neatly done. Work called for and delivered. 38 West 31st Street Chicago, Ill. When your watch needs repairing and your jewelry needs mending, send to J. A. GRIFFIN WATCHMAKER—JEWELEE—ENGRAVER 3532 South State Street, Chicago All work guaranteed Telephone Auto. 74097 CHICAGO FLORIST MRS. JOHNSON-CHAMBLISS, Proprietor. Johnson's Practical Floral School. Cut flowers, plants, palms, designs. A specialty made of June weddings. 3458 South State Street, corner 35th. Telephones Douglas 355, Auto. 72-086 Telephones, Automatic 72533 Douglas 9220 Mme. E. M. SCOTT PROVIDENT SANITARY BEAUTY PARLORS 3611 SOUTH STATE STREET CHICAGO THE WONDERFUL HAIR DRESSER AND SCALP SPECIALIST MISS E. ARNOLD BRANCH OF MRS. S. BEDFORD'S SI. LOUIS, MO. TELEPHONE DOUGLAS 9550 3457 State Street Chicago, Ill. U.	 D. DAVIDSON CO. SCALP SPECIALISTS Special attention to all visitors. Agents wanted. 3149 South State Street CHICAGO, ILL. Telephone AUTO. 74-380 Telephones Automatic 71-765 DOUGLAS 1739 MRS. A. DAVIS HAIRDRESSING, SHAMPOOING, FACIAL MASSAGE AND CHIROPODY SCALP TREATMENT A SPECIALTY—ALL KINDS OF HAIRGOODS MADE TO ORDER 373 4 S. STATE STREET, CHICAGO NEGRO CULTURE IN WES T AFRICA BY GEORGE W. ELLIS, K. C, F. R. G. C. Formerly Secretary of United States Legation to Liberia, West Africa. A scholarly ARRAY OF FACTS about the Negro that should BE in every LIBRARY. Send directly to author, 3000 S. State St. Chicago, Ill. Telephones Douglas 4014 AUTOMATIC 71-663 LYLES &amp; SON TRANSFER, EXPRESSING AND STORAGE PACKING AND SHIPPING Baggage trips daily 9 A. M,, and 4 P. M. AUTO service in connection. 3243 South State Street CHICAGO COLORADO LUNCH AND CHILI PARLOR The home of good Chili and Hot Tamales. THE BEST in the city, made by one who knows how. At your service MRS. T1LL1E CARR1NCT0N, 3203 SOUTH State STREET, CHICAGO, ILL. THE MECCA CONFECTIONERY COLEMAN &amp; GLANTON, PROPRIETORS We carry a full line of Cigars, Tobacco, Candies, Stationery, Notions and Periodicals Laundry Agency. Located IN the largest APARTMENT building in the world for colored people 3342 South State Street, Chicago, Ill. Call to see US Telephone AUTO, 73-887 MORRIS SLOTT Fine Tailoring Personal service is the keynote of my establishment. EVERY customer who enters, every garment which leaves, receives my personal attention. Prices are right. When you are "over east," drop in and lets get acquainted. We are always glad to show our goods. MORRIS SLOTT, 350 EAST 35TH STREET, OPPOSITE GRAND BOULEVARD, CHICAGO, ILL. Mention THE CRISIS TH E CRISIS CHICAGO BUSINESS—Con. OF INTEREST TO VOCAL STUDENTS TONE-PLACING AND VOICE - DEVELOPMENT Points explained, viz.: Breath in Singing, Trying the Voice, the Soprano, the Mezzo-Soprano, the Contralto, Tenor Leggiero or High Tenor, the Baritone, the Baas, Parts of the Vocal Apparatus, the Mouth, the Tongue, Position when Practising, Position when Singing, How to Practice, Good Rules for Singing. Comment from the conductor of the Paulist Choristers, the celebrated choral society which received the first prize awarded at the International Singing Contest held in Paris on May 25, 1912: •*Dear Mr. Tinsley: I take great pleasure in commending your very useful and succinctly written book on 'Tone-Placing and Voice-Development." Your own appreciation of the psychology of singing and the fundamental principles of the art you have cleverly reduced to a simple system. Cordially yours, "Father WILLIAM J. FINN, C. S. P., Director Paulist Choristers of Chicago." From "Musical Courier," N. Y.: "A very practical little book is 'Tone-Placing and Voice-Development,' by Pedro T. Tinsley. It contains some very excellent material and vocal exercises, and should be in the hands of all vocal students." From "Music News," Chicago, Ill: "Accordingly his 'Practical Method of Singing' is a most concise and practical little manual, containing many valuable vocal exercises. It cannot fail to be helpful to all ambitious vocal students." HELPED HIM GREATLY "Since I practised your exercises of 'Tone-Placing and Voice-Development' my voice is more resonant than it has been for years. It seems to me that I am getting a new voice." Prof. John T. Layton, Director Coleridge-Taylor Musical Society, 1722 10th St., N. W „ Washington, D. C. PRICE $1.00 Address the publisher: Pedro T. Tinsley, 6448 Drexel Ave,, Chicago, Ill., or Clayton F. Summy, 64 E. Van Buren St, or Lyon &amp; Healy, Adams and Wabash Ave., Chicago. Ill. ERNEST H. WILLIAMSON UNDERTAKER Fine Funeral Goods Private Chapel Automobiles for All Occasions Notary Public Calls Promptly Answered Day or Night Telephones: Kenwood 455—Auto 73-867 5028-5030 South State St., Chicago I am as near to you as your telephone. Consult me and 1 can save you worry, time and money. Distance immaterial. I give service at reasonable prices. MARGARET H. ANDERSON TEACHER AND DECORATOR or Hand Painted China TABLE WARE A SPECIALTY STUDIO: 3522 STATE STREET, CHICAGO, ILL. Telephone Douglas 8805 ADVERTISER 255 H. GEO.DAVENP0RT. LETTER HEADS NEWSPAPER WORK Catalogue covers Book illustrations STUDIO NEW ORLEANS, LA CARTOONS, ETC. Business cards $100.00 PRIZE Given to the agent selling the largest number of A. B. C. books over 1,500. This book is different from anything before the public. It is illustrated thruout with pictures of Negro children. No family will refuse a copy. Retail price 15c. Liberal commission to agents. Eighteen other cash prizes ranging from $50.00 down to $5.00 will be given. These prizes do not come under the 1,500 sales as required for the $100.00 prize. Contest closes December 31, 1915. In case of a tie, all contestants thus tied will receive the same stated prize. Address 0. A. PIERCE &amp; CO.. 224 W. Frambes Ave, Columbus, O. HOTEL LINCOLN (American or European Plan) Opens May 15thundernewmanagement COMBINES THE RESTFUL QUIET OF THE COUNTRY AND SEA -SHORE WITH THE GAYETIES OF A GREAT CITY. ONLY A FEW MINUTES' RIDE BY TRAIN SEPARATES NE W YORK CITY FROM THIS DELIGHTFUL SPOT. HOTE L LINCOLN IS WITHIN THREE MINUTES* WALK OF THE BEACH WHERE THERE ARE BATHING, BOATING AND FISHING. 2 6 MAGNIFICENTLY APPOINTED ROOMS, SINGLE OR EN SUITE. EVERY CONVENIENCE TO SUIT THE MOST EXACTING.' EXCELLENT CUISINE —MODERATE RATES—BEST OF SERVICE For information write C. A. BRECKENRIDGE, Prop. Telephone 1417 Hammels Arverne, Long Island Who can tell me a good town where a First Class grocery or drug store would be appreciated? Address J. L. T. Care of THE CRISIS Do you need money for your Church, School, Lodge or Club? We make genuine Photographic Post Cards of any subject you have, and send selling plan. Agents wanted to sell our Post Cards, the everyday kind. 50c an hour easily made. Send 15c to-day for 12 post cards, all Negro subjects, our agents' offer and information about Views of your church, etc. AFRO-AM ERIC AN NOVELTY CO . 119 West Fifth Street Topeka, Kansas Mention THE CRISIS 2S6 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Atlanta University Studies of the Negro Problems 1 8 MONOGRAPHS SOLD SEPARATELY Address ATLANTA UNIVERSITY CONFERENCE ATLANTA UNIVERSITY « ATLANTA, GA. The Curse of Race Prejudice BY JAMES F. MORTON, JR., A. M. An aggressive exposure by an Anglo-Saxon champion of equal rights. Startling facts and crushing arguments. Fascinating reading. A necessity for clear understanding and up-to-date propaganda. Belongs in the library of every friend of social justice. Price 25 cents. Send order to JAMES F. MORTON, JR. 211 WEST 138TH STREET -:- NEW YORK, N. Y. Make Extra Money Each Week Light, pleasant and very profitable work. Take orders for our high grade calling cards at 50 for 25 cents with name and address. Big demand everywhere. Large commissions. Exclusive territory. Write now for samples and terms. THE HOUSE OF CHOWNING. Indianapolis, Ind. "GLEANINGS FROM DIXIE-LAND" Ten poems by EFFIE T. BATTLE. AM . "MRS. Battle HAS AN individual gift of melody." —Springfield Republican, "You owe it to your race to publish your poems in book form."—Editor, Southwestern Christian AD vocate, "Verses are smooth, graceful, high-minded AND clear, reverent to all truth, appreciative of all beauty AND true inspiration,"—George W. Cable, PRICE 25 CENTS. ADDRESS: OKOLONA INDUSTRIAL SCHOOL, Okolona, Miss. $25.00 PER WEEK may be made in commissions by parties handling "History of Negro Soldiers in Spanish-American War" combined with "History of the Negro Race." 400 pages, 50 illustrations. Price $1.25 net. Address: E. A JOHNSON 154 Nassau Street NEW YORK YOUNG'S BOOK EXCHANGE (GEORGE YOUNG) Novel Souvenir Post Cards Colored Authors and Books on Race Problems a Specialty. 135 W. 135TH STREET NEW YORK CITY Wealth is Power The Union Development Company's stock is a wealth producer. $40,000.00 of stock for sale at $10.00 per share. Stock is now paying 7%. Every dollar invested in first class improved business property, located in the heart of the city; no risk, no failure. Company duly chartered under the laws of Georgia; is composed of some of the most successful and influential business men and women of the city and has great earning possibilities. Send at once for free circular giving full information. Union Development Co. 45 8 WEST BROAD STREET SAVANNAH, GA . near Washington, D. LINCOLN, MD„ C , on "the finest and best constructed electric railroad in the world." Special: A large lot, 50 by 150, a house to be built on it according to plans specified in the contract, 3 pear trees, 3 apple trees, 3 peach trees, 15 chickens, 1 pig, firewood for two years, free grazing for cow or horse, all for a total of $750; payable $5 down and $5 per month, without interest. Sample house now occupied by C. B. Fulton. THE LINCOLN LAND AND IMPROVEMENT COMPANY 1403 NEW YORK AVE. WASHINGTON. D. C. PHARMACIST— UNDERTAKER Correspondence invited from either who would be interested in establishing either business. Address J. L. T. Care of THE CRISIS LET Us SHOW YOU HOW TO GET Your Next Suit FREE Made to Your Measure! Do you want this swell suit? Want it for nothing? Without a penny's cost? $30 to$40 would not buy a better one. Simply wear it, tell your friends where you got it—and Make$10 to $15 a Day taking their orders. It is dead easy. You never saw a, nobbier suit or a more stunning pattern, cut in strictly Tango Style (3 months ahead of the times). Your choice of 60 patterns and a dozen styles to choose from. Drop us a postal card for heavy pattern book, inside information about styles, self-measuring blanks, etc.-etc. DON'T WAIT. Every thing FREE. Suit Delivered FREE Get ahead of other fellows — Write this minute. Postal will do it. Hand Tailored— Claasy Linings — Millionaire AMERICAN WOOLEN MISLS CO. Trimmings — Swell Cut -Guaranteed Fit. Dept. 951 CHICAGO Mention T he CRISIS TH E CRISIS Learn Beauty Culture By Mail SPECIAL CORRESPONDENCE COURSE AND TEN DOLLARS WORTH OF MY PREPARATIONS FIFTEEN DOLLARS Write for particulars Madam Barreau Bristol Building New Bedford, Mass. FREE To Every Woman •B K who writes, one copy of "Ladies 1 I 1 i 4 Cyclopedia of Health and • • • mmm mmm Beauty." This book contains in formation indispensable to every woman; on every subject women are most interested in. Tells how to cultivate health and beauty; what to use and how to use it. Louis M ccreary 1312 Farnam Street Omaha, Neb. Start a Mail Order Business and Make Money You can operate in your own home during; spare time. The parcel post has opened up the doors of opportunity to YOU. Others are making $20 to $500 a week. Why can't you? By our method you can start with $5 and up. We offer you thirty live, money-making mail order plans. You can make 95 cents profit of every dollar order. We furnish circulars, printed matter and place your advertising at lowest rates. Send 10 cents for complete outfit. Do it today—Now ! MAIL DEALERS WHOLESALE HOUSE 517 Dearborn Street Chicago, Ill. AGENTS $60 WEEKLY Robinson Folding Bath Tub. Big seller. Costs little, NO plumbing, little water. Weight 15 pounds, folds into small roll. Full length baths, far better than tin tubs. Guaranteed 10 years. $10 a day easily made. Write for free tub offer. Robinson Cabinet Mfg. Co., 334 Factories Bldg.,Tolodo,O. ADVERTISER REGALIA A Race Enterprise Manufacturing Badges, Banners and Supplies for all Fraternal and Church Societies. Catalog upon request. CENTRAL REGALIA CO. JOB. L. Jones, Pres. N • E. Corner 8th and Plum Streets. Cincinnati, Ohio Wear Next Will You Introduce These Styles For Us. If You Get Season's Style NOW Your Suit FREE Here we go again, break ing all records, for new. nobby, ahead-of-the-time styles, Be thefirstin your town to wear asuit that is ahead of the time. Earn it while you wear it; we send the SUit complete you can make big money too, there IS $50 to $100 a Week in it for you. Drop us a postal for your advance book, select the styles you want and the cloth; let us prove how you can get E Your Suit FREE Don't wait. Don't delay. Write right away. A postal will do. We send everything the day your re* quest is received. We pay express on everything. Get busy. Simply send us a, postal with your name and address on it. PARAGON TAILORING CO. Dept 951 CHICAGO TEACHERS new efficiency era calls 1 ILAA.IIILIV3 f the modern way of or selecting teachers, through a live agency that furnishes the connecting medium in a business way, saves time of school officials, relieves teachers of the embarrassment of job hunting and covers the whole country. We have had calls for teachers from Alabama, Arkansas, Delaware, District of Columbia, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky, Maryland, Mississippi, Missouri, North Carolina, Oklahoma, Rhode Island, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia and West Virginia, Our list of teachers covers even a wider territory. THE MUTUAL TEACHERS' AGENCY 1403 New York Avenue Washington, D. C. THE NATIONAL TEACHERS' AGENCY Through us school authorities, without expense or delay, get into communication with the strongest and most carefully investigated teachers in all lines. Teachers who seek positions or advancement should register with us and avail themselves of our expert service. Prompt and courteous attention to corres pondence. B. F. BOWLES, Manager. 2739 Converse Avenue East St. Louis, Ill SOUTHERN COLORED TEACHERS' AGENCY Formerly TEXAS COLORED TEACHERS' AGENCY 1025 Boll Street, DALLAS, TEXAS Recommends teachers to Colleges, Universities, School Boards and School Authorities. Write for information. R. O. GOTHARD , Manager Mention The Crisis 258 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER LEGAL DIRECTORY .,„v„„... /Central 104-W T Telephone.: { Main 61 HARRY E. DAVIS ATTORNEY-AT-LAW NOTARY PUBLIC 1607 Williamson Building Cleveland, Ohio Office L. D. Telephone 3297 Market Residence L. D. Telephone 5277-M Market GEORGE A. DOUGLAS COUNSELLOR-AT-LAW Rooms 613-614, Metropolitan Building 113 Market St., COT. Washington, Newark, N. J. General Practice Notary Public WILLIAM R. MORRIS ATTORNEY AND COUNSELLOR-AT-LAW 1020 Metropolitan Life Building Minneapolis Minn. BROWN S. SMITH ATTORNEY-AT-LAW Offices: Suite 802 Sykes Block Near Third and Hennepin Minneapolis Minn, GEORGE W. MITCHELL ATTORNEY-AT-LAW 908 Walnut Street Philadelphia Pa. TeL 5437 Fort Hill Cable Address, Epben EDGAR P. BENJAMIN ATTORNEY AND COUNSELLOR-AT-LAW 34 School Street Boston, Mass. Telephone Connection W. Ashbie Hawkins George W. F. McMechen HAWKINS &amp; McMECHEN ATTORNEYS-AT-LAW 21 East Saratoga Street Baltimore, Md. PERSONAL CARDS Telephone 5277 Morningside DR. GERTRUDE E. CURTIS SURGEON DENTIST 188 W. 135th Street New York City J. E. ORMES ACCOUNTANT Audits Systems BUSINESS information by mail. Open for engagements July and August Box 25. Wilberforce University Wilberforce. O. AGENTS WANTED FOR W. T. McKissick &amp; Co's FAMOUS 90 DAYS TREATMENTS NO. 1, NO. 2 and NO. 3 For Scalp, Hair and Skin P. O . Box 102, WILMINGTON, DEL. GOOD WORDS FOR THE CRISIS I find pleasure in the renewal of my CRISIS, the subscription of which expired yesterday. You are doing a very necessary work and doing it well and in a manly spirit, and on the principle of equal justice that must eventually triumph for all within the metes and bounds of this republic. Success and more faith in your zeal for our common cause is my earnest desire. Faithfully yours, J. H. KELLY, Los Angeles, Cal. Enclosed find check to cover one year's subscription. I can't afford to do without THE CRISIS. Put me down as a permanent subscriber. Not only shall I remain a subscriber but I shall speak a good word on every occasion possible and likewise try to induce others to subscribe. Long live THE CRISIS and those associated therewith. Very sincerely yours, W. H. SMITH, Austin, Tex. FREE A sample of John's Indian Hair Dressing will be mailed to you free upon receipt of a postal card from you, or your druggist can get you the original 25c. jar. Write for sample now; costs nothing. ADDRESS ASHLAND PHARMACAL CO. Mail Order Dept. EAST ORANGE,N.J. J, Free Tailor Book * Make $35 to $65 a week showing our great Tailor book. Goods so much finer and prices so much lower, everyone sees the difference at a glance. Specia l Offer :toproveourfinequality and unequalled low prices — we will let you order at Wholesale price, a Suit or even a pair of Pants as low as $2.25 Postp'd, Write at once for samples, fashions and great offer, THE CHICAGO TAILORS' ASSOCIATION Dept.66 , Van Buren and Market Sts.. CHICAGO Pianos - Player pianos Factory to Home BY my plan of selling direct from factory to home, I can save you from $110 to $200 on my celebrated Evans Artist Model Pianos. Two to Four Years to Pay The easiest kind of terms, weekly, monthly, quarterly or yearly payments to suit your convenience. All middlemen, jobbers, dealers and agents profits cut out. No charge for salesroom expense for my office is in my factory. These are some or the reasons why I can sell the Evans Artist Model Pianos for such little money. Let me send you the other reasons Write today. 3 0 Days Free Trial W e allow all freight charges, let you use the beautiful Evans Artist Model Piano for thirty days free. If you are not entirely satisfied, we will take It back without any cost to you—you are the sole Judge to decide. If you want to keep it, you may ' do so on our low factory wholesale price on most convenient terms. /fficfr Free Music Lessons to every customer we will give a two years course of piano instruction free. Ask about our insurance plan and out method of saving you money. Write today. F. O. Evans Piano Co. Chicago Mail this coupon today. F.O. Evans Piano Co., Dept. 81 Chicago, Illinois Please send me your wholesale price list and catalogue of the Evans Artist Model Pianos. Name Address Town Mention THE CRISIS State A VALUABLE BOOK The Education of the Negro Prior to 1861 The History of the Education of the Colored People of the United States from the Beginning of Slavery to the Civil War By CARTER GODWIN WOODSON, Ph. D. (HARVARD) 460 pp. $2.00; by mail $2.15 "This book is neither a controversial treatise on Negro education nor a study of recent problems. Dr. Woodson has given us something new. He has by scientific treatment amassed numerous facts to show the persistent strivings of ante-bellum Negroes anxious to be enlightened. What they accomplished is all but marvelous." The author aims to put the student of history in touch with the great movements which effected the uplift of the Negroes, and to determine the causes which finally reduced many of them to heathenism. The titles of the chapters are: "Introduction," "Religion with Letters," "Education as a Right of Man," "Actual Education," "Better Beginnings," "Educating the Urban Negro," "The Reaction," "Religion without Letters," "Learning in Spite of Opposition," "Educating Negroes Transplanted to Free Soil," "Higher Education," "Vocational Training," "Education at Public Expense." In the appendix are found a number of valuable documents. The volume contains also a critical bibliography and a helpful index. OPINIONS "I like it very much. You seem to have loosened up on your style a bit and you have done an excellent piece of research. .. . I hope that your book will have a good sale."—Edward Chan ning, McLean Professor of Ancient and Modern History, Harvard University. "It seems clear to me that you have made a substantial contribution to the subject and I know I shall profit by it."—Frederick J. Turner, Professor of History, Harvard University. "I thought at first it would be out of my line, but on turning its pages, I discovered that it may well hold the attention of everybody with an intelligent interest in the colored people. You write easily and flexibly and have certainly compiled important material in the true spirit of scholarship. I congratulate you sincerely."—Ferdinand Schevill, Professor of History in the University of Chicago. "It seems to me that you have taken a field of which little has been known and developed in it a most interesting and valuable book. I am glad to have it in my library and rejoice that I have had the privilege of some personal acquaintance with the author."—Francis W. Shepardson,Professor of History in the University of Chicago. "I am delighted with the thoroughly scholarly way in which it has been put together and I know enough about the subject to appreciate what it has cost you in time and effort to perform this work."-—Dr. Robert E. Park. "It is the story of the effort on the part of certain agencies to educate the Negro. It is above all the story of the strivings of the Negro himself under tremendous difficulties and opposition, to learn things, to know more, to be more. . . . Apart from the fund of information on the subject which Dr. Woodson has here offered, the supreme point of this study is the unconquerable will of the Negro. . . . The book, as a whole, is an illumination of the recent development of education among the colored people."—The Washington Star. THIS BOOK MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE AUTHOR 2223 Twelfth Street, Northwest Washington, D. C. Mention TH E CRISIS A New Book by Dr. Du Bois THE NEGRO By W. E. BURGHARDT DU BOIS, author of "Souls of Black Folk," "Quest of the Silver Fleece," "Select Bibliography of the Negro American," etc. This is the authentic romance of the black man. It is a history of him at once scholarly, earnest and eloquent. He is considered from the earliest times, and the thread of his fascinating story is followed in Africa, America, and wherever else it has appeared. To look at the Negro against the background of his history is to see him in a light fairer than that in which most Americans have seen him. 256 Pages—3 Maps—Cloth Bound At the low price of 5 0 cento net—By mail 5 6 cents Dr. Du Bois's new book is the latest addition to a remarkable series of low-priced new books with which everybody should become acquainted. These books may be obtained from The CRISIS, 70 Fifth Avenue, New York THE HOME UNIVERSITY LIBRARY Is made up of new books by leading authorities. « The editors are Professors GILBERT MURRAY, H. A. L. FISHER, W. T. BREWSTER and J. ARTHUR THOMSON. Cloth bound, good paper, clear type, 25 6 pages per rf"V _ • volume. Each complete and sold separately --50c net "A growing wonder of enterprise and sound judgment. Each volume, entirely new, is furnished by an acknowledged expert; is brief enough and plain enough to be readable or even fascinating, scientific enough to be a condensed authority —and at the nominal price of 50 cents."—Hartford Courant. SOME SELECTED EARLIER VOLUMES: EVOLUTION By J. A. Thomson LATIN AMERICA By W. R. Shepherd THE FRENCH REVOLUTION VICTORIAN LITERATURE By Hilaire Belloc By G. K. Chesterton ROME By W. Warde Fowler GERMANY OF TODAY PROBLEMS OF PHILOSOPHY By Charles Tower By Bertrand Russell EURIPIDES AND HIS AGE NAPOLEON By H. A. L. Fisher By Gilbert Murray THE CIVIL WAR By F. L. Paxson UNEMPLOYMENT By A. C. Pigou 94 volumes now ready. Send for a list 3 4 W. 33d Street New York HENRY HOLT AND COMPANY Mention THE CRISIS