The New Freewoman , made THE Freewoman A WEEKLY FEMINIST REVIEW No. 7. Vol. I. THURSDAY, JANUARY 4, 1912 Threepence Registered at G.P.O. as a Newspaper. Joint Editors: DORA MARSDEN, B.A. MARY GAWTHORPE CONTENTS 1. The New Morality—III. ... 121 2. Notes of the Week ......123 3. The Philosophy of the Woman's Question. By H. Cecil Palmer .........124 4. The Persian Woman. By R. H. MORELAND ......125 5. The Case for Divorce Law Reform. By E. S. P. Haynes 126 6. "Uranians." By Harry J. BIRNSTINGL.........127 7. The Psychology of Personalities 129 8. Correspondence... ... ... 130 9. Freewomen and the Birth-Rate. —III. By C. V. Drysdale 132 10. Feminism Under the Republic and the Early Empire.—V. By Amy Haughton......135 11. Biscuits! By K. D. Scott ... 137 12. A Vindication. By Muriel Nelson d'Auvergne ... 139 THE NEW MORALITY—III. IN proposing a new sex-morality we have to remember that we are not uprooting the old morality. There is no necessity. Of its own decay the old morality has fallen in a heap of ruins. It is for us of this age a question of removing the débris. Before considering the new structure, let us examine what the old sex-morality was. It can be expressed in two brief phrases, i.e., "Monogamy is right; all else is wrong," or, rather, "IndissolubleMonogamy is right; all else is wrong." Its long continuity in its simple rigid form is accounted for by the looseness of its application since its inauguration. Throughout its history it has never had behind it that willing adhesion which is the only force on which a moral can safely count. Throughout its history men have connived at, and condoned its practical subversion, a course which has involved men in an intellectual in addition to a conventional sex-immorality. While men have kept within the legal restrictions of monogamy, they have availed themselves of the legal sanctions of polygyny, though, to avoid scandalising the dummy-morality always believed in by women, they have done so stealthily. The libertine has practised polygyny, but he has done so surreptitiously. Women, on the other hand, as we have implied, have accorded monogamy the full weight of individual belief, though their belief had to be based upon conditions so incompatible, that these have finally broken down, and have involved the moral superstructure in their downfall. Monogamy was always, therefore, based upon the intellectual apathy and unsensitiveness of married women, who fulfilled their own moral ideal at the expense of the Spinster and the Prostitute. The married women, under monogamy, formed the close monopoly, which they maintained tenaciously because it suited their situation that it should be maintained. Hence they believed in monogamy, and practised it. It was based also upon the firm belief of the vast army of women, who heroically stood by it even when it reacted against them—the spinsters. But in addition to the heroic satisfaction which the spinsters got from acting morally, they had the hope that possibly its benefits would one day fall to them in a possible married state. It was based, too, upon the belief of the "immoral women," who were willing to submit to the sullying of the spirit which necessarily follows upon the infringing of an accepted moral— the prostitutes. Thus, monogamy has maintained itself by means of the support of men's hypocrisy, the spinsters' dumb resignation, the prostitutes' unsightly degradation, and the married women's monopoly and satisfaction. These have been the four corner-stones upon which the edifice of monogamy has rested. And now, one keeping pace with the rest, the corner-stones have crumbled away. Men have failed to keep up their hypocrisy; the Spinster has become satirical; the Prostitute, though unable to avenge herself, has had a mighty ally in Nature, who has taken her case in hand, and has avenged it upon the one who received the benefits of the system—the Monopolist-Married-Woman. Through Nature the married women's burden and her children's, slowly piled up through the centuries by vice and its diseases, removed the last support of the "Indissoluble-MonogamyMorality." The old morality, then, lying in the dust, what do we propose to erect? Polygamy? That depends upon the definition of polygamy. To make clear what we mean, and owing to the lax and overlapping definitions made current by customary usage, we are compelled to specify our particularly accepted definitions of the terms of which we make use. In order also further to make clear the issue, we here postpone to further discussion the correlated but not integral considerations of responsibility for offspring, cohabitation, and financial 122 THE FREEWOMAN January 4, 1912 responsibilities, and limit consideration here to the subject of passion and sex relationships. Returning to the definitions, by qualifying the terms, we can prevent the overlapping of connotations. Thus we qualify one kind of Monogamy as Indissoluble-Monogamy, meaning the life-long monogamy as understood and expounded by the Catholic Church. One form of Polygamy we qualify as Limited-Monogamy, i.e., that form which, while maintaining monogynous and monandrous relations throughout, allows of such relations being entered into in a series of successive Limitedly-Monogamous relationships or agreements. Thirdly, we define Polygamy, as synonymous with Polygyny, denoting sexual relations with many women throughout the same period, and Polyandry, as denoting the same with more than one man throughout the same period. Having accepted these definitions, Freewomen can pass their judgments on each in turn. Indissoluble-Monogamy, embodied as a legal enactment, or postulated as a strict morality affecting people of every range of temperament, is an unjustifiable tyranny, and psychologically monstrous and morally dangerous. It is blunderingly stupid, and reacts immorally, producing deceit, sensuality, vice, promiscuity, prostitution, spinsterdom, and a grossly unfair monopoly. Polygamy, entailing polyandry, has become a physiological and, even more, a psychological impossibility. As far as women are concerned, it is out of the question. Polygamy, contracted alongside monandry, also is impossible from women's points of view. On the simple psychology of the situation, women would never tolerate it if they had sufficient finances to avoid it. To Freewomen, for instance, it would provide an intolerable situation. It would not be borne by any woman who understands passion. And for this reason—that passion, in its own sphere, is absorbing, jealous, exclusive, and individual. It insists upon attention. Necessarily so, because it is the concentrated attention of one mind upon another, which makes possible the psychic communication without which there is no passion. This is the feature of passion which accounts for the knowledge which the lover has of the thousand attributes of the beloved, of which the rest of the world are unaware. Consequently, passion negates promiscuity. The wandering attention which is necessary to the latter is unavailable alongside passion. So, for women, and, we believe, equally and necessarily, for men, too, the very wandering of attention is the infallible sign that the spell of passion is broken and the charm has worked itself out. And when passion is at an end, the relationships which passion makes possible are also at an end. Raging and argument can do nothing in face of the death of passion. It is a thing to be accepted with whatever cheerfulness may be possible. Men and women will have to learn to regard it as Lucretius taught us to regard Death: "Let us go out from Life as from a Feast, thanking the Host," says Lucretius. So we shall have to go out from Love, for it is bootless to stand like beggars outside closed doors; we beat but vainly for re-entrance. The determination as to whether passion will be lasting or evanescent depends wholly upon the temperament of lovers. Its power to last long—even a lifetime—depends largely upon the depth, not of one mind merely, but of the two minds concerned. And the marriage of two minds of depth and of communicable understanding is a rare thing. Passion will last, and will only last, as long as continued communion has something new to offer to the mind. When the store has run out, then it comes to an end. And very rightly so. For nothing justifies the exclusive attention which passion demands, except that passion provide something continuously worthy of attention. Even our virtues carry their own egotism. Such considerations as these rule out polygamy as a tolerable social theory in a community where cultured women have any weight. They also rule out Indissoluble-Monogamy. In the interests of passion which we call love, it has to be insisted upon that marriage is not marriage when love is dead. Also, love is a rare and beautiful thing. Hence, when it appears, we may not flout it, nor repress it, nor pretend it does not exist. In all this we are considering sex relations from a moral point of view, and not from a legal one. The legal one is secondary merely. If, however, one cares to regard love and marriage from a legal aspect, we get results as follows. IndissolubleMonogamy being in multitudinous cases the direct cause of unhappiness and vicious living, the law which enforces it is grossly immoral. In LimitedMonogamy, where monogamy is limited by desire, individuals act as impelled by their own wishes. The intervention of the law, if such intervention can be conceived, would, therefore, be an obvious superfluity. In polygamy, i.e., polygyny, as far as women are concerned, it is only participated in as an economic necessity. This necessity removed, their participation in it will cease; while men who desire it will not be prevented by law from securing it if obtainable, and we believe the real prevention will be secured by the disappearance of women, who are necessitous to the point of desperateness. Hence, a law in regard to polygamy would be a superfluity, because it would be inoperative and wholly ineffectual. In short, the law has no appropriate business in the affairs of the human spirit. Its operations lie in cruder spheres. It might as well legislate upon the tints of the clouds and the curves of the sea-waves. It can bid passion neither come nor go. As far as the law is concerned, it goes and comes as it pleases, as the wind comes among the trees. There is a genuine pathos in our reliance upon the law in regard to the affairs of our own souls. Our belief in ourselves and in our impulses is so frail that we prefer to see it buttressed up. We are surer of our beliefs when we see their lawfulness symbolised in the respectable blue cloth of the policeman's uniform and the sturdy, good quality of the prison's walls. The law gives them their passport. Well, perhaps in this generation, for all save pioneers, the law will continue to give its protecting shelter, but with the younger generations we believe we shall see a stronger, prouder, and more insistent people, surer of themselves and of the pureness of their own desires. (To be continued.) January 4, 1912 THE FREEWOMAN 123 NOTES OF THE WEEK. HOW excruciatingly, unutterably bored one gets with the subject of Poverty. One gets so much of it. It has become a game. Someone should call "time," and wind it up. The Poor we have always had with us, but if they are going to stay much longer, now we have become conscious of them, life is not going to be worth living. One would prefer not to join in. Three-quarters of us are the "Poor." That is bad enough. But the intolerable thing is to belong to the remaining quarter—the non-Poor. Those of the non-Poor who are not being preached at for neglecting and causing the Poor, are engaged in the preaching. All the best part of our sympathies and our finest emotions are squandered on the Poor. Our thought, our leisure is swallowed up in them. It really will not do. It is too sordid. Life was not meant for this. Somebody is queering the pitch. People are beginning to relish the subject and are posing for it. They would hate a solution as much as modern novelists would hate a solution of the marriage problem. A solution would destroy their patter. The only decent attitude towards Poverty is to regard it as indecent. The people who have the most proper regard for Poverty are the well-paid operatives of the North. They know what it means, but at present it does not soil them, and so they ban mention of it in polite conversation. Money belongs to the kitchen, back-premises, part of things. If its services are inadequate, it is a serious matter, but one calling for action more than for words. This attitude could very well be recommended to all the Tender-minded, the Charitable, the Philanthropists, the Social-Reformers, and the Socialists. The subject is an indelicate one, and its discussion can only be excused in the social mechanics who are going to proceed at once to set things right. What the Poor want is more money. Money does not fall like manna from the clouds; it is derived from the fruits of labour—the profits of labour. If then, the persons who have bagged the profits of labour begin to talk about the abolition of Poverty without at once cutting the strings of their money-bags, they should, in the interests of our finer sensibilities, be condemned by law to five or ten years' total silence. It really is the only way to stop their interminable and nauseating chatter. The Chancellor of the Exchequer has been making a speech on Poverty in Wales to representatives of the various Churches. We agreed with every word he said. What we cannot understand is why he stopped where he did. When he pointed out that the annual value of the nation's income, if shared out equally, would run to something like £200 per year per family, why did he not proceed to say that, as he was receiving £5,000 a year salary, in addition to any private income, he felt himself responsible for the complete starvation of twenty-four families at least? But he did not mention the painful subject, nor did anyone in his audience, as far as we are told. And this is the root of the evil. In order that the Many may have More, the Few will have to content themselves with far less. Some people will have to disgorge. The talk about Poverty is likely to prove eternal, as long as we expect the money to come from "Somewhere." The money will have to be deducted from the incomes of those who possess incomes of a value sufficient to allow of deduction. The Chancellor of the Exchequer, for instance, might have four-fifths of his deducted without having to fear for his daughter's being on the streets and his wife dying of consumption in a hovel. Only when Social Reformers dare to look the question of Poverty brazenly in the face will there cease to be Charlatans and Humbugs. Poverty will have to be bought out. This, in our view, is no hardship. Not onehundredth part of the hardship which is entailed in being compelled to slink past the terrifying humanity which patrols our streets, gulp down the food which is brought us by girls who are paid wages so small that the grin of compulsory vice plays round them, and to seek devious ways to our destinations to avoid the area where there are the ragged, blue-lipped, scabcheeked children. Unless one is blind, and rhinoceros-skinned, the world is barely fit for well-to-do people to live in. Nor is this all. Not only is one compelled to walk past the Poor in the streets: they follow us into the privacy of our own homes. They besiege our thoughts. They are present in every book we read. And, as we say, we are bored with the subject. We arc eagerly ready to pay up. For our peace of mind, and to reclaim our leisure, we are burning to pay our share. Out of an income less than one-twentieth of the income of the Chancellor of the Exchequer, we would willingly pay a twenty per cent, deduction, if he would guarantee to clean up the styes of industrial misery. Is he, and are those like him, prepared to do the same? If he is not, and those whom he sets on to "work upon" the subject of Poverty are not, they are simply Charlatans, and are perpetuating the pose of those who "go about doing good." We hope that the above will make it quite clear why we do not agree with the contributor who writes in this issue on the "Unimportance of the Woman Movement," basing that unimportance upon the consideration that it is not mainly concerned with economic readjustments. That it does not do so wholly, we think constitutes the one bright streak in a leaden sky. It is one proof that Poverty does not wholly possess the earth. Our contention is this: that Poverty could be done away with almost in a decade, if people were in earnest, were kind-hearted, and had a few brains. The abolition of Poverty is not a work which should absorb the energies of developed, cultured minds, any more than the affairs of the kitchen could absorb those of a cultured woman's mind. Economic problems have to do with nothing save the wherewithal to get shelter, food, and clothing—for ourselves and everybody else. It ought to be simple enough. It is simple enough. But Mind is not simple. Its problems cannot be settled in a few hours' mechanical work early in the day. The treasures of mind, the marvels of mind, the growth of mind— these are the allures of life. They are life. Without them life is little. That is why we want to pay up, in order to get the kitchen department settled safely and satisfactorily for everybody. What sort of individual is the Chancellor of the Exchequer going to prove? If his pugnacity should turn out to be courage, and his seeming sentimentalism, sentiment, then not many more generations will have to wail about the bitter waste of mind in the Cause of the Poor. We have used up our space, so that there is little left wherein to say much of the New Year's Honours List. In the little we may say, we point out that all the women are out, and a great many of the Princes of Labour, the Scoopers-up-of-Profits are very much in. Does the list suggest that women do not possess the necessary wealth to make such honours negotiable? The list does rouse in one's mind speculations as to what the Bestowers-of-Honours may expect from the honoured Profit-Holders. A disgorgement of profits? An understanding not to prove restive under the application of compulsory disgorgement? If so, there is nothing to be said against the process, except what may be said by the previouslyexistent honoured. The protection of the titular monopoly rests with them and not with the People. So, indeed, if for a few dukedoms the people could divert back to their own use the millions of capital with which to secure their own land, to be developed by their own labour, the social problem would become child's play. And the public sales of honours, rights, and privileges, by Kings and other persons, is not a thing unknown in the history of our country—sales which did not turn to bad account, as it turned out. Was it not our King Richard of the Lionheart whom the impatience of his spirited desires forced into selling to the towns the charters upon which their future rights and consequent prosperity were largely built up. So if wealth has followed the possession of unique organising ability, persistence, and energy, the commutation of wealth into terms of manifest public honour might become a natural and honourable procedure. 124 THE FREEWOMAN January 4, 1912 The Philosophy of the Woman's Question. ACCORDING to the eminent French psychologist, Le Bon, the great upheavals which precede changes of civilisation, such as the fall of the Roman Empire, and the foundation of the Arabian Empire, seem at first sight determined more especially by political transformations, foreign invasion, or the overthrow of dynasties. But a more attentive study of these events shows that behind their apparent causes the real cause is generally seen to be a profound modification in the ideas of the peoples. The true historical upheavals are not those which astonish us by their grandeur and violence. The only important changes whence the renewal of civilisations results, affect ideas, conceptions, and beliefs. The memorable events of history are the visible effects of the invisible changes of human thought. The reason these great events are so rare is that there is nothing so stable in a race as the inherited groundwork of its thoughts. The present epoch is one of these critical moments in which the thought of mankind—I use the word mankind in its broadest sense—is undergoing a process of transformation. Two fundamental factors are at the base of this transformation. The first is the destruction of those social and political beliefs in which all the elements of our civilisation are rooted. The second is the creation of entirely new conditions of existence and thought, as the result of modern scientific and industrial discoveries. The ideas of the past, although half destroyed, being still very powerful, and the ideas which are to replace them being still in process of formation, the modern age represents a period of transition and anarchy. A retrospective survey of the world's history shows us that the creation of a nation's institutions, whether they represent religion, or literature, or art, cannot be accomplished in any other manner than by a process of changing thought among its people. We are aware that on the industrial plane all new inventions are merely improvements on the things they supersede—and these things, in the first instance, are the outcome of man's natural desire to live. "If we enter into the idea of motion as embodied in the latest mechanical inventions, we see how the idea of the railway grew out of the stage-coach, the gas-engine out of the steam-engine, the motor-car out of the bicycle, the flying-machine out of the balloon; how all these forms were latent in the minds of their inventors till the intense desire to overcome the difficulties of transit, gradually shaping itself into the form of an idea, gave birth to these familiar objects which bear us swiftly through space, and, coming into collision, project us into eternity. We may trace the idea of locomotion back to its most primitive forms, to dug-out canoes or chariots, only to find them springing from the same basis of desire. Or, going beyond all mechanical inventions to the human body itself, we must recognise its limbs and muscles as a manifestation of the same root desire expressing itself through countless forms and adaptations as it developed from the unicellular organism." So wrote Robert Gardner in his profound work on democracy of to-day. From thought to thought, from idea to idea, from the simple to the complex; in such manner does mankind progress. However, just as a nation is slow in acquiring its racial characteristics and its beliefs, in like manner is it loath to discard them when once accepted. This fact explains why it is that so many social reforms are delayed for lengthy periods of time after the necessity for their adoption is apparent to the advanced thinkers of the particular generation. Years in educating public opinion are necessary before the god of Demos will acknowledge such reform to be worthy of acceptance. If we will constantly keep in mind the foregoing psychological truths, and, also, if we will remember that the present position of women in relation to the franchise is but an inevitable stage of their evolution, it will be less possible for our critical faculties to be misdirected. It is only by unfailingly concentrating our thoughts upon the fundamental facts of this momentous problem that we can ultimately arrive at a logical and satisfactory conclusion. All great social questions have temporarily suffered, in a greater or lesser degree, at the hands of that section of the community which seeks to disparage any scheme for the betterment of the nation by ridiculous quibbling over details which have no important bearing upon the principle involved. On investigation it will be found that the question of woman's suffrage has by no means escaped the vituperation of those whose chief claim to recognition rests in the fact of their extreme self-consciousness. They have yet to realise cosmic-consciousness. In an ideal state the individual's interests are the nation's interests, and are inseparable. Each one of us is an integral part in this complex scheme of things, and we best serve ourselves by serving the community. I am aware, of course, of the injury which the woman's movement has suffered by the inclusion within its ranks of individuals professing concepts the realisation of which would create conditions, economic and social, less tolerable than those in existence to-day. To substitue feminine supremacy in the place of masculine supremacy leaves the evil untouched. Both are incongruous and unjust. Such readjustment of the present order of things can only result in perpetual sex-antagonism. To-day, the subjugation of woman is a fact. To-day, the supremacy of man is also a fact. But it will not always be so. A master-class has little difficulty in acquiring those characteristics which create indifference to the needs of the oppressed, and an aptitude for devising methods of further suppression of its victims. On the other hand, a slave-class is equally as capable, in another direction, of manifesting signs of revolt and hatred against its enemies. Having at the present time, as I have already stated, a masculine master-class and a feminine slave-class, is it very strange that some women have lost all faith in man? But to any such, who may read these words, I would suggest that they eliminate any ideas of this pessimistic character, as they must necessarily tend to limit the possibilities of a great emancipation. In my own mind, I am satisfied that, when the moment for decision arrives, the men of this country and this age will justify all the faith which many of our women have, with such constancy, placed in them. We strive for harmony and a spirit of mutual January 4, 1912 THE FREEWOMAN 125 helpfulness in our family life. Fail to obtain this healthy atmosphere in the home, and at once the possibility of domestic peace becomes remote. If this is true in our home life, it is none the less so m our national life. I am fully conscious of the fact that a certain neurotic form of altruism is undesirable. Without doubt the healthy egoist is always a more valuable asset to the community than the diseased altruist. Nothing weakens the stability of a nation so much as the complete obsession of its people to principles of self-sacrifice. It is too often forgotten that self-sacrifice may as readily become a form of self-indulgence as selfishness. From this same idea, which, in the main, receives its strength from the teaching of orthodox Christianity, has sprung much of the present-day sentimentalism and prudity characteristic of many individuals who are acknowledged opponents of the enfranchisement of women. It may be "conventional" to denounce as unwomanly certain actions of particular suffragettes, but when the facts are considered in the light of the whole situation, such condemnation is found to be everything save sound argument and justice. The mental indolence of many people is such that they are content to permit newspaper editors and professional public speakers to think for them. This practice of accepting other people's conclusions, without even the most trifling attempt to ascertain if they are true, results in such individuals becoming mere automatons. I can conceive nothing more dangerous, whether considered from an individual or a national standpoint. It produces a superficiality of thought which is responsible for many men and women condemning an effect without first seeking to understand the cause which brought the effect into existence. Nowhere is this superficiality of thought more apparent than in matters connected with the government of this country. Mr. Cecil Chapman, a London magistrate, writing to the Daily News on July 12th, 1910, said: "I am professionally engaged every day in the study of mankind, and it is my business not only to administer the laws, but to discover, as far as may be, the causes of evil and the surest road to reformation of character. I have no hesitation in saying that the absence of the woman's point of view is the root cause of inefficiency and injustice in the laws which I administer, and, owing to natural differences, men are incapable, however well intentioned, of supplying the deficiency. I know of no remedy except that of giving women the vote. From my point of view, it is a matter of no importance whether a majority or minority of women desire the change. If our laws are ever to become human and civilised, the State requires it." Mr. Chapman is to be congratulated on his ability to recognise that the present unsatisfactory condition of affairs which exists in his own particular sphere of commercial life, is largely due to the male sex endeavouring to create and administrate laws without considering the point of view of the women. Man is dependent on the whole community for his existence. Woman is also. This being the case, it follows that a "gladiatorial contest between the sexes for sovereignty" cannot be in the best interests of either. When we realise that the truer and fuller mental, moral, and physical development of the race is impossible, save by the co-operation of man and woman on terms of mutual interests and mutual aspirations, so soon will our mothers and our sisters, our wives and our lovers, gain those rights of citizenship which younger and wiser countries than our own have granted long ago. H. Cecil Palmer, The Persian Woman. WITH the possible exception of her Moorish sister, the Persian woman represents the most degraded specimen of Moslem womanhood. The Persians, in their relations to their womankind, have changed but little through the centuries. It may, I think, be said that the status of the Moslem woman in India has improved, and the status of the Moslem woman in Turkey, especially among the upper classes, has certainly improved considerably in the course of the last ten or fifteen years. But the Persian woman is as degraded as before. The strict tenets of Islamism do not, indeed, conduce to the elevation of woman. It is distinctly recognised that she is inferior to the man. Until she is married her father's word is law; and after her marriage her sole object in life is to please her husband—and not only her husband, but many of his relations; for the patriarchal system of family life prevalent in most parts of Persia naturally results in the collecting into one house of the wife's father-in-law, mother-in-law, and so on. The surest way to please her husband, of course, is to bear him male children. The birth of a girl calls for condolence, so far as the husband is concerned, and the little female infant is placed in a coarse, common cradle, whereas when a boy is born he is placed in an elaborate silk-lined affair. The birth of a girl is in many cases seized as the pretext for a divorce; for it is the easiest thing in the world for a Moslem to divorce his wife: he has merely to pronounce the prescribed formula, and it is all over. In Persia, as in Turkey, the men of the lower and poorer classes are content with one wife, although they are legally entitled to four. This, of course, is due to motives of economy; but they all take full advantage of the permission of the Prophet to indulge in as many maîtresses passagères as they like. In order that the number of such connections may be kept as small as possible, the woman devotes practically all her spare time to making herself as physically attractive as possible, hence the large use by nearly all classes, of powders, perfumes, rouge, and kohl. The women, indeed, have nothing better to do; for, except in the very highest classes, they have nothing resembling intellectual pleasures. When the Mejless assembled a few months ago, one Deputy caused much amusement by venturing to suggest that their women might perhaps have souls, after all. This view was so greatly in opposition to the opinion generally held that the members of the Persian Parliament could not discuss it seriously. According to the Koran, there is just a possibility that women may be allowed to enter Paradise—especially if they are very attentive to their men-folk when on earth. But it is more difficult for a woman to enter Paradise than a man. A pilgrimage to Mecca or Meshed, however, will be of some assistance, so we find women, towards the end of their lives, wheedling money out of their husbands, usually for the purpose of visiting the shrine of Imam Resa at Meshed. If they survive the tedious journey they take up their residence at Meshed for a few months, pay daily visits to the celebrated Shrine, and present offerings of gold, jewels, and so on. Such a pilgrimage as this, however, can only be undertaken by the wealthy, and it is not too much to say that women of the poorer classes pass really hopeless lives, knowing, or at any rate feeling, that at the end their souls will be lost for ever. It has taken European civilisation longer to penetrate Persia than any other Moslem country, especially European ideas—sometimes, unfortunately, ultra-romantic and idealistic—regarding the posi- 126 THE FREEWOMAN January 4, 1912 tion of women. Genius, however, is likely to spring up sporadically in many an unexpected place, and the Persian poetess, Kurratu-l-Ayn, should not be overlooked. She came into prominence in the eighteen-forties in connection with the Babi sect, and she was widely known for her learning. Kurratu played a very prominent part in spreading the doctrines of this sect, among the chief of which were included the raising of the status of women, the abolition of polygamy, and the discarding of the veil. The movement spread, and the sect now numbers adherents in many parts of the world, though the comparatively few who remain in Persia are by no means popular with the people. This movement for the emancipation of woman was checked in the middle of last century, first by the martyrdom of the poetess at Teheran, and secondly by the assassination of the Bab himself. The followers of the new teacher lost their possessions, and in many cases their lives also. Those who survived endeavoured to keep their order together; but it was obviously out of the question to carry its doctrines into effect. Nevertheless, the movement was an unusual one, especially when it is borne in mind that it occurred nearly threequarters of a century ago, and it developed among Persian women a feeling of discontent with their lot which has descended to the present generation. But the Persian woman's capacity for agitation is small. There are few European women residents for them to come into contact with, and there are no girls' schools even. In Turkey, of course— especially in large towns like Constantinople, Adrianople, and Salonika—there are mission schools, usually in charge of Americans; but benefits such as these have not yet spread to Persia. In Turkey, too, French and English governesses are common in the houses of the wealthy; in Persia they are rare. Thus, although many of the women of Persia are dissatisfied, and have a vague feeling that something is wrong, they lack, and must inevitably lack for some considerable time to come, the necessary intelligence without which their status cannot be improved. The prospect is not pleasing; but the gratifying change which has been gradually accomplished in Turkey makes the reformer hopeful. R. H. Moreland. The Case for Divorce Law Reform. DEMOCRACY is nearly always unjust to deserving minorities. If red-haired men are voteless, or if their votes are not numerous enough to count, they are liable to be ignored and even victimised. If women get votes, and are more numerous than men, it is impossible to predict what awful fate may await men. Men and women ought, therefore, to consider more tenderly than they do the claims of unhappily married persons to relief. After all, they are little more numerous than bankrupts, and, therefore, probably not unusually perverse or wicked. Nor do they claim any revolutionary measures to better their condition. Yet there is a common tendency to represent these unhappy people as dangerous reprobates, and the welfare of their children as dependent on the continuance of the unhappy union which produced them. All that I personally want to see effected is the establishment of divorce for the same causes that are now held to justify judicial separation, i.e., adultery, cruelty, or desertion, and the annulment of the marriage of an insane person to a sane spouse when the sane spouse is the victim of antenuptial fraud. Moreover, I am not prepared to resist annulment when insanity has lasted five years and is pronounced incurable by officially appointed doctors. There are, no doubt, many cases where a reformed law would no more be put into operation than the existing law, especially where the real affection of a real marriage sways the parties, but even in cases where the law might be invoked I cannot see that the children need necessarily lose more than they would gain. Do the opponents of divorce ever study the lives and characters of children who grow up under the incessant cruelty and oppression of an almost deranged father or a dipsomaniac mother, or as unwilling witnesses of incessant quarrels, and even physical violence? The study of such families does not convince the ordinary observer that the children would not have grown up all the happier and better for being away from the control and custody of the offending parent. It is also not remembered that even the guilty party to a divorce has rights of access to the children, and that the children themselves can choose their home after the age of sixteen. In a recent contribution to the Nineteenth Century and After, Mrs. Frederic Harrison approvingly quotes a certain working woman of her acquaintance.* This lady criticises the gentry for "making a fuss about little things in marriage," and her idea of these "little things" seems entirely restricted to drink. "If things get too bad we separate." I honour the lady for her tolerance of drink. No doubt the wife of an artisan can do much to keep the home together by winking at her husband's occasional bouts, but I am not ready to defer to her notion of permanent separation being invariably (if ever) preferable to divorce, nor can I imagine that her knowledge of the "little things" is in any way comparable to the knowledge possessed by many witnesses at the Royal Commission. Is it a "little thing" for any woman, rich or poor, to be chained without remedy to a man who deserts her and can never be traced, or to be doomed to the embraces of a lunatic husband at the intervals when he is allowed out of the asylum, or to be infected with some vile disease that often ruins not only her health, but her offspring, and sometimes, where it does not kill, makes life a nauseous and intolerable burden? If such things were part of the above-mentioned working woman's experience, we should not (I hope) be told of this "fuss about little things"! All the solicitors who gave evidence at the Commission unanimously supported the proposition that divorce should be as free to the poor as to the rich, and I venture to think that their opinion is of more importance than that of a palpably ignorant working woman. Mr. Stephen Reynolds very ably indicated in a recent article in the Fortnightly Review why the poor were sometimes prejudiced against divorce, and where the extension of divorce to them would need caution, but his remarks do not support a case against extending divorce to the poor. I admire as cordially as anyone the example of working women who work to give their husbands every luxury in lunatic asylums, but I do not propose to prohibit conduct of this kind by law. Such admirable behaviour is no argument for not relieving the victims of antenuptial fraud, or for relieving any man or woman from a "compulsory celibacy of thirty-seven years." (I quote from a case which came before the Divorce Law Reform Union.) * March, 1911. January 4, 1912 THE FREEWOMAN 127 The so-called social purists have sometimes expressed themselves as being shocked by the Scandinavian domestic arrangements because these worthy ladies and gentlemen are in the habit of referring to their divorced husbands and wives as "late husband" and "late wife." The use of such terminology does not prevent me from thinking that they nevertheless, may be blameless respectable, and contented persons. In some cases they apparently dislike being married to persons with whom they have "political or religious differences." The fate of the unfortunate Mrs. McCann, still fettered by law to a Catholic husband who has kidnapped her children and injured her in every conceivable fashion, seems a strong argument for the superior advantages enjoyed by the Scandinavians, or at least for divorce in case of desertion. Those who oppose easier divorce on account of the wild tales they hear of the United States should realise that their defects are almost entirely due to grave maladministration, and the present English law similarly administered would produce evils quite as grave. As regards Ancient Rome, a stock bugbear of the pulpit, I can only refer readers of The freewoman to an excellent little book, entitled "The Religion of Woman," recently published by my friend Mr. Joseph McCabe, in which Mr. McCabe ably exposes the gross exaggeration of Roman immorality by Christian writers, and shows how intimately the freedom and dignity of the Roman matron was bound up with the less strict ceremonies of marriage as opposed to the older form of "confarreatio," under which the husband had exercised a despotic form of authority. A lax divorce law or the lax administration of any divorce law may be a symptom, but is rarely a cause, of social decay. I need not, however, labour this argument, because I am seeking to promote not a lax, but only a reasonable, law of divorce. In the article referred to Mrs. Harrison advised those who fear the perpetuation of a "hereditary blot" to marry without having children. She might perhaps extend this advice to those who, being married, have reason to fear that, in some way that could not have been foreseen or guarded against before marriage, they have made a grave error, and this would in many cases save children from the evils of a miserable home or a "constant change and shuffle of marriage partners." In any case, statistics show that the existence of children consolidates the strength of the marriage tie more than anything else, and therefore that the children referred to by Mrs. Harrison are less numerous than she imagines. Mrs. Harrison has asserted that "in any loosening of the marriage tie women must lose infinitely more than they gain, and immeasurably more than men. The marriage laws have been designed and instituted in the interests of women," and so forth. I join issue on both these propositions. Can it be seriously maintained that a separated woman, for example, is better off than a separated man, or that she would not be better off with a divorce and proper alimony than with a separation deed or decree, which merely embarrasses her with a number of social difficulties and uncertainties, while it gives a man absolute freedom from all but financial responsibility? My own view of the marriage laws is that they bear every sign of having been specially designed to protect the man in exerting what may be, and often is, a despotic authority over his wife and children, and against having to pay for children who are not his own. These objects may be excellent, but the woman's interests are much less carefully safeguarded than the man's. A husband who knew that his wife could (if she chose) divorce him for what Lord Mersey called "accidental" adultery or persistent cruelty would sometimes behave better, and the general result might be precisely what Mrs. Harrison and everyone else wants, or ought to want, to wit, "a new spirit with a greater sense of civic responsibility, with a larger sympathy, a deeper sense of parental duty, a more reverential love and tenderness to the partner in the bond." The one underlying assumption is that further facilities for divorce would mean the immediate dissolution of happy, or moderately happy, marriages. I do not admit the truth of this assumption, but I do strongly contend that further facilities for divorce would diminish the number of unhappy marriages and of marriages which are not marriages in any proper sense of the word, and that we should probably see an increasing number of happy marriages between properly assorted persons. E. S. P. Haynes. "Uranians." MASCULINE and effeminate are two adjectives which one hears very much used at present in reference to the Woman's Emancipation movement, although it must be said that the epithet "effeminate" is applied with far more vigour and contempt to the male creatures, who possess externally some of the qualities believed by the uninitiated and indiscriminate to be the sole heritage of the "fair sex," than the term "masculine" to women contrarily endowed with a deportment and appearance which suggests an attempt to emulate the man. That is, however, consistent with conservative philosophy. But yet can any absolute distinction be drawn between the qualities and attributes of the two sexes? I think not. Nature, that much-abused female, who has been adopted by the Philistines to be the synonym of rank conservatism, abhors rules and regulations with as much intensity as she hates the proverbial vacuum. She casts her goods recklessly amongst us mortals. Consequently, we have in our midst a class of people who hover, as it were, midway between the sexes, and their position in society is as yet undefined. If the tendency of evolution is to segregate the sexes, as it appears to be, since the lower we go in the scale of living organism the greater the tendency towards hermaphrodism and a protoplasmic condition of self-impregnation, then these types must be recessives. However, they are not on that account to be ignored. It is only lately, owing to the persistent work of certain writers (for the most part Germans), that the very existence of these persons has in any way been brought before the public notice as a thing worthy of observation and study, and as being not perhaps altogether so sinful as the law would have us believe. And yet we shall find upon examination that many of the world's pioneers have come from their ranks. And is this, indeed, surprising, seeing their characters often possess what would appear to be the most incompatible traits? Thus we find the enormous insight and intuition, generally deemed a feminine attribute, united with the organising capacity of man. So sometimes what appear to be the most absurd incongruities are to be found in the same person. We find, too, that these people often possess an extraordinarily sympathetic mind, and their aid is often unknowingly 128 THE FREEWOMAN January 4, 1912 sought in subtle cases of arbitration between man and woman. It would, however, be a complete fallacy to suppose that the delicate psychological differences of these persons must necessarily betray themselves externally, and that a male invert must be of the so-called effeminate type; on the contrary, these persons often present an appearance similar to the normal male, possessing no morbid tendencies whatsoever. "But," says Edward Carpenter, "if we take the general mental characteristics, it appears from almost universal testimony that the male tends to be of a rather gentle, emotional disposition—with defects, if such exist, in the direction of subtlety, evasiveness, timidity, vanity, etc.; while the female is just the opposite, fiery, active, bold, and truthful, with defects running to brusqueness and coarseness." Scientists and doctors who have specialised on this subject have chosen to denote this esoteric sect of mankind by the term Uranian, Aphrodite ourania, being the god of the nobler kind of love, as opposed to Aphrodite pademos, the god of lust. "Urning men and women," says a quotation from Otto de Jeux, taken from Edward Carpenter's book on "The Intermediate Sex," "on whose book of life Nature has written her new word, which sounds so strange to us, bear such storm and stress within them, such ferment and fluctuation, so much complex material having its outlet only towards the future, their individualities are so rich and manysided, and withal so little understood, that it is impossible to characterise them adequately in a few sentences." For the most part these people have moved stealthily under the surface of society, as it were, terrified at themselves, owing to their aberrant natures and heterodox passions, and afraid to come to the surface, for society shuts its eyes or covers with a mask their attachments, which it labels "unnatural." The law, too, legislates against them, harsher in this one case with men than with women, as if the very fact of their existence and their desires did not render them "natural." However, it must not be supposed that these attractions, although of a sexual kind—and there can never be any doubt in the mind of a participator as to whether an attachment is tinged with sexual desire or not-— must necessarily lead to any mechanical sexual act. Probably in the majority of cases, certainly amongst women, they do not. Everything that helps people to understand themselves, at the same time assists them to guard against their weaknesses, and is therefore of good to mankind. Thus the literature on this subject that is at present being written is doing a vast amount of good. And it is a subject, too, that should be brought to the notice of all schoolmasters and schoolmistresses, if any there be who are insufficiently observant to notice it for themselves. The value of friendships in childhood cannot be overestimated, a fact of which the Greeks were well aware, and the manner in which all attachments are stultified at our public schools is positively wicked, and tends to kill and crush all that is fine and gracious in a boy by labelling it "effeminate." Indeed, it is from friendships such as these, and not from the study of Greek syntax, culled from perished palimpsests, or from the dreary miasma of a football field, that the only real value of public schools is to be found. On the other hand, there is no doubt that the masters are faced with grave difficulties, but that does not excuse them when they condemn the good with the bad for the bad's sake. There is no doubt that great discrimination must be used by those in authority in order to distinguish the genuine cases of sex inversion and of that kind of hero-worship which exists between boys, sometimes of vastly different ages, from excesses indulged in, simply in order to satisfy a morbid curiosity and bestial lust. Even these latter are often partially excusable on the plea of ignorance. The tendency is to experiment with the unknown rather than with the known. Here, again, therefore, parents and masters are not to be exonerated from all blame. However, in all cases the matter must be explained. A whipping (rapidly becoming an obsolete method of punishment, just as the public school is rapidly becoming an obsolete institution) is no deterrent. It only causes the excesses to grow and spread under the surface, leading to an accumulation of putrescent matter, just as the inadequate drainage of moisture from land causes the growth of foul, fungous vegetable matter. It is, however, the usual peremptory and inadequate manner of dealing with the result rather than the cause; and thus a terribly unhealthy atmosphere with regard to sex matters is fostered at our public schools. And now I have arrived at the relevancy of these remarks to this paper. An epithet that is often applied by those opposed to the Woman's Freedom movement in the shape of an argument is the word "sexless." They draw attention to the numbers* of women in the ranks of the agitators who are celibates and childless, and who seem insensible to the passion of love, thus, they declare, leaving unfulfilled the greatest mission in life. It apparently has never occurred to them that numbers of these women find their ultimate destiny, as it were, amongst members of their own sex, working for the good of each other, forming romantic—nay, sometimes passionate—attachments with each other. It is splendid that these women, who hitherto have been unaware of their purpose, an enigma to themselves and to their relations, should suddenly find their destiny in thus working together for the freedom of their sex. It is one of the most wonderful things of the twentieth century, a century which until now has been full of wonderful things. And it is now time that people's eyes were thoroughly opened to the fact that the atoms which go to compose the normal male and the normal female are capable of infinite combinations; and a Uranian is not necessarily a person with sinful tendencies. Criminal and sinful are by no means interchangeable terms. Harry J. Birnstingl. * Statistical inquiries (see "Statistische Untersuchungen," von Dr. M. Hirschfield) yield 1.5 to 2 per cent, as a probable ratio of male and female Urnings (from Edward Carpenter's "The Intermediate Sex.") THE FREEWOMAN NOTICES and TERMS OF SUBSCRIPTION EDITORIAL Letters, etc., intended for the Editor should be addressed: 9, John Street, Adelphi, London, W.c. Telegrams to address below. PUBLICATION All business communications relative to the publication of the freewoman should be addressed, and all cheques, postal and money orders, etc., made payable to the Publishers, STEPHEN SWIFT and Co., ltd., 10, John Street, Adelphi, London, W.C. Telegrams to "Lumenifer, London." Terms of Subscription: —Yearly, 14s.; Six Months, 7s.; Three Months, 3s. 6d.; to any address in the Postal Union. ADVERTISEMENTS All orders, letters, etc., concerning advertisements should be addressed to the Manager, The freewoman, 9, John Street, Adelphi, London, W.C. January 4, 1912 THE FREEWOMAN 129 The Psychology of Personalities. OF those vices which we have grown accustomed to expect more or less in those who take up public life, probably the one which is imputed oftenest, and least often consciously merited, is that of hypocrisy. The hypocrite is a deceiver, and public personages are probably far more deceived than deceiving. They are not so much deceived by others as by themselves. They are deceived through that fatal facility and pseudoscientific skill in manipulating language which our Age has acquired. This facility and skill is responsible for much of the ironical clap-trap which is indulged in, in regard to "Great Principles," "Justice," "Virtues," Vices," and what not, in those whose actions speak louder than their words, and in support of opposing propositions. Owing to the mischievous practice of creating generalised, i.e., abstract words, upon data which does not warrant their creation, we have all come to believe in a static quality in regard to virtues, and to expect that a static excellence in these will one day be arrived at, which will remain established once and for all So we speak of "A Cause" in regard to each or any of these qualities, and imagine we can "work for" that cause, that is, endeavour statically to establish its "principle." The psychological truth of the matter is that it is not possible to make any abstraction, i.e., generalisation, in regard to the "virtues" at all. The virtues as such, have no existence except at the moment when they can be included in a specific action, which can be described as "so and so." Though we should spend the whole energy of our souls to establish, for instance, "Justice," in the end we can vouch for the existence of no more than our own potentiality to act fairly and kindly when occasion demands. If our work for "Justice" comprises only the endeavour to compel others to accord us what we consider "justice," while failing to act "justly" ourselves, we are rebutting the theory of "Existent Justice" with the strongest form of denial. To try to get out of others what a little thought would show does not exist in ourselves is like working at the pump of an empty well, as far as a generalised principle goes. If a person who speaks of "Justice" acts unjustly, that person at present does far more injury to the conception of Justice than does the person who argues against the advisability of acting justly A person in speech, upholding generosity, and acting meanly, stands for mean action, so far as his influence weighs, and his very advocacy of generous acting creates suspicion when such action is spoken of, by others. So, too, flamboyant expressions, regarding "love of the oppressed" in those who are playing the oppressors; expositions of human kindness in those who practise an extensive and subtle cruelty; fervent championings of "democracy" in those who establish directorates with unlimited powers and repudiated responsibilities-—the people whose actions are as these, do to death, as far as they are concerned, existing beliefs in conceptions of justice, generosity, love-of-theoppressed, human kindness, and democracy; and by the suspicion which they arouse they militate against possible resurrections. Thus the use of words and phrases demands an exacting correspondence in the sphere of conduct. Otherwise, their use is a vicious evil. This is true even in the individual, but it is particularly true in the case of "leaders" of human movements, usually the "spokesmen" of the movements. What they say is like the paper money; what they do, represents the bullion. They use large terms, and by these terms they sway the public, and convert the public to the connotation of the terms used by them. There thus ensues a constant cheapening of the currency, unless the leaders can be forced to maintain its value by means of a watchful personal criticism. For in "movements" which represent human developments, out of ten elements, nine are personal ones. This not only may be so, it must be so. Human movements are games in which human personalities are the counters. The personalities must be the passports of the doctrines of the movement. If, then, "leaders" may drift into the position of charlatans, with them—because it is based on them—the "movement" becomes, intellectually and emotionally, a fraud. It is the drifting process, which is always ready to set in, in any large movement, which criticism as far as may be prevents. So, when any movement literally stamps out criticism from within, and endeavours to bamboozle criticism from without, it is a foregone conclusion how that movement will end. From its unpopularity, criticism might be some drug mimical to the life of a movement, instead of being what it is, the only means of maintaining purity possible in a movement. There is no doubt as to the unpopularity of criticism. Its unpopularity is evident on every hand. Not only do "leaders" and "followers" hate it, but the refined, the sensitive, the gentle of a community dislike it. It is with all these "washing dirty linen in public." And yet only in proportion as the personal values considered are themselves unpleasant and defective can the phrase be applied. Only when a public movement has become rotten to the point of indecency can "estimation of personal values," i.e., the passing of "personalities," become indecent, and even then they are necessary if the movement is ever to make an attempt to recover itself at all. This dislike of "personalities" rests upon a strain of feebleness in the character of the public itself. Every kind of dodge is used to suppress criticism. It is, people say, bad form, bad taste, ill-timed, untrue, due to jealousy, treacherous, ungenerous, regrettable, inadvisable, a great pity, better forgotten, and finally we get pathos on account of one's friends, and the plea, "Think of the Cause." It is, indeed, "Causes" which set one furiously to think. One cause can stand for a great many things—from liberty of conscience down to prostitution of the purest emotion. We know that under the spell of the word "Cause" people will commit the meanest of offences, and in the name of the cause scream out against criticism. They can stoop to a silly flattery of one another, which, the "Cause" apart, they would only expect from buffoons. Under its influence they agitate themselves into a state in which any criticism honestly appears blasphemous. The leaders of a "Cause" will flatter the "followers" on their following, and the followers of a "Cause" will flatter the leaders on their leading, so that from their bethels the anthems of laudation rise continually It is little wonder that in such an atmosphere the criticised ones can offer a noble silence, too greatsouled to stoop to a defence. Why the Powers whose duty it is to guard all good things do not cause to rise up in every "movement" some genial satirist it is hard to tell. But strange it is that satirists sharpen their wits far from the atmospheres of movements, while on the movements, batten the slothful, the easy-going, the timid, the sentimental. It is tragic—for the movements—and it explains all the hostility shown towards criticism. Being slothful, the mental exertion of inquiry, and the revision 130 THE FREEWOMAN January 4, 1912 of judgments is dreaded. Being timid, the possible pain to others, the fuss and worry, is feared, and the dread that they may appear to have been acquiescent in the wrong, is present. Being easy-going, they fear that criticism will force them to correct the mistakes of their existing position, or force them to move into a new one. Being sentimental, they fear sentiment. Being sentimental, they slowly acquire the cruelty which invariably accompanies it. Being sentimental, the picturesque pose becomes more than the simple readjustment. Being sentimental, they become blind to what is unjust, and, being so, they hate the white light which criticism will pour down upon their injustices, and which will make havoc of that pleasure which they get from a poetic advocacy of the "Cause of Justice." We labour these points from the Freewoman's point of view. We emphasise these features because we believe the Feminist movement of to-morrow will be too harshly difficult and decisive in its consequences upon the ultimate position of women for it to be able to win through the timidity, the rhapsodising, and the sentimentalism which have appeared in such full force at its beginning. We are asked if it would not be more in keeping with the work of The freewoman to leave all these considerations of women's movements as they are, and reach out into the philosophy of the wider women's movement. Our answer is that it is out of the Feminist of today that we have to mould the feminism of the future, and so the invitation to enter the serener heights of the philosophy of the subject we must respectfully decline. Even in our philosophising we prefer to find our premises in the specific practice beloved of the Realist, rather than in the abstract theories beloved of the Romanticist. Between the two we believe there is all the difference between Truth and Humbug. We feel our work is not in the clouds and mists. We like to feel our feet on the earth. We may hope in the future to climb a hill or two, but we shall never lose sight of the plains. We refuse to lose ourselves in vague abstractions and prophecies as to future developments of woman. We shall spend our energies in acquiring and testing knowledge of the forces which we can find to hand at the present time. We are convinced we can only gather knowledge of the woman who is to be, by studying intently the psychology of the women of to-day. To these we point out that to be mentally courageous is to possess the first, second, and third of the emancipatory qualities; that it is not merely good that personal elements should enter into all searching arguments as to human movements; it is a sine qua non. Philosophising is often nine parts verbiage. Its tenth, and only valuable part, is based upon personal elements, personal observation, and personal conduct. When men tell women that women indulge in personal criticism they do not mean public criticism. They do not pay them that compliment. They mean to imply the private personal criticism, which has nothing evil in itself, but which has become evilly inclined because it does not in itself necessitate the courage which purifies public personal criticism. It is obviously a dangerous practice to make critical statements if one is not armed with the courage to withstand the defence. Honourable and straightforward men indulge in public personal criticism, and it is to be hoped that women will in the future imitate the same. They doubtless will when they come to understand the necessity of a constant vigilance over all great emotional movements. Correspondence. To the Editors of The Freewoman. Mr. Charles Drysdale's article in The Freewoman of December 21st is most interesting. He says: "If women would only calmly refuse to be mothers until the State recognised them as citizens, their enfranchisement would be proffered them on bended knee." When militancy was resumed by the W.S.P.U. a few weeks ago I wrote to Miss Annie Kenney, whom I very slightly know, sending her a cheque for the use of the W.S.P.U., and I ventured to suggest that the time had come when a strong move could be made, namely, that every member of the W.S.P.U., and other Feminists who were engaged to be married, should refuse to marry, and every married member should refuse to "live with" or bear children to her husband until the Franchise was won, the only exceptions to be where the fiance or husband were actively working to obtain the Franchise. My money was gratefully acknowledged—my suggestion was not even referred to, and window-breaking methods began again. One wonders when Feminists will learn to be feminine, to be themselves, to use women's weapons, women's forces, instead of weakly and meekly—for their militancy is not incompatible with meekness—copying men's ideas and methods. There is, however, one aspect of the "limitation of families" which is worthy, I think, of consideration. Assuming that such limitation would bring about in this nation (and others) the desirable results Mr. Drysdale thinks it would, is there not a likelihood that the nation, having got so far, would be swallowed by a bigger, coarser, less civilised Power, as France will probably be swallowed by Germany, and England by---? I do not say that this can be prevented, or even that it matters, but one must be prepared to give patient consideration to the Imperialists who preach against the limitation of families as an evil for the State. It may not be an evil, but it may be a danger, for it may very well lead indirectly to the annihilation of the State. One has, most unwillingly, to recognise, after even the most superficial perusal of history, that the "race is to the strong" and not to the scrupulous. One hears so much about the vices of Rome leading to her ruin, it is even suggested that the freedom of her women conduced to it. Isn't it rather putting the cart before the horse? Isn't our chief danger of extinction as a nation due to our virtues—that is, if it be virtuous and not merely weak to be kind, considerate, to desire our fellow's weal, to see another person's point of view? It is hateful to have to acknowledge it, but it certainly seems as if the moment a State reached a sufficiently high standard of civilisation to recognise the ethics of Meum and Tuum it was ripe and ready to be swallowed whole by some other race or nation whose only creed is "Meum." I do not say that one can prevent it—these things are Kismet. No lifting up of our puny voices, no propaganda for "unlimited fertility" will kill the spirit of the times; but, at any rate, one can be patient with Imperialists who want to put the clock-hands back, for I think they blindly, dimly, instinctively, and perhaps justly, discern that we are going to our ruin, and that our weakness is taking us there. That they call the weakness "vice" and that I call it "virtue" will affect the result not at all! Mr. Drysdale, in his article, after stating that if women would refuse, for a time, to become mothers the Franchise would be offered them on bended knee, adds: "Unfortunately, the idea of self-sacrifice, which has always been drilled into women, makes it difficult to convince them that they will serve their country best by looking after their own self-interest more." Alas! I fear he flatters them. That they have not yet adopted this method to obtain their liberty is because they are not self-sacrificing enough, not big enough yet to face this very real ordeal. For this would be no "sham fight." They can face martyrdom in the open-standing shoulder to shoulder—the martyrdom of mind and body, January 4, 1912 THE FREEWOMAN 131 but too much heart has for long been woman's weakness. She is not yet ready silently to plunge the sword—no blare of trumpets to cheer her—into her own quiet home life. They have not risen to that yet, these women. Ah, God, who shall blame them?—not I. To some life has been so little sweet they have not yet the strength—for the sake of posterity—to make it all bitter. But they will—they will—give them time. Let them once get a firm hold of the idea that they do this for the sake of their children and children's children, and that great force, Motherhood, will slay itself only to rise purified from its ashes. Mr. Drysdale says he is "only a man." Well, if he be only a man he is obviously fallible; all his ideas, all his theories may be hopelessly wrong. But I am "only a woman," and I thank him for these words: "I would infinitely rather occupy the nethermost depths of that inferno which some theologians inform us is prepared for those who commit the sin of artificial limitation than share eternal bliss with Luther, at the price of inflicting the continued tortures of undesired maternity upon an unfortunate woman, and of bringing helpless little creatures into the world for whom there is no prospect of preparing a proper place or welcome." I know the happy wives and mothers will fall upon Mr. Drysdale and rend him, and tell him he exaggerates the pains and penalties of motherhood and overlooks the rewards. Oh, "happy" women, come out of your hateful smugness and study the lot of the average woman before you cant. Coralie M. Boord. © ® @&gt; To the Editors of The Freewoman. I should like, with your kind permission, to make one or two comments on Dr. Drysdale's second article on Freewomen and the Birth-rate, for in it he skirts around rather than faces squarely the implications of my remarks on the limitation of the family. The deliberate prevention of conception by married women, mainly under economic pressure, is surely far indeed from realising our ideal of the control of their motherhood by Freewomen. Dr. Drysdale appears to see no alternative to enforced annual maternity except enforced limitation; but is there really no safe passage between these two rocks? I think there is, and that we shall find it when we cease to mix up sexlove with the cash-boxes, and with companionship, and housekeeping, and the domestic amenities generally. The fear of over-population might be banished for ever if women were left absolutely free in their sexual relations; and, moreover, this freedom is the only rational method of eugenics, for it could be trusted, through an extreme rigour of selection, to eliminate the racially undesirable. In my view, the sterilisation of young love is one of the most deplorable results of the deadening pressure upon the individual of society and institutions, and it is only by removing this pressure that we shall rescue love from the grip of that "subterranean prudence" which presides at marriages with words that take hold of the upper world, whilst one eye is prowling in the cellar, so that its gravest discourse has a savour of hams and powdering tubs. Isabel Leatham. ®&gt; ® and To the Editors of The Freewoman. Permit me to congratulate you upon your splendid weekly, which in vigour of expression and sheer sufficiency of definition surpasses the work of any magazine with which I am acquainted in England or America. I hope that you will find both sympathy and support from the men and women of the United States. I take pleasure in offering you best wishes. Siena, Italy. Horace Holby. ® ® ®&gt; To the Editors of The Freewoman. I am obliged to Mr. Eric Gill for his explanation. I totally disagree with him. Edmund B. d'Auvergne. @&gt; ® ®&gt; To the Editors of the freewoman. As another obscure member of the W.S.P.U., may I say that I endorse the remarks made by Mrs. Gudini, with the exception of those regarding the necessity of the criticism which has caused this painful and undignified outburst from some of our members? I venture to submit that honest and impartial criticism is never "illtimed and unnecessary," particularly in the case of an organisation like the W.S.P.U., which has so ;few opportunities of obtaining really unbiassed opinions from "outsiders," and I think most of us thoroughly appreciate and give due consideration to such criticisms. In the present case it seems that the real cause of the resentment was that some hot-headed members thought your remarks were intended to be personal, and this inability to distinguish clearly between what is personal and what is impersonal will, I believe, be one of the chief stumbling blocks when women do get the vote, and take up more prominent positions in public life. However, it is a trouble common to both sexes, for many men's organisations could tell tales of the difficulties experienced with members who discovered "personalities" where none were intended, and the rough-and-tumble of public life is the only thing which will cure this. I see in your current issue that you mention that the Union of Men Clerks is demanding a uniform wage. I cannot obtain any information regarding this organisation, and think you must be referring to the National Union of Clerks, which makes the above claim; but I should like to point out that the N.U.C. admits both men and women. Unfortunately, the men members far outnumber the women, and that has probably given rise to the idea that it is a men's union only. The women members feel so strongly the desirability of increasing their numbers that they have recently started a vigorous propaganda campaign amongst their own sex, but so far the results have been somewhat disappointing. To me there is something extraordinary about this fear, which seems to possess many intelligent and well-educated women, who thoroughly understand their work, that if they stand up by their men colleagues and demand equal pay for equal work they will lessen their chances of employment. While I think with Olive Schreiner that we should "take all labour for our province," whether that labour be mending the hosiery beloved of the ribald "anti" or, say, driving a steam engine, I still feel that there are certain spheres of labour in which, for a long time to come, women will be peculiarly successful, quite apart from the question of payment. Clerical work is one of these, and the employer of a staff including both men and women clerks is well aware of the fact, although, for pecuniary reasons, he often tries to "shuffle." To anyone with a sense of humour this shuffling is sometimes extremely funny. A clever woman clerk of my acquaintance sometimes tells, with great gusto, the story of her interview with a prospective employer, who, when she mentioned the salary she required, remarked vehemently, "Good Lord! That's as much as I should pay to a man. I can't think what the dickens you women do with your money. Why, when I was a boy in an office I lived on 5s. a week." She got the berth at the salary she required. If there are any women clerks amongst your readers who would like further information regarding the N.U.C, which offers provision against sickness and unemployment, free legal advice, and has a situation bureau and other benefits, our Hon. Women's Organiser, Miss Mimi Brodie, 40, Burghley Road, Highgate Road, N., will be only too pleased to answer any enquiries. Now, I should just like to say how much I have enjoyed reading The Freewoman. Your articles make people think, whether they agree with the views expressed or not, and that in itself is an achievement. I echo the remark made by an M.P.U.'er recently. "Don't get snuffed out." Go ahead, and please accept the heartiest good wishes for your success from D. E. Dunn, President, Women's League, N.U.C. January 1st, 1912. ® ® ® To the Editors of the freewoman. May I answer briefly the editor's question as to why I wrote (or intended to write) privately? It was because I hoped to modify an attitude which I felt could not but harm our common cause. I regret that I have only helped to embitter that attitude. The waste of time involved in the penning of three or four letters, even though only hurriedly written (on four sides of an ordinary sheet of notepaper) is no light matter to the busy mother of five young children who takes her duties rather seriously. I must add that I really did regard those hurried notes as "chatty," and quite informal! I requested privacy not only on personal grounds, but because I felt that public argument would serve no useful 132 THE FREEWOMAN January 4, 1912 purpose. I thought The Freewoman's space too valuable to be so used. I will say no more on the question of my anonymity, but congratulate the editors on a fine attempt to broaden the sphere of feminism. Will not the editors for their part drop useless criticism, and acknowledge that they have deserved some resentment, or, at any rate, might have taken it more patiently. E. Jacobs. December 27th, 1911. [We are very sorry Mrs. Jacobs' letter was published, especially as we had received much helpful criticism from previous letters, having, in fact, based the "Commentary on Bondwomen" almost entirely upon one of Mrs. Jacobs' letters.—Ed.] @&gt; ® ® To the Editors of The Freewoman. In your last issue, Hesta (through the medium of "A. F. T.") tells us that she is "fed up with playing at love," that is with "the farce of being engaged" and remaining virtuous. She adds that she has been engaged to George for three years, that marriage is a financial impossibility, and she then asks, "if we remain 'straight' of what use is our love to us?" But Hesta omits to tell us what difference to their financial responsibilities union without marriage would make as compared to union with marriage. She assumes children to follow, and this surely means an establishment of their own, in which case the question of finance is precisely the same as if they lived together in an orthodox way. If Hesta and George wish to give up, what Hesta describes as the "anti-natural" long engagement, let them marry in the authorised manner, and have the "courage to live" in the teeth of financial difficulties. Otherwise, people may think that Hesta likes talking unconventionally about thwarted natural instincts, while actually she attaches more importance to ordinary conventions of gentility and social position than to love's fulfilment. Tony Widger, in Stephen Reynolds' "A Poor Man's House," succeeded in saving twenty shillings for his marriage and towards setting up house, and his historian records that "children made no unreasonable delay about coming," and "Aye!" said Tony, "I'd du the same again—though 'twas hard times often." C. J. P. December 30th, 1911. THE "LADY" COMBINED KNIFE and SCISSORS SHARPENER Regd. 542,986. FOR EVERY HOME. Sharpens Carving and other Knives and Scissors. Simple to use. Will last a Lifetime. Price 6 1/2 d. INSTRUCTIONS. Rest the Sharpener on the edge of the table, place Knife alternatively in each end slot, and draw towards you, using slight downwards pressure. For Scissors use the central slot. Scissors require slightly more pressure. Sharpen each blade in turn. THE SHARPENING WHEEL IS MADE OF THE FINEST HARDENED SHEFFIELD STEEL. The "Lady" Sharpener soon saves its cost. ASK YOUR IRONMONGER FOR IT. THE NATIONAL VENDORS' SYNDICATE, 55, CHANCERY LANE, LONDON, W.C. Freewomen and the Birth-Rate. III THE editors of The freewoman having kindly sent me the letters of two lady correspondents which appear in this issue, with an invitation to reply to them, I take the opportunity of doing so in the form of a third article, as the points raised appear to be of considerable importance. Mrs. Leatham apparently thinks that I have wished to shirk the full question of woman's freedom as influenced by the control of maternity, and I will therefore deal with this point first, and afterwards with the extremely important national and imperial question raised by Mrs. Boord. No one realises more than I do the far-reaching effect of voluntary control of maternity upon every detail of the moral code, and especially of the relations of the sexes. But as an evolutionary meliorist rather than a revolutionary optimist, I have been rather concerned to show how rational limitation of motherhood at the wish of women (who ought to have the only say in this matter) can bring about, and is bringing about, an immense improvement in women's position and social conditions, without doing violence to the social fabric, or to those feelings which have become a kind of second nature with a large number of eminently well-intentioned people. One of the greatest and often merited reproofs cast on reformers is that they are destructive rather than constructive, and that they content themselves with denouncing the undoubted defects of the existing order without a clear scheme of a better one, and—more important still—of the means of transition to it without a dangerous upheaval of the stability of society. The rational control of population in quantity and quality is the one and only means whereby a high future ideal can be attained and worked towards without anything of a revolutionary character; and although I am the last to decry the latter when necessity arises, and have been a whole-hearted supporter of the militant Suffrage agitation in all but its last manifestation, I take it that few except fanatics would not welcome anything which brought about improvements in ideals, conduct, and laws, without revolution. So far as I understand Mrs. Leatham (unfortunately I have not now got her previous letter) she feels that the control of the number of children by women who have already entered into the bondage of the Church and State sanctioned marriage tie is only a step towards women's freedom, and a high ideal of sex relationship. In this I perfectly agree with her (although I cannot help thinking that in the case of many poor overburdened mothers this step alone would seem to open the gates of Paradise), but I would point out that it is a step in the direction of attaining the highest ideal she can wish for. As mentioned in my first article, there is no mystery about the present moral code to anyone who understands the population doctrine, and the struggle for existence which must result from uncontrolled numbers, whatever the social system may be. In any society whatsoever which began to adopt means for preserving the lives of its members, it would infallibly have been swamped by numbers within a comparatively short time unless it laid the responsibility for the rearing of children upon their parents. Unfortunately, Nature has put a double disability upon woman as compared with man. Not only is the physical burden of gestation, childbirth, and suckling with its attendant disabilities placed upon her, but—and this is even more importantshe is denied the possibility of secrecy which is granted to man. In natural fact, apart from manmade law, woman is the parent, not because her January 4, 1912 THE FREEWOMAN 133 share in the formation of the child is greater than that of man, but because she is the only parent whose relationship to the child is practically incapable of concealment. However we may loathe the brutality of the marriage and divorce laws and the double moral standard, no system of society whatever can free us from them, while the pressure of numbers forces the State to impose responsibility for children upon their parents, and primarily upon the mother. In this case the economic disability forces the woman to tie a man to her to share the responsibility, and he can only be sure of his paternity, and therefore of his responsibility for the children, if he ensures that his wife can have relations with no one else. Hence the clear reason for the rigidity of the code for women, while the diabolical tortures which society has inflicted on the unmarried mother simply arises fundamentally from the fact that such conduct, if general, would lead to an immense number of women and children who were cast on the community for support. Mrs. Leatham's remarks concerning the abomination of mixing up sex-love with the cash nexus leads me to suppose that she is probably a State Socialist, who is under the impression that motherhood endowment or communistic reorganisation would do away with this unpleasant mixture. I detest it as much as she does, but absolutely and entirely dissent from any idea that any reorganisation of society would have avoided this or the other evils above mentioned. The fundamental fact of human society is that subsistence has always been in arrear of population, and the economic difficulties inseparable therefrom have invaded every department of human life. Love, as the unconscious fons et origo malorum, has of necessity suffered most. As Prof. Huxley has so trenchantly put it, in his "Struggle for Existence in Human Society" :— "Let us be under no illusions then. So long as unlimited multiplication goes on, no social organisation which has ever been devised, or is ever likely to be devised, no fiddle-faddling with the distribution of wealth, will deliver society from the tendency to be destroyed by the reproduction within itself, in its intensest form, of that struggle for existence, the limitation of which is the object of society. And however shocking to the moral sense this eternal competition of man against man, and of nation against nation, may be, however revolting may be the accumulation of misery at the negative pole of society, in contrast with that of monstrous wealth at positive pole, this state of things must abide, and grow continually worse, so long as Istar [i.e., Nature] holds her way unchecked. It is the true riddle of the Sphinx, and every nation which does not solve it will sooner or later be devoured by the monster itself has generated."* I do not know precisely what Mrs. Leatham means when she says I seem to see no alternative between enforced maternity and enforced limitation, but presume that she thinks that really free women would only have a moderate number of children, and refrain from sex-relations except for this purpose. This seems to be the only explanation of her statement that the fear of over-population might be banished for ever if women were left absolutely free in their sexual relations. I quite agree (with John Stuart Mill) that over-population would never occur by the wish of women, but I do sincerely hope that Mrs. Leatham does not thereby * Incidentally I would direct the attention of your correspondent, Mr. C. F. Hunt, of Illinois, who speaks of the "exploded fallacy of Malthus," to this quotation. The Malthusian doctrine of the pressure of unrestricted population upon food has been exploded at regular intervals since its enunciation, but has the unfortunate quality of being bombproof. imply that women as a whole will adopt the doctrine that sex relationship is only for reproduction, which is held by the orthodox theological school and certain ascetics of both sexes. In saying this I can quite understand and sympathise with the feelings of women who have acquired a distaste for the whole of such relations through the rigid deprivation of them during a considerable part of their existence, or the subservience to them which marriage has so often implied. If freewomen in the first glow of their freedom revolt from marriage and sexual life altogether, no one ought to blame them. But I believe that the whole of the ascetic ideas of religions and customs on this subject are simply morbid manifestations of the original difficulty that no distinction could formerly be made between "sex union" and parenthood, and that now, as the full significance of the possible distinction becomes realised, a much more healthy moral and physical tone will pervade both sexes in this matter, and I believe that asceticism will tend to disappear rather than to increase both in women and men. Hinc ille lachrymae Episcoporum. The freedom which women will undoubtedly gain as the birth-rate falls, together with the improved economic conditions, will undoubtedly enable them to choose any kind of union they prefer, and neither the State nor society has the slightest right to interfere or even criticise, as long as any children that are born are of good hereditary quality, free from disease, and are properly looked after. I believe that this may safely be left in the hands of our freewomen. But at the same time a general study of social customs in various countries, and of biology, leads me to the belief that the life-long monogamic union (based on the tie of pure affection and parental responsibility only) will probably be the normal one, and I therefore feel that the limitation of families in the ordinary marriage relation is a very satisfactory beginning towards this end. I fear that I have taken up a great deal of space over what seems a very simple question, and that Mrs. Leatham will feel that I have been again skirting the subject. But the idea that the general knowledge and practice of family limitation must lead to widespread "immorality" and the dissolution of all family ties is so sedulously fostered by clerical representatives of "purity" (in spite of every evidence to the contrary) that I have been at some pains to show that, instead of this being the case, the population doctrine affords a full explanation of, and even some justification for, the old moral code, while giving a means of transition to a state of society in which family life will in the majority of cases remain intact, but in which the external compulsion and the disparity between the sexes will have disappeared. The ideal love is the one which endures for life, and which calls forth the highest mental and physical powers and sympathy, and the neo-Malthusian ideal of marriage does not differ from the highest ideals of the past. All that it professes is to find a means whereby this end can be easily realised instead of being tantalisingly dangled over our heads as unattainable to all but a fortunate few. FEMINIST PUBLISHERS and BOOKSELLERS. A large variety of Books dealing with questions of all kinds affecting WOMEN always in stock. All Books mentioned in this Paper may be obtained at the INTERNAriONAL SUFFRAGE SHOP, 15, ADAM STREET, STRAND, W.C, 134 THE FREEWOMAN January 4, 1912 As to the sterilisation of young love, I would simply point out that there is every physiological reason for believing that the best age for the commencement of maternity is about twenty-five, so that even were there no economic reason for postponement of parenthood, which there must be while the present birth-rate continues, there would still be a desirability of postponement. And I cannot yield from my contention that a few years of the dual life before undertaking parenthood is a much higher ideal than the immediate plunge of inexperienced youth into all the complexities of married and parental life. The relative deficiency of the first-born, about which Prof. Karl Pearson and the eugenists made such a stir a little while back, seems to be very satisfactorily accounted for by maternal immaturity and inexperience, both as regards sexual life, maternity, and treatment of children. All this would be cured by longer preparation for parenthood. Now I come to Mrs. Boord, and thank her most sincerely for her kind remarks. I am, indeed, glad that she has broached the subject to one of the Suffrage organisations, and have no doubt that, if the battle is prolonged, many women will adopt the idea. I hope, however, that next year will see it won. It is with much pleasure that I have read Mrs. Boord's remarks concerning the international aspect of the birth-rate question, as it is one more proof of what I have always contended, that women, however permeated with new ideas, and however they may suffer from excessive maternity, will never let their self-interest stand in the way of what they believe to be the interest of the community. May I be permitted, however, as one who has made a special study of this subject, to reassure her, and to state definitely that there is no fear whatever that the declining birth-rate will weaken the strength of the nation. This is one of the fictions which militarists and the governing classes generally foster to keep the masses, and especially women, down. The opinion is naturally strongest in Germany at present, and only two months ago I gave a lecture before a large public gathering in Dresden, pointing out that the idea that high birthrates were a source of great military strength was a complete and dangerous fallacy. It is not the births but the survivors that count, and it is not only the number of survivors but the proportion fit for service, as well as their intelligence and training, the armaments, and the reserve of capital for carrying on war. What show did the 400 millions of China or the 100 millions of Russia make against the 50 millions of Japan?* According to the much-despised doctrine of Malthus, as more life is continually being produced than food, the surplus must die, and the increase of numbers does not depend upon the birth-rate at all (as long as this is above a certain minimum value), but upon the capability of the country for increasing its own food supply, or of getting food from other countries in exchange for its products. The natural death-rate of a country in which there were no economic difficulties would not be greater than 10 per 1,000, t and if the increase of food were about 1 per cent, or another 10 per 1,000 per annum (as is the case in our own country), this means that the country can support a birth-rate of 20 per 1,000, and that any excess above this is pure waste—and worse, as it only means starvation, disease, and physical deterioration among the survivors, as well as the death of the surplus. I can imagine the pitying smile of those who believe that Malthus has been "exploded" at this deduction. The only unfortunate thing is that the more thoroughly one studies the vital statistics of various countries (and vital statistics, be it remembered, are not liable to the errors of most others), the more convinced does one become that it is true; and every year's figures, instead of "exploding" the Malthusian theory, help to establish its absolute incontrovertibility. Take the worst case of all, France, the "dying nation" which is to be an easy prey, owing to its nearly stationary population. This is always supposed to be due to its very low birth-rate (now a little under 20 per 1,000). According to the official "Annuaire Statistique," the average birthrate for the five years 1901-06 was 21.1, and the death-rate 19.6 per 1,000, giving a difference or natural increase of 1.5 per 1,000, which is very low. But the same book gives us the birth and death rates in 1781-84, before the Revolution and the fall of the birth-rate, from which we see that the birthrate was 38.9 per 1,000 (a figure higher than has ever been recorded in our country). But what was the increase of population? The death-rate was no less than 37 per 1,000, giving an increase of only 1.9 per 1,000, or hardly higher than at the present time. In other words, a birth-rate which was 18 per 1,000 higher, instead of producing a greater increase, simply meant a 17.5 per 1,000 higher death-rate. There is no reason to suppose that France would gain a single individual by any increase in the birthrate at present, or that she will be in any way weakened numerically by a further considerable drop in her birth-rate. * Japan has, until recently, had one of the lowest birthrates (26 per 1,000), while Russia had the highest birth-rate in Europe (49 per 1,000). See Registrar-General's Reports. t This bas been the case in New Zealand, part of Australia, and—until the recent rise of the birth-rate—in Canada. Flannelette. If purchasers of this useful material for Underwear all the year round would buy the best English make, which can be obtained from all leading Drapers, they would avoid the risks they undoubtedly run with the inferior qualities of Flannelette. Horrockses' Flannelettes (made by the manufacturers of the celebrated Longcloths, Twills, and Sheetings) are the best. "HORROCKSES" stamped on selvedge every five yards. Awarded the Certificate of The Incorporated Institute of Hygiene. January 4, 1912 THE FREEWOMAN 135 This is only one instance, but anyone who likes to turn up the tables of International Vital Statistics given in our Registrar-General's reports will find that out of the twenty-nine countries there tabulated the vast majorities confirm the truth of the statement that the death-rate of a country rises and falls with its birth-rate, and that therefore high birth-rates are not of the slightest value in increasing the population. As regards our own Empire, India, with the highest birth-rate (about 48 per 1,000), has the lowest rate of increase (2.4 per 1,000 in the last decade), while New Zealand, with a birth-rate of only 26 per 1,000, has an increase of no less than 16 per 1,000, owing to its low death-rate. On the quality side, the high birth-rate shows up even worse. It means bad economic conditions, bad feeding, and bad housing, and with it physical deterioration. Germany, whose recent and rapid industrial development enables it at present to sustain the rapid increase of about 14 per 1,000 per annum (birth-rate 32, death-rate 18), could have just as rapid an increase if her birth-rate were reduced by 8 per 1,000, and this superfluity is not only responsible for the death of 350,000 infants each year, but the physical deterioration is terrible. An official report of the German Government states that the recruiting efficiency of Hamburg is now only 42 per cent., and of Berlin 39 per cent, of its proper value. On the other hand, the recruiting efficiency of France, with its low birth-rate, is slowly but steadily rising, and, according to a German officer, Lt.-Col. von Bremen,* the accessions to the French Army between 1870 and 1907 were 195,000, as against the German 183,000. Mr. Hilaire Belloc t and others have recently informed us that the intelligence, training, and armament of the French Army is superior to that of the German forces, and Germany, by her need of expansion and economic rivalry, is setting all other nations against her, while France is capable of supporting herself within her own borders, and can hold out the hand of friendship and alliance to other nations, and help the establishment of universal peace—the dream of women, which they can realise when they will. High birth-rates force nations into war, but weaken them for it. Low birth-rates strengthen them for defence, but remove cause for offence. This seems a curious question to discuss in a feministic journal, but it is indeed well that women should show that they do "think imperially," whatever Lords Cromer and Curzon may say; and the more they do so the more will they nail to the counter that infamous and puerile falsehood that the good of the nation and Empire demand the sacrifice of women to unlimited maternity, and of humanity in general to the horrible economic struggle. Even if it were so, as the present conditions mean that half the marriageable women are unmarried, the present or even a higher birth-rate would be maintained with much smaller families if this were put right. What have the imperial thoughts of Lord Curzon and Lord Cromer taught them on this question? Less than nothing. And yet they have the unparalleled effrontery to lecture women on their place in the nation. I can assure Mrs. Boord and all other truly patriotic and imperially minded women that they need not have the slightest fear that their emancipation from excessive maternity will have anything but good results for their country and Empire, and I, for one, am perfectly satisfied to confide an equal control, at least of imperial matters, to the Freewoman. C. V. DRYSDALE. * Illustrierte Zeitung, June 30th, 1907. t London Magazine, October and November, 1911. Feminism Under the Republic and the Early Empire. v. WE will now glance rapidly at the types of women produced by the system to the portrayal of which we have devoted our previous articles. Let us first turn to the "virtuous" women, to the women at whom no male historian has thrown a stone with any particular vigour. We must, perforce, remind our readers at the outset that the merely virtuous woman does not seem to interest the historian to any special degree, and herein lies the secret of the truth of the theory that the best woman has no history. She has, in fact, bored the historian. He finds no use for her in his pages. The eccentricities and excesses of a Clodia exercise his mind, excite his interest, exorcise the stern moralist within him, and put him into a glow of literary execution. So do not the Marcias and Tullias of history. They may be happy if he stays in passing to commend them as women "of good character," in which lukewarm manner Plutarch actually speaks of the long-suffering Marcia. From the numbers of women whose lives were accounted irreproachable, and it is a mistake to suppose that even at the nadir of Roman morality there were not many such, we can only select those who, by some special chance of fortune, some accident of birth, or some unusual event, were brought forcibly before the public eye. There would appear to be one way by which the natural capacities of a Roman matron might become appreciated, and that was by the early loss of her husband. Of all the women of the later Republic, Cornelia, the mother of the Gracchi, and Aurelia, the mother of Julius Caesar, are singled out for warm praise by writers of the period. Both these women lost their husbands early, and consequently both were responsible for the upbringing of their children—with what results we know. "The Mother of the Gracchi" is one of our familiar phrases, while Cornelia's mighty son made her the confidante of his ambitions and the guardian of his home. Cornelia would appear to have been the greater personality of the two. She stood between the old Rome and the new, and she united in her person the best qualities of the women of each. With the severe virtues of the matron of old times she blended the love of literature, of art, and of culture, which the new Greek learning had brought to Rome. Her letters were extant in the time of Cicero, and were accounted models of style and eloquence by that great letter-writer. It was accorded on all hands that her sons owed their accomplishments, virtues, ambitions, and eloquence to her training and example. She herself the daughter of Scipio Africanus, the conqueror of Hannibal, her daughter the wife of Scipio the Younger, the destroyer of Carthage, her sons willing to die the death of patriots, she stands out as the most gallant woman's figure in an age which had not yet ceased to be heroic. On the deaths of 136 THE FREEWOMAN January 4, 1912 her two sons she retired to Misenum, and here, surrounded by literati of all descriptions, she lived to an honoured old age. With what appears to be curious inconsistency, the Romans united in lauding her intellectual attainments to the skies; kings in alliance with the Roman nation sent her presents; she was idolised by the people, and exercised an influence which only ceased with her death. To the daughters of the Scipios, however, much might be conceded; they were licensed by accident of birth to follow their inclinations; the Roman mind could conceive in them nothing that was not admirable. It is interesting to notice that other women of this family made use of their freedom to turn their attentions to intellectual attainments. The daughter of another Scipio married Pompey the Great. She is depicted as both beautiful and learned; skilled in music, literature, geometry, and philosophy. Terentia, specially interesting to us as the wife of Cicero, seems—in spite of the attempt of Plutarch to paint her as a mercenary virago—to have been the typically domesticated woman of her period. Both she and her daughter appear to have had no attainments which might cause them to be of moment to the historian. Probably such were neither expected nor desired of either. Marcia, the wife of Cato the Younger, has already been depicted as remarkable for longsuffering, while Octavia, the wife of Antony, is almost unpleasantly antetypical of Griselda. A saving flash of healthy indignation at the treatment meted out to her by the husband who deserted her for Cleopatra, leaving her to rear her own children and those of his former wife, Fulvia, and to collect money and soldiers for his campaign against Octavianus, would, we confess, have endeared her to us more than all the meekness and docility with which this "wonder of a woman" awaited the good pleasure of her recreant partner. However, she has her reward, presumably, in the admiration of every historian, ancient and modern, who has ever had occasion to mention her story. Shakespeare has relieved all future ages of the task of "placing" Portia, the wife of Brutus, therefore we need make no comment. Side by side with the strong-minded but approved Aurelius and Cornelias, the submissive and humble Marcias and Octavias, or the commonplace and conventional Terentias and Pomponias, we have to place the New Woman of the age. We shall find it somewhat difficult to do her justice, for we have nothing to guide us but the acrimonious invective of contemporary historians, and of modern writers, who one and all follow in their wake. Clodia—" Quadrantaria," as she was nick-named from her habit of despising her patrician rank, and frequenting the "Half-Farthing" baths of the city —sprung as she was from a reckless and desperate line, was herself of a headlong, daring, and resolute character. To her to conceive a plan was to put it into execution, in spite of all obstacles. After an unhappy early marriage, arranged for her, we naturally suppose, in the customary way, and therefore little likely to sort with her original and eccentric character, she threw off all the restraints imposed by conventionality and by public opinion, already turned against her by the never-proved suspicion of having poisoned her husband, and determined to live her own life as she chose, unhampered by any restriction, moral or social, A clever and, quite probably, highly unscrupulous scheme of revenge against one of her lovers, the worthless Caelius, broke down through the eloquence of Cicero, who took that opportunity of depicting the lady in the colours of which none other has ever possessed the secret. Accordingly we are obliged to abandon our hope of getting a clear view of the mental make-up of Clodia, for the well-known methods of the orator resulted in branding her as everything that was abominable. Among "new women" the political woman was prominent. Sempronia, the wife of Decimus Brutus, will ever have her name connected with Cataline's conspiracy, to which Sallust informs us she was a party, not forgetting at the same time to censure her as being "a woman who had committed many crimes with the spirit of a man,. .. skilled in Greek and Roman literature,. .. she could play and dance more elegantly than became a virtuous woman," and so on We glean that Sempronia was a woman whose opinion on the political situation was worthy to be studied, and who had sufficient courage and enterprise, even though it was perhaps misdirected in this instance, to lend her house, her husband being absent, for the purpose of forwarding the conspiracy. In seeking about for something to take the place of the ever-refused ballot, Roman women found it in that species of back-stairs influence, which masculine politicians all with one accord have ever recommended to them, and which was considered legitimate even by the stern Cato, who exclaimed, as we have already heard, "Are your blandishments more seducing in public than in private, and with other women's husbands than your own?" Accordingly we get the rise of the political salon, and the growth of that powerful influence suggested by the words of Hortensia, when she assured the triumvirs that she had first sought out their female relations, but that, having been repulsed by Fulvia, Antony's wife, she was perforce obliged to beard the triumvirs themselves. This Fulvia, the wife of Antony, has brought upon her head the strongest invectives from historians—" a woman," says Velleius Paterculus, "in whom there was nothing feminine but her body." Yet she had some qualities which have been lauded to the skies when they were found in the person of Octavia, her meek successor, for after a passionate youth, during which she converted Rome into a pandemonium by her words to the populace on the murder of her husband Clodius, rousing such a frenzy of excitement among her hearers that they carried off the body and pulled down the Curia Hostilia as a funeral pyre for that all unworthy corpse, she attached herself to Antony with fervour and faithfulness. His enemies were hers. The tongue of the dead Cicero she pierced with her bodkin. Had it not spoken the Philippics against her husband? For a long time she had immense influence over the wayward Antony, and, accordingly, during that time she was an important factor in the background of political affairs. Later, her husband was drawn away from her by the attractions of Cleopatra, while she was left behind to fight his battles with Octavius, to review his troops, sword on side, and to influence the consular rule. She strove in all ways to induce Antony to return to her. Even the revolution in Italy, which may be attributed to her influence, was no doubt January 4, 1912 THE FREEWOMAN 137 intended in part as a means of drawing him back to his country, though, we may naturally suppose, that sheer love of adventure and intrigue for its own sake may have played some part in such a woman's schemes. However that may have been, her only reward was a bitter censure from Antony, whom she met at Athens, and so broken would appear to have been her fierce and passionate spirit, by this treatment on the part of the man to whom she was attached, that she died shortly afterwards at Sicyon, B.C. 40. This use of "personal influence" so strongly recommended to women as a fit sphere for their political energies by all politicians in all ages, is more easily practised under a monarchy or an empire than in a republic. The reason is obvious. The king or emperor may be approached in his own person, and a wife or mistress of such may thus sway the monarchy or the empire. What cause for complaint has Mentor if the woman following his advice wins more power, and that of quite another kind, than he bargained for? Livia, the wife of Octavius, was such a woman. For fifty years she influenced her husband's rule, and Tacitus tells the story of how she won the throne for her son Tiberius (the offspring of her earlier marriage) by more than doubtful means, in which the deaths of several nearer heirs were involved. A shrewder female politician than Livia was Agrippina, daughter by adoption of Tiberius, mother of Nero, sister of Caligula, and wife of Claudius. An astonishing collection of masculine relatives truly! She managed her husband Claudius as she would. She it was who procured the appointment or dismissal of state officers, who established colonies in her own name, who, seated on a second throne, received, in common with Claudius, the homage of the captured Briton Caractacus. With Agrippina, as with Livia, her main aim was to advance her son, and all other considerations paled before this to the extent of leading her to commit similar crimes to those attributed to Livia. Both equally experienced the misery of being rewarded later by the bitter enmity of their sons. These women were the wives of the men they "influenced," but what of the women who, bound by no legal tie, yet swayed, for longer or shorter periods, the policies of statesmen? Thus the proud patrician, Lucullus, seeking a foreign command, was compelled to approach Cethegus, the leader of the strongest political coterie of the day, through the statesman's mistress Praecia, whose word gave or took away such appointments. Fulvia, having induced her lover, Quintus Curius, to divulge his secret, betrayed the Catilinarian conspiracy to Cicero. Cytheris accompanied Antony on his official progress through Italy during the rule of the triumvirate. The list is unending. Such women would appear to have avenged themselves for a life which they probably felt rather than knew to be maimed and distorted, by causing the proud Romans thus to sue through them for the favours or the secrets of their lovers. And so down the scale to the degenerate days of the Julias, the Poppaeas, and the Messalinas. Amid degradation women were also degraded. Threatened punishment for vice was met by the public proclamation of themselves as prostitutes, after which they were immune, or by the prompt and undreaded suicide, which is so frequent an occurrence among women in the days of the Empire, and which goes to show the profound underlying wretchedness of those who, belonging to the sex which has the stronger hold on life, yet found death so easy a way out. It would be a worthless and unprofitable task to proceed to a description of the depths of depravity attained by Roman women of the periods of Tiberius and Caligula, Claudius and Nero. Rather we will conclude our series of articles by making some attempt to account for the degeneration of the Roman woman from the state of high and heroic virtue, while yet she was subject to her husband, in the earlier days of the Republic, to the pitiful degradation of her days of comparative freedom. Amy Haughton. (To be continued.) Biscuits! READING is about as far South as industrialism has penetrated. Notoriously apathetic to questions affecting the condition of the workers, the inhabitants of the South of England depend for their existence upon the presence of the rich. The entire countryside is suburban in its atmosphere for at least fifty miles round London, while many places, such as Petworth and Arundel, are still overshadowed by great castles, giving them all the appearance and character of places where feudalism still prevails. No doubt this has some influence upon the spirit of the people, and the geographical position of Reading has a great deal to do with the grievous conditions of labour to be found there. It is a kind of overflow from London; the substratum of its inhabitants is formed by the continual influx of the destitute who wander out from London along the Great Bath Road. A mass of the very cheapest labour is always to hand. Add to this the almost complete powerlessness of South countrymen to rebel, and we possess the explanation of why Reading is at least seventy years behind the times in labour organisation. A year or two ago a number of Socialists were victimised at Huntley and Palmer's factory. It made only a flash in the pan—the time was not yet. Last autumn six men came out from Serpell's factory, demanding 1s. a week rise on their wages of 15s. and 16s.! Their failure and dismissal gave rise to several trade union demonstrations and the formation of branches of the Gasworkers' and General Labourers' Union and the Federation of Women Workers. During the labour troubles of last autumn the foremen at the factory were given instructions to do nothing to aggravate or harass the "hands." The big Christmas rush was coming on, and trouble then would have been disastrous—for Huntley and Palmer's. The "short" time during the greater part of the year is usually, to some extent, equalised by overtime during the months preceding Christmas, but this is small compensation for the frightful strain and overwork; and when, after the rush is over, the annual shortening of hands takes place, there are always a good many of the world's biscuit-makers brought to the point of physical exhaustion, as well as worried by the prospect of unemployment besides. Just before Christmas some temporary hands and about 100 persons "whose 'loyalty' the firm could not rely upon" were summarily dismissed. The distress and suffering of the women victims is particularly great, all the greater, in fact, because so unexpected. In reply to the charges made against them, the firm have stated that membership of the unions had nothing to do with the dismissals—the work of those dismissed had been unsatisfactory. But the 138 THE FREEWOMAN January 4, 1912 circumstances connected with their dismissal, and the fact that they were originally charged with disloyalty, and not incompetence, gives the lie to the firm's statement. In the cases of the men, thirty years and more have they "loyally" served their masters, while it has taken the firm twelve to fourteen years to find out the incompetence of some of the women! It is well known that, since the formation of the unions, foremen have questioned both men and women as to their membership, and dismissal has been the usual result. The biscuit trade is an instance of the invasion of an industry by women. At one time there were comparatively few women employed in Huntley and Palmer's; now there are thousands. The monopoly of the biscuit trade held by this firm has gradually been threatened, and so "speeding-up" and female labour at abominably low wages have been introduced in order to maintain the enormous profits. The women's wages are about half those paid to the men. No wonder that men resent the competition of women in the labour market! However much feminists may desire the economic independence of women, the gross exploitation of women in factories can do nothing but complicate all the problems they are out to settle. The wages of the workers of Reading are, on the whole, so hopelessly inadequate that the men are unable even to keep their football club on a sound financial footing; much less is their spending power sufficient to provide the men with strong, healthy bodies and the women with that independence necessary for development into strong mothers of healthy citizens. In this neglected corner of the industrial field there is a flickering hope, born of the idea of the sympathetic strike and the added power of the boycott. The well-affected of the British Public will respond to the latter, if awakened to the serious nature of the struggle, and, undoubtedly, we have here a case for the sympathetic strike. The manufacture of biscuits, as of other things, depends on the efforts of other people besides a board of directors, with their managers and bullies; even the capital they possess in the form of buildings, machinery, chimneys, and railway sidings is helpless of itself to produce one single biscuit. Miners, sailors, dockers, railway-men, farmers, and cowkeepers are all needed for the great work of finding biscuits for the public and profits for biscuit manufacturers. They could very soon insist upon proper treatment for the men and women in Reading. Besides, as it happens, some of the above form the most enlightened section of the public in this respect, and they know what their duty to their neighbour is, even if other sections of the public are still in ignorance of it. Not the least disgusting incident of this dispute is the failure of Sir Rufus Isaacs to be in any real sense a "representative." By his action he has shown himself to be merely a "politician" and a philanthropist. Sir Rufus at first expressed his sympathy with the victims, and upheld the right of the workers to combine. He wrote to and saw the directors, who, in answer to his questions, made entirely contradictory statements to those made by the victims as to conditions of labour, wages, and the reasons for dismissal. Without going further into the matter he sent £10 for the relief of distress, and declined to have anything more to do with the agitation! He refused to bring pressure to bear in Parliament because his department has nothing to do with the inclusion of fair wage clauses in Government contracts. He needs reminding that he is member for the Borough of Reading as well as an office-holder. The rejoinder of the directors is simply being laughed at in Reading. Their averages as to health and wages, and the tale that men and women can easily "touch" the directors for a rise, simply provokes mirth wherever and whenever they are alluded to. One well-known clergyman, when he had read Huntley and Palmer's statements, said: "When I read that,. .. I thought it was nearly time I stepped in and gave a little hand in fighting this matter out." Another wrote to an official of the Union, "I wish you all success. We know that in our churches we have to feed the children of Huntley and Palmer's workmen, and the firm's statements are ridiculous." Sir Rufus Isaacs knows perfectly well the horrible conditions under which thousands of his constituents live and work. It will soon become impossible to defend this double standard of loyalty and truth— one for the employer and another for the employed. The worker is no more an interested party than his employer, and he has every right to expect his word to be regarded as true, especially as there are so many of him, and all the local conditions point to his statements being true. We will admit the need exists for him or her to give loyally eight, ten, fifteen, or twenty shillingsworth of work, as the case may be, but then he has a right, nay, a duty, to demand loyalty from his "representative," and from the public, for whom he makes biscuits, and from his employers, for whom he makes profits. We do not forget that G. W. Palmer is a wealthy Liberal supporter and ornament of Sir Rufus Isaac's platforms. Neither do we forget that the Liberal majority last time was reduced to 99! K. D. Scott. If you do not already subscribe to " THE FREEWOMAN," or should you experience difficulty in obtaining your copy regularly from your Newsagent or Bookstall, we suggest that you kindly fill in the form attached and post it to us without delay. TERMS OF SUBSCRIPTION.—Post free to any address in the Postal Union. Twelve months, 14s.; six months, 7s.; three months, 3s. 6d. To STEPHEN SWIFT and CO., Ltd., 10, John Street, Adelphi, London, W.C. Dear Sirs, Please enter my name as a subscriber to "THE FREEWOMAN" for months, commencing with issue dated..........................................Cheque or P.O. enclosed for:: herewith. Name Address January 4, 1912 THE FREEWOMAN 139 A Vindication. From end to end of the great city I wandered, Through the busy highways, the green open spaces, And the crowded alleys of the East. I watched the surging tide of life that roared Through its straight channels, triumphant, inevitable. And I heard the grating of the human pebbles Dragged to annihilation in the backwash. The great procession of the night passed by, Grim tragedy, beneath a painted smile; Heaven and earth's great mystery—Sex— Bartered for gold. I entered the homes of the West End and the suburbs, And everywhere was the eternal triangle, A woman loved by two men, a man Torn between wife and mistress; Everywhere marriages broken in spirit or letter, And marriage itself a cankering fetter of steel. Then crying a curse on sex as a plague that destroyeth the world, I fled to the woods, where wild hyacinths Spread passionate arms to caress me, And faint pink sheaths dropped from new budded beeches As they bent to the kiss of the wind. Then I slept. And I dreamed that there stood by me A radiant figure haloed with rosy light. He said, "O woman, the wrath of the great world powers Has fallen on thee. Thou hast sundered thyself from the universe; Thou hast called down a curse upon sex, The wonderful gift of the gods." Then there rose to my lips the world-old cry Of the baffled sensualist. "Bad is two-sexed upon earth"! He answered, "Not so; for beauty is good, though daily She is dragged through the mire by the artists, And good is intellect, though all too often Bound to the wheel of the despot's chariot. So when passion thou seest the cause Of misery intolerable, remember 'Tis but passion distorted, enslaved, Held fast in the clutches of gold. Great music quickened by a master's touch, The scent of crushed bog-myrtle and sedges shivering at the water's edge, Silvered by moonlight; winds that sob in the pinewoods; Love's wild ecstasies, with all that moves men deeply, Are parts of nature's mighty unity, And in their essence good. But sex is not the whole, and there have mortals erred. Your women have been held for centuries With wings close sheared of the mind and the soul, Taught cringing submission as servants, not masters of sex. The sons they bore, like themselves, grew shrivelled and warped Beneath the tyrant's yoke. But give back sunlight and air and wide open spaces, Give back freedom to woman—to her who is fleet of foot, To her who is nimble of brain! She will grow like the trees of the forest, following the law of her being In strength and largeness of thought. Her warm flesh shall be tanned by the sun, Her sinews strung like the cord to the bow; She shall be supple limbed, pulsing with vigorous life, And the clash of brain upon brain shall mark her the equal of man. Together the mysteries of life and death shall man and woman attempt, And wrestling, snatch from the heart of the world The vibrant passionate joy of mortals who struggle and yearn. Side by side in the whirl of the world, in the roar and clangour of cities, As comrades and large-hearted friends they shall work out the race's salvation. But the thrill of the body magnetic, and the answer of soul unto soul Shall remain as long as body and soul endure. For these are the essence of love: and the triumph of passion is this, When freed from bondage to gold—to be wedded to beauty and love." The figure vanished, glowing in clouds of rose. And I woke. The first slant beam of the sunrise Stole through the dusky air, paling the stars. From the leafy twilight of the beech-trees A thrush poured forth his early morning song. Muriel Nelson d'Auvergne. A BOOK FOR MARRIED WOMEN. By DR. ALLINSON. The information contained in this book ought to be known by every married woman, and it will not harm the unmarried to read. The book is conveniently divided into twelve chapters. The first chapter treats of the changes ofpuberty, or when a girl becomes a woman. The second chapter treats of marriage from a doctor's standpoint; points out the best ages for marriage, and who should have children and who not, and furnishes useful information that one can ordinarily get only from an intelligent doctor. The third chapter treats of the marriage of blood relations; and condemns such marriages as a rule. Chapter fcur treats of the signs of pregnancy. The fifth chapter tells how a woman should live during the pregnant state. The sixth chapter treats of mishaps and how to avoid them. The seventh chapter treats of material impressions, and shows that birth marks are not due to longings on the part of the mother, but rather to her poor health. The eighth chapter teaches how to have easy confinements. Certain people believe that women should bring forth in pain and trouble, but the hygienic physician says that confinements can be made comparatively easy if certain rules are obeyed; these rules are given. The ninth chapter treats of the proper management of confinements until the baby is born. The tenth chapter tells how to treat the mother until she is up and about again. The eleventh chapter treats of sterility; gives the main causes of it, how these may be overcome and children result. The last chapter treats of the "change," a most important article for all women over forty. The book is full of useful information, and no book is written which goes so thoroughly into matters relating to married women. Some may think too much is told; such can scarcely be the case, for knowledge is power and the means of attaining happiness. The book can be had in an envelope from Dr. T. R. Allinson, 381, Room, 4, Spanish Place, Manchester Square, London, W., in return for a Postal Order for 1s. 2d. "THE POSITION OF WOMEN IN 1912." By Miss MURIEL MATTERS. See Special Article in the "CHRISTIAN COMMONWEALTH of Wednesday, January 3rd. PRICE ONE PENNY. Order of your Newsagent. "The Christian Commonwealth," 133, Salisbury Square, Fleet Street, E.C. 140 THE FREEWOMAN January 4, 1912 NEW YEAR NOVELS THE WOMAN WITHOUT SIN By PHARALL SMITH Original and full of force, this novel, containing as it does those elements of bigness so rare in these days, is a refreshing change to the ordinary run of fiction. With a pen which is as powerful as it is restrained, the writer attacks convention and upholds his own ideas of freedom between the sexes. In this book the author has handled a difficult subject with the utmost of delicacy consistent with perfect frankness. While telling his story fearlessly, he does so without sensationalism. With nobility of manner and passionate sincerity he relates one of the sordid tragedies common to our great cities, but the story is told with such reserve and such impartiality that the zeal of the sociologist is never allowed to destroy the delicacy of the artist. DAUGHTERS OF ISHMAEL By REGINALD WRIGHT KAUFFMAN With a Preface by JOHN MASEFIELD THE REVOKE OF JEAN RAYMOND By MAY FORD An interesting story of the psychological development of the modern woman. The problem of marriage is presented at a new angle, and treated with the touch of modernity. A character more interesting it would be difficult to find. Never before have Germans, from a social standpoint, been written about with so much insight, or their manners and habits described with such delicious naivete and minute skill. IN A GERMAN PENSION By KATHERINE MANSFIELD "Mr. Stephen Swift seems to be identifying himself with most of the coming men and women of brain and intellect. "—the tatler. LOVE IN MANITOBA By A. WHARTON GILL The writer has opened a fresh field of fiction, and has presented a striking picture of life in the Swedish settlements of Western Canada. The author is intimately acquainted with the life of these colonists, and has studied his characters on the spot, while his local colour is in every way admirable. This is the second novel by the octogenarian author. The vitality of the work is nothing less than wonderful, having regard to the author's age. The BOSBURY PEOPLE By ARTHUR RANSOM "The motto adopted by Stephen Swift Co. is certainly being lived up to; their books really do 'compel,5 and are obviously carefully chosen. Their list contains books which many publishers would not have had the courage to publish—unconventional, daring, outspoken and fearless. They are among books what the Little Theatre plays are among the dead husks produced at popular theatres."—Acadermy. Send a Postcard for "BOOKS THAT COMPEL," post free from STEPHEN SWIFT and CO., LTD., 10, John Street, Adelphi, London, W.C. Printed by Hazell, Watson and Viney. Ld., 4-8, Kirby Street, Hatton Garden, London, E.C.; and Published weekly for the Proprietors at the Office, 10, John Street, Adelphi, London, W.C.