The Crisis THE CRISIS MARCH 1915 "Out of the House of Bondage" The latest and greatest book from the pen of PROFESSOR KELLY MILLER "N o man of his race has so sure a power of prunning falacies with passionless intellectual severity."—Boston Transcript. "The man searches deeply into underlying causes."—St. Joseph, Mo., News-Press. " A philosophic treatise."—Charlotte, N. C , Observer. "N o student of social conditions of America at the present time will want to fail to see it on his shelves."—Southern Workman. 242 Pages. Price $1.50. Agents Wanted Everywhere Address: Prof. KELLY MILLER, Howard University Washington, D. C. A Life of NORRIS WRIGHT CUNEY By MAUD CUNEY HARE (His Daughter) Would you like to read about a red-blooded man who was one of the great leaders of Negro Americans? Would you like to inspire your children with the life of this "Tribune of the Black People"? 250 pages. Postpaid, $1.50. Best terms to agents. THE CRISIS 70 Fifth Avenue New York City Mention TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS A RECORD OF THE DARKER RACES PUBLISHED MONTHLY BY THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE, AT 70 FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK CITY Conducted by W. E. BURGHARDT DU BOIS AUGUSTUS GRANVILLE DILL, Business Manager Contents Copyrighted, 1915, by the National Association (or the Advancement or Colored People Contents for March, 1915 PICTURES COVER DESIGN. Photographed from Life. By L. H. Miner. Page ERNEST EVERETT JUST. Spingarn Medalist 248 ARTICLES THE WHITE WITCH. A Poem. By James Weldon Johnson 239 LINCOLN. By T. J. Calloway 240 AN OLD FOLKS' HOME 242 AN OPEN WINDOW. By Agnes P. Berry, M. D 244 PAEAN. A Poem. By Otto L. Bohanan 245 DEPARTMENTS COLOR LINE — 215 MEN OF THE MONTH 221 OPINION 225 EDITORIAL 235 THE BURDEN 250 TEN CENTS A COPY; ONE DOLLAR A YEAR FOREIGN SUBSCRIPTIONS TWENTY-FIVE CENTS EXTRA RENEWAL S : When a subscription blank is attached to this page a renewal of your subscription is desired. The date of the expiration of your subscription will be found on the wrapper. CHANGE OF ADDRESS: The address of a subscriber can be changed as often as desired. In ordering a change of address, both the old and the new address must be given. Two weeks' notice is required. MANUSCRIPT S and drawings relating to colored people are desired. They must be accompanied by return postage. If found unavailable they will be returned. Entered as Second-class Matter in the Post Office at New York. N. Y. 212 THE CRISIS Atlanta University Is beautifully located in the City of Atlanta, Ga. The courses of study include High School, Normal School and College, with manual training and domestic science. Among the teachers are graduates of Yale, Harvard, Dartmouth and Wellesley. Forty-five years of successful work have been completed. Students come from all parts of the South. Graduates are almost universally successful. For further information address President EDWARD T. WARE ATLANTA, GA. Knoxville College Beautiful Situation. Healthful Location. The Best Moral and Spiritual Environment. A Splendid Intellectual Atmosphere. Noted for Honest and Thorough Work. Offers full courses in the following departments: College, Normal, High School, Grammar School and Industrial. Good water, steam heat, electric lights, good drainage. Expenses very reasonable. Opportunity for self-help. Fall Term Began September, 1914. For information address President R. W. McGRANAHAN KNOXVILLE, TENN. The Agricultural and Mechanical College Maintained by the governments of North Carolina and of the United States. Open all the year round. For males only. Fall term began September 1, 1914. Board, lodging and tuition, $7 per month. Best opportunities for Negro youth. Night school for indigent but ambitious young men. For catalog or further information, address PRESIDENT DUDLEY A. &amp; M. College Greensboro, N. C. ADVERTISER MOREHOUSE COLLEGE (Formerly Atlanta Baptist College) ATLANTA, GA. College, Academy, Divinity School An institution famous within recent years for its emphasis on all sides of manly development—the only institution in the far South devoted solely to the education of Negro young men. Graduates given high ranking by greatest northern universities. Debating, Y. M. C. A, athletics, all live features. For information address JOHN HOPE, President ST. MARY'S SCHOOL An Episcopal boarding and day school for girls, under the direction of the Sisters of St Mary. Address: THE SISTER-IN-CHARGE 611 N. 43d St. W . Philadelphia, Pa. AVOID BAD SCHOOLS Educate your children at home under our expert teachers Courses for Adults Pupils received at any time. Write to Educational Extension School, Box 3194 Station F, Washington, D. C. Highly Endorsed. Financially Responsible. WILEY UNIVERSITY MARSHALL, TEXAS Recognized as a college of the First Class by Texas and Louisiana State Boards of Education. Harvard, Yale and Columbia represented on its faculty; students gath ered from ten different states. Strongest Music Department in the West M. W. DOGAN, President FISK UNIVERSITY NASHVILLE, TENN. Founded 1866 C. W . MORROW, Dean Thorough Literary, Scientific, Educational and Social Science Courses. Pioneer in Negro music. Special study in Negro history. Ideal and sanitary buildings and grounds. Well-equipped Science building. Christian home life. High standard of independent manhood and womanhood. Mention TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER The National Religious Training School "I CORDIALLY commend the school's interest and needs to all who believe in the Negro race and in our obligation to help promote its intellectual, moral and religious uplift." —REV. DR. CHARLES H. PARKHURST, New York City. IT IS MORE THAN A MERE SCHOOL IT IS A COMMUNITY OF SERVICE AND UPLIFT Its influence is destined to be felt in all sections of the country in improved Negro community life wherever our trained workers locate. Settlement workers, missionaries for home and foreign mission fields, Y. M. C. A. and Y. W. C A. secretaries and district nurses receive a comprehensive grasp of their studies under a Wellesley graduate and experienced co-workers and actual every-day practice through the school's SOCIAL SERVICE DEPARTMENT. W e aim also to create a better qualified ministry. Industrial training, advanced literary branches, business school. Thirty-two acres; ten modern buildings; healthful location. W e can accommodate a few more earnest, ambitious students. Communities requiring social workers should write us. For catalog and detailed information address: PRESIDENT JAMES E. SHEPARD National Religious Training School Durham, N. C The school has no endowment fund and must raise a yearly maintenance fund of $15,000 for running expenses. Won't you help us this year? The Cheyney Training School for Teachers CHEYNEY, PENNSYLVANIA Under the management of the Society of Friends. Beautifully located, healthful, well appointed, and within easy reach of a great variety of educational institutions, public and private, extending from West Chester to Philadelphia; representing a wide range of educational problems and practice. This school offers to young colored men and women who have a reasonable secondary school preparation, and who earnestly desire to become teachers, carefully graded courses in academic work, domestic science, domestic art, manual crafts and agriculture. Summer school will not be held at Cheyney during 1915, but will open on an improved basis in 1916. Tuition is free. Board, lodging, heat, light and laundry privileges are offered for nine months for $100. The charge for the same during the summer-school course is $15. Write for particulars to LESLIE PINCKNEY HILL, Principal Mention TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER OF INTEREST TO VOCAL STUDENTS E. ALDAMA JACKSON TONE-PLACING AND VOICE - DEVELOPMENT Points explained, viz.: Breath in Singing, Trying the Voice, the Soprano, the Mezzo-Soprano, the Contralto, Tenor Leggiero or High Tenor, the Baritone, the Bass, Parts of the Vocal Apparatus, the Mouth, the Tongue, Position when Practising, Position when Singing, How to Practice, Good Rules for Singing. Comment from the conductor of the Paulist Choristers, the celebrated choral society which received the first prize awarded at the International Singing Contest held in Paris on May 25, 1912: "Dear Mr. Tinsley: "I take great pleasure in commending your very useful and succinctly written book on 'Tone-Placing and Voice-Development.' Your own appreciation of the psychology of singing and the fundamental prin ciples of the art you have cleverly reduced to a simple system. Cordially yours, "Father WILLIAM J. FINN, C. S. P., Director Paulist Choristers of Chicago." From "Musical Courier," N. Y.: "A very practical little book is 'Tone-Placing and Voice-Development,' by Pedro T. Tinsley. It contains some very excellent material and vocal exercises, and should be in the hands of all vocal students." From "Music News," Chicago, Ill.: "Accordingly his 'Practical Method of Singing' is a most concise and practical little manual, containing many valuable vocal exercises. It cannot fail to be helpful to all ambitious vocal students." HELPED HIM GREATLY "Since I practised your exercises of 'Tone-Placing and Voice-Development' my voice is more resonant than it has been for years. It seems to me that I am getting a new voice." Prof. John T. Layton, Director Coleridge-Taylor Musical Society, 1722 10th St., N. W., Washington, D. C. PRICE $1.00 Address the publisher: Pedro T. Tinsley, 6448 Drexel Ave., Chicago, Ill.; or Clayton F. Summy, 64 E. Van Buren St., or Lyon &amp; Healy, Adams and Wabash Ave., Chicago, Ill. THE NATIONAL TEACHERS' AGENCY Through us school authorities, without expense or delay, get into communication with the strongest and most carefully investigated teachers in all lines. Teachers who seek positions or advancement should register with us and avail themselves of our expert service. Prompt and courteous attention to correspondence. B. F. BOWLES, MANAGER, 2739 CONVERSE AVENUE EAST ST. LOUIS, ILL. WANTED Agents for THE CRISIS. Dignified work. 70 Fifth Avenue, New York. Graduate Institute of Musical Art, Organist and Director of Music St. Mark's M. E. Church Teacher of Theory and Piano Theory course embraces elementary and advanced Harmony or Counterpoint. Private or Class Work Studio: 30 W. 132d STREET, NEW YORK CITY The Poems of Phillis Wheatley the early Negro poetess collected by RICHARD R. WRIGHT, JR., and CHARLOTTE CROGMAN WRIGHT Price, One Dollar THE CRISIS 70 Fifth Avenue :: :: :: New York "GLEANINGS FROM DIXIE-LAND" Ten poems by EFFIE T. BATTLE, A.M. "Mrs. Battle has an individual gift of melody." —Springfield Republican. "You owe it to your race to publish your poems in book form."—Editor, Southwestern Christian Advocate. "Verses are smooth, graceful, high-minded and clear, reverent to all truth, appreciative of all beauty and true inspiration."—George W . Cable. PRICE 25 CENTS. ADDRESS : OKOLONA INDUSTRIAL SCHOOL, Okolona, Miss. PHOTOGRAPHS ENLARGED W e produce the finest enlargements ever made at reasonable prices, dealing directly with the consumer. Our original patented process brings out in lifelike fashion all the shades and tints of colored people. Write us today. W e guarantee return of original pictures. Frames at factory prices. THE DOUGLAS SPECIALTIES CO.. DEPARTMENT K 354 8 Vernon Avenue Chicago, Ill. $25.00 PER WEEK may be made in commissions by parties handling "History of Negro Soldiers in Spanish-American War " combined with "History of the Negro Race." 400 pages, 50 illustrations. Price $1.25 net. Address: E. A. JOHNSON 154 Nassau Street NEW YORK What Salary Do You Earn? If you are making less than $3.00 per day, we can help you to make more. Our agents average from $3.00 to $10.00 per day easily, and you can do the same. Pleasant dignified employment for men or women, boys or girls. We want one agent in every town. Be a step ahead of the crowd and write us today for free information. DOUGLAS SPECIALTIES COMPANY 3548 VERNON AVENUE Department K CHICAGO. ILL. Mention TH E CRISIS THECRISIS Vol. 9 -No . 5 MARCH, 1915 Whole No. 53 ALONG THE COLOR LINE MUSIC AND ART TH E Drama Committee of the N. A. A. C. P. authorized by the national body for the purpose of studying ways and means of utilizing the stage in the service of our cause, has been at work for several weeks. The committee is anxious to have race plays submitted for examination. Manuscripts should be typewritten, or, if not typewritten, submitted in legible handwriting, should be fully postpaid, and should contain the name and address of the sender. To avoid the embarrassment of a possible loss in transmission, authors are urged to keep a copy of manuscripts submitted. Address all communications to the Chairman, Mrs. L. B. Glenn, 941 S St., N. W., Washington, D. C. Mr. H. T. Burleigh's recently published sacred song, "His Word Is Love," is spoken of with favor in leading music journals. Of one of the two short songs, the words by W. R. Henley, Musical America says: "Here Mr. Burleigh is writing seriously and when he does that, he is always interesting. One can recall nothing that he has done recently that is as pure and fine as his 'Bring Her Again to Me,' in which he seems to have caught completely the spirit of Henley's lovely poem." Ricordi &amp; Co. announce a new song, "Mem'ries of Violets," by J. Rosamond Johnson. At the third of the "Chansons en Crinoline," given at the Plaza Hotel, New York, in January, a special feature was called "The Story of a Cotton Gown." Mme. Frances Alda, the Metropolitan Opera soprano, sang Southern melodies and Mr. Harry T. Burleigh, baritone, with a quintet of colored singers sang Afro-American folk songs. At Dayton, Ohio., Miss Kitty Cheatham gave an interesting talk to 1,000 young women employed at the National Cash Register Co. In appreciation of Miss Cheatham's enthusiastic espousal of the preservation of Negro melodies, a quartet of colored singers were engaged to sing folk-songs. The singing did not meet with the approval of Miss Cheatham, and to the amusement of the audience, she came to the stage and proceeded to direct them. At the Victoria Theater, at her regular recital, Miss Cheatham paid a glowing tribute to the late Paul Laurence Dunbar, and read his "When Malindy Sings." Os-Ke-Non-Ton, the Mohawk Indian Chief, who is said to have a fine voice which is now being trained for. the concert stage, made his debut in New York City at the "Tree of Light." The music journals spoke appreciatingly of his appearance. At the Musicale given at Hempstead, L. I. on Jan. 12th, by pupils of Miss Fay Foster, a teacher of New York City, songs by Coleridge Taylor were presented on the program. At the Ford Hall Meeting of Jan. 17, at Boston, Mass., for which Rev. John Haynes Holmes of New York was the THE speaker, Mr. William H. Richardson, baritone, gave a program of classic and modern songs. He was assisted by Mrs. Maud Cuney Hare at the piano. (Mr . Roland W. Hayes, the tenor, was heard with much pleasure at the "Russell Club" Musicale, given at the Universalist Church of Melrose, Mass., on Jan. 20th. An enthusiastic audience demanded many encores. The Howard University Glee Club has been touring Delaware and Pennsylvania and singing among other things Negro folk songs and the compositions of Burleigh, Cook and Johnson. ([Miss Anne Whitney, the famous sculptor, a member of the Anti-Slavery group in New England, died at the age of 93, in January in her apartment in Boston, Mass. Among Miss Whitney's works was a piece called "Ethiopia,'' a reclining figure of a young colored woman, raising herself, and in the act of awakening. The statue was destroyed, although the artist long afterward said, "It was one of the best things I ever did." Her next piece of work was a statue of Toussaint L'Overture, whose heroic life strongly appealed to her. Miss Whitney's best known works are the statues of Sam Adams in Adams Square, Boston, and Charles Sumner, near Howard Square in Cambridge, Mass. The Choir Guild of St. Bartholomew's Church, Cambridge, Mass., gave a con cert and assembly on Jan. 11 at Brattle Hall. Miss Lvdia C. McClane of Philadel phia, was the soprano soloist; Mr. Ro land W. Hayes, tenor; Mr. Wesley Howard, violinist and Mr. J. Shelton Pollen, pianist. The Hampton Choral Union gave a concert at the Institute Gymnasium. Miss Helen Ware, the violinist, was helped by choruses and soloists. A folk-lore festival with music is be ing planned by the Y. M. C. A. of In dianapolis. MEETINGS A MEETING of Negro authors has been called for August, 1915, dur ing the fiftieth anniversary celebration of Negro freedom at Chicago. CRISIS The National Negro Business League will hold its fifteenth annual meeting in Boston, August 18, 19 and 20, 1915. ([ A large meeting for the benefit of Hampton Institute was held in Carnegie Hall, New York City. Mr. Booker T. Washington, Major R. R. Moton and Mr. Harry T. Burleigh took part. ([The annual Negro Farmers' Conference was held at Lane College, Jackson, Tenn. The Board of Bishops of the A. M. E. Zion Church met at Petersburg, Va. CThe twentieth annual meeting of the Tuskegee Negro Conference has been held at Tuskegee Institute. There was the usual meeting of farmers followed by a meeting of workers. The attendance was large. The largest meeting on Dr. J. E. Spingarn's remarkable trip was that at Pittsburgh, where 3,000 people crowded the church and many could not get in. m EDUCATION HOWARD UNIVERSITY may re ceive $104,800 from the United States Government if present proposals pass Congress. This sum is larger than last year and provides for a professor of sociology and a survey of housing conditions among Negroes. The new Douglas High School at San Antonio, Tex., has ten rooms and cost $32,000. The Association of Teachers in Negro Schools will hold their annual meeting in Cincinnati next July. The County Judge of Jersey Co., Ill., has just appointed two additional members to the Board of Trustees of the "George Washington Fund." This fund was founded by a Negro and now amounts to $23,000. Its income is used for educating colored students and there has long been a feeling that the white trustees are not making desperate efforts to find beneficiaries. One hundred students have been assisted in the past but only one is at present receiving aid. The Mayor of Knoxville, Tenn., has recommended a new colored high school. In reply to white newspaper opposition, a colored man writes to a local paper: ALONG THE COLOR LINE "We have seen building after building for school purposes go up for whites, and our school left in a miserable location without improvements and falling into decay, and have never uttered a protest. We have paid the ten cent tax levy on the $100 to build and maintain high schools in Knox county, and yet we have said nothing. We are even preparing to help assume the $125,000 that the county has undertaken to raise to buy a farm for the University of Tennessee where none of the colored race can have access, and at the same time we propose to do this cheerfully, or at least as cheerfully as we can. And now, when the mayor of the city comes along with a proposition to give us a new high school and to take us out of a location that no other race would have stood for five minutes, and where we have been forty years, in a building paid for by northern philanthropists, we are charged with being 'ill advised' and as acting 'hasty.' " Governor Emmett O'Neal of Alabama, visited Tuskegee Institute and addressed the students. Howard University had 75 college students in 1907 and 313 in 1914. The Freshman Class of 1914 numbered 144 and came from 50 high schools, academies and colleges. The last graduating class numbered 49; of these 14 went to teaching, 20 entered professional schools, 2 entered schools of engineering, 2 entered business, 6 are taking graduate studies and 6 are at work earning money for professional courses in the future. There are in all 40 graduates of the college in the professional schools of Howard University and others are at Harvard, Columbia, Cornell, Chicago, Northwestern, Boston and other universities. Mr. Kelly Miller regards this record as marking the end of the controversy between the Negro colleges and industrial schools. Dr. J. W. and Mrs. L. S. Anderson of Dallas," Tex., have just given to Meharry Medical College of Nashville, Tenn., a deed of real estate in Dallas valued at least at $10,000. The proceeds of this gift are for the erection of the "Ander son Anatomical Hall." The trustees of the Jeanes and Slater Funds and members of the educational boards of most of the colored churches had a conference recently with the United States Commissioner of Education. The maintenance of the standards of institutions like Fisk and Atlanta on the one hand and Hampton and Tuskegee on the other was discussed. m POLITICS THE white people of Louisiana are exercised because the payment of poll taxes among the Negroes of the state has recently doubled. Some think that this means increased political activity among Negroes, while others are sure that the Negroes are trying to increase the meager amounts given to public schools. Many Negro organizations are making the payment of poll taxes by their members compulsory. The New England colored Baptist convention is mailing its report on the "State of the Country" to every member of Congress. The report will arrive February 22nd and the convention asks that every member and friend of the church write to his representative and senators and call their attention to the pamphlet. The Indian Register of the Treasury appointed by President Wilson to succeed the Hon. J. P. Napier, has resigned to become Indian Commissioner. Next? m ECONOMICS MR. E. G. HARLESTON has built a new three-story building for his undertaking business in Charleston, S. C. Mr. Booker T. Washington has purchased 10,000 acres of land in the vicinity of Cheehaw, Ala. for colonization purposes. A lumber plant has already been started. A new railway line will connect this colony with Tuskegee. It is charged that the Brotherhood of Locomotive Firemen and Engineers are trying to oust Negro firemen. The question arose in the proceedings of the Board of Arbitration between railroads and firemen which has been' sitting in Chicago. The council for the firemen admitted that the Negro firemen had not been represented when the arbitration agreement was made. 218 THE ([Virginia Union University has been helping the Associated Charities of Richmond. The Associated Charities had formerly refused aid to needy Negroes but when 1,500 unemployed Negroes besieged their officers they asked the University to make investigation for them. Classes were dismissed and already more than 900 families have been visited. The work was personally superintended by Dr. Simpson, of the Department of Sociology. The Howard Medical School is now the only Negro school rated in class A of the American Medical Association. Me-harry is in class B. In 1913, of the 38 graduates of Howard examined by medical boards, only 3 failed. This is practically the same percentage as that made by Harvard graduates. Frederick L. Siddons, a grandson of the great actress, has been recently confirmed as Justice of the District of Columbia Supreme Court. His colored employes in his former office of District Commissioner, presented him with an inscribed testimonial on parchment. The colored schools of Baltimore are searching for 17 names of distinguished colored persons, not living, after whom the colored school houses may be named. The beautiful building of the Red Cross Sanitarium, a colored hospital at Louisville, Ky., was opened for inspection on Lincoln's birthday. Brig.-Gen. Philip Reade, U. S. A., retired, recently addressed the Kentucky State Society of the Sons of the American Revolution on "Negro Soldiers in the Revolutionary War." Edward Wood, a 17 year old colored boy of Pulaski County, Ark., has recently made a record in cotton growing by raising 2 bales amounting to 1,192 pounds on 2 acres of land. m THE CHURCH J. E. EARNEST, a southern white man, has recently published a book at Charlottesville, Va., on the history of the Negro Church. The Commission of the M. E. Church, on the federation of colored Methodist churches, met in Chattanooga. CRISIS There is still trouble in the Baptist church between the publishing house and the national convention. The facts are difficult to ascertain, but the splendid work accomplished by the publishing house cannot be gainsaid. PERSONAL MISS FRANCES F. KEALING, the daughter of President H. T Kealing of Western University, is making an exceptional record in mathematics at the Kansas State University. She has become the first colored member of the mathematics club. Dr. Peter M. Murray, in competition with twenty-seven applicants for licenses to practice medicine in the District of Columbia, won first honors before the Board of Medical Examiners at the quarterly examination held June 16-19, 1914. In his Junior year at Howard University, he took the prize in Obstetrics and in his Senior year, in Surgery. In competition with twenty-four applicants representing Columbia University, University of Pittsburgh, University of West Tennessee and Howard University, for interne at Freedmen's Hospital, he led all with an average of 91.1%. President W. S. Scarborough of Wilberforce University had the misfortune to fall on the ice and break two ribs. Mrs. Julia B. Nelson, a white woman and an ardent worker in the cause of woman's suffrage and temperance, has recently died leaving about $20,000 to Professor W. H. Richards of the Howard Law School, who, as she says in her will: "Has cheered my lonely life with sympathy and affection as a son should render his mother." Mrs. Ellen Bransford, a colored ex-slave, died recently leaving $6,000, the savings of a life time, to the Lutheran church of which she was a member. Her home was in Little Rock, Ark. Mr. Wade H. Hammond, Chief Musician of the colored Ninth Cavalry Band, was recently presented by the Mayor of Douglass, Ariz., with a gold medal set with diamonds. This medal was purchased by popular subscription and was to express the gratitude of the citizens for the services of the band during the last two years. ALONG THE COLOR LINE Springfield, Ill., has published a pamphlet concerning its colored people. They have a bank, 12 churches, 2 furniture stores, 5 grocery stores, 2 milliners, 4 printers, 2 undertakers, 3 tailors. There are also 3 lawyers, 3 physicians, 34 artisans and 3 newspapers. There is a colored fire company, a masonic hall and a manual training school. Howard University Commercial Col lege has been making a study of Negro banks. Twenty-one selected banks throughout the United States show a paid in capital of $276,800, a surplus of $179,140 and deposits of $1,103,838. Seventeen have less than $15,000 capital and two over $25,000; 16 have deposits of less than $50,000 and 3 of over $100, 000. The report of the Farm Demonstrator for Dallas County, Tex., shows that one of the most successful farms and the one that made the largest clear profit was run by a colored man, W. Johnson of Marion Junction. He raised $866 worth of cotton, oats, corn, peas and hay at a cost of $305.58, making a clear profit of $560.42. Wilberforce University is establishing in connection with its commercial department, a museum for which it asks photographs of Negro business houses, products of manufacturing establishments, pamphlets, etc. At a meeting of Negro farmers at Ocala, Fla., Neptune Brown, a colored farmer said that he had bought and paid for a 200 acre farm, that he raised hogs, horses, cows and chickens; he made 20 barrels of syrup, 4 barrels of sugar and kept home-cured meat; he had a grove of 5 acres filled with grapefruit and or ange trees; his cattle brought him $200 a year. The Colored One Cent Savings Bank of Nashville, Tenn., has just finished 11 years' work. The gross clearings for the year amounted to $855,470. Charlotte, N. C , sends us "Colored Charlotte." This shows in the city 3 real estate companies, 31 restaurants, 5 blacksmith shops, 5 drug stores, 3 hotels, 3 insurance companies, 20 tailors, 24 grocery stores, 20 shoe repairing shops and 20 wood yards. There are also 3 editors, 113 teachers, 87 ministers, 12 doctors, 2 librarians, 2 lawyers and 222 industrial insurance agents. Artisans show 72 barbers, 55 carpenters, 40 bricklayers, 40 plasterers, 40 painters, 30 nurses and 14 printers. To these may be added 125 hackmen and draymen. In the city and county there are 87 churches worth $514,800; there is $40,000 invested in business and homes owned to the value of $974,440. The total number of acres of farm land amounts to 9,489 acres; 8 automobiles are owned by colored people. m SOCIAL UPLIFT A "WHO'S Who of the Colored *• Race" is announced. It is to be issued under the auspices of the Illinois Fiftieth Anniversary Commission and will sell for the unusually high price of $6.00 a copy to those who order in advance and $7.50 to other people. CThe Governor of Iowa has recommended that the state join the colored people of Illinois in celebrating the fiftieth anniversary of freedom, and make appropriation therefor. Messrs. Henry Holt &amp; Co. announce for publication in the early spring a volume of the Home University Library on "The Negro," by W. E. B. Du Bois. Edna Mae Bulkley, the nine year old daughter of J. R. Bulkley, Professor of Mathematics at Claflin University, Orangeburg, S. C , has recently originated a game of cards for teaching children the addition and multiplication tables. The game has been tested by teachers of reputation and is highly recommended by them. The Frances Harper Women's Club of Muskogee, Okla., is trying to establish a library for colored people. The local business league and other colored organizations are co-operating. The American Book Co. has brought out an interesting little volume of "Animal Fables from the Dark Continent," by A. O. Stafford. It can be recommended for supplementary reading for children. The Interstate Literary Association of Kansas and the West has held its twenty-fourth annual session at Lawrence. First prizes in music, declamation and poetry went to A. L. Counter, Miss Leona Jordan and Miss Myrtle Brown. THE The Hon. W. C. Matthews, assistant United States District Attorney of Boston, Mass., has retired from office at the close of his term. Dr. J. H. Boothe, a prominent colored physician of Philadelphia, died recently. Before 30,000 persons at the Tournament of Roses in Pasadena, Cal., Howard Drew, the colored sprinter, recently won five races and received two silver cups. FOREIGN EAST INDIAN soldiers are now, for the first time, eligible for the British military decoration known as the Victoria Cross. It is said that Liberia has removed from the supreme court Justice T. Mc-Cants Stewart without trial. The cause or the charges are not clear. COURTS TH E supreme court of the State of New York has upheld the case of L. L. Wilson, a colored woman, against a restaurant keeper who refused to serve her food. The National Benefit Insurance Co., by a decision of the Court of Appeals of Kentucky, has gained the right to do business in that state. n THE GHETTO IN Atlanta, the white Alkahest Lyceum Course sold balcony tickets to colored teachers and then gave them seats in the gallery despite their protests. A committee of Washington colored ministers are protesting to the Anheuser-Busch Brewing Co. on account of posters caricaturing the race. Friends are asked to write the company and support this protest. The city of Richmond has finally allowed a colored church to buy a former white church, but has ordered it to change its entrance so that its worshippers shall not enter from a "white" street! It is claimed that in Baltimore segregation is a boom to real estate sharks CRISIS who are raising the rentals at least 20% in the restricted Negro districts. The juvenile court in Philadelphia sentenced a colored boy to Seydert Institute. The school refused to receive him but the judge stood firm and declared that as a public institution, the school must admit the boy. Mrs. Laura Loving has been fined $100 and costs in a Richmond police court for moving into a "white" block. The General Educational Board has capitalized the word Negro in its recent report. The Wendell Phillips High School of Chicago is trying to separate white and colored students in social functions. Percy Brown, a Negro of Texarkana, Tex., shot and killed a white man who, with others, had been terrorizing the Negroes and shooting into their homes at night. Many of the Negroes left the county but this Negro killed his assailant and to the great astonishment of the colored people, was freed by the court. The question of the Negro regiment in the New York National Guard is now before Governor Whitman. His attitude is said to be favorable. The Supreme Court of Minnesota has decided that churches do not come under the civil rights law and may, therefore, "Jim-Crow" their colored members, if they wish. This relieves much anxiety. The Supreme Court of the District of Columbia has twice adjourned in honor of distinguished colored men: once in 1878 in honor of John F. Cook, and recently in honor of the late J. F. Bundy. CRIME SINCE our last record, 8 Negroes ^ have been lynched as follows: Pete Morris, at Blakely, Ga., suspected of killing a white man ; Dan Barber, his son and 2 daughters, at Monticello, Ga., for resisting arrest; Ed Johnson, Vicksburg, Miss., for stealing cattle; Herman Neally, at Huntsville, Ala., for accidentally wounding a white man in the knee and Doc Hartley, at Greenville, Ala., for burglary. A mob killed Dr. A. B. Culberson, a white physician of Evans, Ga., "for assaulting the married daughter of a prominent citizen. MEN OF THE MONTH LEADERS OF POSTAL CLERKS ARISIN G out of the attempt to segrc gate Negro employes of the Post Office, there has been formed at Chattanooga, Tenn., a National Alliance of Postal Employes. Twenty-six clerks representing fourteen states made the permanent organization and elected Henry L. Mims of Houston, Tex., as president, C. B. Shepperson of Arkansas, vice-president; R. L. Bailey of Indiana, secretary; A. H. Hendricks of Georgia, treasurer and Irvin Butler of Tennessee is auditor. Frank A. Carter of St. Louis was elected editor of the official organ, which will be known as the Postal Alliance Magazine. The Alliance issues insurance at cost to its members, indemnifying against loss of time, accident and accidental death. The organization has the approval of the Post Office Department and is now placing before the Department a plan by which the colored clerks may have the privilege of taking up directly with the higher officials, the grievances of the members. With reference to the segregation movement being forwarded by the white clerks of the South, President Mims, and officers of the Alliance refuse to "try their case in the papers," but it is known that the Alliance is going to make a strong fight before the post office officials to see that none of the rights of the Negro clerks, guaranteed by the Constitution of the United States, shall be denied them. The organization will contend that all promotions fairly earned in competition with white clerks, be given to the men whose records are the best, regardless of color. Nothing less than a square deal will be satisfactory to the officers of the Alliance, and this they believe they will obtain when the colored clerks' side of the segregation question is fairly presented to the higher department officials. The motto of the organization is going President. H. L. MIMS Vice-President, C. P. SHEPPERSON Editor, F. A. CARTER 222 THE to be, so it is learned, "legislate no worthless man forward, nor arbitrarily relegate any worthy man backward." The president of the Alliance writes: "I was long a disciple of Booker Washington in that we should proceed along the line of least resistance; I have become firmly convinced that this course is wrong, fundamentally wrong, if you please. From actual experience in the government service, having been appointed to the Railway Mail Service more than 20 years ago, I have found that race prejudice is insidious and it must be fought and fought hard. It has received a serious set-back through the efforts of your organization, and God speed you to continue to hammer it to its certain death." Local branches of the Alliance are being formed. Lately one was formed at Richmond, Va., with twelve members. E. H. Wood was elected president and R. H. Jackson, secretary-treasurer. ® A DEALER IN REAL ESTATE CHARLES H. TONES was born in ^ Wake County, N. C, in 1875. He CRISIS lost his father when he was six and his mother when he was thirteen. Until twenty years of age he was a farm laborer attending a country school during intervals of work. Then he tried a small mercantile business but failed in the panic of 1895. In 1912 he succeeded in selling a small lot, 25 x 100 feet, to R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Company in Winston-Salem, and made $10,000 profit. This was the beginning of his financial prosperity. Mr. Jones owns one block in Winston-Salem which is worth $30,000 and brings in $5,000 a year in rent. His total income from rent is said to be $12,000 a year and he is supposed to be worth at least $100,000. Mr. Jones declared that the right sort of man does not have to leave home to succeed. One of his hobbies is horse flesh and he owns "Silver Dick" who has never lost a race and has a record of a mile in 2.13 1/4. m A DENTIST THE West Indies has given to Pittsburgh a successful dentist in the person of Dr. Frank F. Bishop. MR. CHARLES H. JONES FRANK F. BISHOP, D. D. S. MEN OF THE MONTH DR. BISHOPS OFFICE Dr. Bishop arrived in the United States as a youth and received his training at the New York College of Dental and Oral Surgery and was graduated from the Pennsylvania College of Dental Surgery in 1906. He opened his office in Pittsburgh the same year and has built up a large and successful practice. Among other things he compounds his own dentifrices. He is especially notable for the cleanliness of his office, its modern equipment, his punctuality in keeping appointments and the reliability of his work. Small wonder that last_ summer the Doctor moved into his own new building valued at $10,000. AN INSURANCE MAN ONE of the best known industrial insurance companies among the colored people is the North Carolina Mutual and Provident Association. The man who made this association is Charles C.	 Spaulding. He was born in Whiteville, N. C, August 1, 1874. Mr. Spaulding's family had considerable property chiefly in real estate and sent him to school in Durham. At the age of twenty-six he married Miss Fannie Jones of Washington, D. C, and has three children. The North Carolina Mutual and Provident Association was organized in 1S99. Mr. Spaulding became its first local agent and was elected general manager in 1901. At this time the weekly collections of the company amounted to $29.40. Today its weekly collection is $9,000. The Durham Sun, a local white paper, reports that during 1914 this company did a business of $400,000 or nearly $50,000 more than the previous year. The home office employs thirty-five people and the business of the company is in the two Carolinas and Georgia and next year it expects to enter Virginia. The company has deposited $100,000 with the State Insurance Commission of North Carolina and $20,000 with the Insurance Commission of South Carolina. The president is Tohn C. Merrick, the secretary A. M. Moore and the general manager C. C. Spaulding. Mr. Spaulding is also vice president of a local colored bank, assistant superintendent of a Baptist Sunday School and a director of the colored Lincoln Hospital. MR. C. C. SPAULDING TH E CRISIS MR. SOLOMON HARPER AN INVENTOR SOLOMON HARPER was born Aug ust 8, 1893, at Poplar Grove, Ark. He left home- at the age of twelve, worked in a lumber camp and then as a section hand. Afterward he became an iron moulder and then again worked for various railways as section hand, in construction work, in grading, locomotive work, etc. His first application for a patent was filed in January, 1914, and he has three more applications now being prepared. He claims to have invented a new block system for controlling railway trains and preventing collision. This new system is designed to prevent rear and head-on collisions, to prevent trains from running into open switches, automatically to reduce speed at dangerous places, to stop trains at railway junctions, automatically to apply the brakes and to record the time when this is done and a number of other astonishing things. Professor John E. Sweet, of Syracuse, N. Y., writes: "Your mechanism is ingenious and I cannot see why it will not act as you plan." Professor Sweet is one of the foremost mechanical engineers of the world. The new company has offices at 112 East 125th Street, New York City. A TENOR THERE is no doubt that Roland W. Hayes has one of the finest tenor voices that Americans of today can listen to. His development in technique and stage presence has been marvelous to those who have watched him in the last five years. He was born in Curryville, Ga., June 3, 1887, and brought to Chattanooga as a child. When he was about seventeen Mr. W. A. Calhoun, a graduate of the Oberlin Conservatory discovered Hayes' voice and gave him some lessons. Encouraged by his teacher he went to Fisk University in the fall of 1906 and studied under Miss Jennie Robinson, the well-known Fisk teacher. A Boston man, Mr. Henry H. Putnam, urged Hayes to come to Boston. This he did and there through Mr. Putnam's help he became eventually a pupil of Mr. Arthur J. Hubbard, one of the best voice instructors in Boston. Mr. Hayes is becoming more and more in demand, and the best critics like Philip Hale, of Boston, have given him most flattering encouragement. MR. ROLAND W. HAYES LYNCHIN G SOUTHERNCHIVALRY The recent horrible lynching  in Georgia brings even the New York Times to its feet. After some shuffling to excuse the South the editorial goes on to say: "Use has bred a habit. No longer are lynchings committed solely for 'the usual crime.' A case of disorderly conduct, a case of resisting an officer, now supply warrant enough for the organized murder of men and even women. The evil has grown. The time is near, if indeed it is not already at hand, when the fact that a man is 'a bad nigger' will 'e enough to warrant his assassination by a mob. "Lynchings are committed mostly by cowards, and quite largely by the riff-raff of the neighborhood, inspired by rum. But in most cases there are a few mob leaders who are men of reputation in the community, and whose activity is the excuse of the whisky-soaked riff-raff who follow them. If an attempt is made to punish them, their standing in the vicinage, their swagger and pose, and the sympathy of their neighbors make their escape a foregone conclusion. Not until these men, the real criminals, are sternly dealt with in some outstanding trial will the reproach that hangs over the South be removed. If some Southern Governor, if some Southern Judge, would show just once real intrepidity and fearlessness of consequences in dealing with what has become a dastardly and common crime, lynching would become as unfashionable as any other felony in that particular State. Let us hope that we may see that day come." The Boston Traveler in commenting on talk about "the industrious Negro," in a Florida paper, says: "Surely the one hundred members of that Georgia community which last week lynched a Negro father, his two daughters and a son and filled their bodies with bullets because they beat a policeman who attempted to make an arrest did not treat the helpless victims as though they were 'our own people.' And what would have happened to the Negroes of the community if they had lynched four whites for beating a colored policeman? But the South is constantly reminding us that we 'do not understand,' and we have frankly to confess that we do not, quite." In another editorial it continues: "At Monticello, Georgia, a mob of 100 masked men, took from the jail four Negroes, a father, his two married daughters and a son, accused of clubbing a policeman in making an arrest, hanged them to a tree and riddled their bodies with bullets. Could anything more clearly set forth the inherent right of the white man to govern or the moral superiority of the Caucasian over the African? So long as such shocking evidences of brutal depravity are more or less common in the southern section of this country, the rest of the world may well look upon the United States as a semi-civilized land." The Courier Herald of Sagamore, Mich., speaks in the same line. "This was a grim orgy indeed! What a wild and savage thing it would seem, if a traveler brought back an account of such a carnival of death from the heart of Africa or the depths of the great South American jungle! And yet it happened in our own country, in one of our sovereign states, in free, liberty-loving, civilized America, whose constitution guarantees equality for all!" The Press of Binghamton, N. Y., says: "There is a very simple way to pre 226 THE vent lynching, always assuming that the fearful and wonderful instrument known as a State Constitution permits it. Put the sheriff under bonds for the protection of his prisoners, and give him, of course, money enough to hire a few capable deputies. "Southern peace officers want to stand well with their neighbors, but there are some of them who would certainly fight harder to save a $50,000 bond than they would, otherwise, to save the life of a Negro prisoner. And three or four armed men, with plenty of determination and plenty of ammunition, can scatter any mob the South ever produced." The Congregationalist is a little despondent. "The lynching of four Negroes in a Southern town because they were reluctant to be arrested shows that the progress of education and good feeling in that part of the country is hardly as rapid as we have dared to hope." The New York Globe writes: "We profess to be a civilized nation, and in horror raise our hands at tales of cruelties practised by war-crazed soldiers abroad. Yet in cold blood and like veritable fiends incarnate we torture to death our fellow creatures. The time has come to put an end to lynch law in the South." The Albany (N. Y.) Knickerbocker Press says: "It must amaze all right-thinking cit izens that in this twentieth century a mob of supposedly intelligent white men could, in cold blood, take two women and two men from their homes, hang them one by one and riddle their bodies with bullets. "The country owes many debts to the sunny southland which has been the mother of some of the greatest of Amer ica's citizens, but the South must soon realize that the stigma of lynch law which has made her a hissing ana a shame in the eyes of civilization for generations, must be lifted if she would hold her head high in the confraternity of peoples." The Evening Telegram of Philadel phia continues : "There are places under the American flag to-day where 'nigger killing' is re garded no more seriously than rat chas CRISIS ing, where the eyes of civilized little white children glisten as they recount the scenes of the lynching, and where white men and women are now being offered as sacrifices to this new and insatiable Moloch. "The lynching impulse is one that a people may indulge only at their own peril." The New York World adds this bit: "The quadruple lynching of Negro men and women in Georgia is not for 'the usual crime.' It is merely what has come to be the usual manifestation of a cowardly and murderous mob spirit, fostered by a lawlessness which sought a justification in 'the usual crime.' " Southern papers have, to some extent, spoken out also. The Louisville Courier Journal, for instance: "It seems almost incredible that four persons should have been lynched as the outcome of a mere street row in which no one appears to have been seriously injured. Monticello has made a record for causeless bloodshed that will be hard to live down." The Atlanta Journal writes: "The resolutions adopted by a mass meeting of the citizens of Monticello and Jasper county on the recent lynching in that community find earnest response in the mind of every Georgian who values his state's good name or who has any sense of justice and humanity'. Savage lawlessness seldom grows so monstrous as it did in the mob which hanged four Negro prisoners, two of them women, charged with running a 'blind tiger' and with assaulting the officers who came to arrest them. That was murder, cold-blooded and cowardly and so should it be dealt with, to the limit of the state's legal resources." And the Columbus (Ga.) Ledger is forced to the conclusion that in a typical modern lynching "the original crime is the factor of least importance. The chief cause appears to be a criminal desire for blood on the part of an inflamed mob. Most any offense will serve for a pretext." The colored papers are naturally bitter. "Great God," says the Amsterdam (N. Y.) News, "is there in Georgia no woman bold enough to take up the cudgels for her sex? Will not Georgia's OPINION 227 womanhood fight the new pastime of the mob? Will not Georgia women organize and draw the line somewhere in this disgraceful business? Women have captured the ear of the public before and can do so now. Can Southern white women sit still and see women, of whatever race, manhandled and insulted, lynched and riddled with bullets?" The Atlanta Independent replies incisively to the Governor of Georgia. "It does not suffice or justify a carnage of crime for our Governor to argue in extenuation of the Monticello outrage what happened in Illinois, New York and Massachusetts years ago. The fact that some years ago Negroes were murdered in Illinois, Pennsylvania, Delaware and elsewhere does not in any sense justify or extenuate or mitigate for the outrage at Monticello. That this great state with 2,000,000 people, immense wealth and unequalled intelligence, should stand idly by and see a whole family shot to death by a lawless mob is almost incomprehensible, and that the Governor should answer those who criticize his state for crimes perpetrated against the majesty of the law and for the barbarous killing of citizens in the hands of the law, with the recital of crimes in other states is both humiliating and excruciating to an intelligent citizenship. "The Governor reasons that one sin justifies another; that murder in New York justifies or mitigates murder in Georgia. There is no need of any longer putting up the stock argument that the members of the mob can not be apprehended. "It is openly charged by the whites of the South that the Negro conceals his criminal element; that he receives stolen goods and hides that element of his race that violates the law. That is largely true. There is an element of our people that commits crimes and another element that conceals crime. But happily, both these elements are largely in the minority, and it is equally true that there is a large element of the whites of this section that conceals crime, that hides criminals, that covers the mobs and shields them from the strong arm of the law. If this were not true, why is it that the Governor's reward will not apprehend and convict the Monticello lynchers and the thousands of lynchers who, year after year, put many black people to death in the South upon mere suspicion." There is the usual evidence of discomfort in the South at criticism. The Times Union of Jacksonville, Fla., does not see as many "holier than thou" Northern newspapers "as we saw in days gone by. A number of lynchings occurring in Northern states, more brutal than any ever known in the South, convinced most of our critics of the impropriety of throwing stones. We speak of a number of Northern lynchings as more brutal than any that ever occurred in the South because the Southern mob hunts for the guilty man and does not molest others while in several instances in Northern cities mobs have chased and lynched Negroes without any reason to believe them guilty of any offense." The Macon Daily Telegraph says: "If those Northern and Eastern publications which deal in 'ifs' and 'ands' and 'wonders' regarding the attitude of the people of Georgia and the South toward the Monticello lynching, will observe the aftermath of that regrettable affair, and refresh their memories as to similar notorious occurrences in their own sections, they will find less reason to inferentially accuse a people of the act of a few lawbreakers." And later the Telegraph even attempts some half-hearted defense of the lynchers. "It was not 'the usual crime' it is true. But it was an attempt at an exceedingly vicious one, and while its nature does not justify wholesale lynchings, in fairness it must be admitted that there were features connected with it calculated to rouse public passion hotly. This is not an attempt at condonement, but rather at palliation. The affair was terrible, on the face of it, notwithstanding, however, the strongest palliation, and should be thoroughly probed." There is a disposition to search for causes in this prevalence of mob murder. The New York Evening Post says: "Southern newspapers and people have in the main spoken out well against the revival of lynching. Thus 200 citizens of Monticello, Georgia, one of the 228 THE disgraced towns, in a mass meeting presided over by the mayor, expressed their disapproval of the mob-murder of four accused Negroes, and promised the Governor their assistance in bringing the guilty to book. The feeling of the local press is typified by the statement of the Thomasville Times-Enterprise, that this lynching is 'a blot on the name of the county of Jasper that will never be erased,' and its hope that the state 'will make a sincere effort to mete punishment to those who have so transgressed the bounds of reason and right.' Though neither utterance is quite vigorous enough in view of the dastardly character of the lynching, and the fact that two of the victims were innocent colored women, so far so good. But the time is close at hand when the enlightened sentiment of the South ought to do a great deal more than resolving and depreciating. One of the differences between the North and the South is the comparative ease with which reform organizations are started in the two sections. It is much harder to get men or women in the old slave states to assume an unpopular position; but the time has surely come when there ought to be a strong Southern organization to deal with this matter of lynching and the abuse of the law." If the Evening Post, however, will look to its own columns it will find certain latent causes of the lynching spirit. In a review, for instance, of "The Diary of Adam Tas" the Post speaks of the celebrated governor of the Dutch East India Company; Willem Adriaan van der Stel. Van der Stel was a mulatto and the Post sagely says that from his Negro grandmother "he appears to have inherited doubtful morals and an inclination towards Oriental splendor which led him into extravagance and consequent oppression." Of course, "doubtful morals" always come from colored people; never from white people; and an "inclination to Oriental splendor" is peculiarly African. It is this kind of wholesale but subtle condemnation of the Negro race that is the beginning of the lynching spirit. As the Utica (N. Y.) Press says, speaking of the proposed discrimination against Negro immigrants: CRISIS "The lieracy test would keep out the illiterate of any degree of black blood as well as an illiterate of white blood. But that alone would not discriminate sufficiently to satisfy the Negro-hating sentiment of the constituencies of these southern statesmen. One of the bitter grievances of these constituencies against the Negro is not on account of any degree of illiteracy, but because of his unwillingness to be content with a continued condition of ignorance and political and economic dependence. The anti-Negro clause of the immigration bill is not aimed at the illiterate Negro of pure or mixed blood, but at the intelligent Negro of whatever blood proportion. Men of Negro or mixed Negro blood prominent in South American countries—and they are numerous—are not likely to contribute zealously to the better or cordial relations the Washington Government is seeking to promote with those countries, when they know there is a law forbidding their entry into the United States." But back of all this the real trouble arises from the facts like these taken from a white Florida daily paper and referring to Seneca, S. C.: "Two Negroes are dead a third is be lieved to be dying and half a dozen white men were wounded by bullets as a result of a race riot at Fairplay, a small village 12 miles from here. "An hour after the rioting started, whites and Negroes came across the line from Georgia to take part in the fight. "Trouble between the races has been brewing for days; and came to a head when a white man said to be Woodrow Campbell and George Gibson a young Negro quarreled over Gibson's attentions to a mulatto woman. Negroes sided with Gibson and last night the friends of Campbell formed a mob and took Tom Spright a Negro across the Savannah river into Georgia and gave him a terrible beating. "Gibson and his father, Green Gibson, arrived on the bridge in a buggy and de manded that the bridge be cleared of the mob so that they might pass. "Walking to the buggy, one of the men said to young Gibson: 'You are the one we want.' "Gibson was pulled from the buggy. He resisted and escaped. The escape OPINION 229 only infuriated the mob more. He was chased and after a time caught. Then he was beaten to death. Spright, unconscious and near death, was hurried to a near-by town. "It is reported that another Negro was killed, but this has not been verified. "Following the killings and beatings, the Negroes formed in large numbers and attacked the whites. The white men injured are Magistrate W. C. McClure, shot in the face; Paul Marrott, shot in the back, condition serious; Woodrow Campbell, shot in the chest and stabbed; Logan Ramoy, shot in the eye, and several others who were not badly hurt. "Several of the whites were shot by the elder Gibson, who protected himself behind the bridge. Then he ran and was brought down with a bullet in his back. His gun was broken to pieces and used to beat him to death." To this we have only to add the recent report on the conduct of white men in Alaska. Dr. E. L. Jones reports to President Wilson: "The white man's lack of care and regard for the sanctity of the native's homes is the crime of Alaska," he says. "In many sections the wife and daughters are dishonored, and any resistance from the husband, father or brother is overcome by threats and bribes and liquor, until even the men have all their best impulses deadened and seem to be unmanned." "A VITAL MAGAZINE," A FEW The Rev. Francis J. Grimke, BOUQUETS of Washington, in a sermon said recently: "We ought also to be thankful for the existence of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People. I don't know whether, as a race, we realize what the existence of such an association with its organ, TH E CRISIS, means, or fully appreciate the invaluable service which it is rendering to the race in its battle against race prejudice and proscription, which confronts us on all sides in every shape and form. Here is an Association composed of some of the very best type of white men and women in this country, and also of some of the very best type of colored men and women of the race. These men and women have banded themselves together for the purpose of resisting injustice and oppression—for the purpose of standing up fearlessly and uncompromisingly for the manhood rights of the colored man, and also for his civil and political equality under the Constitution. The fact that such a society as this exists is itself a ground for thanksgiving, but when we remember what it has done and is still doing towards bettering conditions, the greater is the ground for thanksgiving." Recently TH E CRISIS has figured in the Congressional Record to the extent of nearly a page. Congressman Webb, of North Carolina, gets his matter from a newspaper writer named Calloway, in the Macon Daily Telegraph, and speaks at length of the National Association. "Reading of this association in THE CRISIS, it is a matter of regret that its method of procedure is not along the lines advocated by Booker Washington. Washington is eager for his race to preserve race identity, finding a great work to build up pride of race, and for the education to be along industrial lines. "But this National Association has for its purpose advancement along political and social lines. Very prominent in the platform is: 'The abolition of all caste distinctions based on race or color.' The Association has its colored lawyers 'to secure rights of the colored people,' to 'win Jim Crow' cases, segregation cases and disfranchisement cases. "In the call for a national conference in 1914 for the political and social uplift of the Negro are many prominent white women and white men. This call was signed, first on the list, by Jane Addams, Samuel Bowles (Springfield Republican), Dr. John L. Elliott of New York, William Lloyd Garrison of Boston, William Dean Howells, Florence Kelly, John E. Milholland of New York, Dr. Charles H. Parkhurst of New York, Louis F. Post of Chicago, Oswald Garrison Villard of the New York Evening Post, with many others. "The conference, in pursuance of this call, was held in New York. It was celebrated by a feast, if I understand TH E CRISIS, and seated at the table are the Negro men in large numbers, each with a white, woman by his side as guest 230 THE (I suppose). It is social equality done to the taste of DuBois, William Lloyd Garrison and Oswald Villard. A large array of whites, men and women, mostly women, are looking on approvingly. Under the large photograph of this social scene is the device: 'Social Life in Colored America'—'A Dinner at the Loendi Club, Pittsburg.' "Any one wishing to verify this story is referred to THE CRISIS, August number, 1914. THE CRISIS also comes out editorially for equal suffrage." The joke of this extraordinary arraignment is that every person in the picture referred to (which by the way had absolutely nothing to do with the National Association or its Baltimore meeting) is a person of Negro descent. Imagine the social history of a country that is wild to discriminate about "white" and "black" people and yet cannot tell them apart! On the other side of the shield we cannot forbear from reprinting, at the request of numerous correspondents, an appreciation of THE CRISIS written by Mr. John Barry, of San Francisco, and published in half a dozen papers including the San Francisco Examiner and the Washington, D. C, Herald. The article which occupies a column or more is entitled "A Vital Magazine," and says in part: "A magazine that I have just been reading seems to me to be of unusual interest and of peculiar significance. It happens to be a recent number of THE CRISIS, published by the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, at 70 Fifth Avenue, New York City, and edited by Prof. W. E. Burghardt Du Bois. In its subtitle it calls itself a 'Record of the Darker Races.' "It is well printed, on white glazed paper, and, besides an illustrated cover, it contains many illustrations, mainly from photographs. One cannot look it over without realizing that it represents a big, vital movement in this country. In its printed words one can feel the heartbeat of a long-suffering and a rapidly developing people. "THE CRISIS opens with a department called 'Along the Color Line,' giving items of interest ranging from music and art, through social economics, to crime. CRISIS In this country it is plain that the musical genius of the Negro race is finding more encouragement. Was it not the Hun garian composer, Dvorak, who, some years ago, said that the typical American music lay in our Negro melodies? Surely no music ever expressed more clearly or more poignantly the anguish of a race. In the vast store of talents lost to the world through lack of opportunity for expression there must be included a pos sible negro composer. As the Negroes secure wider educational advantages they are certain to give to the world music with a flavor of its own, echoing, not merely the sadness of the people, but the gayety as well, the spirit that enables them to rise above tribulation and to il lustrate the blessings of a childlike and happy temperament "The special articles are mainly devoted to discussing colored people who are reaching positions of public usefulness. There is also a great deal of writing about the relation of the colored people to 'the world war.' The department called 'Editorial' deals with the war from what must, to most of us, be a new point of view. According to the writer, the cause of the war is "the wild quest for imperial expansion among colored races between Germany, England and France primarily, and Belgium, Italy, Russia and Austria-Hungary in lesser degree." So far the war reduces itself to a fight for the power of exploiting the darker peoples. While expressing great personal regard for the Germans as a people, the writer deplores the German spirit of militarism and points out its dangers to his race. The article on 'The Colored Y. M. C. A.,' by C. H. Tobias, shows how wonderfully this organization has grown since its start in 1853. It is estimated that it now owns property worth more than $1,000,000. The growth has been greatly helped by the co-opera tion of the more prosperous colored peo ple throughout the country. "There are many other features in this ably edited number of THE CRISIS. They include a dramatic poem, 'The Burden of Black Women.' Indeed, I know of few magazines that can compare with this magazine for human interest. It shows that the black folk are sharing in the social unrest and aspiration of the world today." OPINION NEGRO SOLDIERS SOME FOR- In the Washington, D. C, GETFULNESS Evening Star, James Croggen has written about Negroes in the Battle of New Orleans, and intimated that this was the first employment of Negroes as soldiers in the American army. Albert N. Seip immediately corrected Mr. Croggen, who is a noted archeologist and antiquarian, with the following facts: "Referring to James Croggc-n's statement that 'judging from some of the muster rolls, where the word "Negro" appears with their names, there were not many such in the service, though the law was silent as to color.' Bancroft, volume 6, page 142, speaking of the battle of Monmouth, says: 'So many histories omit to record that, of the "revolutionary patriots" who on that day periled life for their country, more than 700 black Americans fought side by side with the white.' On page 300, same volume, the well informed historian remarks: 'The question of recruiting the army by the enlistment of black men forced itself on attention. The several states employed them as they pleased, and the slave was enfranchised by the service. Once Congress touched on the delicate subject; and in March, 1779, it recommended Georgia and South Carolina to raise 3,000 active, able-bodied Negro men, under thirty-five years of age; and the recommendation was coupled with a promise of a "full compensation to the proprietors of such Negroes for the property." The resolution appears to have been adopted without opposition. North and South Carolina having both been represented in the committee that reported it. But South Carolina refused by great majorities to give effect to the scheme. Bancroft's history is full of reference to the part taken by Negroes as soldiers in the revolutionary war, both in the northern and southern campaigns, and judging from the difficulties Washington had in keeping and recruiting his army, and his well known sentiments in favor of employing Negroes as soldiers, I have no doubt that many such served and fought for our and their freedom." Thomas H. R. Clarke adds the following : "The diary of Baron von Clauser, a German army officer sent to this country by his government to report upon military activities, was published in part by the New York Herald a few years ago and contained, among other things, the following memorandum: "I have visited Gen. Washington's camp at White Plains today. He has 20,000 troops under him, one-fourth of which are Negroes, and the best drilled and disciplined regiment in camp is a Rhode Island regiment, three-fourths of which are composed of Negroes. "In Livermore's historical papers it can be easily discovered that provision was made by the legislature of several of the colonies, subsequent to the establishment of the camp at White Plains, for the recruiting of several more thousand black soldiers. "These facts, it would seem disposes of the statement that 'there were not many such in the service.' "Whether this relatively large number of Negro soldiers under Gen. Washington all served in mixed regiments I do not know, but in the battle of Rhode Island the Hessian mercenaries were defeated with great loss of life by Negro soldiers operating in distinct units under Col. Greene (see George W. William's History of the Negro Soldier). "We cannot forget, also, that it was a regiment of Haitian Negroes, serving under the leadership of such men as Christophe and Dessalines, who afterward figured prominently in Haitian affairs, which saved the colonial brigade from a severe defeat by a brilliant rear guard action in the retreat from Savannah. (See essay by T. G. Steward, former officer in United States Army, in his book entitled 'The Negro Regular')." INTER-MARRIAGE THE The Hon. Martin B. Madden, FUTILITY representative from Illinois, OF LAW. spoke recently in Congress for the protection of Negro womanhood. He said: "To make such marriages criminal and void would leave the children of such marriages without the protection which they need and should have. Instead of bettering the moral conditions such a law would make them worse. It would leave many young girls at the mercy of brutes THE CRISIS willing to take advantage of their virtue and then desert them to a life of shame. 1 cannot conceive of a condition under which a white man should be allowed to cohabit with a black woman not his wife without being compelled by law to marry her or provide for the care of their children. Why should innocent women of the Negro race not have the same protection of the law which is accorded to women of any other race? It will not do to say there is no such condition as that to which I have alluded. Everyone knows better, else how does it happen that we have so many people of mixed blood in the United States. "The Negroes are willing to confine their marriages to their own race, indeed they would prefer that, but they have a right to demand that the women of their race shall not be considered the legitimate prey of the men of other races. (Applause.)" Annesley Burrowes, writing in a Detroit paper, says: "The marriage of a white woman to a black man is a thing that white men don't like to think about, and some black women share that feeling. "But when the governor of a great state like Michigan digs this question up from the depths, and when state laws are proposed to deal with it—• "Then you've got to think about it, and talk about it, too. For when a people reaches the point when it allows laws to be made for it without interest, and without comment, then it is nearing its jumping off place, as a nation. "There are different things to think about in this connection. "One is the opinion of a great ethnologist, a student of the history of many races. " 'In a thousand years from now,' he said, 'the only trace remaining of the 9,000,000 Negroes now here will be a slight tinge of darkness in the faces of the American people.' "That may, or may not, be true, but observe this, read it twice, and pin it in your memory. "The Negro race, roughly speaking, has been with us only two centuries, and in that time it has paled a whole lot. . . "Suppose a law had been passed fifty years ago, making marriage a crime, would these regiments of illegitimates have been fewer? "Of course they wouldn't. "Then how is it going to help to pass such a law now? "And, considering that you cannot prevent these unions, isn't it wise to make the best of them? "Wouldn't it have been better if these millions of illicit unions had been legal unions, blessed by the church, and sanc tioned by society? "I'm not saying. I leave it to you. "What would have been the result, anyway ? "Wouldn't these millions of illegitimates have had the support, the education, the pride, the position, which their white fathers could, and should, and would have given them? "And wouldn't the whole immense, struggling mass have been a million times the better for it? "Stick to the facts. Think them over. Be honest, and fair. Answer the question. "Wouldn't those millions of particolored illegitimates have been the better for it if the fathers who begot them had accepted the responsibility, and had done their duty by them, as God has said fathers should do ? "And wouldn't the nation, and the whole world have been the better for it had this injustice not been done? "If not then fatherhood is a lie and a mockery. Don't tell us that these unions were formed only by men of the lowest types, because it isn't true, and you know it isn't true. "Such unions have been participated in by men of the highest rank not only in the South, but for that matter, right here in this Detroit of ours, where life is so well worth living. "There have been men whose memory is revered today by all the millions of American people, but who did not disdain these unions, and also who did not disdain to let their children sink, and suffer, for lack of the physical support and the moral support which they owed them, and have paid them, but which they never paid. "People are fond of calling the union of whites and blacks unnatural, but is it so? OPINION 233 "Look the question straight in the face, even if you don't like it. I don't like it any better than you do, but I'm looking right at it now. "If illicit unions between blacks and whites were unnatural, there wouldn't be the thousands, and hundreds of thou sands, and millions of them that there are. "If they were unnatural, the black race would be coal black to this day. "If they were unnatural there wouldn't be enough of these unions to make the race even a seal brown, let alone the yellow it now is. "As a cold fact, the dislike which most white people have to these unions, is not the revolt of nature against them. "It is simply the revolt of taste—the feeling that a Beau Brummell would ex perience if confronted at breakfast with a perfectly wholesome dish of salt pork and molasses "The relation between the races will continue in the future as it has lasted through the centuries, in spite of all the terrors of the law. "Nothing can stop it, but one thing can raise the relation to a higher and purer plane—that is, the sanctification of marriage. "It is that one good possibility in all this welter of wrong that the sages from Flint, Lansing and Saranac are aiming to wipe out. "And so all they can do by their med dling is to do harm. "As to the great movement of the races they are helpless. They are like mere ants clinging to the periphery of the great wheel of evolution. Its top is in the clouds, and its bottom sweeps the low places of the earth. But with their antlike perceptions they have decided that it is whirling in the wrong direction, and have passed a resolution that it must be reversed." The Chicago Tribune has an editorial entitled "A Useless Law." "There is a bigger thing than law which prohibits the intermarriage of blacks and whites. It is unconquerable sentiment. Then why give it the disagreeable expression of legal enactment? Why make it a matter of record that the law recognizes a distinction between citizens of the United States? Why make the hollowness of our democracy a matter of record when it is not needed?" m MISCELLANEOUS Driving along one of Charlotte's principal thoroughfares last Sunday afternoon we came face to face with a sign which stunned us. It was in big, bold letters and read "Colored People Not Allowed in This Park." The chief of police, a Mr. Moore, had signed it so the board itself declared. Just a little plank like that looks innocent enough. It has so many counterparts along our streets where there is much land to be occupied— for Charlotte is a real estate bonanza, if lots marked for sale are a true sign: Well, there was the board and in the rear of it "Independence Park," given to the city by some generous citizens a few years aback, presumably for white people. This part is now set apart as a playground for white children. The city having prepared it and kept it "park like" out of the funds accruing from the taxes of all polls and property—black as well as white.— Star of Zion, Charlotte, N. C. This week the city of Miami has on her gala clothes; she is advertising her wares to the world showing the "depths from which she has come" and the heights she has reached. Every factor that contributed to its development is to be in full blast. Floats of an historical character showing the ancient beginning of "The Magic City" and floats revealing the present day possessions will roll along the streets. The city has gone to expense to advertise the "goods" of Miami. Yet, notwithstanding the fact, that the Negro was in the very first line of pioneers that laid the foundations of Miami, felling its forests, fighting its pestiferous mosquitoes and everything that it takes to bring the "Magic City" up to its present splendor, there has been no effort made to have the part the Negro played in Miami's history recognized.— The New Monrovia (Fla.) Journal. 234 THE There are two routes from North America to the mouth of the canal. One lies between Cuba and Haiti and the other between Haiti and Porto Rico. Whichever way is chosen by any craft, Haiti is found lying right across its path. "By one of the curious shifts of the current of commerce, such as brings an obscure station on the main line of a railroad, the opening of the Panama canal places the island of Haiti in the midst of the stream of the world's traffic." There are other islands that also occupy more or less strategic position in relation to the canal, such as Jamaica, Porto Rico, Martinique and Saint Thomas, but, unfortunately! for the United States, the strong hands of Great Britain and France and Denmark are in control in these places, except Porto Rico. It is true that there is a coaling station at Guantanamo, in Cuba, for the use of the American navy, but it is an insignificant concern and inadequate entirely for the needs of the trade. Haiti is in the midst of the stream. Haiti is isolated from the rest of America. No one will particularly feel offended if Haiti is hurt. No other sister nation to come to her help. None need say "Our turn next." Haiti, therefore, is easy to be controlled. To the end that a nefarious scheme might find ground on which to stand, public opinion in the United States is being misguided, not only in using extreme virulence in emphasizing Haiti's political misfortunes, but also in distorting the facts relating to the financial standing of this little republic. They would make it appear that it will not pay its debts and that its creditors fail even in their attempts to collect interest when due Is there real cause for alarm on the part of any one, acting in good faith, even to intimate that such a debt is a menace to the existence of a government that has for over a century maintained its credit in the world? Here stands a country with a per capita debt of $13.74, with the United States with a per capita debt of $23.72 and England $80 and France $150 and Germany $15.00, and they tell you that they are alarmed by its debt threatening its national existence. Is it difficult to uncover the hand at work and that which it is reaching after? Is it possible to disguise any longer the CRISIS aim in view of the outcry concerning Haiti? Is it necessary in order to assure commensurate returns to the United States for the $400,000,000 invested in the Panama Canal that Haiti be under American control? Will Haiti yield? It is worth while to watch the game.—• Bishop John Hurst, in the A. M. E. Quarterly Review. Unknown to most persons the oldest iron implement in the world is in the University Museum, having been found by the Eckley B. Coxe expedition to Nubia a few years ago It is an iron spearhead about 10 inches long, and the astonishing thing is that in every respect it resembles spearheads used by the African Negroes to this day, even to the manner in which the shaft is inserted. The spearhead was found in a tomb at Behen, near Wadi Haifa, in Nubia, by the Coxe University Museum Expedition in a long row of tombs belonging to the Twelfth Egyptian dynasty. . . . The find made a sensa tion, as in all the other tombs there was no metal but bronze. If it were possible to tell exactly the date of the Twelfth dynasty it would be easy to tell how old is this piece of iron. Archaeologists are almost 1,500 years apart in their esti mates, but very recently the Petrie esti mates have been confirmed which place this dynasty at about 3400 B. C, or about 5300 years ago. The importance of the discovery lies in the fact that iron in Europe was not known until at least 1200 B. C, and was not in common use for implements until centuries later. This is one more evidence, and a very important one, that the smelting of iron was first practiced among the Negroes. This is the first time an implement any thing like so old has been found—one whose antiquity is unquestioned. It ap pears that iron beads are very ancient and were esteemed as better than gold. Homer mentions a piece of iron as a great prize contested for in games. That Negroes invented the iron art seems con firmed by the fact that they never had bronze; that they have no traditions of the art being given them and by the fact that they smelt it to this day differently from all other peoples.— Philadelphia Press. EDITORIAL ORGANIZATION IF the Negroes of the United States want to know what organization is and what it can accomplish along racial lines they should buy the American Jewish Year Book. This publication has courteously been sent to this office and a glance at its pages is most informing. The organization of the 3,000,000 Jews in America is little less than marvelous. To name a few of these organizations; there is the Alliance Israelite Universelle, over fifty years old with eight branches; there is the American Jewish Committee, a great federation of individuals and organizations "to prevent the infraction of the civil and religious rights of Jews in any part of the world." Its fourteen districts cover the United States and beside the large sums which it handles annually it has an Emergency Trust Fund of nearly $200,000; the American Jewish Historical Society is twenty7two years old and has 373 members; twenty-four periodicals belong to the American Jewish Press Association ; the Workmen's Circle has 509 branches with 45,000 members; the Baron De Hirsch Fund has millions for agricultural and industrial education; the Council of Jewish Women is seven years old with 78 sections covering the whole country; the Federation of American Zionists is seventeen years old with 14,000 members; the Roumanian Jews are organized with 40,000 members, and the Hebrew Sheltering and Immigrant Aid Society has 29,000 members. There are endless secret and semi-secret orders: the B'nai B'rith with 34,000 members; the two branches of Brith Abraham with over 250,000 members; the Brith Sholom with 46,000 members ; the Free Sons of Judah with 23,000 members, and so on. There are agricultural and colonial associations, agricultural aid societies, a Jewish chatauqua, a consumptives' relief society, beside colleges, theological seminaries and last but not least a great national conference of Jewish charities with its 115 constituent societies. The Jewish Publication Society sends out the American Jewish Year Book annually and a number of other carefully selected publications. It is supported by 12,000 members and has total assets of over $100,000. There have been 26 Jews in Congress and there are five in the present Congress. This is the great net work of organization which makes the Jewish people the tremendous force for good and for uplift which they are in this country. Let black men look at them with admiration and emulate them. Only in our secret orders can we approach them from afar, while in voluntary organizations and philanthropic activity we can see from the record of these 3,000,000 what our 10,000,000 have to learn. THE CRISIS DO WE WANT ARTICLES? I WRITE you to ask if such an article would receive favorable con sideration if sent." We cannot answer. This is like asking : "How would you like to live in the moon ?" or "Do you want to know John What-is-it?" or "Would you like my last novel?" We do not know. It depends. We do know this: we consider nothing too good for THE CRISIS : essays, descriptions, stories, poems, facts, jokes—anything good. But whether the matter you offer is good or not, we can only tell by reading it. Therefore, send it by all means, not forgetting to enclose return postage. TO OUR YOUNG POETS OF all forms of writing, poetry is the most diffi cult. It is not mere rhyme, it is not merely rythym. It is not prose cut into lengths. It must have ideas. It must above all be beautiful, alluring, delicate, fine. Few can write poetry. Poetry calls for thought, feeling, and long and careful practice. To know what poetry is, read poetry. Have you ever read any great masterpieces of poetry? Buy Palgrave's "Golden Treasury of English Poetry." It is a little book and costs one dollar. Buy it and read it through a few times. Add to this Max Eastman's "Enjoyment of Poetry" and Braithwaites "Anthology of Magazine Verse, 1914." After reading and studying these try your hand again at writing poetry. "ADVERTISING MR. HYDE" THE New York Tribune 1 has recently assumed a very striking pose as a high moral and philanthropic organ. Th e phrase "Editorial M r . Jeckyl and advertising Mr. Hyde" has been rolled unctiously on its lips. Among other things this paper is promoting a land scheme for the sale of lots at Beachwood, N. J. A director of this Association made a contract in the usual form to buy one of these lots. Later he received the following letter: Dear Sir: Enclosed herewith please find check for $5.60 which we received for the second payment on your lots at Beach-wood, N. J. Since we have just learned that you are a member of the colored race, we regret to inform you that you cannot hold title to any property at Beach-wood and beg to quote you the clause in our deed covering this point, which specifically states:— "Said party of the second part, by the acceptance of this deed, covenant and agrees, as a covenant running with the land thereby conveyed . . . that the said property or any part thereof will not be sold, rented or conveyed to any person of any race other than the Caucasian race." If you will call at this office in the near future, bringing with you your contract and all receipts to you from this office, we will gladly refund all moneys paid by you according to your contract with us. Yours very truly, (Signed) C. C. GLEESON, Promotion Department, The New York Tribune. EDITORIAL EXAGGERATION MR. JOHN M. PARKER, of New Orleans, an owner of plantations has bee n talking recently. He says after the usual twaddle about his "Ne gro Mammy" that "the southern Negro I has every opportunity that the white man has and it is unfair to say that we have taken advantage of him. Most of the blame lies at the door of the Negro himself." To this we may add an extraordinary speech made by a colored "doctor" Wilkins at Little Rock, Ark., in which he says: "Does anyone believe that Lincoln would ever have signed a paper in which he could have foreseen such a saturnalia of wickedness as reigned over the South during the days of reconstruction ?" And finally W. M. McDonald, of Texas, a man for whom THE CRISIS has hitherto had the greatest respect, rushed into print after the Trotter affair to defend the President and up-braid Mr. Trotter. What are we going to do with persons of this sort? They all know better. Mr. Parker knows that the exploitation of Negro laborers by white southerners, the denial of their political rights and the caste system which has been built up is nothing more than organized theft and degradation for just as many of the 8,000,000 southern Negroes as the system is able to hold down. Wilkins knows or ought to know that the current tales of the horrors of Reconstruction are three-fourths false, and that Reconstruction was one of the most successful experiments in democracy that a free country ever made. Mr. McDonald has more respect for Mr. Trotter's brave action than he has for himself and he said what he did because he thought his banking and real estate interests demanded it from a Negro living in Texas. What, then, are we to do? Nothing. Such exaggerated statements answer themselves. MONTICELLO A M a student in University and my home is at Monticello, Ga., where the recent notorious lynching took place. I know the family well and I thought the following facts which I know to be true might help you to get a more correct idea of the affair than you could otherwise get. (1) The boy murdered was generally known to be plainly "feeble-minded." (2) According to the statement of my mother, it is generally believed in the town of Monticello that the other members of the family never attempted to harm the officer until he had needlessly struck their mother! (3) One of the girls, Eula, went through grammar school, always leading her classes in spelling and grammar. (I was in grammar school with her.) (4) The members of the family, except the father, were not notoriously bad. (5) The "lynchers" chose the most law-abiding and respectable colored section of the town for the scene of the murder and paraded the victims through another colored section in route to the place of carnage. (6) The "mob" warned the only colored doctor in the town (Dr. Turner, of McGill) not to have anything to do with the dead or wounded and frightened him to such an extent that he is thinking of leaving the town. Very truly yours, THE THE BATTLE. OF NEW ORLEANS THE Louisiana Historical Society has been cele brating the centennial of the Battle of New Or leans . Neighboring states were invited, the English Consul sent a gracious message, the Government sent a warship and the President sent a representative. There were white soldiers, white orators and white school children but the colored people had no part. Evidently the erudite association quite forgot that little speech which General Jackson made to his colored troops December 18, 1814: "To the Men of Color: Soldiers! From the shores of Mobile I collected you to arms; I invited you to share in the perils and to divide the glory of your white countrymen. I expected much from you, for I was not uninformed of those qualities which must render you so formidable to an invading foe. I knew that you could endure hunger and thirst and all the hardships of war. I knew that you loved the land of your nativity, and that, like ourselves, you had to defend all that is most dear to man. But you surpass my hopes. I have found in you, united to these qualities, that noble enthusiasm which impels to great deeds. "Soldiers! The President of the United States shall be informed of your conduct on the present occasion; and the voice of the representatives of the American nation shall applaud your valor, as your general now praises your ardor. The enemy is near. His sails cover the lakes. But the brave are united; and if he finds us contending among ourselves, it will be for the prize of valor and fame, its noblest reward." CRISIS THE WHITE CHRIST IT seems fair to judge the Christianity of whit e folk by two present day developments: the World War and "Billy" Sun day. As to the wide spread and costly murder that is being waged today by the children of the Prince of Peace comment is quite un necessary. It simply spells the failure of Christianity. As to "Billy" Sunday there is room for opinions. Personally we do not object to him; he is quite natural under the circumstances and a fit ex pression of his day. He is nearly the same thing as the whirling dervish, the snake dancer and devotee of "Mumbo Jumbo." Such methods of appealing to primitive passions and emotions have been usual in the history of the world. Today they are joined, in the case of Mr. Sunday, to picturesque abuse of the English language, unusual contor tions and a curious moral obtuseness which allows Mr. Sunday to appropriate a whole speech belonging to Robert In gersol and use it as his own. The result has been a large number of converts and widespread demand for Mr. Sunday's services. All this seems necessary. Evi dently Mr. Sunday's methods are the only ones that appeal to white Christians. Reason does not appeal. Suffering and poverty does not appeal. The lynching and burning of human beings and tortur ing of women has no affect. But the contortions of Mr. Sunday bring people down the "saw-dust" trail. Selah! But hereafter let no white man sneer at the medicine men of West Africa or the howling of the Negro revival. The Negro church is at least democratic. It welcomes everybody. It draws no color line. THE WHITE WITCH THE WHITE WITCH By JAMES WELDON JOHNSON O, brothers mine, take care ! Take care! The great white witch rides out to-night, Trust not your prowess nor your strength ; Your only safety lies in flight; For in her glance there is a snare, And in her smile there is a blight. The great white witch you have not seen ? Then, younger brothers mine, forsooth, Like nursery children you have looked For ancient hag and snaggled tooth ; But no, not so; the witch appears In all the glowing charms of youth. Her lips are like carnations red, Her face like new-born lilies fair, Her eyes like ocean waters blue, She moves with subtile grace and air, And all about her head there floats The golden glory of her hair. But though she always thus appears In form of youth and mood of mirth, Unnumbered centuries are hers, The infant planets saw her birth; The child of throbbing Life is she, Twin sister to the greedy earth. And back behind those smiling lips, And down within those laughing eyes, And underneath the soft caress Of hand and voice and purring sighs The shadow of the panther lurks, The spirit of the vampire lies. For I have seen the great white witch, And she has led me to her lair, And I have kissed her red, red lips And cruel face so white and fair; Around me she has twined her arms, And bound me with her yellow hair. I felt those red lips burn and sear My body like a living coal; Obeyed the power of those eyes As the needle trembles to the pole; And did not care although I felt The strength go ebbing from my soul. Oh! she has seen your strong young limbs, And heard your laughter loud and gay, And in your voices she has caught The echo of a far off day, When man was closer to the earth; And she has marked you for her prey. She feels the old Antaean strength In you, the great dynamic beat Of primal passions, and she sees In you the last besieged retreat Of love relentless, lusty, fierce, Love pain-ecstatic, cruel-sweet. O, brothers mine, take care ! Take care ! The great white witch rides out to-night! O, younger brothers mine, beware! Look not upon her beauty bright; For in her glance there is a snare, And in her smile there is a blight. THE CRISIS LINCOLN By T. J. CALLOWAY LINCOLN, Maryland, has a plan to establish without restriction as to race, but primarily by, for and of colored persons, a community with its own municipal government, schools, churches, c o m m e r cial an d industrial life. T o the superficial observer this plan may appear to be a surrender to t h e vicious segregation sentiment tha t would forcibly separate colored people from others. To the student, however, the voluntary association of families at Lincoln and under similar movements is rather to be regarded as an application of the homeopathic principle— similia similibus curantur, which may be freely translated as saying that disease germs contain the means for their own destruction. If we accept the American prob- THE PARK THE STATION lem before us as a condition rather than a theory, we are agreed that Negroes must unite for effective progress, how ever much we may differ as to abstract principles involved. In the winter of 1908-9, The Lincoln Land and Improvement Company, of Washington, D. C , Incorporated, was chartered with a capital stock of $200,000, to build a town. After considering many sites the company purchased a beautiful tract of land on t h e Washington, Baltimore an d Annapolis Electric Railroad. With due surveys and grading the future city was given birth and christened Lincoln, Maryland. The engineers wer e instructed to make things roomy, hence streets are 50, 60 and 70 feet wide. The building lots are 50 feet wide by 150 feet deep. These lots ar e sold for $270 each under a title, building and improvement bond, on eas y monthly payments of $10.00 dow n and $4.00 per month. The bond provides LINCOLN 241 MR. CALLOWAY'S HOME that should the purchaser die while mak ing his payments a deed shall issue to the decedent's family or heirs without fur ther payment. There is a complete water system that furnishes spring water under pressure to all the homes; there are about a score of homes built and build ing, a church, a brick yard, a store and hotel. But the story of Lincoln cannot be told so well by sat tistics as by personal sketches. Here are four : I. T. Hatton attended the public schools of Washington, D. C, graduated from the Armstrong High School, and prepared himself as an architect. He elected to reside in Lincoln and was among the first to plan and cause to be erected his own hom e here. Through his guidance we have bee n able to maintain a high standard o f excellence in Lincoln home planning. He maintains an office in Washington City and thus is in touch with the larger business world. Hi s leadership at Lincoln has helped us and we have helped him b y putting practically all our business of d e signing into his hands. F. W. Holland, a native of Virginia, learned carpentry in Howard University's Industrial Department. He was induced to come to Lincoln to take charge of the construction of on e home. His work was so satisfactory that he has been engaged to construct or supervise other homes. Having familiarized himself wit h local conditions and prepared himself to eliminate unnecessary expense h e can build homes a t a pric e far below others and thus save us much money. By this arrangement he has steady work and we are assured of honest and faithful construction by a neighbor and friend rather than the doubtful quality of work by intinerant mechanics. W. A. Davis conducted a grocery store in Philadelphia for some dozen of years in close competition with others, so that DR. SEATON'S HOME THE CRISIS he could never make much financial head way. He sold his business, came to Lincoln and has con structed an d equipped a building tha t serves for a store, dining room, hotel a n d resid e n c e . With cows giving milk and the other sources of income he is making good, and at the same tim e is affording the community a merchant in full sympathy with our best ambitions, a man ready fully to co-operate in ail MR. T. J. movements for the progress of Lincoln. Dr. Daniel P. Seaton was a grown man when President Lincoln issued the Emancipation Proclamation. He grasped the first opportunity for education, finally succeeded in being awarded a medical diploma from a Philadelphia medical college and later took special studies in the theological department of Howard University. As was customary in earlier years, he combined the practice of medicine with the ministry. He found it too much labor to do both, so gave up medicine. He has made some three trips to Palestine and has published a book, "The Land of Promise." Dr. Seaton has been thrifty and owns unencumbered real estate in Washington, D. C, Baltimore, Md.. and Chester, Pa. He had the means to purchase a home wherever he desired, but he chose Lincoln, where his home has been planned by an architect, built by carpenters, plasterers, tinners, furnace men, etc., all of his own race. His residence there is a source of inspiration to his neighbors. He is the "Grand Old Man" at Lincoln, as might have been seen when th e whole community joined in a surprise testimonial on hi s recent birthday. The foregoing sketches are types and illustrations. It is not the men alone who are worthy of note. Except for the difficulty o f stating the case, the facts as to Lincoln women would be of eve n greater interest. The Alpha Progressive Club is the special organ of the women, be-i n g an outgrowth o f th e Lincoln Citizens CALLOWAY Association, composed of both sexes, which is performing some of the functions of a city council and chamber of commerce. As Lincoln is but 14 miles from the heart of Washington City, 26 miles from Baltimore and directly between these cities its citizens have the advantage of being accessible to employment in either city and within easy reach of their markets over a choice of transportation by trolley, steam railway or driveway. If the future of Lincoln can be prophesied from its brief past it is destined to meet a situation forced upon the colored people. If we have learned voluntarily to unite in churches, fraternal societies, schools and apartments we shall find some additional conveniences if we voluntarily unite in communities of our own choosing. Then, and not until then, will we, as a race, learn to feed, clothe and house ourselves, an operation effectively performed by the slowly creeping snail but a lesson yet to be learned by some of those higher creatures that claim to be made "in God's own image." AN OLD FOLKS' HOME IT is noticeable that the number of one to expect. The reason for this is colored people asking charity in hard the large amount of unrecorded and pertimes like the present is much less than sonal charity that takes place inside the the great poverty of the race would lead race lines: the cheerful helping of neigh AN OLD FOLKS' HOME bors, the adoption of children and the care of the old. In the latter work Negro charity has become institutional and the old folks' home is perhaps the most characteristic Negro charity. There are today in the United States not less than one hundred homes supported and conducted very largely by colored people. One of them, the Home for Aged and Infirm Colored Persons at Philadelphia, was endowed by a colored man in 1864 with a capital of about $100,000. Philanthropic whites have added to this until the Home's property now is worth $400,000. In other cases, as in Springfield, Mass.. a colored man, Primus Mason, founded a home for all races; and in New Bedford, a colored woman, Miss Elizabeth" C. Carter, has a home for which she has collected over $35,000. This article refers primarily to the Home for Aged Colored People in Cleveland, Ohio. It was founded by Mrs. Eliza Bryant in 1893 and incorporated in 1896. The present property containing eleven rooms and all improvements was purchased in 1901, burned down soon after, but reoccupied in 1902. The home is valued at $11,725, with a mortgage indebtedness of $4,000. The home collects through donations, entertainments and the like about $2,200 a year. There is a house furnishing committee which collected $373 worth of furniture last year; there is a $15,000 campaign committee which is hard at work. The institution is conducted by a board of trustees consisting of twenty persons of whom four are men and the rest women. The home is a member of the Cleveland Federation for Charity and Philanthrophy and thus receives advice and co-operation in the latest philanthropic methods. This institution together with dozens of similar institutions throughout the United States call for the sympathy and co-operation of all right-minded people. THE COLORED OLD FOLKS' HOME AT CLEVELAND TH E CRISIS AN OPEN WINDOW CLASS By AGNES P. BERRY, M. D. OUR open window class began its existence September, 1914, at the Thomas Durban School, Philadelphia. This school under Mr. J. R. P. Brock, has already aroused considerable interest by the original lines along which it is working out the problem of vocational training, for children in the southern section of the city. The room chosen for our open window experiment was a pleasant sunny room, southern exposure, equipped as any other modern school room with the exception of the desk chairs, of various sizes. These chairs could be moved back against the walls in one minute, and the floor space cleared for gymnastics. We devoted five minutes in every hour to these exercises, for deep breathing and chest development, and on very cold days, simple warming exercises. The children for the class were carefully selected from the pupils of the second, third and fourth grades. The Medical Inspectors went carefully over the children examining and selecting only those most in need of the treatment. The homes of these children were then each in turn visited by "The Home and School Visitor." The parents were interviewed, the plans and objects of the class explained and the consent obtained to have the child enrolled. The parents were glad to cooperate and we find ourselves at this time with more than enough children scattered throughout the regular classes, to form an additional open window class. When we assembled for the first time, we found a most discouraging looking aggregation. W e had collected the anaemic, the rachitic, the flat and narrow chested—in fact almost every variety of the devitalized and poorly nourished. With few exceptions they were listless, inert, and retarded in their studies. Added to this, many were morose and irritable and a large percentage were exceptional disciplinary cases. W e tried to persuade ourselves that we felt very hopeful about them and so we began. Each child was provided with a woolen blanket, sweater, cap, gloves, and a little rug for the feet on very cold days. Throughout the term the windows were kept open, except on two or three exceptionally cold days when it became necessary to bring the temperature up to our SO degrees Fahrenheit. After the fifteen minute morning assembly, the children were taken to the basement, given a warm shower bath and vigorous rubbing, under Miss Richardson's supervision. Returning to the class room each child was served with a hot breakfast, and at 10 o'clock, the children had cleared away the dishes and were ready for the routine class work. These breakfasts were provided by Miss Alice Boughton of The Home and School League, who has had great success in serving these school lunches throughout the city. For three cents apiece, each child was served with breakfast, the children bringing whatever they could and the deficit being made up from an emergency school fund which we try to keep on hand. After breakfast the children were taught in groups, according to their standing. They were given the usual morning and afternoon recess periods and the physical exercises for 5 minutes, every hour. Regularly during the term the School Nurse and the Medical Inspector have weighed and measured each child and kept careful record of every gain. These children whose age averaged 11 years were found in the beginning to be below the average 70 pounds of the normal 11 year old child. They gave an average weight of 68 2-3 pounds. After 6 months in the open window class they showed a gain of 6 1-3 pounds each, making an average of 75 pounds. These results have been watched with much interest by our many visitors and even by the newspapers who have taken such kindly interest in our experiment. We who have been with these children day after day have been more than grati fied by the improvement which the gain in pounds and inches alone does not en PAEAN 245 tirely show. There is such a difference in the increased vitality, the alertness of these one time dull and listless little ones. The discipline which was at first "A Problem" now requires but passing attention at rare intervals. These children now are alert and interested in their work; they are no longer quarrelsome and irritable as at first, and life to them seems worth living. Then 'too, they carry into their homes, their little lessons on the importance of ventilation and sunshine. They are no longer satisfied as formerly to be shut up in a room with every breath of fresh air shut out. Throughout the entire country people are beginning to take notice of the effects of the widely spreading fresh air crusade. In New York City open window classes were opened during the past term without the equipment as we have been using it here. The windows were kept open and the regular class workfollowed—the children being permitted to keep on their out door clothing. Only a few months ago, the National Open Air Association was organized to advocate and spread the doctrine of fresh air teaching. The officers and members came from many states in the Union— North, South, East and West, each sending its quota. Thus our class is only one of the small beginnings, which we hope may have more far reaching effects in the future. PAEAN By OTTO L. BOHANAN Keep me in chains ! I defy you ! That is a pow'r I deny you! I will sing! I will rise! Up! T o the lurid skies- With the smoke of my soul, With my last breath, Tar-feathered, I shall cry: Ethiopia shall not die! And hand in hand with Death, Pass on! I shall not curse you. But singing-My singing! fatefully ringing Till startled and dumb You falter, the sum Of your crime shall reveal—• This do I prophesy . . . O Heart wrung dry! Awake 1 Startle the world with thy cry : Ethiopia shall not die! THE CRISIS THE FIGHT IN CONGRESS "1^7TLL the Sixty-third Congress ad * ^ journ without passing some measure of discrimination against the Negro? This is the question that is agitating the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People. The present Congress will long be remembered for its Negro baiting and may before adjournment, or even in extra session write its name in history. During these last crowded days, while attention is engrossed by the Merchant Marine, the Army and Navy bills and other important measures, a few tireless Bourbons are quietly redoubling their efforts to push through anti-Negro legislation. Undoubtedly it would be embarrassing for them to return to their southern constituents without being able to report the enactment of a single hostile law against the Negro. The real menace lies in the possibility of trading votes. Northern members with no prejudices or convictions on the race question may be willing to vote for anti-Negro legislation in return for votes on other measures in which they are interested. The anti-intermarriage bill, with its appeal to general ignorance and prejudice, may go through on this account. Already it has been jammed through the House with the speed and secrecy which is a characteristic procedure of the South in all such proposed legislation in Congress. These bills arc usually brought up suddenly without warning when there are few members present and rushed through committees with no time for hearings by legislators. These same men, however, paid at the rate of twenty dollars a day can on occasion remain in session all night to filibuster in speeches eleven hours or more long. It is such stuff that fills the Congressional Record, the most expensive free-speech organ in the world. The National Association for the Advancement of Colored People has, however, been standing on guard. It employs in each branch at Congress a man whose duty it is to keep it informed by mail and telegram of all proceedings affecting colored people. These men are also in close touch with the District of Columbia branch which acts as a Congressional committee in Washington, cooperating with the headquarters in New York and leading the fight locally. Branches, members, officers and friends all over the country co-operate by pouring telegrams, letters and petitions into Congress and even appearing before committees at hearings. This is the machinery that defeated the amendment to the Immigration Bill as told in the February CRISIS. Last year a series of discriminating measures, anti-intermarriage bills, "Jim-Crow"' car bills, etc., were quietly asphyxiated. The dangerous segregation bill for colored civil servants was killed in the committee through the work of Mr. Archibald Grirnke, President of the District of Columbia Branch. The work on the Smith-Lever Bill has already been described in THE CRISIS for March and • April, 1914. Never has Congress, however, so engrossed the attention of our Association as during the last two months. Hardly a day passes without bringing a telegram announcing some new legislation affect ing colored people. In addition to the anti-intermarriage bill which has passed the House and is before the Senate District of Columbia Committee, there are six "Jim-Crpw" car bills in the House and one of these, the Clark Bill, has been favorably reported by the House District Committee and may come up for action any day. The Association, and especially the District of Columbia Branch, is working hard against these measures, knowing well that "Jim-Crow" car legislation in Washington means the spread of such laws in border cities and perhaps even further North. Already St. Louis is trying to pass a segregation ordinance which the local branch of our Association is helping to fight. A Committee of Thirty composed of fifteen white and fifteen colored Men has been organized there for this work. N. A. A. C. P. Last year in Michigan the Detroit Branch defeated an anti-intermarriage bill. This year a general eugenics law is proposed in that state, prohibiting the marriage of idiots, imbeciles, insane, etc., and in the very first clause the intermarriage of whites and persons of Negro descent is forbidden. This vicious mixing of measures makes it difficult to fight the proposition and disentangle the race discrimination from the other features. The eugenic features have already won for the bill the support of most of the women's clubs in Michigan and of many of the churches and welfare societies. It is the task of our local branch to enlighten these well-meaning but mistaken people. THE NEGRO-BAITERS A STUDY of the vote on these dis criminating measures is suggested to CRISIS readers. They were as follows : Is your representative here ? AFRICAN EXCLUSION AMENDMENT Senate Vote. Yeas, 29; Nays, 25 ; Not voting. 42. YEAS—29 ASHURSI Lee. Md. Smith, S. C. Borah Marline, N. J. Sterling Bryan Mvei a Sutherland Chamberlain Overman Swanson Clarke, Ark. Poindextcr Thornton Fletcher VardamanReed Sheppard James Williams Hardwick White Simmons Srni'h, Anx. JOHNSON Works Smith, Ga. TTERN House Vote: Yeas, 75 Nays, 252 ; Not voting, 99. YEAS—75 Ahercrombie Floyd, Ark. Ragsdale Adamson Garner Ravburn Aiken Garrett, Tex. Rouse Aswell Goodwin, Ark. Sherley Barkley • Gregg Sissnn Bartlett Hardy Smalt Beall, Tex. Harrison Smith, Tex. Blackmon Hangcn Stephens. Miss. Sumners BORLAND Hen in Talbott, Md. Burgess Huehes, On. Talcott, N. Y. Brockson Helm Humphreys, M ISS.Taylor, AH. Bvrnes, S. C. Taylor, Ark. Candler, Miss. Tacoway Thomas Church K itch in Thompson, Okl Caraway .Tohnson, S. ('. Collier Lazaro TRIBBLE Crisp Lee, Ga. Underwoo 1 Dent LEVER Vaughan Dupre Lewis. Md. Vinson Eagle Linthicuni Watkins Edwards Moon Watson Estopinal Morgan, La. Weave,Ferris Oldfield Whaley Finley Park Wingo Quin Young, Tex. Flood, Va. ANTI-INTERMARRIAGE P&gt;ILL House Vote Yeas, 2.&gt;S; Nays, 60; Not voting, 126. YEAS—23S A heTOO mLie Francis Old FIE 1.1 Adair Frenr O'Shaun essy Adamson French Padgett Aiken Gallagher Pace, N. C. Alexander Gallivan Paige, Mass. Ashhrook Card Palmer Aswell Gai ncr Park Avis 1 larrett, Tenn. Patton, Pa, Bnilev Garrett, Tex Peterson Baker Godwin, N . Phclan c. Rarkley Goodwin, A RK, Pliimley Barn hart Gordon Porter Rartlett Gorman Pou Barton Goulden Prouty Rcakes Graham, 111. Quin Beall, Tex. Gray Ragsdale Bell, Cal. Greene, Vt. Rainey Rlackmnn Gregg Raker Rorchei'3 Gudger Ravburn Rorland Hamlin Reed Rowdle Hardy Reilly, Wis. Britten Harris Riordan Rrocksen Harrison Rogers Rrown, N. V. Hay Rouse Rrumbaugb, Havden Rubey Rry-in Haves Russell Ruchanan, 111. HeHin Seldomridge Buchanan. Tex. Helm Sells Rurgess Helvering Sherley Burke, Wis. Henry Sims Rurnett Hensley Sinnott Byrnes, S. C. Hill Sisson Byrns, Tenn. Hobson Slavden Candler, Miss. Holland Slemp Cantrill Houston Sloan Caraway Howard Small Carlin Howell Smith, Idaho Carr Hughes, Ga. Smith, N . Y. Carter Hughes, W . Va. Smith, Sami; W . Church Hull Smith, Tex. CHrk, Fla. Humphreys, Miss.Sparkman (Mine Jacoway Stedman ('-indv Tohnson, Ky Stephens, C-l. Collie? .Tohnson, S. Stephens, Miss. Connelly, Vans. Keating c. Stephens, Nelir. ('onnollv, Irjwa Kennedv, Omn. Stephens, TEX. Cox Key, Ohio Stevens, K. II. Cramton Kiess, Pa.^ Stone &lt; Vis;&gt; Kinkaid, NelIR. Stout Curry Kirkualrick 1 ivcnpoi t Kitchin ] -ckcr Konop 5 utherland 1 &gt;eitrick Korbly Taggart 1 )ent Langlcy Tavenner Lee, Ga. Taylor, Ala. I Dickinson Lee,Taylor,Dcrsheri Pa. Ark. Lever Taylor, Colo. Dillon Lewis, Md. Thomas Dixo-i Dies Lieh Thompson, ()!,' Donob e Lloyd Treadway Donovai Lobeck Tribble Dooling Loncrgan Underbill Doolitll ; McAndit ws Underwood Dorenius McGilliciiddy Vaughan MeKellar Vinson1 &gt;oughton McKenzie VollmerDriscoll McLaughlin Walker Eaale Maguire, NeIn. Watkins Edward i Dupre Mali an Watson Estopin.il Mapi s Weaver Ferguson Martin Webb Ferris Mitchell Whaley Fields Montague White Finley Moon William3 FitzHenry Morgan. ' )k!a. Wingo Flood, Va. Moss, lnd. Winslow Flovd, Ark. Mulkey Woods Fordncy Mu rray Young, TEX . Foster Neeley, Kan: Fowler Nolan, J. I. THE CRISIS ERNEST EVERETT JUST Born in Charleston. S. C , 1883 ; A. B., Magna cum laude, Dartmouth, 1907 ; Phi Beta Kappa ; Professor of Physiology, Howard University Medical School, Washington, D. C, SPINGARN MEDALIST, 1914 For distinguished research in Physiology and1 Biology. N. A. A. C. P. THE CHAIRMAN'S SECOND ANNUAL TOUR THE chairman of the Board of Directors, Dr. J. E. Spingarn, has just returned from his second annual tour, and brings reports of a profound awakening interest in our cause throughout the Middle West. He spoke in fourteen Western cities, to audiences of various kinds, and received the most enthusiastic response wherever he spoke. The tour began at Pittsburgh on January 10th. Dr. Spingarn spent two days in that city, speaking at the First Unitarian Church, the Bethel A. M. E. Church, the St. James A. M. E. Church, at a luncheon of the Hungry Club, and to the students in sociology at the University of Pittsburgh. At Columbus, O., he addressed an enormous audience in the Auditorium of the Chamber of Commerce, from which hundreds were turned away for lack of room, and he spoke to the students of Ohio State University the following morning. At Springfield, Ohio, he spoke at the North Street A. M. E. Church, and to the students of Wittenberg College. In Dayton, Ohio, he spoke to a very large gathering at the Y. M. C. A. Hall, being introduced by D. F. Farland, Director of Public Welfare of the City; and the next day he was a guest at a luncheon given by the Greater Dayton Association, at which the Mayor and various other representative men and women were present. In Cincinnati, he spoke at the Douglass School Auditorium; and at Springfield, Ill., at the First M. E. Church, the Union Baptist Church, and St. Paul's A. M. E. Church. He was not scheduled to speak at Kansas City, but on arriving to spend the night there, he found a large crowd waiting for him at the colored Y. M. C. A., at 11 P. M. His address in St. Joseph, Mo., at the Francis Street Baptist Church, was heard by the Mayor of the city and a number of other local men of eminence. At Des Moines, Iowa, where he spoke in the Corinthian Baptist Church, he was introduced by Governor Clarke of Iowa, and among those on the platform were Attorney General Cossum, Harvey Ingham, editor of the Register and Leader, and other notables. He was introduced by ex-Congressman John L. Kennedy in Omaha, Neb., where he spoke in the Council Chamber of the City Hall. At St. Paul, Minn., he met the local branch at an informal conference, delivered an address to a large audience at the First Methodist Church, where he was introduced by Lieutenant Governor Burnquist, and met some thirty representative white women at a parlor conference in the home of Mrs. C. P. Noyes. At Minneapolis, he was a guest at a luncheon given by the Saturday Lunch Club, and he also spoke at a meeting in the Unitarian Church; at the luncheon there was an informal discussion following his address, in which a brother of Secretary Daniels, from North Carolina, took part. Here, as well as elsewhere, his audience voted to send protests to Washington against segregation and all other forms of persecution of colored people. At Toledo, Ohio, he spoke at the Warren A. M. E. Church where he was introduced by Judge Chittenden of the Court of Appeals, as well as at a luncheon of the Toledo Commerce Club; and the tour closed at Buffalo, N. Y., where he spoke in Perkins Memorial Hall of the Y. M. C. A. This tour, like the one a year ago, resulted in the widest publicity in the white as well as the colored press. The Cincinnati Times-Star, Toledo Times, Des Moines Tribune, and other dailies, featured his visit on the first page, and the newspapers of every city devoted columns of news to his speeches. All sorts and conditions of people, white and black, heard his pleas for justice, including business and professional men, college students and professors, and even society women. It is too early to estimate the number of members who have joined our Association as a result of his tour, but the number will probably be between five hundred and a thousand. The New York News, after pointing out that Mayor Spiegel had ordered the word "white" stricken from the rules of qualification for membership in the Cincinnati Fire Department, says: "This elimination of an odious color line coming so closely on the heels of Prof. Spingarn's address here, has greatly encouraged the race and encourages greater interest in the N. A. A. C. P. 'Agitate, THE agitate for rights and stop compromising with segregation in return for contributions,' is the slogan here." Dr. Spingarn was preceded on this tour by Mrs. Butler R. Wilson, and Miss Katherine M. Johnson, and credit should CRISIS be given to them for their work in ar ranging the meetings. Our chariman hopes to take a similar trip next Janu ary, if his other engagements permit, and ultimately he expects to cover and organ ize the whole country in the interest of our cause. THE BURDEN FO X FIRE ON January 5th, the first recitation day of the New Year, there appeared at the Howard University Chapel exercises a Mr. Osborne, of Iowa, president of the American Colortype Co., who was attending the conference of the Popular Government League then in session in the city. Mr. Osborne was called upon by the president for words of greeting, and during his speech advised the students of Howard University as follows: "Do not worry over your circumscribed opportunities. There are 10,000,000 of your people in this country and there is as much to be done among yourselves—colored doctors attending colored people, colored lawyers getting colored people out of trouble and keeping them out, colored ministers preaching to them, etc.— as any colored brain can master. . . . Do not mind the ugly, mean, unchristian prejudice that does you wrong in this country. You cannot destroy it in a day, nor can you dispel it by resolutions. And my advice to you is not to join any of the organizations that attempt to demand your rights. You'll never get them that way! Do you know how prejudice will disappear? Only by education; by the education of black people and the education of white people." At the utterance of these words a silence so deep that it was painful, fell over the chapel, and all else that the speaker said was lost. The tenseness of the situation can well be imagined when the work of the College Chapter of the N. A. A. C. P. here is remembered; and only the courtesies of the occasion and the belief that the speaker was wholly misinformed in what he was saying permitted him to continue uninterrupted and unenlightened. He was taken to task, however, after the chapel exercises by the faculty member with whom he was visiting; and he sent word to the student body on Friday, through that officer, that his remarks had been entirely misunderstood. He is reported as being in complete sympathy with the obtaining by the Negro of his full manhood rights, and as favoring organization for the securing of them. "What he meant," said the interlocutor, "is that prejudice is so mean and unreasoning that it cannot be reached or overcome by merely fighting it, but that education must eradicate it." This attempt did not, however,- sufficiently explain what Mr. Osborne really meant to say. Immediately following the statement made in his defense, secretary George William Cook arose and made a speech showing the necessity of organization for the advancement of any cause, and pointing in signal fashion to the work of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People. Secretary Cook spoke more feelingly than he ever has upon this subject, and continued applause from the entire student body drew him from his seat in acknowledgment twice after he had concluded. The incident has done much to impress upon the students of Howard University the importance of enlisting in the service of the N. A. A. C. P. THE BURDEN 2S1 FROM JACKSONVILLE, FLA. THE case of Sam Tuckett was particu larly brutal and cowardly. It seems that the white collector. Smith, who, by the way, catered to the colored trade, went to Tuckett's house to collect and was cursing his wife when Tuckett came out and told him not to curse his wife, but to curse him, whereupon, Smith pulled a pistol from under his seat and shot him fatally. It is said that the wounded man begged his wife for a cup of water but Smith stood over him with the pistol and dared her to come near him. A white man across the street kept yelling to him, "Shoot the Nigger again." At the coroner's inquest, where Smith was exonerated, he claimed that Tuckett was advancing towards him with a knife; later on he changed it to a hatchet. As Tuckett, as well as the other murdered Negroes were all shot in the back, he could not have been advancing towards him. Through the efforts of the Negroes who called the mass meeting, Smith has been indicted by the Grand Jury for murder in the first degree and both he and another white man are being held without bond. To the credit of the state attorney, it must be said that he is willing to do his best to bring to justice all such cowardly murderers when the proper steps are taken to bring the matter before him. It seems also that the members of the Grand Jury were surprised to learn that so many Negroes had been killed. The officers of the law here will shoot down a Negro sooner than they will a stray dog on the street and will fire at random in the colored districts, not caring whom they hit. Chas. Anderson, treasurer of the B. M. C, leading wholesale fish-dealer in Florida, president of the colored bank here narrowly escaped a bullet through his head early one evening, on one of the most populous streets here, by stepping behind a post, when one of the officers was firing at a colored woman on the street. Jacksonville contains some of the most progressive and wealthy Negroes in the country, and yet, despite the large amount of taxes which they pay, the City School for Colored here is a disgrace to any community. It is very unsanitary and unsafe, being a dilapidated structure. The teachers are humiliated in every conceivable way and usually get their appointments just the day before school opens when a notice is put in the daily paper here. Of course, the white teachers are appointed just after their schools close. m Portsmouth, N. H., December 19, 1914. My dear Dr. Du Bois:— Miss Patillo has been known to me for many years: I knew her mother before her. I have never heard anything but praise of her life in the community. Nor was there any charge of unfitness. I am sorry to tell you that there was no possible grounds for her rejection except that she happens to be a few shades darker than the rest and there was a fear that there might be others who might consider themselves "girls over fourteen" and desire to enter the club.. It may be of interest to you to know that I spent an entire evening with the Board of Directors and the Advisory Committee of the Club upon this question. I have been connected with the club ever since its inception and I have felt some responsibility for its success. It is of interest, also, to know that every member of the Advisory Committee (all of them women of mature years) favored the continuance of Miss Patillo in the club. The matter of final action remains with the girls of the club and I am very sure that the officers decided the matter. The result is that I am convinced that I am of no use as an Advisory member and I have felt that, in order to be consistent, I must resign, which I have done. I should be false to the memory of my sainted mother, whose eyes always saw beneath the pigment in the skin and respected, and taught her children to respect a man or woman according to character, if I did not stand strongly upon the matter. With the hope that our children's children may at least live to see a time when race discrimination will be a thing of the past and regretting that the time is not yet, I am Very truly yours, Mary I. Wood. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER The Value of Life Insurance To Colored People Is a text from which a little sermon could well be preached in every colored church in America. There is scarcely a family whose members do not have some sort of Policy in some sort of Company or Society or Order. These are usually for just enough to give a decent burial. The funeral expenses take practically all the proceeds and there is nothing left to meet the obligations which face the widow after she returns from the funeral. The problem of rent, food, clothes, books and school expenses for the children are not theories. When the grocer's boy brings the package he wants the money; and when the landlord calls he wants the rent. The man who carried $50 to $200 in a weekly benefit society or a secret society on the assessment plan earned enough and could easily have paid the premium on $1,000 to $5,000 in an old line legal reserve life insurance company whose rates are fixed and subject to no assessment, if he only had known. He could have made impossible the long hours of bending over a needle or the cook stove or the wash tub that came to his widow, if he had carried the necessary amount of life insurance. He could have assured his beautiful daughter the education she desired, the amusements she wanted, the clothes she craved—and which she got, somehow. He could have kept his boy in school and he would have grown up a credit to the memory of his father, a respected citizen of his community, and a successor to his father's business, instead of the wanderer or menial or ne'er-do-well. He could have changed the destiny of every member of his family! He had it in his power to make them bless his memory or bewail his shortsightedness ! What a tremendous responsibility ! Are you, reading this, preparing for the future of your family or are you leaving them to shift for themselves after you are gone? What will become of your son.-' Will he leave school and go to work prematurely? Will your daughter give up her training upon which she has just entered? Must your wife go out and hunt work to support herself and the younger children? Will you leave money enough to pay the balance due on the home you have been purchasing? Or will your wife lose the place? You can secure to those you love future independence, you can protect your obligations, you can save your business if, while you are alive, sound and well—and that is NOW—yo u secure the necessary amount of life insurance. You can secure this life insurance in a strong, well managed life insurance company which has met every requirement demanded of it, owned, organized and operated by our people, the only one of its kind in the world, at rates within your reach if you act to-day. No matter where you live we can Protect you. Tear off this coupon and mail it to-day to Please •end me particulars about STANDARD LIFE INSURANCE CO. insurance. 200 Auburn Avenue, ATLANTA, GEORGIA Amount $ Sex Capital Fully Paid -- $100,000.00 Age .... Weight. . . Over One Million and a Quarter Insurance in Force Occupatio Issues Policies from $250.00 to $5,000.00 Name ... HEMA N E. PERRY, President Address HARRY H. PACE, Secretary (C. Mar. 1915) Mention THE Crisis THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 253 $300 in 30 Days! Forty Thousand Made by one Robinson salesman. You—yourself —can positively make $6 0 and expenses every week. I want men like you, hustling, energetic, ambitious fellows, anxious to make money, who are willing to work with me. Not for me, but with me. I want you to advertise, sell, and appoint local agents for the biggest, most sensational seller in 50 years—the ROBINSON FOLDING BATH TUB. Here's an absolutely new invention that has taken the entire country by storm. Nothing else like it. Gives every home a modern up-to-date bathroom in any part of the house. No plumbing, no waterworks needed. Folds in small roll, handy as an umbrella. Self-emptying and positively unleakable. Absolutely guaranteed for 5 years. Hustlers, east, north, west, south,—coining money. Orders, orders, everywhere. Badly wanted, eagerly bought, for remember, fully 70% of homes have no bath-rooms. Immense profits for you. Two sales a day means $300 A month. Here*s proof— real proof. Breeze, of Idaho, made $400 profit in 3 0 days. Rev. Otto Schulze, Mo., got $1,600 to date. Burkholder, Mont., orders $1,072 in 17 days. Hamlinton, of Wyo., made $60 first two days. Hundreds like that. Pleasant, permanent, fascinating work. This is not idle talk. Make me prove it. Write a postcard. Let me write you A long letter. Then decide. No experience needed, no capital. Your credit is good if you mean business. But you must be ambitious, you must want to make money. That's all. Write A postcard now. I want to pay you sixty dollars every week. H. S. Robinson, Pres., The Robinson Cabinet Mfg. Co. The Easter Crisis will have a regular edition of 35,000 copies and 5,000 supplements—40,000 in all. TheEasterCrisiswillbea DOUBLE NUMBER with Sixty-eight instead of fifty-two pages 78 9 FACTORIES BUILDING TOLEDO, OHIO CANADIAN ADDRESS : WALKERVILLE, ONTARIO The Easter Crisis will have Good Words for The CRISIS I have no criticism to MAKE OF T H E CRISIS. I AM often saddened by reading IT. SUCH CRUEL INJUSTICE which your people HAVE TO FACE! THERE is A BRIGHT side, however, AND FOR THAT WE WILL REJOICE. I BELIEVE THOROUGHLY in the NEGRO RACE. YOU HAVE MY PRAYERS and sympathy IN YOUR EFFORTS TO ESTABLISH A FIRST CLASS magazine. MRS. MAR Y C. REYNOLDS, SWAMPSCOTT, MASS. While I am writing I WANT TO ADD A FEW WORDS OF praise for THE CRISIS. IT IS A REVELATION TO US AND to others who see it ON OUR TABLE—THE FACTS YOU gather. TH E CRISIS is DOING A GREAT WORK FOR OUR people, and doing it well—AND I WONDER IF YOU ARE getting subscriptions A plenty. YOU SURELY DESERVE A large list. * * * Everyone in this house IS A CRISIS SUPPORTER AND we wish you large financial RETURNS. WALTER H. PRICE, Hartford, CONN. Please renew my subscription TO T H E CRISIS FOR another year. I cannot express in WORDS how MUCH appreciate your esteemed magazine. It GIVES DOUBLE service because when I have read it I SEND it TO my brother who is a private in the 24th infantry U. S. A., stationed in the Philippines. In one of my most recent letters from my brother, he TOLD me that they had voted not long since to see which was THE MOST popular paper or magazine that comes TO the camp. He said TH E CRISIS won out. with a GREAT majority. ERNEST E. WILLIAMS, Jacksonville, Fla. Mention 1. A Cover in colors By RICHARD L. BROWN 2. A Story By CHARLES W. CHESNUTT 3. A Poem By WILLIAM STANLEY BRAITHWAITE 4.5. A Song By J. ROSAMOND JOHNSON An Easter Allegory The THEOF A THE CRISIS By W. E. B. DUBOIS And in addition Fifth Annual Report of the N. A. A. C. P. GREATEST NUMBER  GREAT MAGAZINE 254 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER = THE= Underwood is the machine upon which all World's Speed and Accuracy typewriter records have been established. THE = Underwood is the holder of the Elliott Cresson Medal for superiority of mechanical construction. UNDERWOOD "The Machine You Will Eventually Buy" UNDERWOOD BUILDING NEW YORK Mention THE Crisis TH E CRISIS MILES M. WEBB School of Practical Photography All branches of photography taught Terms reasonable. Service efficient. Three courses: Amateur, intermediate, professional. REGISTER NOW. 3519 So. STATE STREET CHICAGO, ILL. Telephone Douglass 6688 ADVERTISER Made-to-Measure Express $2.75 Prepaid Pants cut in the latest style. Made-to-your individual measure. Fit, workmanship and wear guaranteed. No Extra Charge for peg tops, DO matter how extreme you order them. Agents Wanted A good live hustler in every town to take orders for our celebrated made to meas ure clothes. Samples of all the latest materials FREE. We Pay Big Money to our agents everywhere. Turn your spare time into cash by taking orders for our stylish clothes. Write today for beautiful FREE outfit. THE PROGRESS TAILORING CO. Department 803 CHICAGO A LEGAL EDUCATION FOR LESS THAN TEN CENTS A DAY What Has the New Year to Offer You ? High Grade Legal Training and Instruction by Correspondence The Lincoln Extension University offers to each and all alike these valuable courses : College, Post Graduate, Business Law and Bar Examination Review. Improved methods, the celebrated Putney Law Library furnished free with each course. Hundreds of Lectures, Moot Court, Brief Writing, Practice, Degrees. Enroll at any time. Actual daily lessons. Not a book selling concern but a recognized Law School. Approved by Bench and Bar. Write today for free catalog giving all necessary information. This valuable course so pertinent to every American Citizen. THIS COUPON IS WORTH ELEVEN DOLLARS TO ALL WHO ENROLL To LINCOLN EXTENSION UNIVERSITY 312 South Clark Street, Chicago Please send me without obligation your valuable catalogue. Name Street and Number P. O . State Mention THE Crisis TH E CRISIS 256 TEACHERS The new efficiency era calls the modern way of selecting teachers, through a live agency that furnishes the connecting medium in a business way, saves time of school officials, relieves teachers of the embarrassment of job hunting and covers the whole country. W e have had calls for teachers from Alabama, Arkansas, Delaware, District of Columbia, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky, Maryland, Mississippi, Missouri, North Carolina, Oklahoma, Rhode Island, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia and West Virginia. Our list of teachers covers even a wider territory. for THE MUTUAL TEACHERS' AGENCY 1335 T Street, N. W . Washington, D. C. Wo. 24 Southern Buggy Highest Grade $65.00 A Value Unequaled. Sold on$1.oo Only profit Margin Factory to User Write for prices and other styles. Send for catalogs C. R. PATTERSON &amp; SONS. Greenfield Ohio Largest Negro Carriage concernin the United States. Start a Mail Order Business and Make Money You can operate in your own home during spare time. The parcel post has opened up the doors of opportunity to YOU . Others are making $20 to $500 a week. Wh y can't you? By our method you can start with $5 and up. W e offer you thirty live, money-miking mail order plans. You can make 95 cents profit of every dollar order. W e furnish circulars, printed matter and place your advertising at lowest rates. Send 10 cents for complete outfit. Do it today—Now ! MAIL DEALERS WHOLESALE HOUSE 517 Dearborn Street Chicago, Ill. PROFITABLE SPARE TIME WORK Colored agents wanted to take orders for our high grade calling cards. Big demand everywhere. Exclusive territory. Write now for samples and terms. THE HOUSE OF CHOWNING, Indianapolis, Ind. COLORED MEN WANTED TO PREPARE AS SLEEPING-CAR AND TRAIN PORTERS. No experience necessary. Positions pay $65 to $100 a month. Steady work. Standard roads. Passes and uniforms furnished when necessary. Write now. I. RY. C. I., Dept. 28, Indianapolis, Ind. THE SMALLEST BIBLE ADVERTISER BEAUTY CULTURE An art every woman should cultivate to retain the transparent, velvety complexion of youth. There's no secret or mystery about it, just use REJUVENATING CREAM' tor cleansing and massage DE LUXE POWDER for a beautiful complexion. Rejuvenating Cream, 20 cent jars. De-Luxe Powder, white, pink, or high brown, 50 cent boxes. As a profession Beauty Culture offers a digni fied and lucrative employment for young wom en. Most completely appointed Beauty Cul ture Parlors and School In the east All branches taught. Special terms for a limited time. MADAM BARREAU Bristol Building NEW BEDFORD, MASS. A NEW WAY To GetYour Clothes Free A NEW PLAN TO MAKE BIG MONEY DURING YOUR SPARE TIME Something different— better, bigger, more liberal than any offer ever made. Lower prices—better clothes— bigger cash profits—Express paid on everything. Double Pay FREE clothes and cash profits besides. We don't ask you to use your cash profits for your own clothes. Ours is a new and better plan. An Extra Present with every order. Not a prize scheme. Choose what you want, work for it and get it besides your Cash Profits. Agent's Com plete Outfit FREE, fifty-six stylish, real cloth on Earth! Size of postage stamp. New samples — fifty Fashion Plates. Inside wholesale Testament illustrated; 200 pages; samprices. Everything FREE. Get into the big ple 10c; per dozen 75c. AGENTS money-making class. Just put your name on a WANTED. The biggest wonder of the Twentieth Century. Coin $5.00 a day post card and mail it to us today. 10c selling them SPENCER MEAD CO., Dept. 303, Chicago J. JACKSON. 242 Hilliard St., Atlanta, Ga. Mention The Crisis THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 257 The Haitian Revolution 1791-1804 Or Side Lights on the French Revolution by T. G. STEWARD Professor of History in Wilberforce University and Chaplain U. S. A., Retired. This is a magnificent work, written in admirable style, giving in detail the HEROI C and MASTERFU L achievements of the slaves and free colored men of Haiti who rose up against their inhuman oppressors and made themselves free. Afterwards, when their defeated masters undertook to sell the country to the English, these Free men in black met and defeated the ably commanded English army of invasion. When Napoleon sent his fine army under command of his brother-in-law to subdue and reduce these blacks, the invincible Generals, Toussaint L'Overture, Maurepas, Dessalines and others met these veterans before whom Europe had trembled and drove them from their shores and to the amazement of the civilized world, established a tree government of Negroes which ha* endured for more than a hundred years. The book is a most entertaining and captivating historical narrative, handsomely printed and richly illustrated from paintings of the great men who made themselves immortal in their work of founding the Haitian Republic. Price, $1.25 net. Postage extra. For sale at Young's Book Exchange, 135 West 135th Street, New York T. G. Steward, Wilberforce, Ohio The CRISIS, 70 Fifth Avenue, New York Atlanta University Studies of the Negro Problems 17 Monographs Sold Separately ADDRESS ATLANTA UNIVERSITY CONFERENCE ATLANTA UNIVERSITY ATLANTA, GA. The Curse of Race Prejudice By James F. Morton, Jr., A. M. AN aggressive exposure by an Anglo-Saxon champion of equal rights. Startling facts and crushing arguments. Fascinating reading. A necessity for clear understanding and up-to-date propaganda. Belongs in the library of every friend of social justice. Price 25 cents. Send orders to JAMES F. MORTON, JR. 211 West 138th Street -:- New York, N. Y. WANTED Agents for THE CRISIS. Dignified work. 70 Fifth Avenue, New York. The Story of Wendell Phillips by CHARLES EDWARD RUSSELL "The story of the great abolitionist by a modern abolitionist." Mr. Russell says: The real emancipators of the slaves were Garrison, Phillips. John Brown and the few that, standing with them upon the exalted ground of right, despised expediency and refused to compromise. This excellent book should be an inspiration to every lover of freedom. PRICE, 50 CENTS The CRISIS, 70 Fifth Avenue, New York JUST OFF THE PRESS THE SILVER CHORD A Book of Poems by ADOLPHUS JOHNSON PRICE, $1.00 NET For sale by ADOLPHUS JOHNSON, 718 S. 19th St.. Philadelphia or THE CRISIS, 70 Fifth Avenue, New York City HAVE YOU SEEN THAT HANDSOME NEW BOOK "GOULDTOWN" A historical narrative of a unique settlement of colored people in New Jersey—over two hundred years old. It's a tine book of high literary class. Get the slogan "Buy a book by a colored author," then buy this book. Price $2.50 net. For sale at YOUNG'S BOOK EXCHANGE, 135 West 135th Street, New York, or at TH E CRISIS, 70 Fifth Avenue, New York. Mention TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS LEGAL DIRECTORY /Central 104-W Telephone*: \Main 61 HARRY E. DAVIS ATTORNEY AT-LAW NOTARY PUBLIC 1607 Williamson Building Cleveland, Ohio Office L. D. Telephone 3297 Market Residence L. D. Telephone 5277-M Market GEORGE A. DOUGLAS COUNSELOR-AT-LAW Rooms 613-614, Metropolitan Building 111 Market St., Cor. Washington, Newark, N. J. General Practice Notary Public WILLIAM R. MORRIS ATTORNEY AND COUNSELOR-AT-LAW 1020 Metropolitan Life Building Minneapolis Minn. BROWN S. SMITH ATTORNEY-AT-LAW Offices: Suite 802 Sykes Block Near Third and Hennepin Minneapolis Minn. GEORGE W. MITCHELL ATTORNEY-AT-LAW 908 Walnut Street Philadelphia Pa. Tel. 5437 Fort Hill Cable Address, Epben EDGAR P. BENJAMIN ATTORNEY AND COUNSELOR-AT-LAW 14 School Street Boston, Mass. Telephone Connection W. Ashbie Hawkins George W . F. McMechen HAWKINS &amp; McMECHEN ATTORNEYS-AT-LAW 31 East Saratoga Street Baltimore, Md. PERSONAL CARDS Telephone 5277 Morningside DR. GERTRUDE E. CURTIS SURGEON DENTIST 188 W. 135th Street New York City WILLIAM L. BELL ERNEST W. KING Associate Architects 300 Odd Fellow Bldg. ATLANTA, GA. J. E. ORMES ACCOUNTANT Audits Systems Business information by mail. Open for engagements July and August Box 25, Wilberforce University Wilberforce, O. Mention ADVERTISER REGALIA A Race Enterprise Manufacturing Badges, Banners and Supplies for all Fraternal and Church Societies. Catalog upon request. CENTRAL REGALIA CO. Jos. L. Jones, Pres. N. E. Corner 8th and Plum Streets, Cincinnati, Old* "What Better Easter Greetings to Your Friends Than A Year's Subscription to The CRISIS ONE DOLLAR PER YEAR Special offer. Five paid up yearly subscriptions sent in and paid for at one time will entitle the sender to a year's subscription free. This offer holds good until midnight, April 3d. THE CRISIS 70 FIFTH AVE., NEW YORK. A Base Ball Without a Cent of Cost to You Jersey I give you a very fine pure wool sweater; double collar and cuffs, your choice of color. Just handle forme your club's spring order for baseball goods — at special discount, and this jersey is yours. Send for complete catalog of my best grade sporting goods at wholesale prices—basketball, baseball, tennis, golf, etc. Write me now. JACK SHANNON CO. Dcpt.25,54 E.Monroe St..Cbicago WANTED—Ambitious man to open a Cleaning, Dyeing &amp; Pressing Shop in every neighborhood. W e teach you how. No capital or experience necessary. Atlas Supply House, 2003 Turner St., Philadelphia, Pa. Make$35 to $65 a week show ing this great Tailor-Book. Goods so much finer and prices so much lower, everyone sees the difference at a glance. Special Offer To prove our unequalled quality, we will let you order at the wholesale price, a Sample Suit OP even a pair of pants as low as $2.25 —and no extra charges even for the biggest peg top styles. You can now make more quick money and buy your own fine tailored clothes cheaper than you ever thought possible. We prepay the charges on every order and don't keep acent of any customer's money unless he is well pleased. Let us send you this fine sample outfit and show you how to take the most perfect measures for the finest tailoring on the market. Write us today. The Chicago Tailors' Association Dept. 737 Van Buren and Market Sts., CHICAGO T H E CRISIS Attention, Masons! A New Book of Interest to You Prince Hall and His Followers A carefully argued defense of the legitimacy of Negro Masonry in the United States, with notes and documents, by GEORGE W. CRAWFORD, 32° A graduate of Tuskegee, Talladega and Yale, formerly clerk of the Probate Court of New Haven and now a practicing lawyer there. Mr. Crawford is one of the best informed Masons in the country. COMMENTS From James F. Rikards, 33°, Most Puissant Sovereign Grand Commander, A. &amp; A. Scottish Rite : " 'Prince Hall and His Followers,' written by a scholarly Afro-American, presents to the Masonic world a treatise on the legitimacy of Negro Masonry that should be in the hands of every Mason seeking for Truth. The information contained in the chapter devoted to Prince Hall is alone worth to the young Mason the price of the book. Brother Crawford's easy and pleasing style creates in the reader a desire to complete the volume before putting the book out of his hands." From Henry A. Spencer, 33°, Grand Master and Grand Commander of Knights Templar of New York : "The book fills a long-felt want among intelligent Masons of our Race. To know that we are right, and to substantiate that fact by intelligent research and logical statements, is worth more to us than what the other fellow may say. This is what Brother Crawford's book does; and it should be in the hands of every Mason of our Race." From Jose H. Sherwood, 33°, Past Grand Master of Minnesota and Deputy Imperial Potentate of "Shriners : "A very strong brief, setting forth plainly the legitimacy of Prince Hall Masonry, and, as well, a stern call to all Negroes to assume full pride in the happy possession of a Rite which can show such clear proofs of its contentions." From William H. Grimshaw, 33°, Past Grand Master of the District of Columbia and author of "A History of Colored Freemasonry": "I have read with great pleasure 'Prince Hall and His Followers.' The book is well written, containing clear and convincing diction. The impartial accuracy with which the facts are marshalled makes the book a very valuable asset to Masons." Price One Dollar. Postage Extra. ORDER NOW AGENTS WANTED THE CRISIS 70 Fifth Avenue :: :: New York Mention TH E CRISIS A SELECTED LIST OF BOOKS These prices do not include postage. Postage extra. HOUSE BEHIND THE CEDARS. (Charles W. Chesmitt) $1.5 0 HAZEL. (Mary White Ovington) 1.00 THE AUTOBIOGRAPHY OF AN EX-COLORED MAN. (Anonymous) 1.20 LYRICS OF LOWLY LIFE. (Paul Laurence Dunbar) 1.25 THE MARROW OFTRADITION. (Charles W. Chesnutt) 1.50 THE SPORT OF THE GODS. (Paul Laurence Dunbar) 1.50 NORRIS WRIGHT CUNEY. (Maud Cuney Hare) 1.50 A NARRATIVE OF THE NEGRO. (Leila Amos Pendleton; 1.50 SOULS OF BLACK FOLK. (W. E. B. D U Bois) 1.25 RACE ADJUSTMENT. (Kelly Miller) 2.0 0 HISTORY OF THE NEGRO. (B. G. Brawley) 1.25 HALF A MAN. (Mary White Ovington) 1.00 MIND OF PRIMITIVE MAN. (Franz Boas) 1.50 AFTERMATH OF SLAVERY. (William Sinclair) 1.50 JOHN BROWN. (W. E. B. Du Bois) 1.25 NEGRO IN AMERICAN HISTORY. (J. W. Cromwell) 1.25 PRINCE HALL AND HIS FOLLOWERS. (George W. Crawford) 1.00 LIBERIA. (Frederick Starr) 1.00 FACTS OF RECONSTRUCTION. (John R. Lynch) 1.50 STORY OF THE NEGRO. 2 Volumes. (Booker T. Washington) 3.0 0 MASTERPIECES OF NEGRO ELOQUENCE. (Alice Moore Dunbar, Editor) 2.50 POEMS OFPAUL LAURENCE DUNBAR 2.00 THE AFRICAN ABROAD. 2 Volumes. (William H. Ferris) 5.00 AFRO-AMERICAN FOLKSONGS. (H. E. Krehbiel) 2.00 OUT OF THE HOUSE OF BONDAGE. (Kelly Miller) 1.50 THE COLORED INVENTOR. (Henry E. Baker) .15 A CHILD'S STORY OF DUNBAR. (Julia L. Henderson) .25 Address THE CRISIS 70 Fifth Avenue :: : : New York City Mention TH E CRISIS