The Egoist , made Published on the 1st of each month The Egoist AN INDIVIDUALIST REVIEW Formerly the NEW FREEWOMAN No. 3.—Vol. II. MONDAY, MARCH 1st, 1915. Sixpence. Editor: HARRIET SHAW WEAVER. Assistant Editor: RICHARD ALDINGTON. Contributing Editor : DORA MARSDEN, B.A. CONTENTS. "Truth and Reality." By Dora Marsden . Napoleon on Was and Warfare .... James Elroy Flecker. By Harold Monro .... From the " Mille Nuits et une Nuit." By F. S. Flint Poems. By Paul Fort ....... Some Reflections on Ernest Dowson. By Richard Aldington ......... Serial Story.—A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man. By James Joyce . . . . . .42 July Sunday. By Richard Aldington . . . .45 Fighting Paris. By Madame Ciolkowska . . . .45 Correspondence : Objective Reality—An Answer to Miss Pulley—Miss Marsden and the " I "—The Anarchist as an Archist—The Inner Voice . . . . . .47 "TRUTH AND REALITY" By Dora Marsden HALF the fun in the world would be lost did not men possess an instinct for regarding conventions. All the rules of all games and sports are based on the assurance that the players will take cognizance of the rules and will play within them. If players could "go as they pleased " in football and chess it would be the end of football and chess. Unsupported by conventions, no organized games would be possible : even an individualistic game like " Patience " is based upon a convention made with oneself, and the enjoyment of a good joke demands congenial company : congenial company being such as will appreciate the grounds upon which a man's " good joke " becomes a joke at all. Now language used as an instrument of exposition— language in the philosophic sphere that is—is just as much based on a convention as a game of football is. Did it not implicate two sides—if only those of the two points of view which any and every man comprises within himself—exposition would have no meaning. And for two parties to work or play profitably with each other they must adopt a common procedure of which the rules are accepted by both : such acceptance representing the specific convention. Language as a means of communication of meaning one to another is out and away the most important human sport—the most lasting and certain form of human enjoyment. It is a game based on signs : which signs indicate images : all mental impressions passive or active. Its great convention is that each sign shall have attached to it a precise and definite meaning—one and no more ; and while men may—and do—exploit this convention for purposes of deception in spheres other than that of philosophy by employing linguistic signs ambiguously, to do so within the game of philosophy is to rule oneself outside any reputable participation in it. Just as men who would not hesitate to use " sharp practice " in business would regard cheating at cards as unpardonable, so " good " philosophers would regard slipshodness and ambiguity of speech in philosophy as unpardonable, although in ordinary conversation and speech they, like the rest of us, might be quite recognizedly slipshod and ambiguous. It is more than ironical therefore that it is just in philosophy that the worst offences of ambiguity and confusion are to be found : so much so that the " plain " business men—who see to it that they are precise and specific enough where their interests require they should be—look upon philosophy as a gentle buffooning in words which has to be judged leniently because philosophers have come to be regarded as dreamers : of much culture, no doubt, but of small sense ; while to make show of ways of unprecision has become part of the leisurely cultural philosophic tradition. Philosophy up to date is not philosophy but a travesty of it. Whether it has been regarded as a game or as a vocation no credit has been achieved for it : it has been and still is merely a verbal chaos. The cause of its failure has been the lack of " good players " : such as knew the rules of the game. Hence the advent of sound philosophers—those who know how to keep within the convention—has come to be the first essential of the establishment of philosophy with any body to it. * * * * Philosophers—of different degrees of offending—down to the present time have toiled to their own bewilderment in two main ways. Either they have given a definite term to a definite image and thereafter irresponsibly used the term to represent other images, or they have coined a term for which they had no definite image, but having coined it have left it to be assumed that they had. Whereupon they have engaged in laborious searches after the meaning which assumedly existed prior to the coining of the term. An illustration of the first " Method towards Confusion " is offered by the description of such a philosophy as that of Berkeley to the effect that all images are born of the mind which perceives them, by a label such as the doctrine of the " Immaterialism of Matter." The " Immaterialism of Matter " is on its very surface an unblushing contradiction, as childishly absurd in itself as the " unbutterness 34 THE EGOIST March 1, 1915 of butter." For obviously if men agree to call certain sense-impressions " butter " and " matter " respectively, it is the value of the convention that they continue to be termed such as long as they continue to present the recognizable appearances in virtue of which they are so named. Who makes the Butter or creates Matter, or whether they are created in heaven or earth or in and out of the power of the Ego which perceives them, is utterly irrelevant to their correct labelling as Butter and Matter. However such questions may subsequently be decided, the decisions would be powerless to break in upon the convention which has named them according to men's knowledge and experience of them. But though the " Immaterialism of Matter " is a catch with scarcely sufficient cunning in it to deceive a child, it nevertheless impresses the philosophers. Illustrations of the second method of achieving philosophic folly— raising a phantom quarry and then chasing it—are offered by the two labels " Truth " and " Reality " : words which have trailed their career of interrogation through thousands of years and still remain unabashed as ever, reclining on their respective question marks— " What is Truth ?" and " What is Reality ?" The fact that they do so is in itself sufficient to condemn every philosopher of influence of the last three thousand years. Philosophically, these terms are patently dishonest, for still having their meaning to seek they have no place among accredited philosophic terms ; and if it be claimed that they have a meaning, why this age-long querying as to what it is ? Clearly—for philosophy—they constitute a scandal and a reproach. Not therefore to give them a content, but to make clear why they should be removed or brought summarily inside the philosophic convention, is the first task of the genuine "good" philosopher, who is primarily a good sportsman. * * * * The ominous fact that the two latest voices to impress philosophic opinion in Europe—Nietzsche and M. Bergson—both approach and attempt to disentangle the " problems " of Reality and Truth in a like spirit and under terms identical with those of the old Greek philosophers, and with almost identical confused results can leave us in no doubt that a new method of philosophic inquiry is a necessity. Nietzsche, in spite of his passionate emphasis, is just as much impressed by the actual " Existence " of all Appearance as Protagoras was and just as little able—if Plato's presentment of Protagoras' views be accurate—to see a way through the silly verbal puzzles, and as little able to see the bearing of what was impressive in Protagoras as the latter's critic—Plato—himself was. The chapter " Appearance and the Thing-in-itself " in Nietzsche's latest work attempts nothing more than a series of tentative half-assertions, each of which hides an unanswered question, and raises more philosophic dust than it lays. M. Bergson, beginning quite categorically with a "Reality is . . ." in his " Gospel of Change," makes some slight modifications upon the ancient Greek Doctrine of Becoming, incidentally and quite futilely identifying " Reality " with life. So two thousand odd years reveal the inquiry no one step forwarder. Nor can it become so as long as the question runs " Reality is . . . what " ? If, however, it be reversed and be made to run " What is Reality ? " the weight of confusion immediately begins to lift, for attention falls upon the word " Reality " itself. Whereupon instead of having endless " Interpretations " read into " Reality " under guise of being tributes to an authentic but meaning-bereft sign, Reality's own credentials are in request. The " problem " shifts from the position, " What characteristics can we ascribe to ' Reality ' sufficiently becoming to its dignity ? " to that of, " Is Reality the sort of label for which we have any profitable use ? " What then is Reality ? What then is Truth ? According to those who coined it—the philosophers—" Reality " is the " quality " of the descriptive term " real," and Truth is the " quality " of the descriptive term " true." And we need not pause here to consider whether this culling of " qualities " from the attributes of things represents anything more impressive than a mere verbalism : we are for the moment set on sufficiently firm ground given these definitions about the " qualities " of the " real " and " true." For whatever the philosophic status of " qualities " the examination of the attributes which furnish the supposed " qualities " is incumbent before the inquiry can go forward. And with the problems of "Reality" and "Truth" shrunk to the dimensions of the import of the " real " and " true " their problematic character has almost vanished. * * * * Before describing what characteristics " real " and " true " are employed with such serviceable results to indicate, we shall forestall a possible future confusion if we define the sense in which we use the term " appearance." Appearance is a term " abstract " in form, but the sense in which we employ it is a concrete one. It implies, " That which appears to the senses." Its synonyms are " That which is " ; " That which is felt " ; " That which is sensed " ; " That which exists " ; "the Imaginary " ; " Image " ; " Thing " ; " Sense-impression " ; " Perception." Obviously therefore we use it in the sense in which the critics of Protagoras, thinking they had scored a point over him, convicted him of using it, i.e. as synonymous with " Being." As we use it, Appearance = Being. For the identification of this equation (Appearance == Being) the reader is referred to the article under the heading " I am " which appeared in the January issue of The Egoist. The making clear of this identity is a concern of the first importance. * * * * In fixing the meaning of " real " it is important to bear in mind that " real " is an attribute superimposed upon things after their appearance. It is not an integral part of the image which appears in the perceiving mind at the initial moment of perception : it is a label applied to images only after subjecting them to the process of a test. Things are quite independently of the attaching of this particular label to them. " Real " can be affirmed of phenomena only in relation to an interpretation which the perceiving mind places upon them, bearing upon the manner in which they may be treated and what one may do with them. Thus an image " appears " : it is primarily neither " real " nor " unreal." " Real " comes into requisition only after an inference has been made in regard to it and to some other image with which it has been associated. As an attribute it is attached to appearance as the outcome of a judgment culled from the complex process involved in the comparing of perceptions : which process we call thinking. Thinking involves the particular perception in question ; a store of previous perceptions ; comparison of these two ; and the emerging of a decision : a judgment about the probable behaviour of the one in question in relation to one at least of the earlier revived ones. It is in connection with this complex process that the use of the " real " is in place. In fact, " real," as a term hung up by itself as an unattached label, is obviously quite pointless. It is accurate to say—what in our elliptical phraseology we mostly neglect to say—not that a thing is " real," but that it is a " real one " where the " one " is a demonstrative pointing to the class of things with which the new appearance is being identified. An image having appeared, with almost unimaginable swiftness, the perceiving mind puts it into relationship with the images it has perceived before and which are suggested and called up from the store of memory by the new one. On this suggested basis of comparison, and by a translation of experience, the perceiving mind assumes that it can effect in relation to it what it knows it can effect in relation to the pre-existent and use-tried ones with which it is being classified. All interpretations of images are entered upon with a view to a possible use of them. The interpreting as to " real ones " and " not real ones subserves the possibility of their exploitation by the Feeling Unit which perceives them. The term has no relevance to appearances apart from the effects they March 1, 1915 THE EGOIST 35 will produce upon being subjected to usage. Our living desires and purposes apprehend images, and promptly leap to their probable potentialities as servants to our wills. It is in this connection that our minds overlay them with the characteristics implied in " real " and "not real." Our minds grasp the profitableness of knowing how the images will behave upon " use " : how they will develop under treatment. Hence when an image appears that process of comparison and calculation as to its identity called thinking follows in its wake immediately : the activity being directed towards the classification of the new appearance in the light of what we know of older ones. A preliminary, untested classification before the process is carried out is made on the basis of the similarities of its appearance with these. Such classification constitutes that form of prophecy which is called " expressing an opinion " : an opinion being a prophecy tempered by the reserve and caution which is implied in " opining." An opinion about an appearance is an anticipatory assertion that, working upon certain suggested similarities, it will prove susceptible to certain kinds of treatment. One who offers an opinion is one who does not know, but who has a bias— for reasons satisfactory to himself—that one thing can be classified for treatment with a certain other. He gambles on what he thinks is a pretty safe guess. This form of prophecy—otherwise called Interpretation (i.e. untested identifications as to class)—though a secondary affair, is exceedingly prompt in most cases : how prompt being shown by the fact that though interpretation must be made before a name can be attached to an appearance, the name ordinarily follows so rapidly upon appearance as to seem almost simultaneous with it. * * * * Thus all real things must necessarily be Appearances, but not all appearances are " real." Only such are related with the "real" as, having been interpreted as being classifiable in a certain manner, reveal by their subsequent behaviour that the classification was justified. In which case the opinion wherein the assertion as to classification was promulgated was " accurate " and the assertion itself is " true." Where the prophesied identity is not forthcoming we say that the appearance was a "not real" one : it was illusory (illusory is the opposite of " real "). Our interpretation was a mistake : our opinion was inaccurate : our statement is " untrue " (erroneous), and a likeness has misled us into making a prophecy as to our power to produce effect from it, which the trial showed we were unable to make good. (It would not tend to clearness to introduce the term " Error " here, since it is as discredited a piece of verbalism, and has as long a career of meaninglessness as " Truth " and " Reality." It could add nothing to the inquiry at this point, and its origin and character will be made as clear by a defining of " erroneous " as those of " Truth " and " Reality " are by the defining of " true " and "real.") Proof in no way alters the primary aspect of images themselves : it merely attests that the more extended degree of similarity between two images than the one already existent which we anticipated would be forthcoming is or is not apparent upon subjecting the new appearance to closer examination. This anticipatory judgment—this prophecy—is proved or disproved by developing the image further, which is done by concentrating attention upon it, thereby obtaining a fuller view of its features and more of them. Heaping more of our perceptive power about an image and bringing it within that closer range where perspective power is strongest is the method of developing the features of an image. More intimate attention given to an image whose appearance has misled us may be expected to remove our bias in favour of a particular classification, by revealing where the actual appearance was dissimilar from the one to which we had erroneously, because more superficially, likened it. It should not now be difficult to understand the nature of "opinion." Its power to baffle the understanding springs from the regarding of an opinion as a single statement, whereas, unless its two definite and distinct parts are held in mind, it is meaningless. These two parts are : An assertion as to the real character of an image (i.e. as to its identity with a certain class). This assertion is anticipatory, prophetic, and made prior to proof and knowledge. It is made in faith, which is a risky proceeding. It is to cover the risk which these merely faith-sustained assertions contain that they are prefaced with a full acknowledgment of doubt regarding the asserted identity. This first part which takes the form of " I think " (i.e. " I opine "), gives the phenomenon of opinion its character and its name. An opinion presents an assertion which one is in doubt of when one makes it. Every person who formulates an opinion is in a state of doubt. " I think " is an inverted way of saying "I do not know," with an accompanying indication that the speaker for reasons sufficient to satisfy himself is biased in a certain direction to such an extent that he is prepared to assume the risky rôle of prophet and to prejudge the case. To entertain a prejudice is to be in the same mental condition of unknowingness, yet bias, which a person holding an opinion is, but not so willing to cover the prophet's risk by a full acknowledgment of doubt. * * * * As to the distribution of labels : opinions regarded as " wholes " can only be designated after the event— after proof that is. Prior to proof "likely" or "unlikely" is as far as one can go in describing them. After proof opinions belong to the past tense only, and are termed "accurate" or "inaccurate," according to the verdict provided by proof. Every opinion except for insane persons dissolves under the test of proof. The partnership of "I opine" and a doubtful assertion is dissolved. " I think " melts into the limbo of things exhausted, and the assertion takes on a new character of " true " or "untrue," while the appearance in respect of which the assertion was made becomes " real " or " illusory." Just as " real " belongs only to appearances which have been identified, so " true " is properly applied only to proved assertions. It is literary licence only which permits of its application to phenomena other than statements. It is an attribute belonging specifically to words. To speak of " true instruments " or " true men " is to make use of poetic misnomers. * * * * If the Protagorean proposition " Every opinion or appearance is true " be examined in the light of the foregoing, we shall be able to see why the statement is false, and perhaps understand why a mind which so early apprehended the identity of Being with Appearance and for which his critics reproached him and which was responsible for the pregnant remark that " man is the measure of all things " should fail to see where the leaking as to meaning lay, leading to so absurd a proposition. Let us summarize what terms it is appropriate to apply to these classes of appearances : (a) Appearances in process of classification ; (b) appearances which are " opinions " ; and (c) appearances which are statements. (a) Of opinions we do not say that they are "real" or "illusory," nor that they are " true " or "untrue." In the proof which must precede the application of any of these terms we are not inquiring whether the opinion is " real " or "unreal," but whether the appearance indicated in the assertive part of the opinion is "real." While as regards calling opinions " true " or "erroneous" they die at the very moment it becomes possible to apply the one term or its opposite. Therefore of opinion we can simply say that it "is." After opinion is dead : killed by proof : it is possible—using the past tense— to say that it was " accurate " or "inaccurate." (b) Of statements we can assert that they are " true " or "untrue," according to the verdict furnished by proof. 36 THE EGOIST March 1, 1915 (c) Of appearances whose classifications are in question we can assert that they are " real " or " illusory " after the application of tests which furnish additional evidence of the disputed appearance's character. Therefore had the Protagorean proposition stood " Every opinion or appearance IS," there would have been nothing in it against which one could cavil : the statement obviously being true. It is merely the re-statement of the equation that Appearance = Being, which was probably what the Protagorean philosophy was seeking to imply. It is on account of the habit of regarding Reality and Truth as " universais " that men have been led erroneously to suppose that to say that a thing IS is tantamount to saying that it "IS Real " or " IS True," which are of course very different propositions. * * * * We shall have omitted the most interesting aspect of " opinion " if we neglect to speak of "beliefs." As we have said when the assertive half of an opinion is found to be " true " or "untrue," the opinion's career is at an end. The " I opine " is swallowed up in the "I know." That is why most opinions are short-lived. They are transitory by nature, asking for dissolution as they come to birth. The interrogation-marks with which they are doubly armed are prayers to be destroyed, and in mundane matters the exigencies of daily life are such as to ensure their being granted. With this transitoriness of mundane opinion, however, there is to be contrasted the relative permanence of "beliefs." Beliefs are preserved opinions : protected against the solvent action of experiment and proof by various devices, chief among which is the one of holding them sacred, i.e. above inquiry. The day of proof in the case of " beliefs " is deliberately deferred. As their name implies, they are to be " left over " with a view to the continuance of their term of life, which subsists only in a state of doubt. The intention in making " beliefs " " sacred " is to keep these favoured opinions in a guaranteed state of preservation by preventing them from coming into contact with proving agencies which would dissolve and resolve their hitherto untested assertions into " true " ones or otherwise. * * * * That men constantly stipulate for certain opinions to be " left over " from proof in this way is the outcome of an instinctive knowledge that, in spite of an accepted verbal assumption wholly to the contrary, " That which IS " is not to be confounded with " That which is real " or " That which is true." Real things (i.e. identified things) do not exhaust the gallery of appearance any more than the " true " exhaust the entire body of statements. They comprise indeed only a very small section of it, those which are needed for intimate practical use. All those appearances which are reserved for enjoyment and all those which do not fall under the categories of either use or enjoyment are unrelated to the "real." Appearance, on the other hand, is comprehensive of everything which exists, real or otherwise : everything which is, everything which is felt. Nothing can be until it is felt. Being which is one with appearance is likewise one with Feeling. Feeling is all in all therefore. It is the sum of existence up to this present, and will represent the sum of any kind of existence there may be in the future. Of its comprehensive expanse the "real" and the "true" can only be the sections classified to subserve certain particular and limited kinds of needs. It is indicative of the extent to which interpretations in aid of the utilitarian side of life dominate the understanding that there could have arisen a conception of " Reality " regarded as greater than Appearance as a whole. The fact that it has arisen is referred for explanation to the strong egoistic pull which governs every unit of life, with the result that matters which concern us and our interests loom up more impressively before the mind than the " Whole " of Appearances among which they are included. This " Whole " (otherwise our " Worlds ") is made up of an intensely " important " nucleus which represents our practical interests and our enjoyments, and is surrounded by an extended fringe of fainter images which are only slenderly connected up with these and which ordinarily we consider as the "World." We lose sight of, or rather we have no interest in attempting to gain sight of the " Whole " : the part which matters most to us seeming the " Whole " with the rest of the " World " tacked on to it as an insignificant appendage. A straining of perspective is necessary to get an image of any " Whole " of which our own most important interests are not the only parts which matter. That the " real " should tend to be accounted more extensive than the apparent is perfectly natural : intensity being confounded with extension. We have arrived at the point where the problems " real " and " true " become considerably more subtle. It is the point at which the scent of the trail ordinarily is lost. It has its origin in a quite arbitrary limiting of egoistic needs : and of what therefore must be considered as included in that nucleus of personal interest whose importance outweighs all the outlying appearances of each life's "world." The Ego has the power statically to enjoy appearances : it also has the power actively to use them. It derives satisfaction from the manifesting of both. The second form has mainly to do with those defensive, aggressive, and explorative applications of power by which an Ego establishes, continues, and strengthens its existence. Its intent is to the end of guarding the Ego from hurt and the gradual eliminating of such hurts or undue strain as have had to be endured for lack of power to obviate them. Its exercise is useful—to this end. It is to these necessary and use-inspired kinds of activity that the acts of proving " real " and proving " true " are ancillary. The classification of images, i.e. the finding of them "real," is a protective and defensive utility in relation to appearances with which we are likely to be brought into intimate active contact. It constitutes the strenuous and defensive side of living. But there is another side : the side of what we call " pure " enjoyment : " pure " because unflecked by the strain of effort involved in the proving "real." It is the feeling of satisfaction in the aspect of images as they are without any anxious inquiry as to what they may develop into or what they may do to us if we " use " them. This sort of satisfaction is a pause in " realizing " in order to enjoy " being." Defending its attractiveness and vindicating its position as an integral part of the nucleus of men's important interests is what Goethe, for instance, does when he warns men against being so anxious about the end as to forget to rejoice by the way. It is a rectifying of the over-balance of the strenuous life. It represents the more leisurely pace of creation and growth against the strained and forced measure of creation which is implied in " doing " something. It is the voluptuous side of living. Its best defence, of course, lies in men's instinct. Sensuous revelling in images holds its own in spite of the teachers and preachers, to the account of whose labours however must be reckoned the necessity of having to frame a defence in words when to do so has become almost a grammatical impossibility. To summarize its implications however : Resting on the propositions. (1) That the apparent is prior to the " real " : that the apparent exists as much as the " real " exists, but that it merely is not identified as the " real " is; and (2) that human nature has a place for the Imaginary and requires it for its satisfaction, the Imaginary, i.e. the Apparent, is as urgently necessary as the " real " and the " true." The voluptuous needs are as imperative as the utilitarian ones therefore, and we begin to understand many things about men's instinctive ways which have hitherto baffled expression. We begin to understand, for instance, why there exists that hostility to proofs which is tacitly shown by making Beliefs " sacred." It is a means of protection of the wells of enjoyment from contamination with activities which are inimical to their kind and are destructive of them : both serviceable in satisfying egoistic needs as these require them, but the more strenuous destructive of March 1, 1915 THE EGOIST 37 the other. The act of proving an image real necessitates the evolving of it into something else : enjoyment of the appearance of images requires that they should remain stationary. To let " Fancy " reign is for a certain kind of temperament the chief enjoyment of human life. To revel in the contemplation of images which do not need to be put to the test of identification is one of the commonest and one of the most effective means of enjoying the sensations of great power while actually being possessed of perhaps only a tithe of it. All men do it quite commonly. Human history is packed with proofs of it. The assigning of wide powers to magicians, fairies, genii, miracle-workers, spirits, devils, gods, is merely a means of enabling the unhampered desires of the human Ego to revel in appearances—more or less faint and tenuous : of images which in full they are powerless to create or control. And as with more personal imagining so with "Beliefs." If men derive pleasure from the contemplation of images which any particular " Belief " offers : say, for instance, those which the literal Creed of the Christian Church fosters, it is scarcely to be expected that they will relish or allow their destruction by the introduction of a process of identification which really has nothing whatever to do with the joy-giving capacities of the image. The "Will to Believe," therefore, far from being, as the Pragmatist holds, an instrument for the creation of "Truth," is the determination to teach " true-finding " activities their serviceable and limited place. The " Will to Believe " is not the " Will towards Truth " : it is the "Will to Enjoy." It is the emphasized assertion that the Imaginary IS and has a place among the things which men most urgently need equally with the " real " and the " true " : all of them being required to satisfy the varying wants of men. The haggling as to their " rank " and order of precedence is entirely out of place, this being a matter which a man must decide according to his temperament and the varying strength of his interests. The verbal reinstatement of the Imaginary however, as prior to the " real " and the " true " and as retaining its place as a satisfaction of men's needs equally with the " real " and "true," will lift some of the mist which lies about the mal-reason of existent Philosophy. In the light afforded by this reinstatement of the Imaginary we begin to understand the pseudo-philosophers more. They have merely mistaken the label which answers to their function : that is all. Believing themselves engaged in the strenuous life of identification, charged with the identification (i.e. the proving real) of linguistic signs they have actually been enjoying a sensuous revelling in whim-created unidentified Images. They have enjoyed the image and skipped the work—of identification. The lure (and ease—one might venture to add) of constructing with unidentified labels (images) has made them forget the " real-finding " task which nominally they are engaged upon. Following in the wake of the Arch-Day-Dreamer Plato, they have neglected to prove what terms are real. Like him, they have been content to enjoy all the sublimated, absolute (unidentified), tenuous forms their minds could conceive and give birth to. Which would be well enough if they were not laying claim to philosophy. It would be well enough for religious men or for any who are seeking that of which the main appeal is voluptuous. But it is not the way of science nor of proving real : which latter they purported to be doing. The imaginary, then, are these forms of existent things which are not put to the test of the "real," but which form a gallery of pictures to be enjoyed : brooded over or shuddered at as a spectacle. What they appear as is the limit of their import. They are of the stuff that dreams are made of. Dreams of both day and night variety are images unfretted by the effects of our character-finding action upon them. We experience them to the full free from the need to prove them identical with anything other than themselves. In day-dreams, image follows image after a sequence dictated by ourselves within the limits of our powers. In day-dreams the sequence is in the main along the line we desire : only the power to create the image in full is lacking. That phenomenon which we call genius constitutes itself in the possession of a higher power to create intensity and richness in images in such day-dreams. In night-dreams our power is insufficient to command the sequence as well as the fullness of the image. And in those involuntary day-dreams which, under the labels of Depression, neurasthenia, and melancholia, take possession of sick people, a like condition holds : a lack of power to control not only the character of the images, but even the sequence they shall follow. Living, even of the most strenuous and realistic sort, is only dreaming brought under varying degrees of egoistic control. * * * * So, too, with " Illusions " : of which the appearances exist as much as those which are "Real." Although the " illusory " is the opposite of " real " the term " Illusion " is generally limited to mal-identifications due to similarities so remarkable that the presumption in favour of misclassification appears almost inevitable. The superficial likeness of one thing to another which is different is so strong that the measure of our instinctive certainty that it belongs to class so-and-so is only equalled by our surprise when we find that it does not. We even make the constructing of Illusions one of our pleasures in order to get this shock of surprise which under these specially devised conditions is pleasurable, as it is artificially protected from the consequences which ordinarily we have to fear as the outcome of Illusion. If the similarity has been devised purposely to deceive us for other than pleasurable ends, but is nevertheless innocuous in consequence as far as we are concerned, we tolerantly call it a Sham. If purposely devised and to our detriment we call it a Fraud. In each of these cases the illusory effect would be put to the account of the strong similarity in the appearances rather than to any defect above the normal in our powers of judgment : should mal-identification be maintained however in face of an average proof that identity does not exist, we view the misapprehension in another light, and call it not Illusion but Delusion, while the person who is a subject to Delusions we call Insane. Whence there arises the possibility of making a ludicrous mistake : the identifying of the Genius and the Lunatic, i.e. regarding the Genius as really a mild Lunatic, and the Lunatic as a bad case of Genius. The explanation of how this legend of the " Insanity of Genius " has arisen is very simple. People differ considerably as to the exact point at which they regard proof as indisputable and the accuracy of classification confirmed beyond the need for any further essaying. Persons of mediocre power ordinarily are ready to content themselves with the more patent and obvious proofs, while the Insane person is blind to proof. The Genius—a person for whom appearances are intenser, fuller, and more vivid, possessing more varied and more vivid views than the normal of commonly accepted images—has more features of resemblance than the ordinary man to work upon, and must accordingly wait until his experiments afford proofs and disproofs which satisfy him. In the preliminary stages of experiment therefore he appears as blind to what is commonly held to be proof or disproof as the Lunatic and the two become coupled together. (To be continued.) 38 THE EGOIST March 1, 1915 NAPOLEON ON WAR AND WARFARE ; ON SOLDIERS AND SOLDIERLY VIRTUE Unavoidable wars are always just. War is natural. In war everything is moral. [Somewhat modified in another maxim ; see below.] The genius of war is thought materialized. When conscription is no longer viewed in the light of a servitude but as a point of honour it is each one's ambition to realize, then only is a nation great, glorious, strong, then only may it face misfortune, invasions, time. Whoever cannot consider a battlefield dry-eyed, sacrifices many lives needlessly. A soldier's leading quality is endurance ; valour is but second to it. The best soldier is not so much the one who fights as the one who marches. Privation and suffering are the soldier's best teachers. In war audacity is the most unquestionable expression of genius. Bravery is an innate quality ; it cannot be cultivated for it proceeds from the blood. Courage emanates from the mind, while bravery is often but a craving after danger. Courage cannot be assumed, for it is a virtue escaping hypocrisy. To avoid surprise at victory defeat alone should be borne in mind. Fumbling, mezzo termine lose everything in war. In war a great defeat implies a great culprit. Wisdom and morality both agree in disapproval of pillage. A brave man considers his rifle as but the handle to his bayonet. It is my custom to sleep on the battlefield. Of all manner of men soldiers are the most sensible to kindness. Mercy is to the honour of the victor but dishonours the vanquished, who should keep apart and aloof and owe nothing to pity. There is but one good reason for being made a prisoner of war : when taken in units, defence being impossible, for the soldier is then the prey of necessity. We celebrate victories but we mourn the victims, and even those belonging to the ranks of the enemy. READERS of THE EGOIST ARE ASKED TO BECOME SUBSCRIBERS For Terms of Subscription see page 47. JAMES ELROY FLECKER By Harold Monro A LITTLE group of literary undertaker's men usually gathers round the tomb of a young poet, earnestly mournful, respectful, prudent and red-nosed, each most careful to have his presence noticed by the literary Almighty. From the tomb they hasten to their desks to write down their impressions of the dead man and his attainments, and each the exact record of his first discovery of this poet, with due reference to its early date, and modest allusions to his own smartness in recognizing genius. It is a fine journalistic achievement to have discovered a poet, perhaps even, as editor, to have printed some of his work ; but these gentlemen detract from the glory of the deed by their manner of recording it. Often enough they make mistakes. There was the recent boom of Middleton for instance, and the assertion of one of its promoters that the " Bathing Boy " was among the finest poems in English, palpably because he had first printed it himself : whereas Middleton is really worse than a second-rate Dowson. One should be careful, I suppose, in one's judgments of the work of young poets who have died at the moment of their promise ; one is naturally inclined to an excess of enthusiasm, if alone out of some sense of honour for the dead. If I should give way to impulse I might praise the poems of Flecker unduly ; but because I happen to feel much personal enthusiasm for them I don't want to mislead other people : so my general estimate is that they will be of interest to any one who cares for reading poetry, and to a proportion, at any rate, of these they will give delight. James Elroy Flecker died of consumption in Switzerland on January 3, aged thirty. He had published three books of poems : " The Bridge of Fire " (Mathews, 1907) ; " Forty-Two Poems" (Dent, 1911); "The Golden Journey to Samarkand" (Goschen, 1913). I do not mention in the foregoing list, "Thirty-Six Poems" (Adelphi Press), now out of print, since it may be considered a first edition of the "Forty-Two Poems." I ought not perhaps to mention "The Bridge of Fire," because more than half of it was reprinted in his second volume ; nevertheless some of the verses which were not reprinted are of interest. The three volumes together apparently contain ninety-nine poems ; after the deduction however of reprints this number becomes seventy-seven. I am careful to mention these figures because they are typical of the man and his method of work. He has been called in a recent article "The last of the Parnassians." He was a slow and careful writer, and corrected his verses to the utmost detail ; and his ideal was to make every poem a finished work of art. He had best be allowed to explain himself in his own words by quotation from the Preface to the "Golden Journey to Samarkand." Good poetry has obviously been written on other theories than the Parnassian. It has been written with no theory at all. It has been written with very strange theories. Good poetry has been Catholic like Crashaw's and Protestant like Milton's and mystic like Blake's and atheistic like the "De Rerum Natura." Good poetry has been full of high moral sentiments, like Wordsworth's, of highly immoral sentiments, like Byron's, or quite amoral sentiments like Herrick's. Good poetry has been written in boorish speech, like that of Barnes, or in elegant diction, like that of Pope. No worthless writer will be redeemed by the excellence of the poetic theory he may chance to hold. But that a sound theory can produce sound practice, and exercise a beneficent effect on writers of genius, has been repeatedly proved in the short but glorious history of the "Parnasse." ... To be didactic, like Wordsworth, to write dull poems of unwieldy length, to bury like Tennyson or Browning poetry of exquisite beauty in monstrous realms of vulgar, feeble, or obscure versifying, to overlay fine work with gross and irrelevant egoism like Victor Hugo would be abhorrent and rightly so to members of this school. . . . The enemies of the Parnassians have accused them of cultivating unemotional frigidity and upholding an austere view of perfection. The unanswerable answers to all criticism are the works March 1, 1915 THE EGOIST 39 of Hérédia, Leconte de Lisle, Samain, Henri de Régnier, and Jean Moréas. . . . However few great poets have written with a clear theory of art for art's sake, it is by that theory alone that their work has been, or can be, judged;—and rightly so if we remember that art embraces all life and all humanity. . . . ... To this volume, written with the single intention of creating beauty, now the Moslem East, now Greece and her islands has furnished a setting. Those who are for ever seeking for what they call profundity of inspiration are welcome to burrow in my verse and extract something, if they will, as barren as the few cheap copy-book headings to which they once reduced the genius of Browning ; in the attitude to life expressed in these pages, in the Poet's appreciation of this transient world, the flowers and men and mountains that decorate it so superbly, they will probably find but little edification. (Beyrouth, April, 1913.) These remarks are studiously true to his theory. His last volume is by far his best, and it was obvious that he was, rather slowly, gaining a command of technique which might (if there are might-have-beens) have brought him to the achievement of a kind of poetry unusual in English, and equal perhaps to the best of his French models. At least a dozen of the poems in his last volume are certainly up to the best records of English poetry. I will try to show this by quotation. YASMIN A Ghazel How splendid in the morning glows the lily : with what grace he throws His supplication to the rose : do roses nod the head, Yasmin ? But when the silver dove descends I find the little flower of friends Whose very name that sweetly ends I say when I have said, Yasmin. The morning light is clear and cold : I dare not in that light behold A whiter light, a deeper gold, a glory too far shed, Yasmin. But when the deep red eye of day is level with the lone highway, And some to Meccah turn to pray, and I toward thy bed, Yasmin ; Or when the wind beneath the moon is drifting like a soul aswoon, And harping planets talk love's tune with milky wings outspread, Yasmin. Shower down thy love, 0 burning bright ! For one night or the other night Will come the Gardener in white, and gathered flowers are dead, Yasmin. IN HOSPITAL Would I might lie like this, without the pain, For seven years—as one with snowy hair, Who in the high tower dreams his dying reign— Lie here and watch the walls—how grey and bare, The metal bed-post, the uncoloured screen, The mat, the jug, the cupboard, and the chair ; And, served by an old woman, calm and clean, Her misted face familiar, yet unknown, Who comes in silence, and departs unseen, And with no other visit, lie alone, Nor stir, except I had my food to find In that dull bowl Diogenes might own. And down my window I would draw the blind, And never look without, but, waiting, hear A noise of rain, a whistling of the wind. And only know that flame-foot Spring is near By trilling birds, or by the patch of sun Crouching behind my curtain. So, in fear, Noon-dreams should enter, softly, one by one, And throng about the floor, and float and play And flicker on the screen, while minutes run— The last majestic minutes of the day— And with the mystic shadows. Shadow grows. Then the grey square of wall should fade away, And glow again, and open, and disclose The shimmering lake in which the planets swim, And all that lake a dewdrop on a rose. "The Golden Journey to Samarkand," the poem itself, is too long to quote. All his Eastern poems read like fact. He lived for a long time in the East and knew it ; he transcribed what he had seen. He was too much a scholar and precisionist to let anything slipshod be printed. Influences are strong in his early work. " Rioupéroux " is imitated directly from Yeats ; his ballads show that he had read Davidson too, carefully : nevertheless there is nothing slavish in these resemblances, and in his last volume he has apparently attained confident command of his own technique, and no English influences are traceable. The fact to be recorded is that he leaves us from twenty to thirty poems worthy of the attention of any reader, however fastidious. I am not concerned with his prose, but "The Grecians" may be mentioned, a dialogue on education, and "The King of Alsander," a novel. There is also "The Scholar's Italian Book." "Hassan," a play, is, I learn, to be produced after the war. There are posthumous essays and sketches, and a few poems (among them "The Old Ships," perhaps the best he wrote), shortly to be published. Flecker is among the " tragic " figures of literature— the poet who has died young. Therefore there is little to be written about him at present, and what can be written must be chiefly of the descriptive kind. There is no doubt that everyone who reads modern poetry should read him. Few writers have devoted such careful study to their art, and few modern poets realized so truly the necessity for devotion to the art of poetry. FROM THE "MILLE NUITS ET UNE NUIT" She : Under my Koufa veil I bring thee flowers, And fruits still powdered with the sun's gold showers. He : All the gold of Soudan is on thy skin, O Well-Beloved ! . . . The sunbeams gaily spin Thy hair ; and no Damascus loom could weave A velvet like thine eyes. She : Behold ! At eve, When the warm hour of dusk propitiously Opens his silky arms, I come to thee ! . . . The light air dances in the limpid night ; And leaves and waters murmur our delight ! He : 0 my Gazelle of Night ! O my Surprise ! Darkness is dazzled wholly with thine eyes. Ah ! Let me plunge into them and emerge Drunk as the bird that revels in the surge. She : Come nearer ! Take their roses from my lips. Then, when my body from its chalice slips Slowly, I shall, from head to heel, at last Be naked but for thee ... He : 0 Unsurpassed ! . . . She : 0 my Beloved ! Behold ! The secret fruit Of my moon-flesh, thou knowest, has the form Of the ripe date. Come ! . . . Thou wilt hear the bruit Of seas where birds are drunken in the storm ! F. S. Flint. ALL BACK NUMBERS of "THE EGOIST" and "THE NEW FREEWOMAN" can be obtained from the publishing office : Oakley House, Bloomsbury Street, London, W.C. Price 6d. each. By post, 6½d. 40 THE EGOIST March 1, 1915 POEMS OF FRANCE* By Paul Fort A Francis Jammes SUR LA MORT D'OLIVIER HOURCADE (Tué à l'ennemi devant Soissons) DIEU nous l'a pris qui l'aimait tant. Plus que nous qui l'aimions pourtant, et non par feinte ou fantaisie, hélas ! avec tout notre cœur— de nous n'a-t-il pas dit aussi : Seigneur, aimez qu'en poésie tous deux ils soient mes doux seigneurs ?—bien qu'il ait dit cela, hélas ! prouvé toujours, chanté cela, plus que nous Dieu l'aimait déjà : trop ? non ! non ! c'était son enfant. Dieu nous l'a pris qui l'aimait tant. Jésus et l'Art, ô viatiques de cette jeune âme en voyage, toute ferveur, tout héroïque, née pour de surhumains courages, pensive gaiment, sans critiques, et se donnant en vous donnant, libres vertus en république, apaisées de rêve tremblant : spontanéité, charme, élan ! et l'Art et Dieu pour viatiques ! Dieu l'a " saisi " qui l'aimait tant. . . . Combien, tresseur de ses lauriers, je tresse haut pour Olivier ! Un éclat d'obus a frappé le plus noble cœur de poète, à travers l'Art même occupé des plus hautes pensées secrètes. Je vois si haut mon Olivier, d'un berceau d'anges abrité, montant, montant à la conquête de la seule immortalité. Je tresserais haut ses lauriers, mais au bord du ciel arrêtés, mes doigts ne suivent plus sa tête. . . . Dieu m'a repris tout mon poète. Il a bien fait. C'était "le sien." Dieu terrible a repris son bien, aux signes d'un ange gardien ouvrant deux ailes tout hereuses et divinement lumineuses sur l'enfant mort de son haut fait. Il a repris le bel enfant à son moment le plus parfait, devant son ange triomphant, lorsque deux fois héros, Hourcade, par double amour et non bravade—ayant conquis la mission digne de son ambition—aux appels de l'Agnus Dei voulut mourir pour son pays ! Toi, mon Jammes du Paradis, continue de tresser pour lui : c'est à moi seul que Dieu l'a pris. Las ! éternellement perdu, je ne verrai plus mon ami ! Tu sais, Jammes, où il ira. Et c'est, plus tard, où tu seras. Tu sais, Jammes, où il s'en va dans ses vols s'anges éperdus. A toi de tresser sa couronne. . . . Mais tu souris, Dieu me pardonne, toi qui déjà peux dire aux hommes, de cet Olivier que tu vois avec ton âme, avec ta foi : "Non perdu. Se retrouvera." Hélas ! puisqu'il en est ainsi, que je dois seul être puni—car ses père et mère seront, menant le chœur de ses amis, de ceux-là qui le reverront—lorsqu'au ciel tu le reverras, cet Olivier de notre cœur, sais-tu qu'il me demandera, disant : "Je l'aimais bien aussi ! Cherche-t-il nos félicités?" Je t'en prie, ne lui fais de peur. A mon ami ne fais de peine. Et lorsque tu lui répondras, ne lui dis pas que mes blasphèmes des paradis m'ont écarté. N'affirme rien, hors que je l'aime. Trouve-lui les mots fraternels ne chargeant point trop son aîné. Ne charge point le condamné. Dis-lui que loin de l'Eternal, en mission vers les Damnés, pour toujours loin de son doux ciel, absent je l'aime bien quand même ... et pleurez l'ami regretté. Dieu me l'a pris, l'Ami que j'aime,—me l'a pris pour l'éternité ! Le 29 Septembre 1914 LA MANIERE On meurt: L'Anglais s'élance et le Français le suit. . . Il bondit, le Français ! . . . L'Anglais court après * These poems are taken, by permission, from M. Paul Fort's new war periodical, "Poèmes de France," published fortnightly at 25 centimes the number. Editor, Paul Fort, 125 Boulevard St. Germain, Paris. lui. . . . L'Anglais vif le rattrape. Oui, c'est même vaillance. Il me revient un mot, la fleur des mots guerriers. L'Anglais stoppe, et avec une grâce de France : " Messieurs de France, à vous de tirer les premiers." BERCEUSE pour endormir la folie du dernier Empereur d'Allemagne A Léo Sachs Le rossignol chante ce soir l'oubli au fond des bois noirs. Que d'espérances envolées, pour une qui t'est fidèle ! Pour une clarté dans le ciel, quel orage amoncelé ! Pour une maison qui t'appelle, "que de maisons écroulées ! Que d'espérances envolées, pour une qui t'est fidèle ! Le rossignol chante ce soir l'oubli au fond des bois noirs. 1914 LE CHANT DES ANGLAIS It's a long way to Tipperary Feu ! Tommy. . . Le cœur gigue aix chocs de nos canons. Du calme, bon garçon. Ah ! c'est rudement long, rudement long pour aller à Tipperary. Depuis la soif d'hier apaisée sans whisky, je canonne, on canonne. Ah ! . . . c'est rudement bon. Qui m'a jeté sa gourde ? Eh ! vieux Bob, tu est mort? Du calme, cher garçon. A bientôt Leicester . . . Square. . . . All right ! il est mort pour sa vielle Angleterre. La gourde est vide : feu ! Tommy, canonne encore ! Nous nous battons si bien, all right ! les morts ont tort. Du calme fier garçon. Ah ! c'est rudement long, rudement long pour aller à Tipperary, là-bas, près de la jolie fille que je connais. Elle me disait oui quand je lui disais non. Feu ! Tommy. Le cœur gigue aux chocs de nos canons. Tommy, sache, Tommy, que l'amour a du bon. Oui, c'est une lointaine et fine demoiselle, que l'on n'atteint jamais qu'en rêve. O large bec ! Tu rêves et tout vient, l'âme et le corps avec. Ici rien que la mort, elle est fichue donzelle. La mort ! ah ! si j'avais tourné les yeux vers elle, la teutonne m'eût pris le cou de son bras sec et fait goûter sa bouche endentée de shrapnells, en m'étouffant le sein jusqu'à l'extrême angoisse. Juste Seigneur ! l'amour n'a rien de plus cruel ! Mais la mort, on n'y pense pas, elle est en face. Du calme, heureux garçon. La mort, la verrais-tu ? Flottant sur la bataille ainsi qu'un étandard, c'est un grand vieux squelette usé de toute part : elle flotte à présent sur les casques pointus. Feu ! Tommy. . . . Quoi ! tu meurs aussi, garçon fidèle ? Te voilà dans les bras de la fichue donzelle ? Relève-toi, garçon ! Ah ! c'est rudement long, rudement long pour aller à Tipperary. Adieu, Leicester Square, adieu, Piccadilly ! Nous étions quinze, hurrah ! nous sommes trois qui bougent. O canon, tes boulets sont teints de notre sang, notre sang qui refait notre uniforme rouge : devant nous les Teutons sont exsangues de peur, ils croient que nous chargeons ta gueule avec nos cœurs. Dansons ! dansons la gigue !—Ah ! oui . . . quoique vainqueurs, nous dansons notre gigue en plein ciel du Seigneur. Nous, bons garçons, nous sommes à Tipperary. Bonjour, Kate, bonjour, Annie, bonjour, Nelly. . . . Nos cœurs se trouvent bien, pourvu que sur la terre elle vive à jamais notre vielle Angleterre ! Décembre 1914 March 1, 1915 THE EGOIST 4! SOME REFLECTIONS ON ERNEST DOWSON By Richard Aldington TURNING over old numbers of the Mercure de France * one experiences a little shock of pleased surprise to find enthusiastic appreciations of the young writers who in the early " nineties " of the last century brought some touch of interest, some savour of individuality into the dreary procession of English commercialized literary productions. The contributors to the Book of the Rhymers' Club and to the Savoy could not complain that they were received with indifference by their French confrères. It is pleasing to read, for example, M. Remy de Gourmont's little notices on Mr. Arthur Symonds—models of criticism—or to find some other French writer exposing the real beauties of Mr. Yeats' earlier poetry. I have in my possession a bound copy of the Mercure de France for June 1896, with a book-plate bearing the name of Pearl Marie-Theresa Craigie ; and I wonder sometimes whether this care for the Mercure de France (it is admirably bound) were not in part due to the fact that preceding numbers contained very pleasant notices on the work of one O. Hobbes ! Yes, in those days there was a reciprocal influence, an exchange of ideas between the young men of intellect in England and France, and I cannot help thinking that the abortive " revolt " against " French influence " over here has done harm to the intellectual work of both countries, but more to that of England than that of France. The prejudice against France and against French literature, which is always oddly cropping up, is due primarily to ignorance, though partly to a bourgeois type of mind, of which Max Nordau is the greatest and the most ridiculous example. Let us suppose that poetry and literature generally are not merely the relaxation of the over-fed, but matters to which a man may seriously give all his attention without loss of consideration. Well, to know adequately the French poetry of the last thirty years requires first of all a real enthusiasm, then a real knowledge of French, and then at least a couple of years' pretty close study. When you find a man whole-heartedly condemning generally every one from Verlaine to Guy-Charles Cros you can bet your life that that man is an ignoramus who is concealing his ignorance under that easiest of all poses—moral indignation. Fortunately at all times there have been sufficient people not wholly consumed with Teutomania to keep up some sort of touch between the two countries (not that one objects to the study of German literature, for modern Germany has produced some remarkably good poets, who now, of all time, deserve our study). However much people may argue about the respective merits of French and English poetry there can be no doubt that in criticism the French beat us to nothing. The best contemporary criticism of the Rhymers and their " group " appeared in a foreign journal. In those back numbers of the Mercure there are quite eloquent little essays on Lionel Johnson and Ernest Dowson ; we hear of a young man called H. C. (sic) Wells, who has written a "conte fantaisiste" and of whom the Mercure expects the world will hear a great deal. And it gave me personal pleasure to find citations of the prose of "O. Shakespeare" and a mention of the "dessins de W. T. Horton" (I wonder how many of our anti-Gallic friends know Mr. Horton's extraordinarily fine fantastic drawings or could appreciate them?). Since those days, it is true, the criticism of English letters in the Mercure de France has become very lax, in fact thoroughly rotten. There are as many bad writers in France as there are here ; but there are more good ones. And in those earlier days when the Mercure criticism was written by men of talent and education you needed to be a fairly brilliant sort of chap before they noticed you. Those days are long departed, killed and buried under * Since this article was written the Mercure de France, the publication of which was suspended after the war broke out, has appeared again. two wars. Mr. Plarr is right in saying that they have become almost mythic, but even he does not quite realize how immensely distant they seem to the youngsters who never saw Dowson and Johnson, and to whom he himself seems a pleasant and slightly elderly relic. It was for me an amazing, a bizarre spectacle to see Mr. Plarr and Mr. Sturge Moore gravely sit down to dinner with Signor Marinetti ; the late member of the Rhymers' Club honouring the arch-Futurist and would-be destroyer of libraries, traditions, cathedrals and syntax—quel soin jaloux, l'exquise étude ! So far, so incredibly distant from us seems this frail and delicate young man who extracted (as we are told) from the somewhat pompous and banal Horace a delicacy of expression and a fragility of feeling that the notorious Roman never dreamed of ! I myself cannot see that Dowson was so excessively indebted to Horace, in spite of his fondness for quoting from that author. A modern French critic (Mlle. Henriette Charasson) claims that Dowson was most influenced by Verlaine. That seems to me eminently reasonable. Among English authors Swinburne was his master, but a Swinburne singularly purged of rhetoric. If he had any affinity with the Roman poets of the Augustan age—and I suppose it cannot be denied that he had—it was obviously with Catullus in his more melancholy and sentimental moments. Dowson was an example of the sensitive, almost over-sensitive type of artist, of whose histories the nineteenth century is only too tragically full. Such a man is doomed to disappointments, to hardships, to mental sufferings which he, of all men, is least capable of enduring phlegmatically. Given Dowson's character and the conditions of his life, and given the civilization into which he was born, it was obvious, or it should have been, what would be the end. The growth of commercial democracy—that gigantic conspiracy for supplying manufacturers with slave labour under another name—has made the position of artists more hazardous and more difficult than ever. The " socializing " of life leaves less room than ever for these Ishmaels of society. A poet is not a commercial concern ; neither is he an individual from whose efforts any material profit may be secured. And since the " spirit of the age " is entirely absorbed in the accumulation of profits and fiercely against any " unpractical " way of living, the age contemptuously turns its back upon the poet and leaves him to starve, comfortably or uncomfortably as he can. The "ancien régime" at least afforded a slight shelter under the skirts of its careless corruption to these sensitive people who cannot work and are ashamed to steal (though not always to beg). It is true that Tasso was driven mad, Villon hung, and Galileo detestably persecuted under this gentle system, but there are moments when these proceedings seem almost pleasant when compared with the alternative offered by the " rulers " of the twentieth century : neglect or vulgarization. And after all is the crowd so very wrong—from its standpoint ? Genius is undoubtedly an anti-social virtue ; even moderate talent totally unfits a man to earn his own living ; and then it is so disagreeable—especially disagreeable for the mob—to have to admit the supremacy of an individual ; and also geniuses are such nasty people. . . . The great democratic movements of the nineteenth century have not in the least alleviated the artist's lot in life. (Indeed Huysmans, who was one of the most marvellous critics who ever lived, was positively driven mad and into a monastery by democracy.) "The artist," as that word is understood—at least in reference to people like Dowson—is a person whose activities minister to the aesthetic pleasure of certain rather rare intelligences (any fool can read Shakespeare, but it needs considerable intelligence to appreciate him correctly)—of old, mostly, almost exclusively, to be found in the aristocracy. Side by side with this aristocratic art was a popular art, crude, often trivial, ill-paid, soon forgotten (like a novel by a popular author to-day). The relics of this popular art, which was not 42 THE EGOIST March 1, 1915 without a charm of its own, are now the delight of dabblers in folk-lore. Popular art was all right so long as it was the art of the people, but now that it has become the possession of the middle classes it is hopeless. The middle class popular artist is now supreme, now gathers wealth and notoriety to himself from the patronage of the crowd, while the successors to the old aristocratic artists sink more and more into oblivion and silence, for the remnants of the " aristocracy " (they are mostly pork butchers) are far too busy fighting a desperate last fight with the mob to be able to spare either attention or money for so useless an affair as the arts. The conditions of modern popular art are so degrading that no man of a determined or of a distinguished mind can possibly adopt them. " What the public wants " are the stale ideas of twenty, of fifty, of seventy years ago, ideas which any man of talent rejects at once as banal. It is only the cliché, only the stale, the flat and the profitable in art which finds ready acceptance and eager purchasers ; while the exploiters at third hand of original ideas are the only innovators to secure applause. The suicide of Middleton and Léon Deubel, the growing and (to me) painful bitterness observable in the writings of certain young men, are only signs of this state of affairs. The arts are now divided between popular charlatans and men of talent, who, of necessity, write, think and paint only for each other, since there is no one else to understand them. When these men of talent have a slight dash of hysteria they commit suicide or make themselves a nuisance in some other way. In the 1890's things were just so bad that young men were driven to affected elegances and refinements, instead of to unpleasant bitterness, to charlatanism or to suicide. In the nineties popularity was (rightly) held to be a reproach, but the artists of that time still failed to realize their peculiar and anomalous position in the social order. They had seen Ruskin dominate his time by moral fulminations ; they thought they could do the same by talent. Alas ! they were mistaken, and more than one fell a victim to this error. Dowson's poetry, then, has this overworked elegance and refinement, this last effort to continue the tradition of aristocratic art. If delicacy and suavity are the primary requisites of poetry, then Dowson was a very fine, if not a great, poet. His expressed fondness for certain letters (O Rimbaud !), notably "v," show this delicacy and aesthetic tact. It is also recorded of him that his theories of poetry were solely technical ; and that proves, if proof be necessary, his authentic character as an artist. All good artists are chiefly occupied with the problems of adequate expression. All this nonsense about " inspiration " and " sincerity " is the talk of inept amateurs. Presumably no man writes unless he has something to write about, which I take it is what is really meant by " inspiration " ; presumably, also, he does not write unless he feels very strongly what he is writing—that is obviously what is meant by "sincerity." (Beware of the artist who vaunts his sincerity ; he thinks it a substitute for ideas.) Heaven knows poor Dowson had " inspiration " enough, and his " sincerity " certainly prevented him from earning a living ! Mr. Plarr's little book gives quite an agreeable picture of Dowson in his earlier life in London. He is a little too anxious to prove that Dowson was not a blackguard, but surely such questions only concern the readers and writers of the ha'penny Press. Mr. A. Symonds, of course, was slightly too eager to bring in the "scarlet sins," but the " myth of Dowson " is not really so very wicked. We have no Rimbauds and Huysmans to give us the sense of proportion in criminality, so I suppose Dowson's lack of respectability is counted as a crime against him by the inhabitants of this island, which was probably the birthplace of Tartufe. At any rate, Mr. Plarr has admirably vindicated his friend, and the smiling statue of Dowson is now set up in the market-place agreeably smeared with the whitewash of a blameless and respectable life. I don't in the least blame Mr. Plarr ; it is only natural that he should wish to preserve the memory of his friend as charmingly and as untainted as possible. A PORTRAIT OF THE ARTIST AS A YOUNG MAN By James Joyce CHAPTER V (continued) IT was too late to go upstairs to the French class. He crossed the hall and took the corridor to the left which led to the Physics Theatre. The corridor was dark and silent but not unwatchful. Why did he feel that it was not unwatchful ? Was it because he had heard that in Buck Whaley's time there was a secret staircase there ? Or was the Jesuit house extra-territorial, and was he walking among aliens ? The Ireland of Tone and of Parnell seemed to have receded in space. He opened the door of the theatre and halted in the chilly grey light that struggled through the dusty windows. A figure was crouching before the large grate, and by its leanness and greyness he knew that it was the dean of studies lighting the fire. Stephen closed the door quietly and approached the fireplace. —Good morning, sir ! Can I help you ?— The priest looked up quickly and said : —One moment now, Mr. Dedalus, and you will see. There is an art in lighting a fire. We have the liberal arts and we have the useful arts. This is one of the useful arts.— —I will try to learn it—said Stephen. —Not too much coal—said the dean—working briskly at his task—that is one of the secrets.— He produced four candle butts from the side-pockets of his soutane and placed them deftly among the coals and twisted papers. Stephen watched him in silence. Kneeling thus on the flagstone to kindle the fire and busied with the disposition of his wisps of paper and candle-butts he seemed more than ever a humble server making ready the place of sacrifice in an empty temple, a levite of the Lord. Like a levite's robe of plain linen the faded worn soutane draped the kneeling figure of one whom the canonicals or the bell-bordered ephod would irk and trouble. His very body had waxed old in lowly service of the Lord—in tending the fire upon the altar, in bearing tidings secretly, in waiting upon worldlings, in striking swiftly when bidden—and yet had remained ungraced by aught of saintly or of prelatic beauty. Nay, his very soul had waxed old in that service without growing towards light and beauty or spreading abroad a sweet odour of her sanctity—a mortified will no more responsive to the thrill of its obedience than was to the thrill of love or combat his ageing body, spare and sinewy, greyed with a silver-pointed down. The dean rested back on his hunkers and watched the sticks catch. Stephen, to fill the silence, said : —I am sure I could not light a fire.— —You are an artist, are you not, Mr. Dedalus?—said the dean, glancing up and blinking his pale eyes.—The object of the artist is the creation of the beautiful. What the beautiful is is another question.— He rubbed his hands slowly and drily over the difficulty. —Can you solve that question now ?—he asked. —Aquinas—answered Stephen—says pulcra sunt quae visa placent.— —This fire before us—said the dean—will be pleasing to the eye. Will it therefore be beautiful ?— —In so far as it is apprehended by the sight, which I suppose means here aesthetic intellection, it will be beautiful. But Aquinas also says Bonum est in quod tendit appetitus. In so far as it satisfies the animal craving for warmth fire is a good. In hell, however, it is an evil.— —Quite so—said the dean—you have certainly hit the nail on the head.— He rose nimbly and went towards the door, set it ajar and said : —A draught is said to be a help in these matters.— March 1, 1915 THE EGOIST 43 As he came back to the hearth, limping slightly but with a brisk step, Stephen saw the silent soul of a Jesuit look out at him from the pale loveless eyes. Like Ignatius he was lame, but in his eyes burned no spark of Ignatius' enthusiasm. Even the legendary craft of the company, a craft subtler and more secret than its fabled books of secret subtle wisdom, had not fired his soul with the energy of apostleship. It seemed as if he used the shifts and lore and cunning of the world, as bidden to do, for the greater glory of God, without joy in their handling or hatred of that in them which was evil, but turning them, with a firm gesture of obedience, back upon themselves : and for all this silent service it seemed as if he loved not at all the master and little, if at all, the ends he served. Similiter atque senis baculus, he was, as the founder would have had him, like a staff in an old man's hand, to be leaned on in the road at nightfall or in stress of weather, to lie with a lady's nosegay on a garden seat, to be raised in menace. The dean returned to the hearth and began to stroke his chin. —When may we expect to have something from you on the aesthetic question ?—he asked. —From me !—said Stephen in astonishment.—I stumble on an idea once a fortnight if I am lucky.— —These questions are very profound, Mr. Dedalus— said the dean.—It is like looking down from the cliffs of Moher into the depths. Many go down into the depths and never come up. Only the trained diver can go down into those depths and explore them and come to the surface again.— —If you mean speculation, sir—said Stephen—I also am sure that there is no such thing as free thinking inasmuch as all thinking must be bound by its own laws.— —Ha !— —For my purpose I can work on at present by the light of one or two ideas of Aristotle and Aquinas.— —I see. I quite see your point.— —I need them only for my own use and guidance until I have done something for myself by their light. If the lamp smokes or smells I shall try to trim it. If it does not give light enough I shall sell it and buy another.— —Epitectus also had a lamp—said the dean—which was sold for a fancy price after his death. It was the lamp he wrote his philosophical dissertations by. You know Epitectus ?— —An old gentleman—said Stephen coarsely—who said that the soul is very like a bucketful of water.— —He tells us in his homely way—the dean went on— that he put an iron lamp before a statue of one of the gods, and that a thief stole the lamp. What did the philosopher do ? He reflected that it was in the character of a thief to steal and determined to buy an earthen lamp next day instead of the iron lamp.-— A smell of molten tallow came up from the dean's candle-butts and fused itself in Stephen's consciousness with the jingle of the words, bucket and lamp and lamp and bucket. The priest's voice, too, had a hard jingling tone. Stephen's mind halted by instinct, checked by the strange tone and the imagery and by the priest's face which seemed like an unlit lamp or a reflector hung in a false focus. What lay behind it or within it ? A dull torpor of the soul or the dullness of the thundercloud, charged with intellection and capable of the gloom of God ? —I meant a different kind of lamp, sir—said Stephen. —Undoubtedly—said the dean. —One difficulty—said Stephen—in aesthetic discussion is to know whether words are being used according to the literary tradition or according to the tradition of the market-place. I remember a sentence of Newman's, in which he says of the Blessed Virgin that she was detained in the full company of the saints. The use of the word in the market-place is quite different. I hope I am not detaining you.— —Not in the least—said the dean politely. —No, no—said Stephen smiling—I mean . . .— —Yes, yes : I see—said the dean quickly—I quite catch the point : detain.— He thrust forward his under jaw and uttered a dry, short cough. —To return to the lamp—he said—the feeding of it is also a nice problem. You must choose the pure oil, and you must be careful when you pour it in not to overflow it, not to pour in more than the funnel can hold.— —What funnel ?—asked Stephen. —The funnel through which you pour the oil into your lamp.— —That ?—said Stephen.—Is that called a funnel ? Is it not a tundish ?— —What is a tundish ?— —That. The ... the funnel.— —Is that called a tundish in Ireland ?—asked the dean.—I never heard the word in my life.— —It is called a tundish in Lower Drumcondra—said Stephen, laughing—where they speak the best English.— —A tundish—said the dean reflectively.—That is a most interesting word. I must look that word up. Upon my word I must.— His courtesy of manner rang a little false, and Stephen looked at the English convert with the same eyes as the elder brother in the parable may have turned on the prodigal. A humble follower in the wake of clamorous conversions, a poor Englishman in Ireland, he seemed to have entered on the stage of Jesuit history when that strange play of intrigue and suffering and envy and struggle and indignity had been all but given through—a late-comer, a tardy spirit. From what had he set out ? Perhaps he had been born and bred among serious dissenters, seeing salvation in Jesus only and abhorring the vain pomps of the Establishment. Had he felt the need of an implicit faith amid the welter of sectarianism and the jargon of its turbulent schisms, Six Principal Men, Peculiar People, Seed and Snake Baptists, Supralapsarian Dogmatists ? Had he found the true church all of a sudden in winding up to the end like a reel of cotton some fine-spun line of reasoning upon insufflation on the imposition of hands or the procession of the Holy Ghost ? Or had Lord Christ touched him and bidden him follow, like that disciple who had sat at the receipt of custom, as he sat by the door of some zinc-roofed chapel, yawning and telling over his church pence ? The dean repeated the word yet again. —Tundish ! Well now, that is interesting !— —The question you asked me a moment ago seems to me more interesting. What is that beauty which the artist struggles to express from lumps of earth— said Stephen coldly. The little word seemed to have turned a rapier point of his sensitiveness against this courteous and vigilant foe. He felt with a smart of dejection that the man to whom he was speaking was a countryman of Ben Jonson. He thought : —The language in which we are speaking is his before it is mine. How different are the words home, Christ, ale, master, on his lips and on mine ! I cannot speak or write these words without unrest of spirit. His language, so familiar and so foreign, will always be for me an acquired speech. I have not made or accepted its words. My voice holds them at bay. My soul frets in the shadow of his language.— —And to distinguish between the beautiful and the sublime—the dean added—to distinguish between moral beauty and material beauty. And to inquire what kind of beauty is proper to each of the various arts. These are some interesting points we might take up.— Stephen, disheartened suddenly by the dean's firm, dry tone, was silent : and through the silence a distant noise of many boots and confused voices came up the staircase. —In pursuing these speculations—said the dean conclusively—there is, however, the danger of perishing of inanition. First you must take your degree. Set that before you as your first aim. Then, little by little, 44 THE EGOIST March 1, 1915 you will see your way. I mean in every sense, your way in life and in thinking. It may be uphill pedalling at first. Take Mr. Moonan. He was a long time before he got to the top. But he got there.— —I may not have his talent—said Stephen quietly. —You never know—said the dean brightly.—We never can say what is in us. I most certainly should not be despondent. Per aspera ad astra.— He left the hearth quickly and went towards the landing to oversee the arrival of the first arts' class. Leaning against the fireplace Stephen heard him greet briskly and impartially every student of the class, and could almost see the frank smiles of the coarser students. A desolating pity began to fall like dew upon his easily embittered heart for this faithful servingman of the knightly Loyola, for this half-brother of the clergy, more venal than they in speech, more steadfast of soul than they, one whom he would never call his ghostly father : and he thought how this man and his companions had earned the name of worldlings at the hands not of the unworldly only but of the worldly also for having pleaded, during all their history, at the bar of God's justice for the souls of the lax and the lukewarm and the prudent. The entry of the professor was signalled by a few rounds of Kentish fire from the heavy boots of those students who sat on the highest tier of the gloomy theatre under the grey cobwebbed windows. The calling of the roll began, and the responses to the names were given out in all tones until the name of Peter Byrne was reached. —Here !— A deep base note in response came from the upper tier, followed by coughs of protest along the other benches. The professor paused in his reading and called the next name : —Cranly !— No answer. —Mr. Cranly !— A smile flew across Stephen's face as he thought of his friend's studies. —Try Leopardstown !—said a voice from the bench behind. Stephen glanced up quickly, but Moynihan's snoutish face, outlined on the grey light, was impassive. A formula was given out. Amid the rustling of the notebooks Stephen turned back again and said : —Give me some paper for God's sake.— —Are you as bad as that ?—asked Moynihan with a broad grin. He tore a sheet from his scribbler and passed it down, whispering : —In case of necessity any layman or woman can do it.— The formula which he wrote obediently on the sheet of paper, the coiling and uncoiling calculations of the professor, the spectre-like symbols of force and velocity fascinated and jaded Stephen's mind. He had heard some say that the old professor was an atheist freemason. O, the grey dull day ! It seemed a limbo of painless, patient consciousness through which souls of mathematicians might wander, projecting long slender fabrics from plane to plane of ever rarer and paler twilight, radiating swift eddies to the last verges of a universe ever vaster, farther and more impalpable. —So we must distinguish between elliptical and ellipsoidal. Perhaps some of you gentlemen may be familiar with the works of Mr. W. S. Gilbert. In one of his songs he speaks of the billiard sharp who is condemned to play : On a cloth untrue With a twisted cue And elliptical billiard balls. —He means a ball having the form of the ellipsoid of the principal axes of which I spoke a moment ago.— Moynihan leaned down towards Stephen's ear and murmured :—What price ellipsoidal balls ! chase me, ladies, I'm in the cavalry !— His fellow-student's rude humour ran like a gust through the cloister of Stephen's mind, shaking into gay life limp priestly vestments that hung upon the walls, setting them to sway and caper in a sabbath of misrule. The forms of the community emerged from the gust-blown vestments, the dean of studies, the portly florid bursar with his cap of grey hair, the president, the little priest with feathery hair who wrote devout verses, the squat peasant form of the professor of economics, the tall form of the young professor of mental science discussing on the landing a case of conscience with his class like a giraffe cropping high leafage among a herd of antelopes, the grave troubled prefect of the sodality, the plump round-headed professor of Italian with his rogue's eyes. They came ambling and stumbling, tumbling and capering, kilting their gowns for leap-frog, holding one another back, shaken with deep false laughter, smacking one another behind, and laughing at their rude malice, calling to one another by familiar nicknames, protesting with sudden dignity at some rough usage, whispering two and two behind their hands. The professor had gone to the glass cases on the side-wall, from a shelf of which he took down a set of coils, blew away the dust from many points and, bearing it carefully to the table, held a finger on it while he proceeded with his lecture. He explained that the wires in modern coils were of a compound called platinoid, lately discovered by F. W. Martino. He spoke clearly the initials and surname of the discoverer. Moynihan whispered from behind : —Good old Fresh Water Martin !— —Ask him—Stephen whispered back with weary humour—if he wants a subject for electrocution. He can have me.— Moynihan, seeing the professor bend over the coils, rose in his bench and, clacking noiselessly the fingers of his right hand, began to call with the voice of a slobbering urchin :—Please, teacher ! Please, teacher ! This boy is after saying a bad word, teacher.— —Platinoid—the professor said solemnly—is preferred to German silver because it has a lower co-efficient of resistance by changes of temperature. The platinoid wire is insulated, and the covering of silk that insulates it is wound on the ebonite bobbins just where my finger is. If it were wound single an extra current would be induced in the coils. The bobbins are saturated in hot paraffin-wax . . .— A sharp Ulster voice said from the bench below Stephen : —Are we likely to be asked questions on applied science ?— The professor began to juggle gravely with the terms pure science and applied science. A heavy-built student, wearing gold spectacles, stared with some wonder at the questioner. Moynihan murmured from behind in his natural voice : —Isn't MacAlister a devil for his pound of flesh ?— Stephen looked down coldly on the oblong skull beneath him overgrown with tangled twine-coloured hair. The voice, the accent, the mind of the questioner offended him, and he allowed the offence to carry him towards wilful unkindness, bidding his mind think that the student's father would have done better had he sent his son to Belfast to study and have saved something on the train fare by so doing. The oblong skull beneath did not turn to meet this shaft of thought and yet the shaft came back to its bowstring : for he saw in a moment the student's whey-pale face. —That thought is not mine—he said to himself quickly.—It came from the comic Irishman in the bench behind. Patience. Can you say with certitude by whom the soul of your race was bartered and its elect betrayed—by the questioner or by the mocker ? Patience. Remember Epitectus. It is probably in his character to ask such a question at such a moment in such a tone, and to pronounce the word science as a monosyllable.— The droning voice of the professor continued to wind March 1, 1915 THE EGOIST 45 itself slowly round and round the coils it spoke of, doubling, trebling, quadrupling its somnolent energy as the coil multiplied its ohms of resistance. Moynihan's voice called from behind in echo to a distant bell : —Closing time, gents !— (To be continued.) JULY SUNDAY (From a Back Window) By Richard Aldington The sky was the colour of a field of cornflowers, Which are hidden and revealed by the wind, As it billows the corn into waves Rolling over the hill-side. Towards evening There came a little flicker of rain, Grey gauze, a thin web of water, Which settled like shining gossamer on the slates And the greasy flag-stones. And on the other side of the courtyard In the queer darkness of the basement kitchen, With its smell of food and dishes, An old man sang to the children, Dolefully, with a harsh old voice, In the twilight. FIGHTING PARIS January 19.—This evening it was rumoured that a Zeppelin had been signalled some distance from Paris. Certain it is that since yesterday very severe measures have been taken to suppress all superfluous illuminations, and to-night the streets were darker than ever. The shops have to extinguish their lights, put up their shutters or draw blinds ; in private houses the curtains must be drawn before all lighted windows. The street lamps are reduced to the strictest minimum in agreement with safety. January 20.—At noon we hear of the Zeppelin bombardment of Yarmouth, Hunstanton, Cromer, &amp;c. This coincides exactly with last evening's rumour, the bombs having been thrown on the English coast at about 8.30 p.m. Nevertheless, it is now reported here that the extinction of lights last night was a general rehearsal in view of possible actual necessity. January 22.—From L'Intransigeant : " A well-known firm of publishers informs us that it has bound itself not to publish any book on the war. We learn that other firms are following suit." I wonder whether the German army comprises regiments of foreign volunteers as does the French, if so, how many, and what nationalities are chiefly represented ? I do not suppose Germany can claim the ardour France has awakened among foreigners. Mr. V. was telling us about the first day he acted as recruiting sergeant to the foreign regiment in which he serves. The first applicant for enrolment was a rich Japanese gentleman, who had taken part as officer in the Russo-Japanese conflict, and who had sailed especially from New York to enlist with the French army on hearing of the war. The second recruit was a Greek financier, a married, middle-aged man with children. Mr. V.'s regiment includes several Englishmen, Americans, Spaniards, Italians, Hollanders of independent means, besides, of course, the usual enrolments for bread. January 23.—A young poet whose rare perfeection of style had already brought him into renown, Emile Despax, leaves his thirty-three years behind him on the battlefield, where he fell hit, like several of his predecessors, by a bullet in the brow. His first poems were embraced under the title Au Seuil de la Lande, where, as in most of his verses, he describes the country of his birth and choice. It was followed by La Maison des Glycines, which received an award from the Académie. A commentary of his work and some contributions from him appeared in a recently issued Double Bouquet. A few days after their appearance news of his death was published. Emile Despax is included in Poètes d'Aujourdhui, the anthology collected by MM. Van Bever and Léautaud for the Mercure de France publications. Another war victim whose name I must not forget to record is that of Jacques Nayral, author of L'Etrange Histoire d'André Léris (Figuiére). January 24.—To-day we met Mr.D.-R., who has been serving in the Belgian ranks since the beginning of September. He has been on a week's leave here to see his wife, this being the first time for six months. We made him talk as much as soldiers who have been through the worst of this war will, for they are not, as a rule, loquacious. Up to now he had been with the field-guns,but from to-morrow he will be put in the trenches. He confirmed the reports of German breaches of war conventions, adoption of French and British uniforms, systematic and unwarranted destruction of monuments and dwellings. He has seen Germans appear on the battlefield after an engagement carrying, apparently, stretchers which were in reality disguised guns ; he has himself found little children's hands tucked away like souvenirs in a soldier's satchel ; he has seen bodies crucified and mutilated limbs nailed on walls. I asked whether it was true the Belgian women had acted as francs-tireurs. In one locality only, he said. The systematic destruction of Belgium had been ordered from the moment the army made opposition to the German invasion. I also heard to-day that when the Germans were descending upon Paris General Gallieni took measures for the city to be blown up after the German entrance, for it seems a fact that had the investment taken place the city was doomed at the hands of the invaders. It was in anticipation of expulsion that people in the know fled in such a hurry. It also seems a fact that three Zeppelins had been signalled on the way to Paris the night of the raid on the English coast. They reached as far as Mantes, where the French aeroplanes obliged them to turn back. The circumstance had not been mentioned in the papers to avoid panic. It is not possible to tell the French public all the truth. January 25.— . . . "to have the ear of an immense indefinite public, that is, of a desert, while the chief consideration is to go to the extreme limit of one's own thoughts, to oblige oneself to define and perfect oneself even if only followed by a handful of one's peers."— Maurice Barrés in to-day's Echo de Paris. January 26.—It is impossible to be out for five minutes now without meeting with crippled soldiers. It is proposed that civilians should greet them. One feels one owes them some kind of recognition. Fifty years ago Erckmann and Chatrian wrote thus of the Germans : "Instead of teaching them principles of humanity, liberty and justice they have their heads crammed with ideas of revenge, rape and domination ! Plain common sense ought, nevertheless, to tell this people that their manner of introducing themselves among neighbouring nations like friends, while spying on them and taking moulds of their door-locks, is shameful and dishonest, and that sooner or later Europe will hunt them down like a herd of wolves." The war has given rise to the strangest forms of philanthropic zeal. I know a lady who has been peeling vegetables in the kitchen of a military infirmary ever since August ; every one is ready to nurse, but few willing to do such work as this. Several refectories for artists and others exercising liberal professions depend for their management and attendance on purely voluntary collaboration. The waitresses and stewards at one of these, situated in the Latin quarter, are chiefly recruited from among the students of the Ecole des Beaux Arts. January 27.—A study of Paul Fort by James Elroy 46 THE EGOIST March 1, 1915 Flecker should be read in the last Nineteenth Century and After. It is at once an admirable analysis of the poet, and a very exact diagnosis of the evolution in French psychology within recent years. Le Petit Messager des Arts et des Artistes, et des Industries d'Art does for these what Mr. Divoire's Bulletin does for the world of letters, namely, keeps a record of the activities during, and participation in the war, of artists and craftsmen in the fine and applied arts. January 28.—The rain has ceased and hard frost taken its place. February 1.—Card from a prisoner in a German camp stamped with the official more or less intelligible directions : " Ecrire lisiblement. Des lettres ne doivent pas dépasser 2 pages à 20 lignes. Geprüft : Kommandatur G. . . ." Written on December 31 it left the local post office only on January 19. February 4.—To-day I sent a small parcel to a prisoner of war. I was one of a line of people each bringing a little bundle carefully tied in cloth or linen with the same purpose to the railway office. The carriage for these parcels is, as for letters exchanged between the two fighting countries, gratuitous, strangely enough. February 5.—To-day we saw and handled one of those little steel arrows aviators aim at Zeppelins, and which, going in at a man's head, come out at his feet. They are about the diameter of a lead pencil, and sharpened into a point, while the half body is sliced into four sharp blades. This modernized adaptation of the oldest of weapons is, perhaps, the most deadly of all modern instruments of warfare. The Germans have already imitated them, and send them from their aeroplanes labelled "French invention." Numbers of letters from soldiers at the Front were read or shown to us this afternoon. Except in the case of stretcher-bearers and surgeons this correspondence is written during the intervals of rest granted during periods spent in the trenches. One letter was written after thirty-four days and nights in a flooded trench, "which means," wrote its author, "a foot-bath up to the knees, no warm food, no possibility of attending to personal cleanliness, no change of clothes, dining that period." Sometimes after hard frosts the men woke up with their feet buried in ice that they had to break with the butt-end of their rifles. Each one of these letters, whether from our own friends, Dr. de N., Mr. R., or A.M. the writer, or from strangers, gave expression to the appalling monotony, the maddening trials in the trenches, described in the newspapers as times of cheerfulness, excellent camaraderie, and not covering periods of more than three days at a time. As to the camaraderie the correspondents whose letters I have read, write : "Of heroism and self-sacrifice there is, of course, plenty of evidence, but also of the little and the big faults of the human character. Life here continues its normal course with the usual irritations, misunderstandings, egotisms, &amp;c," naturally. Those in the ambulance services like Dr. de N., Mr. R. (who has been away from his home six months, but had the good fortune of a glimpse of his wife the other day, and whose little girls I saw just after I read his letter), and A. M., refer in the most distressed terms to the loss of life, the scenes of carnage and suffering of every description which they have witnessed. I also saw a letter from a German poet called S---, written to S. V., in which he lays all the blame of the war on the English, affirming that the Germans have only " sympathy " for France, &amp;c,—all in the old German manner. I have come to the conclusion that it is impossible to use the same reasoning in war as in peace. As for the men on the battle field, so also for us non-combatants there is but one attitude, the categorical. Impartiality is out of the question. We, whose only weapon is in our mind, must take sides like armed soldiers. Any reserve, any tergiversation is suspicious. There is black and there is white without transition. Our opinions must be drastic like military justice, and differ from our views in peace times as a council of war differs from a lay court, elasticity and tolerance are unfair. The judgment must be one and unbending. To each hour its spirit. Present circumstances demand that we should look neither to right nor to left. Breadth of mind would be treason, cowardice ("le malheur des honnêtes gens," said Voltaire, "c'est que ce sont des lâches"). Intellect clogs action, and every thought at present must, on the contrary, instigate and support action. February 6.—To-day we heard some Beethoven, played here for the first time in public since the war began. Those who have not been claimed as fighters do their share of patriotic work none the less. Thus M. André Gide, author of La Porte Etroite, Le Prométhée Mal Enchainé, &amp;c., devotes himself to assisting refugees ; M. Maurice Barrés is at the head of a private organization coming to the aid of the disabled, finding them government posts, &amp;c, ; M. Frédéric Masson helps those whom public charity is apt to overlook—resourceless women of the educated class ; M. Pierre Loti provides clothing to soldiers leaving hospital whether returning to the ranks or invalided ; M. André Germain founds a home for convalescent authors at Arcachon in memory of Charles Perrot, one of the half-hundred who have given their young lives to their country. February 8.—At B. we hear that the curfew for all lights lowered and stragglers to keep indoors was trumpeted the other evening, and that firing was heard which seemed to take place in the air. Muriel Ciolkowska. CORRESPONDENCE Note to Correspondents.—While quite willing to publish letters under noms de plume, we make it a condition of publication that the name and address of each correspondent should be supplied to the Editor.—Ed. * * * OBJECTIVE REALITY To the Editor, The Egoist. Madam.—Miss Marsden has raised the old problem of subjective and objective reality in the last of her passionate pleas for precision in diction and thought. Surely, however, she has dismissed " objective reality " a little summarily when she assumes the use of such a term to be merely the result of verbal confusion. We do mean something precise when we speak of objective reality, though this objective reality may not amount to anything very tangible. A thing may be said to be objectively real when it affects two or more people in the same way—or rather, it would perhaps be better to put it thus : when more than one person is affected in the same way we speak of the cause as an objective reality. Objective reality is said to exist, then, when two people undergo a common experience. I see a stone, but unless some one agrees with me that he sees a stone, and I have no reason to think he is blind, I should hesitate to say, "There is a stone." It may, of course, still be argued that the stone when seen by another is still only part of my subjective experience, because the fellow-being who says he sees a stone too is also part of my subjective experience. Should this be maintained, then objective reality may be said to exist when a thing affects my consciousness directly and at the same time indirectly through another's consciousness—the term " objective reality " still stands for something precise. Supposing, then, this definition of objective reality is correct, it is absurd, as Miss Marsden asserts, to assume all things exist subjectively—that is, as part of the individual I. In fact, is not the reverse nearer the truth, namely, that unless things exist as part of more than one I, they cannot be said to exist at all, as we use that word in everyday language—and ought we not to use words always in their everyday meaning just when we want to be precise ? Does not the Verbalism of which Miss Marsden complains arise from using words suddenly with some special meaning "Objective reality" may not mean so much as those philosophers imply who infer from it the existence of the " thing-in-itself " without a percipient. On the other hand, it surely does stand for something. We can and do draw a sharp distinction between the experience of one individual and an experience common to several. This is the homely test between a hallucination and a real thing, and this test seems a good stand-by. Even I am not vividly conscious of myself unless another fellow human being helps me to be so by realizing me. Until I see myself mirrored in another's consciousness I do not feel I exist at all. This quest for attaining to objective reality, as so understood, seems the goal of living. The more profound and subtle our individual experience, the more difficult it is to find some one to share it and thereby give it objective reality. Every picture of an artist and every poem of a poet is a search for another mind who by sharing the experience which prompted the picture and poem shall thereby make it real, as we understand reality. In a previous article Miss Marsden has also attacked the use of March 1, 1915 THE EGOIST 47 " good " and " bad " as absolute qualifying terms. She maintains that things are only good or bad relatively to the welfare of the individual or class applying these terms. An individual may pretend that his good coincides with the good of others, but he only does so to dupe his fellows and to attain his own good more easily. She would therefore reject the use of these terms altogether when thinking precisely. But is this advisable ? Don't we precisely mean by good and bad just things that are good and bad for more than one person, and is not that a perfectly reasonable use of such terms ? The question for those of an egoist way of thinking is not to confuse the use of the word good but to ask ourselves just how important the effect of our acts on others is. The purely Christian view is that the effect of them on the welfare of others is our main concern, but the egoist would maintain that all our instincts are against this view and that our instincts are very important. What effect our acts will have on others is a check that must constantly be applied after they have been performed, or, better, when first conceived ; but we cannot be prompted to action except by an incentive within us that has our individual welfare in view, and the denial of this individual incentive is merely delusion on our part. The difference between a check and an incentive is a point to be insisted on. It may be quite true that the particular good of the stronger generally prevails over the common good, but never quite. The weak are never so weak that they cannot make their own needs felt to some extent. The fact that the strong have always to pretend their " good " coincides with the common good is evidence of this. Supposing Germany wins in this war and makes her policy of aggression practically prevail as a permanent standard of value. She is not likely shortly to call aggression "good," but will rather say something of this kind : "Aggression is justifiable in the interests of the fine Teutonic race which should dominate the world for the benefit of mankind, etc." She would know quite well that " good " by itself means good for many nations, and she would also know that the other nations would be reluctant to admit that the particular good of Germany is beneficial for other nations ; she would therefore be at pains to assert this point emphatically. I mean to imply that the ordinary man is not at all confused when he talks about good and bad. He may be quite quiescent or unconscious of what is happening when an individual or class makes his good prevail as a standard of value. He may think the good of a particular strong individual or class inevitable, he may make all sorts of mistakes in over- or under-estimating its value, but in his own mind he knows quite well that when he talks of a good thing he means a thing that will benefit more than one individual or class. Because the importance of the individual has been largely ignored, that seems no reason to plunge into the opposite extreme and assert that those who talk about the common good are talking about something meaningless. It is the precise estimation and understanding of the particular good of the individual, which is always coming into contact with the good of the many, that is the concern of those who adopt the egoist way of thinking. Concern for the good of the many may not be important, but my point is that it will make itself felt as a natural factor, and to create the idea of a superman who is strong to ignore it is to pursue a grotesque phantom that will dissolve directly one comes to close quarters with it. London. H. M. Pulley. AN ANSWER TO MISS PULLEY To the Editor, The Egoist. Madam,—Miss Pulley, who writes to you on the subject of "Subjective and Objective Reality," will probably find an answer to her criticisms in the article " Reality and Truth " appearing in this issue. She will be able to gather from there that we regard " Reality " as a term which lies outside the bounds of accreditable verbal convention in that no definite, precise, and intelligible meaning is attached to it, and that it continues in use only by virtue of a gross verbal licence. Accordingly it is not the kind of word which can profitably be loaded with any kind of attribute : "Subjective and Objective Reality" being as hopelessly lost to meaning as " Reality " itself. The word "real" however is honestly within the convention, and its meaning is precise enough to bring out whatever worth of meaning may unhappily have been associated with the meaningless form. "Real" is the term attributed to an appearance—any, subjective or objective, if such distinction of appearances may be maintained—which having been classified with a certain group of appearances and having been subjected to certain crucial kinds of treatment, yields as a result the appearances which experience has shown are to be expected from any members of the group. A "real" appearance is an identified appearance. It is the identifying process which gives force to the attributing of "real" : not the character or class of the appearance itself, and this much-invoked but sterile antithesis of " Subjective and Objective Reality " would not be ill-placed consigned to the very necessary scrap-heap of philosophic terminology. In regard to my critic, Mr. Caldwell Harpur, who wrote in your last issue, I have every hope that after reading the interpretations of verbalism which have appeared in this journal since he penned his criticism, he will find little difficulty in supplying for himself a correctic egoistic comment. Southport. Dora Marsden. MISS MARSDEN AND THE " I " To the Editor, The Egoist. Madam,—Miss Marsden is at last beginning at the beginning, to evolve a philosophy of egoism. She is beginning with the " I." Heretofore she has wasted time by dealing with the " you " or the " they," in a word by hammering at others for beginning with the Starting thus—at the beginning—Miss Marsden asserts with reason that the " I "—" is the sign of the " (a ?) " living unit (unity?)—" the "(an?)" organism,"—"affirming . . . its own life." Let us hope, as she goes on evolving this philosophy, she will find that the human individuality is not the only " I " in the universe, that even the human individuality is a composite of many "I's," some of which are in unity upon one psychological centre, some upon another, any of which may be at different times in different unities ; and that evolution consists in the development of an evermore and more encompassing psychological centre and an evermore and more encompassing unity of "I's." If her philosophy develops to this point it will be the only sane philosophy of egoism up to evolutionary date, except my own, of course ! Miss Marsden is holding out hopes also of a possible later realiza tion on her part, that—verbalism aside—"matter and spirit,"— "subjective and objective"—"the I and the not-I,"—" the ideal and the real"—"the appearance and the thing-in-itself"—are simply the result of shifting the psychological centre on the part of the " I " from one pole to the other of the battery of life, and that "verbalism" grows out of the tendency to put undue emphasis on one pole—at the expense of the other—until finally the "I" is thrown entirely out of the balance—the polarization of life. Max Stirner pushed the emphasis so far toward the subjective—the ideal —the spiritual—the thing-in-itself pole, that he confounded the " I " of the universe and hence developed a philosophy of chimera —of madness. Philadelphia, U.S.A. Alice Groff. THE ANARCHIST AS AN ARCHIST Madam,—Mr. Herman Kuehn makes no distinction between being an archist in desire and purpose, and being one in outward action. To be the latter, one must be able to establish one's archism socially. This, in my mind, is all that his contention amounts to ; seeing that the most ardent anarchist is an archist of the archists in his desire and purpose to impose anarchism upon every one else. Alice Groff. THE INNER VOICE To the Editor, The Egoist. Madam,—Miss Marsden tells me that my list of men guided by an Inner Voice contains men as different as possible in that respect. Well, its probative power is not weakened thereby, if it only has enough of each kind. It seems, for instance, that when Cromwell cared more for seeing England run in accordance with the ideas he was brought up on than he did for any of his individual concerns, and, finding that he could do the work better than he could trust anybody else to do it, proceeded to put those ideas in effect in entire disregard of the ideas that most of his neighbours thought he ought to have—why, then this shows that Cromwell acted in the true spirit of Egoism. I can understand that, and am glad that The Egoist's readers are to understand it. But with Bayard, we find, it was quite different : he was a moral man. So be it. My point was simply that Bayard was a highly efficient man, much more efficient than the average either of his time or of ours ; this shows that a moral man may be efficient : and the number of men of the Bayard type shows that it is not rare for a moral man to be efficient. Ballard Vale, U.S.A. Steven T. Byington. EDITORIAL. Letters, &amp;c, intended for the Editor should be addressed to Oakley House, Bloomsbury Street, London, W.C. PUBLICATION. All business communications relative to the publication of The Egoist should be addressed, and all cheques, postal and money orders, &amp;c, made payable to The New Freewoman, Ltd., Oakley House, Bloomsbury Street, London, W.C, and should be crossed "Parr's Bank, Bloomsbury Branch." TERMS OF SUBSCRIPTION. Yearly, 6/6 ; U.S.A. $1-60. Six months, 3/3; U.S.A. $ -80. Three months, 1/9 ; U.S.A. S -40. Single copies 7d., post free to all countries. Cheques and orders should be made out as above. ADVERTISEMENTS. All orders, letters, &amp;c, concerning advertisements should be addressed to the Advertisement Manager, The Egoist, Oakley House, Bloomsbury Street, London, W.C. 48 THE EGOIST March 1, 1915 : Poetry : A Magazine of Verse Endeavours to publish the best poems now written in English Reviews and discusses new books and verse Promotes in every possible way the interests of the art If you believe that this art, like painting, sculpture, music, and architecture, requires and deserves public recognition and support, subscribe : POETRY : 543 Cass Street, Chicago, U.S.A Send Poetry for one year ($1.50 enclosed) beginning __-to Name- Address_ The Drama A Quarterly devoted to the Development of a Wide and Intelligent Interest in Drama Each issue of THE DRAMA contains a translation of a complete play These plays, not otherwise accessible in English, represent especially the leading dramatists of the Continent THE DRAMA, in addition, devotes attention to modern stagecraft, new types of theatre building, organisations for drama reform, and all pertinent subjects Single copies, seventy-five cents Yearly Subscription, three dollars 736 MARQUETTE BUILDING, CHICAGO THE LITTLE REVIEW Literature, Drama, Music, Art MARGARET C. ANDERSON, Editor Has been called " the most vital thing ever started in America" Unacademic, enthusiastic, appreciative and youthful Free from propaganda and outworn tradition PUBLISHED MONTHLY 15 cents a copy $1.50 a year 917 FINE ARTS BUILDING, CHICAGO Printed by Ballantyne, Hanson &amp; Co. Ltd.. Tavistock Street, Covent Garden, W.C., and published by the Proprietors, The New Feeewoman, Ltd., at Oakley House, Bloomsbury Street, London, W.C