The Crisis . This is my Crisis OCTOBER 1916 Publisher's Chat The vacation season is over! The serious worker goes back to his working-; the serious reader, to his reading. And the CRISIS? Well, to begin with, the November issue will be the RICHMOND (VIRGINIA) NUMBER and you will he pleased with it. And on to the 50,000! A Selected List of Books These prices do not include postage. Postage extra. HAZEL. (Mary White Ovington)THE AUTOBIOGRAPHY OF AN EX-COLORED MAN.NORRIS WRIGHT CUNEY. (Maud Cuney Hare) (Anonymous) $1.00 . 1.20  1.50 A NARRATIVE OF THE NEGRO. (Leila Amos Pendleton) 1.50 SOULS OF BLACK FOLK. (W. E. B. DU Bois) 1.25 THE WHITE MAN'S BURDEN. (T. Shirby Hodge) 1.00 RACE ADJUSTMENT. (Kelly Miller) 2.00 HISTORY OF THE NEGRO. (B. G. Brawley) 1.25 HALF A MAN. (Mary White Ovington) 1.00 AFTERMATH OF SLAVERY. (William Sinclair) 1.50 JOHN BROWN. (W . E. B. DU Bois) 1.25 NEGRO IN AMERICAN HISTORY. (J. W . Cromwell) 1.25 PRINCE HALL AND HIS FOLLOWERS. (George W. Crawford) .. . 1.00 NEGRO CULTURE IN WEST AFRICA. (George W. Ellis) 2.00 THE NEGRO. (W . E. B. DU Bois) 50 THE EDUCATION OF THE NEGRO PRIOR TO 1861. (Carter G. Woodson) 2.00 FACTS OF RECONSTRUCTION. (John R. Lynch) 1.50 LIFE AND LETTERS OF COLERIDGE-TAYLOR. (W . C. Berwick- Sayers) 2.25 MASTERPIECES OF NEGRO ELOQUENCE. (Alice Moore Dunbar, Editor) 2.50 POEMS OF PAUL LAURENCE DUNBAR 2.00 AFRO-AMERICAN FOLKSONGS. (H. E. Krehbiel) 2.00 OUT OF THE HOUSE OF BONDAGE. (Kelly Miller) 1.50 Address, THE CRISIS, : : : • : 70 Fifth Avenue, New York Mention THE CRISIS THE CRISIS A RECORD OF THE DARKER RACES PUBLISHED MONTHLY BY THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE. AT 70 FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK CITY Conducted by W. E. BURGHARDT DU BOIS AUGUSTUS GRANVILLE DILL, Business Manager Contents Copyrighted, 1916, by the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People Contents for October, 1916 PICTURES Page COVER. Photograph From Life. By Scurlock. SHADOWS OF LIGHT. Pictures of 100 Children 285, etc. MEN OF THE MONTH 278 ARTICLES THE HARE AND THE TORTOISE. A Negro Folk Tale. Selected by M. N. Work 271 HOW I GREW MY CORN. By Helen Stevenson 273 MY LITTLE ONE. A Poem. By G. Douglas Johnson 273 A RAINY DAY. A Poem. By Lottie Burrell Dixon 274 DEPARTMENTS EDITORIAL 267 NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE 275 MEN OF THE MONTH 278 THE LOOKING GLASS 282 THE OUTER POCKET 291 THE HORIZON 295 TEN CENTS A COPY; ONE DOLLAR A YEAR FOREIGN SUBSCRIPTIONS TWENTY-FIVE CENTS EXTRA RENEWALS: When a subscription blank is attached to this page a renewal of your subscription is desired. The date of the expiration of your subscription will be found on the wrapper. CHANGE OF ADDRESS: The address of a subscriber can be changed as often as desired. In ordering a change of address, both the old and the new address must be given. Two weeks' notice is required. MANUSCRIPTS and drawings relating to colored people are desired. They must be accompanied by return postage. If found unavailable they will be returned. Entered as Second-class Matter in the Post Office at New York. N. Y. 264 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER The NATIONAL TRAINING SCHOOL "I cordially commend the school's interest and needs to all who believe in the Negro race and in our obligation to help promote its intellectual, moral and religious uplift." 'REV. DR. CHARLES H . PARKHURST, New York City. IT IS MORE THAN A MERE SCHOOL IT IS A COMMUNITY OF SERVICE AND UPLIFT Its influence is destined to be felt in all sections of the country in improved Negro community life wherever our trained workers locate. Settlement workers, missionaries for home and foreign mission fields, Y. M. C. A. and Y. W. C. A. secretaries and district nurses receive a comprehensive grasp of their studies under a Wellesley graduate and experienced coworkers and actual every-day practice through the school's SOCIAL SERVICE DEPARTMENT. A HIGH STANDARD COLLEGE DEPARTMENT has now been established. We aim also to create a better qualified ministry. Industrial training, advanced literary branches, business school. Thirty-two acres; ten modern buildings; healthful location. We can accommodate a few more earnest, ambitious students. Communities requiring social workers should write us. Next School Term Opens Oct. 4, 1916. For catalog and detailed information, address: PRESIDENT JAMES E. SHEPARD NATIONAL TRAINING SCHOOL DURHAM, N. C. SCHOOL OF MEDICINE OF HOWARD UNIVERSITY Including Medical, Dental and Pharmaceutic Colleges 1867-1916 STEPHEN M. NEWMAN, D. D., President EDWARD A. BALLOCH, M. D., Dean The Fiftieth Annual Session will begin October 1, 1916, and continue eight months. Requires for admission to the Medical College two years of college work including courses in inorganic and organic chemistry, qualitative analysis, physics, biology and either French or German. Full corps of instructors, well equipped laboratories, unexcelled hospital facilities. The Ninth Session of the Post-Graduate Course will begin June 1, 1917, and continue six weeks. For catalog or information concerning Medical, Dental, Pharmaceutic or Post-Graduate Courses, write W. C. McNEILL, M. D., Secretary Fifth and "W" Sts., N. W., Washington, D. C. Mention THE CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER	 265 Atlanta University Is beautifully located in the City of Atlanta, Ga. The courses of study include High School, Normal School and College, with manual training and domestic science. Among the teachers are graduates of Yale, Harvard, Dartmouth and Wellesley. Forty-seven years of successful work have been completed. Students come from all parts of the South. Graduates are almost universally successful. For further information address President EDWARD T. WARE ATLANTA, GA. Knoxville College Beautiful Situation. Healthful Location. The Best Moral and Spiritual Environ ment. A Splendid Intellectual Atmo sphere. Noted for Honest and Thorough Work. Offers full courses in the following departments: College, Normal, High School, Grammar School and Industrial. Good water, steam heat, electric lights, good drainage. Expenses very reasonable. Fall Term Begins September 21, 1916 For information address President R. W . Me GRANAHAN KNOXVILLE, TENN. THE AGRICULTURAL ANU TECHNICAL COLLEGE (Formerly A. &amp; M. College) Fall Term begins September 1, 1916. Board, lodging and tuition $8.00 per month. Maintained by the Governments of the United States and of North Carolina. Short courses. Courses leading to the degrees of Bachelor of Science in Agriculture and Bachelor of Science in Mechanics. Write today for catalog. Address: PRESIDENT DUDLEY A.	 &amp; T. College Greensboro, N. C. Mention MOREHOUSE COLLEGE (Formerly Atlanta Baptist College) ATLANTA, G A College, Academy, Divinity School A n institution famous within recent years for its emphasis on all sides of manly development—the only institution in the far South devoted solely to the education of Negro young men. Graduates given high ranking by greatest northern universities. Debating, Y. M. C. A., athletics, all live features. For information address JOHN HOPE, President WILEY UNIVERSITY MARSHALL, TEXAS Recognized as a college of the First Class by Texas and Louisiana State Boards of Education. Harvard, Yale and Columbia represented on its faculty; students gath ered fro m ten different states. Strongest Music Department in the West M. W. DOGAN, President FISK UNIVERSITY NASHVILLE, TENN. Founded 1866 Thorough Literary, Scientific, Educational, Musical and Social Science Courses. Pioneer in Negro music. Special study in Negro life. Ideal and sanitary buildings and grounds. Well-equipped Science building. Christian home life. High standard of independent manhood and womanhood. For literature, etc., write FAYETTE AVERY McKENZIE, President Morris Brown University Atlanta, Ga. Co-Educational The largest institution of learning in the South owned and controlled by Negroes. Faculty of specialists, trained in some of the best universities in the North and in the South. Noted for high standard of scholarship; industrial emphasis and positive Christian influence. Well equipped dormitories; sane athletics under faculty supervision. Expenses reasonable. Location- central and healthful. . Departments: Theology, College, Preparatory, Normal, Commercial, Musical, Domestic Science, Nurse Training, Sewing, Printing and Tailoring. First Semester begins Sept. 28th, 1916. For	 further information address W. A. FOUNTAIN, President BISHOP J. S. FLIPPER, Chairman Trustee Board. TH E CRISIS 266 THE CRISIS The Cheyney Training School for Teachers CHEYNEY, PENNSYLVANIA Under the management of the So ciety of Friends. Beautifully lo cated, healthful, well appointed. This school offers to young colored men and women who have a rea sonable secondary school prepara tion, and who earnestly desire to become teachers, courses in aca demic work, domestic science, do mestic art, manual crafts and agriculture. Tuition is free. Board, lodging, heat, light and laundry privileges are offered for nine months for $100. The entrance fee is $7. Fall term opens Sep tember 16, 1916. There will be no summer school during 1916. For full information, write to LESLIE PINCKNEY HILL, Principal. ST. MARY'S SCHOOL An Episcopal boarding school for girls, under the direction of the Sisters of St. Mary. Address: THE SISTER-IN-CHARGE 609 N. 43d St. W . Philadelphia, Pa. MME. BRIDGES' SCHOOL OF French Dressmaking, Ladies' Tailoring and Millinery. Bridges System. Special Courses in Designing, Copying, Draping, Making, Trimming, Finishing, Cutting and Fitting. Special reduction in tuition given to students en tering in groups of three or more or to one student taking two or more consecutive courses. Individual Instruction. A Bridges Diploma means something to you. 507 E. 34th Place Chicago, Ill. In your own home, during the evenings of just one week you can learn the famous 7 DAYS PARAGON SHORTHAND Speed comes with use. Speed capacity practically un limited. Wonderfully easy to read. Writers in service of U. S. Government and offices of largest corporations. System alreadv adopted by number of cities for High Schools.. Write now for full proof. PARAGON INSTITUTE, 222 Coliseum St.. New Orleans. La. (ALL SUBJECTS) TEACHER S AND INTERPRETERS STANDARD TEACHERS' AGENCY J. T. C. NEWSOM. PROPRIETOR 1011 NEW YORK AVENUE WASHINGTON. D. C. ADVERTISER ROLAND W. HAYES, Tenor RECITALS CONCERTS ORATORIO OPERA "An unusually good voice. THE natural quality is beautiful. It is a luscious yet manly voice. Mr. Hayes sings freely and with good taste."—Philip Hale, in the Boston Herald. "A voice of unusual sweetness and calibre." —Chattanooga Times. ADDRESS: 3 WARWICK ST.. BOSTON. MASS. Stenography TYPEWRITING BOOK-KEEPING THESTENOGRAPHERS' INSTITUTE m &gt; 1. Short Courses in Typewriting 2. Shorthand made as easy as A. B. C. 3. Brief Courses in Practical Book-keeping We typewrite Letters, Postal Cards, Wills; fill in Deeds and multigraph Circular Letters cheap. EDWARD T. DUNCAN, President 1227 SO. 17TH STREET, PHILADELPHIA, PA. A live agency furnishes the TEACHERS connecting medium in a business way between teachers and schools and relieves teachers of the embarrassment of job hunting. We have had calls for teachers from Alabama, Arkansas, Delaware, District of Columbia, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Indiana, Kansas, Kentucky, Maryland, Mississippi. Missouri, New York, North Carolina. Ohio, Oklahoma, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia and West Virginia. THE MUTUAL TEACHERS' AGENCY 1403 New York Avenue Washington, D. C. Start a Mail Order Business and Make Money You can operate in your own home during spare time. •) The parcel post has opened up the doors of opportunity to YOU. Others are making $20 to $500 a week. Why can't you? By our method you can start with $5 and up. We offer you thirty live, money-making mail order plans. You can make 95 cents profit of every dollar order. We furnish circulars, printed matter and place your advertising at lowest rates. Send 10 cents for complete outfit. Do it today—Now! MAIL DEALERS WHOLESALE HOUSE 517 Dearborn Street * Chicago. Ill. FREE TAILOR BOOK Make $35 to $65 a week showing this great Tailor-Book. Goods so much finer and prices so much lower, every one sees th e difference at a glance. Special Offer To proveour unequalled quality, we will let you order at the wholesale price, a Sample Suit or even a pair of pants as low as $2.25 —and no extra charges even for the biggest peg top styles. You can _ now make more quick money and buy your ownfine tailored clothes cheaper than youeverthoughtpossible. We prepay the charges on every order and don't keepa cent of any customer's moneyunless he is well pleased. Letus send you thisfine sample outfit and showyouhow to take the most perfect measures for thefinest tailoring on the market. Write us today. The Chicago Tailors' Association Dept. 808 515 South Franklin Street. CHICAGO Mention THE CRISIS THE CRISIS Vol. 12-No. 6 OCTOBER, 1916 Whole No. 72 "WAIT, THOU CHILD OF HOPE, FOR TIME SHALL TEACH THEE ALL THINGS." Editorial THE IMMORTAL CHILDREN CHILDREN give us the real immortality — the endless life concerning which there is no doubt or casuistry, no selfishness nor fear. With the children, whether they are ours or others, our life goes on renewed in its splendid youth, uplifted by its quivering, ever-glorious dreams, like to all life and yet always different because it grasps new worlds and lives in a universe continually unfolding to new possibilities. To all this we are singularly obtuse. Our children are in our way; they hinder the settling of life's problems; they are the after-thought of things and not things themselves; they must be broken to our world and their wills enthralled. Yet now and then the thrill and glory of their meaning emerges. We see ourselves as we should—the servants of our children; the followers of their knowledge; the worshippers of their future. To none can this be truer than to the children of the darker world who hold in their little hands so vast a destiny. They will look back some day in wonder at their files of the CRISIS and say, can these things be true? Was not this exaggerated? Little realizing that the editor must palliate and soften the awful truth even for his darkest readers less they sicken and fail and die. Through children's eyes, then, we look to a triumphant future and this Children's number of the CRISIS is a sort of annual festival decorated with THE CRISIS their flowering faces and their wonder-filled eyes and the mighty softness of their hands. They who look at you from these pages are but a little and imperfect selection of those who might. We have chosen them out of hundreds of their fellows and we are full of apologies to the mothers of those not chosen; after all, these are not individual children; they belong to no persons and no families; they belong to a great people and in their hands is that people's future. THE PRESIDENTIAL CAMPAIGN THE Negro voter enters the present campaign with no enthusiasm. Four years ago the intelligent Negro voter tried a great and important experiment. He knew that the rank and file of the Bourbon democracy was without sense or reason, based on provincial ignorance and essentially uncivilized, but he saw called to its leadership a man of high type and one who promised specifically to American Negroes, justice—"Not mere grudging justice, but justice executed with liberality and cordial good feeling." They have lived to learn that this statement was a lie, a peculiarly miserable campaign deception. They are forced, therefore, to vote for the Republican candidate, Mr. Hughes, and they find there little that is attractive. Mr. Hughes is a northern man of sterling honesty, but he knows noth ing about Negroes and he has neither time nor inclination to learn. His final conclusions concerning them were made twenty or thirty years ago. Since that time he has neither examined these conclusions nor is there any reason to suppose that he will. Under ordinary circumstances the Negro must expect from him, as chief executive, the neglect, indiffer ence and misunderstanding that he has had from recent Republican pres idents. Nevertheless, he is practically the only candidate for whom Negroes can vote. We say nothing concerning the Socialist candidate. They are excellent leaders of an excellent party; God send them success! But the effective voter has a choice between two parties, the vote for the third party is at least temporarily thrown away. THE NEGRO PARTY THERE is for the future one and only one effective polit- ' ical move for colored voters. We have long foreseen it, but we have sought to avoid it. It is a move of segregation, it "hyphenates" us, it separates us from our fellow Americans; but self-defense knows no nice hesitations. The American Negro must either vote as a unit or continue to be politically emasculated as at present. Miss Inez Milholland, in a recent address, outlined with singular clearness and force a Negro Party on the lines of the recently formed Woman's Party. Mr. R. R. Church, Jr., of Tennessee, and certain leading colored men in New Jersey, Ohio and elsewhere have unconsciously and effectively followed her advice. The situation is this: At present the Democratic party can maintain its ascendency only by the help of the Solid South. The Solid South is built on the hate and fear of Negroes; consequently it can never, as a party, effectively bid for the Negro vote. The Republican party is the party of wealth and big business and, as such, is the natural enemy of the humble working people who compose the mass of Negroes. Between these two great parties, as parties there is little to choose. On the other hand, parties are rep resented by individual candidates. Negroes can have choice in the nam ing of these candidates and they can vote for or against them. Their only EDITORIAL 269 effective method in the future is to organize in every congressional district as a Negro Party to endorse those candidates. Republican, Democratic, Socialist, or what-not, whose promises and past performances give greatest hope for the remedying of the wrongs done the Negro race. If no candidate fills this bill they should nominate a candidate of their own and give that candidate their solid vote. This policy effectively and consistently carried out throughout the United States, North and South, by colored voters who refuse the bribe of petty office and money, would make the Negro vote one of the most powerful and effective of the group votes in the United States. This is the program which we must follow. We may hesitate and argue about it, but if we are a sensible, reasonable people we will come to it and the quicker the better. LESSONS IN GOVERNMENT FOR effective political action such as is outlined in the last editorial there must be undertaken a course of political education among Negro voters. Few people, and colored folk least of all, realize how little Negroes have been educated in politics. If a campaign of education is going on they are tacitly left out. Moreover, as the subject of the campaign has usually little to do with their particular disabilities, they voluntarily withdraw. If they are especially brought into a campaign they are given over to the lowest white politicians and ward heelers, and the only arguments used are money and honeyed words. Consequently, the average colored voter looks upon politics as a method of getting his friend, Bill Jones, a job as janitor, or possibly warding off some threatening calamity. As a method of government, a way of securing decent schools, healthful conditions of living, the right of administration of the law, and the like, the colored voter is singularly in the dark. He needs systematic education. The new Negro Party, or perhaps even better, an organization like the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, should through its branches begin systematic effort to teach voters their duty, to decry the ridiculous bribe of small office, to put office holding in its real place as an opportunity to serve the public and not as an ornament or an honor. Send the Negro voter to school and let him teach himself the higher art of politics. DISCIPLINE OUR children are soon return ing to school and it may be well to warn parents and teachers, especially of colored private schools and colleges in the South, of certain dangers ahead. I have before me as I write a catalog of a small and undoubtedly deserving colored school in South Carolina. I am particularly struck by the extraordinary character of the regulations: Girls are forbidden to wear jewelry; students are allowed to write to their parents on Saturday and their letters are subject to inspection ; students must attend all religious exercises; a school conference is held in the interest of student and teacher and attendance is obligatory; students must not loan each other money or clothing; they must attend all meals promptly and punctually; they must not dispute with teachers; their rooms must be open for inspection at 7 A. M., etc. All this indicates a prison-like discipline, an insistence on the letter of the law at variance with our modern conception of education. In the same sort of way the larger southern colleges are insisting upon a discipline which is growing more and more irksome to their students. THE CRISIS Outbreaks have occurred at several large institutions. We may talk as we will of students "running" an institution and the necessity of obedience and all that kind of thing, but we must, nevertheless, remember that it is not the business of the school to break the student's will, to reduce him to an automaton, or to "make" him do things. On the contrary, a real school wishes to turn out a self-disciplined man; self-reliance, self-respect and initiative are the things to be emphasized and our schools will forestall trouble and approach nearer the ideal of education if they would do away with some of these mediaeval rules and look upon their students as embryonic men and women rather than as babes or imbeciles. MIGRATION IT has long been the custom of ' colored leaders to advise the colored people to stay in the South. This has been sup plemented by the startling information on the part of southern whites that they are the "best friends of the colored people", etc. We might as well face the facts squarely: If there is any colored man in the South who wishes to have his children educated and who wishes to be in close touch with civilization and who has any chance or ghost of a chance of making a living in the North it is his business to get out of the South as soon as possible. He need not seek for reasons for so doing. The same reasons that drive the Jew from Russia, the peasants from Austria, the Armenians from Turkey and the oppressed from tyranny everywhere should drive the colored man out of the land of lynching, lawlessness and industrial oppression. It would, of course, be foolish for a man to give up a good chance of making a living and migrate to a country where he had little or no chance. But we are speaking of the case where men have an opportunity. These opportunities at present are widening in the North. Every single colored man who can should take advantage of it. The only effective protest that the Negroes en masse can make against lynching and disfranchisement is through leaving the devilish country where these things take place. The colored people of the North, on the other hand, should welcome their escaping fellows. It means, undoubtedly, increased hardships for them; it will bring proscription and temporary difficulties, but anything that means freedom to black slaves should be welcomed by their free northern brothers. COWARDICE NO colored man can read an ac count of the recent lynching at Gainesville, Fla., without being ashamed of his people. The action was characteristic. White officers, knowing themselves in the wrong and afraid of the resistance of colored men, sneaked in at midnight to serve a warrant on a person who they hoped would be helpless and ignorant of their intentions. Two of them seized the man in his house and after the melee one of the white men was dead and the other seriously wounded. Of the right and wrong of this no one will ever be really sure. There is no proof that the black man was guilty; there is no proof that he knowingly resisted arrest. There is proof, on the other hand, that after this extraordinary attack his colored fellows acted like a set of cowardly sheep. Without resistance they let a white mob whom they outnumbered two to one, torture, harry and murder their women, shoot down innocent men entirely unconnected with the alleged crime, and finally to cap the climax, they caught and surren THE HARE AND THE TORTOISE dered the wretched man whose attempted arrest caused the difficulty. No people who behave with the absolute cowardice shown by these colored people can hope to have the sympathy or help of the civilized folk. The men and women who had nothing to do with the alleged crime should have fought in self-defense to the last ditch if they had killed every white man in the county and themselves been killed. The man who surrendered to a lynching mob the victim of the sheriff ought himself to have been locked up. In the last analysis lynching of Negroes is going to stop in the South when the cowardly mob is faced by effective guns in the hands of the people determined to sell their souls dearly. "It may be a good thing to forget and forgive; but it is altogether too easy a trick to forget and be forgiven."—G. K. Chesterton. "WHO KNOWS THE THOUGHTS OF A CHILD !" THE HARE AND THEA Negro Fairy Folk-Tale From TORTOISE  Uganda I m. Selected by M. N. WORK THE hare and the tortoise were great friends. One day they decided to search for food. They went to an ant hill and dug a hole in it so as to trap the ants. The next day, as the time drew near for them to visit the hole, the hare said, "Why should an old fool like the tortoise share this feast with me? I can easily outwit him." So he told his friends to wait in a quiet place for the tortoise and when he came by to seize him and carry him into the tall grass through which he would have great difficulty in pushing his way. His friends did as he requested. They waited and as the tortoise came by they caught him and carried him into the tall grass. In the meantime the hare ate all the ants he wanted and scampered off home. The tortoise, after a long struggle, man * Johnston, The Uganda Protectorate, Vol. II, 603-604 aged to get out of the grass. Tired and vexed he made his way to the ant hill, but found no food. He saw there, however, the footprints of the hare, and as it flashed upon him that he had been outwitted, he became angry and said, "Never mind, my cunning friend, I will get even with you for this." When he reached home the hare rushed out to meet him and said, "How thankful I am to see you safe. I feared you were killed. I only escaped myself by the merest chance. Three spears just missed me. We must never go back to that ant hill." "Have no fear", said the tortoise. "Our enemies are not likely to come to the same spot again. It will be quite safe for us to go there another day." The tortoise, knowing that the selfish hare would sneak off alone to feast on the THE CRISIS ants, arranged with his friends to catch the hare when he was busy eating. "Wait for him", said the tortoise, "and when he has his head deep in the hole pounce upon him, but," he added, "do not kill him." "Oh", said the friends, "we like hare's meat; we want to eat him." "Very well", said the tortoise, "but if you kill him quickly he will be tough. You must take him home, then make a pot ready half filled with fine oil and salt. Put the hare in the pot leaving a hole in the cover so that you may add cold water from time to time, for if you let the oil get hot you will completely spoil the hare. Be very careful, therefore, not to let it boil." The friends did exactly as they were told. They trapped the hare and carried him home. Then they put him in a pot with the best of oil, the proper amount of salt and placed the pot on the fire. Water was added occasionally through the hole made in the cover. After some hours, when all was thought to be ready, the friends, having washed their hands and nicely laid out the dishes, seated themselves expectantly. The pot was placed in their midst and the cover was withdrawn when hoy! presto! out jumped the hare, and to their horror, ran away. As he rushed into his house he found his comrade waiting. "Dear me", said the tortoise, "Where have you been?" "Alas!" said the hare, "I have been in great danger. I nearly lost my life. I've been caught and cooked. It was only by a miracle that I escaped." As he said this he began to lick himself. The tortoise, noticing that a look of pleas ure rapidly succeeded that of fright, went across to him and also began to lick. "How delicious", said he. "Get away", said the greedy hare. "You have not been in the pot or through all the trials I've been through. Keep off." The tortoise, feeling that his cunning had supplied the oil and salt, began to get angry. "Let me have your shoulder and left side to lick?" "I will not", said the hare, more and more enjoying himself. The tortoise, in great fury, left the house. He had not gone far before he met his angry friends coming to meet him. "What do you mean"? they asked. "Through your advice we have lost not only the hare, but also our fine oil and salt. When we uncovered the pot the hare jumped out and ran off with the oil and salt all clinging to him." The tortoise, in his rage, lost every feeling of friendship for the hare and said, "I will tell you what to do. You arrange a dance and invite the hare and when he is dancing to your tom-tom seize him and this time kill him." The dance was arranged. The hare was invited and came. While he was dancing the friends suddenly seized him. To make sure that he would not escape this time they killed him, skinned him and cut him up. Thus the hare, for once, was outwitted and because of his greediness, miserably perished. 'CHILDREN AND FOOLES CANNOT LYE.' HOW I GREW MY CORN 273 MY LITTLE ONE By G. DOUGLAS JOHNSON THE infant eyes looked out amazed upon the frowning earth, A stranger, in a stranger land, child of the mantled-birth; Waxing, he wondered more and more; the scowling grew apace; A world, behind its barring doors, reviles his ebon face: Yet, 'mid this maelstrom forms a man and like to God is he! He loves a world, all loveless, and can smile—on Calvary! HOW I GREW MY CORN By HELEN STEVENSON IN the year 1914 all the chil dren in the schools of Cumberland county, N. J., were given the privilege to enter a contest. The girls were to sew, patch or bake and the boys to grow corn or sweet potatoes. As I liked to work out of doors I entered the corn contest. The rules were that the boys should do all the work themselves; the girls were to do all except the plowing. We were to have one-tenth of an acre and find our own seed. When I first asked my father for a piece of ground he said, "I can not spare it." But at last he consented to give me a plot next to the woods, if I could get one-tenth of an acre from it. One night after school I went down and measured off my ground. On the nineteenth of May I took my old friend, Harry (the horse), whom I had worked in the field before, and went down to my farm, as I called it. There I worked until I had an even seed bed, after which I marked it out and fertilized it. On the next day I planted my corn putting three grains in a hill and covering it with a hoe. I paid it daily visits and when it was about two inches high I replanted it and hoed the hills which were up. From then on I hoed and cultivated my crop and kept it free from grass until it grew too large to be attended. As it was a dry season that year, the stalks next to the woods did not grow to their full height. I also had visitors to come and see my corn. This gave me more courage to go on as all the other girls and boys in Fairfield township had given it up. Mother and father had also tried to discourage me, but I kept on. I did not cut it down until November. I then measured my highest stalks which were from fifteen to sixteen feet. On the THE CRISIS day before the contest I stayed home to get my corn ready. Mother and father Coaxed me not to take it away, but I did. After selecting ten of my largest and best ears of corn, I put them in a basket and went to Bridgeton with one of my neighbors, as father would not take them. After arriving in town I carried my corn up to the Court House. The next day I went to school and in the afternoon my teacher received a telephone message which said I had won a prize. I was very happy indeed; mother and father were surprised. On Saturday I went to the Bridgeton Library annex where things were being exhibited and saw my corn with a prize tag on it which made me feel very proud. I then went to the Commercial League room where the prizes were distributed. I received my prize and went home very happy and full of courage to try again. The amount I cleared for my corn was $12.00—$5.00 for my fodder, $4.00 for my seed and $3.00 for my prize. I am going to try again this year and I think all boys and girls who have the privilege of learning to farm should do so —for there is nothing better than life on a farm. A RAINY DAY m By LOTTIE BURRILL DIXON OUTSIDEI hear the dashing rain Fall full against the window pane. On such a day, the fire aglow, An easy chair, a book or so,— What more would I that fortune bring? Yet hark! I hear a step—a ring— And close to heart and hearth I fold My friend, who guessed my wish untold. For other joys I do not pray, Content am I this rainy day. SWEET CHILDISH DAYS, THAT WERE AS LONG AS TWENTY DAYS ARE NOW. National Association for the Ad vancement of Colored People THE LYNCHING FUND AS we go to press the Ten Thousand Dollar Anti-lynching Fund has reached the sum of $10,177.50 in cash and pledges. We Congratulate America. ANOTHER LYNCHING By M. A. H. GAINESVILLE, a charming town about eighty miles southwest of Jacksonville, Fla., has a population of about 11,000. It is in a turpentine country, but the immediate neighborhood is chiefly devoted to truck and cotton farming. The University of Florida, with its beautiful buildings, is on the outskirts of the town. Newberry is eighteen miles west by the driving road. It is entirely different in character. It is a railroad station; its total population is recorded at 1,000, but that seems a high figure, and two-thirds of the inhabitants are Negroes. Newberry was built when the phosphate fields were being worked in the close vicinity. These phosphate fields have been closed for several years and since then farming and trading have been the chief occupations. The town is a desolate place of shanties and small houses, and has the reputation of lawlessness. There is not one good building in the place and many of the houses are vacant. The sun beats down on the roofs and there is almost no shade. The white men live chiefly by small stores. The colored people hire out to farmers, etc. Many of the colored women go out to ser vice in other cities. The driving road between Gainesville and Newberry is more of the Gainesville char acter. Most of the land is under cultiva tion. Four or five large farms lie along the road, but most of them are small farms. Roads branch off from the main road lead ing to other farms. The chief products are cotton, corn, some sugar cane, peanuts, pe cans, melons, cucumbers, and other garden truck. A large number of the farmers are Negroes. They own their own land, to a large extent, and are prosperous. Jonesville is a blacksmith shop and a store with adjacent farms five miles from Newberry and thirteen miles from Gaines ville. The rioting was along the road be tween Jonesville and Newberry. The white men were all either from Newberry or the neighborhood. The trouble arose over hogs. In the last few years hog raising has become profitable here. A Gainesville firm buys the farmers' hogs and ships them to a large packing concern in Georgia. Many of the farmers have hogs which roam at large in the road and in the woods. They are supposed to be branded, but they are not always and there is constant trouble about them. Some of the white farmers accused Boisy Long and another colored man of stealing hogs. The latter man was arrested on a warrant and is now in jail. The story is that the sheriff went to serve a warrant on Boisy Long at two o'clock on the morning of August 18, which seemed an extraordinary thing to do—to go out on a lonely road to arrest a man at this hour. The reason given is that he got the warrant in Jacksonville and came out on the train at 12:30 at night to Gainesville, where he took an automobile. Why he should be 275 THE CRISIS coming out on that train, or why he should come out at that time, is not known. With him was a Dr. Harris (white). Some say that Dr. Harris was the owner of the hogs and had had the warrants sworn out. A third man drove the automobile. Boisy Long was adopted into the Dennis family when a boy. His house and the Dennis' house are rather pleasantly located on a little rise of land on this road and are of the ordinary shanty type. Long and the Dennises owned their farms. Dr. Harris and the sheriff got to Long's place and went in to arrest him. No one knows what happened except that it is clear enough that Long shot the two of them. As soon as the man in the automobile heard the shooting he rushed into the house and helped the two wounded men back to the automobile. They drove back to Jacksonville and at Jacksonville the sheriff died. There seems to be a good deal of controversy as to just how the shooting occurred. A current story says that Long- slept with a revolver strapped to his side. Another story is that it was the sheriff's revolver with which the shooting was done; that the sheriff felt under Long's pillow to see if he could find a revolver and he could not. Their going back to Jacksonville gave Long a chance to escape. The Newberry people came down to Long's place, and since he had escaped, they took his wife, Stella, and Mrs. Dennis along and put them in jail on the ground that they refused to give information. I do not know whether or not Stella Long was in the house at the time of the shooting, but it is said the two women were tortured for information. All day Friday, the 18th, men in automobiles seem to have been riding up and down the road, their rage increasing every hour. They met James Dennis, a colored man, in Jonesville, and shot him. James's brother, Bert, went to Newberry to get a coffin for his brother's body, and he was thrown into jail. The men met Josh Baskin on his way back from Newberry, where he had been marketing. His farm is about two miles from the Long and Dennis farms, toward Gainesville. He owned his land, and was a preacher. Last year he was accused of cow stealing, arrested, and discharged because there was no evidence to hold him. The men took him out of his wagon into the automobile, returned to a group of trees near Newberry and hanged him. This clump of bays, water oaks and sweet gums is the one beautiful spot near Newberry. It is a lovely little grove. The report is that in former years other' lynchings have taken place there and the spot has the name, "Hangman's Island." The men next returned to Newberry and took the two women and the man out of the jail, brought them to the same place and lynched them. The Negroes came pouring from Newberry into Gainesville for safety. Stella Long had four or five children. Mary Dennis had two children and was pregnant. The other Dennis man had a family also. Boisy Long has an uncle, Squire Long, who owns 100 acres of land a few miles away. The mob visited him and terrorized him, and when Boisy Long appeared at his house for food he took him a prisoner and gave him up to the authorities. Long is now in the Jacksonville jail. A special session was called for the circuit court for September 4. The coroner's jury will report about the lynching at this time and Long will be tried for the shooting. The next term will be in December. AMENIA FIFTY representatives of the Negro race of every school of thought and every form of activity held an important conference on August 24, 25 and 26 at "Troutbeck", the country home of Dr. J. E. Spingarn. The members of the conference formed a tent colony and enjoyed camp life throughout the conference. Every phase of the race question was discussed. The conference was fully attended and lasted three days. The following resolutions were unanimously adopted: The AMENIA CONFERENCE believes that its members have arrived at a virtual unanimity of opinion in regard to certain principles and that a more or less definite result may be expected from its deliberations. These principles and this practical result may be summarized as follows: (1) The conference believes that all forms of education are desirable for the Ne N. A. A. C. P. gro and that every form of education should be encouraged and advanced. (2) It believes that the Negro, in common with all other races, cannot achieve its highest development without complete political freedom. (3) It believes that this development and this freedom cannot be furthered without Organization and without a practical working understanding among the leaders of the colored race. (4) It believes that antiquated subjects of controversy, ancient suspicions and factional alignments must be eliminated and forgotten if this organization of the race and this practical working understanding of its leaders are to be achieved. (5) It realizes the peculiar difficulties which surround this problem in the South and the special need of understanding between leaders of the race who live in the South and those who live in the North. It has learned to understand and respect the good faith, methods and ideals of those who are working for the solution of this problem in various sections of the country. (6) The conference pledges itself to the inviolable privacy of all its deliberations. These conclusions, however, and the amicable results of all the deliberations of the conference are fair subjects for discussion in the colored press and elsewhere. (7) The conference feels that mutual understanding would be encouraged if the leaders of the race could meet annually for private and informal discussion under conditions similar to those which have prevailed at this conference. Among those present were: Fred R. Moore, John Hope, J. R. Hawkins, James W. Johnson, J. E. Spingarn, Committee. W. E. B. Du Bois, Mary Church Terrell, H. A. Hunt, Hutchins C. Bishop, Mason A. Hawkins, J. Rosamond Johnson, Addi; W. Hun-ton, W. Ashbie Hawkins, Leslie Pinckney Hill, Montgomery Gregory, W. Scott Brown, Jr., Francis H. Warren, Charles E. Bentley, James A. Cobb, Wm. L. Bulkley, Mary B. Talbert, William H. Lewis, L. J. Coppin, Oswald Garrison Villard, Emmett J. Scott, Geo. W. Cook, Kelly Miller, J. C. Napier, L. C. Laney, Wm. Pickens, Geo. W. Crawford, Garnett R. Waller, Chas. W. Chesnutt, Arthur B. Spingarn, Brown S. Smith, Roy Nash, R. R. Wright, W. Justin Carter, John Hurst, L. M. Hershaw, R. R. Wright, Jr. Besides the conferees a number of distinguished and representative members of both races were invited to be present and take part in the discussions from day to day. Among the guests and visitors who addressed the conference were: His Excellency Charles S. Whitman, Governor of New York; Oswald Garrison Villard, editor of the Evening Post; Hon. Herbert Parsons and Miss Inez Milholland. Edward Ware, president of Atlanta University; Dr. V. Morton Jones, Lieut. V. W. Tandy, John E. Nail, A. G. Dill and Gilchrist Stewart. Men of the Month SOME BELGIUM REFUGEES HERE are the two children of Lieuten•• A ant-Colonel Charles Young of the United States Army. We think of them, naturally, as good Americans and that they are; but they are also Belgium refugees. While Colonel Young was detailed for road building in Liberia his two children were put to school in Belgium. Suddenly came the war and its path was right over the place of their schooling. For a long time they were lost and their frantic parents cabled the world in vain. Then Mrs. Young started—through Spain and France, hindered and annoyed, across the channel to England and over the waters to Holland with bombs falling. At last the children were found well housed and carefully taken care of in Holland and in course of time they came back to the United States and to Wilberforce, having forgotten all their English. RACE SUICIDE THIS is the sturdy family of a teacher in a southern school. One thinks of the families of colored people as growing smaller, and they are. Particularly the educated and careful folk have few or no children; but some are willing to bear the burden of the next generation and to train little men and women to go forth and fight. Here are the protagonists from one family. A STORY IN CLAY A CURIOUS tale of inner tragedy is portrayed by one of Mrs. May Howard Jackson's latest works. It shows the Octoroon mother and her darker child. Many of the so-called "near whites" walk off and marry into the other race, as they have a perfect right to do being more white than black. Their children learnedly discuss the race problem from the standpoint of white folk. Others, however, in just as large numbers, feel the call of the blood and marry within the race, often to men of A TEACHER'S FAMILY. 278 MEN OF THE THE CHILDREN OF LIEUT.- COL. YOUNG darker and stronger Negro blood. Then to the mother comes the new sense of racial difficulties. She sees her child proscribed in a hundred ways where she was not, since the public did not so easily sense her race identity, and she holds the little one to her in fierce protection. A BISHOP ALEXANDER P. CAMPHOR was born of slave parents in Jefferson Parish, La., in 1865. When eight years old he was sent to New Orleans to live with Stephen Priestley, a rugged, old-fashioned Methodist preacher, who had been a fellow slave of his mother. He attended Public School in Carrollton and received his A. B. from New Orleans University in 1889. The degree of Bachelor of Divinity was conferred upon him by Gammon Theological Seminary, at Atlanta, Ga., and he was appointed pastor of James M. E. Church, Germantown, Pa. The Rev. Mr. Camphor and his wife were the first regularly appointed colored missionaries to the "Dark Continent" under the Prent Board. He was President of the Col MONTH 279 lege of West Africa and Superintendent of Methodist Schools in Liberia from 1896 to 1907. While there he gathered original material for two volumes: "Missionary Story Sketches and Folklore From Africa" and "Liberia, the Afro-American Republic." Returning to America Mr. Camphor accepted the presidency of Central Alabama Institute, at Birmingham, and held this position eight years. He was three times elected delegate to the General Conference and once a delegate to the World's Missionary Conference at Edinburgh, Scotland. At the recent General Conference of the Methodist Episcopal Church he was elected Bishop to Africa. A BUSINESS MAN WILLIAM H. LITCHFERD has re cently opened the New Litchferd Hotel in Columbus, O. The building is a three story fire-proof brick structure on the southeast corner of Fourth and Elm streets and is but three blocks from the State capitol building. It is the only property in that vicinity owned exclusively by a Negro. The hotel has fifty guest rooms, a dining room, lobby, office, beautiful parlor and a grill room. "MOTHER AND CHILD" By Mrs. May Howard Jackson THE CRISIS MISS M. E. ANDERSON REV. MR. E. A. JOHNSON MISS B. E. ROLLINS THE LITCHFERD HOTEL BISHOP A. P. CAMPHOR MISS K. E. GALE MR. W. H. LITCHFERD MEN OF THE MONTH THE JOHN BROWN TABLET See page 297. (Copyrighted, 1916, John Williams, Inc. Mr. Litchferd was born in Columbus, O., over a half century ago. His hotel represents years of hard labor and sacrifice. A MUSICIAN MISS B. ERNESTINE ROLLINS is a native of Springfield, Mass., and a product of its schools. She received her musical education under Professors Gustav Kriedte and C. W. Burnett and at the Springfield School of Music and the Cleveland Conservatory of Music. Miss Rollins is one of three colored members and a leading soprano of the Musical Festival, a permanent organization of four hundred voices in Springfield. She also teaches music and is the organist of Third Baptist Church in Springfield. Her professional services are in great demand. A MINISTER REVEREND MR. EUGENE A. JOHN SON has been pastor of Grace Presbyterian Church, at Seattle, Wash., for the past four years. This is the only colored Presbyterian church in the northwest. Mr. Johnson was recently elected Commissoner from the Presbytery of Seattle to the General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church in Atlantic City, N. J. He has been Moderator of the Carlisle Presbytery of Pennsylvania and examiner in Greek and Hebrew. A SINGER MISS MARION E. ANDERSON was -*•'-*• one of the leading singers with the People's Choral Society of one hundred and twenty-five voices in the rendition of Han del's "Messiah" at Musical Fund Hall, Phil adelphia, Pa., last April. Miss Anderson is in her second year at the William Penn High School in Philadel phia. She has been singing before the pub lic for the past two years and the People's Choral Society has contributed $144 toward a scholarship for her. She is now studying under a German teacher and anticipates going abroad after her schooling if she can secure sufficient engagements; but her father is dead and Miss Anderson is one of a family of four. A SOCIAL WORKER MISS KATE E. GALE, of Virginia Union University, in Richmond, is a white woman who has faith in Negroes. She has been superintendent of Hickory Hill Mission for many years. This mission, which is located in a very crowded and neglected part of the city, re cently presented Miss Gale a gold medal in appreciation of her labor among the colored people. GEN. PERSHING, GEN. BLISS AND LIEUT-COL. YOUNG, "SOMEWHERE IN MEXICO" The Looking Glass LITERATURE CARRIZAL has brought some verse that may not be forgotten. Perhaps the most touching is Jean Stansbury Holden's "Trooper at Carrizal" in the New York Times: "Black Sophy, way down on the lower branch Is washing the white folks' clothes; The 'light wood' burns bright 'neath her iron pot, And all around her glows. "Her strong arms rustle the feathery suds While she pictures her soldier Joe As he rode in his handsome khaki suit On his way to Mexico". The word comes to her: "He writ how Joe stood in the frontmost rank And was shot straight through the haid, And left by the soldiers at Carrizal, Amongst the brave young daid. "All night Sophy Jones sat still on her log, And the bright fire faded gray; While her neighbors came and wailed long and loud— And Joe's dog went away. "But when the day dawned, the tender June day, All quietly she arose And, lighting the pine 'neath the great iron pot, She washed the white folks' clothes." Precious little the American people care about Sophy and her sorrow. As Ralph Rankin Murray puts it in the Philadelphia Record: "Yes! it's 'please to go away,' And it's 'come some other day,' And it's only 'coal black niggers' when you're home, Ah! but when it's time to fight, Then your tarnished souls are white And the meagre lauding honors start to come; You were Johnnie on the spot, When the Cuban fight was hot, And they praise you when you're dying— noble Tenth; When you have to face the guns, Then you're Uncle Sammy's sons, And they only praise your fightin' brutal strength; And your1 troop is not the 'crack,' 'Cause your skin is brown and black,— But they praise you when you're dyin'— noble Tenth." AMONG the pamphlets that have come to us is an interesting reprint on "Early Negro Deportation Projects" by H. N. Sherwood of the State Normal School of Wisconsin. It is especially informing for the period before 1816. The Rev. Albert T. Kropf published his Kafir dictionary in 1899. A new and enlarged edition of this work has recently been brought out by the Rev. Robert Godfrey of the Lovedale Mission, South Africa. It consists of 525 pages. The Negro Year Book for 1917, edited by Monroe N. Work, of Tuskegee, Ala., has appeared. It has many additions and teems with interesting facts. 282 THE LOOKING GLASS OUR LYNCHING CULTURE SOME correspondents to the Little Rock, ^ Ark., Democrat are peeved at certain criticisms and strictures of their lynching activities. They declare that the black "Mob Victim Was Extended Every Earned Courtesy." He was "hanged in as humane a manner as possible." "Quite recently, in England, a man was hanged for high treason. He suffered the tortures of strangulation for nine minutes before he was pronounced dead by the attending physicians. We give you our word that the criminal we 'lynched' did not live nine seconds after his feet left the ground as the shot wounds on his body will prove. "The only request made by the criminal was that he be hanged or shot and not tortured or burned. That his request was granted was self-evident to every one who saw the remains." The San Francisco Bulletin says: "Just how many Americans have been killed in Mexico since the revolution began is not known. A good many have been killed or barbarously abused. For a comparison consider the American State of Georgia: 'For three years,' says Dr. W. E. B. Du Bois, 'the State of Georgia has been torn with lawlessness. The lives of Americans and also aliens have been sacrificed. Fifty-six persons have been lynched, property has been destroyed and homes violated. Peaceful citizens have been systematically driven from their homes and occupations.' "The source of trouble in Georgia is racial. Most of the victims, though not all, were Negroes. Lynching is defended in Georgia as a weapon by which an inferior breed of men is kept in its proper place. In Mexico Americans are not considered to be an inferior race, but with certain elements in the Mexican cosmos they are unpopular. Even then, as Colonel Burns pointed out in the Bulletin a few days ago, very few Americans out of the large number living in Mexico have been injured in person or property. A Mexican might say that its federal government had met its race problems as well as the American government has done." Herbert L. Stewart, writing in the New York Nation, evidences the beginning of sound, deep thought on the lynching horror. He cites the usual discussions in railway cars: "The matter is broached, perhaps, by a lately arrived Englishman who has read in his newspaper about some horrible occurrence in Georgia or Texas and who asks with true British naivete why 'the police' did not interfere. A raucous laugh from his companions conveys to him that his question must have been unutterably foolish. He is quickly made to understand that when a mob in Georgia or Texas chooses to set upon a black man, tie him to a pillar upon the stage of a music-hall, take potshots at him with revolvers from innumerable points in the auditorium, finally anoint him with petrol and set him on fire, it is recognized in that community that a policeman's wisdom is to keep out of sight." He continues: "As a sort of climax to the discussion, it often happens that one of the party, who has been regaling the rest with risque anecdotes and boasting of his own sensualities, will spring to his feet and swear by his Maker that if ever he catches a black man who has dared to be unchaste he will flay him alive with his own righteous hand. "The truth upon the matter is plainly this —that in the lynching districts the habit is maintained far less because any special Negro tendency calls for it than because on general grounds the white man there thinks it indispensable if the blacks are to be kept in their place. It is an instrument of racial terrorism, to be displayed periodically with cause or without cause, just to show who is master. Policy of this sort is soon reinforced by the easily awakened blood-lust of a mob; to-day a lynching seems to be demanded from time to time in Georgia much as the Roman proletariate called for panem et circenses; Americans elsewhere have to blush with shame to think that there are men holding American citizenship whose nervous systems need the occasional 'thrill' of a fellow-creature's agony. * * * * * * "It is so satisfying to be able to speak in the refined rhetoric of the Governor of Georgia about the 'burning, boiling, roaring cauldron of the soul' of somebody else. But the Nemesis of such a policy is never far off. Lawlessness which pleases you when it is on your side has an unfortunate tendency to change sides. Encourage a mob to strike wild blows on the merest suspicion, or on no suspicion, and you cannot predict THE CRISIS where their blows will fall next. The cauldron will not always burn, roar, and boil precisely to order. "We are sometimes impatiently told that this matter is the business of the Southern States alone. It is nothing of the kind. As the Nation has repeatedly insisted, it concerns the honor of America as a whole. And, still more, it challenges the thought of every scientific student of criminology throughout the world. The advocates of lynch law have denied some of the most fundamental principles which had been reached in this field after laborious investigation". We are sorry to see Mrs. Lucia Ames Mead joining those who, fearing to censure the South for a dozen mob murders, find tripping tongues as soon as anything happens in the North. The Lima tragedy is, of course, a matter of wild congratulation to the Charlotte, N. C , Observer: "This lynching outbreak among men has long ago passed the bounds of geographical lines. Atlanta, Springfield, Illinois and Cincinnati and now this Ohio frenzy to set off against outbreaks in the South. Some papers will be saying to the North, 'Who's looney now?' in bitter recollections of taunts thrown at the South at times by those who write without poise". This is what we would expect; but we are disappointed to find a social reformer like Mrs. Mead taking comfort in the fact that a Baylor college professor has no "personal knowledge" of lynching souvenirs and showing satisfaction because "at Lima the reputed criminal was black and the northern mob was as full of venom as that at Waco, Tex., where it burned a Negro last spring". Saunders' Weekly National Independent, published by a southern white man at Washington, D. C , adds this edifying footnote to Waco history: "Waco has been placed on the map again. It was placed on the map some years ago by that brilliant satirist, William Cowper Brann. Brann placed Waco on the map. The story is especially interesting in the light of subsequent events. "In Brann's time there was another notorious assault case in Waco. That time a Negro didn't assault a white woman. That time a white man, prominently identified with Baylor University, the great Baptist college at Waco, seduced a colored girl. To be more exact, the girl was a Brazilian who had been taken away from her people and brought to this country by Baptist missionaries who promised to have her educated at Baylor University. "The little Brazilian girl's skin was dark and at Baylor she was soon shown 'her place,' with the 'niggers' down in the kitchen. They snatched her away from her home in Brazil to make a missionary of her and they made of her a scullion; this girl, Antonia Teixeira, age only thirteen years. . "W. C. Brann told the story, exposed the whole awful mess. Did Waco lynch the 'ultra respectable' Christian ravisher of little Antonia Teixeira? It did not. Waco lynched Brann. Brann was shot like a dog on the streets of Waco, on a summer's day in 1894 by one of the infamous scoundrels concerned in the ruin of the poor little Brazilian girl. Brann's ashes rest today in the soil of Waco and Baylor University still rears its arrogant head, flourishing like a green bay tree over his grave." But what difference does all this make? As Chenery says in the Chicago Herald: "The most impressive development of the last few years so far as the Negro is concerned is the moral fatigue with which (Continued on page 289) Shadows of Light "SOULS MADE OF FIRE, AND CHILDREN OF THE SUN, WITH WHOM REVENGE IS VIRTUE" 285 286 THE CRISIS "A SIMPLE CHILD THAT LIGHTLY DRAWS ITS BREATH, AND FEELS ITS LIFE IN EVERY LIMB, WHAT SHOULD IT KNOW OF DEATH?" SHADOWS OF LIGHT 287 "LET THE CHILDREN FLAY AND SIT LIKE FLOWERS UPON THY GRAVE AND CROWN WITH FLOWERS,—THAT HARDLY HAVE A BRIEFER BLOOMING-TIDE THAN THEY" THE CRISIS "I HEAR THE LITTLE CHILDREN OF THE WIND CRYING SOLITARY IN LONELY PLACES" SHADOWS (Continued from page 284) white people have viewed him. For a long time the country traveled on the moral momentum generated by the abolitionists and by the political results of the civil war. That no longer exists. "Outside of a small group of relatively dumb reformers nobody cares seriously. Disfranchisement is an accepted principle in the South. 'Jim Crow' laws no longer arouse comment. Segregation is growing, South, Southwest and North. The most frequent feeling on the part of whites is one of helpless, hopeless acquiescence in forces which they feel unable to challenge. "The old belief in equality is dormant. Orators will not admit it. No one whose political faith must be on parade can afford to admit it, but the truth is that race prejudice was never stronger. Not even the Christian brotherhood of man is a powerful enough motive to weld together different races belonging to the same religious denomination." PIN PRICKS AFTER all, lynching is but incident and indication. It is daily tyranny and in justice that shows the real enemies of the South. Even southern white papers now and then reveal it. The Miami, Fla., Me tropolis says editorially: "This Negro is known by reputable white men to have tried to pay a license for oper ating a cleaning and pressing business. He was informed that such license was not re quired, and was unaware that he had been misinformed until a deputy sheriff arrived and arrested him, dragged him to jail like a criminal, permitted him to be subjected to the insulting treatment of a bunch of Negro prisoners—all without inquiry or hu man interest. "The question is, do deputy sheriffs hunt up white men who have not paid their li censes and drag them to jail? "No, a Negro who does not pay his occu pation tax is a bad citizen—a white man who 'neglects it' is merely a good man over burdened with many pressing interests! "Let's have done with this discrimina tion." Later it adds: "The county officials have started the en forcement of the cigarette law. They have arrested a Negro because he gave the 'butts' of his cigarettes to another little Negro boy! OF LIGHT 289 "Now that's courage! That, we should say, is not only courage but great sleuth work!" The Richmond, Va., Evening Journal says: "For disorderly conduct on the street, Lizzie Shelton, colored, was fined five dollars by Justice Crutchfield. For being 'sassy' to the official the woman was sentenced to one year in jail. Queer kind of justice that, and manifestly unfair. Respect for a court is obligatory, but by no stretch of fancy is it conceivable that a justice of the peace has the legal—certainly not the moral—right to imprison an ignorant woman for twelve months because she was impudent in the court room." There is an illuminating editorial in the Greensboro, N. C. News: "The people of South Greensboro ought not to have a Negro moving picture show thrust upon them against their wishes. It would be tyrannous to do so and we; have no idea that the city commissioners would consider such a course for a moment if they are assured that there is real objection. "At the same time the Negro population of the city is entitled to have some place of decent amusement; to deprive them of it simply because it might be troublesome to supply is not less tyrannous than to thrust such an institution on a reluctant neighborhood. It isn't right to deprive the Negroes of all amusement which ought to settle the question; but if any other argument were needed it isn't wise either. It encourages a spirit of restlessness and bitterness that is not good for the community." Note that the six or seven thousand colored people of Greensboro have no voice in this matter, in the year of the republic the one hundred and fortieth. REVOLT RESENTMENT and revolt must be the result of this despicable policy. The children of slaves cannot for generations fight with weapons and red blood. That will come later, but it will come. As Stephen S. Wise said at North Elba, N. Y., in dedicating the John Brown tablet: "It is the business of America to perfect the work of John Brown, or rather to insist, if no more can be, that it shall not be undone. Nothing save evil is self-perpetuating. No one man can do the work of humanity. John Brown was not a sign-post, but a leader and yet he could do no more than lead a part of 290 THE CRISIS the way. The question for us of the American democracy to answer is—Shall we suffer to die the spirit that moved John Brown in his immortal ministry? "If it be urged as against his memory that he resorted to the use of weapons, let it not be unsaid in his defence that he sought nothing for himself, nor fame nor glory nor power nor reward nor territory, and that he entered upon his quest not to slay but to be slain, not to destroy but to free. John Brown did not advocate the use of force and then quietly buy and sell munition stocks at a profit. He did not send others forth to do battle for him. He pitted his life against evil and gladly surrendered it at the behest of duty. War will not be ended until some day another John Brown will arise who will smite the evil of evils with the same God-given power with which an earlier John Brown smote the evil of slavery. "If, I repeat, it be urged against him that he used weapons of violence, let men remember that there are only two ways and no more. The one is the way of violence and the other is the way of love. The one is the way of force, and the other the way of reason. The one is the way of war and the other is the way of fraternity. But know you that if you deny the one to men, the other will inevitably be their way. You shall not forever deny men the use of force, if you deny them the rights of peaceful redress and remedy." But there are many methods of effective peaceful revolt. Just as sure and just as soon as Negroes can earn a living outside the tyranny and lawlessness of the South they will do so. The present northern demand for black labor is a case in point and the antics of the Bourbon South are funny and matched only by the northern copperheads. The New Orleans States, for instance, is patronizing and pleasant: "So he would rather stay here, among the people who know and understand him and as a rule are willing to help him. As a matter of fact politics bother him but little. He really would never have taken very much interest in it if it had not been for designing men of both races who wanted the benefit of his vote to feather their own nests; and now that he finds registration difficult he concerns himself but little with our elections and wouldn't do so at all if he wasn't stirred up occasionally by agitators among his own people. As long as he was a factor in poli tics he had a more or less miserable time. Since he has been out of politics he discovers himself happier and more prosperous and entirely free from interference in the peaceful pursuit of his livelihood and happiness." The copperhead Hartford Courant, a singularly contemptible sheet on the race problem, ventures: "the opinion that most of them will be back South again before snow flies." The Montgomery, Ala., Advertiser weeps at the Negroes' plight, but recognizes "the dignity of a fact": "Will the Negro fare as well in New England in winter and after the war as he fares in the South? It is very doubtful, but it is a fact that New England tobacco growers will draw a large number of southern Negroes to their fields. Other industries affording a greater day wage are drawing heavily upon Southern farm labor. It is a problem that cannot be ignored, because it has already assumed the character and dignity of a fact." The Macon Daily Telegraph, from the state that lynches more Negroes than any state in the Union, drones solemnly: "Away from his own country and his own white folks the Negro has a hard row to hoe. White labor, skilled and unskilled, will not work with him, or allow him to work at their work by himself, except in abnormal labor times when the employers need so many more men they can herd the Negroes together into big gangs and separate divisions where they will not come into contact with the whites. These times are rare and they don't last long. It appears, however, one of them is obtaining just now. "The South's loss is not merely the best of its labor but to it is added the dependents the emigrant of color leaves behind him. In the first place, only the good Negro with the job is taken because these northern agents want steady, disciplined, dependable workers. These sort of Negroes, always have a family, generally plenty of children and a wife who is the treasure of some white man's family kitchen or linen closet. The man gone, the entire burden of support of that family is thrown on the community in which it is left. Nothing may be con tributed directly, but in the end the general run of folks pay the bill and with interest. "It does not appear quite clear what can be done about it, but certainly the situation calls for quick action by the most resource THE OUTER POCKET ful minds we have locally. Macon has a great many good Negroes, men and women, who are a credit to themselves and their environment and a real asset to the city, just as Macon has far too many of the other kind. The Raleigh News and Observer rises to positive eloquence: "The South is not inviting labor agents, the southern Negro does not need them and the days when men can trade in labor and sell it at so much a head ought to be a thing of the past. Kindly, gentle persuasion by the application of the labor law to all agents might aid North and South Carolina communities in saving their Negroes from the disaster that awaits their arrival in the Pennsylvania industrial slave marts." Meantime, we find but one voice that seems to show any ordinary common sense and this, a correspondent in the Macon, Ga., Daily Telegraph: "I unhesitatingly do say that the better class—the thrifty and law-abiding Negroes —can do well up North, for the Negroes are more in demand and good wages are paid them. Therefore, we are not slaveholders; we do not own the Negroes; we cannot compel them to stay here. Therefore, we want to keep the Negroes here. Then some of the farmers quit running six, eight or twelve plow farms, come down to two or three plows, plant less cotton, raise more grain, vegetables, foodstuffs, and can what's left of the truck that can't be sold or used at once. Pay good wages." The Outer Pocket T LIKE the September CRISIS real well, except the story, "Joan", and for the good of both races I feel it not best to print such. Now, being a servant of God and doing most all of the preaching that I do to the white race, as there are just a few colored people in this county, I am somewhat acquainted with the white people and one of their greatest fears seems to be that their children may fall in love with the black people and marry. Now, as for me, I believe the same with all good thinking people of both races. They would have their children choose a mate of their own race. Such stories as "Joan" take too much effect on the ones of our race that are weak. Tyron, Neb. MAGGIE A . CALDWELL. I miss to a very great extent those sweet little fictions which have a great and powerful moral lesson in them for the young Afro-Americans; that which inspires us to greater ambitions and achievements; that which encourages us to fight fearlessly and intelligently all difficulties which confront the colored American in this country. But this encouragement cannot come by reading about the "blue-eyed, white-skinned types which are set before us in school and literature." We long to read about the rich, brown and black men and, women with glowing, dark eyes and crinkling hair." An interested reader of the CRISIS. St. Louis, Mo. Last year several times after reading the CRISIS I would find myself plunged into deepest despondency because of reading such discouraging items as often appear in your columns. Impulsively I thought of discontinuing my subscription, but on more sober thought, knowing as I do the terrible obstacles which confront my people, I decided that the magazine was only the more 292 THE CRISIS "BACKWARD, FLOW BACKWARD, O TIDE OF THE YEARS! I AM SO WEARY OF TOIL AND OF TEARS,— TOIL WITHOUT RECOMPENSE, TEARS ALL IN VAIN! TAKE THEM, AND GIVE MY CHILDHOOD AGAIN!" THE OUTER POCKET valuable because it is strong enough to tell the truth. For 'tis only through the truth that we can be free. Therefore, as an individual, I must see, as well as hear of the terrible injustices we must bear and it will only make me more determined to work and hope for ultimate and absolute freedom. MARGARET DOWNS MCCLEARY. Jacksonville, Fla. I have been a subscriber and reader of the CRISIS for two years or more, and I have not language to express my appreciation of it and of those who are responsible for its existence. Through its columns we are enabled to become better acquainted with our own race and the hopes and aspirations of our leaders—and I think it will become more and more a factor in promoting race respect. Guthrie, Okla. A. E . JACKSON. I would not waste my time and paper writing this letter if you were not so persistent, but since you insist I must say you are perfectly intolerant of any one who differs from you in opinion. Chicago, Ill. MRS. A. GRAVES. Let me say you are making a mighty strong and valuable organ of the CRISIS. I was probably the first northern man to put a gang of white men under the direction of a Negro. There was a hot protest; but I settled it by agreeing that when anyone of the party knew more about the work and could manage it better he was to have the leader's place—and there was no more kicking and the black man held to his place through sheer superiority. Ogunquit, Me. FREDERIC A. WHITING. Last issue of CRISIS received. The supplement on the Waco horror causes one to shiver. Please send bundles of it to Texas, Georgia and other states. If lynching is not then stopped then we are irretrievably brutal. The sight of that supplement will pain, but no cure without pain. Be not discouraged. Better times must come. Denton, Tex. RAYMOND VERNIMONT. I consider the CRISIS one of the most potent educational factors before the public. It is a recorder not only of our present history in all of its vicissitudes, but also of our ancient history whenever possible. This is best seen in your spirited responses as you bring to light carefully hidden facts to refute the criticisms of our enemies thus giving at the same time much useful knowledge to the reader. McGill University, PHILIP SAVORY. Montreal, Canada. We have been reading your valuable paper for the last three months and at our last meeting it was moved and seconded that I write you to express our appreciation and gratitude to you for the edition of such a paper. KENNETH L. HAMILTON, Sec'y British Negro Protection Association. West St. John, New Brunswick. I appreciate the reference to a silent constituency of the CRISIS. What editor of the colored publication has not had the same experience? Baltimore, Md. CARL J. MURPHY, Associate Editor, Afro-American. The CRISIS aims to state conditions as they are; it does not smooth them over nor exaggerate them. I like it for its truth. Then, I like its brave, reasonable and uncompromising stand for justice to all people. It is hardly necessary to say that it is dear to me because it is the champion of our own cause. And in addition to these reasons some of its editorials have impressed me by their strength and beauty as "Carrizal" and "Benson." Baltimore, Md. Miss MARGARET E . HOWE. The members of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People and others are cordially invited and earnestly requested to attend the National Colored Citizenship Rights Congress to be held Oct. 4-5, in the John Wesley A. M. E. Zion Church, 14th and Corcoran Streets, N. W., Washington, D. C , called by the National Equal Rights League. The abridgment of their citizenship rights a half century after Congress voted for citizenship for colored Americans will be a paramount matter for consideration at this national assembly of the race. BYRON GUNNER, Millburn, N. Y., President. WILLIAM MONROE TROTTER, Boston, Mass. REV. R. C. RANSOM, Oceanport, N. J THE CRISIS "O THOU CHILD OF MANY PRAYERS! LIFE HATH QUICKSANDS; LIFE HATH SNARES !" The Horizon MUSIC AND ART the festival. Two Negro Spirituals by H. T. MISS SARAH MAY TALBERT, pianist, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Talbert, of Buffalo, N. Y., was awarded first prize of $25, offered for the best vocal composition, at the annual session of the National Association of Colored Women's Clubs held in August at Baltimore, Md. Miss Talbert is a graduate of the New England Conservatory of Music. Mr. Kemper Harreld, violinist, of At lanta, Ga., has given a number of mid-sum mer recitals. At Tuskegee Institute and in Atlanta he was heard in numbers by Vieux temps, Ries, Sarasate, Schumann, Schubert, Kreisler and his own arrangement of Cad- man's "From the Land of the Sky Blue Water." Mme. Cara Sapin, contralto of the former Boston Opera Company, gave much pleasure at her recital at Northport, Me., by the sing ing of songs by Will Marion Cook and a group of plantation songs in which she is said to be inimitable. Mme. Sapin is a na tive white Southerner. Programs recently presented by George Hamlin, the noted tenor, comprise songs of H. T. Burleigh and Rosamond Johnson. The Hampton Quartet gave a concert re cently before a large audience at Duffield, Conn., under the auspices of the Banner Fountain Order. At the twenty-second midsummer musical festival held at Norfolk, Conn., distinguished artists appeared and their numbers by H. T. Burleigh proved to be among the most enjoyable of the songs offered. Daniel Beddoe, tenor, sang "The Young Warrior", while the spiritual, "Deep River", arranged by Mr. Burleigh, had a notable presentation by an octet of singers. At a banquet after the concert, given by the Misses Eldridge, patrons of these concerts, the octet repeated "Deep River". Negro composers have received wide recognition at the numerous mid-summer musical events held in New England. At Bridgton, Me., in August, Mme. Ruth Thayer-Burnham, mezzo-contralto, included in her group of modern songs Burleigh's "One Year" and Coleridge-Taylor's "Life and Death". Frederic Martin, bass, sang Will Marion Cook's "Exhortation" which was repeated at special request of the chorus of Burleigh were sung by the chorus, the second of which had to be repeated. J. Rosamond Johnson has written the music for J. A. Middleton's "I Told My Love to the Roses". G. Schirmer, New York, is the publisher. The college department of Samuel Hus ton College, Austin, Tex., rendered Shake speare's "Macbeth" to a large and enthusi astic audience in the college auditorium in May. A folk song festival under the direction of Mrs. E. Azalia Hackley was held at the auditorium at Asheville, N. C , recently. A Southern Negro folk song festival has been held in Dallas, Tex., at the Fair Park Coliseum. Thousands of people attended. Among the singers were Mrs. Anita Patti Brown and Mrs. Daisy Tapley. SOCIAL UPLIFT THE colored people of Greensboro, N. C, are to have a new $10,000 Carnegie library. A museum and parliamentary delegation has been visiting Canada on its way to the Empire conference in England. Among the members was Sir James Carroll, a man of Maori descent, for twenty-two years a mem ber of the House of Representatives and a former cabinet minister. New Zealand is civilized. Garrett A. Morgan, a colored man of Cleveland, O., helped rescue eleven white men, in Cleveland, who were the victims of an explosion. He used the safety hood of which he is the inventor. In a baby improvement contest in Phila delphia a colored child, William Johnson, won the first prize of $10. C At a summer Y. M. C. A. camp held at Diamond Lake, near Chicago, eighteen col ored boys and one hundred and thirty-two white boys encamped. One colored and one white boy were voted the most popular boys in the camp. The mayor of Charlotte, N. C , has presented two colored men, Fons Ross and Peter Stowe, a fund of $550 for saving the lives of six white men during the recent flood. At the peril of their own lives the two ventured not once, but three times out into the river. On their first trip, when they succeeded in 295 THE CRISIS rescuing Killian and Kale, their boat capsized and they were as near death as they possibly could be, but they held to their paddles and soon righted the skiff and kept on their way. Each time the torrent would sweep their craft further down stream, but each time they succeeded in grasping branches and tree limbs and holding desperately to where the white men were perched. The entire six, if not taken from their perilous places, would have been sooner or later swept to destruction. The waters were rising and the trees shook and rocked with the impact of the mighty volume of water which rushed against them. The Birmingham, Ala., Ledger has published a supplement of four pages with pictures on the colored people of the city. Ground has been broken for the new $100,000 Y. M. C. A. for colored men in Atlanta, Ga. The Negro Fresh Air Committee, of New York City, in the summer of 1915 spent $1,100 helping 247 people and providing 328 weeks' care. A "Tag Day" for the benefit of the colored Clara Frye Hospital was held at Tampa, Fla. The first Negro regiment of the New York National Guard, known as the 15th, is rapidly getting its full quota of men. A large number of the officers are colored and it is hoped that Lieutenant-Colonel Young will eventually be put into command. The Afro-American records eight colored newspapers started in the United States before 1850. They were Freedom's Journal, New York, 1827; the Weekly Advocate, New York, 1837; the Elevator, Albany, N. Y., 1842; the National Watchman and Clarion, Troy, N. Y., 1842; the Mystery, Pittsburgh, Pa., 1843; the Genius of Freedom, Rochester N. Y., 1845; the Ram's Horn, New York, 1846, and the North Star, Rochester, N. Y., 1847. The question of colored bishops over colered churches will again take the attention of the General Convention of the Protestant Episcopal Church which meets this month in St. Louis. The Joint Commission has disagreed. The majority report recommends that all Negroes from the South be put under Negro bishops at large. The minority report calls this unchristian and recommends suffragan bishops for colored people under the white bishops. The Catholic Federation, meeting in New York, adopted this section concerning Negroes: Solicitous for the spiritual and temporal welfare of the ten millions of colored people in the United States, we regard with satisfaction the splendid work being done for them by the various organizations. We pledge our loyal support and heartily commend all those zealous, self-sacrificing religious people who devote their lives to the evangelization of the colored people. The annual State Colored Fair of South Carolina will be held at Columbia next month. President R. R. Wright, of Georgia, is starting a home for destitute colored children in Savannah. At present there is no protection or succor for them. The colored people of Nashville have had a Carnegie Public Library since February, 1916. During this time 15,066 persons have used the library and have drawn 4,205 books. The Rev. J. S. Jackson, former financial secretary of the A. M. E. Zion Church, has turned over $5,000 worth of property to the church in settlement of his alleged shortage. MEETINGS THE colored Baptists are now divided •*- into two parts. The followers of Dr. Boyd, who practically insists that the National Publishing House is his private property, met last month in Kansas City, Mo. The opposing faction, under Dr. Morris, met in Savannah, Ga. The Southern University Race Commission met in Asheville, N. C , and congratulated itself on the "decrease in lynching". It announces that the Negro is the "weakest link in our civilization!" Professor E. C. Branson was elected chairman for the ensuing year. The ninth annual convention of the National Association of Colored Graduate Nurses was held at Mother Zion, A. M. E., Church, in New York City, during August. One hundred and thirty delegates were in attendance and Miss Adah B. Thomas, president, presided. The colored Masonic convention recently held in Chicago, Ill., was honored with a banquet by Julius Rosenwald, the philanthropist, at the Sears-Roebuck &amp; Company's building. The seventeenth annual session of the Grand Lodge, Improved, Benevolent and Protective Order of Elks of the World has THE HORIZON met in Philadelphia. Wolverine Lodge, Detroit, Mich., holds property valued at $27, 501. Reports further show that $11,338.72 was paid to sick members, $8,721 to beneficiaries of the dead and $2,792.92 contributed to charity. The National Association of Teachers in Colored Schools held its annual meeting in Nashville, Tenn. John Hope, president of Morehouse College, presided. The National Negro Business League held a large and successful meeting at Kansas City, Mo. The Hon. J. C. Napier was elected president to succeed the late Booker T. Washington. The Biennial Movable Committee of the Grand United Order of Odd Fellows met in Washington, D. C , last month at Convention Hall. At Lake Placid and Mt. Elba, N. Y., on August 23, a bronze tablet in memory of John Brown and his followers was unveiled. The tablet is fastened to a great boulder on John Brown's farm and was cast by the John Williams Bronze Foundry, New York. Among the speakers were the Hon. Frank B. Sanborn, Dean Kelly Miller, Mr. John E. Milholland and Rabbi Stephen S. Wise. The tenth biennial convention of the National Association of Colored Women met in Baltimore, Md., with some five hundred delegates. Mrs. Mary B. Talbert, of Buffalo, N. Y., was elected as president and Denver, Colo., was chosen as the next meeting place. The association will take over the Frederick Douglas Home in Anacostia, D. C , and make it a national headquarters. INDUSTRY MR. H. C. WEBB, a colored man of Bradentown, Fla., has invented a plow which the local papers pronounce a great success. John T. Patrick is said to be planning a Negro town on the coast of South Carolina. Thousands of colored laborers are coming North to work. Every effort is being made by southern states and cities to hinder their exodus by exorbitant taxes of $500 and $1,000 on immigration agents. Meetings and agitation of all sorts have been carried on. _ Colored moulders, who have long been refused admission to the Moulders' Union, have replaced striking white moulders at Chattanooga, Tenn. Hosiery manufacturers, of Pennsylvania, are considering the importation of Negro girls for their knitting mills. Colored artisans are used in four shoe factories in New Orleans, La. There are said to be at present fifty-one colored banks in the United States. Colored labor union leaders in Jacksonville, Fla., have published the following card: "To the Public: We, the officials of the colored organized labor unions of Jacksonville, who are recognized as the only legal representatives of organized Negro labor here, feel that the remedy for all labor troubles or controversies should be submitted to labor organizations. Recently we noticed in the columns of the local daily papers articles of advice in the form of a resolution, to the colored people of Duval county and the city of Jacksonville in particular, concerning the present disturbances brought about by the transportation of hundreds of colored laborers from this point to Northern fields of labor. We take this method of informing the public that the undersigned are the only authorized leaders of the labor organizations of Jacksonville (colored) and we have in no wise participated in any of the meetings nor given our consent to any of the sentiment expressed in any of the meetings, nor have we in any way given authority to anyone to represent us in the expression of opinion in the matter." The colored knitting mill at Ocala, Fla., employs one hundred and eight colored girls. The colored people of Macon, Ga., cele brated their first Labor Day this year. The North Carolina Mutual and Provident Association shows gross assets of $169, 690. It has $5,000,000 worth of insurance in force. The Pennsylvania Railroad has imported 2,000 Negroes from Georgia to work on their railroad. The laborers were taken from outside Savannah because of an ordinance imposing a fine of $1,000 for taking them from the city. PERSONAL TH E Right Rev. S. D. Ferguson, for thirty-five years bishop of the Episcopal church in Liberia, is dead. The Rev. Isaac C. Decatur, a well known colored preacher and teacher of Atlanta, Ga., is dead. Mrs. Fannie Welters, of St. Augustine, Fla., was drowned with two companions in Sanches Creek. 298 THE CRISIS Dr. William Hayes Ward, for forty-eight years writer and editor of the Independent and well known friend of the colored race, is dead. Simon G. Atkins, formerly educational secretary of the A. M. E. Zion Church, has been elected president of Livingstone College in North Carolina. Mr. Joseph S. Cotter, a school principal of Louisville, was the only colored man in vited to be present at the dedication of the Lincoln Memorial at Hodginsville, Ky. Dr. G. D. B. Gordon, a post graduate of Freedman's Hospital, Washington, D. C , is Acting District Medical Officer for the Buff Bay District on the Island of Jamaica and has charge of the second largest hospital on the Island. C Tuskegee Institute has published the first number of the Foreign Leaf in the interest of its foreign students. Eighty-four students from twenty foreign countries attended the school last year. Mr. Harry C. Simmons, formerly of New York and Boston, is chief custodian of the Anaconda Copper Mining Company's general offices in Montana. He has been in the service of the company for twenty-five years. Father S. L. Theobald, a Negro Catholic priest in St. Paul, Minn., has been adopted as a son by Mrs. Mary E. Falihee, a wealthy white resident of the city. Brevet Lieutenant - Colonel Stanton Weaver, a white man formerly captain in the 62d Regiment, U. S. Colored Infantry Volunteers, died recently in Washington, D. The official records show that this regiment fired the last volley of the Civil war near Brownsville, Tex., May 13, 1865. C J. G. Ish, Jr., has been re-elected superintendent of Branch Normal College at Pine Bluff, Ark. Isaac Hathaway, the sculptor, is teacher of ceramics in this school. The school is teaching the history of the Negro and using as texts Brawley, DuBois and the CRISIS. Mr. John A. Hodge has been made principal of the Sumner High School, Kansas City, Kan. He is a graduate of Indiana University where he took his master's degree and is a member of the Sigma Xi. Dr. D. A. Ferguson, of Richmond, Va., president of the Tri-State Dental Association, was presented with a silver loving cup by the dentists of Virginia at the third annual meeting of that association at Buck-roe Beach, Va., in July. Mrs. Ellen Stuart Bentley, formerly of Richmond, Va., who died last April in New York, left $8,000 of her $10,000 estate to her Negro maid, Minnie F. Smith. Walter R. Livingston, of the Florida A. &amp; M. College, received first mention in archi tectural drawing at Armour Institute this summer. Sotero Quevedo, a colored linotype oper ator of Tuskegee Institute, Ala., won a prize of $10 from the Mergenthaler Lino type Company for an alphabet he wrote for the July Linotype Bulletin. POLITICAL THE Supreme Court of the state of Okla homa has before it the question of the right of Negroes to act as election officers. The question arose, strange to say, at Boley which is an exclusively Negro town. C The Negro problem stalked in the recent National American Woman's Suffrage Association which held its forty-eighth annual convention at Atlantic City. Southern women like Laura Clay, of Kentucky, and Kate Gordon of Louisiana, fought bitterly the Federal Amendment and instanced the Fifteenth Amendment. They were decisively beaten. The literacy test in Oklahoma, designed to get rid of the Negro vote, was beaten in the last election despite various tricks and subterfuges. The Democrats now claim that they did it. The Honorable Charles E. Hughes, Republican candidate for president, recently said to a delegation of colored men in New York City: "I am and always have been friendly in my feelings to the colored people. I have expressed it in this city at a meeting held with reference to Dr. Washington. I know the burdens and problems of your people. In what I say as to brotherhood and oppotunity denied to none because of race, in that word race I include the colored American and am mindful of your problems. "There are parts of my career I cannot bring into politics, but in the position that I have taken is to be seen my principles as to equal rights. "Americanism is a spirit. It means equality of opportunity, character and intelligence. In intellect, in character, in equality of opportunity there can be no color line. That is the Americanism for which I stand." THE HORIZON The "Lily White" Republican faction, of Tennessee, refused all recognition to colored Republicans. Thereupon the colored men nominated an entire ticket of colored candidates for the Tenth Congressional District. In New Jersey dissatisfaction with the tactics of the white leaders has led to the naming of colored tickets in a number of sections. The Republicans have nominated a colored man, Harry E. Davis, as state representative from Cleveland, and another colored man, Lee Beaty, to be representative from Cincinnati, O. Mr. Davis has an excellent record and is recommended by the best organizations. EDUCATION A GOVERNMENT report on educa tional facilities for colored people is about ready for publication. The entire work has been done by southern white men headed by a former white Hampton teacher. In Bessemer, Ala., out of 4,090 Negro children there is not one illiterate between the ages of seven and twenty-one, and this in spite of indifferent school facilities. There has always been a great amount of dishonesty connected with the administration of school funds in Mississippi. Alcorn College is a case in point. Recently a former president of Alcorn and a number of colored teachers were convicted for trafficking in school warrants and illegally retaining funds. Nothing was said of the white accomplices. Lucy Dahlgren, now a Sister of the Catholic Church, is teaching in the orphanage for colored children at Cornwells, N. Y. She was formerly a well known heiress. A recent report of the public schools of Greenville county, S. C , shows that the annual per capita expenditure for white pupils was $19.38; for colored pupils $1.40. Three years, ago these figures were $15.32 and $1.25 respectively. Each white teacher had 39 pupils and each colored teacher 95. The Brick School, N. C , is building a model school house at a cost of $2,000. A new colored high school building in Louisville, Ky., is being finished. It is a remodeled building taken over from the whites. The Progressive Negro Association has been formed in the Island of Jamaica for the general uplift of the colored race. The annual report of the superintendent of education for Charleston county, S. C, shows some interesting results. The majority of the population of the county is colored, yet the expenditures for schools were: For whites, $148,734.37; and for Negroes, $57,307.06. The teachers in the white schools received $89,835.22; and in the Negro schools, $49,770.02. The per capita expenditure per white pupil was $27.16, $3.79 less than last year; while the per capita expenditure per Negro pupil was $6.88, $.26 cents less than last year. Notwithstanding these reductions these figures are far above the average for the state. The schedule of teachers' salaries is above the average for the state and for the nation. White men received $1,161.29; white women, $517.26; men in Negro schools, $911.77; women in Negro schools, $339.23. In the white schools each teacher had an enrollment of 35 pupils and an average attendance of 27. In the Negro schools each teacher had an enrollment of 64, with an average attendance of 43. GHETTO A TAXI-CAB driver in Wilmington, Del., refused to haul Mrs. Booker T. Washington and a number of other prominent delegates to the National Association of Colored Women's Clubs. A Jitney bus line running from Houston, Tex., to a colored suburb became very profitable. Thereupon the white people had it abolished claiming that it ran through a white red light district and disturbed law abiding citizens! Mrs. Lillian Fields, a colored woman, secured in New York City a verdict of $500 against a white employer who falsely charged her of theft. It is reported that a colored regiment with exclusively white officers is being-formed in Pittsburgh. The Georgia legislature refused to pass an anti-lynching law increasing the responsibility of the sheriff. Discrimination against colored children in schools is being fought in Ann Arbor, Mich., and in Portland, Ore. Springfield, Ill., is attempting to deny the use of its public swimming pool to colored people. Colored men have been refused admis 300 THE CRISIS sion to the Plattsburg Military Training-Encampment. The attempt of the police to move Frank Harden, a Negro resident of 8 Myrtle street, Atlanta, Ga., from that locality, has resulted in a court test of the second city segregation ordinance passed recently after the first had been declared unconstitutional in the higher courts. The new segregation ordinances have been upheld by the lower courts in Atlanta, Ga., and enjoined in Norfolk, Va. Mr. Frank Williams, the colored principal of the Sumner High School, separated his white and colored auditors at this year's commencement exercises in St. Louis. Mr. A. T. Smith, manager of the Paul Quinn Weekly, Waco, Tex., has been in jail over a month because of an article on the recent lynching. It is said that his wife is destitute and ill. A new segregation order has been issued by the secretary of the navy. It says in part: Beginning Wednesday morning, August 9, 1916, the toilets in the State, War and Navy Department Building will be allotted for use as toilets as follows: FOR WHITE MEN—Sub-basement, OA, OB; basement, B, C, D, E, F, G, H; 1st floor, IB, 1C, ID, IF, 1G, 1H; 2nd floor, 2A, 2B, 2C, 2E, 2F, 2H; 3rd floor, 3A, 3C, 3D, 3E, 3G, 3H; 4th floor, 4A, 4C, 4D, 4F, 4G, 4H; 5th floor, 5G, 5H. FOR COLORED MEN—Sub-basement, OD, OH; basement, A; 1st floor, IE; 2nd floor, 2G; third floor, 3E; 4th floor, 4E. The jailer of Roanoke, Va., has recently revealed the fact that the colored man. Smith, who was lynched September 21, 1893, for assaulting a woman, was inno cent and known to be so by the officials a short time afterward. The real criminal was arrested, but after a conference he was allowed to leave on promising never to return. In the August CRISIS details were given of the wanton killing of Charles Burwell in Selma, Ala. The white murderer was held on a charge of murder in the first de gree, but was acquitted on a plea of in sanity. A colored man, Charles H. Haines, of Tampa, Fla., discovered a white man crim inally intimate with his wife. He killed him and was sentenced to be hanged. He said on the scaffold: "I went to a judge and to an officer of the law and told them about it. The first question they asked me, was, 'Is he a white man?' I said that he was and an officer of the law told me that the best thing I could do was to go away from here. He ruined my home and made it unsafe for me to go there and when I went, as a law-abiding citizen, to ask that something be done about it they asked first of all, 'Is he a white man?' "Any man would have done what I did. Mr. Walker was my friend for years, but he tried to kill me when I wouldn't give him that shotgun." At Lima, O., a mob tried to get Charles Daniels, a Negro prisoner accused of assaulting a white woman, but failed. They seriously wounded the sheriff and it is said caused the death of his child. The following lynchings have taken place since our last record: Aug. 9, Stutgart, Ark., unidentified Negro for attacking the daughter of a farmer. Aug. 19, Newberry, Fla., for alleged complicity in the escape of a criminal: Josh Baskin, James Dennis, Bert Dennis, Mary Dennis, and Stella Long. Aug. 19, Rice, Tex., Ed Lang, attempted assault. Aug. 19, Valdosta, Ga., Lewis, for entering a house, is supposed to have been lynched. Aug. 26, Shreveport, La., Jesse Hanmet, attempted assault. THE HORIZON 'THE CHILDHOOD SHOWS THE MAN, AS MORNING SHOWS THE DAY' 302 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Watch this page each month. It belongs to the STANDARD LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY OLD LINE—LEGAL RESERVE Not Fraternal — Nor Assessment CAPITAL STOCK $100,000.00 INSURANCE IN FORCE OVER $2,500,000.00 Responsible agents wanted in Georgia, Alabama, Tennessee, Kentucky, Missouri, Arkansas, Texas, Mississippi and the District of Columbia. This is the big opportunity for HIGH CLASS MEN, and they must BE MEN in every sense of the word. Only men who are willing to work hard and have salesmanship ability need apply. HOME OFFICE, 200 AUBURN AVENUE ATLANTA, GEORGIA Mention TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER National President Vice-Presidents MOORFIELD STOREY, Boston OSWALD GARRISON VILLARD, New York Chairman of the Board of Directors REV. JOHN HAYNES HOLMES, New York DR. J. E. SPINGARN, New York JOHN E. MILHOLLAND, New York ARCHIBALD H. GRIMKE, Washington Director of Publications and Research MARY WHITE OVINGTON, Brooklyn DR. W. E. B. DU BOIS. New York REV. G. R. WALLER, Springfield, Mass. NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE OSWALD GARRISON VILLARD ROY NASH Treasurer Secretary ADDITIONAL MEMBERS OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS JANEChicago  ADDAMS DR.Brooklyn  V. MORTON JONES REV.New York HUTCHIN S C. BISHOP DR. C. E. BENTLEY DR. O. M. WALLER REV. W. H. BROOKS Boston New Haven MRS. FLORENCE KELLEY PAUL KENNADAY JOSEPH PRINCE LOUD GEORGE W. CRAWFORD CHARLES EDWARD RUSSELL BUTLER R. WILSON Baltimore DR.Philadelphia  WILLIAM A. SINCLAIR ARTHUR B. SPINGARN CHARLES H. STUDIN DR. JOHN G. UNDERHILL BISHOP JOHN HURST DR. F. N. CARDOZO PROF.Washington  GEO. WILLIAM COOK LILLIAN D. WALD WILLIAM ENGLISH WALLING The Anti-Lynching Fund of $10,000 has been raised; but $10,000 is a very small sum. Why not make it $15,000? Awake! Put on thy strength, O Zion! Membership Blank The Crisis is sent without further charge to members paying two dollars or more. Date 1916. OSWALD GARRISON VILLARD, Treasurer, 70 Fifth Avenue, New York. SIR : I desire to become a member of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People and to receive The Crisis. In payment of my dues for one year, I enclose dollars. Name Street City and State Mention THE CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER BOOKS BY COLORED AUTHORS Nearly a quarter of a century has passed since the Neale house was founded. Hundreds of its publications are in active circulation. None of these are more vitally important to the American people than those that relate to racial problems. They comprise a library in themselves. Limitations of space enable us to announce here but a few of these books by prominent colored authors. Race Adjustment: Essays on the Negro in America. By Kelly Miller, colored; Dean of the College of Arts and Sciences and Professor of Mathematics, Howard University. Third thousand. $2.15 by mail. Chicago News: "The book is written with great ability, in English quite free from fault, and its logic is fairly inexorable." New York Evening Post: "As admirable for its calmness and good temper as for its thoroughness and skill." Out of the House of Bondage. By Kelly Miller, colored; Dean of the College of Arts and Sciences, Howard University. $1.65 by mail. Boston Transcript: "Written in a clear and decisive style, with a comprehensive and convincing command of the subject. He neither denounces nor condemns; he analyzes and constructs possibilities upon the fundamental basis of human nature. No man of his race has so sure a power of pruning the fallacies with passionless intellectual severity from the pernicious arguments of the prejudiced demagogues." The Facts of Reconstruction. By John R. Lynch, colored; formerly Member of Congress; later Fourth Auditor of the Treasury; at present Major in United States Army. Fourth thousand. $1.65 by mail. Chicago Tribune: "This book is perhaps the most important contribution which has been made by any political writer during recent years to the political literature of the reconstruction era." The Key; or, a Tangible Solution of the Negro Problem. By James S. Stemons, colored; Field Secretary of the Joint Organization of the Association for Equalizing Industrial Opportunities and the League of Civic and Political Reform. Mr. Stemons contends that industrial opportunity, rather than industrial education, is the basic need of the Negro. He presents his arguments in vigorous English of extraordinary purity, and the book may easily be classed with the foremost literature of the Negro race. $1.00 by mail. Racial Adjustments in the Methodist Episcopal Church. By John H. Reed, D. D., K. C , colored; with an introduction by Adna B. Leonard, D. D., LL. D. $1.60 by mail Philadelphia Christian Recorder: "The bookfilled with splendid idealism, and in spite of its somewhat verbose character, presents a fine argument, which in this day of compromise for the present exigencies may not be heeded." Haiti: Her History and Her Detractors. By J. N. Leger, colored; formerly Minister from Haiti to the United States. Illus trated. Two editions: one in English and the other in French. Each edition $3.20 by mail. The Nation, New York: "Haiti, at last, has a champion who is entitled to be heard; for he speaks from fullness of knowledge, and from a position of political eminence sends forth no uncertain sound. It is not too much to say that the latest book on Haiti is also the best that has ever appeared respecting the so-called 'Black Republic' Minister Leger has struck a new note, for, unlike others who have written on the subject, he places himself against a veritable wall of facts, and not only wards off the blows that are aimed at his country, but takes the aggressive against her critics." The New Negro; His Political, Civil, and Mental Status. By William Pickens, Lit. D., colored; Dean of Morgan College, Baltimore. Dr. Pickens was graduated from Yale in the highest grade of his class and won the Phi Beta Kappa Key and the Ten Eyck Oration. Although a young man, he has won distinction as a scholar; he is among the foremost men of his race. $1.60 by mail. Negro Culture in West Africa. By George W. Ellis, K. C , F. R. G. S., colored; recently, and for eight years, Secretary of the United States Legation in Liberia; author of "Liberia in the Political Psychology of West Africa," "Islam as a Factor in West African Culture," "Dynamic Factors in the Liberian Situation," and other works. Profusely illustrated. $2.15 by mail. Chicago Tribune: "It is the third consecutive contribution made by a noted man to our knowledge of conditions and peoples in West Africa." Albany Times-Union: "It is easily one of the most important contributions ever made to the literature of the Negro race." New York Crisis: "This history ought to be in every American's library." The Black Man's Burden. By William H. Holtzclaw, colored; Principal of the Utica Normal and Industrial Institute for the Training of Colored Young Men and Young-Women, Utica, Mississippi. With an introduction by the late Booker T. Washington.  is Illustrated. Third thousand. $1.60 by mail. New Orleans Times-Picayune: "It is an interesting study of Negro achievement and should be an inspiration to the young men and the young women of the race." Prof. Wm. E. Chancellor, Ph. D,, the eminent historian and educator, writes: "The Neale Publishing- Company to-day represents high-water mark in America for its historical works. Upon its list are to be found the best books upon each and every side of the common issues of our public life. Such is the authority of the list considered as an entirety as to lend luster to each separate title, creating a presumption in its favor." Order through THE NEALE PUBLISHING CO.,440FourthAvenueNewYorkCity or THE CRISIS,70Fifth Avenue Mention THE CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 305 AN INVITATION TO EDUCATORS THE NATIONAL TRAINING SCHOOL, DURHAM, N. C, extends a cordial invitation to the heads of Universities, Colleges and Secondary Schools for the education and training of colored people in the United States to be the. guests of the School, November 21-24, 1916, for the purpose of Conferences, closer unity and understanding of the needs and educational requirements of the colored people. / Among the subjects to be discussed particular stress will be laid on the following: 1. What is the opinion of the Educators themselves in regard to the duplication of work in schools in the various communities? Has it been hurtful, unwise and wasteful ? What plans ought to be fostered to correct the evil? 2. To what extent should classes devoted to Teacher Training be encouraged ? How and where located ? 3. What system should be devised to meet the requirements of the rural teacher? 4. What should be the standard of the University, College, Normal School, Teacher Training and Secondary Schools? 5. How should students be received from one to the. other? 6. To what extent should religious instruction be carried on in the various schools ? . / . 7. Should there be a general clearing-house for aid for Negro schools ? 8. Is the aid given by the various Funds and Boards to Negro education wise, economical and helpful? Many other and kindred subjects will be announced on the tentative program which will be published in the early Fall. This Conference has been suggested by a great many who desire to know the actual condition and needs of the schools devoted to Negro education from those who are actually doing the work. No Conference in recent years will be more far-reaching in its effects than this. The guests will be entertained free of charge by the National Training School. Durham itself presents a field of study and inspiration, which will be furnished by no other city of its size in the country. Do you approve of such a Conference? Will you be present? Please let me know at your earliest convenience. Yours for service, James E. Shepard President National Training School, Durham, N. C. UlllllillllllllllllllllliUlllllllllllllllllllllllllllta Mention THE CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER NATURAL HAIR WIGS Direct From Manufacturer My business is selling fine quality Human Hair Goods direct to the wearer by mail. Every wig is hand made, by skilful workers, using only the best of materials, and should not be confused with machine made goods which are frequently advertised at lower prices. This wig has two parts in front, is dressed in one handsome swirl all the way from front to the back, as illustrated. This can also be dressed in cluster of puffs in back, if so desired. This wig has a continuous part from the center No. 2 Wig, Price $10 of forehead to the nape of neck. Another part across the head from ear to ear, also two additional parts in the front on the right and left side commencing at the forehead meeting the part that EVERY WIG MADE TO YOUR crosses from ear to ear making three parts in front; an additional part runs across the back of head OWN MEASUREMENT ^ under both ears. No. 16 Wig, Price $16 In addition to the two styles illustrated, I make many other styles of wigs, also a complete line of switches, transformations, etc. FREE—Illustrated catalog with instructions for ordering, sent on request. SATISFACTION GUARANTEED—All goods as represented or money refunded. ALEX MARKS 652Broadway New York City Mention THE CRISIS 307 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER The World's Greatest Array of Literary Celebrities Will Write During 1916-17 for The CHAMPION MAGAZINE EDITED	 BY FENTON JOHNSON Kelly Miller. Benjamin Griffith Brawley, William Pickens. George W. Harris, Binga Dismond. James Weldon Johnson, Richard T. Greener, Walter S. Buchanan. E. T. Ware, Mary McLeod Bethune, George W. Ellis, William Moore. Monroe W. Work, Ida B. Wells Barnett, R. R. Wright, Jr., W. S. Scarborough, Emory E. Scott, Leslie Pinckney Hill, "Scrip" and others. Read "The Ledger," "Paste Pot and Shears" and other interesting departments. A great Pictorial Review in Letogravure each month. Special Numbers: October—Conventions; November — Educational; December — Business. Forty-eight Pages of Current Literature. Order Early! Agents Wanted Every where! ONE DOLLAR A YEAR TEN CENTS A COPY OFFICES: 4724 South State St. CHICAGO, ILL. The Wonder quality v. quantity Liquid enamel of the Age HIGH SUR FACE _ POLISH TRADEMARK LIQUID ENAMEL Is the last word in a High surface Polish. Positively gives the most brilliant and lasting lustre known. Is absolutely waterproof, dustproof and finger mark-proof not affected by heat, cold, or dampness. Keeps indefinitely. Liquid Enamel's only rival is a large diamond under the rays of a powerful arc-light. Dries spontaneously with each stroke of the cloth. USES Admirably adapted for use on automobiles, exterior and interior of Pullmans and all steam cars, carriages, mahogany, wains-coating of hotels, banks, office buildings, private residences, motor cycles, victrolas, desks, clocks, furniture, cabinet flies, safes, book cases, exterior and interior surfaces of electric cars, violins, interior woodwork of stores and steamships, delivery wagons. PRICE 50c PER BOTTLE. W. AUGS. B. MATTHEWS 79	 Dexter St., Medford, Mass. Agent. Mention ToGetYour WE Don't Clothes A New WAY ASK YOU TO SPEND YOUR PROFITS FREE FOR CLOTHES ij Make Bio Money Duringsparetime Something Different,bigger, more liberal than any offer ever made. Lower prices better clothes— bigger cash profits. Express paid on everything. Complete AGENTS Outfit FREE Your name on a postal card brings 60 real cloth samples and everything needed tostart earning big money free. Spencer Mead Co., Dept. 1351 Chicago, Correct calling Cards POPULAR STYLES FOR LADIES OR GENTLEMEN. 100 FOR 50 CENTS OR 50 FOR 3 0 CENTS, NO EXTRA CHARGE FOR ADDRESS. ALL ORDERS FILLED PROMPTLY. ATTRACTIVE PROPOSITION FOR AGENTS. WRITE FOR SAMPLES AND TERMS THE HOUSE OF CHOWNING Indianapolis. Indiana THE PACE &amp; HANDY MUSIC CO. of Memphis, Tenn. is a race enterprise and asks the co-operation of all readers of THE CRISIS. This firm leads in the publication of BLUES and is dedicated to the task of publishing the "SOUL MUSIC" of the darker races in all lands. A copy of Handy's AFRO-AMERICAN HYMN free for 30 days only. Send 11c for "DOWN BY THE CHATTAHOOCHEE RIVER" or "UNTIL YOU STOP THE WORLD FROM TURNING." PACE &amp; HANDY MUSIC CO. 388 Beale Ave. MEMPHIS, TENN. YOUR FALL SUIT FREE Send postal today for full infor mation how to get your Fall suit, made to measure, without a penny's cost. $30 to $40 would not buy a better one. Simply wear it, tell your friends where you got it—take their orders—and make $10 to $15 a Day in your spare time. It is dead easy—you never saw a nobbier suit or a more stunning pattern, cut in very latest style. Your choice of 60 fabrics and 82 styles. Drop us a postal card for heavy pattern book, inside information abou t stvles, self- measuring blanks, etc. DON' T WAIT- Mail Postal NOw! We Pay Delivery ChargesGetaheadofotherfellows,writethisminute. American Woolen Mills Company Dept. 1051 Chicago  THE Crisis THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Atlanta University Studies of the Negro Problems 19 Monographs Sold Separately Address ATLANTA UNIVERSITY CONFERENCE ATLANTA UNIVERSITY ATLANTA, GA. The Curse of Race Prejudice By James F. Morton, Jr., A. M. An aggressive exposure by an Anglo-Saxon champion of equal rights. Startling facts and crushing arguments. -Fascinating reading. A necessity for clear understanding and up-to-date propaganda. Belongs in the library of every friend of social justice. Price 25 cents. Send order to JAMES F. MORTON, JR. 211 West 138th Street •:• New York, N. Y. "GLEANINGS FROM DIXIE-LAND" Ten poems by Effie T. Battle, A.M. "Mrs. Battle has an individual gift of melody." —Springfield Republican. "You owe it to your race to publish your poems in book form."—Editor, Southwestern Christian Advocate. "Verses are smooth, graceful, high-minded and clear, reverent to all truth, appreciative of all beauty and true inspiration."—George W . Cable. PRICE 25 CENTS. Address: Okolona Industrial School, Okolona, Miss, $25.00 PER WEEK may be made in commissions by parties handling "History of Negro Soldiers in Spanish-American War" combined with "History of the Negro Race." 400 pages, 50 illustrations. Price $1.25 net. Address: E. A. JOHNSON 154 Nassau Street NEW YORK THE HAITIAN REVOLUTION By T. G. STEWARD A book of 300 pages, beautifully Illustrated. Tells the story of the birth of the Black Republic. $1.25 Net "The Haitian Revolution, 1701 to 1804, by Mr. T. G-Steward, is now reissued in a second edition (Crowell). •Enthusiasm for his subject and a personal knowledge of present-day life on the island help the author in his endeavor, as he suggests in the introduction to present touches of genius in character, and here and there glimpses of moral grandeur in action. A list of authorities consulted, a chart of the presidents of Haiti with their terms of office, a classified list of Haitian authors with names of their works, and an appendix containing Thiers' Exposition of the Revolution are useful features of the volume.*'—The Dial. ORDER FROM THE AUTHOR T. G. STEWARD, Wilberforce, Ohio Or from THE CRISIS. 70 Fifth Ave., New York. University Literary Bureau Manuscript Criticized and Revised Poems, Short Stories, Novels, Scenarios, Magazine and Press Articles, Sermons and Addresses. Advice on Publication Correspondence Solicited Strictly Confidential Montgomery Gregory Alain Leroy Lock ADDRESS: Box 102, Howard University, Washington, D. C. "The Truth About the Bible" This book deals with the sex of the Bible. "It will empty our jails, insane asylums and hospitals in time; it should be in every home in the world." —J. H. Powell, M. D. "For ideas, it is the world's greatest book."—J. Silas Harris, A. M. "It is the world's most revolutionary hook; it means a better race."—W. A. Swan, M. D. Head this hook. Price $3.00. Address the Author, Sidney C. Tapp, Ph.B., 601 Delaware St., Kansas City, Mo. PAPERS OF AMERICAN NEGRO ACADEMY' Sex Question and Race Segregation, Archibald H. Grimke Message of San Domingo to African Race, Theophilus G. Steward Status of Free Negro Prior to 1SG0, LafayetteM.Hershaw Economic Contribution by Negro to America, Arthur A. Schomburci Status of Free Negro from 1860 to 1S7C, William Pickens American Negro Bibliography of the Year, John W. Cromwell Papers read at the 19th annual meeting, December 28th and 29th, 1915. 84 pp. Price 25c. ^ Address ? * J. W. Cromwell 1439 Swann Street Washington, D. C. LET US SHOW YOU HOW TO GET FREE SUITS Here we go again, breaking- all records for new, nobby, ahead-of-thetime styles. Be the first in your town to wear, a suit that is ahead, of time. Earn it while you wear it. We send the suit • complete. You can make big money, too. There is $50 TO $100 a Week in it for you. Drop us a postal for cur advance book, select the styles you want and the cloth. Let us prove our wonderful offer. Don't wait a minute. Costs you nothing to look into this. We send everything the day your request is received. We prepay delivery charges on everything. Simply send in a postal with your name and ad dress on it. Do it right now. Paragon Tailoring Co. Dept. 1051 CHICAGO Mention THE CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER	 309 If It Is For Your LodgeWE HAVE IT! W e manufacture Lodge Regalia for every Fraternal Society. Cash or Installment Plan. Cheapest Badge House in the Country. Catalogue for your Society FREE. CENTRAL REGALIA CO. The Negro Regalia House. JOS. L.JONES. Pres . N. E. Cor. 8th &amp; Plum Cincinnati. Ohio $20.00 to $40.00 per week being made selling the new history of colored people; everybody buys; anyone can sell. A Something New Under the Sun "Allianceskin" Pants $1.00 Pronounced, Stronger than A Lion's skin man or woman wanted for each county to We Pay Express or Parcel Post Charges Made As You Like Them. A new cloth work full or spare time. —beautiful finish and texture. Can be worn Write for terms and free outfit. for dress, or work and the formula for weaving "ALLIANCESKIN" IS our exclusive AUSTIN JENKINS CO., 7th Street, Washington, D. C. property. Wonderful value. Only $1.00. We make suits to measure from $7.50 up, also overcoats and "Yearound" Raincoats _ at$3.85. Just mail us your name Agent s and address and we will send Wanted FREE all our catalogs, with real SPLENDID OPPORTUNITY A t Once samples of cloths, illustrations. . _ tape line, order blanks, etc. Biggest bargains you ever saw. Our prices save for a Dentist desiring to locate in half. Satisfaction guaranteed. See all our references and with them Make Big Money. Philadelphia, Pa. For particulars PRODUCERS &amp; CONSUMERS ALLIANCE Dept. 117 Wholesale Tailors, Chicago 	address Frank Dawson, 1020 Chestnut Street. PAAINLESS treatment for CORN'S, BUNIONS. IN- , GROWN' NAILS, and ALL other AILMENTS' of the FEET. DR. WILLIAM J. CARTER CHIROPODIST — Registered in the States of New York and New Jersey Telephone 1284 Audubon. 167 West 136th St., New York City The SLAUGHTER SYSTEM introducing LYDA'S HAIR BEAUTIFIER Guaranteed to Grow Hair In SIX TREATMENTS or Money Refunded. Price 50 cents per box. Agents Wanted. System Taught by Mail or at College. Mrs. E. Slaughter Gamble 3001 LAWTON AVENUE ST. LOUIS. MO RED ROSE FACE POWDER All Shades Talcum Powder, Face Lotion. Cold Cream and other toilet preparations made of the best materials. Write for samples. Agents wanted. FLORESSENCE MFG. CO. Box 7. 239 W. 63d St., New York City. $l0.00 A DAY STEADY WORK FEET Write at once for the greatest offer ever made by any tailoring concern on earth. Hundreds of our agents are making $10 a day in their spare time while doing other work. BIGGEST MONEY MAKER We will send you our magnificent outfit free—the greatest ever. Everything to start you FREE. 64 real cloth samples, 35 fashion plates and everything needed to make a howling success. Start in now. Success sure. Make big money right from the jump. OUR PRICES THE LOWEST Made to measure pants, $2.75 up. Suits $8.00 up. Express or postage paid. Our fine stylish, well-made, carefully finished clothes beat anything ever offered. Everything guaranteed. Money back unless satisfied. Write today for FREE (OUTFIT. ' The Progress Tailoring Co Dept. 502 Chicago BIG OUTFITFREE GANTT QUINO SCHOOL OF BEAUTY CULTURE Enroll in our Correspondence School. Anything in Beauty Culture. By Mail. Diplomas Issued. Terms Fine. Quino Hair Grower, 60c. Temple Oil, 75c. Try a Box. Write: QUINO. 636 Fogg Street. NASHVILLE. TENN. Mention THE CRISIS 310 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER PERSONAL CARDS telephone 5277 Morningside $6 0 A WEEKandthis free automobile EVERYAGENT CAN get AN Auto FREE NO CONTEST Tub Guaranteed For Ten Years You—yourself—can positively make $60 a week and get a Free Auto. I want men, hustling, energetic, ambitious fellows, amicus to make money, who are willing to work with me. Not for me, but with me. Are you that kind? I want you to ad vertise, sell, and appoint local agents for the biggest, mos t sensational seller in 60 years—the ROBINSON FOLDING BATH TUB. Demonstrating' Tub Furnished. Here's an absolutely new invention—nothing like it. Makes instant appeal. Sells easily. Gives every home a modern up-to-date bathroom in any part of the house. No plumbing, no water works needed. Folds i n small roll, handy as umbrella. Self- emptying, positively unleakable. Absolutely guaranteed for 10 years, Remember, fully 70% of homes have no bath rooms. Sensational Sales Successes Two sales a day mean s $300 a month. Breeze, of Idaho, made $400 profit in 80 days. Rev. Otto Schulze, Mo., got$1600 to date. Burkholder, Mont., orders $1072 in 17 days. Hamlinton, of Wyo., made $60 first two days. Hundreds like that, pleasant, permanent, fascinating work. Write a postcard. Let me write you a long letter. No experience needed, no capital. Your credit is good if you mean business. But you must be ambitious, you must want to make money. That's all. Write a postcard now. I want to pay you $60.00 every week. H. S. ROBINSON, PRES. THE ROBINSON CABINET MFG. CO. 4284 Factories Building TOLEDO, OHIO You Save $8.50 OUR AMAZING OFFER To secure new customers W e make clothes to individwe make this matchless ual measure, your choice of offer. W e will dress you fabric and fashion. Expert from head to foot tailors do the work in the finest made-WE DRESS in our own shops. Our system assures exactly right fit. If to-order suit, shirt and tie to match, YOU you are wideawake suspenders, shoes, From Head this is your chance to and hat, everything to Foot start your own busiguaranteed. ness. Act TO-DAY. Total Value $31.75-our Price $23.25-You Save$8.50 DR..GERTRUDE E. CURTIS Surgeon DENTIST 183 W . 135th Street New York City T.1.„ &gt;,„„... /Central 104-W Telephones: Main 61 HARRY E. DAVIS ATTORNEY-AT-LAW NOTARY PUBLIC 1607 Williamson Building Cleveland, Ohio Office L. D. Telephone 3297 Market Residence L. D. Telephone 5277-M Market GEORGE A. DOUGLAS COUNSELLOR-AT-LAW Rooms 613-614, Metropolitan Building 113 Market St., Cor. Washington, Newark, N. J. General Practice Notary Public WILLIAM R. MORRIS ATTORNEY AND COUNSELLOR-AT-LAW 1020 Metropolitan Life Building Minneapolis Minn. BROWN S. SMITH ATTORNEY-AT-LAW Offices: Suite 802 Sykes Block Near Third and Hennepin Minneapolis Minn. Tel. 5437 Fort Hill" Cable Address, Epben EDGAR P. BENJAMIN ATTORNEY AND COUNSELLOR-AT-LAW 34 School Street Boston, Mass Telephone Connection W. Ashbie Hawkins George W . F. McMechen HAWKINS &amp; McMECHEN ATTORNEY-AT-LAW 21 East Saratoga Street Baltimore, Md. Telephone Central 3087 HARRY M. COOPER Druggists' Specialties Chemicals, Drugs and Pharmaceuticals Write for Quotations Room 612, 58 W. Washington St. CHICAGO, ILL. FREE Business opportunity for the housewife. A line of needed new specialties will be sent to you free. Send postal or letter; no money. Fifty free specialties free every month. Get one. SCARBOROUGH SPECIALTY SHOP, TULLY. N. Y. AGENTS WANTED FOR M i FREE Our big outfit of cloth samples, fashionplates order blanks, tape measure and , Catalog1. It's a big book of bargains, W. T. McKissick &amp; Co's. everything men wear from head to foot. Write for it now THE CAPITOL TAILORS, Dept. 125, CHICAGO, ILL. FAMOUS 90 DAYS TREATMENTS No. 1, No. 2 and No. 3 For Scalp, Hair and Skin SEE THE SELECTED LIST ON P. O. Bo x 102, WILMINGTON, DEL THE INSIDE FRONT COVER Mention THE CRISIS A New Book by Dr. Du Bois THE NEGRO By W. E. BURGHARDT DU BOIS, author of "Souls of Black Folk," "Quest of the Silver Fleece," "Select Bibliography of the Negro American," etc. This is the authentic romance of the black man. It is a history of him at once scholarly, earnest and eloquent. He is considered from the earliest times, and the thread of his fascinating' story is followed in Africa, America, and wherever else it has appeared. To look at the Negro against the background of his history is to see him in a light fairer than that in which most Americans have seen him. 256 Pages—3 Maps—Cloth Bound At the low price of 50 cents net—By mail 56 cents Dr. Du Bois's new book is the latest addition to a remarkable series of low-priced new books with which everybody should become acquainted. THE HOME UNIVERSITY LIBRARY 94 volumes now ready Published by HENRY HOLT &amp; COMPANY, 34 West 33d Street, New York Is made up of new books by leading authorities. The editors are Professors GILBERT MURRAY, H. A. L. FISHER, W. T. BREWSTER and J. ARTHUR THOMSON. Cloth bound, good paper, clear type, 256 pages per C/"\ • volume. Each complete and sold separately --50c. net Postage extra "A growing wonder of enterprise and sound judgment. Each volume, entirely new, is furnished by an acknowledged expert; is brief enough and plain enough to be readable or even fascinating, scientific enough to be a condensed authority —and at the nominal price of 50 cents."—Hartford Courant. SOME SELECTED EARLIER VOLUMES: EVOLUTION By J. A. Thomson LATIN AMERICA By W. R. Shepherd THE FRENCH REVOLUTION VICTORIAN LITERATURE By Hilaire Belloc By G. K. Chesterton ROME By W. Warde Fowler GERMANY OF TODAY PROBLEMS OF PHILOSOPHY By Charles Tower By Bertrand Russell EURIPIDES AND HIS AGE NAPOLEON By H. A. L. Fisher By Gilbert Murray THE CIVIL WAR By F. L. Paxson UNEMPLOYMENT By A. C. Pigou Order through the publishers or through The CRISIS, 70 Fifth Avenue, New York Mention THE CRISIS SAMUEL COLERIDGE-TAYLOR : Musician HIS LIFE AND LETTERS By W. C.BerwickSayers SAMUEL COLERIDGE-TAYLOR, the first composer of classic music to come from the colored races, was born in London forty years ago. His genius asserted itself at the early age of six when, as one of his admirers describes it, he was found "holding a very small-sized violin in one hand, and playing at marbles with the other." The real discovery was, however, made by his guardian, friend, and benefactor, Colonel Herbert, of the Queen's Regiment. At thirteen, he was a brilliant solo violinist. Entering the Royal College of Music in 1890, three years later, he won an open scholarship for composition. His progress was marked by such landmarks as ''Hiawatha's Wedding Feast," known the world over, "Herod," "Ulysses," "Nero," "Faust," "Endymion's Dream," "A Tale of Old Japan," "Othello." The tribute we pay to the darker races of the world who have produced artists, thinkers, and composers is notorious by its absence. Proud of his race, it was indeed characteristic of the sturdy, honest nature of Coleridge-Taylor that he never sought to keep in the background his Negro origin, but, on the contrary, was thoroughly proud of it and of his own position. Of the fascination the tale of his life holds for a biographer, it is needless to speak. Mr. Berwick Sayers has brought to his loving task an enthusiasm which makes of his volume charming reading. Alfred Noyes, in the poem entitled "Samuel Coleridge-Taylor," writes: The spark that falls from heaven, not oft on earth, To human hearts its vital splendor gives; His was the simple, true, immortal birth! Scholars compose; but THIS MAN'S MUSIC LIVES. Price, $2.25. Postage Extra THE CRISIS :: :: :: 70 Fifth Avenue, NEW YORK CITY The Journal of Negro History Published Quarterly Edited by 100 Pages CARTER G. WOODSON THE JOURNAL OF NEGRO HISTORY is the official organ of the Association for the Study of Negro Life and History, which is now trying not to promote an isolated research into the history of the black race but to show how civilization has been influenced by contact with the people of color. This publication aims to popularize the movement to save and make available the scattered historical materials bearing on the Xegro. In it appear scholarly articles and valuable documents giving information generally unknown. It is concerned with facts not with opinions. Subscription price, $1.oo per year. Foreign subscriptions, 25 cents extra. Single numbers, 25 cents; 30 cents by mail. Checks should be made payable to THE JOURNAL OF NEGRO HISTORY and addressed to CARTER G. WOODSON, 2223 12th St., N. W., Washington, D. C. Mention THE CRISIS