The Crisis . THE CRISIS TEN CENTS SEPT 1918 Frank Walts President Executive Officers MOORFIELD STOREY MARY WHITE OVINGTON,man of Board.  Acting Chan Vice-Presidents OSWALD GARRISON VILLARD, Treasure ARCHIBALD H. GRIMKE DR. W. E. B. DU BOIS, Director of Publi- REV. JOHN HAYNES HOLMES cations and Research BISHOP JOHN HURST JAMES WELDON JOHNSON. Field Secre- JOHN E. MILHOLLAND MARY WHITE OVINGTON tary OSWALD GARRISON VILLARD WALTER F. WHITE. Assistant Secretary JOHN R. SHILLADY, Secretary NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE DIRECTORS Chicago Washington New York JANE ADDAMS PROF. GEO. WILLIAM COOK REV. HUTCHINS C. BISHOP DR. C. E. BENTLEY CHARLES EDWARD RUSSELL MRS. FLORENCE KELLEY Boston Brooklyn JOSEPH PRINCE LOUD PAUL KENNADAY DR. V. MORTON JONES BUTLER R. WILSON CAPT. ARTHUR B. SPINGARN Baltimore New Haven BISHOP JOHN HURST GEORGE W. CRAWFORD CHARLES H. STUDIN Buffalo Philadelphia DR. JOHN G. UNDERHILL MARY B. TALBERT DR. WILLIAM A. SINCLAIR LILLIAN D. WALD REV. G. R. WALLER HON. CHARLES NAGEL WILLIAM ENGLISH WALLING Springfield, Mass. St, Louis DON'T BE CONTENT JUST TO READ ABOUT THE WORK OF THE N. A. A. C. P. READING MAY MAKE YOU "FEEL GOOD" OVER SOME OF THE THINGS ACCOMPLISHED, BUT JOIN THE ARMY THAT IS "PUTTING THEM OVER" AND FEEL THAT YOU ARE HELPING TO MAKE AMERICA THE KIND OF COUNTRY YOU WANT IT TO BE, WITH FULL PARTICIPATION ON THE PART OF COLORED PEOPLE IN THE CIVIC, POLITICAL AND ECONOMIC LIFE OF THE NATION. Prepare for the fuller democracy for which the nation is fighting by participat ing in the work of the one organization which includes the black man in its every effort and seeks to include him in every American right and privilege. Don't shirk. Join Now. One dollar or more annually makes you a member. Date , 1918. The Crisis is sent without further charge to members paying two dollars or more. OSWALD GARRISON VILLARD, Treasurer, 70 Fifth Avenue, New York. SIR: I enclose $ in payment of membership dues for one year in the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, with the stipulation that one dollar of any amount remitted herewith in excess of one dollar is for one year's subscription to THE CRISIS. Name Street City and State THE CRISIS A RECORD OF THE DARKER RACES PUBLISHED MONTHLY AND COPYRIGHTED BY THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE, AT 70 FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK CITY. CON DUCTED BY W. E. BURGHARDT DU BOIS; AUGUSTUS GRANVILLE DILL, BUSINESS MANAGER Vol. 16—No. 5 SEPTEMBER, 1918 Whole No. 95 PICTURES Page COVER: Portrait of Gertrude Royal in "Chu Chin Chow" by Frank Walts THE DOUGLAS HOME 233 Y.M.C.A. SUMMER INSTITUTE 234 NEGRO EDITORIAL CONFERENCE 234 MEN OF THE MONTH 235 ARTICLES WHAT OF LIBERIA? By Plenyono Gbe Wolo 220 THE WORK OF A MOB. By Walter F. White 221 THE CASE OF DR. BUNDY 224 THESE THINGS SHALL BE. By John Haynes Holmes 226 GOD GAVE US SONG. A Poem. By Otto Leland Bohanan 226 PASSING OF THE EX-SLAVE. A Poem. By Georgia D. Johnson 226 COMPENSATION. A Poem. By E. Ralph Cheyney 226 DEPARTMENTS EDITORIAL 215 THE OUTER POCKET 218 THE LOOKING GLASS 227 MEN OF THE MONTH 235 THE HORIZON 237 THE OCTOBER CRISIS The October Crisis is Children's Number. Baby pictures must REACH us by September 8. No photographs can be returned. TEN CENTS A COPY; ONE DOLLAR A YEAR FOREIGN SUBSCRIPTIONS TWENTY-FIVE CENTS EXTRA RENEWALS: The date of expiration of each subscription is printed on the wrapper. When the subscription is due, a blue renewal blank is enclosed. CHANGE OF ADDRESS: The address of a subscriber can be changed as often as desired. In ordering a change of address, both the old and the new address must be given. Two weeks' notice is required. MANUSCRIPTS and DRAWINGS relating to colored people are desired. They will be received at the sender's risk, but if postage is enclosed effort will be made to return them safely, if unavailable. Entered as second class matter November 2, 1910, at the Post office at New York, New York, under the Act of March 3, 1879. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER National Training School DURHAM, NORTH CAROLINA A School for the Training of Colored Young Men and Women for Service THOUGH IT IS YOUNG IN HISTORY, THE INSTITUTION FEELS A JUST PRIDE IN THE WORK THUS FAR ACCOMPLISHED, FOR ITS GRADUATES ARE ALREADY RILLING MAN Y RESPONSIBLE POSITIONS, THUS DEMONSTRATING THE AIM OF THE SCHOOL TO TRAIN MEN AND WOMEN FOR USEFUL CITIZENSHIP. DEPARTMENTS ALREADY ESTABLISHED TH E GRAMMA R SCHOOL TH E TEACHER TRAINING DEPARTMENT THE ACADEMY THE DIVINITY SCHOOL TH E SCHOOL OF ARTS AND SCIENCES TH E COMMERCIAL DEPARTMENT THE DEPARTMENT OF MUSIC THE DEPARTMENT OF HOME ECONOMICS TH E DEPARTMENT OF SOCIAL SERVICE In Equipment and Teaching Force it is Not Surpassed by Any School for the Training of Colored Youth in the South. THE FALL TERM OPENS OCTOBER 1, 1918. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION AND CATALOG, ADDRESS President James E. Shepard, Durham, North Carolina THE AGRICULTURAL AND The Cheyney TrainTECHNICAL COLLEGE ing School for What College Shall I Attend this Session? Teachers CHEYNEY, PENNA. YO U SHOULD ATTEND THE A . &amp; T . COLLEGE. ITS TWENTY-FIFTH ANNUAL SESSION BE For reasonably mature students GINS OCTOBER 1, 1918. YO U WILL HAVE THE who have a good secondary- ADVANTAGES OF THREE STRONG DEPARTMENTS: AGRICULTURAL. MECHANICAL, AND ACADEMIC. school preparation, and who desire to become teachers, courses A NEW DEPARTMENT FOR TEACHER TRAIN are offered during the regular ING IN VOCATIONAL AGRICULTURE WILL ALSO term in academic work, domestic BE AVAILABLE. science, domestic art, physical UNSURPASSED OPPORTUNITIES FOR MILI training, elementary school meth TARY TRAINING AND ADVANCEMENT. FOR CATALOG AND FURTHER INFORMATION ods, wood and metal working, WRITE TODAY TO and agriculture. Board room and laundry privileges for the year, President. James B. Dudley, $125. Fall term begins Wednes GREENSBORO, N. C. day, September 18, 1918. Mention T HE CriSIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 213 Atlanta University Is beautifully located In the City of Atlanta, Ga. The courses of study include High School, Normal School and College, with manual training and domestic science. Among the teachers are graduate! of Yale, Harvard, Dartmouth and Wellesley. Forty-nine years of successful work have been completed. Students come from all parts of the South. Graduates are almost universally successful, For further Information address President EDWARD T. WARE ATLANTA, GA. Knoxvllle College Beautiful Situation. Healthful Location. The Best Moral and Spiritual Environment. A Splendid Intellectual Atmosphere. Noted for Honest and Thorough Work. Offers full courses in the following departments: College, Normal, High School, Grammar School and Industrial. Good water, steam heat, electric lights, good drainage. Expenses very reasonable. Fall Term Begins September 18, 1918. For information address President R. W. Mc GRANAHAN KNOXVLLLE, TENN. THE FLORIDA A. &amp; H. COLLEGE Tallahassee, Florida Offers long and short courses in Mechanic Arts, in Home Economics in Agriculture, in Education and in Science. For Catalog AddressNATHAN B. YOUNG, President P. O. DRAWER 524 1870 CLARK UNIVERSITY 1917 SOUTH ATLANTA GEORGIA Most beautiful campus of 70 acres, commodious buildings WITH modern conveniences. High Scholarship — Talented Faculty — Well equipped library and laboratories—Literary societies—Athletics—Co-educational—Expenses very low. $100 per year of eight months will pay tuition, board, room, etc. Comfortable dormitories WITH steam heat and gas light. COURSES OF STUDY Domestic Science for girls, cooking, sewing, dressmaking and embroidery. Pre-Academy—7th and 8th grades. Academy—Four years with diploma. Pre-Medical— Two years above academy. College—Four years leading to A. B. degree. Normal—Five years above grades with diploma. FIRST SEMESTER OPENS OCTOBER 2, 1918. EA1EY ANDREWS KING, President. ST. MARY'S SCHOOL An Episcopal boarding school for girls, under the direction of the Sisters of S t Mary. Address: THE SISTER-IN-CHARGE 609 N. 43d St. W. Philadelphia, Pa. MOREHOUSE COLLEGE (Formerly Atlanta Baptist College) ATLANTA, GA College, Academy, Divinity- School An institution famous within recent years for its emphasis on all sides of manly develop ment—the only institution in the far South devoted solely to the education of Negro young men. Graduates given high ranking by greatest northern universities. Debating, Y. M. C. A., athletics, all live features. For information address JOHN HOPE, President WILEY UNIVERSITY MARSHALL, TEXAS Recognized as a college of the First Class by Texas and Louisiana State Boards of Education. Harvard, Yale and Columbia represented on its faculty; students gathered from ten different states. Strongest Music Department in the West M W . DOGAN, President FISK UNIVERSITY NASHVILLE, TENN. Founded 1866 Thorough Literary, Scientific, Educational, Musical and Social Science Courses. Pioneer in Negro music. Special study in Negro life Ideal and sanitary buildings and grounds. Well-equipped Science building. Christian home life. High standard of independent manhood and womanhood. For literature, etc., write FAYETTE AVERY McKENZIE, President Morris Brown University Atlanta, Ga. CO-EDUCATIONAL The largest institution of learning in the Sooth owned and controlled by Negroes. Faculty of specialists, trained in some of the best universities in the North and in the South. Noted for high standard of scholarship; industrial emphasis and positive Christian influence. Well equipped dormitories; sane athletics under faculty supervision. Expenses reasonable. Location central and healthful. Departments: Theology, College, Preparatory, Normal, Commercial, Musical, Domestic Science, Nurse Training. Sewing, Printing and Tailoring. First Semester begins September, 1918. For further information address W. A. FOUNTAIN, President BISHOP J. S. FLIPPER, Chairman Trustee Board Mention The Crisis. 214 	THE CRISIS ADVERTISER LIVINGSTONE COLLEGE SALISBURY, N. C. A Religions Co-Educational School with a Tradition Opento All Negroes: Only Merit Counts STUDENTS COME FROM Twenty-nine STATES IN THE UNION, FROM CANADA, AFRICA, THE WEST INDIA ISLANDS and CENTRAL AMERICA.	 AND GRADUATES MAKE GOOD. SALISBURY, NORTH	 CAROLINA, AN IDEAL PLACE FOR STUDY WITH A MILD, EQUABLE CLIMATE, PURE WATER, BREEZES FROM PINE AND OTHER	 FORESTS A CONSTANT TONIC—THE GREATEST DEGREE OF HEALTH FULNESS. New Girls' Dormitory with all Modern Conveni ences Accommodating 210 just Completed and Ready Courses of Study: Grammar School, Academy, Normal, College, Divinity, Music and Industries for Boys and Girls. Expenses Moderate. Thirty-sixth Session	 opens October 2, 1918. For Further Information Address D. C. SUGGS, PRESIDENT OR J. E.	 Aggrey, Registrar. Wilberforce University Wilberforce, Ohio (.Established 1856) THE SCHOOL WITH THE RECOGNIZED MILITARY DEPARTMENT. A STRONG AND THOROUGH COURSE IN MILITARY SCIENCE AND TACTICS GIVEN ALL MALE STUDENTS, BY REGULAR U. S. OFFICER. GRADUATES IN GREAT DEMAND BY U. S. GOVERNMENT FOR SELECTED SERVICE. GIVEN QUOTA OF 20 MEN FOR FOURTH OFFICERS' TRAINING CAMP, FT. DODGE, LA. COURSES OF STUDY—COLLEGE (SCIENTIFIC, CLASSICAL AND EDUCATIONAL) ; NORMAL (ELEMENTARY AND INDUSTRIAL TEACHERS) AND VOCATIONAL; THEOLOGICAL (REGULAR AND ENGLISH); ACADEMY —FOUR YEARS WITH DIPLOMA. $40,000.00 GYMNASIUM JUST COMPLETED. SCHOOL OPENS SEPTEMBER 17th. FOR INFORMATION ADDRESS W.	 S. SCARBOROUGH, PRESIDENT. TOUGALOO COLLEGE MISSISSIPPI " THE BEST SCHOOL FOR NEGROES IN THE STATE."—BISHOP THEODORE D. BRATTON. COLLEGE REGULAR FOUR YEAR A. B. COURSE TWO	 YEAR TEACHER TRAINING COURSE ACADEMY CHOICE OF SEVEN COURSES — COLLEGE PREPARATORY, AGRICULTURAL, MECHANICAL, HOME ECONOMICS, COMMERCIAL, PEDAGOGICAL, MUSICAL. OUT IN THE COUNTRY. EXPENSES LOW. Four Prize Scholarships of $25.00 Each Offered Boys for Best Entrance Examinations to Eighth and Ninth Grade. FOR	 PARTICULARS Write President W. T. HOLMES TOUGALOO, HINDS COUNTY, MISSISSIPPI The Slater	 Industrial and State Normal School FOR COLORED YOUTH OF BOTH SEXES WINSTON-SALEM,	 N, C. I.	 Offering: Standard Courses In Academic Subjects, In Industrial and Vocational Subjects, In Education. II.	 Graduates receive the Teacher'S Cer tificate. HI.	 Located amid the foothills of the mountain section of Western North Carolina and the health conditions are ideal. IV.	 Accommodations excellent and expenses moderate. For	 further information communicate with S.	 G. ATKINS, PRINCIPAL SLATER	 STATE NORMAL SCHOOL. Winston-Salem, N. C. COLEMAN COLLEGE GIBSLAND, LA. Supported by Baptist State Woman's Home Mission Society of Chicago and Boston and A. B. H. Society of New York. Students from six different states. Graduates exempted on first grade by Louisiana, Arkansas and Oklahoma. O. L. COLEMAN, President The Colored Teachers' Bureau Will Help You Get A Better Paying Position. REGISTER NOW	 REASONABLE TERMS Address: Colored Teachers' Bureau Box	 22, Wilberforce, O. Educational Institutions Continued on page 243 Mention The Crisis. THE CRISIS Vol. 16-No. 5 SEPTEMBER, 1918 Whole No. 95 Editorial THE GREATER CRISIS. BEGINNING with Volume 17 of THE CRISIS (November, 1918), this magazine will be enlarged to- sixty-four pages, with a four-page cover in colors. It will contain each month two leading articles of timely interest and permanent value written by experts; a story and ten pages of illustrations. The departments will remain as usual, except that a special children's section will be added; The Horizon will be illustrated and enlarged, and some historic figure of Negro blood will be noted each month. A literary editor will be added to the present staff, insuring a prompt reading of manuscripts and a larger editorial correspondence. All accepted articles will be paid for on publication. Effort will be made gradually to inaugurate services of various sorts for our subscribers, as, for instance, information of every character, employment and certain lines of mail order purchases. The price of the enlarged magazine will be fifteen cents a copy and $1.50 a year, but new subscribers and renewals for any number of years will be received at the present rate of one dollar a year up to November 1. COOPERATION. A CONFERENCE of those in terested in establishing co operative enterprises among colored people throughout the country is hereby called to meet at the office of THE CRISIS, Monday and Tuesday, August 26 and 27, 1918. The first session will be at 2 P.M., Monday. Experts will be in attendance and this conference is preliminary to a national conference in 1919. Please inform us of your intention to attend. A MOMENTOUS PROPOSAL. A PLAN of far-reaching constructive effort to satisfy the pressing grievances of colored Americans has been un der serious consideration by the military authorities at Washington for two months. On June 15, Dr. DuBois was called in and asked if he would accept a captaincy in a bureau of the General Staff, if one was established, for the above purposes. Dr. DuBois replied that he would, provided he could retain general oversight of THE CRISIS, and provided that his captain's salary (which was $1,000 less than his present salary) could be supplemented from THE CRISIS income, so that he would suffer no financial loss. The military authorities saw no objection to these conditions. Dr. DuBois then consulted the President of the Board of Directors of the N. A. A. C. P., the chairman and the acting chairman of the Board and several members, including Dr. H. C. Bishop, Bishop Hurst, Dr. Bentley, Mr. A. H. Grimke, Colonel Charles Young, Rev. G. R. Waller, Hon. Charles Nagel and Dr. V. Morton-Jones. All of them, except Mr. Grimke, agreed with the conditions and urged acceptance. Mr. Grimke expressed deep sympathy, but asked more time for consideration. No decision, however, as to establishing the Bureau was arrived at and when the regular July meeting of the Board took place, the priority of the 215 216 THE CRISIS Government's claim on Dr. DuBois was recognized, but doubt was expressed as to the advisability of his continuing in charge of T HE CRISIS. A puzzling dilemma between devotion to his life work and duty to his country in time of war was thus forced upon Dr. DuBois. His final conclusion, painful as it had to be, was to accept the commission. When thousands are giving their lives to their country, how could he long hesitate in risking far less? This delicate situation was further complicated by vague rumors which led friends of the Association with more zeal than thought to charge the Government with attempted "bribery" and Dr. DuBois with being a "traitor." Some who disagreed with the July editorials of T HE C RISIS saw in them further evidences of a "corrupt bargain," not knowing that those editorials were written two weeks before Dr. DuBois had the slightest intimation that his services were to be asked, and were in print before he reached Washington. Finally, the General Staff, after carefully considering the matter from all angles, has decided not to establish the proposed bureau "at present" as its broad scope might lead "beyond the proper limits of military activity." Here the matter rests. It is deplorable that this splendid and statesmanlike plan has been abandoned and equally unfortunate that any question as to its desirability should have ever arisen among black folk. The personal side of it is of less consequence and has left Dr. DuBois in unruffled serenity. No one who essays to teach the multitude can long escape crucifixion. OUR SPECIAL GRIEVANCES. THE leading editorial in the July CRISIS , called "Close Ranks," has been the subject of much comment. To a few it has seemed to indicate some change of position on the part of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People and T HE CRISIS. It is needless to say that it indicates nothing of the sort. This Association and this magazine stand today exactly where they have stood during the eight years of their work; viz., for the full manhood rights of the American Negro. The July editorial is not in the slightest degree inconsistent with these principles. It was submitted to prominent members and officers of the board before printing and found no objection. The editorial seeks to say that the first duty of an American is to win the war and that to this all else is subsidiary. It declares that whatever personal and group grievances interfere with this mighty duty must wait. It does not say that these grievances are not grievances, or that the temporary setting aside of wrongs makes them right. But it does say. and T HE C RISI S repeats the word, that any man or race that seeks to turn his country's tragic predicament to his own personal gain is fatally cheating himself. What T HE C RISI S said is precisely what in practice the Negroes of America have already done during the war and have been advised to do by every responsible editor and leader. The editorial was in exact accord and almost in the very words of a resolution written by the same hand and passed unanimously by the thirty-one editors of all the leading Negro publications in America. Did Negroes refuse to serve in the draft until they got the right to vote? No. they stormed the gates of the army for the right to fight. Did they refuse commissions because their army school was segregated? No, they were eager to enter and diligent to learn. Have we black men for one moment hesitated to do our full duty in this war because we thought the EDITORIAL 217 country was not doing its full duty to us ? Is there a single Negro leader who advised by word, written or spoken, rebellion and disloyalty? Certainly not. Then somebody "forgot his special grievance" and fought for his country, and to him and for him THE CRISIS speaks. THE CRISIS says, first your Country, then your Rights! THE REWARD. CERTAIN honest thinkers among us hesitate at that last sentence. They say it is all well to be idealistic, but is it not true that while we have fought our country's battles for one hundred fifty years, we have not gained our rights? There is just enough fact in this half truth to make it a whole and a very mischievous lie. No, we have not gained all our rights, but we have gained rights and gained them rapidly and effectively by our loyalty in time of trial. Five thousand Negroes fought in the Revolution; the result was the emancipation of slaves in the North and the abolition of the African slave trade. At least three thousand Negro soldiers and sailors fought in the War of 1812; the result was the enfranchisement of the Negro in many Northern States and the beginning of a strong movement for general emancipation. Two hundred thousand Negroes enlisted in the Civil War, and the result was the emancipation of four million slaves, and the enfranchisement of the black man. Some ten thousand Negroes fought in the Spanish-American War, and in the twenty years ensuing since that war, despite many set backs, we have doubled our landholding acreage and quadrupled our accumulated wealth. We have established a strong leadership of education and character, we have expanded our business interests and we have established the N. A. A. C. P., with forty thousand members. God knows we have enough left to fight for, but any people who by loyalty and patriotism have gained what we have in four wars ought surely to have sense enough to give that same loyalty and patriotism a chance to win in the fifth. And we are winning right now. Since this war began we have won: Recognition of our citizenship in the draft; One thousand Negro officers; Special representation in the War and Labor Departments; Higher wages and better employment ; Abolition of the color line in rail way wage; Recognition as Red Cross nurses; Overthrow of segregation ordi nances ; A strong word from the President against lynching. Blessed saints! Is this nothing ? Should it not discourage slackers and fools? Come, fellow black man, fight for your rights, but for God's sake have sense enough to know when you are getting what you fight for. OUR TASK. WE must raise in the next twelve months between twenty and twenty-four billio n dollars. About one-quarter or one-third will be collected by various methods of compulsory taxation. About two-thirds must, therefore, be raised by voluntary savings. Each one of us must try to save. It is estimated that if each one of us saves only ten cents of every dollar we earn, one-half the necessary amount will be raised. Some can save more. If we do not earn enough to save anything, we must try and earn more money. We must each and all earn more or spend less, and so, by each one doing his small bit, we shall save this stupendous sum. The Outer Pocket I THINK you can render very important service to the Association by accepting the position which is offered you, and that you should be able to rely on as large an income as you now have. In my office and others, young men have gone to the war and received from their employers enough money to assure them no loss of income by going into the service of the Government, and I think you are entitled to the same treatment from the Association. MOORFIELD STOREY, Boston, Mass. * * * I think the race would be extremely favored in having you connected with the Military Intelligence Bureau during the war. I trust that the plan will be carried through. JOHN HURST, Baltimore, Md. * * * This is not only a splendid opportunity and great gain for the Association, but a most significant vindication of your unfaltering position in matters vitally affecting the race. I trust the matter will go through. HUTCHINS C. BISHOP, New York City. * * * You must know that it is the personal esteem we have for you, the confidence we have in your integrity, the belief we have in your sincerity of purpose, our knowledge of your possession of high ideals, all these qualities reflected through the pages of THE CRISIS allied with a literary merit of its own which has given that magazine a place in our affections and has made it the most popular and influential magazine published today. I trust you have no thought of throwing it away. The words in your July editorial which seemingly have given offense to Mr. Trotter appear to me eminently wise. If he were at that gathering of editors in Washington, and understood the import of that meeting, he could hardly doubt the prudence of their utterance. D.	 R. LEWIS, Pittsburgh, Pa. * * * I want to commend you for the splendid editorials in the July and August numbers of THE CRISIS, and for the stand you take regarding the attitude of our people while our country is at war. No one feels more keenly than I the bitter humiliations to which we are subjected. I believe that we are entitled to, and should receive every right and privilege common to all other American citizens; but, while our country is at war with an intolerant and brutal foe, we must not waver in our loyalty by quibbling for redress, but rather welcome and seize the opportunity to again show our loyalty and patriotism, and that we are worthy of these rights. GEORGE W. FORD, Camp Butler, Springfield, Ill. * * * "Whereas, there appeared in the July number of THE CRISIS an editorial in which the Editor used the expression: "Let us, while this war lasts, forget our special grievances," etc., "Be It Resolved, That we, the members of the District of Columbia Branch of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, hereby express our opinion that such an appeal as this is not timely and is inconsistent with the work and spirit of the Association. "Resolved, Second, That we solemnly and unreservedly declare our fidelity and allegiance to our own country and flag, and cheerfully and willingly offer the best there is of us in life and fortune to help win victory for the cause of freedom against the tyrrany which the allied armies are fighting, and that we appeal to the colored people to support the President and the United States in every war measure adopted; but at the same time, we see no reason for stultifying our consciences by pretending or professing to be ignorant of, or indifferent to the acts of indignity and injustice continually heaped upon us, or by admitting that they are to be excused or forgotten until they are discontinued." Resolutions of Washington Branch, N.A.A.C.P. * * * I hope your poise will not be disturbed by the noise made over the "Close Ranks" editorial in THE CRISIS. I have read the stories written about it only to regret to see we still have among us men who, unprin 218 THE OUTER POCKET cipled and faithless themselves, are the first to charge honest men with that fault. They are the ones who live more by cunning methods than by merit won in service, that see, rather, pretend to see, turpitude in the actions of the upright. When thrift fails to follow fawning, and the just, honest man of integrity is preferred to them, it is their habit to charge the preference to fawning by which they hoped to accomplish their selfish, craven purpose. V.	 P. THOMAS, New Orleans, La. * * * I am utterly astounded and confounded by the leading editorial of the July CRISIS. In no issue since our entrance into the war am I able to find so supine a surrender— temporary though it be—of the rights of man In God's name, what a reversal, so abject on the part of THE CRISIS, which advises Negroes to forget their grievances because there chances to exist a war, so manly on the part of the Secretary of Wa r who advises the same Negroes to bring forward their grievances and have them righted. I could never have believed it of THE CRISIS and I can but hope this advice will have no more weight with Negroes than the President's note of December, 1916 — the-Germany-must-not-be-defeated-peacewithout-victory-note— had with the Allies and the individuals who hoped never to see the end of this war until the forces which throttle freedom are forever dethroned. WILLIAM	 H. WILSON, Washington, D. C. * * * I	 have, in common with the millions of Negroes in America, become such a positive debtor of yours in your great fight for better things	 for Negroes, and so much of the ter rible curtain of prejudice and hate has been torn from the aspiring vision of my chil dren by your mighty blows for a fairer chance, that I am disconsolate at tidings of any change in your work that will take you from the forum of sentiment-making for us. It certainly will not be news to you to be assured that in dear old mob-stricken Georgia, each Negro who is worth while joins me in the expression of this sentiment. HENRY LINCOLN JOHNSON, Atlanta, Ga. In this crisis in our National Association when you are called upon to make an important decision, I wish to assure you that whichever way you decide I have implicit confidence in your loyalty to the race and to the great cause to which you have so far given your life. IDA GIBBS HUNT, Washington, D. C. * * * It is rumored that there may result as a consequence of your acceptance of a commission in the U. S. Army, a severance of your relations with THE CRISIS. I hope nothing of the kind can take place. Certainly, I trust you will not on your own part consent to any such severance. THE CRISIS is largely, almost solely, what you have made it. Without your personality, it would not be THE CRISIS. I have just read your editorials in the August number, and the situation could not be presented in a more sober, manly light. They are the words of a sound philosophy, a rational patriotism, and sound sympathy with the forlorn conditions under which the darker races labor, as well as a formulation of their determined aspirations. T. G. STEWARD, Wilberforce, Ohio. * * * In extending my hearty congratulations, let me say that I notice some controversy going on in the papers concerning the wisdom of your accepting the appointment. I notice also the suggestion that you have gone back on your former position and become lukewarm, for the sake of the position to which you have recently been appointed. Let	 me say, Dr. Du Bois, that a large number of your friends do not take that view of the situation. We think that your editorial in THE CRISIS concerning the duty we now owe in relation to winning the war was just the kind of an editorial you should have written I read the editorial over and over to which some of the radicals are making complaint, but as over against some of these complaints I have heard some of the ablest men of the race congratulate you upon the position you take. I.	 GARLAND PENN, Cincinnati, Ohio, WHA T OF LIBERIA? By PLENYONO GBE WOLO. TH E writer labors under the painful dis appointment that the colored people of the United States do not appreciate the political and racial significance of the entrance of the Republic of Liberia into the present world conflict. That a lonely government of blacks which has maintained a recognized national autonomy on the huge continent of Africa (in the very jaws of fickle and at times very dangerous diplomacies) should have thrown in its moral forces with the Allies is a plunge into the labyrinth of international policies, born only of courage peculiar to a people of commendable aspirations. It is, indeed, a sorrowful thought that such a feat should be little regarded by colored Americans. But the political and racial aspects are not the only considerations. The economics of the case must not be ignored. It is an old story that the soil of Liberia is rich; that the banana, cocoa, cocoanut, coffee, lime (lemon), oil-palm, orange, pineapple, rice, rubber, sugar-cane, sweet potato, and many other delicious tropical fruits and vegetables, both known and unknown to most of the readers, are indigenous to and grow in Liberia; that our poultry and cattle raising and fisheries are unorganized; that these necessary marketable products are not secured through modern scientific methods (a fact which attests the possibilities involved) ; that manufacturing and industrial operations, as understood in most countries, are practically unknown. The following facts ought also to be known to the average colored American: that our trade is chiefly with European nations, and that before the war about seventy per cent, of this trade was with Germany; that certain very valuable commercial African products (the palm oil, kernel, etc.), before the war unknown in American markets, are being introduced; that the rubber and the cocoanut have acquired additional value because of increased demand—the rubber for former usefulness plus war exigencies, and the cocoanut because of its oil, which is very fast becoming indispensable for food purposes, and the charcoal from the shell of which has been recently discovered the only successful neutralizer of the effect of the Teutonic gas; that chartered steamers are now plying directly between the United States and West African ports, and are bringing in the raw products of Africa. And it ought to be observed that these commodities, once introduced, and the appetite for them developed, are not likely to be eliminated from the market; and that the chemical and other processes (known chiefly heretofore by the European commercial institutions) by which these raw materials are prepared for ultimate consumption, are, simultaneously with the materials, transplanted into the United States. Now, since these necessary products are to come direct from Africa to America, somebody will have to take advantage of the importation. Would it not be a proper thing if black Americans made the African trade an integral part of the American commerce? And bear in mind that all the commodities named, and many more, are grown in Liberia, and that the preference for American goods is becoming national. What might not a well-organized group of Afro-Americans do? A group (say 20, 50, 100 and more) of men and women—tireless, thoroughgoing—including those of managerial capacity and of ideas, agriculturalists, doctors, engineers, scientists, those trained in business principles, lawyers, and men and women schooled in the various handicrafts, gathered together in some place, agreeing and disagreeing, but, finally, harmonizing upon a prospectus for a serious consideration of the Liberian situation— such a group, with little patience, ought to make a success in some of the many indispensable commodities mentioned. Nor is it ill-advised to add that once on the spot, the eye of the experienced individual will see other evident potentialities; for it should be obvious that there has been no mention of minerals or valuable woods, which would interest some other readers. And the time is now, if ever, for the colored Americans to make vital connections with the same uncontaminated Africans—a contact which would be a real education for both parties. This added reason still the more emphasizes the fact that for the colored American, Liberia is one great opportunity. 220 THE WORK OF A MOB An investigation by Walter F. White, Assistant Secretary, National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, in Brooks and Lowndes Counties, Georgia. THE recent strong letter of President Wilson on lynching was undoubtedly called forth by representations from colored people following the lynchings in Brooks and Lowndes Counties, Ga., May 17-24. Hampton Smith, a white farmer, was killed, and newspaper dispatches report six persons as having been lynched for complicity. Investigation shows that at least eleven persons were killed. Brooks and Lowndes Counties are situated in the southernmost part of the state of Georgia, near the Florida line. They are in the heart of the richest section of the state. Hampton Smith, whose murder was the immediate cause of the holocaust of lynchings, was the owner of a large plantation in Brooks County. He bore a very poor reputation in the community because of ill treatment of his Negro employees. Smith's reputation in this respect had become so wide-spread that he had the greatest difficulty in securing any help whatever. He, therefore, adopted the expedient of going into the courts and whenever a Negro was convicted and was unable to pay his fine or was sentenced to serve a period in the chain-gang, Smith would secure his release and put him to work out his fine on his (Smith's) plantation. Sidney Johnson, the Negro who admitted before his death that he killed Smith, had been fined thirty dollars for gaming. Smith paid his fine and Johnson was put at work on the former's plantation until the thirty dollars had been worked out. Johnson had worked out the period and had put in considerable more time and had asked Smith to pay him for the additional time that he had served. Smith refused and a quarrel resulted. A few days later Johnson did not show up for work in the fields and Smith went to Johnson's cabin to discover the reason. Johnson told Smith that he was sick and unable to work. Smith thereupon began to beat him, in spite of the protestations of the victim. Johnson is said then to have threatened Smith and a few nights later, while sitting in his home, Smith was shot twice through the window near which he was sitting, dying instantly. His wife was also shot, the bullet passing through the center of her breast, miraculously missing both her heart and lungs. Her wound is not believed to be serious. The attending physician, Dr. McMichael, is said to have stated that she would recover. There seems to be no evidence that Mrs. Smith was raped in addition to being shot. As soon as news of the murder reached the community, great crowds of men and boys from the two counties hurried to the spot. Excitement ran high and posses were immediately formed to search for Johnson, as suspicion was immediately fastened on him because of the threats he had made against Smith's life. There was also talk of a conspiracy among a number of Negroes to kill Smith, and reports were circulated that the group involved had met at the home of Hayes Turner, another Negro who had suffered at the hands of Smith, and his wife, Mary Turner, whom Smith had beaten on several occasions. Hayes Turner, it is said, had previously served a term in the chain-gang for threatening Smith, following Smith's beating of Turner's wife. Nevertheless, after his release, Turner had gone back to work for Smith again. The first of the mob's victims to be captured was Will Head, a Negro of the community, who was caught on Friday morning, May 17, at 8:30, near Barney, Georgia; the second was Will Thompson, seized later on the same day. That night both were lynched near Troupeville, about five miles from Valdosta. Members of the mob stated to the investigator that over seven hundred bullets were fired into the bodies of the two men. The investigator learned from a man who admitted being in the mob, but who stated that he had no part in the lynching, the names of the two leaders of the Friday night mob and of fifteen of the other members of the mob. These names were given to the investigator on his promise that he would not divulge the name of the informant, as to do so would mean that he would undoubtedly be subjected to bodily violence and perhaps death, for having given the 221 THE CRISIS information. These names were furnished to Governor Hugh M. Dorsey, of Georgia, on July 10, by the investigator in person. In addition to those named to the Gov ernor there were many more from Quitman and a large number from Valdosta and the surrounding country whose names were not learned. On Saturday morning Hayes Turner was captured and lynched near the fork of the Morven and Barney roads. On being captured he was placed in the Quitman jail and for some reason unknown to the investigator was taken later in the day by Sheriff Wade and Roland Knight, the clerk of the county court, ostensibly to be carried to Moultrie for safekeeping. Turner was taken from these men en route to Moultrie, at the fork of the roads about three and a half miles from town. He was lynched with his hands fastened behind him with handcuffs and was allowed to hang there until Monday when he was cut down by county convicts and buried about half a hundred feet from the foot of the tree on which he was lynched. During Sunday following the lynching, hundreds of automobiles, buggies and wagons bore sightseers to the spot while many more tramped there on foot. Another Negro was lynched on Saturday afternoon near Morven at a spot known as the Old Camp Ground. This person may have been Eugene Rice whose name appeared in the Georgia press among the identified and acknowledged victims, but who was never even remotely connected with Hampton Smith's killing. About a week after the tragedy, or tragedies, started, the bodies of three unidentified Negroes were taken from the Little River, below Barney. It is not known whether these bodies were those of some already accounted for or whether these were additional victims of the mob. At the last accounts the bodies themselves had disappeared and could not be located. The murder of the Negro men was deplorable enough in itself, but the method by which Mrs. Mary Turner was put to death was so revolting and the details are so horrible that it is with reluctance that the account is given. It might be mentioned that each detail given is not the statement of a single person but each phase is related only after careful investigation and corroboration. Mrs. Turner made the remark that the killing of her husband on Saturday was unjust and that if she knew the names of the persons who were in the mob that lynched her husband, she would have warrants sworn out against them and have them punished in the courts. This news determined the mob to "teach her a lesson" and although she attempted to flee when she heard that they were after her, she was captured at noon on Sunday. The grief-stricken and terrified woman was taken to a lonely and secluded spot, down a narrow road over which the trees touch at their tops, which, with the thick undergrowth on either side of the road, made a gloomy and appropriate spot for the lynching. Near Folsom's Bridge over the Little River a tree was selected for her execution—a small oak tree extending over the road. At the time she was lynched, Mary Turner was in her eighth month of pregnancy. The delicate state of her health, one month or less previous to delivery, may be imagined, but this fact had no effect on the tender feelings of the mob. Her ankles were tied together and she was hung to the tree, head downward. Gasoline and oil from the automobiles were thrown on her clothing and while she writhed in agony and the mob howled in glee, a match was applied and her clothes burned from her person. When this had been done and while she was yet alive, a knife, evidently one such as is used in splitting hogs, was taken and the woman's abdomen was cut open, the unborn babe falling from her womb to the ground. The infant, prematurely born, gave two feeble cries and then its head was crushed by a member of the mob with his heel. Hundreds of bullets were then fired into the body of the woman, now mercifully dead, and the work was over. Chime Riley, another Negro who was supposed to have left the community, was found by the investigator to have been lynched instead. By the time that he was killed, the mob evidently had begun to become fearful of too many outrages and determined to conceal his body. Although no one seems to have even remotely connected him with the murder of Smith, he was lynched, his hands and feet tied together and turpentine cups, made of clay and used to catch the gum from the pine trees when "chipped," thus becoming very heavy, were THE WORK tied to his body and he was thrown into the Little River near Barney. The informant in this case, seen on the spot where Mary Turner was lynched, stated that when the river was low he had gone down to see if the body had come up. Finding no trace of the body, he assumed that it had become lodged in a sand bar. He stated that he found one of the cups, however, which he was keeping as a "souvenir." During the outbreak, another Negro by the name of Simon Schuman, who lived on the Moultrie Road near Berlin, was called to the door of his home one night between eight and nine o'clock. He was seized and had not been seen since up to the time (seven weeks later) that the investigator was in the section. The interior of his house was demolished, his family being driven out, and the furniture was hacked to pieces. His family, at the time of the investigator's visit, was living on the Bryce Plantation, near Berlin. The offense alleged against Schuman is unknown. Contrary to press reports, Sidney Johnson was not hiding in the swamps near Valdosta, but was in Valdosta from the time of the murder of Smith to the time that he was killed. During this time, he is said to have made the statement to several persons that he alone, was implicated in the killing of Smith and that he alone killed him. There was no suspicion of Johnson's presence in Valdosta until Johnson went to another Negro, John Henry Bryant by name, and asked for food and aid in making good his escape. Apparently it was Johnson's intention to wait until the vigilance of the mobs was relaxed and the roads no longer watched and then flee from the country. Bryant gave Johnson the food and then hastened to town to tell where Johnson was. The house was immediately surrrounded by a posse headed by Chief of Police Dampier. This was done with caution as Johnson was known to be armed and had sworn that he would never be taken alive. Johnson had only a shot-gun and a revolver, while the posse was armed with high-powered rifles. The firing began and the Chief was wounded in the hand and one of his men in the neck. After the firing had gone on for a few minutes, Johnson's firing ceased. A few more bullets were fired into the house for good measure as it was thought that the cessation of firing might be a ruse on Johnson's OF A MOB 223 part. When it did not resume, still acting cautiously, the house was rushed and Johnson's body was found, dead. Cheated out of its prey, the crowd took the body, unsexed it with a sharp knife, threw the amputated parts into the street in front of the house, and then tied an end of a rope around Johnson's neck. The other end was tied to the back of an automobile and the body dragged in open daylight down Patterson Street, one of Valdosta's business thoroughfares, and out to a place near Barney and near the scene of the crime. There the dead body was fastened to a tree and burned to a crisp. Very careful attention was given by the investigator to the accounts given at the outbreak of the affair that it was caused by the circulation of pro-German propaganda in the section prior to the outbreak in the hope of stirring up racial disturbances. Absolutely no evidence was found. Since the lynchings, more than five hundred Negroes have left the immediate vicinity of Valdosta alone and many more have expressed the determination that they too were going to leave as soon as they could dispose of their lands and gather their crops. This wholesale migration occurred in spite of threats made that any Negro who attempted to leave the section would thus show that he was implicated in the murder of Smith and would be dealt with accordingly. Hundreds of acres of unfilled land flourishing with weeds and dozens of deserted farm-houses give their own mute testimony of the Negroes' attitude toward a community in which lynching mobs are allowed to visit vengeance upon members of their race. All of the facts outlined above, including the names of mob leaders and participants, were given in a memorandum presented by the investigator on July 10 to Governor Hugh M. Dorsey. Governor Dorsey received the information gladly and has promised to take action on the evidence submitted. In a message addressed to the Georgia legislature on July 3, 1918, Governor Dorsey denounced mob violence in strong terms, saying: "Mob violence should be suppressed, and by State authorities. "If this is not done, ic is very probable that Federal intervention will not be long delayed." The Case of Dr. Bundy THE National Association for the Ad vancement of Colored People is no longer connected in any way with the further defense of Dr. Leroy N. Bundy, of East St. Louis, with whose defense against the charge of complicity in the East St. Louis riots of July, 1917, the Association has heretofore been associated. The St. Louis, Mo., Branch of the N. A. A. C. P., under whose immediate supervision the National Headquarters had placed all matters connected with the defense of Dr. Bundy, informed the National Officers of the N. A. A. C. P. some weeks ago that it wished to withdraw from further responsibility for the defense of Dr. Bundy, owing to departures by Dr. Bundy from the conditions established by the N. A. A. C. P. for the proper management of the Bundy defense and for the collection, disbursement and accounting of funds. The National Board of Directors and the executive officers of the N. A. A. C. P. deferred action regarding the matter, notwithstanding the recommendations of its St. Louis Branch, pending a full consideration of all the circumstances of the case, including the opportunity given Dr. Bundy to be heard in person concerning his relations with the Association's representatives in St. Louis. Following a request of Dr. Bundy that he be given a hearing by the National Board of Directors, a committee was appointed by the Board to hear and pass upon his version of his relations with the St. Louis Branch. This committee appointed a special time, agreeable to Dr. Bundy, and met with him on July 11 in New York at the office of Charles H. Studin, Chairman of the Legal Committee. At the outset of the hearing, upon the alleged ground that he was not represented by his own attorney and did not have his own stenographer present, Dr. Bundy refused to make a detailed statement in explanation of his relations with the St. Louis Branch. His demeanor throughout the hearing impressed the committee as lacking in frankness and was characterized by an apparently strong desire to avoid disclosing the real facts in the situation to the committee. Based upon the meagre statement he was willing to make, and upon the well authenticated facts in the case, the committee came to the following conclusions: 1. That the N. A. A. C. P. had employed competent and well-known attorneys to defend Dr. Bundy and that these attorneys were and are ready to defend him whenever his case comes to trial. The attorneys in question were employed under the personal supervision of the Hon. Charles Nagel of St. Louis, former Secretary of Commerce under President Taft, and a member of the Board of Directors of the N. A. A. C. P. 2. These lawyers were employed with the approval and consent of Dr. Bundy and are among the most prominent attorneys of the bar where the trial is to take place. The N. A. A. C. P. has already paid them the sum of $1,500 as fees to represent Dr. Bundy. 3. That all the professional assistance required for Dr. Bundy's trial has been provided by the N. A. A. C. P. Further, the National Headquarters has at all times stood ready to raise all the funds necessary for Dr. Bundy's further defense needs. 4. That since Dr. Bundy has been released on bail, he has been going over the country collecting funds for the alleged purpose of engaging additional lawyers whose services are in our judgment entirely unnecessary for the proper conduct of his case. 5. That, although the N. A. A. C. P. had provided him with the services of two excellent law firms, Dr. Bundy now claims that he wants in addition three more firms to assist in the trial of his case; to one of these he states that a retainer fee of approximately $3,000 is to be paid, to another $1,000 has already been paid, and to the third another fee has been promised. In the judgment of the committee, assuming that Dr. Bundy's statement is true that he. or others on his behalf, are paying 224 N.A.A.C.P. 225 money for these lawyers, this multiplicity of lawyers can only mean a waste of funds and a duplication of work for which other retained attorneys have already been paid and which they are prepared to perform. 6. That Dr. Bundy has used at least part of the funds collected by him for the support and maintenance of himself and his wife, and he refuses to support himself in any other way pending his trial than upon the proceeds of funds raised for his defense. 7. That Dr. Bundy has declined to account for funds which have been contributed to him for his defense. In view of this attitude on the part of Dr. Bundy, there is no method by which that part of the public which gives him its money will ever be able to compel him to render an account of what he does with it. For the aforesaid reasons, the committee recommends that no further contributions on behalf of Dr. Bundy's defense be solicited or received by the N. A. A- C. P. or any of its branches. The committee believes that a great imposition may be practised upon the public if Dr. Bundy is permitted to solicit and receive money in the promiscuous manner that he has been following. The National Association for the Advancement of Colored People has made it a principle never to receive money for any purpose which was not entered in its regularly audited books and which it would not account for upon request. It cannot countenance any departure from such procedure and is of the opinion that any other practise may become the source of a scandal which would bring shame to the cause of the colored people. The following examples, which speak for themselves, are taken from the stenographic report of the hearing granted Dr. Bundy by the Legal Committee of the Association: "Mr. Studin: What is your source of in come? "Dr. Bundy: In any way I could get it. "Mr. Studin: Have you worked? "Dr. Bundy: I don't think that concerns you. "Mr. Studin: Have you lived on contri butions that have been made to you by people who are spending money for your defense? "Dr. Bundy: No, sir, I have not. "Mr. Studin: How have you lived? "Dr. Bundy: That does not concern you. "Mr. Studin: Have you incurred any bills that you think the National Associa tion is responsible for? "Dr. Bundy: Yes. "Mr. Studin: What bills? "Dr. Bundy: All bills. "Mr. Studin: Will you name them? "Dr. Bundy: No. "Mr. Studin: How much do they amount to? "Dr. Bundy: I don't recall. "Mr. Studin : # In round numbers. "Dr. Bundy: I don't know. "Mr. Studin: What were they for? "Dr. Bundy: I am through with this con versation. "Mr. Studin: Did you ever say to the St. Louis Branch that you expected them to support yourself and your wife until the trial? "Dr. Bundy: I can explain that. They said they refused to let me go out and make lectures whereby I might raise funds for the purpose of assisting myself in living during the term between March and September. I said, 'Will you furnish me money to support myself?' "Mr. Studin: Was it your idea that you should go out and raise money to pay your personal living expenses? "Dr. Bundy: Yes. "Mr. Studin: That is your present idea? "Dr. Bundy: Yes, that is my idea now. * * * * * * "Mr. Studin: How do you propose to raise money for your defense? "Dr. Bundy: Do the best I can. "Mr. Studin: Are you going to work? "Dr. Bundy: I cannot. Why shouldwork ? "Mrs. Bundy: Perhaps he doesn't have to work." (Signed) CHARLES H. STUDIN. Chairman, Legal Committee. (Signed) JOHN R. SHILLADY, Secretary. National Association for the Advancement of Colored People. THESE THINGS SHALL BE! BY JOHN HAYNES HOLMES ON my desk to-day, I find a post-card from a beloved friend, bearing the following inscription: "At Newport, N. H., this morning at seven o'clock, a band and five hundred people escorted the only Negro boy in town to the train. He had answered Uncle Sam's call to war—a sight I shall never forget." One may imagine all kinds of philosophizing upon this simple village episode. The pessimist might ask if this is to be accepted in compensation for lynchings. The cynic would point out that the popularity of the blacks is in inverse proportion to their density of population. The Yankee would vindicate afresh New England's record of justice for the Negro. The optimist would behold the reconciliation at last, under the beneficent influence of the war, of two great races. It is doubtful, however, if any of these sweeping generalizations can be regarded as sound. Why try for so much? Why not take this incident for what it is—"a slice of life"—a very lovely example of the possibilities of human nature at its best? The nation is in peril. It calls to each citizen for the noblest service and uttermost sacrifice that he can give. A lone member of a race for ages despised, down-trodden and oppressed, even now bearing the social handicap of prejudice and unequal opportunity, answers the call. And his townsmen of another color, rich and poor, high and low, together, turn out with one accord, to do him honor! What could be finer? And at the same time, what could be more natural? This is what men like to do, when they are free to act upon instinct and conviction. This is what men will to do, when lifted upon tides of deep emotion. Such a happening gives one courage, just because of its spontaneity and genuineness. It shows what's coming— a future possessed by Democracy! It shows what's here—a present not unfamiliar with the love of man for man! GOD GAVE US SONG. By OTTO LELAND BOHANAN GOD gave us the gift of song, And bade us fill the world with tears Of happiness; when days were long, To make a melody of fears. God gave us the power to feel The joy of passions exquisite, Courage to suffer, and the zeal Of yearning for the infinite. God gave us the strength to die, To follow through the dark agrope, A stretch of dreary, rimless sky— God gave us the boon of hope. PASSING OF THE EX-SLAVE. By GEORGIA D. JOHNSON. SWIFT melting into yesterday, The tortured hordes of ebon-clay; All muted grows the dulcet strain, The rhythmic chanson of their pain. Their mounded bodies dimly rise, To span the gulf of sacrifice, And o'er their silent hearts' below, The mantled millions softly go. Some few remaining still abide, Gnarled sentinels of time and tide, Soft mellowed by a chastened glow, That lighter hearts will never know. Winding into the silent way, Spent with the travail of the day, Full royal in their humble might, The Uncrowned Pilgrims of the Night! COMPENSATION. By E. RALPH CHEYNEY. THOUGH great the crimes that we do you, brothers of darker skin, You have our envy sad in our arrogance, dumb in our sin; Forever you've had, in the face of wrong, The lance of laughter, the shield of song. 226 The Looking Glass LITERATURE. ALLEN TUCKER in the New York • Times: Down the street, between the waiting crowds, they come— The Buffaloes, The Black Regiment! The band ahead, Thumping, crashing, Booming, smashing, "Onward, Christian soldiers," fills the air. Black are the lines— All splendid black, Beneath the sharp bayonets, Under the high waving flags; A long way they have marched, Down the long years they have come, Through suffering and despair, From Africa to Manhattan, From slavery to freedom, Men—citizens—at last! No masters, no protectors! Owning themselves, Saving themselves, Marching, marching, Rank on rank, Black—all black! Africa here— Embattled! Free! Now ready to fight for us, Now ready to fight with us, Ready to fight for themselves— Ready to fight, Ready to die, For Freedom! * * * Recent treatment of the Negro in peri odicals : Negroes Move North, G. E. Haynes, Sur vey, May 4, '18. American Negroes and the World War, R. R. Moton. World's Work, May, '18. Negroes in Africa, R. M. Andrews, New Republic, March 16, '18. Negro Educators and Our War Efforts, Survey, May 4, '18. Thirty Cent Cotton and the Negro, C. Lewis, Illustrated World, May, '18. The "Buffaloes," O. E. McKaine, Outlook, May 22, '18. President Wilson Chills Africa, Literary Digest, march 16, '18. African Riddle, E. H. Gruening, New Re public, March 9, '18. Native Question in British East Africa, Contemporary Review, April, '18. Uncle Sam's African Understudy, S. Wood, World Outlook, Feb., '18. Benjamin Brawley, of Atlanta, has pub lished a little book of essays, "Your Negro Neighbor," Macmillan. A symposium on "The Path of Labor" has been issued by the Council of Women for Home Missions. A Southern white woman, Mrs. L. H. Hammond, writes on Negro labor ers and concludes her excellent chapter with these words: Justice before the law for all men alike— that Christian America must achieve if she fights with honor this war for human freedom; opportunity for every child of every race—this human right we must secure for Negroes as for others if we are to be a Christian nation. But fundamental to both these things lies respect for womanhood as such. To those who have glimpsed something of their struggle, the fight of Christian colored women for the purity and safety of colored girls is one of the most moving things to be found in America. Who can help them but the Christian white women? And women belong together; God has appointed it so. There is no standard but a common standard, no security but a common security, no right but a common right. MOB ACTION. PRESIDENT WILSON has said and said strongly and well the word on lynching for which we have long waited. The presi dent says in part in his letter of July 26: There have been many lynchings, and every one of them has been a blow at the heart of ordered law and humane justice. No man who loves America, no man who really cares for her fame and honor and character, or who is truly loyal to her institutions, can justify mob action while the courts of justice are open and the governments of the States and the nation are ready and able to do their duty. We are at this very moment fighting lawless passion. Germany has outlawed herself among the nations because she has disregarded the sacred obligations of law and has made lynchers of her armies. Lynchers emulate her disgraceful example. I, for my part, am anxious to see every community in America rise above that level, with pride and a fixed resolution which no man or set of men can afford to despise. We proudly claim to be the champions of democracy. If we really are, in deed and in truth, let us see to it that we do not discredit our own. I say plainly that every American who takes part in the action of a mob or gives it any sort of countenance is no true son of this great Democracy, but its betrayer, and does more to discredit her by that single disloyalty to her standards of law 227 228 THE and of right than the words of her statesmen or the sacrifices of her heroic boys in the trenches can do to make suffering peoples believe her to be their savior. How shall we commend democracy to the acceptance of other peoples, if we disgrace our own by proving that it is, after all, no protection to the weak? Every mob contributes to German lies about the United States what her most gifted liars cannot improve upon by the way of calumny. They can at least say that such things cannot happen in Germany except in times of revolution, when law is swept away! I therefore very earnestly and solemnly beg that the Governors of all the States, the law officers of every community, and, above all, the men and women of every community in the United States, all who revere America and wish to keep her name without stain or reproach, will co-operate,—not passively merely, but actively and watchfully,—to make an end of this disgraceful evil. The Springfield, Mass., Republican commenting on this says: . The president is often called the most powerful ruler in the world to-day, He commands an army of millions of soldiers. The railroads of the United States are under his thumb. He can dictate how much coal you may burn next winter, and, if you are between 21 and 31 years of age, order you to work or fight. Yet if a Georgia mob burns a human being at the stake, this war president of ours can do no more than wring his hands. It is as pitiable a contrast between vast power and extreme impotence, embodied in one person as can be found on the face of the earth. In these circumstances, so familiar to the American people, the demand for the establishment by law of federal jurisdiction over lynchings and mob violence in the states is steadily gaining strength. * * * If lynchings do not cease in this country, some way will be found to place the federal government and courts in control of the situation. The president now seeks to arouse a public sentiment that will suffice to end the disgrace. One cannot be very hopeful that he will succeed. President Roosevelt thundered from the White House against the mobs, without avail. They have pursued their work of lawlessness and savagery in spite of presidential admonitions and adjurations, always counting on the feebleness of local authority and the cowardice of local juries to escape punitive justice. It may be, however, that Mr. Wilson's appeal is the last one of the sort. If it is followed by no discernible improvement in conditions, it will be high time for the president of the United States to attack the problem from another side and seek for the federal courts a jurisdiction capable of eras-ins: this murderously black stain forever and vindicating America's right to pose as the champion of the principles of exact justice and equality under the laws for all people. CRISIS PHILADELPHIA. THE Quaker City makes the first grim response to President Wilson's ap peal against lawlessness. The Philadelphia Press says: There is no ill feeling, generally speaking, between the white and colored population of this city. They do not as a rule annoy each other. The removal of colored families into white districts is not relished and does tend, where it exists, to create a limited race hostility. It cannot well be helped, however. A decent Negro who can pay the price has as much right to rent an unoccupied house as a white man, even though the neighbors may not like his color. Negroes generally prefer to live with their own color, but with the growth of their population they must from time to time pick out new districts. The law determines their rights and the police are bound to give them free protection in their rights. The Public Ledger adds: As for the racial phase of it, social workers, college settlement investigators, housing experts, political reformers have for years protested against the socio-political influences that have forced large elements of the colored population to live under physical conditions conducive to vice, crime and lawlessness, conditions violating all the decencies of life and making progress for the better members of these neighborhood groups, almost if not wholly colored, either extremely difficult or virtually out of the question. J. S. Stemmons in a letter to the daily papers of Philadelphia says: That the entire situation represents a heartless persecution of the colored race is evinced by the following undeniable facts: From the very first the police and the newspapers have treated the Negroes as though they were the aggressors and the criminals. In almost every clash it has been the Negro who was disarmed by the police, and then clubbed and shot and arrested and thrown into jail. Regrettable as was the death of a policeman, it must be remembered that he lost his life in a brave effort to arrest a Negro who seemed inclined to defend his home from a mob. It would seem to be far more within the province of the police to disperse or arrest these unlawful mobs than it is to arrest Negroes who are trying to defend their own homes. # # * Colored ministers representing 55,000 people presented this memorial to the Mayor of the city: We represent large constituencies who reside in the zone of the race riot which seems now in progress. We have visited the homes of scores of these people, and are well informed concerning conditions. THE LOOKING GLASS We wish to say that we deplore the fact that your police have not been able to protect our citizens from mob violence. We deplore the fact that Philadelphia thus gives the first answer to the noble statement of President Wilson against mob violence with such a mockery. We desire you to understand that we put the whole blame upon your incompetent police force. But for the sympathy of the police, their hobnobbing with the mob, what has now become the disgrace of Philadelphia would have been nothing more than a petty row, if that much. Your police have for a long time winked at disorder, at the beating up of Negroes, the stoning of their homes, and the attacking of their churches. In this very neighborhood divine worship has time and again been disturbed by white hoodlums, and there has been no redress. In nearly every part of this city decent, law-abiding Negroes of the home-owning type, who have saved money by years of frugality and thrift, and moved into their own homes, have been set upon by irresponsible white hoodlums, their property damaged and destroyed while your police seemed powerless to protect. This has happened a score of times before this riot, and going with but slight rebuke, it is not to be wondered at that the mob thought it could scare Negroes from their homes with impunity. We have also to call your attention to the facts now clearly established: That this riot was not started by Negroes; that the Negroes who were annoyed were of the orderly, law-abiding type; that your police arrested Negroes almost exclusively and let white hoodlums roam the streets to do more damage, and when some of these were pointed out to the police, they were not molested. PUZZLING PSYCHOLOGY. JOHN D. BARRY says in a recent syndicated article which we clip from the New York Telegram: He was an amiable old Senator, mellowed after years of easy going success and authority, greatly beloved by his colleagues in Washington. His rich accent at once proclaimed his relation to the South. He moved with ponderous dignity. He talked with deliberate impressiveness. His smooth face, freshly shaven, had the pinkness of a child's. He wore the air of one well pleased with life and assured of holding sound opinions. It was by chance that he touched on the Negro question. "The Negro," he remarked with amiable solemnity, "is not adapted to public office." * * * found my interest sitting up. Here was a point of view I was not very familiar with. It was as if I heard the voice of Southern aristocracy coming out of an earlier period. "Why isn't the Negro adapted to public office?" I asked, with an effort to keep any hint of challenge out of my voice. On the part of the Senator there was no suspicion of challenge. His answer came in a tone of profound conviction. "Too close to slavery." "But since the days of slavery, many of the Negroes have made considerable advance, haven't they?" "Some of them have done very well, industrially. There is no reason why they shouldn't prosper as farmers and mechanics. Booker Washington had the right idea. He sure was one sensible fellow. He believed in keeping the nigger in his place. I wish all the other fellows that try to be leaders of the race had as much sense." "But don't you think that Booker Washington's idea was founded on expediency? It accepted the conditions that the Negroes had to work against, including the tremendous prejudice. I don't believe that Washington had any idea of keeping the race down socially and economically for all time." "They'll never rise. They belong where they are. When they get power they can't be trusted. In the South we don't propose to stand for arson, assault and murder." * * * "Are those crimes unknown among the white population?" "Some crimes have been committed against the Negroes by white men, it's true, if you mean that. But the point is that the South belongs to the whites, and it's going to continue to belong to the whites. The Southern people like the Negroes as indi viduals, those Negroes that behave them selves, I mean, and there are a great many of them that do. The Northern people claim that they like the Negro race, but they show that they hate the individual. A nigger is as humble as a dog in the presence of South erners. We thought we settled the question years ago. But it stalks before us like a ghost all the time." "Isn't it true that many successful Negroes are coming up in the South, men of character and ability, who are making good in spite of all the obstacles, men of education, too?" "When you educate a nigger you spoil a mighty good fellow. What I don't seem to be able to get into your head is that the niggers are all right in their place. Why, we still have in our family an old nurse that took care of me when I was a baby. We all love her as if she was a relative of ours. And she loves me as much as she loves her own children. But she never thinks of presuming. Every time I stand for election she prays for me. She doesn't know enough to understand just what an election means or even "what a ballot is. But some one once told her that I needed ballots. So she goes round the house, saying under her breath, 'Oh, Lord, shower dem ballots all over his head. Shower dem ballots.' Then 230 THE there was another nigger we had during the Civil War and long before the Civil War. Some time after he got his freedom he went to New Orleans and made money. He heard that my father and the rest of us were having a pretty hard time as a result of the war and he wrote my father a letter. It said, 'Let. me know if you need money. I will send you some.' Why, I could tell you stories of that kind by the yard. It was perfectly wonderful, the way the Negroes stood by us during the war. Those of the younger generation in this country don't know what the war meant to us. We think the situation in Belgium is terrible. So it is. But the Belgians are having a big relief work done for them. We didn't have any relief work done for us. We lived on husks. While our men were all fighting, the Negroes stayed at home and took care of the children. If they had risen against us, the war would have been over in thirty days." "And the Southern people are grateful for their devotion?" "Grateful! Of course, we are grateful!" * * * "B. W. S." adds this letter in the New York Evening Post: We were seated on Columbia Campus, in the sunset glow, a truly cosmopolitan crowd, students and residents of the neighborhood, many people from many lands, come together to listen to music, the "universal language." Directly in front of me sat three fine looking women, evidently students. One of them looked very weary. Next her was an empty seat. Presently it was occupied by a fine looking Negro, also evidently a student. The young woman straightened up with a start, looked significantly at her companions, and then deliberately turned in her chair so that her back was toward the colored man. This deprived her of the support of the chair back, but so she sat until the end, except when we stood to sing. The man just glanced at her, then sat quietly, his eyes on the musicians, but his face settled into lines of sadness, and I wondered how much of the joy of the evening was gone for him. The band had not played "The Star-Spangled Banner" at the beginning of the concert. After the third or fourth number Dr. Goldman announced that he had waited until we should all be there so that we could sing it "in honor of the splendid work our boys are doing in France. All sing," he urged. "Sing it so that they can hear it 'over there.' " When we rose, the young woman stepped deliberately in front of the colored man, and so standing sang the national hymn of this great democracy. Above us shone out the first faint stars of evening, the kindly, impartial stars, the same stars that shine on our boys "over there"—and some of those boys are black. CRISIS THE BETTER SPIRIT. THE Boston Evening Transcript writes: "Americans including black Americans." This phrase is from the German official bulletin listing the troops that were found fighting against them on the Marne salient. "I thank thee, Jew, for teaching me that word." "Americans including black Americans"—no comma; the words all run together—is a phrase which should outlast the war. It is a deserved tribute to the spontaneity and bravery of the service of the colored regiments now fighting in France, and a token of the oneness of their citizenship with all other Americans. These brave soldiers are not hyphenated; they may be black, but that word is only an adjective spelled with a small letter, like "white" or "young," or "tall" or "spry." It is also a token of the fact that other nations, including our enemies, recognize that the term "Americans" includes the brave black men on the same fighting basis as the white. We do not hear from any source whatsoever that the black Americans did any less well in the battle than their white brothers. Relative to the task which the nation has in hand, the white soldier and the black soldier are one. The devotion of these troops and their brave union with all the other self-respecting peoples in the world in resistance to the Prussian aggression is a full answer to those among the colored people in this country who told them, not so very long ago, that this was not their war, and that it should be left to the white people to fight out. The "black Americans" did not accept that view at all. They are proving their solidarity of sentiment and duty with all other Americans. Let them have full honor for it, and let it be remembered in the future to their credit. In a similar strain the Boston Post says, "Very well." Perhaps the Cologne Gazette thinks it is uttering a fearsome threat when it says that as American Negro soldiers "are fighting with the whites side by side, we must not fail to recognize this true comradeship in the prisoners who fall into our hands and always put the same number of 'colored gentlemen' with an equal number of whites." Very well; what of it? It is true, as the Gazette says, that our colored troops are comrades-in-arms of our white—and gallant and fine fighters they are, too. This being so, could there be any manly objection to being quartered with them as prisoners—if the Huns shall manage to take any, which they are not doing to any extent just now? If the German thinks the color line is drawn in our armies at the front, he is as muddle-headedly mistaken as usual. * * * The Baltimore, Md., Manufacturers' Rec THE LOOKING GLASS ord in a special letter from Jackson, Miss., writes: Increasing; evidence of the determination among the better classes of white citizens of Mississippi to give the Negro a square deal is to be found on every side. For the first time in the history of the State, prominent white men and leaders among the Negroes conferred on the problems of the two races, when the Mississippi division of the Southern Sociological Congress met at Gulfport. The question of the "new freedom" and its effect upon the relations of the two races was discussed, and it was evidently the opinion of the thinkers, white and black, that after the war a new spirit must animate the white people in their dealings with the Negroes. Improvement of rural schools, better pay for Negro teachers, equitable treatment of Negro farm labor, absolute justice for all races in the courts and betterment of health conditions among the Negroes were discussed, and it was agreed that through these progressive measures the Negro stood the best chance of finding his place in American civilization. Negro speakers were heard with intent interest. Bishop Cottrell, of the A. M. E. Church, declared world democracy was bound to mean greater freedom for his race. J. W. Abercrombie, of the United States Department of Labor, said there were no more loyal people in the world than the American Negroes, and told of the large part their work and their fighting were doing in winning the war. He said Negro labor, for the most part, was loyal labor, and would be more so if given the opportunity by the whites. The Negro Co-operative and Community Congress, recently organized in Mississippi entirely by Negroes, has just concluded a meeting in this city well attended. Roscoe Conkling Simmons, considered the most eloquent speaker of his race, delivered an address which was heard by many white persons. In patriotic campaigns, such as Liberty Loan, War Savings, Red Cross and Y. M. C. A. drives, some of the most prominent white citizens of the State have held meetings with the Negroes, have spoken to them on the aims of the war and have met with a remarkable response. In fact, the Negroes have come as near proving themselves 100 per cent, patriotic as the whites of the State, which is saying a good deal, since the State has exceeded all its recent war quotas. In the Delta section, where the center of Negro population is located, and where for years a sort of modified slavery existed—a more or less benevolent system of peonage— the Negro laborer is no longer regarded as a chattel. The largest planters of that section are seeing to it that their colored employees have good schools, good churches and comfortable houses. The Negroes them selves in many instances, through the re markable crops of the past few years, have bought their own farms, furnished their homes in handsome style and own auto mobiles. The State Department of Education is thoroughly in sympathy with the Negroes' effort to raise themselves, and has an official supervisor of colored schools, who is assisted by a Negro teacher. While legislative appropriations for Negro schools have been somewhat small in the past, the policy in that direction is broadening, and illiteracy is rapidly disappearing among the younger generation. The spirit of justice may be found generally in dealing with the Negroes, which may be counted upon to increase as whites and blacks grasp the real significance of the war. * * * Even the Macon, Ga., Telegraph shows en couraging "complexity" of thought on see ing the drafted Negroes march by: There must have been confusing and complex thought processes in the minds of the white people of thinking intelligence who saw them march past Monday, speculations as to what the war is bringing to the Negro and with him, of course, in a large measure to the white man, how things will be after it is all over and Johnny comes marching home. Conjecture is ready, it is not entirely undisturbing and certainly it calls back no answer to the riddle at this stage. MILITARY LAW. COMMENTING on the dismissal of Cap tain Rowan, a white Southerner, for refusal to obey an order because it included mixing of white and Negro troops, the Pitts burgh, Pa., Leader says: The color line in the army has appeared so frequently since the United States entered the war and met with such cold response from the American people that every new case is worth noting for its lack of patriotism and ethical balance. The Negro citizen is an American citizen, and the Negro soldier an American soldier, whatever prejudiced parochial political opinion may declare. Public opinion has stood by the Negro as a citizen and army authorities evidently do not propose to retreat from a defense of the Negro as a soldier. * # * The Omaha, Neb., Bee says: The justice of the action is plain. A man who undertakes at this time to discriminate against another because of his color is unfit to wear the uniform of an American soldier much less to represent the government as an officer. If our fight for freedom means anything at all, it includes every race, tribe kindred, sect or creed under the sun. We can not say to this: "We recognize you as THE CRISIS brothers, and the proper object of our sacrifice," and to that: "We know you not— your skin is red, or black, or yellow, and you have nothing in common with us." Liberty to all men is our aim. To achieve it we have taken into our army men from every quarter of the world who are physically and morally fit; not only this, but for many years we have granted all the rights and privileges of citizenship without regard to "age, color or previous condition of servitude." Old Glory knows no color line, and men called to service under that flag must understand the fact. * * * The St. Louis, Mo., Star says: Equal and impartial administration of military law is shown by the hanging of Negro soldiers at Fort Dodge for attacking a girl, and a white soldier at Camp Mc-Arthur, for the same kind of crime. Also the superiority of military court proceedings is shown in the fact that in each case the punishment followed the crime within a few weeks. THE PRESIDENT AND THE NEGRO EDITORS. THE thirty-one representatives of the Negro press which assembled in Washington in June addressed a special memorial to the President of the United States and the Committee on Public Information. This memorial was drafted by Dr. W. E. B. Du Bois, and criticized and amended by a committee consisting of Dr. R. E. Jones, Chairman; Fred R. Moore, Benjamin J. Davis, John Mitchell, Jr., W. T. Andrews, and R. R. Moton. After one verbal correction it was adopted unanimously by the assembled editors and other distinguished guests. This address was published in the August CRISIS. In answer to it the President of the United States says in a letter: "It is cheering to see that the fine philosophy of democracy, which is at this time the inspiration of the great effort of our country, was felt and expressed by these conferees as the dominating thought which ought to control all Americans in the present crisis." MISCELLANEOUS. DR. JAMES H. DILLARD says in School and Society: When the Negro was freed he had practically nothing to start with but the false discipline of slavery. He was not helped as he should have been helped, and the efforts that were made were utterly inadequate. The whole nation should have felt the obligation to afford means of education to the freedmen, for the presence of the Negro on our continent and his use as a slave were due not to the South alone but to the whole country. The country, as a whole, consented and abetted. Justice therefore demanded that when the change of status came, the whole country should share the consequent obligation of education. This obligation has never been met and the demand for meeting it still calls as a matter of simple justice to the Negro. It is also a matter of justice to the South. The South, chief promoter of slavery and also chief sufferer, should not have been expected to bear the whole burden of the public education of the freedmen. The beginning and the end of slavery affected, involved and concerned the country as a whole. I would base national aid to Negro education on simple justice, justice to the Negro and justice to the South. * * * A colored paper, the Omaha, Neb., Monitor, warmly commends Secretary McAdoo for his attitude toward Negro labor: Now, one step further, please, Mr. McAdoo. Enforce equal accommodations for equal fares on AL L railroads in the United States. When we pay for first-class accommodations on public carriers we are entitled to receive just what we pay for. The law says equal accommodations. This law is flagrantly violated and openly and wantonly defied. You have corrected the injustice of unequal wages; now please correct that of unequal accommodations. * * * An Associated Press dispatch of June 20, published in the New York Times says: One regiment of Negroes in the American Army (number deleted by censor), has had its baptism of fire on the fighting fields of France and acquitted itself so well that the French commander of the sector has cited the whole regiment as worthy of receiving the War Cross. This regiment's repulse of the enemy attack on the early morning of June 12 was briefly referred to in the official communique. A later and official report of the engagement brings out interesting details and gives credit to the officers and men for fine fighting qualities displayed in their initial experience under shell and machine gun fire. The French commander of that sector has given the regiment the highest possible commendation for the results accomplished and the splendid fighting spirit sho w by the American Negroes. * * * The Outlook, New York City, says: A transport lay at the dock in an Ameri can port. The decks swarmed with men in khaki. A passenger boat passed near her. and a passenger aboard saw that these men in khaki were Negroes. "Those men are go ing over to fight our battles," this passenger later remarked, in describing the sight, "and I can never again think of Negroes as I used to think." THE DOUGLASS HOME ANACOSTIA, D. C, NOW HEADQUARTERS OF THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF COLORED WOMEN, WHO BURNED THE MORT GAGE AT THEIR DENVER MEETING, JULY, 1918. Y. M. C. A. SUMMER INSTITUTE, HARPER'S FERRY. NEGRO EDITORS' CONFERENCE, WASHINGTON. D. C. Editors of S. W. Christian Advocate. Afro-American, Daily Herald, Tribune, Planet, Courier. Defender, Freeman, World, Ledger, Dallas Express, News, Amsterdam News. Journal and Guide, Crisis. Age, Gazette, Argus, Clarion, Sun, Independent, Eagle, American Baptist, Nashville Globe, Bee, Texas Freeman and other periodicals, 234 Men of the Month TW O BUSINESS MEN. DOING THEIR BIT. BLANCHE ARMWOOD PERKINS, of New Orleans, has brains, initiative and executive ability. She conducts a cooking school in her city where the New Orleans Gas Company is spending $12,000 for teaching war economy to 1,200 colored women. Since January 1, 1915, she has been on the pay-roll of some gas company every day. Mrs. Perkins is a product of Tampa, Fla. She is a graduate of Spelman and a member of the National Commercial Gas Association of New York City. Frances Reed Elliott is the first colored nurse to be enrolled under the American Red Cross service. Miss Elliott is a graduate of Knoxville College and Freedman's Hospital. She took a post-graduate course in nursing and public health at Columbia University and was appointed a nurse of the Bureau of Public Health, Jackson, Tenn. Later she accepted a position as head nurse at Tuskegee Institute. The United States Public Health Service Unit Number 16 appointed her to Chattanooga, Tenn., as public health nurse; later she was sent back to Jackson by the Red Cross. I REMEMBER two homes of men who have recently gone over. One I entered in 1900, away down in Georgia. Its owner, Bartow F. Powell, was born in 1865. He was a strong, stocky, yellow man, well-built and shrewd. For years he held the government contract for dredging certain muddy rivers of South Georgia, and he turned this money into land. He owned a barony—10,000 fertile acres. One hardly realized the extent of his domain from the simple one-storied white house, with its broad, pleasant porch. Then came the fields of purpling cotton, the villages of white and black tenants, the school houses for both colors—it was a matter for rubbing your eyes. The family was happy and wholesome, seven sturdy children and a busy wife. This year Powell died, leaving, they say, property worth a half million of dollars. Far to the North, in Ohio, on the shores of Lake Erie, I have been a frequent visitor in another home owned by a quiet brown man. It was a little home on a silent street in the sleepy town of Lorain. Yet some currents of the great world that rushed from Cleveland to Chicago swept through here, and David C. Fisher was one of the best of the business men who guided them Mrs. Perkins Mr, Fisher and his cottage Miss Elliot 235  THE CRISIS Rev. G. F. Miller J. R. Clifford The late B. F. Powell and built up the town. He was railway baggage master for the B. and O., a director of the Citizens' Savings Bank Company, a member of the Chamber of Commerce and the Board of Education, a charter member of the Lorain Real Estate Board and Constable. Through his influence the first brick pavement was laid in Lorain, on Ninth Street; and he was one of the builders of the first building of iron construction in Lorain. He carried on a railway land business, and his name is attached to two of the largest real estate ventures. Mr. Fisher was born at Romney, W. Va., in 1850, in a little log cabin that is still standing. He married Elizabeth Dorsey, of Elyria, Ohio, and died last year. One of his surviving children, Ruth Anna Fisher, is a graduate of Oberlin, and has continued his real estate business as well as being a widely-known social worker. TW O FIGHTERS. TWO of the strongest of colored fight ing radicals are George Frazier Miller, of Brooklyn, N. Y., and John Robert Clifford, of Martinsburg, W. Va. Miller is the Episcopal rector of St. Augustine's, and was born in South Carolina, in 1864. And so was John Robert Clifford—an impetuous, honest, West Virginian editor and politician, who was the first colored man admitted to the Bar in West Virginia. He was born in Williamsport, Grant County, in 1848, and spent his early life on a farm. He was graduated from Storer College in 1875, and served as principal of the Martinsburg City School for ten years. His exploits as a fighter for Negro rights read like romance. Once, for contending for the rights of a client before a U. S. Commissioner, he was arrested and put into jail. After 1.29 minutes, however, he was released, secured the release of his client, who had also been jailed during his absence; Clifford then went to Washington, filed charges against the Commissioner and Marshal, and had them both put out of office. He empaneled the first colored jury in West Virginia, and was incidentally knocked down three times during the process. The court-room was crowded, but at the time he was pulled off of his would-be-assassin even the judge had left. A year later, when his assailant was running for the Legislature, Mr. Clifford, after a speech in the Public Square, had him defeated by 1,335 votes. He was educated in Charleston, at Howard Mr. Glifford married Mary E. Franklin, and at the General Theological Seminary. a sister of Mrs. Coralie F. Cook, of Wash Miller is a clean, frank fighter, a radical So ington, D. C , and they have six living chil cialist and a clear-speaker and writer. dren. The Horizon THE WAR. AMONG 600 men attending the third officers' training camp in San Juan, Porto Rico, 150 are Negroes. The colored people of Washington, D. C., have 4,900 men in the Army; they have purchased $64,800 worth of War Savings Stamps and invested $1,020,000 in Liberty Bonds. A war community house for colored soldiers and sailors has been established in Boston, Mass., at a cost of $1,500, $1,000 of which was contributed by the colored people. A free canteen is one of its features. Privates Henry Johnson and Robert Robinson, Negro soldiers from New York with the American Army in France, have been cited for bravery from the French command for putting to flight in "No Man's Land" a party of forty raiding Germans. Private Johnson was also mentioned in General Pershing's communique May 19, with Private Needham Roberts, for repulsing a raiding party of twenty Germans. Twenty-seven colored Second Lieutenants have been assigned to duty at Little Rock, Ark. They are graduates of the second series of training camps at Des Moines. Of forty-four Negroes of St. Paul, Minn., in the November draft, forty have been made non-commissioned officers and J. R. French, a dentist, is in the Dental Reserve Corps. The Camp Community Service of the War Department has opened a clubroom at 1636 Fourteenth Street, Northwest, Wash ington, D. C , for colored troops. Negroes of Columbia, S. C , subscribed $50,000 in War Savings Stamps, this being the best effort in that State. A Hostess House for Negro soldiers has been opened at Camp Dix, N. J., and per mission has been granted to the Knights of Columbus to erect a building for the use of Negro soldiers. Colored people in Hickory, N. C , who were taxed $4,000 for the last War Savings Stamp campaign, pledged $500 over their quota. They gave $550 to the Red Cross. Dr. P. M. Smith headed the committee. Negroes in Sumter County, Ga., bought $18,000 of War Savings Stamps and contributed $654 to the Red Cross; 87 Negro farmers produced 32,007 pounds of meat, 4946 pounds of lard, 16,839 bushels of corn and 21,000 bushels of peanuts in addition in their usual cotton crops. They have forty-six acres devoted to corn demonstration work and sixty-six to wheat. There are ninety-nine voluntary demonstrators. In Jenkins County, Ga., Negroes raised $90,000 in War Savings Stamps. William Crane, a colored seaman of Waco, Texas, was wounded in a recent battle with a submarine and won a medal for bravery. He is soon to be examined for promotion to chief petty officer. The New York Journal reports that American colored troops are now participating in the heavy fighting that has been developing since the renewal of the German offensive. This is the first time the colored men have seen heavy action, and they are acquitting themselves well The German attack was completely broken up by artillery fire at the particular point where the Negroes were in the line. The Boches were held in their trenches at the very outset of their venture and the attack suffered heavy losses. The colored troops were occupying a quiet sector when word was received that the enemy was about to strike. The Negroes immediately requested that they be transferred to the scene of the expected fighting and their request was granted. Colored people of Chatham County, Ga., have bought $200,000 worth of War Savings Stamps. A single church, the First Bryan Baptist, bought $20,000 worth of stamps. One group of 200 young colored women worked on the street corners and raised $25,000. The chairman of the movement is J. B. Lemon. It is said that a merchant marine training ship for Negroes is to be established at San Francisco. A colored civic league in New Iberia, La., raised $5,305 by the sale of War Savings Stamps among 2709 persons. The Y. W. C. A. is erecting Hostess Houses for colored troops at Camp Jackson, South Carolina, and at Camp Gordon, Georgia. 237 THE CRISIS John H. Downey, a colored man of Portsmouth, N. H., has been accepted in the Naval Reserve and rated as a second class machinist. He has been assigned to duty at the Naval Hospital. A program has been worked out involving the expenditure of $450,000 for the colored troops at Newport News, Va. The Colored Auxiliary No. 6, of the Philadelphia Red Cross, is composed of nearly 300 women and has done exceptional work for the troop trains passing through the city. The correspondent of the United Press writes: American Negro troops proved their value as fighters in line east of Verdun on June 12, it is now permissible to state. The Germans attempted a raid in that sector but were completely repulsed by the Negroes. The Boches began a terrific bombardment at one minute after midnight (throwing over between 3,000 and 4,000 shells from guns ranging in size from 67 to 340 millimeters. The bombardment was concentrated on small areas. Many of the shells made holes from ten to fifteen feet across. In the midst of this inferno the Negroes coolly stuck to their posts, operating machine guns and automatic rifles and keeping up such a steady barrage that the German infantry failed to penetrate the American lines. The Americans miraculously sustained only two wounded. "Dixie luck was a-working," explained one. "We all got knocked down lots o' times, but every man got right up." Private Henry Gaillard, of New York City, under shell fire, took his automatic rifle from its place of concealment, placed it on the parapet and met the attacking Boches with a rain of bullets.. John Ward, a Negro of Goldsboro, S. C , has thirteen of his eighteen sons in the Ninth and Tenth United States Cavalry and seventeen daughters doing war work. C. W. Rice, a young colored volunteer of Austin, Texas, during the last six months has held among colored people seventeen one-day institutes, organized sixteen new institutes with a total membership of 784, and delivered fifty-nine additional addresses to an aggregate attendance of 19,341, under the direction of the State Department of Agriculture. In Memphis, Tenn., Negroes pledged $174,823 in Thrift Stamps; the colored city of Mound Bayou, Miss., subscribed, $1,105 in War Savings Stamps. A club for colored soldiers and sailors with accommodation for 200 has been opened in Baltimore, Md.; a recreation club for colored soldiers and sailors has been opened in New York City at the Music School Settlement for Colored People. INDUSTRY. COLORED women elevator operators are being used in the Railway Exchange Building, St. Louis, Mo., and some department stores in this city are employing colored saleswomen. Colored waitresses have been installed in Baltimore, Md., at the Baltimore, Merchants', University, and Maryland Clubs. One thousand colored women in the vicinity of Birmingham, Ala., are engaged in manual labor formerly done by men. The Midvale Steel Works, Philadelphia, Pa., employs fifty-six colored women in their ammunition works. Colored men are working day and night, making from $48 to $50 per week, including overtime. Twenty-five colored women are being employed as freight handlers in Chicago, Ill., by the Wabash Railroad. They work nine and one-half hours a day and are paid thirty-two and one-half cents per hour. The Goodyear Rubber Tire Company at Akron, Ohio, has issued a call for three hundred colored laborers. It is reported that 4,400 Negro farmers in Virginia raised all their home supplies, 969 opened new bank accounts, 1,233 increased their bank accounts and in one county 8 graded school buildings at an average cost of $1,500 have been erected. The steel corporation is building 1,000 cottages to house Negroes and 400 to house whites in North Mobile, Ala., where there is a large shipbuilding plant. Bathing beaches for each race and social work of various kinds are being furnished. In Mobile, Ala., a labor union of seventy-five white and colored shoe workers has been organized. Forty colored men from the South, beyond draft age, have been placed as waiters at Murray's Restaurant, Broadway and Forty-second Street, New York City. MUSIC AND ART. ROY WILKINS has been elected presi dent of the Mechanical Arts High School Literary Society at St. Paul, Minn., over two white candidates. Mme. E. A. Hackley has held a folk THE HORIZON song festival in Louisville, Ky., with a chorus of 300 voices. Two thousand people witnessed an Independence Day pageant at Hampton Institute under the direction of Mrs. W. T. E. Williams. The music was under the direction of R. Nathaniel Dett. A series of portraits of "Our Master Minds" has been issued by C. M. Battey, of the Photographic Division of Tuskegee Institute. They include photographs of Douglass, Washington, DuBois, Langston, Bruce and Dunbar. Joseph H. Douglas, the violinist, has become head of the violin department of the Music School Settlement for Colored People, New York City. The Musical Observer for August publishes the conclusion of "The Drum in Africa—The Use of Music by a Primitive People in Time of War" by Maud Cuney Hare. Musical America notes the folk-song coterie of St. Paul, Minn., an association of nine colored women who are giving programs of folk-songs and plays. An excellent exhibit of paintings by colored artists, manuscripts, music, books, etc., was held in the early part of August at the Carlton Avenue Y. M. C. A., Brooklyn, N. Y., by the Negro Library Association. The catalog of twenty-four pages was by A. A. Schomberg and R. T. Browne. On August 2, the Soldier's Comfort Unit of Boston, Mass., gave an entertainment at the Houghton Estate, Cambridge, the program of which was given by the New York Clef Club, with the added feature of a "Military Dance," a solo number danced by a young dancer of Boston, Miss Imogene Roundtree. Special comment was made on the playing of the saxophonist of the Clef Club, Miss Mazie Mullins, whose numbers and pleasing stage deportment have caused favorable notice during her engagement with the Clef Club. This club has been appear ing at Ye Wilbur Theatre in Boston. On July 4, at Passaic, N. J., Melville Charlton, a colored musician of Brooklyn, N. Y., was accompanist for Ernest Davis, leading tenor of the Boston Opera Company, and Richard Parks, bass, of the Manhattan Opera Company, under the auspices of the National Security League. Colonel Theodore Roosevelt was the speaker. Theodore Roosevelt Taylor, a lad twelve years old, who lives in Chase City, Va., has been found to possess unusual musical gifts. He has played the reed organ since he was four years old. EDUCATION. BECAUSE many of the students at Hampton Institute are within the draft age, the admission age has been changed from seventeen to sixteen years. Lauretta Holland graduated from the Mount Holly High School, N. J., as valedictorian of her class, and was awarded a prize for her work in English. At the Southern University Summer School, Baton Rouge, La., 150 teachers received certificates of credit and twenty-six were awarded teachers' certificates. The John F. Slater Board reports that 54 eounty training schools in the South during the last year taught 958 colored students above the seventh grade. The Slater Fund contributed $27,552 toward this work, the General Education Board $12,225, and the counties spent from public funds $122,050. The Jeanes Foundation reports that during the month of January, 1918, in 203 counties of the South 212 supervising teachers were employed for 2,395 schools with 162,882 pupils. Xavier University, New Orleans, La., has been recently authorized to confer degrees by the Legislature of Louisiana. Eighteen high school graduates were sent out this year. In St. Louis, Mo., a modern school building with twenty-one rooms is to be devoted entirely to seventh, eighth and ninth grade colored pupils. The Sumner High School is accredited by the North Central Association of High Schools and recently has been recognized by the University of Chicago. M. W. Fort, a colored boy of twelve, ranked his class of ninety-nine in the Harvard Grammar School, Cambridge, Mass. Eva Farrar, William J. Clark and Lillian M. Whiting were graduated from the Bridgeport, Conn., High School. Miss Whiting won the second Barnum prize for speaking and graduated with honor. The Barnum prizes were established by the late B. T. Barnum. There were twenty-four contestants. THE CRISIS THE CHURCH. LADY MARY McGILL, a prominent Catholic, left a bequest of $19,500 for St. Anthony's Colored Mission in Mobile, Alabama. The Rt. Rev. Mgr. John E. Burke, who has headed the Negro Catholic Mission since 1907, is asking for a fund of $40,000 to support his work. Union Baptist Church in New York City raised $6,340 in a recent rally. The Reverend Mr. George H. Smith is pastor. Olivet Baptist Church, Chicago, Ill., purchased a $5,000 cash Liberty Bond last November. It has also bought the First Baptist Church, white, at a cost of $85,000, white organizations and friends giving $25,000 toward it. In sixty days $11,199 was raised. The church, which has 7,240 members, will occupy its new home late in September. The Reverend Mr. L. K. Williams is pastor. Second Baptist Church, of Detroit, Mich., in a three-day drive raised $53,000. This was the third big effort the church has made since its building was burned in February. They have been phenomenally successful in raising funds to rebuild their structure without having to negotiate a loan. The Rev. Mr. R. L. Bradley is pastor. POLITICS. THE New York State convention of the Socialist Party adopted a resolution demanding the enactment and enforcement of federal legislation to put an end to viola tions of the Fifteenth Amendment. In Houston, Texas, 102 colored women registered so as to participate in the pub lic caucuses July 27. Six colored women who applied to reg ister at Fort Worth, Texas, were refused on the ground that the primaries were open "for white Democrats only." Two colored women were chosen as dele gates to the New York Republican conven tion and two as alternates. The delegates were Dr. Gertrude E. Curtis, of the Nine teenth District and Mrs. Laura B. Fisher, of the Twentieth. MEETINGS. THREE thousand Negroes were assembled at a Red Cross rally in New York City, at which Mrs. August Belmont spoke, outlining the work being done in France. The fifteenth annual session of the National Association of Teachers in Colored Schools was held at Storer College, Harper's Ferry, W. Va. Among those who took part were John M. Gandy, Kelly Miller, W. S. Scarborough, George E. Haynes and the U. S. Commissioner of Education. The twentieth annual session of the National Medical Association was held in Richmond, Va., August 27 to 29. Clinics were held at the Richmond Hospital and scientific sessions at Virginia Union University. The National Committee on Churches and Moral Aims of the War began a series of meetings at Talladega College. Other meetings will be held at Hampton and in New Orleans. ft Agricultural fairs have been held by colored people in seventeen counties in Virginia. Two hundred delegates attended the biennial meeting of the National Association of Colored Women held in Denver, Colo. Mrs. Mary B. Talbert was re-elected president, Miss Hallie Q. Brown, vice-president, and Mrs. Charlotte Hawkins Brown was made corresponding secretary. The Governor of the State attended the opening session. A splendid series of reports on social work was given. The president, Mrs. Mary B. Talbert, declared that colored women raised $5,000,000 in the Third Liberty Loan Drive and contributed $300,000 to the Red Cross Drive. They called for colored war nurses, the abolition of filthy "Jim-Crow" cars and the stopping of lynching. SOCIAL PROGRESS. GOVERNOR BICKETT, of North Caro lina, presided over a conference at the State House with representative Negroes who discussed the problem of Ne gro labor. Dr. George E. Haynes, Director of Negro Economics for the U. S. Depart ment of Labor, was present. Committees were appointed to carry out the plans. Colored elementary grade teachers in Washington, D. C , have formed Local Union 27, of the American Federation of Teachers. Professor C. H. Thomas is president. In 1917, the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People protested THE against the following statement in the Columbia University Bulletin of information: "Since no special arrangements are made for colored students, such students in case they are unable to make arrangements with friends, are advised to write for information regarding rooms and board to the Residence Bureau, Teachers College, Columbia Uni versity." In the 1918 Bulletin this statement is omitted. Mrs. J. H. McPherson, a colored woman, has been appointed quarantine officer in the City Health Department, Chicago, Ill. In a collision on the Nashville, Chatta nooga and St. Louis Railroad 107 people were killed and 86 injured, nearly all be ing Negro laborers caught in the flimsy "Jim-Crow" car. The white Elks at their Atlantic City meeting were advised by the ruler to give up litigation against colored Elks. Because of protests by the N. A. A. C. P., the State Board of Control of Milwau kee, Wis., has decided that Negroes be ad mitted to sanitariums on the same terms as whites. A colored teacher, Miss Viola Van Buren, has been appointed in Rochester, N. Y., at Public School Number 10. Colored soldiers of the Labor Battalion at Camp Gordon, Ga., are being used as laborers to save the peach crop. They are paid civilian wages and are transported to and from their work in motor trucks. Girl students at Hampton Institute are to have a new dormitory to cost $65,000, through the donation of Mrs. John S. Ken nedy, of New York. It will bear her name and the building will be constructed by the Hampton Institute Trade School. A colored interne has been placed at Bellevue Hospital, New York City, in the person of Dr. U. C. Vincent, a graduate of the University of Pennsylvania Medical School. When Mrs. Elsie Bond, a colored proba tion officer in Philadelphia, Pa., took up her residence at 2936 Ellsworth Street, the white people stoned it. A race riot followed in which two policemen were killed and sixty persons injured. More than sixty Negroes have been arrested and charged for having weapons, and one is charged with murder. To make financial ends of the depart ment meet, the Negro Welfare Bureau at HORIZON Trenton, N. J., resulting from a law passed last winter, has been suspended by the State Commissioner of Labor. It has been decided that the Public Service Commission cannot segregate colored and white passengers on interstate street cars in Maryland. The report of the Special Congressional Investigating Committee on the East St. Louis riots has been laid before the House and printed. The conduct of the men of the National Guard is characterized as a "blot on the Illinois Militia organization." The "Birth of a Nation" has been ruled out of Lincoln, Neb. The colored Knights of Pythias of Georgia have held their annual session. They report an income of $177,656, expenditures of $64,037 and a balance on hand of $113, 627. Mob violence in the United States has been denounced by the Indiana and Wisconsin Bar Associations. B. H. Fisher, of Toledo, has been appointed clerk in the street cleaning department. This is the first instance of such a colored appointment in the history of the city. An eleven-year-old colored boy, J. E. Reed, of Waterbury, Conn., won the Junior Four-Minute-Men speaking contest at the Russell School. The publishers of the San Antonio, Texas, Express, have established a fund of $100,000, to be maintained for five years for the purpose of combating and punishing lynching and mob violence in the United States. A reward of $500 will be paid to each person responsible for the arrest and conviction of any person instrumental in arousing a mob to commit lynching or to participate in lynching when the victim is white and $1,000 when the victim is colored. The offer applies both to officers of the law and to private citizens in any state. A park and community center for colored people has been purchased by the city of St. Louis, Mo. It is opposite the colored Sumner High School. Premier Botha, of the Union of South Africa, has issued a statement calling attention to great unrest in South Africa anion?; whites and natives. The Virginia State Legislature has passed a resolution commending the Virginia THE CRISIS State Federation of Colored Women's Clubs for the work which it has done in establishing an industrial home school for wayward colored girls at Peak, Hanover County. Mrs. Janie Porter Barrett is secretary and superintendent and the board is composed of white and colored members. In Shreveport, La., two streets, formerly known as Bismarck and Berlin, have been changed to Christopher and Chester in honor of the first two Negro volunteers. Vivienne Ward Stokes has been made Assistant Superintendent of the New York State Bureau of Labor by competitive examination at a salary of $1,200. The South Carolina Federation of Colored Women's Clubs held its eighth annual session in Orangeburg. The members have put up 20,790 cans of fruits and vegetables and have contributed $8,000 to the Red Cross, the Y. M. C. A. and camp activities. Mayor Preston, of Baltimore, Md., is suggesting a new segregation ordinance based on the fact that Negroes are more susceptible to tuberculosis than whites. Fifteen modern houses, six-stories high, containing 1,500 living rooms, have been opened for Negroes in New York City at 202-230 West 140th Street, through a colored real estate operator. Protests have been made against the use of the word "darky" by the white press when referring to Negroes. The Providence, R. I. Journal "regrets" that the word appeared in its columns, and the New York World "has given orders that the word shall not be used again." The nurse training school at Los Angeles, Cal., which has heretofore discriminated against colored nurses is now through the efforts of the local branch of the N. A. A. C. P. open to all. PERSONAL. MISS GENEVA JACKSON, of Radcliffe College, Cambridge, Mass., has been awarded a $200 scholarship for next year. Dr. B. A. Crichlow, of Charleston, W. Va., has been appointed superintendent of the State Tuberculosis Sanitarium. The funeral of Uncle Billy Robertson, a former slave, was held in the County Courthouse at Oneonta, Ala., and the business of the town was suspended during the service. The Mayor and members of the City Council insisted that his widow permit the town to bear the expenses of the funeral. Mrs. Rebecca L. Furr, founder and prin cipal of the Newport News Training School, Inc., is dead. She was a graduate of Fisk. Wilberforce University recently con ferred the following honorary degrees: LL.D.. Hon. W. H. Lewis, Boston, Mass.; Hon. Emmett J. Scott, Tuskegee Institute, Ala.; Prof. J. R. E. Lee, Kansas City, Mo.; Hon. George Wellington Ellis, Chicago, 111.; Colonel Charles Young, Wilberforce, Ohio. Professor C. F. Parr, Palestine, Texas, and Mrs. Mary McLeod Bethune, Daytona, Fla., were given the degree of M.A. I. Collins, of Lakewood, N. J., is the first colored mail carrier in the town. He stood second on the examination list. C W. G. Cromwell, a colored teacher at Etobicoke, Ontario, was given a gold watch by his white pupils at the end of his four and one-half years' service. Amos Edwards, a colored detective on the Philadelphia police force, is dead. He was a popular athlete. Mrs. Edward W. Blyden, widow of the noted African, is dead at the age of eighty-three years. The Newark Daily Ledger is giving a page to Negro news to be edited by R. A. Travis, of East Orange, formerly chief clerk in the testing department of the Croker Wheeler Company. The marriage of Miss Sallie Fisher, a teacher of Washington, D. C , to Dr. Harold G. Clark, is announced. Marie Dwyer, a colored nurse, saved an eight-year-old white girl from being accidentally burned to death in a bonfire in St. Louis, Mo. CRIME. THE following lynchings have taken place since our last record: Madill, Okla., June 29, L. McGill,. hanged for alleged attack upon a white woman. Ben Hur, Texas, July 27, Gene Brown, hanged for alleged assault on a white woman. Two other lynchings inadvertently omit ted from CRISIS records are: G. W. Lyeh, February 10, Estill Springs, Tenn., for aid ing an escaped murderer; Monroe, La., March 16, John Richards, for alleged attack upon a white woman. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER THE HAMPTON NORMAL AND AGRICULTURAL INSTITUTE Hampton, Virginia OVER 300 HAMPTONIANS ARE IN NATIONAL SERVICE The young men are under military discipline, and are formed into a battalion of six companies with student officers. The military system results in an erect carriage, prompt obedience, and respect for authority. OBJECT—Founded in 1868 by General Samuel C. Arm-strong to train selected youth who should go out to teach and train their people. The Institute was designed to instruct Negro youth in morality, industry, and thrift, as well as in earnest and practical Christianity. HAMPTON TODAY—An industrial village with 900 boardin g students; 1,100 acres; 140 buildings; instruction farm of 835 acres; and 200 teachers and workers. Hampton stands for a "sound body, a trained capacity, and an unselfish outlook on life." Hampton is on the State of Virginia list of approved four-year secondary schools. COURSES —Recently revised four-year courses in Teache r Training; Home Economics; Business; Agriculture; and 13 Trades. PRINCIPAL—James E. Gregg STATE OF NEW JERSEY Manual Training and Industrial School FOR COLORED YOUTH BORDENTOWN, N. J. A high institution for the training of colored youth, Excellent equipment, thorough instruction, wholesome surroundings, Academic training for all students. Courses in carpentry, agriculture and trades for boys. Courses in domestic science and domestic art for girls. A new trades building, thoroughly equipped. A new girls' dormitory will be completed October 1, 1918. Expenses reasonable. Term begins September 4, 1918. For information address W. R. VALENTINE, Principal Mention The Crisis. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Morgan College and Branches John O. Spencer, Ph.D., President. Wm, Pickens, LittD., LL.D., Vice President. MORGAN COLLEGE, Baltimore, Md. LOCATION: Central, in great college town between the North and South. POLICY: Co-educationaL COURSES: Four years with appropriate degrees. Elec tives to suit those preparing for professional study. Advanced courses in Education. Graduates receive certificates for elementary and high school teaching in the State. FACULTY: Composed of college and university trained men and women. NEW SITE: Forty acres of most beautiful scenery, stream, hill and forest. TERMS: Very reasonable. MORGAN ACADEMY, Baltimore, Md. LOCATION: In the suburbs of Baltimore on a beautiful campus. Healthful surroundings. COURSES: Preparatory, normal, agriculture, domestic science and art. Preparation for rural teaching. DORMITORIES: Well equipped and supervised. TERMS: Very moderate. PRINCIPAL: Lee M. McCoy, A. M. PRINCESS ANNE ACADEMY, Princess Anne, Md. (Eastern Branch Md. State College of Agr.) LOCATION: The famous Eastern Shore of Maryland. COURSES: Preparatory, normal, industrial, domestic sci ence and art, music. DORMITORIES: Carefully supervised; furnished. • TERMS: Free tuition: other expenses moderate. SUMMER SCHOOL: Prepares teachers specially for rural schools. Wednesday, June ?.6th to Thursday, August 1st. Courses prefessional and industrial. Thomas IT. Kiah, A.M., Principal. ALL SCHOOLS OPEN SEPTEMBER 23rd. 1918. Dormitories open Sept. 21, 1918. ^mii ji!.:iM-:iiiir :n'' • i .:• iiii, Jiiii .11!.. .iir .1!:: iir.iiii!; inn. | The Tuskegee Normal I | and Industrial Institute ( | Founded by Booker T. Washington | | An institution devoted to the training | |	 of young men and women. Courses in | j Agriculture, Teacher Training and forty j |	 trades. Exceptional opportunities for | |	 earnest students of limited means. | |	 Address: i | ROBERT R. MOTON, Principal, 1 | Tuskegee Institute, Alabama. ffijiiintiiiiiiiitMiiiiMUMiuiiiiiiiiiiiitiriiiiiuttiiiiiMJiiiiiiitriiiiiiiiijriiiiiiiiiciiiiiiiiijniiiiiir u Jiiiiiiiri tiiiiiiiuifiiiiiifrj^ THE FORT VALLEY HIGH AND INDUSTRIAL SCHOOL FORT VALLEY, GA. A Christian institution for Negro youth of both sexes, Healthful location, beautiful campus and farm of 90 acres. Modern buildings and strong faculty. Expenses moderate. The following courses are offered: Grammar School, Academy, Normal, Music, Business and Industries for boys and girls. Fall Term begins October 2, 1918. For further information write H. A. HUNT, Principal BIDDLE UNIVERSITY CHARLOTTE, N. C. Biddle University, operated under the auspices of the Northern Presbyterian Church, has four Departments—High School, Arts and Sciences Theological and Industrial. The completion of a Grammar School course is the requirement for entrance to the first year of the High School. The School of Arts and Sciences offers two courses of study, the Classical and the Scientific. In the scientific, German is substituted for Greek or Latin. The entrance requirement for the Freshman Class is 15 units of High School work. The Theological Department offers two courses, each consisting of three years. The first is purely English. Greek and Hebrew are taught in the others. All students in the High School Dept. are required to take trades in the Industrial Dept. For further information, address President H. L. McCrorey, Charlotte, N. C. J.	 BRICK AGRICULTURAL, INDUSTRIAL AND NORMAL SCHOOL BRICKS, Edgecombe County, N. C. (On A. C. L. R. R.) This School offers a first-class High School Course, including Domestic Science, Domestic Art, Agriculture, Work in Wood, Iron and Mechanical Drawing. Piano and Vocal Music, Night School. A Two Tear Teacher-Training Course Is Open To High School Graduates. Teachers and officers, 22; enrollment, 315— boarders, 212. Cottages and buildings, 23. School farm, 11291/2 acres. Strong athletic, literary and Christian associations. School term 33 weeks. Environment fine. Telephone and telegraph Enfield, N. C. For further information write T. S. INBORDEN, Principal, BRICKS, N. C. The AlcornA. &amp; M. College Alcorn, Mississippi State A. &amp; M. College for Negroes Departments: Academic, Agricultural and Mechanical; Strong Faculty, healthful location; terms reasonable. For catalog of information address, L.	 J. ROWAN, President, Alcorn, Mississippi. The New England Conservatory of Music Students' Club will give information to anyone coming to Boston to study music. Address the club Secretary Mrs. Estelle Ancrum Forster 74 W. Rutland Square Boston, Mass. Send stamp "JUST THE PLACE FOR YOUR GIRL" Daytona Normal and Industrial Institute for Negro Girls, Daytona, Fla. Beautiful location, ideal home life, fine, modern equipment. Courses include Kindergarten, Primary, Grammar, High, Normal, Vocational. Nurse Training at McLeod Hospital a specialty. Terms reasonable. Send for Catalog. MARY McLEOD BETHUNE, . --Principal. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 245 1888 1918 St. Paul Normal and Industrial School LAWRENCEVILLE, VA. Thirty -First Session OPENS SEPTEMBER 24, 1918 COURSES Primary, Grammar School, Normal, Industrial Graduates receive State High School Certificate which will admit to Standard Normal Schools and Colleges SUMMER SCHOOL FOR TEACHERS EXTENSIVE TRADE COURSES ENROLLMENT 1917-1918, 496 Athletic Training. Football, Baseball, Tennis, Etc. FULL COURSE IN MILITARY TRAINING For Catalog and Further information address Rev. James S. Russell, D. D., Principal LAWRENCEVILLE, VA. Virginia Union University RICHMOND, VA. Theological, College and Academy Courses A higher school of wide recognition for honest and thorough scholarships, for its successful debating teams, for its high cultural, moral and religious influence, for its fine library, equipment and buildings, fur the large number of leading preachers, teachers anil social workers among its graduates. Its premedical courses have recently been greatly strengthened. It lays special emphasis on its literary, social service and theological training. For further information address The President. HARTSHORN MEMORIAL COLLEGE RICHMOND, VIRGINIA A superior school for the separate, higher education of young women. Select Courses of study, Industrial, Music, Preparatory, Classical, Normal and College. Provides a pleasant home, careful culture and thorough training. Expenses very moderate. Send for Catalog to the President. Hale Infirmary and Nurse Training School 328 Lake Street, Montgomery, Alabama. Hale Infirmary School of Nursing offers to intelligent young women between the age of eighteen and thirty-five a three years' course in the profession of nursing. Students of this school are eligible to Alabama examinations for the degree of R. N. For farther information apply to the superintendent. A Training Camp for Colored Women FOR ' HOME DEFENSE TEN WEEKS Of Intensive Instruction I N WAR WORK at the NATION'S CAPITAL The Best Place in America to Understand the "Spirit" as Well as the "Letter" of This Fight to Make Democracy Safe for the World. COURSES Motor and Truck Driving- and Repairing-. First Aid and Home Service, Forewomen and Supervisors of Women's Work (Three Months) Welfare Superintendents (Three Months). Group Leaders Among Women Workers. Operation of Elevators. Bundle Wrapping. Operation of Power Machines. Printing-. Places Await OFFERED Repairing and Remodling- Clothes, Best Methods of Preparing and Conserving Food. Practical Housekeeping. Waiting in Public and Private Places. Cleaning and Care of Public Buildings. Home Gardening-. Canning and Drying. Stenography and Typewriting. the Qualified. For further information, address Miss Nannie H. Burroughs, President, the National Training School for Women and Girls, Lincoln Heights, Washington, D. C. Mention The CrisiS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER The War Department urges all Graduates of High Schools and Academies to Enlist and go to College Lincoln University, Pennsylvania, offers full Courses in Arts, Sciences, and Theology. The Students' Army Training Corps provides opportunity for probable completion of College Course and at the same time for preparation to meet the needs of the Army for highly trained men as Officers. All Departments open Tuesday, September 17, 1918. Address: Rev. J. B. Kendall, D.D., President, Lincoln University, P. O., Pennsylvania Bell Phone Spruce 1924 30-Day System Position Derrick Shorthand School Childs' Building 1435 Chestnut Street PHILADELPHIA Enroll Immediately to Hold Place in Class Send JOT Enrollment Blank, and information. Day and Evening Classes SPECIAL SUMMER COURSE THE STENOGRAPHERS' INSTITUTE 1227 S. 17th ST., PHILA., PA. Shorthand Typewriting Bookkeeping Our students pass Civil Service Examinations asily— trained by ex-postal employees School open for Typewriting all summer. Fall term opens October 1, 1918. Edward T. Duncan, President THE GEORGIA STATE INDUSTRIAL COLLEGE is regarded for natural scenery as having the most attractive campus in Georgia. Its location is healthful; it lias a good moral environment; its religious and intellectual atmosphere is wholesome and uplifting. Boys sent to this institution will get the best physical, religious and literary training. During the summer it has conducted a special Military Training Camp for a detachment of two hundred young soldiers. THE COURSES OF STUDY Grammar School: Grades from sixth to eight grade. High School: Grades from ninth to twelfth grade. College Course: Freshman, Sophomore, Junior, and Senior. Subjects: Mechanical, agricultural and literary. A trade for every student; girls given domestic science: cooking, sewing, dress-making and laundering. Persons completing the College course receive the degree of A. B. Diplomas are signed by the Chancellor of the University of Georgia and the President of the Georgia State College. The expenses of the school are moderate; in fact, lower than at any other Slate school of its grade. For catalog or other information, Address, President R. R. WRIGHT Georgia State Industrial College, Savannah, Ga. BEREAN MANUAL TRAINING AND INDUSTRIAL SCHOOL South College Ave. and N. 19th Street Phila., Pa. Fall Term and Twentieth Year opens Tuesday, October 1, 1918. Domestic Art, Industrial Art, Mechanical Art, Commercial and English. Sessions both day and evening. Age, sex or previous training no bar if applicant has good character. Years of honorable records and worthy traditions our trade-mark. Helpfulness our object. Efficiency our aim. Write or visit the School now. MATTHEW ANDERSON, Principal 1926 S. College Ave. Phila., Pa. STENOGRAPHERS WANTED All Races Prepare in the best school of it, kind In the State Subjects Shorthand, Typewriting, Bookkeeping, English, Pen manship, Civil Service Training, and SPANISH. COMMERCIAL CLASS Lenox Community Center—at PUBLIC SCHOOL 89 Lenox Avenue and 186th St., New York City. Open All Year—Four Evenings Weekly. Fitz W. Mottley, President, TEACHERSaliveagencyfurnishesthe connecting medium in a business way between teachers and schools and relieves teachers of the embarrassment of job hunting. We have had calls for teachers from Alabama, Arkansas, Delaware. District of Columbia, Florida, Georgia. Illinois. Indiana, Kansas. Kentucky, Maryland, Mississippi. Missouri, New York. North Carolina. Ohio. Oklahoma, Pennsylvania. Rhode Island, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia and West Virginia. THE MUTUAL TEACHERS' AGENCY 1498 New York Arena* Washington, D. C Mention THE CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER These Are Unusual Times These are unusual times! Every business and every household is obliged to adjust and readjust itself to the changed conditions brought on by the war. It is our duty to make such adjustments and such sacrifices as may be necessary that the war be won. Every atom of our strength should be placed back of the Government's program of raising the largest army in the shortest space of time. The Life Insurance business, along with all others, has found it necessary to place every resource of that business at the disposal of the Government. Standard Life Insurance Company has heeded the Country's Call to the limit of its ability and will continue to do so until the war is won and afterwards. There are 24 stars in our Service Flag. One of them is golden in memory of First Lieutenant Carter N. Brown, our former bookkeeper, the first colored officer to die in this war. Every department of the Home Office and every district in our Field Force has lost valuable men. W e gave them up cheerfully because our country needed them. Despite our losses of men, we wrote $2,730,972 paid-for business the first six months of the year. Our total insurance in force was $7,299,258 on June 30th. These are unusual times! STANDARD LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY Home Office ATLANTA, GEORGIA HEMAN E. PERRY, President HARRY H. PACE, Secretary-Treasurer Mention T HE C RISIS. THE CRISIS Southern Aid Society of Virginia Incorporated HOM E OFFICE: 527 NORTH SECOND STREET RICHMOND, VIRGINIA INSURES AGAINST SICKNESS, ACCIDENT AND DEATH Full Protection Against the Full Death Claims Emergencies of life. Paid After Death, Regardless of Amount of Benefits Perpetual Paying Drawn During Benefits on Account Life. of Sickness and Accidents. Over $5,000,000 Insurance in force. Over $1,000,000 paid to policyholders. Over $300,00 0 assets owned by the Society. Over 1,000 people employed by the Society. Over one-half million dollars annual business. You arc not finished without a Southern Aid Policy A. D. PRICE, THOS. M. CRUMP. B. L. JORDAN, President Secretary Assistant Secretary Mention TH E CRISIS. 249 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER THE NORTH CAROLINA MUTUAL AND PROVIDENT ASSOCIATION Home Office, DURHAM, N. CAROLINA The Oldest, Largest and Strongest Old Line Legal Reserve Negro Life Insurance Company in the World Abstract from Financial Statement for 1917 Shows: TotalTotal Income—1917 Disbursements—1917 $ 624,794.31  523,915.70 INCOMEAdmitted OVE R Assets DISBURSEMENTS $ 100,878.61  358,363.97 Liabilities (Including $258,918—Legal Reserve).. 270,801.51 Unassigned Funds (Surplus) 87,562.46 INSURANCE IN FORCE $11,157,472.00 $i3o,oqo.oo DEPOSITED WITH INSURANCE DEPARTMENTS For the Protection of the Policyholders Amount Paid in Claims Since Organization $1,736,504.50 Your Chance to Buy Stable Life Insurance from $500 to $5,000. POLICIES WITH ALL MODERN PROVISIONS, IN CLUDING A PERMANENT DISABILITY CLAUSE. John Merrick, President A. M. Moore, M. D., Sec'y and Treas. C. C. Spaulding, Vice-President and General Manager J. M. Avery, Assistant Gen'l Manager E. R. Merrick, Ass't Sec'y Mention The Crisis THE CRISIS ADVERTISER WHY NEW YORK REAL ESTATE GROWS IN VALUE When it is realized that the permanent increase in population of New York in one year was 400,000 equaling the population of Cleveland, Ohio, some idea of the tremendous growth of the city is appreciated.— National Magazine. PUT YOUR DOLLARS IN IMPROVED NEW YORK CITY REAL ESTATE You have heard of the Payton Apartments, Nos. 117-127-135 West 141st Street, and Nos. 130-140-148 West 142nd Street, New York City, the finest owned and controlled by colored people in the world, set aside for the tenantry of colored families. A proper idea of the magnitude of this proposition can be had only by taking into consideration that these houses cover a tract of over two and one-half acres, or thirty-three full city lots. These six large, modern, de luxe elevator apartment houses contain 306 apartments, 1466 rooms, and will house more than 1500 people. They were constructed at a cost of one and a half million dollars. The Payton Apartments Corporation, incorporated under the laws of the State of New York, with a capitalization of $250,000.00, was organized to take title to these valuable properties. The Directorate of the Corporation is made up of the following well known men: E. C. Brown, President, is a Banker and Real Estate Operator of Philadelphia, Pa. Andrew F. Stevens, Vice President, is a Banker and President of the Home Extension Insurance Association of Philadelphia. Emmett J. Scott, Secretary and Treasurer, is Secretary of Tuskegee, Alabama. He is also one of the Assistant Departmental Heads at Washington. W . H. C. Brown, Director, is an Investment Banker, Washington. D. C. Heman E. Perry, Director, is President of the Standard Life Insurance Co., Atlanta, Ga. W e have published a little booklet, illustrated, telling all about this remarkable proposition. It tells how for as small a sum as five dollars a month for a few months you can become a part owner in the largest real estate proposition in the world undertaken by Negroes. Send for Booklet today. It is free for the asking. E. C. BROWN COMPANY Investment Securities 427 S. BROAD STREET PHILADELPHIA, PA. Mention T HE CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 25l $20 to $30 Per Week being made selling our new book "Progress and Achievements of the Colored People" by Prof. Kelly Miller, showing the wonderful doings and new opportunities of our race; low prices, many pictures, lightning seller; Price, $1.96; ask for terms, write for outfit 25 cents. AUSTIN JENKINS CO., 523 Ninth Street Washington, D. C. Prof. G. A. Goodman, Treas., Mississippi M. &amp; I, College. Writes: "I have sold 170 Progress of Colored People, sold 32 in one day, went out on a two day trip and sold 50." NEGRO SOLDIER IN OUR WAR (NEW BOOK) Tells all about the war; it is fair to Colored people; everyone buys: a tremendous seller. Price only $1.85; agents making $8 to $15 per day. Send 25 cents for agents' outfit. AUSTIN JENKINS CO., The large publisher of Negro boohs 523 Ninth St., Washington, D. C. Colored Man No Slacker Picture in bright colors 16 by 20 inches or a big 14 by 11 inch pic ture of Kelly Miller mailed for twenty-five cents, or put in to each book buyer and agent for ten cents extra. GET IN WITH A LIVE COMPANY MAKE THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS PROF. KELLY MILLER. AUTHOR, HOWARD UNIVERSITY, WASHINGTON, D . C. Dean Miller's Picture 11x14 Given with the book, or Picture mailed for 25c Mention TH E CRISIS. 252 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Inform yourself as to THE EXODUS OF THE NEGROES By Reading Dr. Carter G. Woodson's A CENTURY OF NEGRO MIGRATION 220 Pages Price $1.10 This book is unique in that it is the first and only scientific treatise in this field. It undertakes to explain why the Negroes have migrated, where they have gone and what they have done. Agents wanted everywhere 1216 You Street, N. W. THE NEGRO IN AMERICAN HISTORY Contains 296 Pages, 15 Chapters, Historical and Biographical, 17 Full Page Illustrations Printed on Fine Antique Book, Bound in Full Green Extra Cloth, Gold Title on Front Cover and Shelf Back. Price, net $1.25. Postage Prepaid $1.40. Order through any bookseller or direct from the author. Address JOHN W. CROMWELL 1439 Swann St. Washington, D. C. STEWARD'S "HAITIAN REVOLUTION" —Praised by distinguished Haitians "No more interesting book has been written."—Army and Navy Register. The book that every young colored man should read Price $1.25 net Address T. G. Steward, Wilberforce, Ohio or the CRISIS, 70-5th Ave., New York City Send all orders to the author Washington, D. C. Atlanta University Studies of the Negro Problems 20 Monographs Sold Separately Address ATLANTA UNIVERSITY CONFERENCE ATLANTA UNIVERSITY :: ATLANTA, GA. The Curse of Race Prejudice By James F. Morton, Jr., A. M An aggressive exposure by an Anglo-Saxon champion of equal rights. Startling facta and crushing arguments. Fascinating reading. A necessity for clear understanding and up-to-date propaganda. Belongs in the library of every friend of social justice Price 25 cents. Send order to JAMES F. MORTON, JR. 3llWest 138th Street New York, N. Y. $25.00 PER WEEK may be made in commissions by parties handling "History of Negro Soldiers in Spanish-American War" combined with "History of the Negro Race." 400 pages, 50 illustrations. Price $1.25 net Addrcss: E. A. JOHNSON 134 Nassau Street NEW YORK Mention THE Crisis. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER ROLAND w. HAYES. Tenor RECITALS CONCERTS ORATORIO OPERA His voice is rich, pure, free and gracefully lyric; lends itself easily to dramatic passages. Not only has he A voice that many might envy, he also has the gift of inter pretation. He catches almost instinctly the mood of the poet and composer.— Phillip Hale, in Boston HERALD. He combines A pleasing and well trained voice, particularly well used, with notable ability to express the meaning of his songs, excellent enunciation and LOVE for HIS art.— Boston TRAVELER. ADDRESS:	 130 BOYLSTON ST.. BOSTON. MASS. LULA ROBINSON-JONES Soprano Available for Concerts Telephone 6393 Morningside 126 W. 134th Street New York City FLORENCE-COLE TABLERT Soprano "SH E	 HAS ONE OF THE BEST VOICES THAT GOD HAS GIVEN HER RACE."—LOS ANGELES Times. "SPECIAL PRAISE MUST BE GIVEN MRS. FLORENCE TALBERT WHO BESIDE HER NATURAL GIFT HAS ALREADY REACHED A HIGH PLANE OF professional accuracy."—HERMAN DEVRIES IN Chicago A merican. ENGAGEMENTS ACCEPTED FOR CONCERTS. RECITALS. ORATORIO 659 28TH STREET, DETROIT, MICH. Wm.	 H. Richardson, Baritone CONCERTS RECITALS Mr. Richardson is blessed by nature, bis voice is resonant. Arm, commanding. He sings fluently and with marked authority.—Philip Hale. Mr. Richardson has a voice of power and richness. His articulation was faultless, and his work proved him to be a gifted and finished artist.— International Informer, Detroit, Mich. 33 Humboldt Ave.. Boston. Mass. Clarence Cameron White VIOLINIST "Critics are one in their high estimate of the splendid attainments of Clarence Cameron White and his Con cert appearance in your city means the musical event of the season." For terms and dates address 616 COLUMBUS AVENUE BOSTON, MASS. COLUMBIA CONSERVATORY OF MUSIC At a standard equal to any of its kind Fall Term opens September 16, 1918 Judge Robert H. Terrell, Municipal Court, District of Columbia, greatest living colored jurist, Bays: "Mr. Adams and his conservatory are doing a splendid work and deserves the support of the rare." Mr. R. W. Thompson, famous newspaper writer, says: The Columbia Conservatory has forged its way to the front, is doing a wonderful work and the people should and will stand by it." Strong Faculty Wellington A. Adams, Mrs. Norah M. Diuguid, President' Social Secretary. Mrs. Marie Jumper, Mrs. Lena if. Ware. Juvenile Department. Organist 10th St. Choir. W.	 G. Braxton, Edward Baker. Organist Met. A. M. E. Ch. of Kansas City, Violin. Department of Elocution Miss Henrietta Vinton Davis, Director. Internationally famous in the United Slates, West Indies, Central and South America as a reader. Mrs. Anna Lee Slade, Assistant Director, favorably known as a playwright. Departments—Juvenile, Elementary, Intermediate, Graduate. Artist, Teacher's Course and Elocution. RolandW. Hayes Phonograph Records 1.	 SWING LOW, SWEET CHARIOT ... . $1.50 Negro Spiritual HARRY T. BURLEIGH 2.	 VESTI LA GIUBBA (Put on your smock) . . 2.00 From "Pagliacci " Orchestral Accompaniment LEONCAVALLO 3.	 TWILIGHT ... . 1.00 KATHERINE A. GLEN 4.	 STEAL AWAY TO JESUS 1.50 Negro Spiritual Orchestral Accompaniment J. ROSAMOND JOHNSON 5.	 UNA FURTIVA LAGRIMA (A Furtive Tear) . . 1.50 From "Elisir d' Amore" Orchestral Accompaniment DONIZETTI 6. I	 HEAR YOU CALLING ME	 1.25 MARSHALL 7.	 BY AND BY 1.50 HARRY T. BURLEIGH The records are manufactured by the Columbia Graphophone Co., and can be played on any disc talking machine. Make checks, money orders and drafts payable to Roland W. Hayes. Address : ROLAND W. HAYES 130 Boylston Street Courses— Piano. Vocal Culture, Violin. Organ. Composition. String Instruments. Pub. Sch. Music, etc. Boston, Mass. Choral Club—Music, Literary and Social Activities. Recitals. Address: 1011 Ninth Street, Northwest, Washington, D. C. Mention	 TH E CRISIS. 254	 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Mme C. J. Walker's PREPARATION SFOR THE HAIR Worth more than it costs The culmination of the genius r of Mme C. J. Walker is her wonderful Hair Grower and in itself is a wonderful creation for dandruff and falling hair. In fact, it invigorates dry and lifeless hair, stimulates circulation, thereby causing a new growth. Mme C.J. Walker's* Preparations Vegetable Shampoo. A splendid food and thor are all now packed in SQUARE YELLOW BOXES ough cleanser for the scalp ^ and hair. Has a healing effect with Mme. C. J. Walker's Seal and Signature on a sore scalp, in fact Is excellent for removing on each outside package, which is YOUR GUARANTEE dandruff . J^7I~. .. ALL Mme. C.J. WALKER'S 	THERE is nothing Inventions are reimaginary about the liable because, they reWorld-Wide Fame of store: and beautify the Mme. C. J. Walker's hair without injury to the Ultra-Quality Preparascalp and are used and tions. None genuine endorsed by thousands of without Mme. C. J. WalHair Dressers, Scalp Speker's seal and signature. cialists, throughout the country, known as the We have ; gone to a great Walker Hair Dressers, 	deal of expense to put these preparations up in new yellow having a diploma from cardboard boxes, sealed with the Lelia College of Hair the Walker trade-mark as a Culture which signifies guarantee that you are getting Mme. C. J, ^Walker's system. the genuine Mme.C. J. Walker Teller Salve. One Preparations which are "worth Leila College and Walker Hair Parlor of the best 110 W. l36th St.,New York more than they cost.. known cures for For Mail Orders and Information Address dandruff, tetter and eczema makes a friend Mme. C. J. Walker M'f'g Co., once used if Main Office, 640 N. West Street, Indianapolis, Ind. afflicted with this skin disease. Scientific, Thorough, and Practical. Temple Grower. Recommended highly from those who have used it for growing hair on the temples or bald spots. Endorsed by thousands ' of hair dressers throughout U.S.A Glossine. Only to be used in dressing I the hair and it will make short harsh \ hair behave and stay In place if used at directed at the same time imparts a beautiful gloss to the hair Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER AGENTS MAKE BIG MONEY Kashmir Preparations for Hair and Skin are the fastest selling articles of their kind on the market Because: They've got the quality They are put up in handsome, attractive jars They win re-orders. Everyone who uses Kashmir buys again and tells other friends about it. We make our agents such a big liberal money making offer. 100% Special offer including KASHMIR AGENT'S DISPLAY CASE Kashmir Chemical Co. Write for it today. 	Dept. C. 312 S. Clark St. CHICAGO, ILL. We	 want a representative in every town to teach Kash mir Health and Beauty Courses. We will show you how to earn a big salary. Barnett Advertising Service. WE ARE NOW GIVING THE COURSE BY CORRESPONDENCE Special price for sixty days only $15.00, payable $10.00 with application and $5.00 when diploma is granted. Send $1.00 for thirty days' trial treatment.. We teach only one person in a town, she teaches the rest. Our graduated agents are making money. DERMO COLLEGE CO. 4118 S. STATE ST. CHICAGO, ILL // It Is For Your LodgeWE HAVE IT! We manufacture Lodge Regalia for every Fraternal Society. Cash or Installment Plan. Cheapest Badge House in the Country. Catalogue for your Society FREE . CENTRAL REGALIA CO. The Negro Regalia House. JOS. L.JONES. Pres . N.	 E. Cor. 8th &amp; Plum Cincinnati Ohio Mention THE CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Your Gold Tooth Polished Your White Teeth Bleached BY USING DR. WELTERS' ANTISEPTIC -TOOTH POWDER- Absolutely Free From Grit &amp; Acid And Prevents Decay BRANCH OFFICES 436 Lenox Ave.. New York City 1425 Penna. Ave.. Baltimore, Md M. L. Smith, Distributing Agent J H Bishop. Agent &amp; Jobber Ask your druggist. If he hasn't got it, ask him to order it for you. Send 15 Cents in Stamps for a full size 30 Cent can. The E. A. Welters' Tooth Powder Co., Inc. ST. AUGUSTINE, FLA. The Largest and Only Tooth Powder Manufacturing Corporation Owned and Controlled by Negroes in the United Slates A Rare Honor For A Negro Book By authority of Congress, our book "A Tribute for the Negro Single Soldier," written by J. E. Bruce, (Bruce Grit) has been made one of the public records. W e are pleased to announce its Copy steady sale in all parts of the country and in foreign lands. 25c There remains territory for several good agents however. Write for terms to BRUCE and FRANKLIN, Publishers 1309 E. 18th Street Kansas City, Mo. PATRIOTIC NEGRO PICTURES Tried and True Get the Kaiser Good Bye,. Dad. These are 3 of a series of 8 beautiful post cards showing the Negro in the War. Send 10c. for full set and send cheer to your Soldier. Beautiful Pictures for the Home, SPECIAL OFFER: We will send 1 picture "Tried and True." 11x14; 1 picture "True Blue." 10x12- both in colors and ready for framing and the full set of Patriotic post cards for 40c. Live, hustling agents make real money on these. Write Quick, JULIAN R. MILLER, Jr. 1201 SPRUCE STREET. PHILADELPHIA. PA. Mention T HE C RISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER	 257 THE BIG FOUR BOX TON BOOKS For Cooks, Waiters and Waitresses are needed in every hotel where education, culture and refinement are appreciated and truly esteemed. THE BROADWAY CHEF—SALAD BOOK—$2,00. THE BON TON WAITER—$1,00—NOW ON SALE. As Paris became the center of the French culenaire and Athens the home of the Greek epicunes, so New York, the great American catering center, became the seat of an American cuisine which will in time finally equal, it not excel, the tame which Gourmets gave to Athens, Paris and other centers of high-class cooking, serving ami waiting. DALLAS GURLEY,QuarterofacenturycateredtoNewYork's"400"exclusively 436 Lenox Avenue, New York City 100 CALLING CARDS 50 CENTS HOTEL WASHINGTON Calling and Business cards are good sellers at all First-Class Service for First-Class People 	reasons of the year. Liberal commissions. Write for samples and agent's terms. 3427 South Park Avenue, Chicago, Ill. The House of Chowning, Indianapolis, Ind. Open June 20th. Closed September 10th. TH E OCEAN HOUSE Sea Isle City, N. J. This hotel is right on the ocean front. It has wide porches. large conservatory dining room where one has a beautiful view of the ocean while dining. Every room opens on the ocean. Special rates for July. Mrs. Lucy Lee. proprietor, 5 Plain St., Elmhurst, L. I. Address after June 1st, Ocean House, Sea Isle City, N. J. Bell telephone connection. HOTEL DALE CAPE MAY, N. J. Comfort and Elegance without Extravagance This Magnificent Hotel, Located in the Heart of the Most Beautiful Seashore Resort in the World, is replete with every modern improvement, superlative in construction, appointments, service and refined patronage. Orchestra daily, garage, bath houses, tennis, etc., on premises. Special attention given to ladies and children. Send for booklet. E. W. DALE, Owner BUSTS OF Booker T. Washington, Fred Douglass, Paul Lawrence Dunbar, Bishop Richard Allen. $1.50 each. The 4 busts for $5.00. Agents wanted. Send at once. THE ISAAC HATHAWAY ART CO. 718 S. HICKORY ST.. PINE BLUFF. ARK. SPEND YOUR VACATION AT Beautiful Idlewild The most wonderfully Ideal spot where young and old cast aside for the time all the cares and worries of their strenuous, nerve racking routine lives and romp and play once more as children and enjoy to the full nature in all her wondrous glory. The waters of the lake and surrounding trout streams are fairly teeming with game fish of the best varieties. Do you enjoy bathing, boating, fishing, hunting! Do you enjoy roaming through the woods picking wild flowers and wild berries ? Do you want a place to go where you can build up your health, vitality, energy and business efficiency ? Do you enjoy mingling with the active, thinking progressive people of the day—people who do things! &lt; Do you believe In progress and do you want to /have a part In one of the most progressive move-* ments of the time? Surely! # Then you will be Interested In, and want to own a lot of your own In Beautiful Idlewild . Michigan. If you act at once you can se-. cure a beautiful lot for only $24 50 each • / $6.00 cash; $1.00 per week. When your', payments are completed the lot will be /transferred to you by an absolute . warranty deed with abstract showing / clear title.	 / Good live energetic agents wanted Idlewild Resort Company, 1110 Hartford, Bldg., Chicago, Ill. Gentlemen: Without cost to me please send me the full particulars regarding Idlewild. Idlewild Resort Name Company / Address State Write Plainly 1110 Hartford Bldg., So. Dearborn St. Chicago, Ill. Ar-^ Mention TH E CRISIS. 258 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER WEST PHILADELPHIA BEAUTIFUL PORCH TO WIN THE WAR An address sent to President Wilson and other notable men by J. N. Samuels-Belboder Vicar of St. Margaret's Episcopal Church, Dayton Ohio Price: Single copies 10c. To Agents 7c. Highly recommended for Governors, Judges, Educators, Libraries, Schools and kindred institutions. Address: 335 Norwood Av., Dayton, O. Mrs. M, Watson Kudd, 47 West 42d Street New York City has placed upon the market her new ROSE NINON NT/FEET POWDER. It is especially recommended for soldiers, clerks, rail road and factory employees, dancers and all person who are required to stand or walk to any extent. Agents Wanted—Write for particulars. Luminous paint makes objects visible in the dark by applying same as ordinary paint. Lummating clock dials that tell time in the dark. Luminatmg match boxes find your matches in the dark. Send 25c. for sample. Agents wanted. Write for terms. Manufactured by Bailey &amp; Anderson 2116 Oakford St., Philadelphia, Pa. SUNSHINE COTTAGE REST HOME FOR WOMEN Ideal place for a vacation. Sanitary, Home like, Quiet. Terms reasonable. Address (Mrs.) Corrinna M. Phillips, R. N. 171 King Street SPRINGFIELD, MASs. $1.00 Pants Not $1.00. not even 50c, not one cent cost to youunder our easy conditions. No extra charge for fancy, swell styles, no extra charge for extra big, extreme peg-top« pearl buttons, tunnel or fancy belt loops, no extra charge for anything, all FREE. Before you take another order, before you buy a suit or pants ^ get our samples and new offer. Agents of other tailoring houses please write, we have a new deal that will open your eyes. We ask every man to answer this, every boy in long pants, every man, everywhere. No matter where you live or what you do, write us a letter or postal and say "Send Me Your New Free Offer" the big, new different tailoring deal. Costs nothing and no extra charges. Write today, this minute. Address KNICKERBOCKER TAILORING CO. Dept. 676 Chicago. ILL FRONT HOMES FOR SALE Respectable families who are particular and de sire to live in a nice locality; every modern con venience. Very low terms arranged. Inspection invited, J. ADAMS, JR., 5815 Market St., Philadelphia. AGENTS WANTED Men, women and High School boys to sell the most beautiful patriotic picture ever made for colored people, "Colored Man is no Slacker," 16 x 20, live beautiful colors. You can coin money with this. Every home will want it Agents selling 50 to COO each per day. Over 200% profit. Also to sell Memorial Edition of the "Life and Works of Booker T. Washington." Complete picture and outfit mailed for 25c. in stamps. HUSE SALES COMPANY, ATLANTA. GA. Telephone, Baring 7794 ISADORE MARTIN Real Estate an d Insurance Notary Publi c Mortgages 6 North 42nd Street, Philadelphia, Pa. .l„ v /Central 104-W Telephone.: { M T ain 61 HARRY E. DAVIS ATTORNEY-AT-LAW NOTARY Public 1607 Williamson Building Cleveland, Ohio General Practice Notary Public WILLIAM R. MORRIS ATTORNEY AND COUNSELLOR-AT-LA W 818 Metropolitan Life Building Minneapolis Minn. BROWN S. SMITH ATTORNEY-AT-LAW Offices: Suite 802 Sykes Block Near Third and Hennepin Minneapolis Minn. Tel. 5437 Fort Hill Cable Address, Epben EDGAR P. BENJAMIN ATTORNEY AND COUNSELLOR-AT-LAW 34 School Street Boston, Mass Telephone Connection W Ashbie Hawkins George W. P. McMechen HAWKINS &amp; McMECHEN ATTORNEYS-AT-LAW 21 East Saratoga Street Baltimore, Md. Patents secured on easy terms Write for particulars. JOS. H. STEWART, Attorney-at-Law, 494 Louisiana Ave., N.W., Washington, D. C. Telephone Greeley 4214 Established 1911 BRANIC'S New York and Brooklyn Express Daily Trips to Harlem 212 WEST 35th STREET ANDREW J. BRAN1C New York City AGENTS $60 WEEKLY Robinson Folding Bath tub. big seller. Costs little, no plumbing, little water. Weight 15 pounds, folds into small roll. Full length baths, far better than tin tubs. Guaranteed 10 years. $10 a day easily made. Write for free tub offer. Robinson Cabinet mfg. Co. 4874 Factories Bldg. Toledo, Ohio Mention TH E CRISIS. A Selected List of Books These prices do not include postage. Postage extra. HAZEL. (Mary White Ovington) $1.00 THE AMERICAN CAVALRYMAN. (Henry F. Downing) 1.50 NORRIS WRIGHT CUNEY. (Maud Cuney Hare) 1.50 THE LIFE AND TIMES OF BOOKER T. WASHINGTON. (B. F. Riley) 1.50 A NARRATIVE OF THE NEGRO. (Leila Amos Pendleton) 1.50 SOULS OF BLACK FOLK. (W. E. B. DU Bois) 1.25 A CENTURY OF NEGRO MIGRATION. (Carter G. Woodson) 1.10 RACE ADJUSTMENT. (Kelly Miller) 2.00 HISTORY OF THE NEGRO. (B. G. Brawley) 1.25 THE NEGRO MIGRANT IN PITTSBURGH. (Abraham Epstein).. .50 GRANNY MAUMEE AND OTHER PLAYS FOR A NEGRO THEATRE. (Ridgely Torrence) 1.50 HALF A MAN. (Mary White Ovington) 1.00 AFTERMATH OF SLAVERY. (William Sinclair) 1.50 M Y LIFE AND WORK. (Bishop Alexander Walters) 1.50 FIFTY YEARS AND OTHER POEMS. (James Weldon Johnson).. 1.25 JOHN BROWN. (W. E. B. DU Bois) 1.25 NEGRO IN AMERICAN HISTORY. (J. W. Cromwell) 1.25 PRINCE HALL AND HIS FOLLOWERS. (George W. Crawford).. 1.00 THE HAITIAN REVOLUTION. (T. G. Steward) 1.25 NEGRO CULTURE IN WEST AFRICA. (George W. Ellis) 2.00 THE NEGRO. (W. E. B. DU Bois) 60 THE EDUCATION OF THE NEGRO PRIOR TO 1861. (Carter G. Wood son) 2.00 FACTS OF RECONSTRUCTION. (John R. Lynch) 1.50 LIFE AND LETTERS OF COLERIDGE-TAYLOR. (W. C. Berwick- Sayers) 2.25 POEMS OF PAUL LAURENCE DUNBAR 2.00 AFRO-AMERICAN FOLKSONGS. (H. E. Krehbiel) 2.00 OUT OF THE HOUSE OF BONDAGE. (Kelly Miller) 1.50 BOOKER T. WASHINGTON. (Emmett J. Scott and Lyman Beecher Stowe) 2.00 Address, THE CRISIS :: 70 Fifth Avenue, New York KASHMIR PREPARATIONS FOR HAIR AND SKIN " They Can't be Beat " Our new colored officers are as gallant and dashing and game a set as ever wore a puttee. They've a keen eye for beauty, too. Of course KASHMIR GIRLS arc the ones who attract them. There is something pleasing about the woman who has clear, smooth skin and soft, pretty hair which wins everybody's instant admiration. Learn the "KASHMIR WAY " to beautiful hair and skin. No matter what von have used before, you'll find KASHMIR better. You can always tell a KASHMIR GIRL Learn bow to be beautiful. Send for new edition de-luxe beauty book—richly illustrated—tells all about the KASHMI R WAY . Write today for free copy. Agents Wanted. KASHMIR COMPANY, Dept. K, 312 S. Clark St., Chicago, Ill. Barnett Advertising Service.