The Seven Arts 1.5 (1917-03) THE SEVEN ARTS IMPRESSIONS OF JACK LONDON By Frank Pease MARCH, 1917 25 Cents NOTES ON NAMES Sherwood Anderson has already published two of his Winesburg stories in The Seven Arts. He is one of the significant new men out of the West. William Rose Benet is a poet who has several volumes to his credit. The latest is entitled "The Great White Wall." Ernest Bloch, the Swiss composer, was the subject of a critical article by Paul Rosenfeld in the February issue. Alfred Booth Kuttner is a student of the Freudian psychology, who is applying the new analysis to aesthetics. D. H. Lawrence, author of "Sons and Lovers," is one of the most important men now writing in England. Fear of suppression has prevented the publication in this country of his latest novel, "The Rainbow." Edna Wahlert McCourt is winning a place among western writers with her poignant social comedy. Frank Pease is a contributor to current periodicals. Alice Raphael is a young poet and critic. She lives in New York. Maurice Relonde disguises under this name a young man active in dramatic things and versed in medieval lore. Carl Sandburg is a Chicago poet and a poet of Chicago. Joel Elias Spingarn is a publicist and critic who has been professor of Comparative Literature at Columbia. Harold Stearns, of the staff of The New Republic, has for some time written literary and dramatic criticism. The editor of a popular magazine writes us: "I stopped reading the 'better class’ magazines some years ago because I found them rather sad. When analyzed, their superiority consists only of the quality of the paper on which they are printed; consequently I retired to the 'popular’ regions, where people at least know what a story is, though they may not worry themselves about its intellectuality. At times I have looked into the 'different’ magazines only to find that they are the concoctions of epigrammatic children and intellectual incompetents—little groups of serious thinkers. "But at last we have a magazine—The Seven Arts! I feel in my bones that your secret motto is art for the people’s sake, and not art for art’s sake. I am sure thousands of people will be delighted with your publication. More power to you! " Is The Seven Arts yours in spirit? Make it yours in fact. Pin a dollar bill to this coupon and we will send you The Seven Arts for six months. Subscribers may renew or extend their subscriptions at the same rate. The Seven Arts 132 Madison Ave. New York City I enclose $1.00 (Canadian $1.25) for six months subscription (to renew my subscription). Name _ Address_____________ NO matter how much one pays for fashionable garments, they are only rented for the season, for one isn’t allowed to wear them any longer. A Bertha Holley garment, rationally designed and artistically selected so as to enhance the wearer both by color and line, is not merely owned, since it stands serenely apart from the whirl of styles, but its possession becomes ever more intimate and precious, like a friendship which cultivates one’s most estimable self BERTHA HOLLEY Twenty-one East Forty-ninth Street, New York City Telephone: Plaza 1495 EMILY ROCKWOOD DECORATOR OF TEXTILES FOR COSTUMES AND INTERIOR D E COR ATI O NS 291 FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK Telephone. 8304 MADISON SQUARE Frederick KEPPEL&amp;CO ETCHINGS BY REMBRANDT WHISTLER MERYON HADEN, ZORN AND OTHER MASTERS ON EXHIBITION IN OUR GALLERIES 4EAST 39thST.NEWYORK The Daffodil Dining Room Reasonable 22 West 47th St. New York Telephone Bryant 2094 Breakfast Luncheons Tea Dinner THE SEVEN ARTS MARCH, 1917. PAGE The Thimble ......... d. h. Lawrence	435 A Delightful Legend.......Maurice relonde	449 "Mother" .........sherwood anderson	452 America...........james Oppenheim	462 The Race.........william rose benet	472 Grass ........... carl sandburg	474 The Truth........edna wahlert McCourt	475 Man and Music......... ernest bloch	493 Editorials ....................504 The Seven Arts and The Seven Confusions . JOEL elias spingarn	507 A Poor Thing, But Our Own.....harold stearns	515 Impressions of Jack London..... frank pease	522 The Art of Kahlil Gibran...... alice Raphael	531 Toward a National Culture......van wyck brooks	535 The Seven Arts Chronicle............548 The Artist: A Communication . . . ALFRED BOOTH KUTTNER	549 Cover Design by Rollo Peters Subscription price, payable in advance, in the United States and Territories, $2.50 per year; Canada, $3.00; Foreign, $3.50. Published monthly on the first, and copyrighted, 1917, by The Seven Arts Pub. Co., Inc. All subscriptions filled from the New York office. The Seven Arts Publishing Co. reserves the right to reject any subscription taken contrary to its selling terms and to refund the unexpired credit. Manuscripts must be submitted at author’s risk, with return postage. Entered as second class matter at the New York Post Office. Address all subscriptions and business communications to THE SEVEN ARTS PUBLISHING CO., INC., 132 Madison Ave., N. Y. A. K. Rankine, President	James Oppenheim, Vice-President Arthur M. Reis, Secretary	A. J. Leverton, Business Manager MAKERS of the 19th CENTURY Biographies of men of all countries who have had a definite influence on the 19th century. ABRAHAM LINCOLN By Lord Charnzvood "In many respects the best of the biographies yet produced."—Nation. 2nd edition just ready DELANE OF THE TIMES By Sir Edward Cook "In its human interest and its graphic power of character-delineation the book may be compared to Thayer’s ‘Life of John Hay’." —Literary Digest Just Ready HERBERT SPENCER By Hugh Elliott PORFIRIO DIAZ By David Hannay Each with Portrait. 8 vo. $2.00 Net. CREATIVE INTELLIGENCE By John Dewey and others $2.00 net. This book should appeal to philosophers as being the first considered pronunciamento of the pragmatists as a school, and to the public at large as linking philosophy, so far too remote, with the life of every man and of every day. THE PHILOSOPHY OF WILLIAM JAMES By T. Flournoy. Translated by Edwin B. Holt and Wm. James, Jr. $1.30 net. This is the authorized translation of what is, perhaps, the best critical study of William James yet written. The book contains just enough biographical material to give unity to a discussion of opinions and creeds always in in process of development, and is otherwise an exposition, clear and distinguished in style. The translation is the work of men who were intimate with James, both personally and professionally. Writers of the Day	New Books, 60 cents Each Critical estimates of the works of famous authors and accounts of their lives, written while they are yet alive, and done by fellow craftsmen of a younger generation distinguished for imaginative work. Each  volume with portrait and bibliography. H. G. WELLS	HENRY JAMES By J. D. Beresford	By Rebecca West THOMAS HARDY	JOSEPH CONRAD By Harold Child	By Hugh Walpole ANOTOLE FRANCE	RUDYARD KIPLING By W. L. George	By John Palmer ARNOLD BENNETT	JOHN GALSWORTHY By F. J. Harvey Darton	By Sheila Kaye-Smith Padraic Colum’s WILD EARTH AND OTHER POEMS Mr. Colum’s poems generally deal with Irish life—he gives types of the settled and of the wandering folk with such songs as they might sing out of their reveries or their occupations. $1.25 net Robert Frost’s MOUNTAIN INTERVAL By the author of " North of Boston," "A Boy’s Will." Mr. Frost, again writes of rural New England to express more than New England. The new volume, however, marks a performance beyond that of the earlier books.	$1.25 net Walter de la Mare’s THE LISTENERS There is magic in these poems,—a magic that lies not so much in what Mr. de la Mare says, as the voice and gesture that accompanies it.	$1.20 net HENRY HOLT &amp; COMPANY 34 West 33rd St. The Thimble By D. H. Lawrence SHE had not seen her husband for ten months, not since her fortnight’s honeymoon with him, and his departure for France. Then, in those excited days of the early war, he was her comrade, her counterpart in a sort of Bacchic revel before death. Now all that was shut off from her mind, as by a great rent in her life. Since then, since the honeymoon, she had lived and died and come to life again. There had been his departure to the front. She had loved him then. "If you want to love your husband," she had said to her friends, with splendid recklessness, "you should see him in khaki." And she had really loved him, he was so handsome in uniform, well-built, yet with a sort of reserve and remoteness that suited the neutral khaki perfectly. Before, as a barrister with nothing to do, he had been slack and unconvincing, a sort of hanger-on, and she had never come to the point of marrying him. For one thing they neither of them had enough money. Then came the great shock of the war, his coming to her in a new light, as lieutenant in the artillery. And she had been carried away by his perfect calm manliness and significance, now he was a soldier. He seemed to have gained a fascinating importance that made her seem quite unimportant. It was she who was insignificant and subservient, he who was dignified, with a sort of indifferent lordliness. So she had married him, all considerations flung to the wind, and had known the bewildering experience of their [435] The Thimble fortnight’s honeymoon, before he left her for the front. And she had never got over the bewilderment. She had, since then, never thought at all, she seemed to have rushed on in a storm of activity and sensation. There was a home to make, and no money to make it with: none to speak of. So, with the swift, business-like aptitude of a startled woman, she had found a small flat in Mayfair, had attended sales and bought suitable furniture, had made the place complete and perfect. She was satisfied. It was small and insignificant, but it was a complete unity. Then she had had a certain amount of war-work to do, and she had kept up all her social activities. She had not had a moment which was not urgently occupied. All the while came his letters from France, and she was writing her replies. They both sent a good deal of news to each other, they both expressed their mutual passion. Then suddenly, amid all this activity, she fell ill with pneumonia and everything lapsed into delirium. And whilst she was ill, he was wounded, his jaw smashed and his face cut up by the bursting of a shell. So they were both laid by. Now, they were both better, and she was waiting to see him. Since she had been ill, whilst she had lain or sat in her room in the castle in Scotland, she had thought, thought very much. For she was a woman who was always trying to grasp the whole of her context, always trying to make a complete thing of her own life. Her illness lay between her and her previous life like a dark night, like a great separation. She looked back, she remembered all she had done, and she was bewildered, she had no key to the puzzle. Suddenly she realized that she knew nothing of this man she had married, he knew nothing of her. What she had of him, vividly, was the visual image. She could see him, the whole of him, in her mind’s eye. She could remember him with peculiar distinctness, as if the [436] D. H. Lawrence whole of his body were lit up by an intense light, and the image fixed on her mind. But he was an impression, only a vivid impression. What her own impression was, she knew most vividly. But what he was himself : the very thought startled her, it was like looking into a perilous darkness. All that she knew of him was her own affair, purely personal to her, a subjective impression. But there must be a man, another being, somewhere in the darkness which she had never broached. The thought frightened her exceedingly, and her soul, weak from illness, seemed to weep. Here was a new peril, a new terror. And she seemed to have no hope. She could scarcely bear to think of him as she knew him. She could scarcely bear to conjure up that vivid image of him which remained from the days of her honeymoon. It was something false, it was something which had only to do with herself. The man himself was something quite other, something in the dark, something she dreaded, whose coming she dreaded, as if it were a mitigation of her own being, something set over against her, something that would annul her own image of herself. Nervously she twisted her long white fingers. She was a beautiful woman, tall and loose and rather thin, with swinging limbs, one for whom the modern fashions were perfect. Her skin was pure and clear, like a Christmas rose, her hair was fair and heavy. She had large, slow, unswerving eyes, that sometimes looked blue and open with a childish candor, sometimes greenish and intent with thought, sometimes hard, sea-like, cruel, sometimes grey and pathetic. Now she sat in her own room, in the flat in Mayfair, and he was coming to see her. She was well again: just well enough to see him. But she was tired as she sat in the chair whilst her maid arranged her heavy, fair hair. She knew she was a beauty, she knew it was expected of her [437] The Thimble that she should create an impression of modern beauty. And it pleased her, it made her soul rather hard and proud: but also, at the bottom, it bored her. Still, she would have her hair built high, in the fashionable mode, she would have it modelled to the whole form of her head, her figure. She lifted her eyes to look. They were slow, greenish, and cold like the sea at this moment, because she was so perplexed, so heavy with trying, all alone, always quite coldly alone, to understand, to understand and to adjust herself. It never occurred to her to expect anything of the other person: she was utterly self-responsible. "No," she said to her maid, in her slow, laconic, plangent voice, "don’t let it swell out over the ears, lift it straight up, then twist it under—like that—so it goes clean from the side of the face. Do you see?" "Yes, my lady." And the maid went on with the hair-dressing, and she with her slow, cold musing. She was getting dressed now to see her bridegroom. The phrase, with its association in all the romances of the world, made her snigger involuntarily to herself. She was still like a schoolgirl, always seeing herself in her part. She got curious satisfaction from it, too. But also she was always humorously ironical when she found herself in these romantic situations. If brigands and robbers had carried her off, she would have played up to the event perfectly. In life, however, there was always a certain painful, laborious heaviness, a weight of self-responsibility. The event never carried her along, a helpless protagonist. She was always responsible, in whatever situation. Now, this morning, her husband was coming to see her, and she was dressing to receive him. She felt heavy and inert as stone, yet inwardly trembling convulsively. The known man, he did not affect her. Heavy and inert in her soul, yet amused, [438] D. H. Lawrence she would play her part in his reception. But the unknown man, what was he? Her dark, unknown soul trembled apprehensively. At any rate he would be different. She shuddered. The vision she had of him, of the good-looking, clean, slightly tanned, attractive man, ordinary and yet with odd streaks of understanding that made her ponder, this she must put away. They said his face was rather horribly cut up. She shivered. How she hated it, coldly hated and loathed it, the thought of disfigurement. Her fingers trembled, she rose to go downstairs. If he came he must not come into her bedroom. So, in her fashionable but inexpensive black silk dress, wearing her jewels, her string of opals, her big, ruby brooch, she went downstairs. She knew how to walk, how to hold her body according to the mode. She did it almost instinctively, so deep was her consciousness of the impression her own appearance must create. Entering the small drawing-room she lifted her eyes slowly and looked at herself: a tall, loose woman in black, with fair hair raised up, and with slow, greenish, cold eyes looking into the mirror. She turned away with a cold, pungent sort of satisfaction. She was aware also of the traces of weariness and illness and age, in her face. She was twenty-seven years old. So she sat on the little sofa by the fire. The room she had made was satisfactory to her, with its neutral, brown-grey walls, its deep brown, plain, velvety carpet, and the old furniture done in worn rose brocade, which she had bought from Countess Ambersyth’s sale. She looked at her own large feet, upon the rose-red Persian rug. Then nervously, yet quite calm, almost static, she sat still to wait. It was one of the moments of deepest suffering and suspense which she had ever known. She did not want to think of his disfigurement, she did not want to have any pre- [439] The Thimble conception of it. Let it come upon her. And the man, the unknown strange man who was coming now to take up his position over against her soul, her soul so naked and exposed from illness, the man to whose access her soul was to be delivered up! She could not bear it. Her face set pale, she began to lose her consciousness. Then something whispered in her: "If I am like this, I shall be quite impervious to him, quite oblivious of anything but the surface of him." And an anxious sort of hope sent her hands down onto the sofa at her side, pressed upon the worn brocade, spread flat. And she remained in suspense. But could she bear it, could she bear it? She was weak and ill in a sort of after-death. Now what was this that she must confront, this other being? Her hands began to move slowly backwards and forwards on the sofa bed, slowly, as if the friction of the silk gave her some ease. She was unaware of what she was doing. She was always so calm, so self-contained, so static; she was much too stoically well-bred to allow these outward nervous agitations. But now she sat still in suspense in the silent drawing-room, where the fire flickered over the dark brown carpet and over the pale rose furniture and over the pale face and the black dress and the white, sliding hands of the woman, and her hands slid backwards and forwards, backwards and forwards like a pleading, a hope, a tension of madness. Her right hand came to the end of the sofa and pressed a little into the crack, the meeting between the arm and the sofa bed. Her long white fingers pressed into the fissure, pressed and entered rhythmically, pressed and pressed further and further into the tight depths of the fissure, between the silken, firm upholstery of the old sofa, whilst her mind was in a trance of suspense, and the fire-light flickered on the yellow chrysanthemums that stood in a jar in the window. [440] D. H. Lawrence The working, slow, intent fingers pressed deeper and deeper in the fissure of the sofa, pressed and worked their way intently, to the bottom. It was the bottom. They were there, they made sure. Making sure, they worked all along, very gradually, along the tight depth of the fissure. Then they touched a little extraneous object, and a consciousness awoke in the woman’s mind. Was it something? She touched again. It was something hard and rough. The fingers began to ply upon it. How firmly it was embedded in the depths of the sofa-crack. It had a thin rim, like a ring, but it was not a ring. The fingers worked more insistently. What was this little hard object? The fingers pressed determinedly, they moved the little object. They began to work it up to the light. It was coming, there was success. The woman’s heart relaxed from its tension, now her aim was being achieved. Her long, strong, white fingers brought out the little find. It was a thimble set with brilliants; it was an old, rather heavy thimble of tarnished gold, set round the base with little diamonds or rubies. Perhaps it was not gold, perhaps they were only paste. She put it on her sewing finger. The brilliants sparkled in the firelight. She was pleased. It was a vulgar thing, a gold thimble with ordinary pin-head dents, and a belt of jewels around the base. It was large too, big enough for her. It must have been some woman’s embroidery thimble, some bygone woman’s, perhaps some Lady Ambersyth’s. At any rate, it belonged to the days when women did stitching as a usual thing. But it was heavy, it would make one’s hand ache. She began to rub the gold with her handkerchief. There was an engraved monogram, an Earl’s, and then Z, Z, and a date, 15 Oct., 1801. She was very pleased, trembling with the thought of the old romance. What did Z. stand for? She thought of her acquaintances, and could only think of Zouche. [441] The Thimble But he was not an Earl. Who would give the gift of a gold thimble set with jewels, in the year 1801? Perhaps it was a man come home from the wars: there were wars then. The maid noiselessly opened the door and saw her mistress sitting in the soft light of the winter day, polishing something with her handkerchief. "Mr. Hepburn has come, my lady." "Has he!" answered the laconic, slightly wounded voice of the woman. She collected herself and rose. Her husband was coming through the doorway, past the maid. He came without hat or coat or gloves, like an inmate of the house. He was an inmate of the house. "How do you do?" she said, with stoic, plangent helplessness. And she held out her hand. "How are you?" he replied, rather mumbling, with a sort of muffled voice. "All right now, thanks," and she sat down again, her heart beating violently. She had not yet looked at his face. The muffled voice terrified her so much. It mumbled rather mouthlessly. Abstractedly, she put the thimble on her middle finger, and continued to rub it with her handkerchief. The man sat in silence opposite, in an arm-chair. She was aware of his khaki trousers and his brown shoes. But she was intent on burnishing the thimble. Her mind was in a trance, but as if she were on the point of waking, for the first time in her life, waking up. "What are you doing? What have you got?" asked the mumbling, muffled voice. A pang went through her. She looked up at the mouth that produced the sound. It was broken in, the bottom teeth all gone, the side of the chin battered small, whilst a deep seam, a deep, horrible groove ran right into the middle of the cheek. But the mouth was the [442] D. H. Lawrence worst, sunk in at the bottom, with half the lip cut away. "It is treasure-trove," answered the plangent, cold-sounding voice. And she held out the thimble. He reached to take it. His hand was white, and it trembled. His nerves were broken. He took the thimble between his fingers. She sat obsessed, as if his disfigurement were photographed upon her mind, as if she were some sensitive medium to which the thing had been transferred. There it was, her whole consciousness was photographed into an image of his disfigurement, the dreadful sunken mouth that was not a mouth, which mumbled in talking to her, in a disfigurement of speech. It was all accident, accident had taken possession of her very being. All she was, was purely accidental. It was like a sleep, a thin, taut, overfilming sleep in which the wakefulness struggles like a thing as yet unborn. She was sick in the thin, transparent membrane of her sleep, her overlying dream-consciousness, something actual but too unreal. "How treasure-trove?" he mumbled. She could not understand. She felt his moment’s hesitation before he tried again, and a hot pain pierced through her, the pain of his maimed, crippled effort. "Treasure-trove, you said," he repeated, with a sickening struggle to speak distinctly. Her mind hovered, then grasped, then caught the threads of the conversation. "I found it," she said. Her voice was clear and vibrating as bronze, but cold. "I found it just before you came in." There was a silence. She was aware of the purely accidental condition of her whole being. She was framed and constructed of accident, accidental association. It was like being made up of dream-stufif, without sequence or adherence to any plan or purpose. Yet within the imprisoning film of [443] The Thimble the dream was herself, struggling unborn, struggling to come to life. It was difficult to break the inert silence that had succeeded between them. She was afraid it would go on forever. With a strange, convulsive struggle, she broke into communication with him. "I found it here, in the sofa," she said, and she lifted her eyes for the first time to him. His forehead was white, and his hair brushed smooth, like a sick man’s. And his eyes were like the eyes of a child that has been ill, blue and abstract, as if they only listened from a long way off, and did not see any more. So far-off he looked, like a child that belongs almost more to death than to life. And her soul divined that he was waiting vaguely where the dark and the light divide, whether he should come in to life, or hesitate, and pass back. She lowered her eyelids, and for a second she sat erect like a mask, with closed eyes, whilst a spasm of pure unconsciousness passed over her. It departed again, and she opened her eyes. She was awake. She looked at him. His eyes were still abstract and without answer, changing only to the dream-psychology of his being. She contracted as if she were cold and afraid. They lit up now with a superficial over-flicker of interest. "Did you really? Why, how did it come there?" It was the same voice, the same stupid interest in accidental things, the same man as before. Only the enunciation of the words was all mumbled and muffled, as if the speech itself were disintegrating. Her heart shrank, to close again like an over-sensitive newborn thing, that is not yet strong enough in its own being. Yet once more she lifted her eyes, and looked at him. He was flickering with his old, easily roused, spurious interest in the accidentals of life. The film of separateness [444] D. H. Lawrence seemed to be coming over her. Yet his white forehead was somewhat deathly, with its smoothly brushed hair. He was like one dead. He was within the realm of death. His over-flicker of interest was only extraneous. "I suppose it had got pushed down by accident," she said, answering from her mechanical mind. But her eyes were watching him who was dead, who was there like Lazarus before her, as yet unrisen. "How did it happen?" she said, and her voice was changed, penetrating with sadness and approach. He knew what she meant. "Well, you see I was knocked clean senseless, and that was all I knew for three days. But it seems that it was a shell fired by one of our own fellows, and it hit me because it was faultily made." Her face was very still as she watched. "And how did you feel when you came round?" "I felt pretty bad, as you can imagine; there was a crack on the skull as well as this on the jaw." "Did you think you were going to die?" There was a long pause, whilst the man laughed self-consciously. But he laughed only with the upper part of his face: the maimed part remained still. And though the eyes seemed to laugh, just as of old, yet underneath them was a black, challenging darkness. She waited whilst this superficial smile of reserve passed away. Then came the mumbling speech, simple, in confession. "Yes, I lay and looked at it." The darkness of his eyes was now watching her, her soul was exposed and new-born. The triviality was gone, the dream-psychology, the self-dependence. They were naked and new-born in soul, and depended on each other. It was on the tip of her tongue to say: "And why didn’t [445] The Thimble you die?" But instead, her soul, weak and new-born, looked helplessly at him. "I couldn’t while you were alive," he said. "What?" "Die." She seemed to pass away into unconsciousness. Then, as she came to, she said, as if in protest: "What difference should I make to you! You can’t live off me." He was watching her with unlighted, sightless eyes. There was a long silence. She was thinking, it was not her consciousness of him which had kept her alive. It was her own will. "What did you hope for, from me?" she asked. His eyes darkened, his face seemed very white, he really looked like a dead man as he sat silent and with open, sightless eyes. Between his slightly-trembling fingers was balanced the thimble, that sparkled sometimes in the firelight. Watching him, a darkness seemed to come over her. She could not see, he was only a presence near her in the dark. "We are both of us helpless," she said, into the silence. "Helpless for what?" answered his sightless voice. "To live," she said. They seemed to be talking to each other’s souls, their eyes and minds were sightless. "We are helpless to live," he repeated. "Yes," she said. There was still a silence. "I know," he said, "we are helpless to live. I knew that when I came round." "I am as helpless as you are," she said. "Yes," came his slow, half-articulate voice. "I know that. You’re as helpless as I am." "Well then?" "Well then, we are helpless. We are as helpless as babies," he said. [446] D. H. Lawrence "And how do you like being a helpless baby," came the ironic voice. "And how do you like being a helpless baby?" he replied. There was a long pause. Then she laughed brokenly. "I don’t know," she said. "A helpless baby can’t know whether it likes being a helpless baby." "That’s just the same. But I feel hope, don’t you?" Again there was an unwilling pause on her part. "Hope of what?" "If I am a helpless baby now, that I shall grow into a man." She gave a slight, amused laugh. "And I ought to hope that I shall grow into a woman," she said. "Yes, of course." "Then what am I now?" she asked, humorously. "Now, you’re a helpless baby, as you said." It piqued her slightly. Then again, she knew it was true. "And what was I before—when I married you?" she asked, challenging. "Why, then—I don’t know what you were. I’ve had my head cracked and some dark let in, since then. So I don’t know what you were, because it’s all gone, don’t you see." "I see." There was a pause. She became aware of the room about her, of the fire burning low and red. "And what are we doing together?" she said. "We’re going to love each other," he said. "Didn’t we love each other before?" challenged her voice. "No, we couldn’t. We weren’t born." "Neither were we dead," she answered. He seemed struck. "Are we dead now?" he asked in fear. "Yes, we are." There was a suspense of anguish, it was so true. [447] The Thimble "Then we must be born again," he said. "Must we?" said her deliberate, laconic voice. "Yes, we must—otherwise—" He did not finish. "And do you think we’ve got the power to come to life again, now we’re dead?" she asked. "I think we have," he said. There was a long pause. "Resurrection?" she said, almost as if mocking. They looked slowly and darkly into each other’s eyes. He rose unthinking, went over and touched her hand. " ‘Touch me not, for I am not yet ascended unto the Father,’ " she quoted, in her level, cold-sounding voice. "No," he answered; "it takes time." The incongruous plainness of his statement made her jerk with laughter. At the same instant her face contracted and she said in a loud voice, as if her soul was being torn from her: "Am I going to love you?" Again he stretched forward and touched her hand, with the tips of his fingers. And the touch lay still, completed there. Then at length he noticed that the thimble was stuck on his little finger. In the same instant she also looked at it. "I want to throw it away," he said. Again she gave a little jerk of laughter. He rose, went to the window, and raised the sash. Then, suddenly with a strong movement of the arm and shoulder, he threw the thimble out into the murky street. It bounded on the pavement opposite. Then a taxi-cab went by, and he could not see it any more. [448] A Delightful Legend (Freely adapted frorn Talmudic lore) By Maurice Relonde IN the beginning of the world the Lord God commanded all the animals to pass before Adam, where he sat in the garden of golden flowers, so that the first man would name them with their proper names. This was to prove that Adam was created in His own true image and wisdom, and that he had dominion over all that lived on the earth and in the air and in the waters. So they passed before him each with its own mate, male and iemale, and Adam blessed them and gave them the right name that reflected the eternal wisdom of the Holy One. But soon there came a great sadness upon Adam’s countenance and God noted it and asked him the reason thereof. O	Lord God, he said, who made the world in infinite graciousness, I am sad because I of all thy creatures am without a mate. I have none that walks nigh me and I shall be lonesome in the dark nights. Am I not sufficient unto thee? queried the Father of the World. Thou are my God and Master and not my equal, said he. Thereupon the Lord God gathered the dust from the four corners of the earth, the North, the South, the East, and the West, even as he had done to fashion Adam, and created the woman Lilith. Now the woman Lilith was full equal in beauty to Adam, of whom it is recorded that the sole of his foot obscured the splendor of the sun. In height she was full twenty thousand [449] A Delightful Legend cubit measures; her body was of wondrous grace and her breasts like two moons. Moreover, she had the knowledge and undertaking of things even as Adam, for she also had been created in the image of the Almighty. In her eyes shone the wisdom of the ages and she could pass judgment even as the Most High. Wherefore she followed her own ways and took no counsel nor ordering from Adam. Now this filled Adam with grief and resentment. For, said he, thou wert created at my desire and for my pleasure. But Lilith heeded him not. So there arose discord between the two and strife. And the strife grew greater all the time, for Adam desired to force his bidding on the woman and she would have none of it. Then on a day the strife came to an end. It so fell out that one dewy morning when Adam arose from his bed he found that the woman Lilith was gone and though he sought her everywhere he could not find her. Thereupon a wild wrath came in his heart and he ran like a whirlwind unto the Lord God and wailed and complained: O	Lord God! the woman thou hast given me as a companion and for my joy has deserted me. Straightway God summoned unto him the three archangels, Michael, Gabriel and Labiel, and ordered them to find the rebellious woman and bring her unto him. So they went forth and on the third day they found her amidst the green water of the Red Sea, whither she had betaken herself. Thou art to return to the man for whom thou wert created, said they. That I will not, she said. The Lord God has commanded it in his righteous wisdom and he will visit great punishment upon thee if thou obeyest not. The children thou wilt create shall be demons and each day one hundred of their number shall die. I will not return to the man Adam, she said. [450] Maurice Relonde So the three celestial messengers returned swiftly unto God and made their report that the woman Lilith would not return. Then Adam raised his voice in loud lamentation and weeping and said: O Holy Lord! order her to return, else I will spend my days henceforth in sorrow and lonesomeness. And God replied, That I cannot do, for I created her in mine own image and wisdom even as I created thee, and she may do as her mind wills. Yet will I create unto thee another woman who will cleave to thee and never leave thee. But her I will not make from the dust of the four corners of the earth that hath in it the virtues of the Holy Name. And God thought for a time and said, I will not make her from thy mouth lest she wish to talk too much, nor from thine eyes lest she wish to see too much, nor from thine ears lest she wish to hear too much. And in the end the Lord God said, I will make her from thy rib which is nearest to thy heart, by reason of which she will cling to thee as a grape to the vine. And the Lord’s will was done and the woman’s name was Eve. And it happened even as God had foretold. [Therefore, good reader, when thou goest forth to meet a woman, ask her in thy mind: Art thou a descendant of that Lilith who was made in the image and wisdom of God or dost thou spring from the crooked rib of man . . .] [451] "Mother" By Sherwood Anderson ELIZABETH WILLARD, the mother of George Willard of Winesburg, Ohio, was tall and gaunt and her face was marked with smallpox scars. Although she was but forty-five, some obscure disease had taken the fire out of her figure. Listlessly she went about the disorderly old New Willard hotel looking at the faded wall paper and the ragged carpets and, when she was able to be about, doing the work of a chambermaid among beds soiled by the slumbers of fat traveling men. Her husband, Tom Willard, a slender, graceful man with square shoulders, a quick military step and a black moustache trained to turn sharply up at the ends, tried to put the wife out of his mind. The presence of the tall ghostly figure, moving slowly through the halls, he took as a reproach to himself. When he thought of her he grew angry and swore. The hotel was unprofitable and forever on the edge of failure and he wished himself out of it. He thought of the old house and the woman who lived there with him as things defeated and done for. The hotel, in which he had begun life so hopefully, was now a mere ghost of what a hotel should be. As he went, spruce and business-like, through the streets of Winesburg he sometimes stopped and turned quickly about as though fearing the spirit of the hotel and the woman would follow him even into the street. "Damn such a life! Damn it!" he sputtered aimlessly. Tom Willard had a passion for village politics and for years had been the leading Democrat in a strongly Republican community. Some day, he told himself, the tide of things [452] Sherwood Anderson political would turn in his favor and the years of ineffectual service count big in the bestowal of rewards. He dreamed of going to Congress or becoming governor. Once when a younger member of the party arose at a conference and began to boast of his faithful service Tom Willard grew white with fury. "Shut up, you!" he roared, glaring about. "What do you know of service? What are you but a boy? Look at what I have done here! I was a Democrat here in Winesburg when it was a crime to be a Democrat! In the old days they fairly hunted us with guns." Between Elizabeth Willard and her one son, George, there was a deep, unexpressed bond of sympathy based on a girlhood dream that had long ago died. In the son’s presence she was timid and reserved, but sometimes as he hurried about town, intent upon his duties as a reporter, she went into his room and, closing the door, knelt by a little desk made of a kitchen table that sat near a window. In the room by the desk she went through a ceremony that was half a prayer and half a demand addressed to the skies. In the boy’s figure she yearned to see something half forgotten, that had once been a part of herself, reawakened. The prayer concerned that. "Even though I die I will in some way keep defeat from you," she cried, and so deep was her determination that her whole body shook. Her eyes glowed and she clenched her fists. "If I am dead and see him becoming a meaningless, drab figure like myself I shall come back," she declared. "I ask God now to give me that privilege. I demand it. I will pay for it. God may beat me with his fists. I will take any blow that may befall if but this boy be allowed to express something for us both." Pausing uncertainly, the woman stared about the boy’s room. "And do not let him become smart and successful, either," she added vaguely. The communion between George Willard and his mother was outwardly a formal thing without meaning. When she [453] "Mother" was ill and sat by the window in her own room he went in the evening to make her a visit. They sat by the window that looked over the roof of a small frame building into Main Street. By turning their heads they could see, through another window, along an alleyway that ran behind the Main Street stores and in at the back door of Abner Groff’s bakery. Sometimes as they sat thus a picture of village life presented itself to them. At the back door of his shop appeared Abner Groff with a stick or an empty milk bottle in his hand. For a long time there was a feud between the baker and a grey cat that belonged to Sylvester West, the druggist. The boy and his mother would see the cat creep in at the door of the bakery and presently emerge followed by the baker, who swore and waved his arms about. The baker’s eyes were small and red and his black hair and beard were filled with flour dust. Sometimes he was so angry that, although the cat had disappeared, he hurled sticks, bits of broken glass and even some of the tools of his trade down the alleyway. Once he broke a window at the back of Sinning’s hardware store. In the alleyway the grey cat crouched behind barrels filled with torn papers and broken bottles above which flew a black swarm of flies. Once when she was alone, and after watching a prolonged and ineffectual outburst on the part of the baker, Elizabeth Willard put her head down upon her long white hands and wept. After that she did not look along the alleyway any more, but tried to forget the contest between the bearded man and the cat. It seemed like a rehearsal of her own life, terrible in its vividness. In the evening when the son sat in the room with his mother the silence made them both feel awkward. Darkness came on and the evening train came in at the depot. In the street below feet tramped up and down a board sidewalk. In the depot yard, after the evening train had gone, there was a heavy silence. Perhaps Skinner Leason, the express [454] Sherwood Anderson agent, moved a truck the length of the depot platform. Over on Main Street sounded a man’s voice, laughing. The door of the express office banged. George Willard arose and crossing the room fumbled for the door knob. Sometimes he knocked against a chair, making it scrape along the floor. By the window sat the sick woman, perfectly still, listless. Her long hands, white and bloodless, could be seen drooping over the ends of the arms of the chair. "I think you had better be out among other boys. You are too much indoors," she said, striving to relieve the embarrassment of the departure. "I thought I would take a walk," replied George Willard, who felt awkward and confused. One evening in July, when the transient guests who made the New Willard House their temporary home had become scarce, and the hallways, lit only by kerosene lamps turned low, were plunged in gloom, Elizabeth Willard had an adventure. She had been ill in bed for several days and her son had not come to pay his evening visit. She was alarmed. The feeble blaze of life that remained in her body was blown into a flame by her anxiety and she crept out of bed, dressed and hurried along the hallway toward her son’s room, shaking with exaggerated fear. As she went along she steadied herself with a hand slipped along the papered walls of the hall and breathed with difficulty. The air whistled through her teeth. As she hurried forward she thought how foolish she was. "He is concerned with boyish affairs," she told herself. "Perhaps he has now begun to walk about in the evening with girls." Elizabeth Willard had a dread of being seen by guests in the hotel that had once belonged to her father and the ownership of which still stood recorded in her name in the County Courthouse. The hotel was continually losing patrons because of its shabbiness and she thought of herself as also shabby. Her own room was in an obscure corner and when she felt [455] "Mother" able to work she voluntarily worked among the beds, pre-ferring the labor that could be done when the guests were abroad seeking trade among the merchants of Winesburg. By the door of her son's room Elizabeth Willard knelt upon the floor and listened for some sound from within. When she heard the boy moving about and talking in low tones a smile came to her lips. George Willard had a habit of talking aloud to himself and to hear him doing so had always given his mother a peculiar pleasure. The habit in him reawakened and strengthened the secret bond she felt existed between them. A thousand times she had whispered to herself of the matter. "He is groping about, trying to find him-self," she thought. "He is not a dull clod, all words and smartness. Within him there is a secret something that is striving to grow. It is the thing that I let be killed in myself." In the darkness in the hallway by the door Elizabeth Willard arose and started again toward her own room. She was afraid that the door would open and the boy come upon her. When she had reached a safe distance from the door and was about to turn a corner into a second hallway she stopped and, bracing herself with her hands, waited, thinking to shake off a trembling fit of weakness that had come upon her. The presence of the boy in the room had made her happy. In the bed, during the long hours alone, the little fears that had visited her had become giants. Now they were all gone. "When I get back to my room I shall sleep," she murmured gratefully. But Elizabeth Willard was not to return to her bed and to sleep. As she stood trembling in the darkness the door of her son’s room opened and the boy’s father, Tom Willard, stepped out. In the light that streamed out at the door he stood with the knob in his hand and talked. What he said infuriated the woman. Tom Willard was ambitious for his son. He had always [456] Sherwood Anderson thought of himself as a successful man although nothing he had ever done had turned out successfully. However, when he was out of sight of the New Willard House and had no fear of coming upon his wife, he swaggered and imagined himself one of the chief men of the town. He wanted his son to succeed. He it was who had secured for the boy the position as reporter on the Winesburg Eagle. Now with a ring of earnestness in his voice he was advising concerning some course of conduct. "I tell you what, George, you have got to wake up," he said sharply. "Will Henderson has spoken to me three times concerning the matter. He says you go about for hours not hearing when you are spoken to and acting like a gawky girl. What ails you, eh?" Tom Willard laughed good-naturedly. "Well, I guess you’ll get over it," he said. "I told Will that. You are not a fool and you are not a woman. You are Tom Willard’s son and you’ll wake up. I’m not afraid. What you say clears things up. If working on the paper has put notions of becoming a writer into your head, that’s all right. Only I guess you’ll have to wake up to do that too, eh?" Tom Willard went briskly along the hall and down a stairway to the office. The woman in the darkness could hear him laughing and talking with some guest who was striving to wear away a dull evening by dozing in a chair by the door. She returned to the door of her son’s room. The weakness had passed from her body as by a miracle and she stepped boldly along. A thousand ideas raced through her head. When she heard the scraping of a chair and the sound of a pen scratching upon paper she again turned and went back along the hallway to her own room. A definite determination had come into the mind of the defeated wife of the Winesburg hotel keeper. The determination was the result of long years of quiet and rather ineffectual thinking. "Now," she told herself, "I will act. There [457] "Mother" is something threatening my boy and I will ward it off." The fact that the conversation between Tom Willard and his son had been rather quiet and natural, as though an understanding existed between them, maddened her. Although for years she had hated her husband her hatred had always before been a quite impersonal thing. He had merely been a part of something she had hated. Now, and by the few words at the door, he had become the thing personified. In the darkness of her own room she clenched her fists and glared about. Going to a cloth bag that hung by a nail on the wall she took out a pair of long sewing scissors and held them in her hand like a dagger. "I will stab him," she said aloud. "He has chosen to be the voice of evil and I will kill him. When I have killed him something will snap within myself and I shall die also. It will be a release for all of us." In her girlhood, and before her marriage with Tom Willard, Elizabeth had borne a somewhat shaky reputation in Winesburg. For years she had been what is called "stage-struck" and had paraded through the streets with traveling men guests at her father’s hotel, wearing loud clothes and urging them to tell her of life in the cities out of which they had come. Once she startled the town by putting on men’s clothes and riding a bicycle down Main Street. In her own mind the tall dark girl had been in those days much confused. A great restlessness was in her and it expressed itself in two ways. First there was an uneasy desire for change, for some big definite movement to her life. It was this feeling that had turned her mind to the stage. She dreamed of joining some company and wandering over the world, seeing always new faces and giving something of herself to all people. Sometimes at night she was quite beside herself with the thought but when she tried to talk of the matter to the members of theatrical companies that came to Winesburg and stopped at her father’s hotel she got nowhere. [458] Sherwood Anderson They did not seem to know what she meant or, if she did get something of her passion expressed, they only laughed. "It is not like that," they said sharply. "It is as dull and uninteresting as this here. Nothing comes of it." With the traveling men, when she walked about with them, and later with Tom Willard it was quite different. Always they seemed to understand and sympathize with her. On the side streets of the village in the darkness under the trees, they took hold of her hand and she thought that something unexpressed in herself came forth and became a part of an unexpressed something of them. And then there was the second expression of her restlessness. When that came she felt for a time released and happy. She did not blame the men who walked with her and later she did not blame Tom Willard. It was always the same, beginning with kisses and ending, after strange wild emotions, with peace and then sobbing repentance. When she sobbed she put her hand upon the face of the man and had always the same thought. Even though he were large and bearded she thought he had become suddenly a little boy. She wondered why he did not sob also. In her room, tucked away in a corner of the old Willard House, Elizabeth Willard lighted a lamp and put it upon a dressing-table that stood by the door. A thought had come into her mind and she went to a closet and brought out a small square box and set it on the dresser. The box contained materials for "make-up" and had been left with other things by a theatrical company that had been stranded in Winesburg. Elizabeth Willard had decided she would be beautiful. Her hair was still black and there was a great mass of it done up in a long coil and wrapped about her head. The scene that was to take place in the office below began to grow in her mind. No ghostly, worn-out figure should confront Tom Willard, but something quite unexpected and [459] "Mother" startling. Tall and with fair dusky cheeks and hair that fell in a mass from her shoulders a figure should come striding down the stairway and before the startled loungers in the hotel office. The figure would be silent, it would be swift and terrible. As a tigress whose cub has been threatened she would appear, coming out of the shadows, swift, noiseless, holding the long wicked scissors in her hand. With a little dry sob in her throat Elizabeth Willard blew out the light that stood upon the dressing table and was again in the darkness. The strength, that had been as a miracle in her body, left, and she half-reeled across the floor, clutching at the back of the chair in which she had spent so many long days staring over the roofs into the Main Street of Winesburg. In the hallway there was the sound of footsteps and George Willard came in at the door. Sitting in a chair beside his mother he began to talk. "I am going to get out of here," he said. "I don’t know where I shall go or what I shall do, but I’m going away." Elizabeth Willard waited and trembled. An impulse came to her. "I suppose you had better wake up," she said. "You will go to the city and make money. It will be better for you—to be a business man—do you not think so?" George Willard shook his head. "I suppose I can’t make you understand, but oh, I wish I could," he said earnestly. "I can’t talk to father about it. I don’t try. There isn’t any use. I don’t know what I shall do. I just want to go away and look at people and think." Silence fell upon the room where the boy and the woman sat together. Again as on the other evenings they were embarrassed. After a time the boy tried again to talk. "I suppose it won’t be for a year or two, but I’ve been thinking about it," he said, rising and going toward the door. "Something father said makes it sure that I will have to go away." He fumbled with the door knob. In the room the silence became [460] Sherwood Anderson unbearable to the woman. The nameless joy that swept over her seemed about to make her cry out. "I think you had better go out among the boys. You are too much indoors," she said. "I thought I would go for a little walk," replied the son, stepping awkwardly out of the room and closing the door. [461] America By James Oppenheim I AM in love with this land: All my thinking is in vain, All my doubts are drowned. There is no reason in love . . . But there is longing, and the will to embrace, and adoring idealization . . . Has the Mississippi a magic more than the Rhine, Or do the Rockies outgrandeur Alps and Himalayas? Is blue of the sea on the coast of Maine lovelier than blue of the Bay of Naples? No ... no ... no .. . My brain is full of the echoes of my ancestry, Full of the song of winds down the stormy Mediterranean, And sea-echoes in the Black Forest, And glare and mirage of Sahara, And stars above Judea. I belong to the Wanderer, to the ancient race out of Babylon, My fathers and mothers dwell in me as a tide of migrations, I have wandered in old places in their extinct persons, From that flesh the vision of Isaiah became a cry, And of Jesus became a god. [462] James Oppenheim But ships have brought me to a primal continent In a meeting of caravans, A vast migration has mingled the races on this land, And here I was born, and here I grew up, And here my children were born, And here is the face of the beloved. 0	thou America, wherefore is my heart glowing with thee? I	see thee in the likeness of a beautiful girl, Neither wise nor a mother, But happiest when she gazes in a mirror, And with a sweet-tooth, and swift to passion, And cruel and indifferent and monstrous! Or I see thee in the likeness of a young giant . . . He scoops gold from the mountains, Or gouges out the iron-ore and the coal: He stokes the glaring furnaces of Pittsburgh, Or drives herds of cattle through the stockyards of Chicago; He has raised the Image of his God on Manhattan, The steel-stone God of Industry: And that God, wreathed with prayers of white steam, And flying many banners, Looks seaward, arrogant. What has the Ancient of Days to do with thee, 0	adolescent America? What have I to do with thee, I	whose blood runs to the pulse of Asia’s prophecies, And whose heart is crowded with the sorrows of old peoples? Have I not renounced the psalms and the song of songs to dwell with thee? O	land of noise, and mill-havoc, and tawdry towns, Rootless, and cheap, and new, Roaring with democracy. [463] America Europe has fallen into the sea that never rests, But is whirlpool, and sucking eddy, and moon-swayed tides: Thou art that sea, O unstable nation, Thou art that sea. Madly thou chasest after the new, and the latest, and the fresh-born fact, And the bubbling of thy kindliness has an unsavoury taste: Wildly thou speedest, ever faster, ever faster, Seeking the Nowhere and finding nothing. I have shrunk from thee many a time, Cowed by thy machine-dominion, By thy loud business with facts, and tonnage, and with steel and stone, Thy dark industrial dreariness . . . And worst, by thy shiftiness and lack of depths, 0	thou that ever movest, shiftest, turnest, travelest, Ever unrooted, ever without a past, Ever on surfaces . . . And as a tired man, life-wearied, longs for the arms of his mother, and to be a child again, I	have longed back for a motherland, A cradle in a motherland, Where old sweet songs of the folk are sung by the hills and the heavens, And the soil, rich with the dead, is redolent of myth and fable, And ghosts of the historic past go in pageantry against the night, And one is at home with Earth And sustained with a mighty ancestry, His Motherland of love. O	America, thou art a youth who has gone out into the world [464] James Oppenheim Far from mother and father, And from song, shelter, and peace, Far to the untried, the perilous, the changing, And thou hast no place to rest thy head, No, not if thou weariest and sinkest down, But art driven, a Wanderer, With only a future for thy dreams. And yet when courage comes to my heart I rise and seem more of man to be in my nation’s peril, And I see America as the first of the changing ones, An outpost of new times. For Earth’s migrations now begin . . . As in a crystal I see the future globe . . . Ocean has given up her strength and the sun his power, With fine wires our children have enmeshed the mountains, And the upper skies are the paths of Speed; Peoples have become tides that ebb and that flow, And the seasons mingle their dreams for them: As by derricks, as by cranes, as by steam-shovels and swarthy dredges Rooted life is torn up and transported and shuffled . . . The day of the New dawns . . . The last-born thought becomes the news of the five continents overnight, The fresh discovery penetrates the farthest island, And the races are sieved through one another and lose their identity . . . The solid and fixed flows and becomes a sea . . . On Manhattan corners India prays, At the foot of the Pyramids Pittsburgh flames . . . The world becomes as America . . . [465] America 0	my outpost nation, my land of the future, The world becomes as thee! Thou sufferest the experiment, Thou, O Pioneer, Frontiersman of ancient Europe, Thou, the many-mingling, the multitude-headed, The crowded plateau of Demos. I	will take thy risk with thee: I will grow strength to swim in thy sea, I that have loved the solid land. But O, what call have I to take courage? A deep need moves me . . . A fire is in my depths . . . There is no reason in this, but only longing, and the need to embrace, And adoring idealization . . . I remember a ferry ride: It was late November, and the wind lashed the North River: And there loomed Manhattan with white towers, Dim, blossoming with lights, in the gray end of the day, And my heart leaped, and a hotness broke from its sealed depths, And a warm passion of love went out to that city, And I loved . . . O, as I love now, as I love thee now, Past reason, past doubt, Land of the latter-day giants, Land of my birth . . . Where shall I seek for thy secret? [466] James Oppenheim For youth never answers : The Sphinx is young, he understands not his own depths, It is he himself that seeks for his own secret . . . Thou crouchest not, O Sphinx, Thou toilest and spendest and speedest, Craving the hottest joys, the mad animal orgy, The brightest power . . . Thou lovest thy many comforts and thy mighty tools . . . Thou lovest the large-scale life, With transcontinental gesture, Gigantic cranes. I have been in Pittsburgh, I have stood, of a winter’s night, on a bridge over the Monon-gahela, Stung with the sleet . . . I have seen the darkness blossom with golden snow from the convertor When eight pipes glanced out clear, And all the river shone; And I have stood in the mills when out of whited pits The ten-ton ingot lifted, And I have stood in the railroad yards When the locomotives came blinding up and down, And the green lamp changed to red; Yea, I have stood in the burning red core of America, There in the fires of steel, There where the bone-work of civilization was wrought, In smokes of cloud by day and pillars of fire by night, And the writhing muscles of the half-naked puddlers slid to their task, And the primal face of labor gazed in the fires, And I have marveled over Man, the conqueror. [467] America And I have been in Chicago, And I have traveled the Loop with its shops and stores, And stood on the shores of Lake Michigan where the railroad tonnage rolls, And wheat and cattle are sluiced from West to East . . . And Manhattan? Many are the years that I have dwelt in Manhattan . . . A hundred of her streets are printed with the feet of my joys and sorrows, And my blood is on those stones . . . Here I have heard the cry of my new-born child, Here I have looked last on the face of my dead, Here I have striven and failed and fallen and risen again, And come to shame and to heartbreak . . . There are corners in this city where ghosts of my old selves are walking; It was on 79th Street that I saw the skies open even as Jacob saw them open, And on Washington Square I raised psalms to Creation And flew with the spirit of life beyond Arcturus . . . Along the North River I trudged as a sick boy Longing for love, and dreaming of fame: It was on the Heights of Morningside that first I saw my city unroll at my feet, Unroll, to roll up into towers of the sky, A giant on the shores of the Atlantic, A giant laughing to Europe overseas . . . O	there are moonlit streets which surely have passed, Yea, though their houses and pave still stand, Where as a youth I walked with a girl In an old magic long dead. [468] James Oppenheim And now, this night, the deep city lives rankly around me, Thunderous, and new, and in motion, And in vision the walls become transparent, the miles of walls, And I see millions of human beings, Suffering, loving, consuming, Struggling out of the Earth, embracing each other and pushing from each other, And sowing seed in each other, and slaying each other, Ancient as vanished Egypt, Old as the mud of the Nile. And I know that Babylon is but the background of New York And that California is lightly mounded over the Pyramids. . . All strange passions are here, and all desire, Vision rages, and youth goes down, And the lovers kiss the piercing transient kiss of passion, And the echoes of old voices are in our ears, And our hearts are dark with loss. O	stars above New York, 0	banks of stars, I lean over you as over a parapet, I	lean and look down into the unwalled abyss, And I see a few twinkles . . . One is the sun, and one is Mars, and one is Venus, and one is Uranus, And almost the least of these is Earth . . . And I lean and think of Earth . . . I	think of her pageantry of history, And her epic of desire, I	think of the long crawl of life from the seed in the steaming mud To the risen mind of Greece, And all the longings that flamed fierce and went out on the blind little ball, [469] America And all the personal dreams and pioneerings and failures, And the massacre, the plague, and the women alone, And the shiftings of nations and of ages, And the roll-call of the dead, And the Earth as one green tomb, And of New York tonight lighted with lamps and busy with men and women, And of tomorrow when this too is rolled up as a scroll And becomes a memory, a vision, And all these desirers and hungerers are not in the skies, Not there where Earth twinkles in the abyss, And I, I . . (O not on a star-bank!) . . I here in this room, I here, alive, vivid, full of schemes for tomorrow, Expunged from the abyss. What matters America to me, I that shall die? I prod the heavens in every direction with a long pole But everywhere the pole goes through: there are skies beyond . . . There is no Paradise and no haven for the soul, And no throned God, and singing winged angels. Ah, but Life, Life is in me . . . Life, the intoxicant, Life that races in the blood, Life, that over coffins blows the trumpets of attack, Life, the unreasonable, Life that goes forth as Love, and that questions not, That laughs at death, that mocks at decay, That sponges softly away all memories of sorrow And drops erasing mist on coming doom. Something rises in me, sings, shouts, Clutches me with wings, and carries me forth and away: [470] James Oppenheim I	cannot resist: I grow glad: I run out: I	laugh and exult, and am joyous of the hard bright streets, And look into living faces and rejoice. This is my city, this is my land . . . What care I if it have no Past? I	have a Past ... I bequeath it to America . . . Is it dreamless? I bring it a dream! Lacks it vision? It shall have mine! [471] The Race By William Rose Bénet YOUR pursed lips suddenly sucked in a sound that your horse Leapt to. He tossed his head and stretched his muzzle, Hauling the reins, and started off at a canter. Riding astride in your heavy McClellan saddle, With straight flat back—in white shirtwaist and high white stock And black cocked hat—you wavered against the hills, On that broad white road, a clear, clean flame to me, Blowing into the glory of the sun Over the marshes. Caleppit—caleppit—caleppit I The hoofs of my horse rang out in sudden pursuit Little puffs of dust like shots from gnomish rifles Followed your horse’s flying heels. The road Rose and fell before us, as over a ridge By a ranch we clattered, and slanted around a curve Where a sheep-dog barked from a byre. The high sun moved Following us. I	saw you sling your quirt Lightly over the flank of the reaching roan, And the easy cradle-motion beneath me told How my horse was nearing a run. The wind from the Straits Came slashing into our faces. The dusty road, [472] William Rose Bénet Hard under hoof, racketed with our flight. A dooryard fluttered orange poppies. A team Drew into the dusty, bitten border grass To watch us by. A winding herd of cows Stopped to stare from a mounded hill, in the cloak-spread shadow Of crooked live-oaks. Out on that strip of steel, Beyond the marshes, some veering red-brown sails Of Portuguese fishermen made for a ramshackle pier. The hills, like a humping school of porpoises, Kept pace with us on the left, and luring white The road ran on before. A stretch of sand Muffled the hoofs, and seemed to check us. Then Caleppit—caleppit—caleppit! again. And neither gaining . . . Pursuer, pursued, and all a flowing illusioni You rode in a cloud, and I in a cloud. We moved Like the wistful-tinging sunlight of afternoon That glinted far out on the slowly-turning wings Of an inland-drifted gull. And high and still A dark hawk hovered. Our eyes, astare with speed, Dilated into a bright indifferent sky. And then you pulled on the reins, and I tugged, and the horses, Snorting and sweating, were wrestled back to a trot, And we laughed and ambled along in companionship While I was thinking, "I wonder if she is the One?" And you, perhaps, "I really wonder if he-?" Both meanwhile talking scattered half-chaffing things, One of your leather gauntlets busied about your hair, I	fumbling in my khaki coat for a pipe, Each in youth’s calm pursuit Of a magnificent and mateless dream! [473] Grass By Carl Sandburg PILE the bodies high at Austerlitz and Waterloo. Shovel them under and let me work. I	am the grass. I cover all. And pile them high at Gettysburg And pile them high at Ypres and Verdun. Shovel them under and let me work. Two years, ten years, and people on passenger trains ask conductor: What place is this? Where are we now? I	am the grass. Let me work. [474] The Truth By Edna Wahlert McCourt CHARACTERS Sara. Warren, her husband. Clara, her young sister. Mrs. Davenport, her mother. Mr. Davenport, her father. Aunt Fannie. SCENE: The Davenports' living room. AUNT FANNIE is sitting near the window, utilizing the rays of the setting April sun to read Bergson s "Creative Evolution," which, most patently, amuses her immensely. She chuckles over it, quietly. MR. DAVENPORT lights the reading lamp, draws up a chair, and looks over the evening paper. CLARA and MRS. DAVENPORT are gossiping mildly. CLARA Why, mother, it was mauve velvet edged with mink. I’m positive it wasn’t imitation. Was it, Aunt Fannie? AUNT FANNIE Was what what? CLARA Wasn’t Mrs. Smith’s dress trimmed with real mink? MRS. DAVENPORT Was Mrs. Smith’s dress trimmed with real mink? AUNT FANNIE I	haven’t the faintest idea. [475] The Truth CLARA O	pshaw, Aunt Fannie, you’re carrying this pose of yours too far! AUNT FANNIE M......m? CLARA Yes, you are. It’s ridiculous for a person who dresses as well as you do to pretend she doesn’t know what other people wear. AUNT FANNIE (Looking up from her book for the first time) I	almost always carry away a general impression of people’s clothes, Clara. But I think it much more interesting to discover whether my acquaintances themselves are genuine than to determine the status quo of the fur with which they trim their clothes. MRS. DAVENPORT Now, Fannie, don’t scold the child again! CLARA Pooh. I don’t care what she says. (She hums) MRS. DAVENPORT Clara! Be careful how you speak of your auntie! Remember she’s a celebrity. (AUNT FANNIE chuckles and resumes her reading. MR. DAVENPORT falls asleep. MRS. DAVENPORT picks up some fancy work. SARA enters in street clothes.) CLARA Hello, Sis. SARA (Tragically) Hello. [476] Edna Wahlert McCourt CLARA Why didn’t you get to the club this afternoon? SARA (More tragically) I	didn’t feel like going to a club. I’ve been walking in the park. (Without removing her hat or gloves she sits down on a low stool and folds her hands in her lap.) CLARA (Ramblingly) Well, you didn’t miss anything. Why do folks persist in lecturing on Feminism? However, there were some good-looking clothes among those present. Mrs. Smith had on a most marvelous gown of mauve velvet edged with mink. MRS. DAVENPORT How often must I tell you, Clara, that it was imitation? CLARA Oh well, if you say so. There’s no sense in arguing with one’s family. Is there, Sis? SARA (Most tragically) There’s no sense in arguing with anybody—about anything. Not even with one’s self. (Aunt Fannie looks up sharply) CLARA That’s where you’re about right. If ever...... AUNT FANNIE (Curiously) Sara. (Sara drops her head in her lap.) [477] The Truth MRS. DAVENPORT (Bustling over to her daughter) Darling, are you ill? CLARA What’s the matter? What’s the matter? SARA (Dully) Go away. AUNT FANNIE You seem to have forgotten our many conversations on the Incoherent Woman, Sara. Aren’t you well? SARA (Bitterly) Well! Am I well! (She jumps up suddenly and paces up and down the room, throwing off her hat and gloves, wildly.) MRS. DAVENPORT Darling, tell mother what has happened! CLARA (Beginning to whimper) Oh Sis, you never acted like this before! AUNT FANNIE With a little more practice, Sara, I imagine you could secure an engagement as a moving picture Tragedy Queen. You wouldn’t have to talk sense, you know. MRS. DAVENPORT How can you, Fannie! Don’t you see the darling is in distress? (To Sara) Tell Mother what has happened, dearie. Tell Mother what has happened. [478] Edna Wahlert McCourt SARA (Shrilly) Don’t pester me! CLARA (Whimpering louder) O	Sadie . . . AUNT FANNIE Have it out and over with, Sara. Don’t be a fool, child. What’s happened? SARA I	suppose I might as well tell you! You’ll have to know some time! Probably soon. I’ve been to see the doctor. In six months . . . (She shudders) Oh Mother, I’m going to have a baby! CLARA (Squealing jubilantly) Oh! Oh! Oh! I’m so glad! Oh! Oh! Oh! You darling Sis, you! Isn’t it wonderful? SARA (Pushing her away ) Idiot! MRS. DAVENPORT (Sentimentally, trying to kiss Sara) This is the happiest day of my life, darling. SARA (Frantically) If you talk like that I’ll . . . I’ll . . . I’ll . . . AUNT FANNIE (Sharply) Let her alone! (To Sara) You poor child. [479] The Truth MRS. DAVENPORT (With tremendous dignity) Fannie, remember, even though you are a spinster, that motherhood is, always has been, and always will be, sacred. AUNT FANNIE (Laughing jollily) Sacred! My dear Beth! (Most seriously to Sara, but very good-humoredly) If you’ll pardon the bromide, child— where there’s life there’s hope. SARA (Miserably) Oh Aunt Fannie, I’m only twenty-four. I don’t know anything yet. My point of view is all wobbly. I wanted to work over myself before I . . . before I . . . CLARA You’re good enough now, Sis. MRS. DAVENPORT Darling, how noble you are! SARA Noble! Never. I only pride myself upon being an individualist. MRS. DAVENPORT (Soothingly) Yes, yes, dearie. (In a loud aside) We must humor her. SARA I’m not crazy, Mother. CLARA (Wide-eyed) How queerly you’re acting. I thought you liked children. I’m going to have four when I get married,—two boys and two girls. [480] Edna Wahlert McCourt MRS. DAVENPORT (Suavely) Of course Sara wants children, Clara. She’s just a little nervous, now. SARA I’m not nervous! I’m just . . I’m only . . I’m merely . . AUNT FANNIE Exactly. MRS. DAVENPORT For shame, Fannie! SARA (Hotly to her aunt) Oh, you think I’m an example of the Incoherent Woman you’re always harping on and writing about! But I’m not! —even if I am. It isn’t my fault that I’ve got a little grey matter and can’t accept everything that comes my way! Most girls are like fishes swimming with their mouths open and swallowing everything that floats in. But, thanks to your influence and the few brains the good Lord gave me, I’m different. MRS. DAVENPORT For shame, Sara! SARA I	don’t think it any more wonderful or noble to have a child as I am having mine than it is to—blow my nose! Why, I don’t even know Warren well enough to know whether or not I want him to be the father of my child! Of course I love him dearly, but that’s a purely personal matter with me, and has nothing whatever to do with a third person, born or otherwise. The fact that a woman loves a man doesn’t necessarily mean that he is the father she should find for her children. I	always planned to have children intelligently and sincerely and not, as most women do,—for all the noble and sacred [481] The Truth bluff they’ve worked these thousands of years!—like having the toothache! CLARA Keep it up, Sis! AUNT FANNIE I’m proud of you, Sara! MRS. DAVENPORT (Her voice and hands trembling a little) My daughter, I want to have a long talk with you tomorrow. Alone, my dear. After that I hope you will utter no more sentiments like these I have been obliged to listen to. SARA ( Throwing her arms around her mother's neck) O	Mother darling, forgive me! I know I’m a brute to say these things in front of you. But you’re a woman. Surely you—even you, dear conventional angel that you are—cannot be so shocked. Even you must realize that no person whose interests are bound by and drawn to one thing, can do decent work with another. No girl or woman who is absorbed in her own individuality can live worthily when a tremendous energy-absorber, as a baby is bound to be, is thrust out of chaos into her life. When motherhood isn’t the result of an intelligent act of will, certain consequences are certain. The stupid woman thinks she is prepared for her task, and so never is. The imaginative woman sinks to crime,—either to murder or abandonment of her child, or, "because of my sacrifice" she usually says, to the greatest of all crimes,—self-indulgence. And the sane woman makes the most of the caprice, realizing that some good and some pleasure can be abstracted from any condition life offers: however, she is always either secretly longing to fulfill her individual destiny, or else she becomes a wreck of a woman, giving up the ghost, so to speak, and losing [482] Edna Wahlert McCourt heart and self control under the weight of the undesired burden. AUNT FANNIE Where did you get all this—knowledge? SARA (Suddenly very far away) I’ve always had it, I think. But I was never able to formulate my thoughts until this afternoon—in the park. (Mr. Davenport wakes up.) MR. DAVENPORT (Adjusting his spectacles and trying not to yawn) Dear me. I believe I must have been asleep. AUNT FANNIE Really? CLARA O	Daddy, guess what’s going to happen! MRS. DAVENPORT (Shocked) Clara! (Severely to her, aside) Have you no delicacy? SARA Mother, you make me tired! Can’t girls be natural with their own fathers! Father, I’m going to have a baby. MR. DAVENPORT Why . . . (blushing) why . . . (lamely) The dickens! AUNT FANNIE Modesty, thy fireside is parenthood! MRS. DAVENPORT (Sentimentally) Aren’t you delighted, Father? [483] The Truth MR. DAVENPORT Of course! Of course! Why . . . why . . . (fumbling) Order that ruby necklace you were admiring, Sara . . . (patting her cheek) Your old father is mighty fond of his little girl. CLARA O	you lucky Sara! Dad, will you give me the diamond one I’m crazy about if I have twins the day after I'm married? MRS. DAVENPORT Clara! (An automobile horn toots.) AUNT FANNIE (Glancing out of the window) Here comes Warren. (Enter Warren) WARREN Hello, Everybody! MR. DAVENPORT (Pumping his hand) Have a cigar, my Boy! (Hands him two) Keep them both! Keep them both, my Boy! WARREN (Pretty much surprised) Why . . . why, thank you. MRS. DAVENPORT (Patting his arm) My dear son. CLARA Warren, I’m going to quit scrapping with you. And I’m going to finish the handkerchief box I’ve been making for you—tomorrow I [484] Edna Wahlert McCourt WARREN Why ... it isn’t my birthday. What’s up? What’s the matter? (To Sara) Have I had my salary raised? (All, except Aunt Fannie, laugh consciously.) MRS. DAVENPORT (Very significantly) I	think, Father, you had better do the—the telephoning you have to do before dinner. Now. MR. DAVENPORT (Catching on, and hurrying away) O yes, yes. Of course. (Turning suddenly to his son-in-law) Have another cigar, my Boy! (He hands Warren a third, and, completely fussed, hurries out. Warren opens his mouth a little.) MRS. DAVENPORT (Still significantly) And, Clara, you and I must look over the frock you are to wear to the dance tonight. CLARA Yes, Mother. (Giving Warren a great hug) You are a nice fellow, Warren. I’m really going to quit scrapping with you. WARREN (Weakly) The devil. MRS. DAVENPORT (At the doorway, most significantly to Aunt Fannie) Didn’t I hear you say you had some letters to write, Fannie? AUNT FANNIE In a little while. [485] The Truth (Mrs. Davenport and Clara go out.) WARREN But what’s up? What’s the matter, honey? What’s happened, Aunt Fannie? AUNT FANNIE If you go into the music room and stay there for three minutes by your watch and chain, Sara will tell you when you return. WARREN No! If something has happened I want to know. Right away, too. This have-a-cigar-dear-boy-handkerchief-box stuff doesn’t go with me! SARA Better do as Aunt Fannie says, dear. WARREN No! I— I— AUNT FANNIE Three minutes. WARREN O	well—if you insist. But you’re all certainly acting like a bunch of lunatics! (He goes out.) SARA How can you worry him so! AUNT FANNIE I? But we must not waste time. Three minutes is not an interminable period. My dear, I have observed life pretty carefully for fifty years and I have come to the conclusion that married women are never truthful with their husbands. Most of them convince their husbands that they are, and a goodly percentage even convince themselves. Now I know you are capable of perfect frankness with women and with your father, and it would interest me more than I can tell you [486] Edna Wahlert McCourt to find out whether or not you are capable of telling your husband the truth. SARA Why Aunt Fannie! I never even prevaricate to Warren! AUNT FANNIE Then let me hide behind this curtain and hear you tell him the news—as you told it to yourself and to us. SARA Of course you may! Do you suppose I’ll divulge the news, as you call it, as the women in female periodicals tell their husbands that the family is to be augmented—by sitting around foolishly, sewing shyly on small garments? That may be the proper thing in books and in the movies, but it isn’t in real life ... I shall tell him that I am going to become a mother,—entirely against my intelligence and will,— and that I am convinced mine is the lowest of human acts. But, too, I shall assure him that I shall meet the situation, with his help, as sanely and as contentedly as possible. He is coming! (Aunt Fannie hides behind the portieres, as Warren, who has worked himself into a state of bewildered disgust, enters.) WARREN The time’s up. And, confound it, if I haven’t got madder during these three minutes than during any three years of my life! SARA (With dignity, sinking languidly upon the davenport) Of course, if you’re going to start off in a temper— WARREN Why shouldn’t I? If there’s anything I can’t stand it’s this damnable politeness from intimates,—and here’s your whole family treating me as though I had just returned from a [487] The Truth honeymoon! We married three months, too, and living here! SARA (Piqued that he isn’t tremendously eager for the news) I	should think you would respect them for leaving us alone when they knew I had something to tell you. WARREN Rats. Why can’t you tell me in front of them? You’re not usually so secretive. You usually tell everything you know whether they are around or not. Probably this doesn’t amount to much, anyway. SARA {Not knowing whether to be grieved at his lack of intuition or angry) You think so? WARREN Well, what is it? Have you bought a new dress? SARA {Now deeply shocked at his callousness) A new dress! WARREN Why—your lip is trembling! (Trying to caress her) Oh say, Sara, what’s up? The devil, I say. What have you got to tell me? SARA Nothing,—now. Go away. WARREN (Pleading) Oh come on, Sadie, that’s no way to treat a fellow. SARA (Sharply) Is yours the way to treat a wife and m—? (She catches herself just in time.) [488] Edna Wahlert McCourt WARREN Search me. And I do beg your pardon if I’ve done anything I shouldn’t do. SARA If you don’t know what you’ve done— WARREN (Disgusted again) Now I suppose you’re sore because I haven’t urged you on my knees to tell me what you’ve got to tell. As every man knows—every wife on the planet gets hot when she’s got some long-winded yarn to unravel and her husband doesn’t instantaneously transform himself into a large life-sized Ear. SARA (Terribly hurt) Warren! Long-winded yarn! WARREN (Completely flabbergasted at the misery in her voice) Why,—I’m a brute. Forgive me. You know I’m really always interested in what you say. I’d rather listen to you talk than to—money. Tell hubby what it’s all about. SARA Never. Not now. Never. WARREN Why not? You were going to? SARA That was before I realized how ununderstanding—how hard-hearted you are. WARREN Hard-hearted! Why I’m perfect mush where you’re concerned! And you know it. (Endeavoring honestly to be coaxing) Come, tell me. [489] The Truth SARA I	couldn’t. Not now. WARREN Please. SARA No! WARREN (Dropping the subject) Then don’t. Don’t care if I never know your blamed secret. SARA (Flaring up) But you will! WARREN (Surprised) How? SARA You—you’ll see it! WARREN (Wondering whether she has lost her mind) See it? SARA Yes. I shan’t be able to hide it much longer! My waist is th-th-three inches t-t-too big alread-dy. WARREN (Turning perfectly white) Honey, you don’t mean . . . SARA I	do mean! In six months— WARREN Six months! (He falls on his knees beside her and kisses her hands) Cursed ass that I am! Blockhead! Idiot! — [490] Edna Wahlert McCourt Darling, darling, can you forgive me? Ever? Not that I deserve it . . . SARA I	sh-should s-say you didn’t! WARREN Say the word—Angel—Precious—Sweetheart—and I’ll blow my brains out! But I couldn’t guess . . . SARA (Laughing and sobbing a little hysterically and drawing him up to the davenport beside her) Silly . . . WARREN I	understand. How kind your family is. Oh (Covering her with kisses) Say you forgive me! SARA (Softly) You’ll never do it again? WARREN Dearest! But what can I say? How can you endure having such a blockhead for a husband! But now that I do know . . . (awed) SARA You’re not sorry? (Very happily) Are you? WARREN Sorry! I am—(in a hushed voice)—proud. I shall be a good man, now. SARA (Very close to him) You are good. WARREN (Very, very humbly) Not good enough for you. It’s wonderfully sweet of you [491] The Truth to be so adorable about it. Most girls make a tremendous fuss all along. (Kissing her hands) But from now on you won’t know me, I’ll try so hard to be worthy. You’ll find you’re not the only one in this family who can shoulder burdens bravely and willingly and joyfully. You won’t be the only one of us to understand that parenthood is the greatest of privileges. You won’t be the only one to realize that our petty selfishnesses and self-interests are, to the bigger duties of humanity and the race, as a raindrop to the river. (In the midst of his rather unusual eloquence Sara has suddenly remembered Aunt Fannie. She gasps. She looks furtively toward the curtains which conceal the listener. In her confusion she clings rather frightenedly to her husband.) SARA Oh, Warren—I—I— WARREN You are ill! Darling, tell me what to do for you! SARA I— I— (Suddenly inspired) My smelling salts. In the upper left hand drawer of my dressing table. The drawer is locked—I think. Look for the key. First. (Warren rushes out of the room. Aunt Fannie emerges with the twinkle in her eye, but not on her lips.) SARA (Weakly) I—I forgot you were there. AUNT FANNIE Evidently. But don’t look so guilty, dear child. I was an old fool. (She caresses her niece’s hair very tenderly. Sara giggles.) [492] Man and Music By Ernest Bloch ( Translated, by Waldo Frank) (Ed. Note: M. Bloch is one of the most interesting figures in contemporary music. Recognized many years ago by such critics as Romain Rolland, he experienced great hardship in finding his proper place, because he failed to fit into any of the reigning European schools. To the Germans, his music seemed too French; to the French, too German. Accurately, his music is neither one nor the other. M. Bloch may found a school: but he belongs to none. This essay, in which so much of his personality and his battle are laid bare, has been written expressly for The Seven Arts.) THUS far the war does not seem to have had any great effect on music and musicians. I am not speaking from the practical standpoint, nor do I refer to the musicians who are at the front or to those who, from a safe distance in the rear, discuss with such violence the need of boycotting the music of the enemy. I am not thinking of the occasional music the war has called forth:—music in sentimental colored covers, military marches, songs for "charity bazaars," the inevitable current merchandise elaborated by smug gentlemen in the seclusion of their sitting-rooms. I do not believe in this "music from afar." And I am convinced that if anything permanent remains of all this, it will be some obscure plaint, some racy soldier-song sprung from the suffering or the ecstacy of action. At the beginning of the war, when it was the common belief that the struggle would be short, a fond hope prevailed that art and music would rise from it refreshed. But as the conflict drags on, and the end recedes, speculation about art [493] Man and Music has dropped away. All forces strain toward a single goal for which everything is sacrificed, and the social organism, at bay, has rallied all its energies for the narrow struggle of existence. During this vast and tragic upheaval in which almost the entire world is caught and which cannot fail to transform the entire aspect of things, what has music become? Has it also passed through the tempest, has it grown to be the voice of the people in their new sufferings and hopes? Can we find in it the impress of what is actually taking place? It seems not. Before all this overwhelming trouble, music remains indifferent. This, the most direct of all the arts, the art that is best qualified to express life and human passions in their entirety, seems to have remained alien to the great drama. There is something tragic in the degree to which music has gradually divorced itself from life and become an ego-centric and an artificial thing. Already before the War, it had wandered from the source where all art must find its strength and its continual rebirth; it was no longer the expression of our soul and of our mind, of our epoch with its struggles, its agonies and its aspirations. It lacked emotive life; it lacked humanity. In all its branches—creation, interpretation, modes of instruction and critique—it had become a cold and calculated thing, lifeless and unspirited. Music was no longer the emanation of a race and a people, a spontaneous birth out of life. It was a music of musicians. . . . This, one vaguely apprehended, was the situation before the war. And this has scarcely changed. The public loves the same type of sterile work; the exploiters continue to provide it. And "serious" composers persist in their obsession with technique and procedure. They discuss and argue. They laboriously create their arbitrary and brain-begotten works, while the emotional element—the soul of art—is lost in the passion for mechanical perfection. Everywhere, virtuosity of [494] Ernest Bloch means; everywhere, intellectualism exalted as the standard. This is the plague of our times, and the reason of its inevitable dearth. But this is not the first time that such perverse conditions have obtained in the history of art. Virtuosity of means, exalted as the end-and-all of art, the substitution of automatism for life are nothing new in music. There were the early excesses of the contrapuntalists in the first days of vocal polyphony. Later, "bel canto" was reduced to a vice, and more recently still instrumental virtuosity was carried to excess, just as today we have harmonic, contrapuntal, and orchestral acrobatics. But wherever this parisitism has prevailed, it has done so to the detriment of music. And it has been encouraged when the inventive and creative force was low: when the art’s true nourishment was meager. At such times, the artist, creative and interpretive, is driven to a substitute for real emotion and real life. The artifice of form is a last resource with which he holds the languishing attention of a weary public. II. Only that art can live which is an active manifestation of the life of the people. It must be a necessary, an essential portion of that life, and not a luxury. It must have its roots deep within the soil that brings it forth. Needless to say, it cannot be the direct output of crowds; but, however indirectly, they must have contributed to its substance. A work of art is the soul of a race speaking through the voice of the prophet in whom it has become incarnate. Art is the outlet of the mystical, emotional needs of the human spirit; it is created rather by instinct than by intelligence; rather by intuition than by will. Primitive and elemental races have had marvelous arts; and there have been periods of superior civilization, sterile in this form of expression: particularly those in [495] Man and Music which the practical and intellectual elements have been dominant Indeed, it would seem as if certain social states like certain individual conditions give forth an atmosphere that is hostile to art and exclude it. And it is a proper question whether a society, primarily utilitarian like our own, is of a sort to foster art. For art is a completely disinterested function; it is free of all practical compromise and deaf to the law of supply and demand. Still, the nutritive elements of art are not wanting among us. Throughout its many avatars, humanity remains the same; the conflicts that spring from human passion change only in outer semblance, and scarcely in that! The struggle of man with nature and the struggle of man with man are as tragic as ever. There is little distinction between the ancient war of primordial tribes and the modern war of the trenches. Despite the development of machinery and of the technique of living, no gulf separates the toiling of millions in the choking furnaces of Pittsburgh from the passionate and painful struggle of the first men at the dawn of history for food and shelter. The picture is one; its light alone is different. It is the eternal wrestling of man with matter. There was a time, however, when men drew inspiration from their daily life and their daily conflicts. Everything had its deep aspect of poetry. But today the artist turns away and avoids what ought to command him. Where he should plunge into life, feel himself impregnate with it, draw forth its essence magnified and ennobled, he prefers to devote his powers to the inventing of an artificial work. This schism between life and art is a dangerous one indeed. It may well make of art what it has already made of religion : a dogmatic and dessicated form, remote from nature, morbid, lifeless, a fairy-tale that has lost all its meaning. Why has this break between life and art occurred? It is a vast and complex problem; for the factors linking [496] Ernest Bloch an art to a culture are numerous and subtle, especially in music. Moreover, the experience of history is not always commandingly helpful. An equation that was once true may today be false, since the terms have altered with the evolving facts. Still, among the impulses that have driven art into its present perverted state there are two which appear to me to be essential: the industrial development which art has undergone and the acute intellectualism of our times. These two elements have enslaved the artist; they have taken from him, little by little, and in many subtle ways, his freshness of sensation, his complete sincerity and his freedom. Art is becoming an industry. It is in the hands of exploiters of all stamps, men who wring great profits from it, who presume to "direct" it and to regulate its "market," which, like all markets, is subject to the law of supply and demand. Unhappy is the fate of the independent and original artist, if he is not rich and lacks a second nature, that of the merchant! Either he is crushed, annihilated by the vast and terrible machine of art; or, if he prefers not to starve to death, he is forced to conform to the laws and the conditions of these art-traffickers! Let him rush to a place under their yoke, if he wants to eat! This is one of the shames of our social system: of all art, it favors most the meretricious and the degraded. It encourages the production of those sweetened, cloying works, of all those lies that today poison the public; it supports those "arrangements"— derangements rather—that mutilate our masterpieces for the sake of profit. It produces that surfeit of facile mediocrity whose false contagion ruins the taste, of the masses. And, on the other hand, it pushes aside the true artist whose sincerity is useless, since it lacks a market-value. This commercialism is universal in the world of art. What does one usually learn from the concert-programs? Does one find there a love of art, or a fad for artists? Is there any end [497] Man and Music to the concessions that are made from commercial motives? Always and again, the law of supply and demand. Conductors and virtuosi repeat ad nauseam the drummed-out, antiquated works that flatter their patrons. Our concerts have become dead museums; and what they have to offer has no real relation with the life about us. Moreover, the dissatisfaction is widespread; great is the hunger for release. But it is vague and undirected. Inertia has its way. This shameful state of affairs has of course infected the press. In Europe, doubtless in America as well, place and attention are not always accorded to the true work of art, to the true man of art. Public opinion has become vitiated; and those whose mission it is to enlighten the masses are most active in perverting them. This, however, is only one side of the question. It explains but one aspect, the "nether regions" of art. There is a whole category of artists whose material ease and conscience as well enable them to hold, far aloof from all this promiscuous evil. But are they, for all this, freer than the others? Are they free to live, to see, to feel, to think first and then to proclaim what they have received, without constraint and without concession? I think not. Another tyranny, equally dangerous, holds them down. They are not the slaves of merchant-editors and directors, of an easy and degraded public taste; but they are the slaves of the conventions of our time, of fashion, of the attenuated pleasures of a special set. Above all, they are subject to the intellectualism which by its constraint withers and renders false the true conception of art. Most of our artists today do not live an ample, integrated life. Their life is rarified, cerebral, artificial: largely a seeking of technique. In certain epochs of history, broad truths, social, political or religious, have set up wide currents of thought and feeling that have swept man along in a unity of action and of faith. In such times, art has been one with life and its expres- [498] Ernest Bloch sion has stood for humanity. Egypt, Greece, the Middle Ages, the Renaissance knew such an art. It seems to me that the latest example of one of these collective states of soul in music was Richard Wagner; for in him we find incarnate the future dream and development of his race. But since Wagner’s time no great conception, no great conviction has fertilized mankind. On the other hand, the critical instinct has developed, the positive sciences have reigned; industrialism and the vulgarization of art, heightened communication and interchange of ideas have foisted on our consciousness a febrile mixture of thought and feeling. We find the most hostile theories living side by side. The old convictions are shattered, and new ideas are not strong enough to become convictions. Everywhere there is chaos. And art indeed has been the mirror of our uncertainties. It is significant to find, in a single epoch, the flourishing of works and styles so varied and so opposed: Reger to Strauss, Mahler to Schoenberg; Saint Saens to d’Indy or Debussy; Puccini to Dukas. Our arts tend more and more toward an individualistic, non-representative and non-racial expression. Nor is the factitious renaissance of national arts which manifested itself before the war to be taken seriously. The ardor of these prophets was an affair of the will, of the intellect. Their influence on the real domain of art is negligible. There can be no doubt, for instance, that a great artist like Claude Debussy stands for the best and purest traditions of the French. But he is representative chiefly aesthetically and in form. The essence of his inspiration has little in common with the present state of France. He stands far less for France than a Rabelais, a Montaigne, a Voltaire, a Balzac, a Flaubert. He represents in reality only a small part of his country.* *Perhaps it is unjust to seek this manifestation of France in her music. Her poets and novelists, painters and sculptors are certainly more typical. Each race has its arts of predilection. [499] Man and Music Debussy represents the goal of the preraphaelite doctrines propounded by the symbolist poets and painters of France. Above all, he represents Claude Debussy. And it is precisely in this fact that his immense value lies; his personality, his special individuality. Unfortunately, this is not what musicians have sought in him. Quite on the contrary, they appreciate and emulate the exterior part of his work which is of importance only because of what it expresses; so that the fate of Debussy has been the usual one. First, he was ignored. Now, he is understood and admired only through his superficial and trivial qualities. An army of imitators, of second-hand manufacturers, pounced on the technique of Claude Debussy. And through their ironical activities that which was the peculiar accent of a peculiar personality becomes a debased tongue: musicians who have nothing in common with Debussy now think that they must use his words. And criticism which seems perennially unable to distinguish the true work from the pastiche exalts with the same adjectives the authentic expression and the sickening imitation. Of course, the language of Debussy has become vulgarized and denatured; false usage has emptied it of its native color. It has become a mechanical procedure, without power and without soul. And the consequence, as with Wagner, has been a constant musical depreciation. For the ears of these moderns Debussy is already "vieux jeu." Debussy has had to be outbidden. From one tonal exaggeration to another, we have been hurried along until our ears have become actually perverse and incapable of savoring the clean and fresh beauty of old masterpieces. Our appetite increases for still hotter spices, for still wilder complexities.* First, the Wagnerians created "Wagnerism" — a narrow *	The same external evolution has taken place in the domains of counterpoint and orchestration. [500] Ernest Bloch doctrine that declared itself the absolute truth; then the admirers of Debussy forged their "debussysme," a doctrine equally narrow and equally intolerant of the past. And now comes a new aesthetic—that of the bored ones! It is based exclusively upon technical considerations. With the charge of rhetoric it denies most of the superb eras of musical history, as if its own rhetoric were better!—and it succeeds utterly in confounding the means of art with its end. Its cry is for novelty, and still more novelty. If our fathers were the slaves of custom, the new school is the slave of novelty. This frenzied search for originality has led to cubism, futurism, all those tendencies which above everything are creations of reason and not of feeling. Here is a new criterion; and all our musicians, artists, critics are touched by it in some degree. When I say that they are not free, I mean that an intellectual barrier exists between their emotion and their work—a sort of sensory perversion that twists their thoughts, inhibits their inspiration, and warps their taste. They are forever thinking of the development of their art — not as the corollary of a logical growth of thought, not as a spontaneous expression of life, but as a thing-in-itself, apart from life. And the truth is that they neither understand nor are interested in anything so much as the elaboration of their technique. III. In conclusion, I should say that at the present time the world of art is divided into two great currents. The lower one is that of the masses : their facile taste is sinking with the love of platitude and the weight of mechanical inventions— phonograph, pianola, cinematograph.* The other current is that of the "high-brow." With perverted taste, it looks on *	Witness the slow but sure degradation of the lyric theater. [501] Man and Music art as a luxury, as a purveyor of rare sensations, as a matter of intellectual acrobatics. Both on its higher and lower levels art has broken with life. And this, doubtless, explains why the fearful events now transfiguring mankind have had so little effect upon it. The two worlds gravitate upon different orbits. But what must be the result? Are we at a period of transition; or are we virtually on the decline? Like all things, art is born, lives, dies. Is its story told? Are we definitively approaching a world of materialism, of egotism, of sensual satisfaction? Is the soul to atrophy in the dry-dust atmosphere of industrialism which now swirls about us and whose chaotic noises overwhelm and submerge us, day by day? Or is a rebirth coming? Perhaps. I, for one, do not believe that Humanity has finished its march. Humanity has merely turned a corner. We are not ready to deny the best within ourselves. But, to be sure, it will not be formulas, procedures, new theories that will create the art of tomorrow! Form is all important, since by means of it the artist materializes his vision; and for new thoughts there must indeed spring up new manners and modes of expression. In this sense, all experiment is better than mere stagnation and the effort of the tasters of art will not have been in vain. However false their direction, they at least work upon the soil in which must stir the harvest of tomorrow. They set their stakes. But the harvest cannot rise until a new seed has been planted. Will the war bring forth that seed? I am rather of the opinion that this will be a distant consequence. I believe that some day we shall be weary of this daily miserable struggle, that a little true love will be reborn in the withered hearts of men. Perhaps, after our hatred, kindled only by a few, there will come one of those cleansing revolutions that will shake the world on its foundations and sweep away the poisonous vapors. Perhaps, then, a new life will rise up and [502] Ernest Bloch with it something of youth and verdure and joy; while the old limping religions, the gods in whom no one believes, will be swept away with the ruins. A new dawn will shine, and in their hearts men will feel once more the eternal flame that they believed extinct. A little fraternity, a little love, a little gladness will gleam on the face of the world and catch up the hearts of all men in one impulse, in one rhythm. And for these new hearts there will need to be new songs ! I	am certain, then, that art, like a thirsty and withered plant which finds once more its native soil, will replunge its yearning roots into the old, good earth; it will hold fast; it will drain the pith of life, and, quite naturally, without effort, having found its home, its truth, it will blossom afresh. [503] THE SEVEN ARTS AN EXPRESSION OF ARTISTS FOR THE COMMUNITY Editor James Oppenheim Associate Editors Waldo Frank Van Wyck Brooks Advisory Board Kahlil Gibran	Robert Frost Louis Untermeyer Robert Edmond Jones Edna Kenton	David Mannes WE need to be a great nation. The need is deep : the want is felt up and down the land. Nothing has given us a clearer picture of ourselves than the glare of the Great War, whose fierce fires burning round the world show us to be thin silhouettes moving about without real purposes and meanings. This is the disillusionment of Midas, whose touch turned everything to gold. Our younger generation is sick of it: it turns with disgust against the soft ideal of universal comfort and the ennui of a colorless social life, a purposeless round of petty sensations. Human nature has [504] The Seven Arts stronger and angrier hungers than an unrelieved industrialism can meet: and a race that has gone out time and again to suffer and to die for ideas and symbols, for abstract conceptions like "freedom" and "democracy," for visions like that of the Grail and of God, cannot now be content alone with factory-work, or business, or the flat metallic taste of money. WE aspire, as our fathers’ fathers did, for something beyond ourselves, which we may love or hate, and to which we may so give ourselves that life acquires an interest, an intensity, a fine rigorous quality that tests us athletically and brings all our submerged powers into play. We aspire to be alive in every part of ourselves. No ancient symbols embalmed in books and bibles will serve us. We cannot become a crusading people united in God or in Christ. We have no kings to overthrow in the name of fraternity and equality. We have no sense of imperial destiny, to shape a barbarian world with the sword. We have no tradition to revive, no common heritage to fight for. We have something to seek which we know is in ourselves and of ourselves : the greatness which a youth seeks when he knows that he must put away childish things and be a man. AMERICA must grow up and take its place in the world. It is in nationality today that the race finds that larger self to which the individual may give all and so become human and high. The dream of vague internationalism that loosely caught the imagination a decade ago is gone: we see it as a false flare that led nowhere. "Produce great persons," said Whitman; "the rest follows." And so we know today that before we have the planetary community we must have great national personalities. To make the coming inter-nation we need nations. America must be one of them: we know that. And so, when Mr. Wilson stood up in [505] The Seven Arts January and pledged America to a league for peace and a place in the world-councils, for the first time we found that basis on which our nationality might integrate: that center of purpose and willingness to serve around which America could find itself. BUT this is not enough. We need more than a goal, we need more than the suffering that even war entails. We need to be able to open our lips and sing together; we need to be able to open our spirits to the deepest intuitions of our future; we need to be able to incarnate our longings and our aspirations in works that shall reveal us to ourselves. A nation finds itself when it creates a great book, a great architecture, a great music. It is like a man finding himself when he begins to love. In the emotion which lifts him out of himself, and which colors all his world with miraculous meanings, he transcends himself, and at last lives. It is when the emotion of a people is awakened and lifted up into the greatness of art —whether that art is like the prophecies in the Old Testament or like the drama of Greece or the sculpture and painting of Italy—it is when a people not only suffers for a greater self, and sets up goals for thinking and action, but is able also to love these things, that at last nationality comes to birth, and there is greatness and life. Such is the American need: perhaps the hour is at hand.	J. O. [506] The Seven Arts and The Seven Confusions By Joel Elias Spingarn THERE are as many arts as there are artists,—the number is not seven, but countless as the stars. We group them in constellations for our convenience, not theirs; seven units are more easily handled than a trillion. The confusions in regard to them are countless too; the actual number is far greater; but they may also be gathered for our convenience into seven groups,—"seven" has the perfume of a mystic tradition kept fragrant by the superstition of generations of men. So I begin with a roll-call of them all: Poets write for money; poets are influenced by their environment; poets write in meters; poets write tragedies and comedies; poets are moral or immoral; poets are democratic or aristocratic; poets use figures of speech. The first of the Seven Confusions, then, is this, that "Poets write for money." This is only one way of stating a misconception of the nature of art that might be phrased in a hundred different ways. The most common form today is perhaps this : "Plays are written to be acted, not read." The confusion remains exactly the same when it is put: "Plays are written to be read, not acted." We are not concerned with the fact (if it be a fact) but with its implication for criticism. The poet may find that a brisk walk stimulates his writing, or that he can write more easily when he has smoked a cigarette. The walk or the cigarette has not produced the poetry; [507] The Seven Arts and The Seven Confusions it has simply served as a stimulus to the personality that creates the poetry. It opens the faucet, but neither produces nor modifies the water that pours out. Other poets find that they cannot write easily without the stimulus of imagined reward,—money, the plaudits of the crowd, the resplendent beauty of theatrical performance. But men with the same ambitions write different poems or plays, and in this difference lies the real secret of art. For after all, whatever the imaginary stimulus, there is only one real urge in the poet’s soul, to express what is in him. To trifle with the plumbing, after the faucet has been turned on, instead of drinking the water, is hardly the function of the critic or lover of art. To say, therefore, that poets write for money, that playwrights write for the stage, that painters paint to be "hung," is to confuse mere stimulus with creative impulse. The second confusion, that "Poets are the products of their environment," is a twisted corollary of the first. We need not quarrel with the statement so long as it remains suspended in the air, as a vague generalization that can do no harm unless it carries with it the further implication that a study of the environment helps us to understand the poetry. Not what the poet’s environment may have been, but what he has made out of it, is what interests us in a poem. The secret of a unique personality (if one may use the phrase when personality means nothing but uniqueness) is what the reader enjoys and the critic seeks to discover. Sociologists may trouble themselves about external and superficial resemblances between artists or groups of artists; aesthetic critics are concerned only with the unbridgeable differences. To look for a poet’s power outside of his work rather than in it, to assume that his relation to his environment is of any concern whatever to a lover or critic of poetry, is to confuse criticism and sociology. The most deeply imbedded superstition in regard to art, however, is concerned with its external form. The third con- [508] Joel Elias Spingarn fusion, that "Poets write in meters," is therefore one of the oldest of all the confusions. Aesthetic theorists have waged a battle against it, from the days of Aristotle, who said that poetry is distinguished from history by something more essential than meter, and that the history of Herodotus would remain history even if written in verse, to our own day, when Benedetto Croce, the only modern who may be mentioned in the same breath with him, has left the old confusion without any ground to stand on. The fact is that there is no real distinction between prose and verse. Out of the infinite varieties of rhythm in human speech, it is possible, for convenience’ sake, to separate the more regular from the more irregular, and to call one verse and the other prose: to say where one ends and the other begins is impossible. But to build a system on these empirical and convenient classifications is to confuse superficial likenesses with the realities of creative art. For after all no two poets write in the same meters. I may imagine that I am writing an iambic pentameter, or a line with a certain succession of beats or accents, but in reality I am creating a new line. If that line is good it is because of some special virtue of its own, and not because of some imaginary and purely external resemblance to something else. Poets do not use old meters, but each poet creates rhythms of his own. What is true of meter is also true of language itself. To speak of "learning a language" is to risk the danger of the same confusion; we do not learn language, we learn how to create it. That is why it is so wide of the mark to say, as Max Eastman does, that "to sail into a man" is or is not a good expression because it means the same as the Latinism "to inveigh against a man." "Inveigh" may etymologically mean "sail into;" but if language is a living thing,—a form of art, not to be torn from its context or understood outside of it,—the Latin word helps to explain the English as much as the disinterred skeleton of a thirteenth century English yeoman helps us to [509] The Seven Arts and The Seven Confusions understand the personality of Max Eastman. It is inconceivable that a modern thinker should still adhere to abstract tests of good expression, when it is obvious that we can only tell whether it is good or bad when we see it in its natural context. Is any word artistically bad in itself? Is not "ain’t" an excellent expression when placed in the mouth of an illiterate character in a play or story? To deal with abstract classification instead of the real thing,—versification instead of poetry, grammar instead of language, technique instead of painting,— is to be guilty of confusing form as concrete expression with form as a dead husk. The fourth confusion may be summed up in the phrase: "Poets write tragedies or comedies." It is true that poets set out with the intention of writing them, although they have only the vaguest idea of what they mean by the terms ; and it is equally true that their work may be impeded by false conceptions of these literary forms. But fortunately for us, their real achievement is independent of this confused ambition. Tragedy, comedy, lyric, epic, and other words of this sort, are simply convenient ways of classifying works of art, just as books may be classified as tall or small, cloth-bound or morocco-bound, for the purpose of arrangement in libraries, or men may be classified as tall or small for the purpose of arrangement in a company of soldiers. We shall always find these terms useful, in poetry no less than in libraries or regiments, and the confusion arises only when it is implied (as is almost always implied) that the classification is not merely a matter of convenience, but a law of art by which poems are to be judged. For example, a critic studies a number of poems having a certain resemblance and called tragedies; out of this study he evolves a "law of tragedy" and then attempts to impose it on the first poet who writes another poem of somewhat the same kind. "Sir," we hear him say throughout the ages, "you have disregarded all the laws of good tragedy, and your [510] Joel Elias Spingarn poem is therefore no good." The poet’s answer should be a very simple one: "There are no laws of good tragedy; there are only good or bad poems." No rule, no theory, no "law" coined by critics or scholars has any validity for the poet in the creative act; and when that act is completed and the poem achieved, the critic must make his theory of tragedy chime with the new poet’s poem, not the poem with the theory. Only in one sense has any of these terms any profound significance, and that is the use of the word "lyric" to represent the free expressiveness of all art. The Divine Comedy, Lear, Michelangelo’s David, a Corot landscape, or a Bach fugue is as truly lyric as any of the scrips of Heine or Shelley. The fifth confusion, that "Poets are moral or immoral," is also world-old. We should no longer banish poets from an ideal Republic because of the immorality of their art, as Plato did; but most of us still confuse art with morals. To say that poetry is moral or immoral is as meaningless as to say that an equilateral triangle is moral and an isosceles triangle immoral. Surely we must realize the absurdity of testing anything by a standard which does not belong to it or a purpose for which it was not intended. Imagine these whiffs of conversation at a dinner table: "This cauliflower would be excellent if it had only been prepared in accordance with international law." "Do you know why my cook’s pastry is so good? He has never told a lie or seduced a woman." But why multiply obvious examples? We do not concern ourselves with morals when we test the engineer’s bridge or the scientist’s researches; indeed we go farther, and say that it is the moral duty of the scientist to disregard morals in his search for truth. As a man he may be judged by moral standards, but the truth of his conclusions can only be judged by the standard of science. Beauty’s world is remote from both these standards; she aims neither at morals nor at truth. Her imaginary creations, by definition, make no [511] The Seven Arts and The Seven Confusions pretence to reality, and cannot be judged by reality’s tests. Art is expression, and poets succeed or fail by their success or failure in completely and perfectly expressing themselves. If the ideals they express are not the ideals we admire most, we must blame not the poets but ourselves: in the world where morals count we have failed to give them the proper material out of which to rear a nobler edifice. To separate art and morality is not to destroy moral values but to augment them, —to give them increased powers and a new freedom in the realm in which they have the right to reign. In modern America it would be strange if our practical hopes did not lead us into a sixth confusion,—that "Poets are democratic or aristocratic,"—as if art were concerned with the political program of the poet any more than with his moral standards. It is easy to sneer at Shakespeare and Dante as "reactionaries," but it is difficult to see what this has to do with the quality of their poetry, unless we are to assume that only men of our own political or economic convictions can be good poets. It is as hard to write a good poem on democracy as on aristocracy; alas, it would seem even harder, if we may judge from the experience of poets. To find fault with the past because it is not exactly like the present is as good a test as one needs of a shallow mind; and to find fault with good poetry because it is not good political science or good sociology is a fairly serviceable test of the incompetent critic. It is not the purpose of poetry to further the cause of democracy, or any other practical "cause," any more than it is the purpose of bridge-building to further the cause of Esperanto. If a poet consecrates himself to the spread of democratic ideals, his work still remains to be tested by the standards of art, not of politics. Criticism is concerned with the question, "Has he written a good poem?" and is not helped in its decision by the answer to a wholly different and indifferent question : [512] Joel Elias Spingarn "Is he a democrat, a conservative, a Socialist, or a psychoanalyst?" Somewhat similar is the attempt of critics to determine the subject-matter of poetry, no less than the political convictions of poets. It is an old illusion: in the seventeenth century, for example, Boileau belabored the poets who had the temerity to prefer Christian to Greek mythology. Today the critics are insisting on the use of contemporary material, and are praising the poets whose subjects are drawn from the life of their own time. But even if it were possible for critics to impose subjects on poets, how can the poets deal with anything but contemporary material? How can a twentieth century poet, even when he imagines that he is concerned with early Greek or Egyptian life, deal with any subject but the life of his own time, except in the most external and superficial detail? Cynical critics have said since the first outpourings of men’s hearts, "There is nothing new in art; there are no new subjects for the poet." But the very reverse is true. There are no old subjects; every subject is new as soon as it has been transformed by the imagination of the poet. Finally, there is the confusion which is represented by the statement that "poets write metaphors." Poets write a good many things, so many that it is hard to say what they do write; frequently they even write nonsense; but one thing we may be sure they do not write, and that is the impossible. Metaphors are myths created by grammarians which have no reality in the poet’s world or any other. The misconception involved in these "figures of speech" is that style is something separate from the work of art and not part and parcel of its inner being. It is conceived as an ornament to be added to or subtracted from expression instead of as expression itself. If "lion-hearted" be only another way of saying "brave," why use one rather than the other? Or if they mean something different, however slight, why say that one is used for the [513] The Seven Arts and The Seven Confusions other at all? We have inherited these figures from the old Greek rhetoricians, and in any theory of style as concrete expression they have no place. Every phrase is a thing in itself, always indefinably new, wherever it may be, never representing anything but itself in the exact context where it is found for the first and only time. It can never be exactly the same, even when it is used again in the same passage; and, it has been well said that the word "love" in Dante’s famous line, "Amor, che a nullo amato amar perdona," is not the same word thrice repeated, but must be considered artistically as three separate and distinct expressions. The misconception involved in all these "confusions" is the same,—it is to mistake anatomy for personality, the husk for the core, the dead for the living, abstractions for realities, non-art for art. A Poor Thing, But Our Own By Harold Stearns SINCE the war the amiable illusions of those who have been so busily announcing the dawn of an American drama have curiously paralleled the naive despairs of those who only a few seasons ago were bewailing the utter mediocrity of our native plays. It is a typical swing of the pendulum, for American prophets seem still to derive a childlike delight from the romantic extreme—in the home of the superlative and the illuminated advertisement popular essayists must cling to the sharp, pure black or white generalization. Of course, if we had ever had an American drama at all, strictly speaking, it would be easier to forgive this perpetual critical adolescence. But the awkward age becomes really such, when prolonged. And the truth is, we have had at the most only a few playwrights, more or less successfully imitative of their English or European superiors, an occasional play redolent of America and its youthful, barbaric, wistful, humorous spirit (usually a farce), a few really fine genre pieces, and some first-class melodramas. Surely the post-bellum sentimentalities of the 70’s and 80’s or the "Shore Acres" and "Sag Harbor" of Herne are not hugged to our collective bosom as the first tender flower of national self-consciousness, nor can the steady development of our farces from irresponsible burlesque to frank imitation of the humors of the boulevard be said to express the spiritual history of a people. Even when clever or, more rarely, of genuine poetic grace, our abortive intellectualistic dramas, so [515] A Poor Thing, But Our Own earnestly admired by absurd, self-conscious "uplift" societies, are dreary unrealities. Literally, they are déracinés—homeless. They spring from the top levels of disinherited minds; disinherited, I mean, of national traditions or a strong racial sub-soil. In a word, we have not yet produced an American drama, and it will be time to despair of it when it exists. Meanwhile, our theater will remain a sort of critical No-Man’s-Land, where every dogmatic dilettante can discover exactly what it pleases him to discover, and every personal mirage can be called the true dawn. Just now, for example, it is the fashion to be valiantly optimistic and every month to herald the glad tidings of the renaissance. Yet I cannot but believe that the current optimistic accent is the true accent. Ultimately we are sure to possess a distinctive American drama, just as we already possess a distinctive commercial architecture. In the long run can a nation escape individuality in the theater any more than it can escape individuality in speech? Because we have been bolder and more creative in the externals of life than in the amenities is no necessary sign that our culture, our vie intérieure, as Romain Rolland calls it, must always be awkward and self-conscious except when imitating foreign models. Sooner or later we are almost sure to possess a fund of plays and a method of attack which will be everywhere recognized as peculiarly our own. If our individuality seems stifled now, the final release may be all the more thrilling. But this longed-for transvaluation of values in our theater to American values will most certainly be unduly delayed unless we soon mend our ways. We bring to our stage an incredible amount of cant and intellectual snobbery which has the effect not merely of muddying and thwarting our own interpretation of American plays, but of likewise intimidating our playwrights. They are frightened into furtive imita- [516] Harold Stearns tions of what they have been told is correct in an older and more sophisticated tradition; they are ashamed of that portion of their work which is truly American as flippant or shoddy and hide it, or, goaded by the jeers and indifference of the intelligentsia, parade it in the every-day theater with an over-cynical commercialism. Human nature seems to be extraordinarily simple in those elements which cluster around the instincts of vanity. Even what a mid-Western Browning society would call the most debased and corrupted of dramatists craves intelligent appreciation. Denied everything except big audiences, it is small wonder he becomes strident in his eulogy of the "low-brow" and boasts, since he is allowed to boast of nothing else, of his bank account. Our steadily false Europeanized demand has resulted in almost the final perversion of taste. I am not speaking of our power to recognize the abstractly good from the abstractly bad, nor of the quickness of our response to excellent technique; I am speaking of our power to recognize the play which rests its assumptions on the American assumptions about life, and to distinguish it from the play which emerges from a foreign culture and tradition, or, as so frequently happens, from no culture or tradition at all. Yet it would be truer to say, not that we had lost this taste, but rather that we had never possessed it. We have to rely for our news about the beginnings of our own drama upon reporters who cannot recognize an American play when they see it. Their criteria, like nine-tenths of the pictures in our art galleries, are all imported. In fact we seem to have completely forgotten certain rudimentary things about the drama—that of all the arts it is the most popular; that when it becomes special or esoteric or too subtle or too intellectually radical it runs the serious danger of also becoming flabby and devitalized. The genius of the drama is the genius of the generality of its appeal. In America there is a distinct tendency to look upon the drama as a cui- [517] A Poor Thing, But Our Own turai agent rather than as what it is, a cultural expression. The true function of the drama does not lie in guiding and controlling and setting the pace for our emotional life, but in revealing and expressing that life. Its business is disclosure, not discipline. Every expression of life is, too, an educative force. But every generalization is only partly true, and I am arguing for an emphasis and an attitude, as it seems to me, of genuine pragmatic value. It involves certain critical commonplaces. Yet the infinite harm done to our playwrights by the coldness of the academicians and by the false cleavage established between the play of "popular" and the play of "special" appeal have together worked twice the damage so generally put upon the already sagging shoulders of stupid producers. There is a sophomoric mood of generous and impulsive idealism which hopes to exploit the drama for its big dividends in culture, which sees in playwriting a facile instrument for the propagating of new ideas. It is extraordinary how this mood persists and with what speed it acquires rigidity and intolerance. We simply will not be humble about the stage. We insist on the borrowed plumage of other traditions, because we are impatient at what we consider the barrenness of our own. Without the sympathy or insight to discover our own life, we cavalierly dismiss it as shabby and superficial and lean upon the fullness of emotional experience which is some one’s else. Dimly we recognize that we cannot have a great drama until, in one sense at least, we have a great life. But we are suspicious and skeptical of ourselves. We are afraid of what too many people like. Other nations’ masterpieces, wrought out of the fullness of time and tradition, lie ready to our hand, and it is easier to expatriate our taste. This confusion of our desires with reality, this expectation from our theater of what only foreigners may legitimately expect of theirs, has had certain very definite and vicious con- [518] Harold Stearns sequences. We long for the sophistications of Schnitzler from the movie-bred young playwrights of Indiana, or force the accent of Synge lyric tragedy from the Ford-owning Kansas litterateur. We expect the wit and realism of Shaw from the writers who have heard nine-tenths of their jokes in the Pullman smoker. That blending of mind and soil, that saturation of personality with the color and shape of its environment which comes from years of loving localism we also expect from a generation that moves every spring and spends a fair share of its life on trains. All the pageantry and romance and spiritual experiences of a slow, cumulative national life are invoked to the bitter bewilderment of the dramatist. We laud Clyde Fitch when he writes like W. S. Maugham at his drawing-room comedy best, and ignore the unpretentious, true middle-class Americanism of a tiny farce like "Too Many Cooks." We sniff at such really indigenous products as "Broadway Jones," to grow ecstatic over the exotic prettifactions of a "Yellow Jacket." Van Wyck Brooks has admirably described that easy optimism of an America which hardly dares do other than grow proud of its material success, but we scorn in the theater those flank sentimental attacks on it—attacks which, for all their fluff and sugar-coating, do suggest an honest emotional discontent. Even in the most conventional of the "relief from ordinary life" or mere wish dramas there is some expression of the fermenting forces stirring in the country, thin and timid though that expression be. Because of our polite shudders at their crudeness and newness these unfinished and inchoate rebellions receive no appreciation or encouragement. Indeed, no true-born American is supposed to experience any emotion deeper than the skin affection of the couples on the covers of cheap magazines or the thrill of justified satisfaction which comes from the worsting of business rivals in the approved manner of a guide-to-success. The emotional break-down of the [519] A Poor Thing, But Our Own "strong" man on the stage should be welcomed with cheers as a confession of our common clay with the rest of the world. Yet when, in a crisis, any American hero is other than whitecheeked, thin-lipped and determined, the critics sadly shake their heads and mutter "unreal." We are snobs about the theater almost in spite of ourselves. I am not attempting to eulogize American life as it is. I do not defend our vulgarity, our emotional inflexibility, our pre-occupation with material things, the immature pruriency which is expressed in the dare-devil titillations of our musical comedy. There are better if less articulate aspirations beneath these traits, but at present these are the predominant traits, and I defend the drama that springs from them—defend it not because it satisfies the soul of man, but because it is ours. If we wish really to encourage an American drama, we must resolutely accept what we already have. We must cease to be ashamed of our medium, and cease to long so intently for alien gold that we cannot complete the original statue in clay. The deeper fineness will come only with the time that will make our whole national life finer. Discontented with over-advertised, cheap, third-rate "road" companies in over-advertised trivialities, cities like St. Louis, San Francisco, Chicago, Los Angeles, Baltimore, Philadelphia and St. Paul have all built their own "little" theaters. Many of them are operated successfully on a sort of community basis. These enterprises still cater to the snobs. They produce the plays of Ibsen and Sudermann and Maeterlinck and Galsworthy, because those are the plays which the subscribers now want. The courage of their imagination extends to only what they are certain is good. Gradually, however, the lure of foreign excellence will conflict, I believe, with the curiosity which directs itself to the immediate and actual life. Our own drama and the creative spirit to forge it will emerge bit by bit as the need for self-interpretation becomes urgent. [520] Harold Stearns These community theaters may well be the foci of confused and troubled revolt at an environment which is so stark and unyielding that it has to cross the ocean to find emotional release. The progress of self-interpretation and creation will be hastened or retarded as we flinch or not before our own life. Possibly we shall never have the racial integrity nor the individuality of the comic point of view which comes with one blood. After all, we are a nation, not a race, and a heterogeneous nation at that. Different sections of the country have sharp and distinct economic and cultural backgrounds; politically we are still split in two by a sectionalism which reinforces a bitter memory by an actual historical "line." It will be difficult and perhaps impossible to transcend these variations in terms of a wider national experience. Nevertheless, I cannot but suspect that we shall discover far greater emotional reaches, far more uniqueness of attitude and mood than we now dare hope for, once we have become unashamed of our own drama, struggling, self-conscious, awkward and trivial. Only the frankness of real welcome will cure the fantasies of our youth. For the soul of man takes many shapes and even in America, once we have the courage to grasp the nettle of our own life, our drama may reveal ourselves to ourselves. We have first to recapture our self-respect. We have a humor that has often dissolved the world in laughter and helped keep it sane. Perhaps, too, we have a pathos. [521] Impressions of Jack London By Frank Pease IT was during that period—so common to college days of American youth—when all things plausible, unknown, vehement, beckon with the seductive glitter of the very Holy Grail itself, a period of intellectual wild oats sowing, that I first met Jack London. The meeting was characteristic of London. He tells of it in "John Barleycorn"—the "beer bust." There were present a couple of young teamsters—socialists, of course, a professor from Berkeley, a pugilist, a member of the Madero Junta just then forming in Los Angeles, young Captain Jack Mosby who, a year later, won high esteem from American Army officers along the Border, an Oakland city editor, the rest of us being boys from the University, very proud of so much of which we knew so little, and all, as London said, "squatting around like a pack of young wolves waiting to snap." It was veritably a white night, full of the unknown because London was full of the unknown and awoke in us that unknown but most instinctive emotion, hero-worship. It was vehement because college boys, young scamps of socialists, "John Barleycorn," London himself, all were vehement: a man’s night. It was a plausible night too, plausible with all the scintillant "white logic" of London’s persuasive socialism, and seductive with the overpowering and protean charm of London’s personality. As was once said of Diderot, one could believe anything London said, "for he talked as never man talked." [522] Frank Pease If I were asked what stood out sharpest from that night’s wild discussion of subjects fit only for the mælstromic brain of a Bakunin, a Mallarmé, or an Edgar Poe, it would be neither phrase nor theory, recitation nor song, tale of exploit nor thumbnail sketch of some socialistic utopia, but the eyes of Jack London. The eyes of Jack London were unforgettable. I have seen only a few eyes like his, all steel and dew, all sweetness and hidden ferocity, at once feline, challenging, devilish, as though they masked profound and terrible secrets like those lionfaced statues of Egyptian kings; eyes common enough, mayhap, when the world was young. They were, as Théophile Gautier said of the eyes of Baudelaire, "the color Spanish tobacco sometimes is," and sometimes they were tinted bronze, sometimes blue, and sometimes even black. London’s eyes changed with the changing color of his soul, and often seemed filled with the anguish of sins impossible to commit. Once I climbed a high sun-scorched hill in the southern Philippines at the heels of General Leonard Wood. But for the faint metallic clink of rifle rings and bridle trappings, the scuffle of feet, a few voices, all was as still and seemed as peaceful as a New England meadow in June. The General was speaking of the Army’s mastery of cholera. His eyes were a mild and meditative blue. Nothing could have been more instantaneous and magical than their change when a swarm of bullets whizzed and hummed around us like angry bees, our welcome from Datto Panglima Hassaan, outlawed prince of the island. In a moment all was turmoil. But for a moment only. Then advance: swift, certain, deadly. The General’s eyes burned in an indescribable irridescence with gleams like lightning flashes faintly masked by a storm cloud. Nothing else changed, neither the even tone of his voice nor the even pace of his movements; only his eyes; the eyes of a man unafraid, self-mastered, imperious. Since time began, [523] Impressions of Jack London men have worshipped, followed, suffered, died at the command of such men. The eyes of Jack London were like that: alert, as though to him life were a constant battlefield, or perhaps a jungle alive with poisonous and creeping things, terrible with hidden and malignant strengths, but a jungle that could also be pictured and mysterious with the winged upward flight of rainbow-tinted birds too sudden and too supple for capture. They were mutable, often indecipherable, always defiant eyes, like those of a von Hindenberg, a Kitchener, the Chicago anarchist Lingg, or the finder of Africa, Stanley. Index of a subtle and powerful personality, Jack London had eyes to inflame youth, inspire men, madden women. There was also much of the eternal "playboy" about London. A few days after our meeting he invited us to visit "The Snark." There he was the playboy indeed, though a playboy with a very real and a very magnificent toy. "The Snark" seemed an exquisite miniature of a ship. Everything about her had been designed for compactness, efficiency and strength. In her lines not even beauty was missing. London was very proud of her, as proud probably as of his latest book "The Iron Heel." She had been constructed under his own ever-watchful eyes, yet, such is the insecurity of modern craftsmanship, once at sea, she "leaked like a sieve," and did many other things unworthy of so costly and so personally constructed a craft. He told us her engines alone cost $18,000. Later, he wrote, they "gave trouble." Once London confessed he was "hopelessly" convinced of the value of sabotage, that surreptitious destruction of property practised by workers with a grudge or a "theory." Here was a boomerang returned with a vengeance. What he thought of sabotage when "The Snark" began to "give trouble" is familiar to readers of the "Voyage." In a democracy there lies just beneath the veneer of "equal- [524] Frank Pease ity" a very profound—because very aged—impulse: the impulse to obey, to follow, to believe. Jack London awakened these impulses in others because there was about him that surety which springs only from the impulse to command. But, owing to the universal and nihilistic habit of criticism permitted every man, regardless of his stature, these are severely inhibited and much tortured impulses in America. If those eighteenth century doctrines of the political equality of all men, the belief in a general truth which can be made common to all, the democratic dislike of recognizing the mark or stamp of any particular quality as belonging to particular men, if this had not been the milieu in which London moved, his imaginative powers would have surely conducted him to that temple of immortality which is literature. Instead, it turned him invariably to autobiography. Feeling in himself precisely those qualities which set him off from other and commoner men, and being an "actionist" primarily, in order to prove his uniqueness to himself he had to put this self into his writing. But this does not make for fine art. Indeed, it is one of the faults of youth and of democracy that their literature is largely autobiographic; personal rather than classically imaginative, as were the works of Goethe or Pater. Both these men could transcend their own time, their own race, their own day, and the limitations of their own contact with life; Goethe because he walked through it; Pater because he was not of it. With but the rarest exceptions, only the sophistications of age and of a background of long-established political and social traditions can make for that detached enthusiasm which achieves perfection in literature. Nationalism, for example, being taken for granted, there is so much they need not bother with. In our country the exceptions have been Poe, Hawthorne, Emerson and Henry James. Jack London never attained this goal, though what he did realize is as essential to the making of America, if [525] Impressions of Jack London not of literature, as the work of any other contemporary. If London had been a "man of affairs" instead of a writer he would have had a surprisingly extensive following. Youth —especially in a democracy—has to combat that insidious undertow, the democratic denial of special and particular merit being the quality only of special and particular men. As Heine once said: "We are all equal today—may God have pity on us!" Yet even in such conditions, a man like London could have attained more power as a leader of men than he ever did as their analyst or their chronicler. London possessed the right instinct for power but gave it the wrong application. To me London will always be more a personality than a writer. I shall treasure his writings, but burn incense before the memory of the man himself. It is not customary in America to deal so intimately with the personal appeal of men. We deal with their "policies," their social status, their works, especially their faults, seldom with that vital element which differentiates them from all other men, the substance which makes them either the rulers of men or the ruled. Our American license in criticism has confused and blurred all distinctions until at last even the "ruler men" are poisoned. Today such men doubt their own right to rule. And doubt is the mortal flaw in the Achillean armor of superiority. They are afraid to shout aloud that old Scottish battle-cry of Lord Claverhouse: "Let each cavalier who loves honor and me, up with the bonnets of bonnie Dundee!" "Who loves honor and me"—strange, even fearful words to twentieth century American ears; yet the sort of words America needs; and just the quality London had to give. Science has strewn with opprobrious names the impulse of men to stand or fall by those personal qualities which are their very own and none others’. Science has called such impulses "ego-mania," "exaggerated ego," "mono-mania." But the [526] Frank Pease spirit of science is democratic, a leveller, a debaser of the golden coin of superior merit. Science is the mask of utilitarianism, just as, in politics, republicanism is but the latest mask of Demos, and not the free play of free men leading, commanding and ordering life by virtue of their innate superiority. We had a classic example of this in the last Republican Convention when Mr. Roosevelt, though holding pronounced personal opinions on national problems, showed himself thoroughly habituated to the ways of parties, played the party game—and lost. He seemed not great enough to have created his own party: the Roosevelt Party. The great hour for his personal coup came, paused, passed. "The Party!" Struck by this magic formula, he fell. But time has been when men made themselves, their likes and dislikes, their very inmost egoisms, the heart and soul of a movement. Today, as Nietzsche wrote : "Everywhere I see smaller doorways." And for what? Smaller men? Jack London was the type of man to have commanded other men. Instead, he chose to write about them—and himself. He should have been of greater value to American public life than he was to American literature. For America needs men quite as much as she needs literature; personal men; men with the egoism to command, to dare, to execute. But literature demands quite other qualities than are de-manded of public life, or at least these qualities transmuted to a more refined and subtler key. Life should follow, not lead literature. That egoism which can produce only autobiography may be disastrous to literature but invaluable to public life. Victim of an inescapable egoism, a fixed inability to avoid autobiography, London was tortured by the vision of a "perfect literature" quite as Tolstoi and Strindberg were eventually tortured by the vision of a "perfect morality," and quite [527] Impressions of Jack London as hopelessly. Where Tolstoi’s egoism proved that l'âge dangereux is not confined to women, London’s egoism proved that he should not have confined himself to literature nor any other matter in which "perfection" is the desideratum. For he could not achieve the masterly but "corrupt simplicity" of a George Moore nor the "ultimate word" and "right accent" of a Joseph Conrad. Of Moore London once said: "I hate that man. I disagree with everything he says—but I read every damn word!" And once, while reading Conrad’s "Personal Record," London rushed up to a friend—his beloved and inimitable "Terrence"—with these words: "There! Look at that! Here’s Conrad saying a thing about a dog in two words that I’ve been trying all my life to say, and couldn’t!" London fought hard against the tug of autobiography. He undoubtedly aspired to the calm heights of Pater’s Parnassus. He would have liked "to burn always with a hard gemlike flame." In spite of his desire his flame was but a candle; a bright candle; even one that at times shed a mellow and golden light, but none the less a candle, possessing neither the clear sharp outlines of a Sainte-Beuve nor the gem-like rays of a Pater. London turned "Psyche’s Task" to vivisection; not of the soul but of the body. He was too obsessed by science, thinking to stalk secrets in the labyrinth of tissue or cavernous cell, which again turned him to autobiography. But literature is not "scientific." Science limits one to "facts." Autobiography limits one to his own limitations. Pure literature permits a Chatterton to write of the mediaeval clash of arms and armor though living in an eighteenth century garret, and enables a Keats to sing of serene Greece in a smoke-laden metropolis. London’s boisterous candor brought him success too early. He should have learned more and written less before thirty. He had the deplorable modern habit of applying scientific [5^8] Frank Pease principles to things that do not matter in the least. Above all, that not quite delineable but very essential art, the sure instinct for what not to say, what not to emphasize, was never his. Art is not every reality, every form. Art is significant reality, significant form. The Sturm und Drang of art is to give life this significance. Today’s realities should be art’s yesterdays. This demands an innate or acquired sophistication from the artist, and his strictest practice of three aristocratic principles: culture, selection, simplicity; the culture which comes only of age and an atmosphere of social stability; the selection which is austere, meditative, certain; and the simplicity which has completed the cycle of primitive imitation, accident and candor. It has been said that London’s popularity fell off with his startlingly autobiographic work "John Barleycorn." It is not surprising. The book was too self-revealing, too contradictory of accepted canons, too offending to the erstwhile tastes of readers capable of admiring De Quincey but not the intimate anecdote of Bacchus himself. Wilde’s "What has a man’s morals to do with his art?" is a catchy epigram, but it contains not a grain of truth. A man’s morals has everything to do with his art or he is no artist. It is permissible, perhaps essential, that an artist be moral. What we object to is his being a moralist. That interferes with his art. In "John Barleycorn" London was both moralist and immoralist, flirting dangerously with too profound an enemy of mankind and of art to justify making it more alluring than it already is in itself. To condemn a fault or an institution, and at the same time to make it as seductive, as furtively fascinating as sin itself, may be clever writing, but in the long run it will not lead a man to walk the sacred groves of immortal literature. If joyousness is an index of power, then an artist should intoxicate us with the joy of living and with the power of his vision; he should never be [529] Impressions of Jack London intoxicated; it is bad art. Baudelaire, in his famous advice, offered two alternatives to wine: the drunkenness of poetry or of virtue. London, because he was not a true literatus, could offer only the obvious alternative of prohibition; prohibition, which today we know implies not dominion but fear. Contrary to the growing opinion of the day which is grouped under the general heading of "liberalism, tolerance, personal freedom," and by which is meant the right of everyone—particularly the artist—to do as he pleases, I believe this to be a very serious fault in a creator of values, which is what a literary man should be. One of London’s own masters, Friedrich Nietzsche, scorned "John Barleycorn" as only a true Dionysian artist could and should scorn such a subtle and surreptitious foe of the will to power. London’s bold intimacy with "John Barleycorn" constituted as great a flaw in him as did that more hidden and more elusive flaw in the soul of Conrad’s "Lord Jim." That he chose to use it for literary material shows us how profound was his hatred no less than his allegiance. The Freudian theory has shown many strange things in the soul of man. A man may hate precisely that which he loves, and to the same degree. With London, what man or psychiatrist could determine the injury done him as an artist by his love and his hatred of "John Barleycorn?" In his case "John Barleycorn" was an outlet, the vicarious volition of a man designed to command far greater things than he could ever write. "John Barleycorn" won in the end, but we who have loved Jack London echo the classic cry of Pegeen Mike: "Oh my grief, I’ve lost him surely. I’ve lost the only Playboy of the Western World." [530] The Art of Kahlil Gibran By Alice Raphael There are certain words which one approaches with hesitancy because their meaning has become somewhat clouded, and in this heyday of its vogue symbolism has been so subject to misusage that when we apply it to painting our mind flashes instantly to a certain group that once bore its name and then to the satirical lyric about the man "walking down Piccadilly, with a mediaeval lily in his hand." We can get no clearer picture of the real value of symbolism than by recalling that period which gave every appearance of it and yet had none. The Pre-Raphaelites attempted to recreate in their time, in their manner, that which was forever past, just as many of our modernists attempt a simplicity of form which this sophisticated world can never again acquire. The early Primitives were imbued with the spirit of the idea and they cared little for the manner of its presentation. They covered the walls of Assisi because they wished to tell the story of Jesus that others might know and profit by it. That which has given Santa Maria Novella its luster is the power of a feeling visioned, experienced, grasped and then put forth again. In the minds of the Pre-Raphaelites the vision was most assiduously cultivated, not the vision of England but of Italy with the dust of three centuries upon it to blind the eyes. For the Pre-Raphaelites sought not their own spirit but that of another, not the meaning within but that lying as far away as possible; in fact the more remote it was the more they sought it. They have given us beautiful stories, beautiful pictures, [531] The Art of Kahlil Gibran beautiful ideas, everything except that which can never be re-captured, the true spirit of the age. Symbolism in art is the spirit of an age expressed through its artists. It is in the conception of the symbol that the East divides itself from the West. For the East does not ask, What does it say, what does it represent, but what does it mean, what does it signify to us? To the East the Lotos is a flower but also a symbol of divinity; to the West it is a flower developing into the acanthus design and so only a decoration, only a flower. Again the earth, the sun, the sea, that which is above and that which lies beneath are to the western mind materials of study to be touched, understood and grasped; but to the East it suffices that these things are and will be eternally and that behind these realities which we visualize lie other forces and experiences, other suns, other seas, melting mysteriously into one another as the leaves of the Lotos. It is at the dividing line of East and West, of symbolism and representation, of sculptor and painter, that the work of Mr. Kahlil Gibran (exhibited last month at Knoedler’s) presents itself as an arresting force in our modern conception of painting. When Mr. Sargent wishes to express himself symbolically, he has to have the vast walls of the Boston Library at his disposal. For to represent the Christos, let us say, it is essential for minds of his type to transcribe every incident in the birth and death of Christ or to portray the whole of religion. Mr. Gibran needs only a small sheet of paper to give us the meaning of the human spirit and he says what he has to say as simply as possible. We see the body of a woman who rises out of the vast form of the Erdgeist carrying in her arms man and woman; only the head of the enfolding mother with its mysterious smile is drawn in the ordinary sense of the word. There is the story, interpret it as you will. Erda, Amida, [532] Alice Raphael Ceres, Mary, it is a matter of choice and of temperament. The meaning is universal. Mr. Gibran’s art is symbolic in the highest sense because its roots lie not in ideas but in those truths which are fundamental for all ages and all experiences. He senses the meaning of the earth and her productions, of man, her final and finest flower, and the unity of man with nature. He shows us man evolving out of the beast in a struggle with a centaur. He shows us the recumbent mother crouched against a centaur who holds the child in his arms, the child who is already one step beyond. He shows us man driving or being driven by a horse divinely frenzied. His centaurs and horses have a charm utterly apart from their natures, so that they are never wholly animal in character. They have a grace in their slender feet which is reminiscent of the Chinese statuettes of horses with their square nostrils and delicate hoofs, hoofs that paw the air rather than the ground and suggest to the mind the finest qualities of a horse, its fleetness, swiftness and strength. So in these centaurs we sense the beast that is yet man and again that in man which is and must be animal, that evolution upward which is in itself a miracle but which will forever prevent us from clutching the stars. Mr. Gibran is not interested only in the story of man, he is interested in the story of life. He is not merely concerned with its portrayal, he shares its struggle. He is impelled by that force which lies behind all things animate and inanimate, that force which produces, destroys and recreates with the same intensity, the same purpose, and, to his eyes, the same beauty. His art is as modern as the spirit of our age and as old as Cronos; it rises out of the past but its appeal is to the thinking minds of today, and it foreshadows the future. Like Rodin, Mr. Gibran is a master not only in symbolism, but in the technical grasp of his material. His exhibited work [533] The Art of Kahlil Gibran consists mostly of wash drawings and only here and there does the pencil work with the brush, to suggest and to complete the theme. The level of his painting is for the most part very delicate, each plane suggesting another plane in the most subtle gradation so that while at first sight there seems to be but little color one comes to realize that it is all color. Here and there in the studies of eastern types there are darker and more vivid reds and blues, and a certain greenish blue wholly of the East which seems to hold much meaning for him. He uses his color to reveal his form, not, like most painters who study form, to display his color; and that is why all his work so strongly suggests the sculptor. This impression is most powerful in the painting of a woman’s head which is in my opinion the most beautiful picture in the exhibition. The head is thrown back and seems to rest upon a white background that is yet not exactly white. It is the color of the sea at an infinite distance when color is no longer color, but merely light. The head lying upon this luminous ground is so delicate that the throat veins seem to quiver and the pale lips to move. Actually there is no drawing in the usual sense of the word; the painting is modelled in color; and this picture gave me an intense feeling of Mr. Gibran’s sculptural power. That something flowing which alone makes marble other than a piece of stone lies in Mr. Gibran’s paintings. It is the very soul of sculpture and he is expressing it in a kindred form. I cannot but feel that painting is not for him an adequate vehicle and that in sculpture he could again unite his many-sided nature and attain the fruition of the symbolic root which lies at the basis of his work. [534] Toward a National Culture By Van Wyck Brooks "When first hatched they are free-swimming, microscopic creatures, but in a few hours they fall to the bottom and are lost unless they can adhere to a firm, clean surface while making their shells and undergoing development." —Report on the Oyster Industry. "WHY is it," asks the author of Jude the Obscure, \ \ "that these preternaturally old boys always come out of young countries?" It was the spectacle of Jude himself, transplanted from Australia into the midst of the ancient peasantry of southern England that prompted the question, and I remember with what force it came into my mind once, during a brief visit in Oxford, when, accustomed as my eyes for the moment were to the jocund aspect of young England in flannels, I came upon a company of Rhodes scholars from across the Atlantic. Pallid and wizened, little old men they seemed, rather stale and flat and dry; and I said to myself, It is a barren soil these men have sprung from,—plainly they have never known a day of good growing weather. They might not have been typical Rhodes scholars, these men—I don’t pretend to any wide knowledge of the species. But I know that, as often happens abroad when we encounter the things of home in unfamiliar surroundings, they brought to a head certain obscure impressions that had long been working in my imagination. I remembered, for instance, the "young instructors" I had encountered between Boston and San Francisco; I remembered the sad, sapless air of so many of them and their sepulchral voices, the notes of that essential [535] Toward a National Culture priggishness the characteristic of which, according to Chesterton, is to have more pride in the possession of one’s intellect than joy in the use of it. I fell to thinking about this professor and that I had known at home, and about our intellectual and artistic life in general. How anaemic it seemed, how thin, how deficient in the tang and buoyancy of youth, in personal conviction and impassioned fancy, how lacking in the richer notes! And at last there arose in my mind the memory of a concert at which all the accepted American composers had appeared on the stage one after another, grave, earnest, high-minded, and tinkled out their little intellectual harmonies. Am I wrong in my impression that our "serious" people really are like leaves prematurely detached from the great tree of life? As a class they seem never to have been young, and they seem never to grow mellow and wise. Take our earnest popular novelists off guard; read their occasional comments on society, on the war, even on their own art. How dull, how mechanical, how utterly wanting in fresh insight their minds in general are! Mr. Winston Churchill, expatiating on citizenship, talks in one breath with all the puzzled gravity of a child and some of the weary flatulence of a retired evangelist. Even when they are not evangelical but writers merely they still seem somehow uprooted from the friendly soil. Something infinitely old and disillusioned peers out between the rays of George Ade’s wit; Robert Herrick writes like a man stricken with palsy, and Mrs. Wharton’s intellectuality positively freezes the fingers with which one turns her page. And it is the same in our other arts, the plastic arts alone perhaps excepted. Think of that one little vibrant chord, like a naked nerve perpetually harped on, that constitutes the theatrical art of Mrs. Fiske! Think of the arctic frigidity of Mr. Paul Elmer More’s criticism! That little seed of the spirit a wayward and unlucky wind has [536] Van Wyck Brooks planted in them, why has it never been able to take on flesh and blood, why has it so dried up the springs of animal impulse? It is as if, driven in upon themselves, their life were a constant strain, as if their emotional natures had run dry and they had come to exist solely in their intellects and their nerves, as if in fact they had gone grey and bloodless precisely in the measure that an inflexible conscience had enabled them in spite of all to trim the little lamp that flickered in them. Grow they certainly do not. With immense difficulty our intellectual types forge for themselves a point of view with which they confront the world, but like a suit of armor it permits no further expansion. They do not move easily within it; they are chafed and irritated by it; in order to breathe freely they are obliged to hold themselves rigidly to the posture they have at first adopted; and far from being able to develop spontaneously beyond this original posture they have to submit to its cramping limitations until the inevitable shrinkage of their mental tissues brings them release and relief. Whatever the reason may be it is certain that the long-fer-mented mind, the wise old man of letters, the counsellor, is a type our civilization utterly fails to produce. Our thinking class quickly reaches middle age and after a somewhat prolonged period during which it seems to be incapable of assimilating any fresh experiences it begins to decay. The rest of our people meanwhile never even grow up. For if our old men of thought come to a standstill at middle age, our old men of action, as one sees them in offices, in the streets, in public positions, everywhere! are typically not old men at all but old boys. Greybeards of sixty or seventy, mentally and spiritually indistinguishable from their sons and grandsons, existing on a level of reflection and emotion in no way deeper or richer than that of their own childhood, they seem to have [537] Toward a National Culture miraculously passed through life without undergoing any of life’s maturing influences. II. In short, I think we are driven to the conclusion that our life is, on all its levels, in a state of arrested development, that it has lost, if indeed it has ever possessed, the principle of growth. To the general sense of this many of the main documents in our recent literature bear witness. The immense and legitimate vogue of the "Spoon River Anthology," for example, is due to its unerring diagnosis of what we all recognize, when we are confronted with it, as the inner life of the typical American community when the criterion of humane values is brought to bear upon it in place of the criterion of material values with which we have traditionally pulled the wool over our eyes. It is quite likely of course that Mr. Masters, with a reasonable pessimism, has exaggerated the suicidal and murderous tendencies of the Spoon Riverites. But I know that he conveys an extraordinarily just and logical impression. He pictures a community of some thousands of souls every one of whom lives in a spiritual isolation as absolute as that of any lone farmer on the barren prairie, a community that has been utterly unable to spin any sort of spiritual fabric common to all, which has for so many generations cherished and cultivated its animosity toward all those nonutilitarian elements in the human heart that retard the successful pursuit of the main chance that it has reduced itself to a spiritual desert in which nothing humane is able to find rootage and grow at all. And yet all the types that shed glory on humankind have existed in that, as in every community! They have existed, or at least they have been born. They have put forth one green shoot only to wither and decay because all the moisture has evaporated out of the atmosphere that envelops them. Poets, painters, philosophers, men of [538] Van Wyck Brooks science and religion, are all to be found, stunted, starved, thwarted, embittered, prevented from taking even the first step in self-development, in this amazing microcosm of our society, a society that stagnates for want of leadership, and at the same time, incurably suspicious of the very idea of leadership, saps away all those vital elements that produce the leader. For that is the vicious circle in which we revolve. We who above all peoples need great men and great ideals have been unable to develop the latent greatness we possess and have lost an incalculable measure of greatness that has, in spite of all, succeeded in developing itself. For one thing we have lost an army of gifted minds, of whom Henry James and Whistler and Sargent are only the most notorious examples, minds many of them about which our intellectual life could have rallied to its infinite advantage, as it always does when born leaders are in the field, and which would have given far more to the world as well had they been able to strike root among the essential things of life. But the loss, great and continuing as it is, of so many talents that we have repelled and poured out, talents that have been driven to an exotic development in other countries, is really nothing beside what we have lost in less obvious ways. In the absence both of an intellectual tradition and a sympathetic soil, in the absence above all of that peculiar intensive knowledge of art that inoculates the artist against commercialism, a disproportionate amount of our talent has been seduced from its right path, in comparison with other countries. And of the talents we have been able to preserve in their integrity there is hardly one, I believe, but would shine out with ten times its actual power if literature and society in America bore an organic relationship to one another. It is quite plain that there is nothing inherently "greater" in many of the writers whose work we import (and rightly import) from [539] Toward a National Culture abroad than in writers of a corresponding order at home. The former simply have been able to make a better use of their talents owing largely to the complicated system of critical and traditional forces perpetually at play about them. Indeed the more one thinks of our social history and of our present state the more one feels that for generations there has been going on in this country a systematic process of inverse selection so far as the civilizing elements in the American nature are concerned. Our ancestral faith in the individual and what he is able to accomplish (or, in modern parlance, to "put over") as the measure of all things has despoiled us of that instinctive human reverence for those divine reservoirs of collective experience, religion, science, art, philosophy, the self-subordinating service of which is almost the measure of the highest happiness. In consequence of this our natural capacities have been dissipated; they have become ego-centric and socially centrifugal and they have hardened and become fixed in the most anomalous forms. The religious energy of the race, instead of being distilled and quintessentialized into the finer inspirations of human conduct, has escaped in a vast vapor that is known under a hundred names. So also our scientific energy has been diverted from the study of life to the immediacies of practical invention, our philosophy, quite forgetting that its function is to create values of life, has oscillated between a static idealism and a justification of all the anaemic tendencies of an anaemic age, and our art and literature, oblivious of the soul of man, have established themselves on a superficial and barren technique. Of all this individualism is at once the cause and the result. For it has prevented the formation of a collective spiritual life in the absence of which the individual, having nothing greater than himself to subordinate himself to, is either driven into the blind alley of his appetites or rides some hobby of his own invention until it falls to pieces from sheer craziness. Think [540] Van Wyck Brooks of the cranks we have produced! Not the mere anonymous cranks one meets, six to a block, in every American village, but the eminent cranks, and even the preeminent cranks, the Thoreaus and Henry Georges, men that might so immensely more have enriched our spiritual heritage had we been capable of assimilating their minds, nurturing and disciplining them out of their aberrant individualism. For every member of the vast army of American cranks has been the graveyard of some "happy thought," some thought happier than his neighbors have had and which has turned sour in his brain because the only world he has known has had no use for it. It is this chaotic, unmotivated world, a world of things, an essentially prehistoric world that knows nothing of the compensations of an animal destiny to which we are all entitled as heirs of our human past, that Mr. Theodore Dreiser has memorialized in those vast literary pyramids of his, those prodigious piles of language built of the commonest rubble and cohering, in the absence of any architectural design, by sheer virtue of their weight and size. Mr. Dreiser’s Titans and Financiers and Geniuses are not even the approximations of men in a world of men,—they are monsters, blindly effectuating themselves, or failing to effectuate themselves, in a primeval chaos; and the world wears them and wearies them as it wears and wearies the beasts of the field, leaving them as immature in age as it found them in youth. Cowperwood, the Financier, put in prison as a result of his piratical machinations, weaves chair-bottoms and marks time spiritually against the day of his release, when he snaps back into his old self absolutely unaltered by reflection: and of Eugene Witla, after he has passed through seven hundred and thirty-four pages of soul-searing adventure, Mr. Dreiser is able to enquire: "Was he not changed then? Not much, no. Only hardened intellectually and emotionally, tempered for life and work." Puppets as they are of an insensate force which has [541] Toward a National Culture never been transmuted into those finer initiatives that shed light on human destiny, they are insulated against human values; love and art pass into and out of their lives like things of so little meaning that any glimmer of material opportunity outshines them; and therefore they are able to speak to us only of the vacuity of life, telling us that human beings are as the flies of summer. One readily shares the objection commonly raised against Mr. Dreiser that his philosophy is a barren one, and that it is the business of literature to project those radiant attitudes by which life is filled with honor and dignity. Nevertheless one ought not to demand too much; it is a great thing to be enabled to see our life as it at present is, so completely industrialized that the capacity for spiritual initiative has been all but bred out of it. Ideals are healthily born midway in the evolution of a people; they spring from a certain level of experience that has been attained by all in common ; and without this general touchstone they soon turn into vapor as our American ideals have done in the past. III. Now it is the absence of this platform as it were of collective experience that we have suddenly come to realize. The balloon of material success, to which our people have attached the frail basket of their spirits, has begun to flap in the wind; we feel that we are falling, and that we are falling into a void. We are like explorers who, in the morning of their lives, have deserted the hearthstone of the human tradition and have set out for a distant treasure that has turned to dust in their hands; but having on their way neglected to mark their track they no longer know in which direction their home lies, nor how to reach it, and so they wander in the wilderness, consumed with a double consciousness of waste and impotence. I	think this fairly describes the frame of mind of a [542] Van Wyck Brooks vast number of Americans of the younger generation. They find themselves born into a race that has drained away all its spiritual resources in the struggle to survive and that continues to struggle in the midst of plenty because life itself no longer possesses any other meaning. Meanwhile the gradual commercialization of all the professions has all but entirely destroyed the possibility of personal growth along the lines that our society provides and, having provided, sanctions. Brought up as they have been to associate activity almost solely with material ends and unable in this overwhelmingly prosperous age to feel any powerful incentive to seek these ends, acutely conscious of their spiritual unemployment and impoverished in will and impulse, they drift almost inevitably into a state of internal anarchism that finds outlet, where it finds outlet at all, in a hundred unproductive forms. Our society, in fact, which does everything by wholesale, is rapidly breeding a race of Hamlets the like of which has hardly been seen before, except perhaps in nineteenth-century Russia. Nothing is more remarkable than the similarity in this respect between the two immense inchoate populations that flank Europe on east and west. To be sure, the Oblomovs and Bazarovs and Levins and Dmitri Rudins of Russian fiction are in many ways, like Hamlet himself, universal characters. But for one Hamlet in an organized society which, according to the measure of its organization, provides an outlet for every talent, there are twenty in a society which, as we say, has no use for its more highly developed types. And that is the situation both in Russia and in the United States: the social fabric is too simple to be able to cope with the complicated strain that has been suddenly put upon it by a radical change in the conditions of life. Yet in each case the complexities are developing along just the lines most necessary for the rounded well-being of society. The Hamlets of Russian fiction, generally speaking, are social idealists, wrapped up in [543] Toward a National Culture dreams of agricultural and educational reform; they long to revolutionize their country estates and ameliorate the lot of their peasantry, and they lose their will and their vision because there is no social machinery they can avail themselves of: thrown as they are upon their own unaided resources, their task overwhelms them at the outset with a sense of futility. Turn the tables about and you have the situation of the corresponding class in America. They find the machinery of education and social welfare in a state as highly developed as the life of the spirit is in Russia; it is the spiritual technique, if I may so express myself, that is wanting, a living culture, a complicated scheme of ideal objectives, upheld by society at large, enabling them to submerge their liberties in their loyalties and to unite in the task of building up a civilization. For only where art and thought and science organically share in the vital essential program of life can the artist and the thinker and the scientist find the preliminary foothold that enables them to undertake this task. To state the case in its lowest terms, only under these conditions are they able to receive an adequate, intensive training along non-utilitarian lines without hopelessly crippling their chances of self-preservation; for under these conditions they know that the social fabric is complicated enough to employ all the faculties of their minds and that in following non-utilitarian lines they are fulfilling a recognized need of society. It is this which breeds in them the sense that they are serving something great, something so generally felt to be great that society rewards them with a pride calling forth their own pride, taking delight in setting up the sort of obstacles that constantly put them on their mettle. Everywhere in Europe, in spite of the industrialization of society, that is still in some degree the case. It is because the social fabric is complicated enough for art and music and thought to have an organic share in it that artists [544] Van Wyck Brooks and musicians and thinkers develop as richly and beneficently as they do, relatively speaking. It is because of the simplicity of our social fabric, in which bread and butter alone plays any organic part, that our effectual types narrow down to the captains of industry. The rest, in so far as they are liberated from this motive, are all but lost to society. Either, like the émigrés of France under Napoleon, they turn inward and lose themselves in introspection, or else they waste upon the desert air energies that ought to be conserved and sublimated in the interests of the whole race. IV. And that is what is happening today. The miraculous rapidity and efficiency with which we have been able to effect the material conquest of the continent has resulted in throwing out of employment a prodigious amount of energy that our society is unable to receive and set to work. All the innate spirituality of the American nature, dammed up, stagnant from disuse, ineluctably romantic, has begun to pour itself out in a vast flood of undisciplined emotionalism that goes to waste largely because the scope of our "useful" objectives is so restricted; and because, inheriting as we do an ingrained individualism, an ingrained belief in quick returns, we are all but unable to retain these treacherous elements, of which we have had so little practical experience in the past, until they have reached a sufficient maturity to take shape in lasting forms. But this new individualism, which finds its gospel in self-expression, is totally different in content from the individualism of the past. The old spiritual individualism was blood-brother to the old materialistic individualism: it throve in the same soil and produced a cognate type of mind. It was hard, stiff-necked, combative, opinionative, sectarian, self-willed; it gave birth to the crank, the shrill, high-strung propounder [545] Toward a National Culture of strange religions, the self-important monopolist of truth. In short, it was essentially competitive. The new individualism, on the other hand, is individualistic only by default; its individualistic character, so to say, is only an inherited bad habit, a bad habit that is perpetuated by the want of objectives in the truly vacuous world with which it finds itself confronted. It has, I think, no desire to vaunt itself; it tends, instead of this, to lavish itself; it is not combative, it is cooperative, not opinionative but groping, not sectarian but filled with an intense, confused eagerness to identify itself with the life of the whole people. If it remains confused, if it is unable to discipline itself, if it is often lazy and wilful, if its smoke is only at intervals illuminated by flame—well, was it not the same with the Oblomovs of Russia? I can’t conceive that anyone wants to be confused and lazy, especially if he has no material motives to console him in other ways. People who do not "burn with a hard, gem-like flame" are simply people who are not being employed by civilization. Undoubtedly the gospel of self-expression, makeshift as it is, is leaving its deposit over the quicksand of our life. Isolated, secretive, bottled up as we have been in the past, how could we ever have guessed what aims and hopes we have in common had they not been brought to light, even in the crudest and most inadequate ways? To many people, I think, these last few years, during which the "lid" has been lifted with a vengeance, have been years of inspiring discovery as regards America. I don’t say that the desert has blossomed like the rose; I should say rather, to mix metaphors, that an appalling number of skeletons had been pulled out of the closet. But somehow America has become under our eyes a living entity, visibly in process of developing a third dimension. It used to be a map, it has become a swarm; it used to be a bare place we moved about in, it has become a jungle of shoots. Americans, north, south, east, and west, have ceased [546] Van Wyck Brooks to be "simply folks"; they have ceased to be merely Texans and Kentuckians and Californians and New Englanders, satisfied, so far as the art of writing is concerned, with the dialect and local color of a "Kentucky literature," or what not. They have become, to our imagination, human beings, and human beings faintly flushed with that desire for a higher life that implies a life in common. They have manifested themselves ; but will they get any further? Only, it seems to me, if we are able to build up, to adapt a phrase from the slang of politics, a program for the conservation of our spiritual resources. If this leads into the idea of a "national culture" to come it is only in order that America may be able in the future to give something to the rest of the world that is better than what the rest of the world at present calls "Americanism." For two generations the most sensitive minds in Europe— Renan, Ruskin, Nietzsche, to name none more recent—have summed up their mistrust of the future in that one word; and it is because, altogether externalized ourselves, we have typified the universally externalizing influences of modern industrialism. The shame of this is a national shame, and one that the war, with all the wealth it has brought us, has infinitely accentuated. And it covers a national problem—the problem of creating objects of loyalty within the nation by virtue of which the springs of our creative energy are not only touched into play but so economized as to be able to irrigate the entire subsoil of our national life. How is this problem to be met? In many ways. But of the challenge it offers to criticism there can be no doubt whatever, if, as Matthew Arnold said, it is the business of criticism to make a situation of which the creative power can profitably avail itself. [547] The Seven Arts Chronicle UNDER this title THE SEVEN ARTS will include hereafter, beginning with the April issue, a department of running comment on the contemporary world of literature and art. A limited number of books will be reviewed briefly, and there will be surveys of music, the plastic arts, and the theater, each provided by a writer competent in the field in question. It is our hope to be able to give, in this necessarily restricted form, a sort of rationale of the most vital and significant developments in the various arts. [548] The Artist (A Communication) By Alfred Booth Kuttner {Ed. Note. This communication from Mr. Kuttner furnishes an interlude between his first article in the February Seven Arts and the papers which will follow. It is intended to explain misapprehensions and to clear the ground for a fuller development of a highly interesting and valuable scientific speculation on the artist. Mr. Kuttner puts forth this theory not dogmatically but as a basis for discussion.) In my preceding article on the artist, I have somewhat broadly outlined the nature of the speculation to which, from the psychological point of view, the artist invites us, and have quoted a passage from Freud in which he seeks to place the artist as a type in relation to the psychology of the unconscious. Freud considers the psychic peculiarities of the artist sufficiently important to put him into a class by himself distinct both from the normal and the neurotic, though related to each of these. He is differentiated from them both through the expression of his activities and through variations in the primitive impulses which generate his activities. The basis of this classification is to be found in the varying attitude of each of these types to the two great poles of all psychic life, the principles of pleasure and of reality. Before going further into the subject, it may be well to bring up a few general considerations as to the scope and limitation of the Freudian investigation in order to forestall avoidable misapprehensions, not to mention the resentment with which the artist will perhaps feel in duty bound to meet any attempt to take him as an object of study. The Freudian psychology has always been keenly aware of its limitations and has not hesitated to state them. In such a special study as that of the artist, for instance, it makes no claim to give a full explanation of him or in any sense to explain him away. Similarly, in investigating religion and the psychology of the founders of religion or in seeking to penetrate to the motives that underlie man’s metaphysical activities pscho-analysis makes no pretensions to explain these phenomena fully and does not claim that its explanation would of itself destroy their social and cultural value. It limits itself strictly to an attempt to show what part certain unconscious elements, hitherto neglected, have played in the genesis and the perpetuation of these protean [549] The Artist manifestations of man’s psychic life. This modesty of psychoanalysis is conditioned in the first place by a very acute realization on the part of Freud and his followers of the enormous complexity of our psychic life. The Freudian psychology has nothing in it of the nature of naive and confident simplification. It has shown, on the contrary, that the task of psychology is much more profound than we have been led to believe by the traditional psychologist who accepts the data of consciousness as the final terms of his investigation. Freud, as we know, completely reverses the situation so that the study of unconscious psychic activity becomes the center of inquiry and subordinates consciousness as coming later in our psychic evolution and as being inexplicable except in relation to the unconscious. In the second place, such investigations as those of the founders of religions, metaphysicians and artists necessarily encounter a limitation which applies equally to all psychologies whether of consciousness or of the unconscious. This may be called the somatic limitation. Every study of psychic impulse, if pushed far enough, carries us through the unconscious to a point where this impulse merges into a process of a chemico-biological nature from which this same impulse originally arose. Here the psychological factor and the somatic or physiological factor tend to coalesce and are no longer distinguishable. This is the natural limitation of all psychologies. Let us apply this limitation to our investigation of the artist. I have said that the artist is saved from the fate of the neurotic by virtue of an inborn gift of technique which enables him to express his intrapsychic con- flicts in forms which give him relief and which have social value because they symbolize conflicts which are common to mankind. By this technique is meant a certain biological endowment in the nature of manual dexterity or visual or auditory sensitiveness which enables the artist to mould materials into pleasing forms or arrange colors and sounds in harmony and contrast or to handle words and syllables in a certain rime and rhythm. We all possess this gift in some rudimentary form and our enjoyment of art, externally considered, depends upon our naive pleasure in seeing this gift more skillfully expressed than our more limited capacities admit. But this gift alone neither makes the artist nor is it a proper subject of psychological enquiry. It is a brute endowment capable of the most various application. An individual possessing it would not necessarily be an artist. Thus a person gifted with great plastic dexterity might be deflected from modelling statuary to moulding machinery or handling extremely sensitive media, in which so much depends upon tactile sensitiveness in the finger-tips. Or, again, the abnormal inquisitiveness of the eye, which characterizes the painter, might well become absorbed in the service of microscopy in its varied application to science. In the field of art an individual possessed of nothing more than this biological endowment would still be only an artisan or a craftsman. He would have nothing artistic to express except by way of imitation, for he would still lack any artistic conception. He would have nothing to express communicable to others or expressive of himself except, [550] Alfred Booth Kuttner perhaps, a few rudimentary aesthetic rhythms. The artist does not come into being until he has a conception to express in artistic terms. It is at this point that psychoanalysis can take hold. The biological endowment is for psychoanalysis something given which it cannot translate into its own terms and which is radically incapable of psychological treatment. But psychoanalysis claims and substantiates its claim that it can tell us something of the genesis of the artistic conception, that it can explain its psychic economy and that it can relate it to psychic mechanisms and impulses that are common to mankind. It can interpret it in universal psychological terms and explain its meaning to the individual artist and its value to the mass. That is all that it claims to do. Freud expressly states that the artist is neither a neurotic nor a normal individual. If he tries to explain the artist in relation to the neurotic and to the normal he does so only because of a well-established tenet that the same psychic laws are operative in varying degrees in all human beings, and that the difference is one of quality and quantity and not of kind. The artist is not and cannot be normal, and has suffered much and unnecessarily from the puritanical demand that he should conform to the normal standard. If he sublimated his unconscious impulses in the same way that the normal does, and made exactly the same adjustments, he would undoubtedly cease to be an artist. And if the enlightened normal individual of today recognizes a difference and makes allowances, the artist also owes it to him to treat the normal with proper respect. It is really a very bourgeois trait in the artist to run down the normal as if he were an inferior. The normal is not a pitiable cowardly compromiser who stunts his instincts and blindly accepts the straight-jacket of conventionality. He, too, knows the abysses of his soul, but he makes a different adjustment and strives for a quieter, but perhaps more substantial, happiness. He is the great patient bearer of our norm of civilization. Were he all that the artist sometimes in his ire and defeat paints him to be, the artist himself would have no audience and would be a social outcast to a degree that would make life really intolerable. Neither, on the other hand, is the artist a neurotic. If he were that he would be merely a burden both to himself and to society. He escapes the fate of the neurotic, as has already been said, by a stroke so bold that it has often been held to have a touch of divinity. Dissatisfied with the world in which he finds himself, he creates an ideal world, which still contains human values and toward whose perfections we can aspire without abandoning ourselves to chaos. A final misapprehension remains to be cleared up. Psychoanalysis does not claim to be able to analyse the artist and to reduce him to normality. Psychoanalysis cannot analyze anything out of existence. It can merely reduce and subjugate the pathological excrescences of unconscious impulses. It cannot analyze away the artist’s biological endowment any more than it can, for instance, make a singer’s voice disappear by analyzing him. The reader will do well to bear in mind as an axiom of psychoanalysis that the neurotic can be successfully analyzed only because he himself [551] The Artist overwhelmingly desires to be relieved of his neurotic inhibitions and because the social censure directed against his social activities impels him to the same end. With the true artist this is not the case. His activities provide him with compensations out of all proportion to his sufferings and his successes meet with a social approval which the neurotic never finds. He has always a potential outlet whereas the neurotic is merely building the wall around himself higher and higher. Theoretically also the artist would prove very difficult to analyze. For the psycho-sexual impulses which he has to sublimate into art forms seem to be extraordinarily turbulent in him even in earliest childhood, and display a truly insatiable character, so that if he had not within himself the means to escape the fate of the neurotic the neurosis from which he would suffer would, in all probability, be too severe for successful treatment. If I have thus somewhat cleared the ground I may now proceed to outline the form which the Freudian in- vestigation of the artist has thus far taken. Since long before Freud, it has been a current theory that art is floundering in a final decadence and that the artist has reached the stage of his decline. Freudian studies have shed considerable light upon this theory, both through the partial analysis of individual artists and through his interpretation of the history of art. To follow these and to evaluate properly both their justification and their shortcomings will require considerable patience and understanding on the part of the reader. The artist may instinctively resent them as another case of hopeless bourgeois meddling, but even the artist cannot wisely despise self-knowledge and the criticism levelled at him will, perhaps, spur him on to express himself in new art forms. That is always his best and most legitimate way to épater la bourgeoisie, and he will be the more ready to do this as he himself has now been complaining for some time that present art forms have led to his temporary stagnation. [552] Tuesday, January 30, 1917. THE NEW REPUBLIC. The appearance, reprinted in "The New Repub-ic Book," of selections from its first one hundred issues, serves readers as a reminder of the grat-tude they owe to the weekly so named. In little more than two years it has done much to fill the gap that yawned in our periodical literature between the better magazines and reviews and the daily newspapers. In its own field as "a journal of opinion" it is beyond rivalry. The New Republic is radical without hysteria and its readers find something more than well-informed opinion. They are complimented by its assumption that they value good writing. Some of this is in the new volume. Alan Seeger’s prose poem, "As a Soldier Thinks of War," thus preserved, is not more perfect in its way than ever ephemeral book reviews have been made by the artistic conscience of careful writers. John Dewey, H. G. Wells, L. P. Jacks, Rebecca West, Graham Wallas, besides its strong staff, have distinguished the New Republic’s pages, but it has not sought names merely, or shrunk from the fresh thoughts of writers quite unknown. Its editorial conduct, strong and sane, has caused it to be accepted abroad as a leading voice in American interpretation. It should be known to more of our own people YOU WANT THE BEST THERE IS IN AMERICAN LITERATURE TODAY Then take up and read this magazine. From cover to cover it gives of the best there is in American thought, culture and expression. YOU WANT TO ADVERTISE SO AS TO REACH THOSE ACCUSTOMED TO THE BEST Here you have that medium in your hand, The Seven Arts. Through building up a class of readers untouched by ordinary magazines it offers to advertisers a most unusual and advantageous field—a field sure to be of much interest to you. Write us today The Seven Arts Publishing Company Advertising Manager 132 Madison Ave., New York City Telephone Madison Square 791 Why Not Consider Your Friends ? If you have a discriminating friend who is not yet a reader of The Seven Arts, won’t you please send his name to the Business Manager, and we will mail him a sample copy. Consider your friends, and send a name today lest you forget. Thank you. The Seven Arts Publishing Co. 132 Madison Ave.	New York Significant Poems by Horace Holley Divinations and Creation Mitchell Kennerley, $1.50 First published in London, 1914, "Creation" is one of the earliest collections of free verse, and has been praised by such men as James Stephens, "A. E." and Stanley Braith-waite. "Divinations", a new series, contains the two poems by Horace Holley in the 1916 Anthology. THE SAVORY TEA SHOP 45 EAST 30th STREET Business Luncheon, 40c. Also a la Carte Southern Chicken Dinner, Wed. and Sat. nights, 60c. "Wonderful Apple Pie Always" WE have been successful in securing a limited number of the first issues of The Seven Arts—those for November and December and shall be glad now to furnish copies at the regular rate of 25 cents to those desiring a complete file. MARY ASQUITH PLAY BROKER PLAYS FOR PRODUCTION BOOKS AND PLAYS FOR PICTURES 1402 BROADWAY, NEW YORK ANNA PARMLY PARET LITERARY AGENT 291 FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK After many years of editorial experience with Harper &amp; Brothers, Miss Paret offers to criticise, revise, and place manuscripts for writers. Terms sent on application. THREE THOMAS BIRD MOSHER BOOKS Ten O’Clock.......J. A. McNeill Whistler A rare lecture in a limited edition. 450 copies, Italian handmade paper, old style boards. Ten Spiritual Designs.......Edward Calvert "May twilight calm and peace of holiness From Calvert’s solemn vision fall on you." Earthwork Out of Tuscany......Maurice Hewlett The only complete edition of the first, the rarest, and the finest book written by a young man of genius. "At the outset I only wanted to make a few beautiful books." I should be glad to receive more detailed information of these books, and THOMAS BIRD MOSHER	to receive your catalogue of special and miscellaneous editions. Portland, Me.	Signed..................................................................... Address................................................................S.A. F. M. HOLLY Established 1905 Authors’ and Publishers’ Representative 156 FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK Rates and full information sent upon application Bureau of Academic Aid Jean Wick, Authors’ Agent, announces the establishment of the Bureau of Academic Aid. The purpose of this Bureau is to provide trained and efficient help in the preparation of books of research, articles, reports, tabulations, statistics, lectures, surveys, bibliographies, indices, text books and works of translation. 838 Aeolian Hall, New York City Distinctive Furniture Rugs, Interior Decorations for Homes and Offices Modern and Period Designs New period groups designed after some of the most popular period motifs. Perfectly matched suites for Living Room, Dining Room and Bed Room. Most Reasonable Prices. Service Unexcelled. C. E. SCHAFFNER 132 Madison Avenue, at 31st Street NEW YORK CITY A Novel by Waldo Frank THE UNWELCOME MAN "Mr. Frank’s novel is for those who seek, in American fiction, not merely story telling but as well psychological analysis on a par with that of the leading European writers. "Mr. Frank’s study will leave a large impression of truth. . . . The book is distinctly independent and American. The types are clear-cut and native. . . . Quincy gives us the heart-picture of intelligent American adolesence."—New York Evening Post. "Here is an unusually able novel by an author whom America should note carefully. American to the core, it challenges comparison with the work of such men as Theodore Dreiser and Ernest Poole." —Publishers' Weekly. S1.50 net at all Booksellers Little, Brown &amp; Co. - ... Boston