The Seven Arts 1.3 (1917-01) THE SEVEN ARTS THE UNTOLD LIE By Sherwood Anderson JANUARY, 1917 25 Cents NOTES ON NAMES. Sherwood Anderson has written a series of intensive studies on the archetype of the small Ohio town of which he is a native. He calls it "Winesburg." The story in this issue is the second of the series to appear in The Seven Arts; and others will follow. When the whole is gathered into a volume, America will see that a prose complement to E. L. Masters's "Spoon River Anthology" has been created. Stephen Vincent Benet is still a student at Yale. Van Wyck Brooks is the author of "America's Coming-of-Age." His articles, now appearing in The Seven Arts, will go to make up a new volume and a new expression of cultural criticism. Kahlil Gibran was born on Mount Lebanon. His works, written in Arabic, are accepted by the millions whose tongue it is, as their greatest contemporary expression. He is a painter, a critic, a dramatist and a poet. He has chosen America for his home and work because of his great faith in our future. Marsden Hartley is one of the leaders in the New American art movement. His paintings are perhaps better known in Berlin and Paris than here. He comes of New England stock. Walter Lippmann, author of "A Preface to Politics" and "The Stakes of Diplomacy," is one of the editors of The New Republic. Edna Wahlert McCourt, who lives in St. Louis, is a beginner as regards publication of fiction. She has introduced a new vital element into the expression of the Middle West. William Murrell is a young critic of the arts who, at present, holds a position with the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York City. Leo Ornstein, the Russian composer and pianist, has, like Mr. Gibran, chosen America for his home. He occupies a distinctive place in the field of music and already is looked on as one of the greatest figures in the musical revolt, of which Strawinsky and Ravel and Schoenberg are also leaders. Paul Rosenfeld, although but recently out of college, has already won his spurs as a creative critic of the arts. Elizabeth Stead Taber writes us that this is her first published story. She lives in Ossining, New York. This Letter, from a Little Pennsylvania Town: "I am one of the thousands of unknown people who make up the American spirit of which you speak. We have little or nothing to say for ourselves, but how gladly we hear others express us! Hemmed in, in life, I cannot tell you how such expressions of living as you have so far published, spur one on. Most of the country is as blindly bound as any corner of Europe, and those who refuse the blindfold, suffer. But it is they who make, or will make, the American spirit. It is they, the many unknown, who are hidden and pinned down in sordid corners of America, as I am, who will welcome The Seven Arts. It is they who realize the truth and beauty of D. H. Lawrence, Beres-ford, Romain Rolland, Sherwood Anderson and the rest, because it is their own lives that are reproduced in the work of these people that you publish." Isn't The Seven Arts your magazine? If it is, here is a convenient way to make the magazine yours. Pin a dollar bill to this coupon and we will send you The Seven Arts for five months. Subscribers may renew or extend their subscriptions at the same rate. Frederick Keppeln and Co etchings BY REMBRANDT WHISTLER MERYON HADEN, ZORN and Other masters on exhibition in Our galleries 4 EAST 39th St. NEWY0RK ENTIRE SERIES lOo per tube 21 Shades Color Chart on Request E. H. and  A. G. FRIEDRICHS GO. MANUFACTURERS 169 West 57th Street, New York, N. Y. For the benefit of women who are weary of the arbitrary, ever-changing masquerade called Fashion, and who feel that commercialized style sacrifices the essential purpose of dress—beauty, suitability and economy—the Bertha Holley Studios have been founded where are created garments for all occasions, each designed for the individual, and making it possible to achieve personal distinction and charm. THE   SEVEN ARTS JANUARY, 1917. PAGE David's Birthright......edna Wahlert McCourt 199 The Untold Lie........sherwood Anderson 215 The Scar.........Elizabeth stead taber 222 The Astronomer..........kahlil gibran 236 On Giving and Taking........kahlil gibran 237 Rain After a Vaudeville Show... Stephen Vincent benet 238 Prelude (to "Creation"—a drama) .   .. james Oppenheim 240 The Music of New Russia.......leo ornstein 260 Editorials........... 265 The Splinter of Ice........van wyck brooks 270 Our Day...........paul rosenfeld 281 The Twilight of the Acrobat......marsden hartley 287 The Wave...........William murrell 292 Vicarious Fiction..........waldo frank 294 A Reply . .........Walter lippmann 304 Cover Design by Rollo Peters Subscription price, payable in advance, in the United States and Territories, $2.50 per year; Canada, $3.00; Foreign, $3.50. Published monthly on the first, and copyrighted, 1917, by The Seven Arts Pub. Co., Inc. All subscriptions filled from the New York office. The Seven Arts Publishing Co. reserves the right to reject any subscription taken contrary to its selling terms and to refund the unexpired credit. Manuscripts must be submitted at author's risk, with return postage. Second Class Entry in the New York Post Office, and the Post Office at Ottawa, Canada, applied for. Address all subscriptions and business communications to THE SEVEN ARTS PUBLISHING CO., INC., 132 Madison Ave., N. Y. A. K. Rankine, President James Oppenheim, Vice-President Arthur M. Reis, Secretary A. J. Leverton, Business Manager Ready in January Creative Intelligence By JOHN DEWEY, and Others.   Probable price, $1.75 net. This is the doctrine of Pragmatism in a new form. Aiming at a formulation more comprehensively considered, more widely based than William James' prophetic but tentative expression of a few years past, the authors here repudiate all that is purely academic in contemporary thought, and demand for philosophy direct preoccupation with present-day problems. On this basis the authors direct a vigorous polemic against the dialectics and "disingenuous apologetics" of current Idealism, and construct an exposition of safe and sane thought, leaving little room for the vague mysticism which has sought to intrench itself behind the scientific conceptions of the hour. The book should appeal to philosophers as being the first considered pronuncia-mento of the pragmatists as a school, and to the public at large as linking philosophy, so far too remote, with the life of every man and of every day. Contents: The Need for Recovery in Philosophy — By John Dewey. The Reformation of Logic — By A. W. Moore. Intelligence and Mathematics — By Harold C. Brown. Scientific Method and the Individual Thinker — By G. H. Mead. Consciousness and Psychology — By B. H. Bode. The Phases of Economic Interest — By H. W. Suart. Moral Life and the Construction of Values—By J. H. Tufts. Value and Existence in Philosophy, Art, and Religion — By H. M. Kallen. The Philosophy of William James By T. FLOURNOY. Translated by EDWIN B. HOLT and WILLIAM JAMES, JR. Probable price, $1.25 net. This is the authorized translation of what is perhaps the best critical study of William James yet written. Professor Flournoy has already come before the American public in his remarkable volume, "Spiritism and Psychology." In the present book he shows the same characteristics of clearness and intelligence which insured the success of his earlier volume, and at the same time exercises them on the ideas and personality of the one American who has strongly influenced the thought of Europe in recent years. The book contains just enough biographical material to give unity to a discussion of opinions and creeds always in process of development, and is otherwise an exposition, clear and distinguished in style. The translation is the work of men who were intimate with James, both personally and professionally, and does full justice to Professor Flournoy and to the subject. HENRY HOLT and COMPANY 34 West 33d St. New York pgbrk] David's Birthright By Edna Wahlert McCourt WHEN David was six, his friends could not tell whether he was going to evolve into poet or pugilist. There were periods of abstraction and a casual quivering of his upper lip which, together with a dreamy darkening of his grey eyes, suggested the poet. But then, there was the square jaw, sturdy body, ready fists, queer little frown line between his brown brows, and above all a passion for physical activity that made his mother hide the green sheets of the evening paper. "I can fight anybody," David would declare. "I—I can knock down any feller—even if he's ten. An' I can—I can almost kill girls—even—even if they're twelve! I can pretty near kill 'em." When he came home from a boy-fight he was merely exultant, naturally flushed. But after he had pulled a girl's hair until she howled for mercy, after he had kicked a girl's shins or torn her clothes or twisted her wrists, his eyes burned queerly. "I—I can almost kill girls!" he'd vow. Of course his mother, being a decent lady with the loftiest of ideals, always sent him to bed, supperless and unkissed, when he voiced his ability and desire to mutilate or annihilate the members of the fair sex. She even shed tears over his ungentlemanliness, his unnaturally brutal tendencies; and she worried terribly. David would weep in his little bed, too— hot blinding tears that quite dampened the pillow. But they were tears of happiness. [199] David's Birthright "I can whip em all !" he'd sob. "Every feller an'—an' every girl I know! Oh, I'm so glad I can fight 'em all! If I couldn't I'd—I'd die, I would.   When I'm a man I'll—I'll fight mother 1" And with dizzy visions of that delicious millenium, he would forget to obey her commands, and, jumping from the bed, would run to her like a mad thing and almost smother her with kisses, quite dampening her with his tears. David's father came from a long line of southern gentlemen. He had never struck a girl in his life, and the mere fancy of physically hurting a woman made his head swim a little. But the defect in his boy's character did not trouble him. "There are thousands of fine boys that fight. He'll get over it. He'll outgrow it. I don't want to punish him yet. There are thousands of boys who love to fight." "But there aren't thousands of nice boys who love to fight girls," his wife would reply sadly. And of course he had no answer to make to that. "I can't bear to think he's just a coward—just glorying in fighting the weaker element. It seems more like a disease." And when David was seven, as he still loved to beat up little girls and to tell of his conquests with quivering lips and queer fanatical gleams in his eyes, she actually took him to a physician.  But the doctor only laughed. "He's a fine boy," he assured the troubled woman. "Don't worry for five or six years. Do what you can to influence him to like girls, or at least to be indifferent to them. But I am sure there is nothing abnormal about your child. There are more youngsters in the world than you imagine with natural perversities. That is all David's passion for superiority is. He'll outgrow it." But David did not outgrow his so-called natural perversity. His relation to small girls continued to be very much like that [200] Edna  Wahlert McCourt between serpent and bird, lion and prey, bull and red rag. II It was a warm Spring afternoon, two or three years later, that a very white little boy with blue lips and dilated pupils that made his eyes appear abnormally round, crept into his mother's room. "David!" she almost screamed. "What has happened! Are you sick?" The voice that answered her was hoarse and the grey eyes that gazed at her with a sort of inhuman fascination were almost black. "No, I'm not sick," he said. "I'm just—I'm just—wicked." It flashed through her mind that at last the thing she had been fearing had come to pass; he had seriously hurt someone or perhaps . . . She would not permit herself to imagine the logical possibilities of her fear. "What have you done?" she cried. The far-away voice answered dreamily, "Nothing." "Don't lie to me, David," she commanded. "Tell me exactly what has happened. What have you done?" "I—I don't know," he told her. "He just said—he just said I hurt the girls. He just said I was—too wicked to come to school any more." "You are not—" He said the word for her bravely: "Expelled" He handed her the note from his principal. She read things about her son she knew and yet did not know; she read judgments she had never permitted herself to formulate; she read prophesies that made her teeth chatter a little. The fact emerged, as unsuspected mountain peaks emerge when the mist lifts, that her son—her son and her gentlemanly husband's son—was too cruel to girls to be allowed to associate with children in the public schools. She would a million times rather have read that he had the small-pox. [201]David's Birthright During the eternal afternoon hours before the father came home, they two sat silently, and every tick of the clock was stentorian. Without a word she handed her husband the principal's letter, and, as David watched him read it and realized, for the first time in his little life how handsome his father was and how white his blue veined temples and hands were, tears came to his eyes, quite unconsciously. David's father whipped him, terribly, that night. "I want you to understand," his white lips managed to tell the boy, "that I am only doing this because your mother's and my reasoning with you during all these years has been of no avail." But after it was all over, the boy threw his arms about his father's neck passionately, and, kissing him all over the front of his shirt, sobbed: "Oh, Daddy! Daddy! It was a grand fight you put up! How long will it be before I'm a man like you?" The father's lower jaw dropped then, foolishly. He had intended to lock the boy up and keep him on the frugalest of diets until he promised never to touch a little girl again. But instead he talked—carefully. He explained to the very best of his ability the sanctioned and conventional attitude of man towards woman and the wisdom of forming chivalrous habits during boyhood. When he exhausted his supply of admonitions and inspirations and warnings, David gazed at him adoringly. "You talk—Oh you talk beautiful, Daddy!" he sobbed. "But still—Oh Daddy!—it seems right for me to—to fight girls! It seems right for me to make 'em do what I—want 'em to do—if I—want to. Oh Daddy," he cried earnestly, his white, tear-stained face all a-quiver, "can't you see?" III They put him in a boy's school and practically isolated him from the society of little girls; so that, as the years passed, he [202] Edna  Wahlert McCourt seemed to develop into quite a normal youth. They even grew able to smile over their fears as to his future, and the youngster came to be able to pass a girl with the same indifference with which he would pass a gate post. But when he was fourteen, David fell in love. The object of his young passion was a blonde girl about his own age with long silly curls that her mother, and kids, manufactured over night. She had a simpering little face and affected manners, and her skinny body was togged out in all the ridiculous fluff-fluffs and fashionablenesses and incongruities of the absurd ruling mode. You cannot imagine a greater contrast than that between her useless white hand, bedecked as crudely as any savage's, and David's great baseball-hardened paw. In fact, hers was the last type of girl his parents would have expected him to take for his first sweetheart. But how he adored her! He carried her books to and from her school (although his gallantry caused him to be repeatedly tardy himself, for which offense he was assigned tremendously long extra exercises, which he performed, however, without batting an eyelash). He fetched her all the books she wanted from the library; she had a passion for reading absurd novels, but was too lazy to go after them herself. He spent all his allowance taking her to moving picture shows and providing her with candy, hot-waffles, and ice-cream. And once, when she told him how she loved to wear chains and things around her neck, he broke open his nickle-and-penny-bank and, with the savings of years, purchased every string of beads in the 5-and-1o-cent store for her. He would have died for her or slaved for her or starved for her. Which really means a great deal, for David was enamoured of living and of loafing and above all of eating. While David's fourteenth year marked the glorious culmination of an inspired childhood, Jessie's ushered in all the [203] David's Birthright false standards, all the hardness, selfishness and illogicalness of budding womanhood. Although she basked, like a cat at the hearth, in the deliciousness of David's devotion and purred her absolute satisfaction inwardly, yet she manifested her complacency in a fashion that David could no more correctly interpret than a fervent bull could the struttings and coquetries of a peacock. When their courtship was four or five months old, Jessie began to make eyes at and call trivialities to a fellow who lived across the street. But David had a physical interview with his near-rival and, although what transpired between them has not been recorded, his opponent ever afterwards, whenever Jessie entered his line of vision, pulled his cap hastily over his eyes and rapidly disappeared beyond the horizon. But after a few weeks of peace, Jessie commenced Dancing School where David, of course, scorned to go. For a while the boy was not suspicious of the constancy of his sweetheart, and was absolutely content escorting her to and from the academy. One day, however, a certain Joseph Jones walked home with them. Jessie was in her element, mincing along between the boys, and she laughed and giggled and simpered and frolicked deliciously. David had really no conscious disturbing thoughts; but when, after the next lesson and the next, Joseph again accompanied them homeward, his face became very white and he frequently stumbled. For things swam before his eyes and the bright sunshine cavorted about in purple-blue spirals. Jessie understood intuitively that he was in an unusual mood, but did not aggravate him. Wisely she devoted her entire attention to Joseph. David did not hear a word of their conversation; he was solving his problem. He figured out that there wouldn't be any sense in fighting Joseph, because he and Joseph were good friends and because Jessie had evidently asked Joseph to walk [204] Edna  Wahlert McCourt home with her. He recalled the difficulty with the boy across the street and realized that, even if he did away with Joseph in like manner, Jessie would probably get interested in yet another fellow. And, he couldn't spend the rest of his life beating up his rivals, could he? He decided that there was only one way to settle his eternal firstness in Jessie's heart for all time to come, and that way was to subdue Jessie. When they reached the girl's home, he picked up a bit of wood and, whittling carefully, whistled meaningly. Joseph took the hint and left, in what an outsider would have termed unnecessary haste. But then, Joseph had heard of the episode of the boy across the street. Jessie hummed a frivolous tune. And, "Isn't Joseph a grand looking fellow?" she asked. David closed his knife carefully and put it in his pocket. Then he stood up, and, as magnificently as though he were throwing the discus at an athletic contest, hurled the piece of wood far down the street. He caught the admiration that leaped to Jessie's eyes, but instead of following his impulse to josh her and forgive her, he listened to something in his brain which kept repeating: It's got to be settled for good! He kicked the steps rhythmically and avoided meeting her coquettish glance. "You've got to quit dancing school," he said slowly. Her heart fluttered delightedly. "Oh, do I?" she inquired pertly. "Why?" His breath was sucked backwards and his fists clenched. "Because—I—want—you—to," he answered, and this time he looked at her steadily. She laughed nervously and flirted with the ruffles of her pretty frock.  "Why should I do what you want?" "Because," everything turned perfectly black to him as, for the first time, he uttered the glorious words, "because you're my girl." [205] David's Birthright She walked across the veranda to her front door with ridiculous dignity. "Oh, is that so?" And she tossed her head with the offended pride of her favorite tragedy queen of the movies. He sprang to her and grabbed her wrists.  "Ain't you—" he choked, "ain't you—my girl?" With the intuition of a seasoned flirt she answered prissily, without meaning a word that she said or implied, "If your eyes'd been open, lately, you wouldn't have to ask that." David's brain grew clear as ether, and the words whirled through his heart: "She's my girl—if I want her.  No matter what she thinks or says. Whatever I want her to do, she's got to do. She's got to want to do what I want her to. Because I'm a boy!" And with all his strength, and David was an unusually strong boy, he twisted her wrists. She screamed at the top of her voice. He covered her mouth with his hand. She bit his fingers and screamed louder than before. Then he shook her, —not furiously, but so violently and passionately, that she fainted in his arms. As inmates of the house rushed to the door in response to her cries, he handed her over to—someone. Then he was seized with a nervous chill; but somehow he managed to stumble home and to his mother. "I—I've killed Jessie," he moaned. "She wouldn't do what I wanted—her—to. She got the—best of me. And I'm a boy . . ." And he crumpled up at her feet. IV I might consume the pages of a good sized novel recounting the conditions and adventures of the next ten years of David's life. He emerged from a long seige of illness into an epoch distinguished by ardent poise and extreme intellectual activity. He endeavored, almost feverishly, to imitate the good manners [206] Edna  Wahlert McCourt of his parents, and he read and studied voraciously, chiefly science and anthropology. Again he seemed dead, dumb, and blind to the existence of womankind. But during his third year at the secondary school he read an original oration on Woman's Place in Nature that quite electrified the institution. Teachers listened in astonishment, wondering if it were possible that he had read Nietzsche, and students forgot to applaud. That night he ran away from home and joined the army. He was only seventeen, but easily passed all tests. In less than a year, however, he returned, having learned very little of patriotism but a great deal of life. He kissed the grey hairs that had come to streak his mother's head during his absence, and studiously prepared himself for college. When he made Sophomore Honors, a tremendous fury seized him. "What good is it!" he cried to himself. "Any girl could do as much! I want to do something that is manly! I want to be a man! Why didn't I live a hundred years ago? Studying is well and good for girls and for fellows who want to live like women and for great men. I—I shall never be great. I don't want to be! I want to be just a man—an ordinary man—but a man. All this studying is the absorbing of a feminine type of knowledge. My professors are no different from my mother. Everything is saturated with this feminism,—the newspapers are mere organs for women, sanctioned literature is what the women approve of, the professions, commerce, even politics ... O, I must live a life that is manly as life used to be!  I shall!  I will!" He joined the navy, and for two years sailed the high seas and carved his way through the life of the ports. With the militia he had learned of life. Now he lived it. And he came to know all types of women well, though chiefly the lower orders.   He worshipped beauty and kindliness in women: [207] David's Birthright everything else he despised. Not very clearly, not very logically, not with reason, but wholly because he was fiercely jealous of womankind and her perpetually evident superiority, or at least, her importance. The twenty-three year old boy who finally returned to his mother looked thirty.  But he told himself he was a hundred. 'Ts there no place in the world for me?" he asked himself, bitterly. "The world today is a world for women and for feminine men who are afraid to be manly, and for men who could be manly if they did not prefer to cater to the women. I am greater than any woman! I was born knowing it. . ." He started for "Out West," and though "Out West" is no particular spot on earth, but is only a spirit of freedom and a significance, yet he did gravitate to the Rockies, and he took to ranching and to loving it. V But he chose his ranch in empty country, empty save for a tawny road, a blue-gold river, the green glory of the pines, and an infinite wave of violet hills backgrounded by tall massive peaks whose white uplifted faces kissed the sky. Such cabins as were in his neighborhood were scattered far apart. In fact, he grew so out of the habit of expecting to see indication of human life that, frequently, he mistook white smoke from a chimney for cloud or mist or forest fire. His gentle cattle and pretty sheep flocked his hills rhythmically. He loved them. "Because I control their destinies," he told himself. He rode five miles each day for his mail, and when the ground was firm returned by way of Blue Bell Canyon. The scenery there was of unparalleled beauty, and besides, his good friends, the Waltons, had their cabin near the head of the ravine. Mr. Walton was an ex-college-professor whose library had been conveyed to the mountains in spite of the fact that the professorial savings account had been considerably de- [208] Edna  Wahlert McCourt pleted thereby. The library attracted David as much as the Waltons did. On a late Spring morning, as the intoxicating odor of new life dilated David's nostrils, his mare, Peggy, from force of habit, slowed her pace as a bend in the road revealed the Walton's whitewashed cabin and fences. Now David, for more than seven years, had ridden by this, place about three hundred times each twelve months and he knew it well. He stared at the stranger who was calmly sitting in the orchard. She was quite young, about twenty, and not especially beautiful. But an unusual serenity lay upon her delicate features that ennobled them with something that struck David as more beautiful than beauty. Her lap was full of flowers,—wild flox, the mariposa lily, galardia, harebells, lupine, sulfur, bed-straw . . . and her white fingers touched them caressingly. David had not the faintest idea who she was, but so well was he acquainted with the Waltons that, just as though he had encountered her on his own verandah, he raised his hat. She lifted her calm face, as Peggy pranced gently at the gate, but, as though David were an invisible thing, she gazed past him to the farther wall of the canyon. There could be no doubt from the expression of her face that she was aware of his presence, but her calm eyes ignored him. No woman had ever before ignored David, and he winced as though he were ashamed. Then his eyes blazed at her; he turned perfectly white, and wheeling Peggy with a terrible pull, dashed up the trail. "She—she looked through me! I might have been an insect! She was more concerned with the weeds in her lap!" Peggy caught his mood and galloped furiously. The next day Mrs. Walton phoned an invitation to come to dinner and "meet her niece." "I didn't tell you I expected her to visit me," she said, "be- [209] David's Birthright cause I was afraid you would manufacture a pretext for a visit to the hills. And I want you to know her." But David excused himself. It was the end of the month ... he would be busy with his accounts . . . He changed the subject abruptly, then longed to hear more of her. Mrs. Walton volunteered no information, but in the midst of a discussion on crops he blurted out, angrily. "Can she sing?" "Very beautifully." Like an overwrought child he brought the conversation to a close. "I've hunted all over the world for that face," he whispered. "It has the expression I have always longed to see on a woman's face. I've so often been afraid she wouldn't sing. To think that she can . . . and then to have her ignore me." The thought was very bitter. One cannot disapprove without approving; nor can one censure without appreciating. And so because of the anger and the jealousy and the contempt for women that he had felt in his youth, and, too, because of the poignant antagonism he had experienced in his maturer years, David had formed a more vivid picture of his ideal than most men do. He knew just what his perfect woman should be and what she should not be. He had dreamed of meeting her a million times. He knew he would not fail to recognize her and he had never even vaguely suspected that she would not recognize his superiority. One of the essentials of his ideal woman was that she should know him as her mate and as, if not the creator of her destiny, the chief-est determining factor. Everywhere he turned, in all his day dreams, all his nightly visions, he saw the calm face of the girl in the Walton's orchard, saw her expression of awareness yet of ignoring, of seeing and yet of looking beyond and through him. He was ashamed.  It was as though he had found himself wanting. [210]Edna Wahlert McCourt He dreaded meeting her. "If she should look at me like that again, I don't believe I could control myself." He got out his camping outfit and went, with Peggy, to the high hills for a week, in order to "forget her." But when he returned home he could not do that, or stay away from Blue Bell. He rode down the canyon. Peggy tried to slow up as they approached the Walton's ranch, but when he swore she galloped by, all too swiftly. Yet she had been in the orchard! She had dropped her sewing as he flew by! She had smiled at him! There was something in the smile even that made his heart leap—not shyness but rather humility. O, fool that he had been, wasting all these days when he might have had that smile sooner, that shy, humble smile! For days he hung around the telephone hoping, almost praying for Mrs. Walton to invite him to her home again. But when he realized that she would not, he made up his mind to visit her unasked. No sooner was his mind made up than he was on Peggy's back. For David never yet had failed to obey an impulse, nor had he ever first procrastinated. Mrs. Walton met him at the gate. "I'm glad you've come, David.'' "I—I wanted to hear her sing." "It is a rare treat to hear her. By the way, David, I want to tell you she is blind." VI Indian summer: the white beards of the mountains have grown longer; the angiosperms below have turned lemon color; and Blue Bell canyon has donned her most gorgeous array. "I never thought I should ask a woman to marry me," David told Mary Catherine. "You probably planned a sort of Young Lochinvar ceremony.  Now didn't you?" she questioned. [211] David's Birthright He laughed a little, but the eyes that watched her white fingers crotcheting swiftly were serious. "I want to tell you about myself," he answered. "Haven't you told me a good bit about that person already?" "I want to tell you logically, before I ask you to marry me." "I'm all ears, Sir Knight." "When I was a little shaver, I used to—fight girls. I hurt them like everything. I was expelled from school, even, because I treated them so abominably. I guess I really tortured them." She caught her breath. David could not tell whether from surprise or dismay. "When I was fourteen," he went on, "I had a—girl. Because she wouldn't do just what I wanted her to, I hurt her so and frightened her so that—she fainted." He was afraid to look into her expressive face. "I hope you won't hate me," he continued quaintly, "but I'm not even ashamed of—all that. The superior airs they assumed seemed wicked to me, when I was a boy. I fought girls as the Crusaders did the Heathen, I suppose. They were, they seemed the usurpers of the Temple, you know—the Temple of Manhood." "What made you that kind of a child, David?" "I haven't the faintest idea." He fell into a bit of musing. "Go on," she urged. "I was thinking of Mother. Father, too. Of course I was a terrible disappointment to them." "Why 'of course'?" she demanded proudly, for her, almost defiantly. "They are very modern, very conventional people, you see. It hurt them to have a freak for a son. All during my youth ... I hope you won't laugh at me . . . but it was like Jeanne d'Arc. I always heard Voices crying out for freedom,—crying out against Woman the Tyrant, the usurper of that supe- [212] Edna Wahlert McCourt riority which had been wholly man's. I heard Voices calling for the old conditions when men were the acknowledged Masters of the Earth." "You were just a poet." He kept on with his confession. "I had a fair amount of brains, but all my school work and all my college work was tainted. For I knew that every realm of knowledge, all learning, the sphere which during all the ages has been the sanctuary, the holy of holies of man alone!— it had been besieged, stormed, conquered by," he smiled, "the enemy." "Such thoughts robbed book learning of all its pleasure for me. Mother and Father wanted me to be a great physician or a professor of philosophy. But I—I just couldn't. Women could do that. I longed to work at something that was imbued with the old time spirit of manliness. There was the army and the navy. I—I learned them both by heart. There were many women in my life, at that time, too. But I did not find what I was seeking for. It was not until I was twenty-five that I realized the fact had to be accepted: Man was no longer the Czar of the Earth; Woman had come to stay." "David," she began. But he had made up his mind to confess everything. "I haven't told you the worst. Listen. Of course I know that woman has been evolving according to her god-given rights, even though mistakes have been made in the evolving. I know that hurting her body as I did when a youngster, and hurting her, as I did when I was older, is futile. But . . . but I still believe men should be, I still wish men were, the more complete. A man ought to confess that before he asks a girl to marry him." She gave a little cry. "David—please! You are too wonderful. Don't ask me." He caught her hands. [213] David's Birthright "Why not?" he demanded. "I've been honest always. Every honest man may ask." "You don't understand, I mean ... if I were like others, I should be so proud. But, David ... I cannot see. I cannot see." Her words seemed to reach him like a joyous announcement. "You are my birthright, Mary Catherine," he said. [214] The Untold Lie By Sherwood Anderson WHEN I was a boy and lived in my home town of Winesburg, Ohio, Ray Pearson and Hal Winters were farm hands employed on a farm three miles north of us. I can't for my life say how I know this story concerning them, but I vouch for its truth. I have known the story always just as I know many things concerning my own town that have never been told to me. As for Ray and Hal I can recall well enough how I used to see them on our Main Street with other country fellows of a Saturday afternoon. Ray was a quiet,rather nervous man of perhaps fifty with a brown beard and shoulders rounded by too much and too hard labor. In his nature he was as unlike Hal Winters as two men can be unlike. Ray was an altogether serious man, as I remember him, and had a little sharp featured wife who had also a sharp voice. The two, with half a dozen thin legged children, lived in a tumble-down frame house beside a creek at the back end of the Wills' farm, where Ray was employed. Hal Winters, his fellow employee, was a young fellow. He was not of the Ned Winters family, who were very respectable people among us, but was one of the three sons of the old man we called Windpeter Winters, who had a sawmill over near Unionville, six miles away, and who was looked upon by everyone in Winesburg as a confirmed old reprobate. People from my town will remember old Windpeter by his unusual and tragic death.   He got drunk in Winesburg and [215] The   Untold Lie started to drive home to Unionville along the railroad tracks. Henry Brattenburg, the butcher, who lived out that way, stopped him at the edge of the town and told him he was sure to meet the down train, but Windpeter slashed at him with his whip and drove on. When the train struck and killed him and his two horses, a farmer and his wife who were driving home along a nearby road saw the accident. They said that old Windpeter stood up on the seat of his wagon, raving and swearing at the onrushing locomotive and that he fairly screamed with delight when the team, maddened by his incessant slashing at them, rushed straight ahead to certain death. I myself remember the incident quite vividly because, although everyone in our town said that the old man would go straight to hell and that the community was better off without him, I had a secret conviction that he knew what he was doing and I admired his foolish courage. Like most boys I had already had my seasons of wishing I might die gloriously instead of just being a grocery clerk and going on with my humdrum life. I know now that many in our town must have felt the same way. But this is not the story of Windpeter Winters nor yet of his son Hal who worked on the Wills farm with Ray Pearson. It is Ray's story. But I must tell you a little of young Hal so that you will get into the spirit of it. Hal was a bad one. Everyone said that. There were three of the Winter's boys in that family, John, Hal and Edward, all broad shouldered big fellows like old Windpeter himself and all fighters and woman-chasers and generally all-around bad ones. Hal was the worst of the lot and always up to some devilment. For example, I can remember how he once stole a load of boards from his father's mill and sold them in Winesburg. With the money he bought himself a suit of cheap, flashy clothes.  Then he got drunk and when his father came raving [216] Sherwood Anderson into town to find him they met and fought with their fists on Main Street and were arrested and put into jail together. Hal went to work on the Wills farm because there was a country school teacher out that way who had taken his fancy. He was only twenty-two then but had already been in two or three of what we used to speak of as "woman scrapes." Everyone who heard of his infatuation for the school teacher was sure it would turn out badly. "He'll only get her into trouble, you'll see," was the word that went around. And so these two men, Ray and Hal were at work in a field on a day in the late October. They were husking corn and. occasionally something was said and they laughed. Then came silence. Ray, who was the more sensitive and always minded things more, had chapped hands and they hurt. He put them into his coat pockets and looked away across the fields. He was in a sad distracted mood and was affected by the beauty of the country. If you knew our country in the fall and how the low hills are all splashed with yellows and blacks you would understand his feeling. He began to think of the time, long ago when he was a young fellow living with his father, then a baker in Winesburg, and how on days like this he wandered away to the woods to gather nuts, hunt rabbits or just to loaf about and smoke his pipe. His marriage had come about through one of these days of wandering. He had induced a girl who waited on trade in his father's shop to go with him and something had happened. He was thinking of that afternoon long ago and how it had affected his whole life, when a spirit of protest awoke in him. He had forgotten about Hal and muttered words. "Tricked by Gad, that's what I was; tricked by life and made a fool of," he said in a low voice. As though understanding his thoughts, Hal Winters spoke up. "Well, has it been worth while? What about it, eh, what about marriage and all that?" he asked and then laughed. Hal tried to keep on laughing but he too was in an earnest mood. [217] The Untold Lie He began to talk earnestly. "Has a fellow got to do it?" he asked. "Has he got to be harnessed up and driven like a horse?" He didn't wait for an answer but sprang to his feet and began to walk back and forth between the corn shocks. He was getting more and more excited. Bending suddenly down he picked up an ear of the yellow corn and threw it at the fence. "I've got Nell Gunther in trouble," he said. "I'm telling you, but you keep your mouth shut." Ray Pearson arose and stood staring. He was almost a foot shorter than Hal and when the younger man came and put his two hands on the older man's shoulders they made a picture. There they stood in the big empty field with the quiet corn shocks standing in rows behind them and the red and yellow hills in the distance and from being just two indifferent workmen they had become all alive to each other. Hal sensed it and because that was his way he laughed. "Well old daddy," he said awkwardly, "come on, advise me. I've got Nell in trouble. Perhaps you've been in the same fix yourself. I know what everyone would say is the right thing to do but what do you say? Shall I marry and settle down? Shall I put myself into the harness to be worn out like an old horse? You know me, Ray. There can't anyone break me but I can break myself. Shall I do it or shall I tell Nell to go to the devil? Come on, you tell me. Whatever you say, Ray, I'll do." Ray couldn't answer. He shook Hal's hands loose and turning walked straight away toward the barn. As I've said he was a sensitive man and there were tears in his eyes. He knew there was only one thing to say to Hal Winters, son of old Windpeter Winters, only one thing that all his own training and all the beliefs of the people he knew would approve, but for his life he couldn't say what he knew he should say. At half past four that afternoon Ray was puttering about [218] Sherwood Anderson the barnyard when his wife came up the lane along the creek and called him. After the talk with Hal he hadn't returned to the cornfield but worked about the barn. He had already done the evening chores and had seen Hal, dressed and ready for a roistering night in town, come out of the farm house and go into the road. Along the path toward his own house he trudged behind his wife, looking at the ground and thinking. He couldn't make out what was wrong. Every time he raised his eyes and saw the beauty of the country in the failing light he wanted to do something he had never done before, shout or scream or hit his wife with his fist or something equally unexpected and terrifying. Along the path he went scratching his head and trying to make it out. He looked hard at his wife's back but she seemed all right. She only wanted him to go into town for groceries and as soon as she had told him what she wanted, began to scold. "You're always puttering," she said. "Now I want you to hustle. There isn't anything in the house for supper and you've got to get to town and back in a hurry." Ray went into his own house and took an overcoat from a hook back of the door. It was torn about the pockets and the collar was shiny. The wife went into the bedroom and presently came out with a soiled cloth in one hand and three silver dollars in the other. Somewhere in the house a child wept bitterly and a dog that had been sleeping by a stove arose and yawned. Again the wife scolded. "The children will cry and cry.  Why are you always puttering?" she said. Ray went out of the house and climbed a fence into a field. It was just growing dark and the scene that lay before him was lovely. All the low hills were washed with color and even the little clusters of bushes in the corners by the fences were alive with beauty. The whole world seemed to Ray Pearson to have become alive with something just as he and Hal had [219]The Untold Lie suddenly become alive when they stood in the cornfield staring into each other's eyes. The beauty of our country there about Winesburg was just too much for Ray on that fall evening. That's all there was to it. He couldn't stand it. Of a sudden he forgot all about being a quiet old farm hand, and throwing off the torn overcoat began to run across the field. As he ran he shouted a protest against his life, against all life, against everything that makes life ugly. "There was no promise made," he cried into the empty spaces that lay about him. "I didn't promise my Minnie anything and Hal hasn't made any promise to Nell. I know he hasn't. She went into the woods with him because she wanted to go. What he wanted she wanted. Why should I pay? Why should Hal pay? Why should anyone pay? I don't want Hal to become old and worn-out. I'll tell him. I won't let it go on. I'll catch Hal before he gets to town and I'll tell him." Ray ran clumsily and once he stumbled and fell down. "I must catch Hal and tell him," he kept thinking and although his breath came in gasps he kept running harder and harder. As he ran he thought of things that hadn't come into his mind for years—how at the time he married he had planned to go west to his uncle in Portland, Oregon—how he hadn't wanted to be a farm hand but had thought when he got out west he would go to sea and be a sailor or get a job on a ranch and ride a horse into western towns shouting and laughing and waking the people in the houses with his wild cries. Then as he ran he remembered his children and in fancy felt their hands clutching at him. All of his thoughts of himself were involved with the thoughts of Hal and he thought the children were clutching at the younger man also. "They are the accidents of life, Hal," he cried. "They are not mine or yours. I had nothing to do with them." Darkness began to spread over the fields as Ray Pearson ran [220] Sherwood Anderson on and on. His breath came in little sobs. When he came to the fence at the edge of the road and confronted Hal Winters all dressed up and smoking a pipe as he walked jauntily along, he couldn't have told what he thought or what he wanted. I suppose Ray Pearson lost his nerve and that this is really the end of the story of what happened to him. It was almost dark when he got to the fence and he put his hands on the top bar and stood staring. Hal Winters jumped a ditch and coming up close, put his hands in his pockets and laughed heartily. He seemed to have lost his own sense of what had happened in the cornfield and when he put up a strong hand and took hold of the lapel of Ray's coat he shook the old man as he might have shaken a dog that had misbehaved. "You came to tell me, eh?" he said. "Well, never mind telling me anything. I'm not a coward and I've already made up my mind." He laughed again and jumped back across the ditch. "Nell ain't no fool," he said. "She didn't ask me to marry her. I want to marry her. I want to settle down and have kids." Ray Pearson also laughed. He felt like laughing at himself and all the world. As the form of Hal Winters disappeared in the dusk that lay over the road that led to Winesburg he turned and walked slowly back across the fields to where he had left his torn overcoat. As he went, some memory of pleasant evenings spent with the thin legged children in the tumble-down house by the creek must have come into his mind, for he muttered words. "It's just as well. Whatever I told him would have been a lie," he said softly and then his form also disappeared into the darkness of the fields. [221] The Scar By Elizabeth Stead Taber IN a certain remote road valley among the foothills of the North Woods country, the Wild Cat Road forms a jagged, unsightly scar upon the otherwise lovely face of Nature,—a scar which is the more hideous by its contrast to the wild, alluring beauty around it. The law of Nature works here in harsh ways which are in accord with the grim aspect of the place. Bald, rocky steeps; gaunt, struggling pines; and in the lower ground, tall grey corpses of trees still standing upright in the swamps that had brought death to them,—it was on such an outlook that Rilly Ward gazed from the doorway of the tar-papered shanty that was her home. The dead trees stood in a ghastly company on the opposite side of the straggling road which here and there took a turn around a rocky outcrop on its way; beyond the swampy ground Big Elephant Mountain reared its bulky mass; back of the shanty the dry fields were covered with the pale greenish-yellow of the coarse bent grass; upward from them sloped the seared and scarred form of Little Elephant Mountain which had burned over the year before. The woman in the doorway possessed a certain dull comeliness. The dark, cheap wrapper which she wore hung in shapeless folds; her brown hair had no lights and shadows but was all the dun color of earth; her hands were coarse and large; yet there was an air about her that was almost pleasing. Her eyes were lustreless but they brightened as she stepped [222] Elizabeth Stead Taber down to the broad flat stone in front of the door and called, "Almy." In response to her call, a strange-looking little creature of six or seven years crept from behind the big tamarack tree, carrying in her hands cones which she had been gathering. Dark hair encircled her colorless face, the eyes were hidden by lowered lids; it was when she raised her glance to her mother's and held out the cones that a foolish smile broke over the face which had, at first glance, seemed almost pretty. It was a smile singularly like the silly grin of a drunken man. "You set here, Almy, and watch for your pa to come; I'll be makin' supper." The child sat down on the high doorstep and the woman went within the shanty. A moment later a tall young giant swung into view around the bend of the road. He was dark and roughly handsome with an animal beauty; uncouth and like an untrained animal he looked as he came nearer with lounging strides. The child in the doorway shrank aside as he reached her, but if he was aware of her presence he ignored it, and passed on into the shanty. The little girl entered when her mother called out, "Almy," and the three sat down to eat from the thick plates on the bare table near the door. The furniture was scanty and rude; a worn-out stove was at one side of the room, a rough bed stood in the darkest corner, and a homemade cot close beside it. A deep dish of raccoon meat in thick greasy gravy was the chief food. Joe Ward ate for some time in silence, his wife glancing at him furtively. She was wondering "what ailed Joe" tonight; he had not been drinking, but there was a subdued excitement and unnatural manner about him which disturbed her. "First coon I've got in a year and it'll be the last for a while, I guess," announced Joe.   "Can't nobody else do nothin' [223] The Scar huntin' with Ruddy Munroe gettin' it all." He shook back the dark hair from his forehead, and looked at the woman facing him. "Ruddy Munroe's got luck," he continued; "he won't never lack skins to sell nor meat to eat." "He's been fixin' a new house up the Wild Cat Road," ventured Rilly; "he does get along." Almy remained silent most of the time, but occasionally she glanced at her mother, the same silly grin disfiguring her face. She was strikingly like her father; it was when that expression came over her countenance that he avoided looking at her. "Yes, a four-roomed one, all sided up and painted, lookin' off to Blueberry Pond," Joe was saying. "Do you suppose he'd be livin' in a place like this? Neither would I be if I'd ever had any luck. Can't raise nothin' on land that'll only grow hell-bent grass; can't do trappin' where Ruddy Munroe's gettin' rich on it. If it hadn't been for the sawmill comin' in this year, I'd cleaned out before this. But we're windin' up the clearin' and that'll be movin' soon." Rilly had heard Joe talk against his luck before, although perhaps not quite so fiercely. "Why, Joe, you ain't never tried no farmin'," she said. "Huntin' or farmin' or whatever, Ruddy Munroe's got along because he's a smart man and—" "Ruddy Munroe don't drink. How'd you like it if he'd chose you for his woman?" "Why, Joe, Ruddy Munroe wouldn't 'a' looked at me. He's fine set up; but maybe I wouldn't be so bad off," she said musingly. Rilly had risen and stepped to the door. She was emptying the greasy gravy outside where it fell on the broad stone. She turned back into the room as Joe went on, "That's the last grease gravy you'll be emptyin' out o' this door, Rilly." Almy's big eyes looked at him wonderingly and the woman, too, did not seem to understand. [224] Elizabeth Stead Taber "Yes, Rilly Ward, how'd you like to live up to that new house of Ruddy Munroe's?" Before she could speak he continued, "Well, that's where you're goin'. Ruddy wants a woman,—been havin' his eye on you for some time, he says,— ain't you pleased?" "Why, what do you mean, Joe? You ain't been drinkin' again?" she questioned, for he spoke with a reckless laugh. At her words he gave a quick glance at the child, who was still gazing at him with wide open eyes, but he quickly looked away. "No, I ain't been drinkin'. I mean you're goin' to be his woman, Rilly. He don't mind takin' her"—he jerked his head at Almy without looking at her—"for the sake o' gettin' a good woman like you.  It'll be a big thing for you." "Why Joe," she protested, "you ain't tired o' me?" "It ain't no new idea; I've been thinkin' of it for a long time." His eyes wandered back again to Almy for a moment. "It's no more'n Billy Tompkins and Jud Camp done,—didn't they swap wives? I'm goin' to clear out, Rilly. I'm goin' down to the Falls, and I'm goin' to get me another woman down there."  He said the last words with an air of bravado. "Ruddy Munroe don't drink, neither," he repeated grimly, keeping his eyes upon her. "Oh Joe," she cried, "I don't mind your drinkin'. I mean," — she looked at Almy, "I'd rather live with you anyhow." "Well, I wouldn't, so that's settled," he declared flatly. "Ain't it enough for you that I'm goin' to get me another woman?" The woman seemed to sense this thought for the first time. The dog-like look of submission passed from her face, and in its place came a sort of boldness, as with a quick toss of her head she said, "Well, course I ain't wantin' to stay much." "The bargain's all made and you'll like it first rate," he said. "Ruddy Munroe!" she muttered. "It's awful sudden, Joe; I wish you'd told me before.   But it's real excitin' and I'm [225] The Scar glad to go," she declared. "Ruddy ain't bad if you aim to please him," Joe responded weakly. Just then they heard the sound of wheels outside. Joe's name was called in a hard ringing voice. He turned to Rilly saying: "You ain't got much to leave and you ain't got much to take, so it won't take you long to get ready." "Yes, I'm goin', Joe," she answered as he went out of the door. Rilly looked around her in a dazed way and then, seeming to awake to the situation, she spoke to the child who all the while had been staring in wonderment at her father. "Almy, we're goin'. Pick up them things. Goin' for good." She added to herself, "Your pa won't never have to see your face again." The things were an old cape and a cap which the child sometimes wore. There was indeed but little to take; Rilly soon made a bundle of their only clothes, and with no other preparation she was ready. No looking glass was in sight but she smoothed her hair back with her hands, as if she stood before one. "He's goin' to get another woman," she muttered. "But it ain't me so much as it is Almy,—he never could stand her, and I might 'a' known he'd do somethin' like this some day. Well, he never treated her bad, and Ruddy Munroe shan't neither." Grasping the child tightly by the hand, she stepped to the doorway. Joe was entering and Rilly saw that there was green money in his hand, which he placed on the shelf, setting a heavy dish from the table over it. Then he went out after Rilly into the dusk of the evening. The short stocky form of Ruddy Munroe was dimly outlined in the half light as he sat in the buckboard; his face could not be clearly seen, but Rilly Ward knew the full straight line [226] Elizabeth Stead Taber of his thick lips, and the bulging eyes that almost seemed to hang over his cheeks. She felt those eyes upon her even in the darkness. "Well, so long, Joe," Ruddy said in an easy tone, while Joe was awkwardly pushing Almy into the buckboard after her mother. "Don't forget your old friends, Joe, when you get down to the Falls." Rilly was holding her head high. "When you leavin', Joe?" she asked casually. "Day or two," he answered, adding shortly, "Goodbye." His tone sounded relieved. They drove off in the darkness, Almy clinging close to her mother. They went some distance in silence; then the man spoke in a natural manner. "Well, Rilly, we're goin' to hitch up all right, I guess, eh?" Rilly gave an almost unintelligible murmur. It sounded like assent.  Almy nestled closer to her. "'Course nobody could be sorry for leavin' that place. Even Joe's glad to get out." The man's voice rang out loudly in the night air. Rilly thought, "It ain't that, he's glad to be gettin' away from," but she did not speak. "I knew you'd be glad to leave," he went on with assurance. "'Course we all know Joe's a good sort, but he gets drunk most too much sometimes, eh?" Rilly tightened her hold on Almy's small form. She seemed to see that white face even in the blackness of the night, the face which was to Joe Ward a constant reminder that he was drunk "most too much." With a real physical effort she tried to master her feeling of undesire. It was not that she wished to hold to Joe,—no, if he was to get another woman, she could put him out of her thoughts and let someone take his place. She did not know why she should mind much leaving Joe, but it had all hap- [227] The Scar pened so suddenly, and a feeling of blackness oppressed her, as heavy as the darkness of the night. Once Ruddy gave the horse a sharp cut with the whip. Rilly winced and she felt the child cringe. While he talked and Rilly joined in now and then with acquiescence, the two miles along the Wild Cat Road were covered. They drew up to the new house which was only a square black spot in the dark night. When they had entered Rilly saw that the room in which they stood was clean but bare-looking; it seemed to invite a woman's care. She looked around her at the white plaster walls, and thought of the dark discolored sides of the room she had left, but Ruddy, standing awkwardly nearby, interpreted her glance in his own way. "Pretty good lookin', ain't it?" he questioned. She nodded approval and then glanced down at the child who still clung to her. "Almy, you're getting sleepy." Then she looked question-ingly at the man. "She's so quiet she gets forgot," he said. "But that's all right,—she won't be no bother then. Here you,"—he turned to the child, speaking not roughly but without any feeling— "you sleep there tonight." He indicated a couch in the room. "We'll fix up a place in the loft for you later." Then he turned to the woman. "You ain't never had no real bedroom to sleep in, livin' with Joe, have you? Well, this ain't no tar-papered shanty." He was close to her; his cheeks were flushed with cold passion. He caught the woman roughly in his arms, and his kisses were as brutal as blows. He had forgotten Almy, but while he held her mother he felt the small strong hands of the child upon him. They were like claws ready to tear him. He turned and caught her by [228]Elizabeth Stead Taber the arm, twisting it in his strong grasp. As she gave a low cry he flung her aside. "You damn brat!" His hard voice was shrill. "You fool-face like your drunken daddy! No wonder he wanted to get rid of you!" The woman caught up the child in her arms and he went on calmly, "Come now, Rilly, you and me have took each other, and she ain't goin' to be no trouble. I paid a price for you and I ain't goin' to go back on my bargain now. But you little devil,"—he paused and looked at the little creature whose eyes evaded him, "you take yourself to sleep and you and me'll get along all right tomorrow." His full lips loosened into a smile that was meant to be friendly. Almy was already on the couch, as far as possible from him. Submissively Rilly followed him into the bedroom, but the air of dumb coquetry which she had tried to assume was gone. Hours later she lay, wide-eyed and wakeful, beside the form of the man now sunk in deep slumber. One thought only filled her mind,—that he had laid his hands on Almy to hurt her, but gradually this gave place to the desire to get away. Brutality to herself she would have taken and borne as a part of her new life, but to Almy—no, she should not be touched. They must get away before it could happen again. They must go while the creature beside her slept. But where? Back to Joe? No, he was going to get another woman, he had said, and she herself had told him that she was glad to go. No, they could not go back there. Presently she thought that it was the remembrance of the money she had seen which made her thoughts go back to him. She saw him as when he had entered the door of the shanty, the money in his hand, the money which he had put on the shelf under the heavy dish. Her crude mind grasped the idea of the money as a possibility of escape. [229] The Scar She could not formulate any clearly conceived plan, but she felt that if the money could only be secured, they might use it in some way to get away. She thought of reaching Stormytown,—it was only six miles away and there was a stage from there to the railroad at Thurston. Her thoughts ran wild; she had no aim in mind but to get away before Ruddy Munroe awoke. The only thing which she saw clearly was that the money might help,—the money which had been paid for her. Slowly and stealthily she slid from the bed, and passed into the room where Almy lay on the couch. At her mother's touch she rose without a sound, and in a minute more they were out upon the Wild Cat Road. No words were spoken until they were far from the house, when Rilly said, "We're never goin' back there, Almy, never." After a pause she went on, "We'll go somewhere away, I don't know where, but we'll aim first to Stormytown. We can get there by mornin'." The child asked no questions but trudged along by her mother's side with her hand tightly clasped in the woman's. Neither thought of the dense blackness of the night that surrounded them, but a sudden sound broke the stillness and brought terror to their hearts. A cry mingling the wail of human agony with the laughter of fiendish glee sounded from Blueberry Pond. For a moment the woman shivered with fear, but as the child cowered closer to her she said, "It's only a loon, Almy." They hastened on, at times almost breaking into a run. The familiar smell of the swamp greeted their nostrils as they approached the little shanty. They slackened their pace and finally they stopped, until their quick breathing had quieted somewhat. "It's goin' to rain," Rilly murmured, sniffing the air. [230] Elizabeth Stead Taber Then they went closer toward the doorway, stepping soundlessly. Upon the intense blackness around them the big tamarack tree seemed to cast a still heavier shadow. The sound of Joe's heavy breathing came through the open doorway. Rilly dropped the child's hand from her tight grasp and seemed to tell her, without words, to stand still while she went forward. She was within the doorway, her ears sensing the regular breathing, her mind reaching forward to her grasp upon the money which was now almost within her reach. She raised her hand to the shelf and lifted the dish. As she took it up and her other hand closed upon the money, the cry of the loon rang out again more faintly like a hideous distorted echo of the earlier sound still ringing in her ears. She gave a nervous shiver and the heavy dish dropped to the floor with a crash. She started toward the doorway but Joe, aroused by the sound, was before her. "What!" he thundered.   "Who's there?" She could feel his nearness although she could not see him. She thought of Almy, crouching in the night outside, and she spoke calmly. "It's only me, Joe,—Rilly.   I come—" "Rilly! You come back?" He was touching her. "What —why—where's Almy?" "I didn't mean to wake you, Joe. I just come back. I—I somehow knocked the dish off when I heard the loon. Almy!" she called from the doorway, and in an instant the child was beside her. Joe was making a light. Almy's pale face was chalky white in the yellow glare; the fear in her eyes and the ghastly grin of her mouth made a picture of sickening horror. Joe turned from it and looked into Rilly's eyes. [231] The Scar "How—how—" he stammered, bewildered. "Where is he?" and he peered into the night as if expecting to see Ruddy Munroe enter the doorway. "Him!" she exclaimed fiercely. "Him! God curse him! He laid his hands on Almy; he hurt her and I'll never go back to him. I was a fool to go!" Her strong ejaculations seemed to have spent her force and her voice trailed off weakly. "He didn't let us come away,—no, we come while he was sleepin'." "You come back to me?" Joe questioned. "No, we ain't come back. We're goin' to Stormytown and take the stage out—we just stopped—" she faltered. "But, Rilly, where'd you go? You can't go on," he protested. "Well, we ain't comin' here, you needn't fear," she answered shortly.   She failed to bring disdain into her words. Joe's thoughts went back to the cause of their appearance. "Ruddy Munroe! He'll be huntin' for you," he exclaimed, "and he'll be comin' here, I bet!" At these words Almy reached out her thin nervous fingers and caught her mother's hand again. "We'll rest a bit," Rilly soothed her. "I can't go on just yet. You don't mind our stayin' a while, Joe? We'll go on before Ruddy Munroe should come." "We made a bargain, Ruddy and me, and I wouldn't want him to think I'd gone back on it," Joe responded. "But you can't go on, Rilly." "Well, I've said we was goin' and that's all there is to it." "'Course you must rest a while, Rilly, and we'll talk it over. I don't see what you're goin' to do," he ended, going to the door again. He stood there a long time while Almy and her mother sat within. Not a word was spoken. Rilly glanced now and then at Joe's broad back, but for the most part she sat silently in a dejected attitude of fatigue and despair. [232] Elizabeth Stead Taber When streaks of grey dawn began to show over the dark outline of Big Elephant Mountain, and the tamarack tree showed its huge shape dimly, Joe turned and said: "Well, Rilly?" As he spoke new force seemed to straighten her figure. But before she could answer they heard the sound of wheels on the Wild Cat Road, and in another moment a horse and wagon showed obscurely at the turn of the road. It stopped, and Ruddy Munroe jumped out and approached the shanty. Joe filled the doorway as Ruddy stood on the ground outside. "Has she come back here?" Ruddy's loud voice rang out. "Didn't I pay for that woman, and didn't she come o' her own accord? What's she get up and leave me in the middle o' the night for?" Rilly, with Almy clinging to the back of her skirts, had come up to the door. She saw only the big bulging eyes of the man before her as she pushed past Joe. She started to answer Ruddy but Joe spoke first. "It means that Rilly don't choose to stay, that's all. There ain't no law against it, as I know of, if she wants to." "Huh!" the man sneered.  "So she's come back to you!" "No, I didn't come back to Joe," Rilly spoke up. "But you shan't never touch Almy again. Why, her own father—" she hesitated—"her own father, what can't bear the sight o' her face, ain't never been mean to her." "Rilly," Joe interrupted her quietly, "hand back that money to Ruddy, and he can go." It was the only intimation Joe had given that he knew Rilly held the money and she stared at him in surprise. Nevertheless she held out the money to Ruddy. He reached out his hand for it, and as he did so something in the face of the woman seemed to call the passion of cold anger within him. The money dropped to the ground as he seized her arm; [233] The Scar he held her face back and laid his full lips roughly against it. "I guess that was comin' to me," he said as he stepped back. But the words were scarcely spoken when Almy was upon him. Her fierce little hands were reaching for his face and her big eyes were blazing. Only for a moment, however, did she expend her force upon him, for he hurled her from him with a strong thrust that sent her falling back into the shanty doorway. "You little devil, born of a drunken—". He started to speak, stepping forward as he did so, when Joe's arm struck out. It did not touch him, for Ruddy dodged the blow, but Almy, starting to rise as her lips twisted in a half-frightened, half-pained whimper, caught the spent force of it. She fell, slipping on the spot of greasy gravy which Rilly had thrown from the doorway the night before. Her temple struck the edge of the doorstep and she sank in a little sprawling heap upon the big stone. She lay strangely still in the grey light of the morning that was dawning. For a moment Joe stepped back within the doorway, and Ruddy stood outside, a bulky mass of indecision. But Rilly was picking up Almy from the broad stone. The little body sagged as she raised it. Joe stooped beside her and, looking into his face, Rilly spoke dully. "She's dead, Joe." "Dead!" breathed Joe, and as he leaned down he saw that it was so. He took the body from her arms, and carried it to the cot in the dark corner within. The small face looked whiter than ever before, and the thin lips smiled at him fixedly. Rilly sank down on the rough floor beside the cot and hid her face in the old cape which Almy had worn. She moaned quietly once or twice, and Joe looked down at her helplessly. Ruddy had stepped inside the doorway and [234] Elizabeth Stead Taber stood there awkwardly. He cleared his throat with a thick sound a few times, and then he spoke. "'Twasn't your fault, Joe, you know. She sort o' slipped on the step." "I guess it wasn't nobody's fault," Joe answered weakly. "But what's goin' to be done?" Rilly raised her head. "There ain't nothin' to be done; nothin' but a pine box now, Joe." She looked at the quiet face. "Just a little bruise on the temple," she whispered. "We'll tell 'em she slipped. We don't want no trouble. It wouldn't do no good now," she muttered. Ruddy's hard tones became a little lower as he said, "An' what about after the—the—?" He motioned his hand loosely toward the cot, without looking at it. "Maybe Rilly won't mind comin' now," said Joe. "No, I don't mind comin' now," she repeated. "After it's over." A few minutes later she heard the sound of wheels growing fainter on the Wild Cat Road, and she saw in her thoughts the four-roomed house on the shore of Blueberry Pond, white in the cold morning light, awaiting her. [235] The Astronomer (From the Drama, "The Madman") By Kahlil Gibran IN THE shadow of the temple my friend and I saw a blind man sitting alone.  And my friend said, "Behold, the wisest man of our land." Then I left my friend and approached the blind man and greeted him.  And we conversed. And after a while I said, "Forgive my question; but since when hast thou been blind?" "From my birth," he answered. Said I, "And what path of wisdom followest thou?" Said he, "I am an astronomer." Then he placed his hand upon his breast, saying, "I watch all these suns and moons and stars." [236] On Giving and Taking (From the Drama, "The Madman") By Kahlil Gibran ONCE there lived a man who had a valleyful of needles. And one day the mother of Jesus came to him and said:  "Friend, my son's garment is torn and I must needs mend it before he goeth to the temple.  Wouldst thou not give me a needle?" And he gave her not a needle; but he gave her a learned discourse on Giving and Taking to carry to her son before he should go to the temple. [237]Rain After a Vaudeville Show By Stephen Vincent Benet THE last pose flickered, failed.  The screen's dead white Glared in a sudden flooding of harsh light Stabbing the eyes; and as I stumbled out The curtain rose.  A fat girl with a pout And legs like hams, began to sing "His Mother." Gusts of bad air rose in a choking smother; Smoke, the wet steam of clothes, the stench of plush, Powder, cheap perfume, mingled in a rush. I stepped into the lobby—and stood still Struck dumb by sudden beauty, body and will. Cleanness and rapture—excellence made plain— The storming, thrashing arrows of the rain! Pouring and dripping on the roofs and rods, Smelling of woods and hills and fresh-turned sods, Black on the sidewalks, gray in the far sky, Crashing on thirsty panes, on gutters dry, Hurrying the crowd to shelter, making fair The streets, the houses, and the heat-soaked air,— Merciful, holy, charging, sweeping, flashing, It smote the soul with a most iron clashing! . . . Like dragons' eyes the street-lamps suddenly gleamed, Yellow and round and dim-low globes of flame. And, scarce perceived, the clouds' tall banners streamed. Out of the petty wars, the daily shame, Beauty strove suddenly, and rose, and flowered. . . . I gripped my coat and plunged where awnings lowered. [238] Stephen Vincent Benet Made one with hissing blackness, caught, embraced By splendor and by cleansing and swift haste, Spring coming in with thunderings and strife! . . . I stamped the ground in the strong joy of life. [239] Prelude (To "Creation"—a Drama) By James Oppenheim PROLOGUE As a photograph taken by lightning flash, Giving a brief glimpse of the night, So is this drama . . . Its hero is Life . . . That which from the beginning rose, and with swift changes of garment, Rushed up from the sun to the human beings we are . . . Only a glimpse, a flash, A look into self . . . For self is the whole of Creation . . . Then daylight—and darkness . . . Part, curtains . . . And in the gloom, let the original Chaos be imagined . . . Life in its own womb, before the stars of the heavens were, Or any planet swung in the sky . . . The play begins . . . Here is—yourself . . . (As curtains part, darkness, silence; a sort of mist, with now and then a dim watery light upon it.) (Far echoing voices, thin, almost immaterial.) [240] James Oppenheim FIRST VOICE Sleep . . . sleep . . . sleep . . . SECOND VOICE I stir . . . VOICES (Floating like soft winds, with undulation through all space.) Longing   .   .   .   longing . . . THIRD VOICE What cries in Chaos? VOICES Longing . . . A GATHERING OF VOICES Life is longing . . . FOURTH VOICE Woe!  The Silence breaks open . . . FIFTH VOICE The Deep begins to move . . . SIXTH VOICE There is a rolling and a writhing . . . CHORUS (A low chant, gradually lifting.) Over the face of the deep, Over the face of the still deep, The spirit of Longing moves, troubling the womb of Night . . . COUNTER-CHORUS Abide in Darkness ... in Sleep abide . . . CHORUS (Rising.) Behold, I am a heaven of thirst, I am a sky of hunger . . . [241] Prelude COUNTER-CHORUS Abide, abide in Darkness . . . CHORUS (With a rising chant.) Who shall pour the waters of Life into the mouth of Heaven And give meat to the throat of Chaos? COUNTER-CHORUS Lie in the arms of yourself, and be hushed, be still! CHORUS (Bursting forth in triumphant chant.) Creation thunders gloriously and the lips of Life are opened . . . The glory of the heavens shall be made manifest . . . The skies shall declare themselves in flame, And darkness shall be advertised in fires . . . COUNTER-CHORUS Then woe unto Creation, that becomes as a Wanderer in the Night . . . CHORUS Glory unto Creation that becomes a Mother seeking Children. COUNTER-CHORUS A child is the death of the Mother . . . CHORUS A child is the immortality of the Mother . . . She doth conceive beyond herself: She doth arise above herself: She putteth forth a hand and a spirit to work her will on the world . . . COUNTER-CHORUS Death shall come . . . [242] James Oppenheim CHORUS Death must come . . . COUNTER-CHORUS Sorrow shall come . . . CHORUS Sorrow must come . . . COUNTER-CHORUS Hate shall come . . . CHORUS But Love shall come, and joy, divinest joy . . . There shall be Laughter in my Skies . . . There shall be Children of Laughter riding some little atom in the Night . . . Come to my longing, Children . . . For the cry of Life is the cry for Children, And the unborn lures the woman-soul of the world . . . THE CRY (As of wind again.) Longing . . . longing . . . Life is Longing. (Thunder, lightning, welter of chaos.) COUNTER-CHORUS Then darted be on the deep the javelins of lightning . . . Roll, parturient thunder, rumbling in tumbled Chaos, Death, death, and a doom of death on the longing one . . . CHORUS Down, Self, mine Enemy: I battle for the light . . . COUNTER-CHORUS You shall not rise . . . CHORUS I am rising: travail of birth is on me . . . COUNTER-CHORUS Travail of death! [243] Prelude CHORUS I am the Womb: I am the Seed . . . COUNTER-CHORUS Destruction overtakes you . . . CHORUS I am the ALL-MOTHER . . . (The Battle.) CHORUS Higher!  Higher!  Flame is born! COUNTER-CHORUS Down! Down! Quench the blazing! CHORUS Victory! Flame! Children run from me! (Blackness, confusion . . . a wild running forth, as from a flinging scarf, of youths with blowing flaming hair: the STARS . . . They come dancing, laughing, joyous . . .) CHORUS (THE ALL-MOTHER) Now all the heavens thrill with Creation, And Love is established . . . The Silence breaks with the cry of children . . . Vastness sings with a million lips of flame . . . STARS (In Chorus.) Weave in a dance of fires : And let the glory of our flaming make a path in the night . . . In the Mother's arms we laugh . . . ALL-MOTHER (Calling to them.) Youth undying! STARS We hearken . . . [244] James Oppenheim ALL-MOTHER What news in heaven? STARS We drop golden flakes of flame on our paths before and after ... ALL-MOTHER What is this running of white feet up and down the slopes of night? STARS Heralds of Creation . . . ALL-MOTHER Why do I hear the morning stars singing together? STARS News of the unborn planets . . . ALL-MOTHER Galaxy, where wander you? GALAXY Hand in hand, across an arch of the sky . . . (A crowd of stars, weaving across the stage.) ALL-MOTHER And you bright seven? THE PLEIADES We twinkle together in a corner . . . Night, unscalable, overhead, Night, undescendable, under our feet . . . ALL-MOTHER Who is the lonely one down yonder? (They pause and gaze downward, as over a precipice.) A STAR Many a sky below us, he twinkles in the abyss . . . [245] Prelude ANOTHER STAR I run down the slants of space to speak him . . . Dropping from heaven to heaven   .   . . (Darkness . . . Through the darkness, the Star, trailing fire like a Comet, shoots curving downward for a long time . . . While he descends, the Chorus sings.) ALL-MOTHER Stars! my flames! My risen and shining fires! I burn higher through you, I push beyond you . . . For I must have a stronger light, a finer tool . . . (A bursting radiance, as from a powerful searchlight. Standing in the glow is a Man, the Sun . . . The Star is poised above him, tiptoe like a Mercury.) STAR Hail! SUN Hail, star! Where do you wander? STAR I jostle with the crowd up yonder across the belt of the heavens . . . Why are you parted from us? SUN My fate is otherwise: I am the lonely Wanderer, the Sun . . . In my own abyss I circle   . . . STAR Why do you blaze so? SUN My longing—my longing— [246]James Oppenheim My flame burns to leap beyond itself, My fires roll and writhe to create . . . Life! Give me children! (A cloud begins to swallow him.) STAR Where do you go? SUN To pain of death! ALL-MOTHER (Thundering.) To pain of birth! STAR Death? I fly a hundred skies away! (Darts off: a blaze: is gone . . . The Sun is lost in cloud.) ALL-MOTHER From Adam-Sun in his Eden of still space, Sleeping, a rib is torn . . . Eve-Earth is sundered from him . . . These two are a greater hand for me than is one, Through these the greater children . . . (Out of the cloud gropes a beautiful girl, the Earth, hair flying, dazed, hand outstretched.) EARTH Where am I? (Cloud vanishes . . . SUN lying sleeping . . .  She turns to him.) Oh, sleeping God! (Bends and kisses him . . . He opens his eyes.) SUN Beautiful one! ALL-MOTHER (Thundering.) Away! Out of his arms! [247] Prelude SUN Come to me! EARTH I am affrighted! (Runs from him: he rises and pursues . . . She keeps circling around him.) SUN I cannot come to you! EARTH Your light comes to me! SUN I dart arrows of flame upon you! EARTH I am stricken, my beloved . . . SUN My passion folds you . . . EARTH I yearn—I long— SUN Yea, for our children . . . EARTH Our straying ones . . . SUN The seed is sown . . . EARTH (With a cry of anguish.) Save me!  I dread my doom!  Let me go back! SUN The seed is sown! (Sudden darkness.) [248] James Oppenheim ALL-MOTHER Toward finer tools, toward higher life! The longing burns on! (Scene unfolds . . . hills, trees, the sea in the distance . . . in a cranny of the hill lies the girl, the Earth.) EARTH Ah, so many sounds of little life . . . Who sings in the wind? Who cries in the sea? Who whispers in the rustle of the grasses? Who slides there in the moss? And what bright wings flicker in the sun? Speak . . . THIN VOICE We are the tiny grass-blades, Mother . . . EARTH What lifts in you? VOICE Flame . . . A STRANGE VOICE I am the Serpent, sliding in the moss . . . ANOTHER I am the Bee, burning in the sunny air . . . ANOTHER I am the yearning and unsatisfied sea . . . I break, I break, thirsting and unslaked on the sands . ANOTHER I am Flame in Water: I am the glinting Fish . . . ANOTHER I am Flame in Air: I am the veering Bird . . . ANOTHER I am Flame in Forest: I am the running Beast . . . [249] Prelude EARTH My children! Why do you consume each other? ALL Flame consumes! EARTH Why do you multiply? ALL Flame creates! EARTH An agony enters me . . . You struggle, you tear each other, You dart poison and death upon each other, Some go forward, some go backward, When I gather you close, you run from me, When I drive you forth, you cling to me . . . Ever death, ever birth, ever pain . . . But through all runs a longing: and I feel in the air and the soil Terrible flame-agitation: desire: tremblings of love . . . SOME OF THE VOICES Beyond ourselves! Children! Children! OTHERS Not we: we sleep in the ooze and the warmth of the Earth! VOICES Forward! OTHER VOICES Backward! (A Man-like Ape enters.) EARTH Who are you? APE I am the Ape . . . (Enter a group of Apes, circling about.) [250] James Oppenheim APES Gleams are in our brains!  Streaks of a strange dawn! The beginnings of laughter! FIRST APE I am on the way to greatness . . . A greater follows me . . . I long for him . . . SECOND APE Where do you go? FIRST APE To the greater one! THIRD APE Would you leave the boughs of the trees where we are safe from the beasts? Are you different from us? FIRST APE I am driven . . . AN OLD APE But I am your Mother.  You must stay with me . . . You cannot go . . . ANOTHER APE I am your Mate.  I hold you . . . you cannot go . . . FIRST APE Away I I leave you! (They pounce on him   .   .   . Darkness.) ALL-MOTHER The longing! the longing! The flame burns hotter! The finer tool, the greater light I I rise at last! At last I burst through the cloudy fires into the clear [251] Prelude radiance! Divine thought and beautiful vision are born! (A dim twilight . . . From among the apes, a human pair, savage, wild, step forth.) FIRST APE Who are these tailless ones? SECOND APE They are deformed : they are unlike us . . . THIRD APE They have lost a lot of hair . . . FOURTH APE What is this? They laugh! FIFTH APE Death to them . . . (Voices from all directions.) FIRST VOICE The serpent shall sting them . . . SECOND VOICE The tiger spring on them . . . THIRD VOICE The sea overwhelm them . . . FOURTH VOICE The mountains burst and smother them . . . FIFTH VOICE Cold and famine shall stalk them . . . SIXTH VOICE And the sun sicken them . . . SEVENTH VOICE And flame devour them . . . [252] James Oppenheim (The Apes start toward the pair, who have been groping around, now and then rudely embracing.) WOMAN Beware!  Our enemies! MAN I must reach beyond myself . . . (Snatches a bough, tears it clean, and attacks the Apes as they come . . . They run off.) WOMAN I yearn, too, to reach beyond myself . . . MAN For what? WOMAN For children! (They embrace and kiss.) WOMAN Look! (Points upward at the sun.) MAN That is a god. He was born of the waters of the mother. He shall die in darkness and be born again . . . WOMAN The ground underfoot . . . MAN That is our Mother: a goddess . . . WOMAN Yonder tree . . . MAN A god! WOMAN The waters there . . . [253] Prelude MAN A god or a demon . . . WOMAN Those apes . . . MAN Devils . . . WOMAN I am afraid: I am in torment. MAN We must learn to fight. We are encircled with enemies . . . (Darkness.) ALL-MOTHER Behold, a darker division has come into the world . . . A greater light . . . For Man has eaten of the Tree of Knowledge; He knows . . . And now he can never move in the half-sleep of the animal and the Earth . . . Never roll in the harmonious tides of Creation . . . For knowing, he can choose: He is the hand I awaited, he is the light . . . He can choose to slink back to me, and lose himself in sloth and abandon Or he can choose terrific new creation beyond himself . . . Away from the Mother is his commandment . . . He must go forth to the uncreated, to the unforseeable . . . Fire-hearted, fire-lashed, Forever away and away, the unsatisfied Wanderer! But lo! through him I reach to a new dawn of consciousness . . . He is flesh on the way toward godhood, On the way to my greater Self . . . [254] James Oppenheim (As darkness lifts, a draped fine figure of a man standing at front on right side . . . Clouds at rear, and on left and right: open space in center.) MAN The life of Man . . . Out of the darkness I rise in my generation, As the sun rises, Into the darkness I sink, As the sun sinks . . . But forth from the death spring children as the new sun rises. Behold, the march of the army of humanity: See the ages go by: moving by millions, between the sun and the moon, Out of vastness and into vastness, Impounded life ever pushing forth. The whip of the great god, Longing, drives them . . . Away! away! Away from the All-Mother, away from the sun, away from the Earth, Away from the beast, Away from all mothers . . . So age lifts up from age : so man mounts by climbing on his own shoulders . . . (A pageant of man starts over the stage from right to left. As they pass, he marks them.) From the ape, the savage . . . Driven from the beast, they make in their own image, Shadow-gods . . . This is their longing beyond themselves, shaped in dream-symbols . . . And following after, they rise into civilization . . . [255]Prelude The greater race passes: Egypt, following Osiris, born of longing, With sun-bright cities of the Nile and the wonder of Cleopatra, Drives on the wind, and vanishes . . . But now Zeus leads . . . Radiant from the dust, leaps Greece With golden clouds of gods, And Helen walks again . . . But the girls go down to the dust, and the heroes a re no more. Up rises the sun of Jupiter, Rome shines: And Ceasar's legions come from the conquest: But column on pillar falls, Earth devours the Empire, And the shouting hosts are hushed . . . Behold, from the East, the stream . . . Jehovah's children, the seed of Abraham, Come out of Asia, David singing, Isaiah thundering, And following them, the longing of humanity Shaped in a lowly god, young Jesus . . . Now under God, the Father, The Early Christians pray and fast and are persecuted . . . But they scatter the strange commandment: Save that ye be born again, ye shall surely die . . . Christ's Crusaders come . . . Steel-clad knights and shining kings going down to the Holy Land, Bright in the sun they shine, but their banners pass into death . . . [256] James Oppenheim Lo, then a new god born of man's longing . . . The god of all men in one, Democracy . . . France shouts from the dust, and flames in her Terror . . . The Tumbrils rumble by . . . The Eagles of Napoleon sink toward St. Helena . . . (The procession stops.) Now man's manhood begins: Gone are the childish gods, gone is the Mother Heaven, Mary is gone, and Mithra, and the Galilean: There is no god in the past when we long to run home to a haven: The new gods are the gods of the future, Ourselves grown greater . . . Yet, as of old, Spring's floods rush down the hills; The blue sea breaks: The sowers of seeds are swinging along bright furrows: The towers of tall cities taking the first gold of the morning sun, cry Dawn : The toilers bend to their tasks, Steam and lightning serve like genii under the hands of men: And the whole of the living world is as the flashing crest of the breaker bursting about us Risen from the ocean of the past: The sea that shall lift a new wave when ours has vanished . . . Who buried Atlantis And devoured Egypt? Into what jaws has Athens gone? [257] Prelude Galley-slave and Agamemnon, the great king, are shoveled under, And the girl that combed the hair of Helen is dust with her golden mistress . . . Cities of great pride, with their multitudes, Have gone down, And Spring, that called the boy Dante out into the streets of Florence, Silent when Beatrice walked, Opens wild roses in the ruins over the dead . . . The snow where Saga heroes fought Melted with those warriors, And the desert girls of Arabia are only a song and an echo in our brains . . . Who has kept a tally of the souls that have been on the seven continents? Who marked the nameless slave-boy in Rome, in the crowd hailing Ceasar home? Or some mother of Africa, fifteen thousand years ago, wailing because her child was blind? In what books are the records kept? In what divine index are listed the struggles of millions multiplied by millions? Ah, we are the wave into which this mounting sea has risen . . . The height of our curve measures the infinite impulse of those stopped hearts . . . The shine of our flashing waters retains the glow of their visions and their works. Gathered into immortality they circle and sing in us . . . In us, their Heaven, In us, their Hell, [258] James Oppenheim In us, who are they, breathing again and bargaining in streets of steel . . . Behold, from the doorways, The school children pour to the streets, the pavements golden with morning . . . The electric traction swings a town's millions to work . . . The lovers whisper across the miles in the telephone booths . . . The scientist tracks down a germ on his microscope's slide . . . The mills roar, puddling white iron, the great ships put to sea . . . Among the engines humanity yearns, and phantoms lure us, Gigantic with tools we weep as of old on our dead, And mammoth with power, we falter, crushed by a doubt . . . The same great war: the same great urge: the same birth and death . . . Are kisses sweeter than in Carthage? Is failure more bitter than on the hill of Gethsemene? Has death lost its sting since Rachel? Whither goes the pageantry and the vision-clouded army? Dust—flame: dust—flame . . . Out of a cry, silence . . . Out of silence, a cry . . . (Darkness.) ALL-MOTHER The Wanderer, Man . . . Through him I lift: through him I flame . . . He seeks the unfound: He longs for the unattainable . . . He searches for the Treasure . . . [259] The Music of New Russia By Leo Ornstein IT is amazing how similar in their conditions of ferment two such widely varied countries are, as America and Russia. In both of them we find an uncouth, inarticu-lated spirit, a naive and unleashed power that are extinct in the peoples of Western Europe. Of course, Russia is more closely allied to the European cultures, even as America has a greater kinship with European politics. And, in consequence, Russia's chances culturally have been greater than those of more isolated America. If, therefore, analogous conditions in both countries point to a great native art, it is natural that Russia should have begun to achieve more quickly. Musicians in America still seek to draw their inspiration from an established formula that has not only long been dormant, but is positively dead. However, in the eventual course of evolution the necessity for expressing the characteristics of the country will have become so strong that the idiom of expression will be formed subconsciously. Another element beside the proximity of the living European cultures which has hastened the florescence in Russia—the necessary formation of a native idiom—has been that the mixed races there have had a longer period in which to mellow and to mingle. In this country, the merging of the races has scarce begun. The varied peoples that today constitute America are still aggressively self-assertive, mutually repellant. They have not won the harmony of concerted impulse and unified action which [260] Leo Ornstein is the basis of any cultural expression. How perfectly this underlying unity has been achieved in Russia is shown by the music of Moussorgsky. The distinctive quality of the new impulse in art has been the need of expression through direct contact with the emotions—a rediscovery and restatement of man's experience. Art has torn itself from the admitted routines and honored idioms; it has come to realize the inadequacy of conceiving modern life according to the old and accepted formulae. The great liberating work of Moussorgsky in this direction makes him the founder of modern music. Russia is the one modern religious state; and Moussorgsky is her great high priest. There is a certain purity in his conceptions that overwhelms one with its simplicity. Sorrow shrouds those who, listening to his music, realize how simple life is after all; and how futile our complicated dogmas of modern civilization have become. To have conceived a simple truth is to have penetrated all the intricacies of the universe. This is the secret of the great art of Moussorgsky. How different is the modern German music! With the era of Wagner, music in Germany became the vehicle for an in-tellectualized conception. It left the profound domains of intuition and became merely another formula for the surface sophistications of Teutonic thought—of politics and metaphysics. It was as if the emotions were unimportant save as they could be translated into mental problems, into mechanical devices. An example of this is the Wagnerian Leitmotif, since rendered still more grossly arbitrary by Richard Strauss. This is surely one of the most erroneous and stagnant adaptations that has ever stultified the true impulse in music. Life is always creatively evolving, and the individual is evolving with it. To conceive of man as static against the rhythm of this evolution is to force an artificial yoke upon the creative impulse. Wagner defeats the possibility of a dynamic vision in [261] The Music of New Russia his work with this clever and superficial trick. By labelling the individual, regardless of that individual's growth, he manufactures a static photograph that is basically false. His variations, however brilliant, on this untrue conception, cannot save his art from the fixation which must eventually prove to be its death. I should except from this the Meistersaenger— undoubtedly Wagner's greatest work. Here, at least, he freed himself from his false intellectual toy, the Leitmotif; here he became humble before what impelled him. In Moussorgsky, we have once more the pure style of melody and harmony. The melodic line becomes once more a vehicle for direct expression, and for direct growth. I am convinced, on the other hand, that German music has had its day—at least for the present. Reger and Strauss and Schoen-berg have all shown themselves incapable of any new intuition and have, instead, worked out a virtuosic art that has, as its main source, the intellect. No thought, however impressive it may appear on the surface, can have any real permanent value, save as it springs from an emotional source. The intellect is given us only as a means of manifesting and materializing life; but never as creating it. Russia is the country in Europe most emotionally quickened to surrounding life. Russia undoubtedly is barbaric and savage in her intensity; but can any real art be produced without just some such elemental contact? For Russia, to mingle with another civilization would mean to become submerged. This truth is symbolized in the work of a man like Tschaikowsky who, although a Russian, was lost to Russia in consequence of his absorption in Western culture. As Dostoievsky pointed out, a Russian cannot live in Western Europe and survive. Overwhelmed and stifled by foreign codes, he becomes an imitator and eventually loses all self-realization. Tschaikowsky substituted for real emotion a theatrical and academic realism.   He created his heights [262] Leo Ornstein and climaxes of feeling by artificial means, quite as Beethoven did in his Pastorale, and as Puccini, in a lesser manner, does today. Probably this was due in part to his morbid nature—a nature that had been perverted from the deep current of reality. Tschaikowsky perceived his own sorrows as greater than the sorrows of the world. He submerged a real consciousness of life in his own grief. Any man who cannot master his own personal equation but who is mastered by it, must produce a harassed and stilted art. The difference between Tschaikowsky and the Germans of this period was simply that the Russian was the greater maniac. Out of his vaster power—however perverted—came the Pathétique. After Tschaikowsky, the false tradition was for a while in force. Rimsky-Korsakow, his pupil and disciple Glazounow, Rachmaninoff and others, while they are unquestionably brilliant craftsmen, failed to meet and plumb reality. German counterpoint was more important to them than their own Russian soil.  But at last came Igor Strawinsky. Here for once we have a man with indomitable courage, who creates as he perceives, without compromise with any previous standards. Strawinsky has penetrated deep into reality. He has brought to life a new gospel of nature. And his influence on music can scarcely be overestimated. His one shortcoming is perhaps that he tends to separate man from nature; that he takes too little interest in his brothers. No man has the right to become so sublime that he loses the human contact. Strawinsky has refused to find poetry in daily life. In this, perhaps, he lacks humility. The pulse of life runs everywhere; there is in everything a source of true spiritual sustenance. Strawinsky, when he discovers this, will have transcended his one limitation. But the impetus to rhythm which this composer has afforded is so great, that it overshadows any shortcomings we may detect in him. And [263] The Music of New Russia it must not be forgotten that Strawinsky is still young and growing. Rhythm had stagnated since the days of Mozart. Men like Wagner and Strauss merely took old established rhythms and wove them together into new manners. But Strawinsky actually creates his rhythms. They beat and throb with the beating of the modern pulse. And even in the great savage moments of his music, there is always the undercurrent of a religious pulsing that is humility indeed. To say that Strawinsky lacks melody is an outrage. Melody is not necessarily an accepted series of notes; but it is the lyric impulse in every musical composition. And sometimes by a few consecutive notes an infinitely greater sweep of melody can be suggested than by a completely elaborated theme. And therein lies the importance of Strawinsky. He takes great blocks of granite, moulds them, suggests the way, and then withdraws, leaving you to exercise your imagination. And after you have travelled the way with him, you realize that you have gained one more significant expression. Music has become too finished, too mechanically perfect. So little has been left to the imagination of the listener, that he is no longer required to create toward the artist. In all epochs of great musical art—the epoch of Bach, the epoch of César Franck, for instance—it was realized that the province of the art was not to instil a passive pleasure in the listener. Great music must wake in us a creative impulse. Unless it does that, it has failed to fulfill its destiny. [264]THE   SEVEN ARTS AN EXPRESSION OF ARTISTS FOR THE COMMUNITY James Oppenheim, Editor  Waldo Frank, Associate Editor Advisory Board Kahlil Gibran Robert Frost Louis Untermeyer Edna Kenton Van Wyck Brooks David Mannes Robert Edmond Jones DOUBTLESS much of high-spirited American youth to-day is seeking a new strength through draughts of Pessimism. It takes toughness of fibre to contemplate life as horror with Andreyev, as dark spiritual conflict with Ibsen and Strindberg, as contemptible and only-to-be-transcended with Nietzsche. Where the early Christian was heroic in maintaining that he had an immortal soul, youth today is heroic in renouncing immortality and all goals of perfection and peace, and in agreeing with a mechanistic science that human consciousness is a flicker in universal darkness, and yet a flicker that must be fought for and increased in spite of the fate of the individual. But in America this is truly a redoubtable spirit. Horace Traubel has given to his book of poems a title which might almost be the name of our country. That title is "Optimos." [265] The Seven Arts OPTIMOS is the land of large-scale life—of the vastest crops, the tallest skyscrapers, the largest railroad trackage, the heaviest tonnage, the most complete personal comfort. It is the land of Bigness. It is the land of Kindness. It is the nation wrought out of all nations. It is the land where women may rise to domination. It is preeminently the Children's Land, for nowhere else is the child given such freedom and regarded with so much respect. Tides of immigration sweep it: rivers pouring into our sea, and forever changing that sea and keeping it in unstable restless motion. Life has nowhere time to set: and our cities are like caravans moving in circles. Each new transportation line shifts the population: and the family seeks a new home every other year. This physical change and newness has its counterpart in the intellectual and spiritual realm, and Optimos is the land of experiments in government, education, industry and religion. Europe's latest thought finds a home here before the Continent has absorbed it. We become Bergsonians, Freudians, Nietzscheans overnight. We gave shelter to Meredith and to Jung before their own nations welcomed them. And what year passes without its New Movement, its New Religion? ADD to all this an exhaustless energy, a torrential Niagara of human power: the bursting speed and efficiency of Pittsburgh, the mighty roll of the tonnage of Chicago, the rush and toil of New York, the sense that the foreigner gets of high-tension and explosive speed. Physical isolation is broken down in every direction: even the remote farm opening into the community through the telephone, the tractor, the cheap automobile, the trolley, the postal service and the railroad. And on a certain intellectual and emotional plane there is the same intercommunication and maelstrom: the Associated Press, the cheap periodical, the [266] The Seven Arts phonograph and pianola, the distribution of books and reprints of art works, the universal primary education. Truly Optimos is the land of sensations and facts: full of change, movement, color, full of a bright newness and quite without the solidity and rootage in tradition and attitude of the elder nations. We are almost as used to the New as the European is used to the Old.  Change is the air we breathe. ADOLESCENCE is our period: adolescence when everything is possible, when the miracle of facts is the daily communion, when the mood turns from high to low and back again in passionate unreasonableness, when all is in flux and the next tide may destroy us. These are the days of high ambition, of unresting activity, of lack of self-knowledge, of brutal sport and animal spirits, of sudden sporadic attempts at nobility and transcendentalism, of the seesaw between the gross and the supernatural. These are the days too when the Hamlet-mood of doubt and distrust attacks us, and when all Hamlets—the sensitive noble youths —are paralyzed with inhibition, and bitterly question life. And so the Hamlets among us, or their more modern brothers, the Zarathustras, turn to Pessimism for something strong and abiding and absolute in this rainbow welter of optimism. They protest against the weary brightness, the dismal newness, the childish turmoil. And if they are artists they feel that there is nothing to seize upon in such a kaleidoscopic life, that there is no deep pool of quiet from which to draw the clear waters of inspiration, that there is no American type to delineate and no American tradition to give their art that "re-echo of the archaic" which is said to be the very stuff of song and literature. Heroically they tilt against the windmills and feel themselves alone, isolated, fragmentary, in a land which refuses to despair. They agree with the Russian who says, life is a horror, end it: or with the Scandinavian [267] The Seven Arts who says, man is to be pitied. They think cheaply of the American who looks at life's misery and futility and asks spiritedly, Well, what's to be done? YET... .yet! May not a new heroism be demanded of the American Zarathustra? Might we not say to him that it takes more real strength and superiority to swim the changeful sea than to walk the solid land? Is there not a real greatness to gain in adapting oneself to a life full of surprises and uncertainties, and all the hazards and risks of transiency? Is there not need here of creators, of "powerful persons" to seize and shape the welter, to project and carry through great tendencies, to deal with the different realms— whether of politics or education or art—in the spirit of true statesmanship? And have we not even a heroic compulsion here toward a sort of disillusioned optimism: an optimism based on the real fact of the limitless possibility of American life, but an optimism understood and utilized only as a creative spirit, a spirit which commands rather than obeys? NOR should the artist despair because he cannot tap a rich national past, because he has no ready-made American legendry and mythology, no echoing words and colors out of dim and distant epochs. He has the dream of the future, the life flowing vividly and rankly around him, and he has as great a past to tap as a German or an Italian. For he is not American in the sense that Indians are American: he is a European, and he is a son of the Earth. He has only really to go to himself, to descend the inner stairway of the ages, to go down layer beneath layer of his human nature, to tap the stored heritage of the life of man. What he draws forth and projects may not have certain colors in it which are part of the enchantment of European art, but nevertheless it will carry possibly a new enchantment—the old and univer- [268] The Seven Arts sal tipped and sharpened with a new edge of life: the life of a colossally energetic and future-working nation—America. If there are times when authentic American work wearies us and drives us overseas, there are other times when we are drawn back home to the freshness and difference, the sharp tang and courage, the native flavor of our own men, our own days, our own art. J. O. [269] The Splinter of Ice By Van Wyck Brooks Ce n'est pas les tenèbres, c'est seulement l'absence du jour. I. WHEN the idea of The Seven Arts first became known and it was said that we were to have a new magazine to focus the new movement in our literature, many people, I think, whose hope and faith are wrapped up in the artistic future of America, experienced a shock of delight and expectation. They felt that a propitious moment had come, that multitudinous forces were pressing together toward this one point, and that in short an enterprise of this kind, inaugurated at this time and with these aims, had every chance of succeeding that wind and wave could offer it; and yet, the first flush over, they must to a degree temper their confidence, as they recall how many are the lights that have misled our dawn. Without consciousness of the failures of the past, their enthusiasm cannot build on a real basis. In any other country than America one's instinctive impulse to welcome what is new would not have been so immediately checked. For the newness of new movements in Europe, the enterprise of enterprises, are the very elements that most excite enthusiasm. And very naturally; for new movements, new schools of thought, new magazines have on such countless occasions proved to be points of departure in the intellectual life of society. Think of the European maga- [270] Van Wyck Brooks zines, think of the European groups and brotherhoods that have been inaugurated on lines approximating those of The Seven Arts or that have come together in a spirit similar to the spirit that actuates the contributors to The Seven Arts! To name them is almost to tell the story of English, French, German, Russian literature during the last hundred years. Where literature has a tradition, where it is bound up with society, where society is itself an organism, a new movement, in order to get on its feet at all, has to overcome the inertia of the established fact; and thus by the time it has reached the point of articulation it has been fined and rarified, it has passed through a pre-natal process of maturation, and it emerges not only fully conscious of itself but saturated with the under-currents of the racial life. How different it is in America! Our society has never been an organism and in consequence our social history presents none of the phenomena of development. For a hundred and fifty years we have been called, and have called ourselves, a "young" people, and we are just as "young" now as we were in the days of Washington. Youth is our convention as age is the convention of other countries, and it is the newness of new things and the enterprise of enterprises that have ever been the hallmarks of this convention. That is why they cannot thrill us now. The history of our literature alone would be enough to explain our disillusionment, for it chronicles an endless succession of impulses that have spent themselves without being able to grapple, or to be grappled by, the soul of the race. If you read those of the historians who are ignorant of what literature has meant in the life of other peoples, you will be surprised to find that our literature has gone through all the motions of a complete historic evolution—although not perhaps in the right order. We have had our age of chronicles (Cotton Mather), our classical age (Benjamin Franklin), our [271] The Splinter of Ice Sturm und Drang (Brockden Brown), our Renaissance (in New England), and at last, though sadly transposed from a chronological point of view, our Homer (Walt Whitman). All of these epithets can be found in one or another of the histories turned out by our industrious professors; and at the end of it all we feel that we have not yet, artistically speaking, begun to exist. It is not difficult to see why this is so; the very use of these epithets explains it. That our Homer came at the end instead of at the beginning of what is called our standard literature, that he rings down the curtain in all the orthodox histories, illustrates as clearly as anything could that our standard literature in the mass was created out of whole cloth and that it had an integrity as distinct from the multifarious chaotic life of the American people as the crust of a pie has from the less decorative contents it serves to conceal. Consequently none of the sincere and repeated innovations of American writers have been able to incorporate themslves in a tradition. Evolving from their studies in European literature not only an artistic technique but a technique of social expression, they have never been able to find in our society a fulcrum upon which to base the lever they hold in their hands. Priceless talents have passed across our horizon, fluttering into sight only to flutter out again. To name only the classic examples : there was Poe, whose work, thanks to the law that to him that hath shall be given, has enriched the literature of Europe only to leave ours the more barren by contrast. There were the Transcendentalists, apostles of the first "Newness" whose aim it was to dethrone the dollar, minds many of them at least of the second or third order that lost their edge in the fogs of their own bewilderment. There were Emerson and Thoreau, who have found their true literary fruition not among their own countrypeople but in Nietzsche and Maeterlinck and the nature-writers of England. [272] Van Wyck Brooks And there is Whitman, our own authentic Whitman, who, for one poet that he has leavened in America, has leavened three poets, three novelists, three thinkers in the Old World. And if our superior talents have in this way been lost in the quicksand of our life, what shall we say of our lesser talents? The former have sown their seed in alien soil, the latter have sown no seed whatever, although England has found room amid her fertile acres even for Ambrose Bierce and Stephen Crane. First steps, in short, have been taken, times without number. The spirit of initiative has never been wanting; but it has never been able to initiate anything permanent, it has never been able to set the ball rolling. The American mind revolves round and round in a sphere as it were miraculously proof against the attacks and incursions of experience, as if, like the hero of Hans Andersen's story, it had a splinter of ice buried in the midst of it, a splinter of ice that literature has never been able to melt. II. It is a commonplace that immigration from without and migration within the Republic have prevented the formation of any structure in our society for literature to build a nest in. No sooner has the nucleus of a living culture begun to take shape than the tides of enterprise and material opportunity have swept away its foundations. But the point for us is that long before this material opportunity had fully revealed itself—in the great pioneering epoch of the nineteenth century—our society had spontaneously generated a frame of mind favorable to its pursuit, a frame of mind that the pursuit itself inevitably rendered chronic. For there is only one thing that retards the pursuit of material success; a sceptical attitude with regard to the importance of its attainment. And there is only one thing that can give birth to this sceptical attitude; a richly matured emotional experience that endows [273]The Splinter of Ice life with a value and a significance in and of itself. Certainly if our forbears had not previously undergone a systematic course of emotional starvation they could never have leaped forth, like famished hounds, at the call of the wilderness. Nor, having done so, and having found in adventure a substitute for all they had forgone, could they admit the value of anything that stood between them and the rewards of their sacrifice. The literature they knew, the literature they produced, corroborated them. Emerson told them that the arts and traditions of the past, the tragic discoveries of social man, were vapors in a world that knew no reality but the self-reliant individual. And Mark Twain, the innocent abroad, the Yankee at the court of King Arthur, established the pioneer mind once for all in the sentiment of its own sufficiency. They did not realize, those old prophets of self-reliant individualism, that it is one thing to be self-reliant as against an alien outworn culture and another thing to maintain that self-reliance in a world that possesses no culture at all but only an over-plus of "things." Full of the old Puritan contempt for human nature and the sensuous and imaginative experience that seasons it and gives it meaning, the American mind was gradually subdued to what it worked in. For possessing as it did a minimum of emotional equipment, it had no barriers to throw up against the overwhelming material forces that beleaguered it, and it gradually went out of itself as it were and assumed the values of its environment. This is the root of the peculiar optimism, the so-called systematic optimism, that can be fairly taken as what psychologists call the "total reaction upon life" of the American mind in our day. Mr. Horace Fletcher has defined this optimism in terms that leave no doubt of its being at once the effect and the cause of our spiritual impotence: "Optimism can be prescribed and applied as a medicine. Is there anything new and practical in this, or is it but a continuation of the endless dis- [274] Van Wyck Brooks cussion of the philosophy of life, morals, medicine, etc.? Is it something that a busy person may put into practice, take with him to his business, without interfering with his business, and profit by; and, finally, what does it cost? Does adoption of it involve discharging one's doctor-friend, displeasing one's pastor, alienating one's social companions, or shocking the sacred traditions that were dear to father and mother? It is ameliorative, preventive, and harmonizing; and also it is easy, agreeable, ever available, and altogether profitable. By these hall-marks of Truth we know that it is true." Grotesque as this may seem, you will search in vain for a more accurate presentation of the workaday point of view of our tumbling American world. This is the way Americans think, and what they think, whether they profess the religion of mind cure, uplift, sunshine, popular pragmatism, the gospel of advertising, or plain business; and they mean exactly what the beauty experts mean when they say, "Avoid strong emotions if you wish to retain a youthful complexion." Systematic optimism, in other words, effects a complete revaluation of values and enthrones truth upon a conception of animal success the prerequisite of which is a thorough-going denial and evasion of emotional experience. In this latter respect it resembles the systematic pessimism of India. For just as the pessimism of India is undoubtedly the chronic result of contact with a pitiless and monstrous tropical nature, an immemorial subjection to the jungle, to the burning sun, to famine, conditions in which in order to maintain one's equilibrium one's only course is to deny the value of everything the possession of which demands so impossible a price, so also this optimism of ours is the chronic result of contact with a prodigal nature too easily borne under by a too great excess of will, with opportunities so abundant and so alluring that we have been led to reverse the situation, traditionally unaware as we are of the mature faculties, the potentialities, the justifi- [275] The Splinter of Ice cations of human nature, and establish our scale of values in the incomparably rich material territory that surrounds us. Each of these conditions of life has resulted in its own peculiar mysticism; each of these types of mysticism is grounded in a chronic evasion of emotional experience. And if today there is no principle of integrity at work in any department of our life, if religion competes with advertising, art competes with trade, and trade gives itself out as philanthropy, if we present to the world at large the spectacle of a vast undifferentiated herd of good-humored animals, it is because we have passively surrendered our human values at the demand of circumstance. III. How then can our literature be anything but impotent? It is inevitably so, for it springs from a national mind that has been standardized in another sphere than that of experience. How true this is can be seen from almost any of its enunciations of principle, especially on the popular, that is to say the frankest, level. I open, for instance, one of our so-called better-class magazines and fall upon a character-sketch of William Gillette: "What a word! Forget! What a feat! What a faculty! Lucky the man who can himself forget. How gifted the one who can make others forget. It is the triumph of the art of William Gillette that in the magic of his spell an audience forgets." Opening another magazine I turn to a reported interview in which a well-known popular poet expatiates on his craft. "Modern life," he tells us, "is full of problems, complex and difficult, and the man who concentrates his mind on his problems all day doesn't want to concentrate it on tediously obscure poetry at night. The newspaper poets are forever preaching the sanest optimism, designed for the people who really need the influence of optimism—the breadwinners, the weary, the heavy-laden. That's the kind of poetry the people want, and the fact that they [276] Van Wyck Brooks want it shows that their hearts and heads are all right." Here are two typical pronouncements of the American mind, one on the art of acting, one on the art of poetry, and they unite in expressing a perfectly coherent doctrine. This doctrine is that the function of art is to turn aside the problems of life from the current of emotional experience and create in its audience a condition of cheerfulness that is not organically sprung from experience but added from the outside. It assumes, in short, what we in general assume, that experience is not the stuff of life but something essentially meaningless; and not merely meaningless but an obstruction which retards and complicates our real business of getting on in the world and getting up in the world, and which must therefore be ignored and forgotten and evaded and beaten down by every means in our power. What is true on the popular level is not less true on the level of serious literature, in spite of everything our conscientious artists have been able to do. Thirty years ago an acute foreign critic remarked, apropos of a novel by Mr. Howells, that our novelists seemed to regard the Civil War as an occurrence that separated lovers, not as something that ought normally to have colored men's whole thoughts on life. And it is true that if we did not know how much our literature has to be discounted we could hardly escape the impression, for all the documents which have come down to us, that our grandfathers really did pass through the war without undergoing the purgation of soul that is said to justify the workings of tragic mischance in human affairs. Mr. Howells has himself given us the Comédie humaine of our post-bellum society, Mr. Howells whose whole aim was to measure the human scope of that society and who certainly far less than any other novelist of his time falsified his vision of reality in the interests of mere story-telling. Well, we know what sort of society Mr. Howells pictured and how he pictured it. He [277] The Splinter of Ice has himself explicitly stated in connection with certain Russian novels that Americans in general do not undergo the varieties of experience that Russian fiction records, that "the more smiling aspects of life" are "the more American," and that in being true to our "well-to-do actualities" the American novelist does all that can be expected of him. In making this statement Mr. Howells virtually declared the bankruptcy of our literature. For in the name of the American people he denied the fundamental fact of artistic creation: that the reality of the artist's vision is something quite different from the apparent reality of the world about him. The great artist floats that reality on the sea of his own imagination and measures it not according to its own scale of values but according to the values that he has himself derived from his own descent into the abysses of life. The sketchiest, the most immature, the most trivial society is just as susceptible as any other of the most profound artistic reconstruction. All that is required is an artist capable of penetrating beneath it. The fact is that our writers are themselves victims of the universal taboo the ideal of material success has placed upon experience. It matters nothing that they themselves have no part or lot in this ideal, that they are men of the finest artistic conscience. In the first place, from their earliest childhood they are taught to repress everything that conflicts with the material welfare of their environment, in the second place their environment is itself so denatured, so stripped of everything that might nourish the imagination, that they do not so much mature at all as externalize themselves in a world of externalities. Unable to achieve a sufficiently active consciousness of themselves to return upon their environment and overthrow it and dissolve it and recreate it in the terms of a personal vision, they gradually come to accept it on its own terms. If Boston is their theme they become Bostonian; if it [278] Van Wyck Brooks is the Yukon they become "abysmal brutes;" if it is nature, nature itself becomes the hero of their work; and if it is machinery the machines themselves become vocal and express their natural contempt for a humanity that is incapable, either morally or artistically, of putting them in their place and keeping them there. Thus, for example, in Mr. Howells's "A Modern Instance," the whole tragedy is viewed not from the angle of an experience that is wider and deeper, as the experience of a great novelist always is, than that of any character the novelist's imagination is able to conceive, but from the angle of Ben Halleck, the best that Boston has to offer. Boston passes judgment and Mr. Howells concurs; and you close the book feeling that you have seen life not through the eyes of a free personality but of a certain social convention, at a certain epoch, in a certain place. It is exactly the same, to ignore a thousand incidental distinctions, in the work of Jack London. Between the superman of certain European writers and Jack London's superman there is all the difference that separates an ideal achieved in the mind of the writer and a fact accepted from the world outside him; all the difference, in short, that separates the truth of art from the appearance of life. If these two talents, perhaps the freshest and most original our indigenous fiction has known since Hawthorne's day, have thus been absorbed in an atmosphere which no one has ever been able to condense, is it remarkable that the rank and file have slipped and fallen, that they have never learned to stand upright and possess themselves? Is it remarkable that they sell themselves out at the first bid, that they dress out their souls in the ready-made clothes the world offers them? So great is the deficiency of personal impulse in America, so overwhelming the demand laid upon Americans to serve ulterior and impersonal ends, that it is as if the springs of spiritual action had altogether evaporated. Launched in a [279] The Splinter of Ice society where individuals and their faculties appear only to pass away, almost wholly apart from and without acting upon one another, our writers find themselves enveloped in an impalpable atmosphere that acts as a perpetual dissolvent to the whole field of reality both within and without themselves, an atmosphere that invades every sphere of life and takes its discount from everything that they can do, an atmosphere that prevents the formation of oases of reality in the universal chaos. Is it remarkable that they take refuge in the abstract, the non-human, the impersonal, in the "bigness" of the phenomenal world, in the surface values of "local color," and in the "social conscience," which enables them to do so much good by writing badly that they come to think of artistic truth itself as an enemy of progress? This is the tale of our past and of the present our past has made for us. We know now that all the fresh enthusiasm in the world cannot produce an American literature. To create that our writers have to create the life that literature springs from; they have to create a respect for experience, a profound sense both in thir audience and in themselves of the significance and value of just those things of which literature is the expression. Will they be able to do this? Yes. That is our categorical imperative. [280] Our Day (Aspects of Johannes V. Jensen) By Paul Rosenfeld THERE is a moment when for the first time we truly see the light of the world. It is when there comes over us, in all its naturalness, the beauty of our own day. At that moment only do we commence living. Before, we have been sunk into ourselves, riveted to the past in each of us that will not let us free. We have been unable to lay hold on the world, to employ to the full our energy, to create life anew. The vision of the beauty of our own time comes with the power of liberation. It is as if the very sluices of our being opened. For we have glimpsed in what hitherto seemed a hostile, malevolent unreality, the blood-brother of our dreams, the likeness of ourselves. We are set free to create, to be created. There is scarcely a boon more to be desired than the vision of the proportions of the world in which we live. There is scarcely anything more necessary. That vision comes to us in the works of the Danish author, Johannes V. Jensen. Not that other writers have not attempted similar revelations. What sets Jensen apart from H. G. Wells and the many others is the quality of a profound artistry. For Jensen is pre-eminently an artist. The strength and freshness of his genius, the deep richness and nervousness of his style, the boldness and originality of his ideas, place him among the dominant literary figures of the hour. There is another trait that sets him above the rest of those who have taken it upon themselves to interpret our day to us. Jensen's [281] Our Day ideas are not the result of an intellectual process. They came to him as experiences. In them breathes all the warmth of a profound vitality. The manner in which he came by them recalls nothing so much as the story of Faust's salvation as Goethe tells it. Jensen, too, had his Gothic laboratory; turned with loathing from culture coupled with ignorance of reality. In the late nineties, fresh from the university, he was scribbling dime novels and literary reviews in Copenhagen. And there came over him a hatred of himself, of his world, the world "for which he was neither bad enough nor vulgar enough." "Sick with the northern sickness, an incurable longing," he wandered forth, and tramped and shipped about the globe. Once he mentions an unhappy love affair as the cause of his uprooting. In all probability, it was the growing-pain of reality, coming to him as weariness of an over-refined and impotent society. Half humorously, with the touch of Heinelike irony that is ever present in him, he tells us: "I was nervous, quivering like a delirious man. The pity of it all was that alcoholism hadn't made me so. Drink, at least, quiets you. The trouble with me was that I was inactively self-conscious, conscious of myself in every nerve, the victim of an unbridled imagination." And for years, Jensen wandered over the globe, disappearing and ducking up again in Seville, in China, in the Malay archipelago, in Chicago. Where Jensen actually went, is of secondary importance. Of primary, is the fact that his pilgrimage made Jensen anew. It is as if the age had entered into him and transformed him in its proper image. It was Whitman who first announced the coming of a race of men for whom no past existed, whose dreams were drawn to no sunken ages, who were whole-heartedly alive and whole-heartedly a part of their own time. Such a one is Jensen. And so it is given him to reveal to his day its grand proportions. He does more than reassure us that it has proportions of [282]Paul Rosenfeld its own. He comes to tell us that we are living in a Renaissance. For Jensen, all great ages have sought either to turn human energy from the world, or to restore it fully to it. Characteristic of the first direction were the Christianizing centuries. The Renaissance, the Reformation, the French Revolution, on the other hand, sought to bring human energy back to the battles of reality. But they were unsuccessful. The impulse of the Humanistic revival went into the heaping up of erudition for its own sake, and ended as philology in the library. The Reformation substituted one bond for another. The Revolution attempted to transform human beings into ideas. Not so our day. It alone has succeeded in ridding itself of all the theories and conceptions that divert man from his earthly existence. It alone has come again to the consciousness, so characteristic of the youth of the race, of the self-sufficiency of existence, the supreme importance of life itself. The stream of the libido has returned from theories, from hopes of extra-mundane heavens, to the one reality, the struggle with nature. And so, with the re-employment of man's force in the outer world, the dreams that have been humanity's since the cave-man in his cave dreamt of flying, have begun to be realized. Other ages had dreamt, too, of power over nature, of defiance of natural laws. They had been content to find satisfaction in myths, in realizing their wishes as gods. Ours has begun to turn the stuff of dreams into actuality. The imagination of man has returned from the cloud confines. The new man, fixed on the living of life, on the realization of his dreams on earth, has appeared. The world is young once more. And Jensen tells us, how while gazing out over Paris, he pitied Nietzsche, who had lived into himself, instead of out into a world that was far better than he. Jensen's book of essays "The New World," tells us how that vision came to him.   It was while he was at the Paris [283] Our Day World's Fair, before the machinery exhibited there. In the machines, he saw that man's imagination and strength, instead of wandering off in theories and systems, had returned to the world as energy. In them, he saw the type of the new beauty that was coming to be, the beauty that follows strength, and results from an economy of means based on practicality. And that beauty he finds in all human creations made for use, in steamships and locomotives, in bridges and steel constructed buildings. Nay, he tells us that steel-construction is the natural classic style, since it combines greatest strength with greatest economy. He tells us that the architecture of America, the skyscrapers, the grain-elevators, the collieries, embody the essential architectural style, and will one day be considered beautiful. For Jensen, Memphis, Tennessee, is far lovelier than the ruins of Egyptian Memphis. It is in America, in the teeming American cities, that he finds nature in the glory of her energy. He loves our crudity, the lushness and extravagance of our life. "What stories of mythological wonders," he cries, "can compare with the narration of the life that goes on in America today?" He tells us of the romance of our existence, of the poetry of our big business, of the young sound strength of it all. He wants no better story of magic than the rebuilding of San Francisco after the earthquake. For in America, nature has the strength to make life anew. If "The New World" is Jensen's most brilliant book, "The Glacier" and its sequel "The Ship," are his best. In them, his genius has most fully, most permanently, realized itself. Every generation of men produces a few works of art that symbolize for future ages its Weltanschauung, its aspiration, its self-justification. Such a work, in our own day, is Andreyev's "Life of Man." Such a work is Jensen's double masterpiece. It is one of the actual accomplishments of our time.   Into it has gone something of the struggle of our own [284] Paul Rosenfeld day, its break with the dicta of past ages, its faith in work as the revealer of life. Into it has gone the glorification of the virtues cardinal to our own day—energy, strength, courage, self-expression. Waxing throughout Jensen's eighteen odd volumes, his poetic vision at last wholly realizes itself in those two books. The earlier Jensen, the man one visualizes as a surface of n-th power sensitivity, registering with delicacy and precision whatever of sight and sound and smell presented itself, is still here. He is still the writer who can transfer, brilliantly, economically, unmatchably, a landscape, a city, colorful and exotic nature, to the printed page. Only, he has become a deep romantic poet, who expresses himself in a form that unites a science based on the most recent Freudian contributions to anthropology with all the lyric wonder of the old myths.  He has produced a perfect piece of work. Jensen calls his story a "myth," the "Myth of the First Man." It is the fable of the birth of Jensen's own Gothic race, in prehistoric times, when the glacier came down over Scandinavia and overwhelmed the tropical forest that once flourished there. But in this fable, Jensen has symbolized the life of every man who, breaking with the past in him, returns to the giant realities, and is created anew out of his very struggle with nature for livelihood. Dreng, the hero of "The Glacier," is the first anarchist. Driven from his tribe, which is flying south before hardship and winter, he turns north and combats the cold. In the bitter struggle, he adapts himself to the needs of existence. Human will is born. Human will is victor. Dreng maintains his life. He learns to make fire. On an island in the midst of the glacier, he rears sons and daughters. And, one night, in his cave, the First Man dreams. First, he seems swimming through a tropical sea, rising toward the steaming shore. Then, he is in a mighty city. It is Chicago, alive with noise and machinery and the brilliance of the combat for existence. And last, Dreng dreams of a [285] Our Day forest of living trees, rocks of bone, an earth of breathing flesh. Over it floats "the sign of eternal resurgence." And, looking eagerly ahead into the land where his wife has preceded him, the First Man dies. "The Ship" sings in accents differing little from those of the old Norse ballads, the day of a race that had the power to destroy life and create it new again. It is the story of the Danes who conquered Normandy and England, and gave the world an impulse that, after many centuries, comes to life again in the hard-headed practicality of America. Again, the story is but a symbol for the life of our time. One episode might stand as the epitome of Jensen's thought. A band of famished lads in search of food have broken into a Norse temple. "For a moment they stood rooted. In the glow of their torches, the Gods, misshapen figures, covered with crusts of dried blood, seemed to step out of the blackness and stand staring at them. For an instant, the young marauders trembled. It was so silent here. The dread Gods seemed to gaze at them from all parts of their forms. But at last Ger-mund came to himself. Shaking the sparks from his torch, he stepped forward, and boldly said 'Is there any corn hidden here?'" So Jensen sees our day. In the picture he has made of it for us lies his genius. One has to go far to find another writer so dynamic. From him there radiates an energy, a freshness, an encouragement otherwheres almost unmatchable. One cannot read Jensen statically. The stimulus is too powerful. The lust of life, the love of the hour, is infectious. There comes over us, too, the desire to live, to feel, to do, to betake ourselves into the world of reality, and learn for ourselves the glory of creation. So beautifully has Johannes V. Jensen told us of the day that awaits us. [286] The Twilight of the Acrobat By Marsden Hartley WHERE is our once charming acrobat—our minstrel of muscular music? What has become of these groups of fascinating people gotten up in silk and spangle? Who may the evil genius be who has taken them and their fascinating art from our stage, who the ogre of taste that has dispensed with them and their charm? How seldom it is in these times that one encounters them, as formerly when they were so much the charming part of our lighter entertainment. What are they doing since popular and fickle notions have removed them from our midst? It is two years since I have seen the American stage. I used to say to myself in other countries, at least America is the home of real variety and the real lover of the acrobat. But I hear no one saying much for him these days, and for his charming type of art. What has become of them all, the graceful little lady of the slack wire, those charming and lovely figures that undulate upon the air by means of the simple trapeze, those fascinating ensembles and all the various types of melodic muscular virtuosity? We have been given much, of late, of that virtuosity of foot and leg which is usually called dancing; and that is excellent among us here, quite the contribution of the American, so singularly the product of this special physique. Sometimes I think there are no other dancers but Americans. It used to be so delightful a diversion watching our acrobat and his [287] The Twilight of the Acrobat group with their strong and graceful bodies writhing with rhythmical certitude over a bar or upon a trapeze against a happily colored space. Now we get little more in the field of acrobatics beyond a varied buck and wing; everything seems tuxedoed for drawing room purposes. We get no more than a decent handspring or two, an over-elaborated form of split. It all seems to be over with our once so fashionable acrobat. There is no end of good stepping, as witness the Cohan Revue, a dancing team in Robinson Crusoe Jr., and "Archie and Bertie" (I think they call themselves). This in itself might be called the modern American school: the elongated and elastic gentleman who finds his co-operator among the thin ones of his race artistically speaking. I did not get to the circus this year, much to my regret; perhaps I would have found my lost genius there, among the animals disporting themselves in less charitable places. But we cannot follow the circus naturally, and these minstrel folk are disappearing rapidly. Variety seems quite to have given them up and replaced them with often very tiresome and mediocre acts of singing. How can one forget, for instance, the Famille Bouvier who used to appear regularly at the fêtes in the streets of Paris in the summer season, living all of them in a roving gipsy wagon as is the custom of these fête people. What a charming moment it was always to see the simple but well built Mlle. Jeanne of twenty-two pick up her stalwart and beautifully proportioned brother of nineteen, a strong, broad-shouldered, manly chap, and balance him on one hand upright in the air. It was a classic moment in the art of the acrobat, interesting to watch the father of them all training the fragile bodies of the younger boys and girls to the systematic movement of the business while the mother sat in the doorway of the caravan nursing the youngest at the breast, no doubt the perfect future acrobat. And how charming it was to look in at the doors of these little houses on wheels and [288] Marsden Hartley note the excellent domestic order of them, most always with a canary or a linnet at the curtained window and at least one cat or dog or maybe both. This type is the progenitor of our stage acrobat, it is the primitive stage of these old-time troubadours, and it is still prevalent in times of peace in France. The strong man gotten in tawdry pink tights and much worn black velvet with his very elaborate and drawn out speeches, in delicate French, concerning the marvels of his art and the long wait for the stipulated number of dix centimes pieces before his marvellous demonstration could begin. This is, so to say, the vagabond element of our type of entertainment, the wandering minstrel who keeps generation after generation to the art of his forefathers, this fine old art of the pavement and the open country road. But we look for our artist in vain these days, those groups whose one art is the exquisite rhythmical display of the human body, concerted muscular melody. We cannot find him on the street in the shade of a stately chestnut tree as once in Paris we found him at least twice a year, and we seek him in vain in our modern music hall. Is our acrobatic artist really gone to his aesthetic death; has he given his place permanently to the ever present singing lady who is always telling you who her modiste is, sings a sentimental song or two and then disappears; to the sleek little gentleman who dances off a moment or two to the tune of his doll-like partner whose voice is usually littler than his own? Perhaps our acrobat is still the delight of those more characteristic audiences of the road whose taste is less fickle, less blasé. This is so much the case with the arts in America—the fashions change with the season's end and there is never enough of novelty; dancing is already dying out, skating will not prevail for long among the idle; what shall we predict for our variety which is in its last stages of boredom for us? I suspect the so-called politeness of vaudeville of the elimi- [289] The Twilight of the Acrobat nation of our once revered acrobats. The circus notion has been replaced by the parlor entertainment notion. Who shall revive them for us who admire their simple and unpretentious art; why is there not someone among the designers with sufficient interest in this type of beauty to make attractive settings for them, so that we may be able to enjoy them at their best, which in the theater we have never quite been able to do—designs that will in some way add luster to an already bright and pleasing show of talents. I can see, for instance, a young and attractive girl bareback rider on a cantering white horse inscribing wondrous circles upon a stage exquisitely in harmony with herself and her white or black horse as the case might be; a rich cloth of gold backdrop carefully suffused with rose. There could be nothing handsomer, for example, than young and graceful trapezists swinging melodically in turquoise blue doublets against a fine peacock background or it might be a rich pale coral—all the artificial and spectacular ornament dispensed with. We are expected to get an exceptional thrill when some dull person appears before a worn velvet curtain to expatiate with inappropriate gesture upon a theme of Chopin or of Beethoven, ideas and attitudes that have nothing whatsoever to do with the musical intention; yet our acrobat whose expression is certainly as attractive, if not much more so generally, has always to perform amid fatigued settings of the worst sort against red velvet of the most depraved shade possible. We are tired of the elaborately costumed person whose charms are trivial and insignificant, we are well tired also of the ordinary gentleman dancer and of the songwriter, we are bored to extinction by the perfectly dull type of playlet which features some well known legitimate star for illegitimate reasons. Our plea is for the re-creation of variety into something more conducive to light pleasure for the eye, something more conducive to pleasing and stimulating enjoyment. [290] Marsden Hartley Perhaps the reinstatement of the acrobat, this revival of a really worthy kind of expression, would effect the change, relieve the monotony. The argument is not too trivial to present, since the spectator is that one for whom the diversion is provided. I hear cries all about from people who once were fond of theater and music hall that there is an inconceivable dullness pervading the stage; the habitual patron can no longer endure the offerings of the present time with a degree of pleasure, much less with ease. It has ceased to be what it once was, what its name implies. If the old school inclined toward the rough too much, then certainly the new inclines distressingly toward the refined—the stage that once was so full of knockabout is now so full of standstill; variety that was once a joy is now a bore. Just some uninteresting songs at the piano before a giddy drop is not enough these days; and there are too many of such. There is need of a greater activity for the eye. The return of the acrobat in a more modern dress would be the appropriate acquisition, for we still have appreciation for all those charming geometries of the trapeze, the bar, and the wire. It is to be hoped that these men will return to us, stimulating anew their delightful kind of poetry of the body and saving our variety performances from the prevailing plague of monotone. [291]The Wave By William Murrell HOW many are there who, having read Tolstoi's "What is Art?" have really understood him? In that book he sets forth the dogma that no art is good but that which has some moral allusion. Now, how are we to reconcile such an attitude with the life-work of Tolstoi himself? The book has been dismissed as the evidence of the crumbling of a once powerful brain. But look deeper,—bethink you how his whole life's endeavor was to come at some spiritual peace, how his every book was a personal experience, by means of which he mounted, step by step, to that height from which he could at last behold the much-desired Dawn. Is it any wonder—exhilarated by the vision, and by the purified air of his newly-gained freedom—that he deplored the long years spent in struggling to attain? and, thinking he could have won sooner by another path, denounced the very one by which he had ascended? . . . Then, too, there is cause to wonder whether this denial of the artistic highway as one leading to spiritual truth was not influenced by the consideration of the fate of such extremists as Wilde, in whom the eagerness for exquisite sensations became a disease; Nietzsche, in his brilliant disastrous attempt to create a Superman in his own mental image; and Van Gogh, in his equally unfortunate passion to paint the Sun. Tolstoi must have observed that these men, or their lesser Russian prototypes, were lacking in that sense of controlling rhythm, in that fine balance which is the sine qua non [292] William Murreil of all highest achievement;—a quality so wonderfully exemplified in a recently exhibited Chinese painting, a succession of mountains, ranged in individual yet rhythmic progression, the one behind and above the other, the sublimity of which fills one with ecstatic awe as the eye follows the ever-upward tending of the simply-varied design;—or in the somewhat similar emotion aroused by the playing of the "Liebestod" from "Tristan and Isolde," that wondrous thing which progresses with such power, such passion, reaches such stupendous heights,—and flows so reluctantly yet exquisitely down . . . But the mountain always has its other side; the wave its backward-sweep; and the "Liebestod" has its masterly, sane conclusion. That is their secret,—the reason why they live. And it is because Wilde, Nietzsche, and Van Gogh had, literally, no other side to their mountains that they fell into the waiting abyss. Yet who so rash as to condemn either the men or their methods? I feel that Tolstoi wished rather to stem the tide of wasted energy, as so much of this "Art for Art's sake" talk really is. But I myself think that the artistic route is perhaps the purest because, at bottom, it is the least selfishly concerned: for in striving for the impersonal, abstract beauty it somewhat unconsciously arrives at that large spiritual freedom which is the objective of all religious endeavor. [293] Vicarious Fiction By Waldo Frank OUR centers of civilization differ from those of Europe in this: that they are cities not so much of men and women as of buildings. The imperious structures that loom over us seem to blot us out. And if our life is vital, we win our knowledge of it rather in what oppresses us than in ourselves. Indeed, we have lavished our forces altogether on the immensities about us, turned our genius into steel and stone, and to these abdicated it. There is a chasm between the created thing and the creator; and everywhere we are the underling and the unformed. We find ourselves smaller than our buildings, and yet we know that until we are greater than the vastest of these, we shall be no true nation. The march of our struggle to win back our power is the American drama. To an astonishing degree, we have objectified our lives. And we have failed to hold within us the power to experience what we put forth. The results of this have been far-reaching. Not alone our buildings crush us: the laws that we so prodigally spin are shackles; the traditions which in our old homes were the ground beneath our feet, here weigh upon our heads. For all the splendor of our achievements, we have not approached that mastering consciousness which alone can make man greater than the parts of his existence. The old visions, focussed to old lights, that we brought with us, seem to have been unequal to the task of knitting our American welter of unrelated facts.   So, as the chaos cools [294] Waldo Frank and the specific groups congeal, we find ourselves inexorably set within them. Each of our little clusters of activity has become a world. And we are now where the process leads. We have become powerful in particular technics; we have studied the materials of living. But politics and trade and human law are not pivots of existence; and to exalt them so, is to lower ourselves; to become, like them, the creatures and symptoms of uncharted forces. If we stand today more submerged than ever in the American Fact, the reason is that all of us are clinging to some part of it that lies cluttered with the rest. We have the insufferable sense of a wide futility, of the want of sensitive reaction between ourselves and the whole. But we escape our chaos, not by steeping it with an inclusive vision, but by making ourselves comfortable in it. Our intellectuals are no exception. With a religious earnestness, they fix on whatever element in life is sweetest to their mental habit. They pore over the sentimental or the mechanical or the political man. They deny the existence of what moves beyond their radius and so wall themselves into a smug seclusion. So that today, the superb American opportunity is threatening to break into a wilderness of purposes, tangled, unfriendly, sterile; to shrink into a herd of little men, cowed by the unleashed grandeur of their forces. What we require is vision. Man is the culmination of the blind life that spews him up, only when he has felt that life, when it is fused into his consciousness. His power of vision is his power to experience; to make the boundaries of existence the boundaries of his spirit. Only insofar as he feels infinitude within himself is he a master. And all the elements of nature, all the materials of his hand are hard things indeed to make his own. Intuitively, man has felt this issue and realized that he must be forever re-creating life into a form that he can grasp, if he would not be submerged.  And one of [295] Vicarious Fiction the ways of his effort is religion; and the other way is art. By art, he lifts up the more hidden bases of existence and makes them his experience; he achieves that sense of unity and at-homeness with an exterior world which saves him from becoming a mere pathetic feature of it. In all ages, this conduit to mastery seems to have been open to mankind. It is not an intellectual thing. We make our own not what we think, but what we feel. And since through art, the essence and depth of being enters our senses and is absorbed by us, the scope of a people's mastery over life may be indeed the scope of a people's art. Moreover, there have been primitive races rich in these conduits to dominion, even as there have been others, deft and powerful in the mechanics of existence, yet helpless to control them. The tragic thing is that art also can lose itself in the surface complexities of a civilization; can end by becoming a mere expression of the materials from whose tyranny it rightfully should free us. This, in fact, is the situation that confronts America. And it is amply typified by the contemporary English Novel which today holds so large a place in the American mind. There is no mystery in the strategic power of the novel. The palette of the novelist is substantially the life around him. This he directs to the aesthetic end, quite as the painter handles pigment. An industrial world turns naturally to that art whose language is so near to its industrial pre-occupation. Moreover, it seems right enough that of all novels, those of contemporary England should appeal to the cultured reader of America. The one formed tradition of our past that has not altogether gone in the diffusion of many races, is the English. And all these novelists write competent, timely and engaging works in a language which is our own. We have no rivals for them here. But Americans are attracted to these writers not through [296] Waldo Frank their inspiration but because of the material that they employ. And they confound the two. At all times, the artist takes what is at hand. If he is a painter of the Renaissance, he will use the conventions and symbols of his Church. If he is a novelist of New York, he will depict the frangor of machinery, the strident unrest of man beneath the tyranny of men. These are his stuffs. But if his art is great, it will have its source in truths of which these are symptoms. If it fails in this, it is bad art: for it lacks the roots by which the vitality of life's source can reach us. And its influence is ill, for it comes to us lacking the sustenance that we require of it. In this light, consider H. G. Wells. Somewhere in "Tono-Bungay"—somewhere near the book's conclusion—Mr. Wells has his hero say: "I might have called this novel Waste." Now, the canvas of "Tono-Bungay" is a wide one. On it are flung (ostensibly) the color and line of modern enterprise: the passion of the struggle, the pathos of the victor. And at the end, Mr. Wells thinks that all of it is waste. The reason is not far to seek. Mr. Wells has one engrossing thought: to lay low the capitalistic state. His purpose is commendable. Most of us share it with him. Most of us would have agreed that "all of it was wrong." In fact, the true artist would have made this one hundredfold more clear, simply because he must have made his picture one hundredfold more true. The point is, that to no artist can life be waste however far, in its present symptoms, it fail of a specific economic doctrine. And the point is, farther, that with this attitude, no novelist can present life at all. Mr. Wells does not. If he can sensibly say that the thing he shows is waste, the reason is that this thing is not life but merely a certain surface, a certain result of living. It is this alone that occupies him. Nor do we quarrel with him, because of his concern with political mechanics. When Mr. Wells writes "New Worlds for Old," he is strong.   But his novel is an anaemic, superficial sem- [297] Vicarious Fiction blance, concocted mentally, of life. And it is this because it is altogether wanting in what marks off a work of art from the most compelling tract. It is the same with his other novels. As a work of art, "Mr. Polly" is a feeble thing; its method and color are plainly acquired from Dickens. We rush unchallenged through mild pages of genre-work; and then betimes Mr. Wells strikes to his true occupation and holds us with a paragraph quoted from some enlightened economist in London, and put there to illumine that external and unfortunately necessary thing, his story. The idea of "Mr. Polly" is not impregnate in his book; the conclusions forced on us are not the integral results of Mr. Polly's life. On the one hand is the weak creative gesture; on the other is the acute political theory. The consequence is an unfused novel, warped from the meager composition it does possess by the thrust-in of quite excellent political doctrine. And without these isolated paragraphs from the economist of London, no educated person would have bothered twice about the book. The later novels sin still more flagrantly, since with an unflagging journalistic instinct, Mr. Wells has increased his canvas. As politics bellied out and burst in the World War, so "The Research Magnificent" transcribes the globe—and "Mr. Britling Sees It Through." This last novel leaves one amazed at how maturity has puddled the fine early style of Mr. Wells. If, in this book, one gropes through three hundred pages of journalistic writing that sound like a hasty handbook clipped together from a thousand daily columns, one arrives at last at the one thing Mr. Wells was interested in, from the beginning. This thing has been the subject of many serious volumes: Lowes Dickinson's "The European Anarchy," Romain Rolland's "Audessus de la Mêlée," Walter Lippmann's "The Stakes of Diplomacy" among them. One wonders why Mr. Wells felt himself constrained to brush [298] Waldo Frank through so much tiresome depiction of the humanities, before he allowed himself his thesis. For in the process, he has maimed his material and missed his goal. The splendid subject of the state of England turns, in his hands, to impedimenta. And his political faith falls down, simply because he has pivoted it, not on an honest mental base, but on a falsely motivated novel. "The Research Magnificent" is even a worse hybrid. It holds several striking pictures—a mob in China, warfare in the Balkans. But its grasp of source and impulse is really on a level with that of a cinema like "Intolerance," where, with a like good purpose of pursuing an idea, five continents and thirty centuries are flashed before us. The same grandiose externality, the same blindness to the deeper dimensions of life stamp and shrivel these two works. In the films a false ethical view, in the novel a splendid political passion, excuses the panorama. But in both there is the same untrue divorce between idea and material which is the unfailing mark of falsity in art. Now, it is plain not alone that novels may include the political factor, but that great novels are unlikely to escape it. Rabelais and Cervantes summed up scholasticism and the Feudal Age, foretold the sweep of individualism, projected a whole vast human epoch. Similarly Stendhal called his "Le Rouge et le Noir," which appeared in 1830, a chronicle of the Nineteenth Century; and in a way so deeply prophetic was this true, that France herself was not aware of the grandeur of the book until the century was done. In his book, Stendhal traced the bitter aftermath of individualism, its rise and fall, told the tragedy of post-Napoleonic France, and furnished an undying commentary, a hundred years at least before the fact, for socialism. But the political factor in the works of these great artists sprang—like politics itself—from a deeper source. Their need was to create life in a sensory mold.   And such a formulation of the complete human im- [299] Vicarious Fiction pulse may well include the political in art, as indeed it must, in life. But all this is totally removed from Mr. Wells who starts not with the intuitive need of creation, but with the intellectual program of discussion; who begins with the end-symptom where art may incidentally leave off. Mr. Wells in his books is like ourselves in life. He has failed to impregnate his materials with his ideas. He flounders through his works and ends adrift, because his impulse is not channeled from a source beneath the confusion of his senses, but is itself a symptom of that confusion. Consider another of our favorites: Arnold Bennett, who, also, is a force thrown out by the industrial hysteria of Great Britain. Mr. Bennett would seem the antithesis of an uprooted aesthete like George Moore, but this deep quality unites them: that they have both discovered the realists of France. Mr. Bennett has read these masters carefully. And he has observed that their outstanding character is a profound devotion to details. Mr. Bennett thinks he can "do" detail, himself. He finds plenty of it—and finds it master—in his own "Five Towns." His one error is in his understanding of why detail abounds in the novels of his patterns: and of what he should have done with his own crop of it, at home. It is impossible here to trace the genesis of French realism: to show how thoroughly it expressed the post-revolutionary search for consciousness, and the revolt from the sort of search that the Encyclopedia set up. France, in her recurrent bewilderments—the intellectual mechanism of Voltaire, the accession of the bourgeoisie, the body-blow of Prussia— needed an Inventory. While England was still mulling over Dickens, the art of France passed on to an evaluation of what that Inventory gave her: to impressionism, and in the novel to such masters of it as Charles-Louis Philippe and Anatole France, André Gide and Jules Romains. But the point is, that the accumulations of genre notings in Balzac, the Gon- [300]Waldo Frank court brothers, Flaubert and Zola were simply fuel for their inspiration. Details occupied their novels because their impulse toward orientation had need of them; because their spirit required material, as a furnace requires coal. If the Comédie humaine narrates more details than any other work, the reason is the consuming vastness of the spirit of Balzac. They are the means by which the need of light in Balzac could burst to flame. The details in Balzac are incandescent. The details in Mr. Bennett are sodden. In the case of the one, creation glows through his pages and transfigures them. In the case of the other, the detail is everything. It serves nothing. It proclaims itself master in his books, as it is master in his world.  It lacks the interstices of light.  . . . With John Galsworthy, however, we have a direct artist, one in whose better work the aesthetic impulse is unrefractedly at play. But if we look deep enough, we find that here also, the creative need is weak. Mr. Galsworthy is inspired by the malady of his own senses, by the fragility of his own sinew rather than by the lush urge of a race spirit coursing through him. Often, he reaches into pleading and propaganda—as in his plays: we find him sinning the sin of the school of Mr. Bennett, reliance on unquickened incident, emphasis on massed detail. But when Mr. Galsworthy is most authentic, he lapses into an extended and exotic dirge that gives him quite away: he dwells on the withering of lopped-off social limbs, the iridescent whirlings of secluded problems. His spirit is a gorgeous, past-nourished flower, uprooted and athirst and rotting with the fair glow of putrefaction. At bottom, these men are one—and supplement each other. They fail to cut below the upper levels of life. And in consequence, their readers cannot win from them the vision which profound experience affords. Mr. Galsworthy weaves from his helplessness an expression that is at least sincere. The others escape theirs, by ponderous and specific study of [301] Vicarious Fiction the chaos that has overwhelmed them—by an obsession with the mechanics and details of existence. All of them create not out of strength, but weakness. Indeed, it would look ill for the English Novel, were it not for two men who stand out clearly as exceptions. D. H. Lawrence, author of "Sons and Lovers" and J. D. Beresford suggest at last the vital rebirth of an art which in England has been largely given over since the Eighteenth Century to un-quickened spirits. In the novels of Mr. Beresford, a superb sense of the present moves with a pregnant racial restlessness. We feel in him that England is once more to be strong. But while Mr. Lawrence and Mr. Beresford indubitably point to a potential England, they do not primarily concern us here: for they are practically without influence in our country. . . . America needs, above all things, spiritual adventure. It needs to be absorbed in a vital and virile art. It needs to be lifted above the harry of details, to be loosed from the fixity of results. And it is devoted to an art whose chief attribute is abdication of what it most requires. We are bound to England by our childhood, by our traditions and habits. We are bound to England by our weaknesses. And we glean from our alliance chiefly the weaknesses of England. Their reflected form of art we choose to reflect once more. Their momentary surrender to the chaos of new industrial conditions, we gladly lean on and make to justify our own. The artists of England who are here most in vogue are precisely those artists who have begged their own spiritual question. The truth is that we shun the artists who would force us to face ourselves, who might inspire us to work upon ourselves. It is easy at any rate to read about the troubles of other countries; to make remote lands suffer and vicariously solve, to the exclusion of our own reality.   Devoted as we are to the con- [302] Waldo Frank sideration of surface parts of our dilemma, we find great joy in books that repeat the tendency. Our spiritual lack makes us read, as theirs makes these authors write. We go to them, since they flatter our weakness, and save our effort. We go to them because, spiritually and geographically, they are remote enough not to prick our bubbles. It would be experience to read Theodore Dreiser; it is only the witnessing of a gladiatorial combat to read Mr. Wells. Similarly, we ignore Walt Whitman. For Whitman offers no help in the mechanics of existence. His political ideas are inadequate to our immediate problem. And this lack in our greatest poet is the touchstone of his disfavor. We have a consuming fondness for the pat and special seer—be he political or scientific. We cannot forgive the man who would drag us into grips with the entire, uneasy problem. Our sickness is the kind that resists cure: our symptoms are the sort that crave encouragement. The naive find their opiate in the magazines; the more sophisticated find theirs in the contemporary English Novel. A smaller group, more highly sensitized, achieve their mood of righteousness by reading of reality as it exists in Russia. But all alike, we seek the comfort of the Limit, the ease of what is at once specific and remote. We weaken our receptivity for a provocative and a dynamic art. . . . [303] A Reply By Walter Lippmann JAMES OPPENHEIM says there is a strong young modern stalking the earth and trying to abolish fairy-tales, symbols, Utopias, scientific concepts, and the dreams of mankind. I have read almost all that this strong young modern has written, and never did he write such nonsense. He knows, for example, that men will dream and have fantasies, and that no one can stop them. He knows that human thought is a texture of symbolism, and that great myths crystallize the energy of social life. In short he also has read some of the works of Dr. Jung. What this strong young modern was discussing when James Oppenheim fell upon him was not whether children love fairy-tales or whether crowds follow Billy Sunday, but the fact that recent thought when it is vigorous means the use of fantasy to explore reality and follow its pace. Surely it is beside the point to say that unredeemed utopia-making is a fact among the other facts. Of course it is. Does James Oppenheim suppose this modern fellow would let himself in for the exploded error of the nineteenth century materialists who argued that because people believed something that was untrue, their belief had no significance? That fairy-tales or social myths serve life and may even enhance it is too obvious to be worth discussing. Misunderstanding aside, it appears that James Oppenheim is himself one of these strong young moderns. He too is trying to see through the myth to the want from which it arises. And because he is trying to do this he too has lost his innocence. With cold sophistication he proposes to feed fairy-tales and myths to the world because he thinks the world needs them. But he takes good care to insist that he knows that a myth is a myth. He too has eaten of the fruit that grows on the tree of knowledge, and he too is lost to the romantics. I don't see why James Oppenheim should accept the Machiavellian principle that mankind is foolish and must be led by lies. For a myth consciously fed to a people is a lie, and James Oppenheim's notion that people are too weak to endure reality is a poor gospel to preach. All the bloody exploitation of the world exists because of these lies dressed up as fantasies, lies about [304] Walter Lippmann property, about sex, about honor, about loyalty, about patriotism. The youth of Europe is being devastated because the people of Europe are fed on large symbols and great myths. The price is so terrible that we dare not countenance for a moment any complacency with it, and complacency is what James Oppenheim's argument comes down to. Our business is to tear down this mighty structure of words, these imperial will-o'-the wisps, these Union League romances about property and protection by a relentless effort to confront them always with the sharpest report of reality we can make. That report will include, of course, a study of the impulses which make the myths, and a constant wariness of our own tendency to self-deception. I cannot believe that James Oppenheim and The Seven Arts magazine intend to scoff at this task. Surely they are not going to range themselves with those who say tut, tut, mankind is foolish, let it dream and suffer. [Note: This reply speaks for itself. That our strong young modern has to draw the conclusion he does, shows clearly that he is capable of seeing only that half of the proposition which he thinks is the whole. J. O.] [305] CENSORSHIP IN AMERICA ITS CAUSES AND ITS CURE By THEODORE DREISER An authoritative paper on this subject will appear in the February Issue. Mr. Dreiser is the author, among other monumental works, of "The 'Genius'" which has recently been suppressed. He has brought his issue to the courts and this article will be a part of the fight he is waging in the name of all who hope for the intellectual integrity of America. ANNA PARMLY PARET  LITERARY AGENT 291 FIFTH AVENUE. NEW YORK After many years of editorial experience with Harper Brothers, Miss Paret offers to criticise, revise, and place manuscripts for writers. Terms sent on application. TWO  NEW  BOOKS  OF POETRY Vie de Bordeaux By Pitts Sanborn A volume of poems in English. Boards, $1. Mr. Sanborn, the musical critic of the New York Globe, has interpreted the soul of old Bordeaux in the hour of war. The sorrow, the terror, the cruel wastage of war are everywhere present; but the author has painted a panorama far removed from the front. Nine Poems from a Valetudinarium By Donald Evans Boards, $1. Donald Evans, the arch-attitudinist, the maker of glittering and feverishly adroit phrases has suddenly become grave and simple. For the first time this sardonic singer writes in a mood of supreme reverence. NICHOLAS   L. BROWN The House of Books 1720 Chestnut Street, Philadelphia THREE THOMAS BIRD MOSHER BOOKS Ten O'Clock - - - - - - - Whistler, J. A. McNeill A rare lecture in a limited edition.   450 copies, Italian handmade paper, old style boards. Ten Spiritual Designs.......Edward Calvert "May twilight calm and peace of holiness From Caboat's solemn vision fall on you." Earthwork Out of Tuscany......Maurice Hewlett The only complete edition of the first, the rarest, and the finest book written by a young man of genius. "At the outset I only wanted to make a few beautiful books." THOMAS BIRD MOSHER Portland, Me. I should be glad to receive more detailed information of these books, and to receive your catalogue of special and miscellaneous editions. Signed..................................................................... Address .................. A Remarkable Novel of the Day THE UNWELCOME MAN WALDO FRANK A story typical of what happens to the spiritual side of the ordinary man in the present conditions of society; a wonderful portrayal of the soul of a boy. 371 pages $1.50 net At Your Bookshop Publisher* LITTLE, BROWN and CO. Boston Three Interesting Booksby Horace Holley "Read-Aloud" Plays Nine one-act plays in a new manner. MITCHELL KENNERLY $1.00 NEW YORK Bahaism: The Modern Social Religion "A work which may influence to no small degree the trend of religious reform'.'— Christian Commonwealth, London MITCHELL KENNERLY $2.00 NEW YORK SIDGWICK and JACKSON S s. LONDON The Social Principle An illuminating study of society as the inter-relation of six different spiritual types.  Where  one man's mind leaves off, another's mind begins." LAURENCE J. GOMME £.75 NEW YORK The New James Oppenheim Book WAR ? AND LAUGHTER Songs of the new America—the America of outdoors, of cities, of the struggle after greater vision and higher nationality : and also songs of individual conflict, love and seeking. " It is a philosophy which has its roots in the Earth and its flower in the air of eternity......' War and Laughter' will tend to confirm the impression made by 'Songs for the New Age'."—Bos/on Transcript. "He is at the forefront—neither sincere emulation nor tricky imitation has sufficed as yet to dislodge him from his coign of vantage."—Phi/a. North American. THE CENTURY CO.,353 Fourth Ave.,NEW YORK POVERTY AND RICHES By SCOTT NEARING, Ph.D., Dean of the College of Arts and Sciences, Toledo Univer-sity. Scott Nearing tells why the rich are getting richer and the poor poorer. He argues that there is no justice in the present distribution of wealth, and he points out a new régime which he claims will abolish poverty. Dr. Nearing presents an arrav of facts pod arguments which are worthy of attention and are sure to arouse interest and sympathy. 293 pages.   Cloth.   $1.00 net. THE CRY FOR JUSTICE. An Anthology of the Literature of Social Pro-test. This is one of the most interesting books ever published. The Review of Reviews says, "It is a new world's history, and a vision of hope for the world's future." The Chicago Evening Post calls it "the book of the year." It is a Gospel of the new hope of the race. 950 pages.   Illustrated.   Cloth.   $2.00 net. THE FACTORIES And Other Poems By MARGARET WIDDEMER Contains the widely quoted poem of "The Factories," and many other notable poems which mark Miss Widdemer's gift of spontaneous and haunting music.   128 pages. Cloth. $1.00 net. Go into any bookstore and see these booksi or let us send you, free, full descriptive circulars and our book catalogue. THE JOHN C. WINSTON COMPANY 125 Winston BIdg., Philadelphia Arlington Galleries Modern Paintings EXAMPLES OF THE HUDSON RIVER SCHOOL ALWAYS ON VIEW EXHIBITIONS EVERY FORTNIGHT DURING THE SEASON SUSAN RICKERS KNOX AND GROUP JANUARY 1st to 14th 1917 Portraits by ELINOR M. BARNARD of LONDON JANUARY 15th to 27th 1917 Two Seventy-four Madison Avenue Between 39th and 40th Streets New York Distinctive Furniture Rugs, Interior Decorations for Homes and Offices Modern and Period Designs direct from manufacturer / J to you at practically wholesale prices.An appointment will render you that service so much desired by discriminating people. C. E. SCHAFFNER 132 Madison Avenue, at 31st Street NEW YORK CITY Telephone:   Madison   Square   6 290 Suspended Judgements Essays on Books and Sensations By John Cowper Powys Author of Visions and Revisions, Rodmoor and Wood and Stone T N this latest collection of essays by the brilliant English lecturer there is even more of the dramatic quality of his spoken word than appeared in Visions and Revisions, a book which won for him the title of ' Master Essayist". Powys is brilliant and profound. His vivid impressionism flashing on the surface of the human thought of all time has the quality of penetration as well, and is continually revealing new aspects of the soul. Price $2.00 Net At your bookstore or direct from G Arnold Shaw Publisher New York Grand Central Terminal, New York THE DIAMOND Press, New York[pgbrk]