The Seven Arts 1.6 (1917-04) supplement , made THE Seven Arts American Independence and the War A Supplement with the April Issue American Independence and the War A MONTHLY MAGAZINE is not the best place for discussing political problems in days of rapid change; and surely a magazine devoted to that phase of nationality which is expressed by a nation's arts, would seem to overstep its function in such discussion. But we are face to face with so grave a crisis, that we can very well afford to forget the rules and dogmas we have laid down for ourselves; and remember only that a democracy has no one to do its thinking for it. It must think for itself. At a moment when a decision and a line of policy will determine a whole future epoch, it is necessary to press into service every organ of publicity, to mobilize, as it were, every medium of discussion. Action already outstrips our thinking: let us consider well then before that action becomes, first, a policy, second, a tradition, and third, the very spirit and structure of our nation. We have taken steps against Germany because of the submarine menace : and in so far as this is an accomplished fact, it becomes necessary for us to put the country on a warlike footing. To take steps against Germany is to invite war, and with the coming of war must be expected an increase of peril from other directions. It may be alarmist to consider seriously the German scheme to embroil us with Mexico and Japan, and the remote possibility of the defection of Russia from the Allied cause, with a realignment in which we should find ourselves exposed East and West. But if we are to be caught in this great conflict, we shall have to take the consequences of the shifting fortunes of the combatants. In short, we cannot expect to make a sortie, deliver a blow at Germany, and then safely retire to American shores. If nothing else happens, we are lucky —but not more than lucky. Preparedness then becomes a safeguard against such possibilities, and if we are strong in defense, we may be able to deal with the present problem with a larger measure of justice and wisdom. For the present predicament has elements in it more grave and more fraught with profound consequences than appear on the surface. It is not too much to say of these, that not only are our physical well-being and our fortunes staked on their handling, but our spiritual growth as well. A nation is nothing more than a collective personality, a multi-man, and [1] American Independence and the War its growth and development parallels the growth and development of the individual. There comes a time then when it must leave its childhood and its youth, and strike out alone, with a measure of autonomy and power, and with an achieved maturity. Nations in all stages of growth exist: old-age nations like China and India, childish nations like the South American Republics, mature powerful nations like England, Germany and France—and adolescent nations like the United States. What we are, we know now : the truth has been coming slowly home to us. We stand at the beginning of our own manhood. Nor need we comfort ourselves with the illusion that because we had grandiose ideals, and because we are kindly and peace-loving, and because we have allowed unhindered immigration and have set the slaves free, that therefore we are a land of destiny, and can sit idly by while some god-in-the-machine prepares our crown of power. A nation, like a man, may come to nothing. It is the fate of many precocious youngsters. And certainly in the sort of world we live in, we have yet done little to earn a high place. Even if we are carrying on a worthy experiment, the experiment of democracy, we are not necessarily carrying it on worthily; and if we stood in the van twice in our history, where do we stand now when it comes to personal development, as compared with England and France, and to social organization, when it comes to Germany? It is pertinent here to point out that our lack of great art is an index of our poverty of life, as well as of the prodigality of our possessions. We are like a sleek smooth-faced boy of nineteen, who is well-fed and has an easy job, and has the best intentions in the world (as well as an insufferable pride and an eye to profits), but who looks rather shabby when placed side by side with the mature manhood of France, or Germany, or England. The experience of life, which, fused into character, is what we call a man's soul—that is lacking. On the sort of nation we are, depends then whether we are to be great in society, in experience, in art, in personality. Or to put the question inversely, is the great intention to take on a measure of reality or not? We must clarify then why we are going into this conflict and what we are seeking to gain from it. President Wilson stated in his second inaugural that the conflict is a private affair between Germany and the United States over the submarine menace. The United States is going to protect its ships from attack; but in no way is this to be construed as a joining of our forces to those of the Entente. We are not, in other words, to become one of the Allies against the Central Powers. We are going to settle a dispute of our own with Germany, and when that is disposed [2] American Independence and the War of, our interest in the matter is ended. This seems plain enough, but it is not as simple as it appears. It has been pointed out cogently and clearly by varied parties, Anglo-Americans as well as German-Americans, that at no time have we taken an exclusively neutral stand in the war. We proclaimed neutrality, but this neutrality was in fact "differential"—a neutrality benevolent to the Entente. Both sides broke international law: but we have chosen to discriminate only against the Central Powers. The case is epitomized with remarkable clarity by The New Republic in its issue of February 17 : "All along the Germans have seen two great truths: first, that British command of the sea has become absolute, and has abolished the neutral rights which interfere with it; second, that America's policy has been to protest feebly and without effect against Britain while Germany has been held by threat of war from using the submarine fully to relieve the pressure. The Germans have pointed out quite accurately that the result of this policy has been to close the road to Germany and hold open the road to Britain and France. The German highway we have allowed the Allies to bar, the Allied highway we were ready to keep open at the risk of war. We have not merely been committed theoretically to selling munitions and supplies to any one who can come and fetch them. We have in fact permitted the Allies to cut off Germany, we have been in fact prepared for war to deliver munitions and foodstuffs to the Allies. Stripped of all its technicalities this is the issue, and the Germans have not been slow to recognize it. "A number of things have obscured the issue. The first and most spectacular is that no American lives have been lost by the action of the Allies, and consequently their illegalities have never seemed monstrous to most of us. Nevertheless inhumanity is not the real difference. No American lives would have been lost had we acquiesced in Germany's policy as we have in Britain's. American lives would almost certainly have been lost had we refused to agree to Great Britain's 'blockade' as we have to Germany's 'war-zone' decree. If Britain said we must put into a certain port we have put into it, if Britain said we must not use certain areas of the North Sea we have not used them, if Britain said we could do only a certain amount of trade with Holland, that is all the trade we have done. Nor is there any reason for regarding the submarine war as more deadly than the blockade of Germany. It is well to remember that the German people are suffering anguish as a result of it, that their children's vitality is being sapped, that there is an alarming increase of tuberculosis within the German Empire. The blockade and the submarine are both terrible weapons, and the blockade is the more effective of the two. In choosing between them we are not choosing between legality and illegality, nor even perhaps in the last analysis between cruelty and mercy." With this as a basis, the conclusion is inevitable, and The New Republic makes it, that if such was our neu- [3] American Independence and the War trality, just such will be our participation in the war. Of course, it is added that we shall go in, not fully— go in merely with ships, supplies and money for the Allies—for to go in fully would be to get entangled in the national schemes of the combatants, and first we shall have to have guarantees of a just settlement, and later a reform of English sea-power In the meantime, to pierce to the truth of the matter, our going in, if we yield to the pressure of such an attitude, means actually that we are entering the war on the side of England. Or, in other words, we are not to fight for the freedom of the seas, but for England's supremacy on the seas. The President then is obscuring the issue with his words, and Germany has some right in calling us hypocritical. Now why are we to help maintain the English sea-supremacy, and why, in this venture, must we help cripple Germany's effort to break that supremacy? Not only because we have already been doing so with our "benevolent neutrality," but also, as The New Republic says further, "A victory on the high seas would be a triumph of that class which aims to make Germany the leader of the East against the West, the leader ultimately of a German-Russian-Japanese coalition against the Atlantic world." In other words, we are to fight to maintain in the world the sort of civilization we are accustomed to, the sort that England has given us through her supremacy. We must in effect fight for the status quo before the war, for any other kind of world would not be inhabitable. Let us consider first this problem, before we proceed to examine the question of benevolent neutrality with its appendix, benevolent war. It is true that England has not only been the Mother of Parliaments but also the Mother of the World. A third of the Earth's territory is hers, so scattered and disposed, that she may very well feel that she has the planet under her wing. And wherever England has gone, her speech, her tradition, her law, her aspirations, have followed. On the whole, she has treated her children well, and spread liberal and humane thought throughout the world. And her children have felt their dependency upon her—their dependency for trade, and also for protection, in their weakness, against aggressive neighbors. This protection was in the form of a superb and supreme Navy. All this is admitted. But we must make a further admission. We look upon ourselves as a real nation; we have spoken much of our isolation and our independence. But there is a difference between physical and spiritual autonomy. The mere fact that a boy leaves his parent's house is not a sign that he has achieved his own independence: we know well enough those subtle and deep-lying ties of [4] American Independence and the War emotion and memory, of habit and sympathy, which may bind him in his familial bonds enough to condition his every thought and action. He has severed himself only physically from his childish tie to the parents. He goes among strangers, and betrays by everything he does as well as by everything he leaves undone, that he is still his mother's boy. Such in some ways is our position as a nation in relation to England. We have, it is true, attained a large measure of autonomy in dealing with internal problems; but internationally, as a nation among nations, a man among men, we are to a large extent dependent on the strong arm of England. But we are colonial in a deeper, a more insidious, way: all that part of our life, which for want of a better word, we must call spiritual, derives from the Mother Country. Through that hidden, uncut nexus come those emotions, those attitudes and prejudices, those habits of thought which betray us as provincials in everything we do and say. The Puritanism which obsesses us, the emotional repressions to which we subject ourselves, the externality of which we are so proud, the lack of authentic and native art, the masking of egoistic enterprise under the guise of beautiful moralities and fine-sounding ethics, our fear that what we do is incorrect, and at the same time our feeling of moral superiority over the rest of the world—all these are the mother in the son, England in us. Our serious writers slavishly follow the English models of style and theme, our serious thinkers take their thought from London. Do we not know, and have we not said again and again, that until we lean to our own soil, and humbly get down in our own dust, yes, until we go to our own selves to find ourselves, that not until then shall we be a nation and have a soul of our own? And how shall we do this until we cut the cord that binds us to our childhood—the cord with England? Born of England we must be reborn into ourselves. This may seem to some as an unimportant problem to intrude in a national crisis. But in this problem lies the crisis itself. We met one great test to free ourselves from England, and we did achieve a sort of physical freedom. But now an enemy lies not overseas but in ourselves. We must overcome that which is England in us. We have been fortunate, it now appears, in our immigration policy, for beyond a doubt our strength to break free has increased with the influx of Continental immigrants. They have leavened the English lump with other traditions and other bloods, and if for the time being, they have divided us against ourselves, in that very inner conflict lies the hope of our freedom. Out of this added blood has risen some of our most character- [5] American Independence and the War istic expression, with the promise of a genuine American art. For our dominant expression was New England, and the words themselves give away the case. New England was Old England transplanted, and weakened in the transplanting. Against it have appeared such figures as Walt Whitman, and the strongest of our younger men. Events have so converged now that we may choose to deepen our ties with the Mother Country, as the rest of the Colonies have done, or follow a course which will loosen these ties: which will, in the end, throw us more completely on ourselves. If we follow the first course we may help to maintain an English world, and go on for another epoch under the wing of England. It is, possibly, the safer and easier way. But if we follow the second course, the risk is great. It is, however, the sort of risk that any man must take if he is to be true to himself and wants to be strong enough to stand alone. However, we need not swallow whole the reactionary fears of our Colonials. It is quite probable that the war will end in a draw and that the realignment will bring either a League for Peace, or a combination, as Shaw suggests, of Germany, England, France, and America. At least this is the present outlook, and it is nothing less than Utopian and fantastic to take action on any other basis. However, even if events turned out otherwise, in spite of everything, it is well to remember some plain facts. If we are to live in a hostile world, we have means to make ourselves feared. It is true that we have gone unarmed because England was doubly armed, but why should we continue to be pacifist at England's expense? For if we are pacifist at England's expense, we know well enough that England will make us pay for it. Have we not the means and the men to make our country so strong in its defensive power that the offender may beware? With our splendid position, our two oceans, our self-sustaining continental soil, there is ample opportunity to meet any risks that may arise. But when a lad grows up he does not necessarily make ready for some melodramatic crisis that may emerge a decade or two later. He prepares in a more average way; and until this nation is faced with more fearful threats than those we are meeting, a wise middle policy is possible. We must now face the real problem that The New Republic poses— namely, that of "benevolent neutrality." Surely if we have been two-faced in our neutrality, if we have actually been one of the Allies while protesting that we favored neither side, and if, as a result, we are about to go to war with Germany for a wrong no greater than that which we have suffered at the hands of England, then it is time we dropped our [6] American Independence and the War hypocrisy, and came out clearly with our purpose. And if we are one of the Allies, then surely we ought to aid as thoroughly and wholeheartedly as, say, Canada has aided. We ought to send men, ships and money, and take steps to join the battle-line. In this light, to say that we are fighting separately, merely to get American ships through the war-zone, is to cloud our purpose and our action with hypocrisy. And, indeed, if we did merely fight for such a purpose, would we not convoy ships, not alone through the submarine barrier, but also through the barrier of the English blockade and see that we reached both sides with our cargoes? This is the dilemma. We are siding with the Allies, when our expressed intention is to protect American rights. We even use the phrase "armed neutrality." Now undoubtedly the contention of the President is that illegality might be condoned, but "frightfulness" is a crime which we must seek to punish—that there is no comparison between what England has done and what Germany has done—that we have in fact endeavored to remain neutral, that we have protested to both sides, and have only met Germany with resistance because Germany has physically attacked us. So far as trading is concerned, we have traded where we could, and when a German commerce submarine reached us, we received it with open welcome and sent back a cargo. Such arguments, however, fail to shatter the contention which is made by Germany, by German sympathizers here, and by Anglophiles no less. To repeat: "No American lives would have been lost had we acquiesced in Germany's policy as we have in Britain's. American lives would almost certainly have been lost had we refused to agree to Great Britain's 'blockade' as we have to Germany's 'war-zone' decree." This is certainly irrefutable, and hence the policy of our Government can only be approved by those who misunderstand it. To our Anglo-Americans it is hypocritical, and falls short of effective action; to our German-Americans it is only the latest breach in our declared neutrality ; and to those who really desire a new and greater America it offers no hope for the great aims we cherish. Hence, we are with our Colonials in so far as they demand that the issue be clarified and brought out honestly into the light. The American people must know, and know fully, why they are being swung out into the madness and suffering of this great war. And the world, no less, must know why we are appearing on the scene. We must begin then by disavowing that this is an action for America only; and by admitting, that what- [7] American Independence and the War ever the cause—whether profits in munitions, or genuine sympathy, or a drifting policy on the part of our government—we have on the whole been pro-Ally and anti-German. To admit this, however, does not automatically pledge us to a continuance of such a policy. In fact, President Wilson transcended this policy by a much greater one when he asked the combatants for a statement of peace terms, and declared that each nation was, in effect, fighting for the same cause, and that a peace without victory was the best way to end the war. This logically went hand in hand with his declaration in favor of a League for Peace after the war, wherein both sea-supremacy and land-supremacy would be laid aside, and all nations would, like our several states, pool their police power and so safeguard the world from such another catastrophe. These facts remain as much in force today as they did then. This is not a pro-Ally policy nor a pro-German policy: it is a world-policy, and one worthy of the greatest sacrifice and efforts. A victory of either side would be a genuine calamity. A victory of Germany would place Europe in jeopardy and in the end align a large part of the world against the United States. A victory of the Allies would maintain England in her supremacy of the sea, with the full danger of her present absolutism continuing. There is no doubt that we should have shown real greatness, had this larger policy resulted in our keeping out of the war; but the provocation was great, we were already in full swing toward action, and the pressure of events, added to the grave diplomatic stupidity of Germany, have been too much for us. It is quite human for us to be in it—perhaps, all too human. But if we are in it, we owe it to the great aim we have before us, to keep from being stampeded by the Colonials and our frenzied militarists from putting our whole weight on the side of the Allies. We must, above all, attempt to keep the action narrowed down: we must not add such strength to the Allies that Germany is crushed. If we can succeed in doing this, we shall be in a position later, at that time when both sides share equally the great longing for peace, to help to bring them together in the faith, on their part, that we care much more for a just peace than for the victory of either side. But we shall not succeed in this, unless we know from the start just what we are doing. We shall not succeed in this if we remain blind to our relationship with England and the fact that we have no great future unless we achieve a new independence of our Mother Country. With this steadily held before us, we shall be able to deal with this relationship, through making effective, in the end, [8] American Independence and the War our world-policy, and thus escape the grave peril of being bound faster than ever in the bonds that hold us. In this lies our chance of a new release, a new autonomy, and the coming of a greater national consciousness. But we shall show ourselves a flabby people indeed if we vent the white heat of this crisis only in this action and this attitude. There is a task for us, a task greater than mounting guns on our merchantmen. Do we not see now, in a sudden shock of realization, how helplessly we lie scattered before danger, and how inefficiently and blindly we stumble into the future? Are we not able to unmask our sentimentality—the good-natured dream of the pacifists who think they can handle life by evading it, and the equally kind phantasy of those who believe we are neutral— and remember our own history, recall that if we had faced a modern power in '61, our two years of amateur fighting would have undone us ? We are here, confronted by the harsh facts of a dangerous world, and by the discovery of our own weakness and childishness.   At this moment it so happens we are roused, an emotion of nationality raises us, a realization of ourselves is brought home to our hearts. But we know how swiftly our great moods pass and leave behind them little more than idle words and wishes. Let not this great hour go from us without its achievement in sound and sure action. Let us get ourselves ready, take stock, gather our resources and put ourselves under discipline. Let there be a preparation of our spirit and of our forces. Let us take measures to make ourselves for the first time thoroughly independent. America must begin a steady and slowly increasing mobilization in resource and in spirit, so that the day may come when we may go about our business assured that we need turn to no one when danger threatens us. If out of our crisis this emerges, then we have converted a spasmodic reaction into a lasting good, and transformed a mood into living national power. Out of our momentary plight there may be born then the much-heralded, the long-dreamed-of, America. [9] [pgbrk]