The Crisis The CRISIS Library April, 1921 APRIL 1 1921 FIFTEEN CENTS A COPY the Brownies' Book A Monthly Magazine for Children should have a hundred thousand subscribers and should be read by a million children who especially need its inspiring pictures, stories and news of colored youth. To introduce this magazine to many new readers we are launching a SPECIAL CIRCULATION CAMPAIGN and, in addition to regular liberal commissions to agents, we offer championship medals on the following terms and conditions: 100 Championship Medals So GOLD MEDALS 50 SILVER MEDALS To the person in each State or To the person in each State 01 Territory of the United States Territory of the United States who sends us the largest number of subscriptions to THE who sells the largest number of BROWNIES' BOOK mailed to copies of THE BROWNIES' or delivered at our office on or BOO K bought on or before July before July i, 1921 (provided the 1, 1921 (provided the number of highest is not less than 25 an nual subscriptions), we will send copies totals not less than 250), a beautiful Championship Gold we will send a beautiful Cham Medal, besides paying the usua' pionship Silver Medal, besides alagent's commission. The sub lowing the usual agent's com scription price is $1.50 a year. Foreign subscriptions $1.75 a mission. The sale price is 15c a year. copy. The contest is open to any man, woman, boy or girl. In case of a tie for any prize, each tieing contestant will receive a prize identical with that tied for. $50 Scholarship for Four Years To the person who makes the best showing in this Championship Contest a scholarship of Fifty Dollars a year for Four Years is offered by Mr. Thomas J. Calloway, a business man of the race, who is anxious to see THE BROWNIES' BOOK widely read and who desires to encourage the youth in industry and zeal. To win the scholarship it is necessary to win a gold or silver medal. The $50 a year will be paid to the school to which the winner goes for education. Write at once for agent's terms, subscription blanks, sample copies and current copies to sell. DU BOIS and DILL, Publishers the Brownies' Book West 13th Street New York, N. Y. THE CRISIS A RECORD OF THE DARKER RACES PUBLISHED MONTHLY AND COPYRIGHTED BY THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE, AT 70 FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK CITY. CON DUCTED BY W. E. BUROHARDT DU BOI8; JESSIE REDMON FAUSET, LITERARY EDITOR; AUGUSTUS GRANVILLE DILL, BUSINESS MANAGER. Vol. 21-No. 6 APRIL 1921 Whole No. 126 PICTURES p. ge COVER. Photograph by Battey. "BLACK SWAN!" Hilda Rue Wilkinson 257 MEN OF THE MONTH 265 DELEGATES OF THE NATIONAL CONGRESS OF BRITISH WEST AFRICA TO LONDON 269 ARTICLES INTER-RACIAL ACTIVITIES IN THE SOUTH 249 THE BLACK SWAN. A Story. Maria Moravsky 255 THE WOMAN'S PARTY AND THE VIOLATION OF THE 19TH AMENDMENT. Ella Rush Murray 259 WHITTIER AGAIN. Charles Eaton Burch 261 A HARBOR 262 DEPARTMENTS OPINION 245 NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE 251 MEN OF THE MONTH 264 THE LOOKING GLASS 266 THE HORIZON 271 THE MAY CRISIS The May CRISIS will have as its cover a reproduction of a rare, engraving of Le Chevalier de Saint-Georges, the great colored musician. There will also be an article on the same subject. Miss Moravsky's story will be concluded. FIFTEEN CENTS A COPY; ONE DOLLAR AND A HALF A YEAR FOREIGN SUBSCRIPTIONS TWENTY-FIVE CENTS EXTRA RENEWALS ; The date of expiration of each subscription is printed on the wrapper. When the subscription is due, a blue renewal blank is enclosed. CHANGE OF ADDRESS: The address of a subscriber can be changed as cften as desired. In ordering a change of address, both the old/ and the new address must be gi'.en. Two weeks' notice is required. MANUSCRIPT S and drawings relating to colored people are desired. They must be accompanied by return postage. If found unavailable they will be returned. Entered as second class matter November 2, 1SI0, at the post office at New York, New York, under the Act of March 3, 1879. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER National Training School DURHAM, NORTH CAROLINA A School for the Training of Colored Young Men and Women for Service Though it is young in history, the Institution feels a jnst pride in the work thus far accomplished, for its graduates are already filling many responsible positions, thus demonstrating the aim of the school to train men and women for useful citizenship. DEPARTMENTS ALREADY ESTABLISHED The Grammar School The Teachtr Training Department The Academy The Divinity School The School of Artt and Sciences The Commercial Department The Department of Music The Department of Home Economic! The Department of Social Service TERM OPENED SEPTEMBER 21, 1920 For farther information and Catalog, addreu President James E. Shepard, Durham, North Carolina STATE OF NEW JERSEY Manual Training &amp; Industrial School FOR COLORED YOUTH BORDENTOWN, N. J. A high institution for the training of colored youth. Excellent equipment, thorough instruction, wholesome surroundings. Academic training for all students. Courses in carpentry, agriculture and trades for boys. Including auto repairing. Courses in domestic science and domestic art for girls. A new trades building, thoroughly equipped. New girls' dormitory thoroughly and modcrnly equipped. Terms reasonable. Fall term opens September 15. 1921. For information address W. R. VALENTINE, Principal WILBERFORCE UNIVERSITY SUMMER SCHOOL 8th Annual Session. Summer of 1921 June 20 to July 30 The Summer School is accredited and standardized, and teachers' cer tificates will be issued by the state of Ohio on credits received in the Sum mer School. For full particulars write Gilbert II. Jones, Director of the Summer School Dr. John A. Gregg, President of the Institution LINCOLN UNIVERSITY Pioneer in Collegiate and Theological Education Lincoln Men are Leaders in the various professions in Forty States. The College is ranked in Class I. by the American Medical Association. Address: John B. Kendall, D.D., Lincoln University, Chester County, Penna. Cheyney Training School For* Teachers Cheyney, Pa. Made in 1920 an accredited State Normal School, ottering, in addition to the regular Normal Course of two years, professional three vear courses in Home Economics and Shop Work. A diploma from anv of these courses makes a craduate eligible to teach in the public schools of Pennsylvania. A three-year High School Course is offered to all who have completed the eighth grammar grade. Send application now for fall term opening September 20th, 1921. For further particulars and catalog, write LESLIE PINCKNET HILL. Principal. Cheyney, Pa. THERE WILL BE NO SUMMER SCHOOL FOR 1921 Mention T HI C IISIS. TH E CRISIS Atlanta University Is beautifully located in the City of Atlanta, Ga. The courses of study include High School, Normal School and College. Special emphasis is laid upon the training of teachers. Students come from all parts of the South, Graduates have a fine record for successful work. For further information address President Edward T. Ware Atlanta. Ga. KNOXVILLE COLLEGE Beautiful Situation. Healthful Location. Best Moral and Spiritual Environment. Splendid Intellectual Atmosphere. Noted for Honest and Thorough Work. Institution offers full courses in the following departments: College, Normal, High School, Grammar School, Domestic Science, Nurse Training and Industrial. Good water, steam heat, electric lights, natural drainage, splendid dormitories. Expenses very reasonable. Fall Term Begins September 14, 1921. For catalog1 and other information address PRESIDENT J. KELLY G IFF EN hnoxvllle, Icon. 1870 CLARK UNIVERSITY 1921 ATLANTA. GEORGIA Over 100 acres of beautiful campus. Twelve buildings with new $150,000 administration buikling with modern chapel, gymnasium and lahoramhes ready for use In September. Strong faculty—Keligi'&gt;us atmosphere—Athletics—Co-educational. Admission only by application. RE-ARRANGED COURSES OF STUDY Junior High School—7th and 8th Grades and 1st and 2nd Tears' High School Courses, with Certificate. Junior College—3rd and 4th Tear High School with Freshman and Sophomore years of College work, with Diploma College—Four years above High School, or two years above Junior College Course, with degree of A.B. Domestic Science—Commerce—Normal— pre-medlcal Course ^.Ird year of nine month* opens September 21. 1921 $150.00 per year pays tuition, board, room and laundry. HARRY ANDR EWS KING. President ADVERTISER MOREHOUSE COLLEGE (Formerly Atlanta Baptist College) ATLANTA, G A College, Academy, Divinity School An institution famous within recent year* for its emphasis on all sides of manly development—the only institution in the far South devoted solely to the education of Negro young men. Graduates given high ranking by greatest northern universities. Debating, Y. M. C. A., athletics, all live features. For information, address JOHN HOPE, President. FISK UNIVERSITY NASHVILLE, TENN. Founded 1866 Thorough Literary, Scientific, Educational, Musical and Social Science Courses. Pioneer in Negro music. Special study in Negro life. Ideal and sanitary buildings and grounds. Well-equipped Science building. Christian home life. High standard of independent manhood and womanhood. For literature, etc., write FAYETTE AVERY McKENZIE, President BIDDLE UNIVERSITY CHARLOTTE. N. C. Blddle Unlversltr, operated, ander the aajplce* of the Northern P—ibjtertan Church, baa four Departments—Hlg&gt;* Scnool, Arts and Science* Theological and Industrial. The completion of a Grammar School course Is the requirement for entrance to the first vear of the High School. The School of Arts end Science* offers two coarse* uf study, the Classical and the Scientific, in the scientific, German Is substituted for Greek or Latin. The entrance requirement for the Freshman Class la 16 units of High School work. The Theological Department offers two courses, each consisting of three years. Tbe first Is purely smguah. Greek and Hebrew are taught In the others. All students In tbe High School Dept. are regain*) to take trades in the Industrial Dept. For furthsr in form si ion. ndirtu Pr*ildent H. L. MeCrorty, Charlotte, N. C. The Florida Agricultural and Mechanical College Offers courses leading to certificates, diplomas and degrees. Nathan B. Young, President Tallahassee, Florida STATE UNIVERSITY, Louisville, Ky. Founded 1879. Tbe only Institution In tne SUM hiring for Its object Collegiate. Ministerial. Medical, and Legal training tor colored citizens In Kentucky. Special training In Insurance. Social Serrtce, Nursing and Normal! Sunmereiel. Music. Domestlo Science, Missionary trsinlns class. _ •nbSnJ classes, correspondence course. Deuces offered. Mention Morris Brown University Atlanta, Ga. Co-Educational The largest institution of learning in the South owned and controlled by Negroes. Faculty of specialists, trained in some of the best universities in the North and in the South. Noted for high standard of scholarship; industrial emphasis and positive Christian influence. Well equipped dormitories; sane athletics under faculty supervision. Expenses reasonable. Location central and healthful. Departments: Theology, College, High School, Nor. mal, Commercial, Musical, Domestic Science. Sewing, Printing and Tailoring. For further information address JOHN H. LEWIS, President BISHOP J. S. FLIPPER, Chairman Trustee Boe:d T HE CBISIB. President C. H. Parri.h 244 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Wiley University Marshall, Texas Recognized as a college of first class by  Texas, Louisiana, Arkansas and Oklahoma State Boards of Education. Harvard, Boston University, University ofIllinois and University of Chicago represented or. its faculty. One hundred Twenty-seven in College Department, sesion 1919-1920. Several new buildings, steam heated and electric lighted. Talladega College Talladega, Alabama Founded in 1867 for the Education of Negro Leaders Beautiful and Healthful Location.Literary, Scientific, Educational, Sohoma State Boards of Education. Social Service, Theological, Musical, Business Administration, Journalism, Nurse Training Courses.High Standards of Christian Mansion 1919-1920. Several new buildings, For further information address F. A. SUMNER, President M. W. DOGAN, President JUST THE PLACE FOR YOUR GIRL Daytona Normal and Industrial Institute for Negro Girls, Daytona, Fla. Beautiful location, ideal home life, fine, modern equipment Courses include Kindergarten, Primary, Grammar, High, Normal, Vocational. Nurse Training at McLeod Hospital a specialty. Terms reasonable. Send for Catalog. MARY McLEOD BETHUNE, • -Principal HALE INFIRMARY AND NURSE TRAINING SCHOOL, 325 Lake Street, Montgomery, Ala. Offers to High School graduates and young women of higher education and good moral character, between the ages of 18 and 36, a three years' course in the profession of nursing. For further information apply to the Superintendent enclosing a stamp. 30-DAY SYSTEM Positions Secured DERRICK BUSINESS SCHOOL The School of Results The Only One of Its Kind SHORTHAND TOUCH TYPEWRITING BOOK-KEEPING OFFICE TRAINING mr » We are now in OUR OWN NEW BUILDING. Spacious class rooms equipped with every modern office device. Derrick Students learn quickly and earn while they are learning. ENROLL IMMEDIATELY to insure Class Placement Comfortable Dormitories for Young Women Write for Catalog 14—Full information of Winter Term. 1514 PINE ST., PHILADELPHIA, PA. M. J. DERRICK, Priii. &amp; Mgr. Atlanta University Studies of the Negro Problems 20 Monographs Sold Separately Address ATLANTA UNIVERSITY CONFERENCE ATLANTA UNIVERSITY 11 ATLANTA, GA. Mention COLEMAN COLLEGE GIBSLAND, LA. Supported by Baptiit State Woman'! Home Mission Society of Chicago and Boston and A. B. H. Society of New York. Student! from lii different states. Graduates exempted on first grade by Louisiana, Arkansas and Oklahoma. O. L. COLEMAN, President ST. MARY'S SCHOOL An Episcopal boarding school for girls, under the direotion of the sisters of St. Mary. Address: THE SISTEB-IN-CHABGE, 6138 Germantown Avenue, Philadelphia, Pa. ST. PAUL'S HOUSE A TRAINING SCHOOL FOR BOYS High Christian Standard Address the Chaplain THE REV. WM. E. HENDRICKS 234 West Penn Street Germantown, Philadelphia, Pa. The Lincoln Hospital and Home TRAINING SCHOOL FOR NURSES in the city of New York offers to young colored women a three years' course of instruction in nursing. Capacity of hospital—420 beds. Post Graduate Course of six months to graduates of accredited schools. For information apply to: Superintendent of Nurses Lincoln Hospital and Home New York, N.Y. T HE CKISII. THE CRISIS Vol. 21. No. 6 APRIL, 1921 Whole No. 126 Opinion Ur&amp;b- DM ftoLp THE DRIVE IE are going to conduct a drive for two hundred and fifty thousand members. . With an unbroken front of a quarter of a million, we may carry on our efforts to secure full human rights for every colored man, woman and child. The work of preparation begins now. The plans for conducting this drive are in hand. When you remember the great accomplishments of the Association, with a comparatively small membership, you will realize what its possibilities will be when the drive has made it a quarter of a million strong. We are, therefore, furnishing important leaflets containing valuable information, which can be had at the National Office. It is said that when the enemy cries out, you may know that your fighting is effective. The National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, more than once in 1920, caused the oppressors of black people to cry out. Remember how the Republic of Haiti found new hope, and how its wrongs were revealed to the world by our Association. Remember how the Ku Klux Klan, hoping to rob you of opportunity, confesses its fear of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, and acknowledges that our organization is its strongest enemy. Remember how perturbed the Southern Senators were when our officers gave their telling testimony of election outrages in the South at the hearings before the Census Committee in Washington. Remember how the Association conducts its fight against lynchings; read the results already gained, and the promise of the victory of a Federal law against this great crime which disgraces America. Remember also the program for 1921, and face that program with the realization that the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, with efficient cooperation, can and will accomplish these tasks. That cooperation is expressed in three simple things: (a) Greater numbers in our membership (b) More funds (c) Closer organization. We must have greater numbers. A quarter of a million people, standing behind the Association as one, with united purpose and united will, constitute a force that cannot be ignored. The vital interests of every Ameri can, colored and white, are involved in the things for which we fight. Our aim then is a modest one when we seek to enlist for this cause a quarter of a million. We must have more funds to carry on our fight. More members will mean more strength and more money. It takes money, as well as zeal, to se cure what men call "rights". The Association is warring for that which is dearer than life—that we may have not only a larger share of liberty for ourselves, but full liberty and equal opportunity for colored children yet unborn. We must have closer organization— 245 24G THE CRISIS mass formation, the inter-lacing arteries running out from the main office to the most remote part of the organized body. We have planned a method in this drive which will bring this about, a method that can be made permanent for larger and more efficient work. This is our call to you,—a drive for a quarter of a million (250,000), that we may take up the big tasks that await us. Will you heed the call, and enter the drive with the will to succeed? Men and women of America, what is your answer? (Signed) ROBERT W. BAGNALL. A LETTER MRS. PAUL GASTON DARROT, National Board, Y. W. C. A. My Dear Madam: f HAVE your letter of January 22. I regret to say that I am leaving town for a few days but I shall be glad to have an interview with you any time after I return, February 6. Meantime I beg to say that no one realizes more than I do the difficulties before a national organization like the Young Women's Christian Association. I am aware that in the past they have done a great deal of very excellent work in the treatment of colored people and I am ready at all times to give such publicity as I can to their efforts. At the same time I must say frankly that I have been especially pained and disgusted at the official attitude toward Mrs. Talbert. Mrs. Talbert is, by reason of her presidency of the colored women's clubs, the foremost woman in America of Negro descent. She is a woman of unblemished character and of excellent presence. Apparently without any attempt to find out the truth concerning her standing and creditability your board took absolutely at its face value a report from Paris, which, to say the least, was neither complete nor frank, and made a public announcement which practically branded Mrs. Talbert as an ill-bred liar. When the board found that this first account was not true it sent out a second explanation which still pu the blame on Mrs. Talbert; and now in its third attempt to excuse the inexcusable it conies out with vague generalities and is • not yet frank enough to say that the Paris Y. W. C. A. did an unpardonable act and lied about it and that the Y. W. C. A. owe^ Mrs. Talbert an apology. We colored people would not be so resentful at this particular incident if we had not seen similar methods of procedure in dozens of cases during a hundred years. A colored person is insulted and resents the insult. Immediately, without any attempt to find out the exact truth, white apologists hasten to say, first, he was not insulted ; secondly, he was impudent; thirdly, his attitude represents the impossible demand of colored people who do not realize the difficulties of the race problem. As I have said, in literally hundreds of cases has this procedure been followed and usually no attempt is made to get at the original facts of the case. Granting freely that there are times when insults should be ignored or swallowed and that under some circumstances they must even-be expected, surely the Y. W. C. A. does not mean to suggest that always ana everywhere we must take the treatment that anybody chooses to give. Surely sometimes protest is a duty and always the truth is with knowing. By sheer accident in this case there happened to be a white woman whose word even your board apparently did not dare to dispute and who was willing to help us bring out the truth. No Negro is minimizing in the slightest degree the difficulties of racial contact nor is supposing that the OPINION 	247 Y. W. C. A. has super-human knowledge or power but we do assume that the Y. W. C. A. does not stand for deliberate and unnecessary insult of colored women of ability and breeding, and we have a right to expect that when unfortunately such an occurrence does take place, the one responsible for it should be punished and the proper apology made to the victim. I am wondering whether your board has either the Christianity or womanhood to do these things in this case. I	 am, Madam, Very respectfully yours, (Signed) W. E. B. DuBoiS. THE LIBERAL SOUTH THE white Executive Secretary of the Mississippi Welfare League, J. C. Wilson, writes thus to Moorfield Storey: The attitude of TH E CRISIS , which claims to be working in the interest of the Negro race to bring about better relations between the races in the United States, is, on the other hand, endeavoring to help the situation by using tactics which never bring peace, but war inevitably. And unless such radical papers change their attitudes and cease to abuse and defame the characters of the leading white people of the South who are earnestly and sincerely endeavoring to help the black man, the gulf will be widened between them. The attempt of DuBois to be sensational and vicious in his defamations is causing the Negro readers of his paper to hate white people more and more, and is unquestionably stirring the spirit of resentment in the minds of the white people. If this continues, it takes no prophet to predict the ultimate end. The terrible and bloody riot which occurred in Chicago last August was but a hint of what will occur. We are wondering why this man DuBois pursues this course. Is it possible that he hopes by such methods to increase the circulation of his paper and get for himself a certain kind of notoriety? Would he bring on war that would slaughter his race for personal gain? There are one of three things very evident: either DuBois does not know the spirit.of the white race, he is a fool, or is playing the game for loaves and fishes. Josiah Morse, of the University of South Carolina, and a moving spirit of the white Southern University Race Commission, writes to J. E. Spingarn: If DuBois is an element of moderation and self-control, then I need to begin all over again and learn the meaning of words. Of course everything is relative and dependent upon the viewpoint, but even then it is difficult to see how you can characterize him as you do. I think you should know that none of us here have any confidence in him; his influence, as we see it, is vicious and dangerous, and his connection with anything is sufficient to damn it forthwith. He sees red too much. The Negro who is going to be of service to his race must be able to look forward and backward an hundred years and maintain a philosophic poise and calm. Firebrands won't do; we'll extinguish them as often as we can. W e need peacemakers, not ministers of hate. I wonder if you know of the work which the Inter-racial Committee is doing throughout the South, upon which approximately $25,000 a month is being spent, and which has already accomplished many very gratifying results through the inter-racial committees that have been established in almost every county in every Southern State. Those of us who are giving the best we have to the cause of better race relationship feel that DuBois, more than any other person or influence, is counteracting our efforts. Similar statements have reached us from time to time from Bolton Smith, of Memphis, and other leading white Southerners. The	 answer to these gentlemen and all who think like them is clear: 'Whether Negroes, like the editor of THE CRISIS, are self-seeking scoundrels, or unconscious voices of a race ground-swell, or unselfish and farsighted patriots—in any case, the duty of the leaders of the white South is clear: Lead the colored people. Grant their legitimate demands. Show them that they need look neither to demagogues nor dreamers but to you for	 all that is vitally necessary to their best development. Get	 the confidence of black folk by deeds, not by promises or charity. Do not merely talk—DO! The demands of the mass of Ne groes are not radical—they are the irreducible minimum below which no modern group can drop and live: The	 right to vote The	 abolition of "Jim-Crow" travel Free compulsory public school edu cation 24S THE CRISIS The abolition of lynching and mob law. These are the demands of Negroes. They are the demands of every peasantry, every labor group, every race and nation in the civilized and semicivilized worlds. If the liberal white South secures these rights for black men and women, they will put every colored demagogue out of business; they will close the mouth of every agitator; they will gain the willing, eager support of every honest Negro patriot. Here is your chance, Gentlemen. Will you take it? THE SECOND PAN-AFRICAN CONGRESS ACCORDING to the decision made by the members of the Permanent Committee of the first Pan-African Congress, which was held in Paris February 19-21, 1919, a second Pan-African Congress is to meet in Paris during the first week in September, 1921. We are asked occasionally why the Congress should be held in Europe rather than in the United States. We would answer that question by calling the attention of our readers to the map below, which shows the relative distribution of the dark peoples of the world (indicated by the straight, black lines), and also the relative facility of means of transportation. It is very much easier for Africa, the West Indies, South America and the United States to get to Europe, than it is for all first three named to get to us. Also the well-known friendliness and cordiality of the French toward the Negro visitor is to be considered. TH E CRISIS will issue between now and September several bulletins on the Pan-African Congress. Send us the names of persons and organizations interested. THE NEGRO WORLD AND STEAMSHIP COMMUNICATION INTER-RACIAL ACTIVITIES IN THE SOUTH FROM the South come encouraging ac counts of the good being accomplished by various inter-racial groups and committees, whose special object it is to engender a better understanding between the two races as a basis for constructive work in the future. Reports made by Inter-Racial Committees of Louisiana and Kentucky and by the Woman's Inter-Racial Conferences held recently at Memphis, Tenn., open up possibilities, JJ W. W. Hadnott, of New Orleans, issued the following call for January 12, 1921, to representatives of colored committees established in connection with inter-racial work in the parishes of that state: Louisiana communities have awakened to the importance of assisting in the development of its group of colored citizens because the development of the community depends on the aggressiveness and civic pride of the entire community. The Negro is part of the community, but on account of existing conditions he is a community within a community, having a distinct life of his own apart from that of all other races. This life is not only a distinct life apart from the community life, but it has with the community life no effective point of contact. Its standards, methods, practices, purposes and achievements are generally unseen by the rest of the community. Policies, therefore, are formed, based on ignorance, sometimes mutual ignorance. Such policies naturally fail to fit conditions, so misunderstandings, conflicts and clashes are inevitable. Yet community progress depends upon the co-operation of the Negro with other progressive elements. If he does not co-operate the community suffers indirectly and he suffers directly. Recognizing these facts, inter-racial committees have been established in the parishes of this state so that these committees may handle problems peculiar to their own community. Progress has been somewhat slow mainly because of the failure to adopt a workable program. The idea, however, has taken a firm hold upon the people and all that is now necessary for the successful operation of the plan is the adoption of a definite program. This program will, of course, vary in accordance with the needs of the several communities, but there are certain fundamentals which may be used as a basis of operation. Every line of colored endeavor contributed to this conference, as a result of which a Findings Committee was appointed, consisting of S. S. Taylor, of Shreveport, La.; Dr. W. W. Ennis, of Crowley, La.; W. 0. Boston, of Lake Charles, La.; Joseph Smith, of Jennings, La., and J. S. Williams. This committee submitted a report which was unanimously adopted. Two typical ex amples of their findings are subjoined: The Negro laborer is an essential element in the industrial development of the South. Consequently, his welfare is as important to his employer as to himself. Just wages, absolute fairness in credit transactions and the elimination of any degree of brutality will decrease his discontent and will corre spondingly increase his efficiency. Many matters which appear separate and distinct evils turn out on close analysis to consist in the one evil of unenforced state laws. No court is true to the best tradi tions of Louisiana law if it is untrue to the ideals of justice involved in the application of that law where Negroes are concerned. Proper respect for the law, therefore, will insure to Negroes a fair trial. According to the law, lynching is murder, either in the first degree or in the second. Under the law, public carriers are not permitted to discriminate against any social group by forcing upon it accommodations inferior to those generally furnished. Under the law, respect for womanhood is correctly placed as one of the cornerstones of civilization, and no woman may receive injustice at the hands of a man whatever his race. This law should be impartially and rigidly en forced. Ill In Memphis the Woman's Inter-Racial Conference was held on October 6-7, 1920. The report of the Findings Committee fol lows in part: We, a company of southern white women, in conference assembled on the invitation of the Commission on Inter-Racial Co-operation, find ourselves with a deep sense of responsibility to the womanhood and childhood of the Negro race, and also with a great desire for a Christian settlement of the problems that overshadow the homes of both races. We recognize and deplore the fact that there is friction between the races, but we believe that this can largely be removed by the exercise of justice, consideration and sympathetic co-operation. We acknowledge our responsibility for the protection of the Negro women and girls in our homes and on the streets. We, therefore, recommend: That domestic service be classed as an occupation and coordinated with other world service in order that a better relation may 249 THE CRISIS be established for both employer and emIV ployee. We are pursuaded that the conservation of the life and health of Negro children is of the utmost importance to the community. That a survey of housing and sanitary conditions be made in the Negro sections in each local community, followed by an appeal to the proper authorities for improvements when needed. We are convinced that the establishment of a single standard of morals for men and women, both black and white, is necessary for the life and safety of a nation. We, therefore, pledge ourselves to strive to secure respect and protection for womanhood everywhere, regardless of race or color. Since provision for the education of Negro children is still inadequate, we recommend : That surveys be made of the educational situation in the local community in order that colored children may secure: (1) More equitable division of the school fund (2) Suitable school buildings and equipment (3) Longer school terms (4) Higher standards and increased pay for teachers. Since colored people frequently do not receive fair treatment on street cars, on railroads and in railway stations, and recognizing this as one of the chief causes of friction between the races we urge: That immediate steps be taken to provide for them adequate accommodations and courteous treatment at the hands of street car and railway officials. As women, we urge those who are charged with the administration of the law to prevent lynchings at any cost. We recommend: That our women everywhere raise their voices against all acts of violence to property and person, wherever and for whatever cause occurring. Since the public press often gives undue prominence to the criminal element among Negroes, and neglects the worthy and constructive efforts of law abiding Negro citizens, we pledge ourseves to co-operate with the men's committees in endeavoring to correct this injustice and to create a fair attitude to Negroes and Negro news. A hopeful feature of this conference was the opportunity afforded four colored women to speak of the needs of the Negro. Mrs. John D. Hammond, of the Southern Publicity Committee, writes us: The four colored women who spoke—Mrs. Washing-ton, Mrs. Moton, Mrs. Haynes and Mrs. Brown—made the meeting. Their talks were really wonderful, for frankness, for force and for the Spirit of Christ. They moved the white women to the depths; and in doing it gave them a new sense of their own short-comings and responsibilities, especially as regards domestic service and the Negro child. They had always meant to do right; but they hadn't taken some things in. James Bond, State Y. M. C. A. Secretary and Colored Work Director of Inter-Racial Work in Kentucky, sends us a report of definite accomplishments wrought by local Inter-Racial Committees in Kentucky. Of these we can publish only a few but we find them all stimulating and inspiring. He cites among others this instance of the efforts of local committees to secure the Negro legal justice: Several months ago the entire colored population was driven out of Corbin, Whitley County, Ky., because of a report freely circulated that a Negro had severely wounded a white man with a knife (but it later developed that a white man had done the cutting). The prosecuting attorney for that district is Judge J. B. Snyder, of Williamsburg, Ky. He was a delegate to our first State Inter-Racial Conference and is chairman of the Inter-Racial Committee ffor Whitley County. It was agreed in the meetings of this County Inter-Racial Committee that a strong effort should be made to secure the conviction and punishment of the mob that drove the colored people out of the town. Judge Snyder, as chairman of the Inter-Racial Committee, pledged his co-operation. As a result one white man, the ring leader, was given two years and is now serving that term in the penitentiary. Twenty-nine other white men are under indictment awaiting trial. Effort has already been made by the friends of this white man to secure a pardon for him from the Governor. This office has taken up this question with the proper authorities ari~d has assurance that in no case will a pardon be granted. Successful attempts have been made to secure adequate educational facilities: As a result of the Welfare Conference held in connection with the organization of the Inter-Racial Committee for Graves County and the activity of the Inter-Racial Committee, a new school house with four or five acres of ground about it has been secured for the colored people of Mayfield. Assisted by the Kentucky Negro Educational Association, the State Inter-Racial Committee has secured an arrangement by which the Negro high schools of the state are to be accredited. In Lexington and Richmond, Ky., local inter-Racial Committees assisted in securing the increase of the salaries of colored teachers. V The conferences held by these Inter-Racial Committees constitute the most forward and promising step which the South has yet taken. Black and white alike win a new perspective, and each race becomes more fully aware of its duties toward the other and to the community. Complete understanding of all the aspects of a problem may not do away with it but it certainly affords first aid toward its solution. National Association for the Advancement of Colored-People. DRIVE FOR A QUARTER OF A MILLION MEMBERS A Force That Cannot Be Ignored OURS is a high and worthy cause. We struggle for a noble end—"not only that we may have a larger share of liberty and greater opportunity for ourselves, but that colored children yet unborn may have full liberty and an equal chance in life." Does not that thought stir your blood and urge you to action? We are now preparing for a drive for 250,000 members of the N. A. A. C. P. With such a force, united by one purpose, we can make a mighty effort toward carrying out our responsibility to the coming generations. Now is the period of preparation, the training camp. On the organization now being brought together, on the education now being given—the entire drive depends. He who begins to prepare when the day of the battle is at hand is in a sorry plight. A FAVORITE method of hoodwinking The National Office has sent out minute instructions telling just how to organize for the drive. Has your branch followed them, choosing its Colonel, Majors, Captains and Lieutenants? If not, insist on its acting. We have sent out a full course of instructions in training the Drive Officers and workers. We have held 24 Regional Conferences in our main centers, reaching 186 branches. Dr. DuBois and Mr. Pickens have gone to the South and Southwest in that work, Mrs. Hunton, Mr. White and Mr. Johnson to the Midwest, Miss Ovington to the far West, and Mr. Bagnall has covered the East. We have sent out instruction as to files for the Drive, the details of the work of Committees, a speaker's hand-book, etc. See that your branch organizes, and ,push it to act. We plan four great meetings in the drive: 1. On the 31st of March, a demonstration mass-meeting for the pardon of the soldiers of the 24th Infantry, now imprisoned in Leavenworth. 2. On the 23rd of April—the Initial Drive Rally—an Anti-lynching Meeting. 3. On the 30th of April—an N. A. A. C. P. Sunday in every colored church with sermons on "Justice to the Negro—the Test of Christianity in America." 4. On the 15th of May—Closing Rally of the Drive. We plan to have our branches canvass every colored person and every liberal white in their localities. If any branch has failed to receive material and full instructions for the Drive, it should communicate at once with the National Office. A NEW SPIRIT IN THE SOUTH A favorite method of hodwinking themselves often used by white Southerners is to secure a statement from some sycophantic, spineless Negro and publish it as representative of the sentiment of a majority of colored people. The colored man thus chosen usually has no standing whatever with his own people but the white press labels him as "a safe and sane leader of his people". This carefully picked "leader" always runs true to form in mouthing such time-worn and moth-eaten phrases as "the southern white man is the Negro's best friend" and "we want no northern agitators meddling in our relations with the good white people of the South". But occasionally the other side of the .story is told. Following the appearance in December of representatives of the N. A. A. C. P. before the House Committee on the Census, testifying regarding the methods of disfranchisement of the Negro in Southern States, the Newbern, N. C , Sun-Journal in its issue of January 6 stated that ten "leaders of the colored people" had declared that "Newbern Negroes are not in sympathy with 251 THE CRISIS the efforts being made by the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People." The Sun-Journal did not, however, give the names of the ten mythical leaders. The intelligent and self-respecting colored citizens of Newbern instantly denied the charge of the Sun-Journal in a document that is so manly and upright in tone that we are reproducing it in full. It is a fair and excellent statement of what the better element of colored Southerners are thinking and feeling. Newbern, N. C „ January 11, 1921. To the Editor of the Newbern, N. C , Sun-Journal:— Under date of January 6 you published a news item in which it was stated that men calling themselves (or called by you) "leaders of the colored people" have stated that Newbern Negroes are not in sympathy with efforts being made by the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People. On the contrary, Newbern Negroes believe that the above mentioned society has done and is doing great good not only in battling against injustice, but in creating the good understanding between the races so much desired and preached in our time. It is an organization composed of both white and colored people who are making an unbiased study of conditions and telling the truth without fear or favor. It is to be expected that in doing so it would make enemies, but the society is one of the great public benefactors of our century. So far from looking upon the efforts of the society as a joke are we, that they are taken very seriously and believed to be handling the so-called Race Problem from a very necessary angle which in no way invalidates our local efforts to create and foster the good will so essential to the well being of both races. The fact that Negroes in this section get along in comparative peace does not mean that they are dehumanized and that they feel no sympathy for their oppressed brethren, bone of their bone and flesh of their flesh, in other sections of the South who are lynched, some time for cause, some time for none, and brutally slaughtered at the polls as was the case in the recent election in Orange County, Fla. Whether lynching be for cause or no cause, there can be no excuse for it. The white man is both Judge and Juror. Intelligent Negroes will never be contented and happy anywhere in our land as long as their brethren in other parts of it are subjected to outrages of injustice in the courts, lynching or any other practices that are not in keeping with, what has been called the "characteristic American spirit of fair play and equal opportunity and protection for all." It is interesting to follow the course of the local press in its comment on the Negro and the solemn and responsible duty of voting. One day it will be that intelligent Negroes do not want to vote. The article quoted in this paper states that "none of them has been prevented from voting when they are entitled to that right." In the light of that statement one wonders just what it is that entitles one to that right. Constitutional declarations are sufficiently clear, but it is perfectly plain that it takes a great deal more than the Constitution lays down to entitle one to that right as the requirements are administered in some quarters. For instance: During the last registration in Newbern.^ Negroes were reauired to read the whole Constitution and then to write it from memory; and in several instances persons were flatly told that they could not register at all. One notorious instance is that of a leading professional man who was given a transfer from one ward to another by one registrar and who was flatly refused registration in the ward in which he then lived and in which he had lived for at least a year. The persons mentioned above as flatly refused registration were in every way fitted to cast the ballot by possessions, intelligence and good character. There is no doubt that if one's face is black he is undesirable except for bloodshedding in time of war and tax paying in time of peace. The intelligent Negro, as every other intelligent freeman, is keenly sensible of the danger of the ballot box being dominated by an ignorant electorate; but lie refuses to admit that whiteness of face gives a monopoly of intelligence or that blackness of face denotes a monopoly of ignorance.. Let us hope that no man of any color in our community could be guilty of claiming to be so intelligent as not to desire the ballot. Let him acknowledge his shortcomings, his inability to qualify under a fair test; but let him not be so unappreciative of the spirit of democracy or so lacking in the just and reasonable aspirations of free men everywhere as to make so foolish and unpatriotic a declaration. As for the Negro, he takes America at her word. She places in his hand the Constitution and the Declaration of Independence; she teaches him that before the law his status is that of equal right and justice; she drafts him for service in time of war, though, as a rule he volunteers, taxes him for government upkeep and support of public utilities. He is taught the history of the white man's struggle for freedom and remembers that Concord is Holy Ground "where once the embattled farmers stood and fired the shot heard around the world" in defence of the doctrine that "Taxation without representation is unjust." There is no magic wand which may be waved over the Negro to make him unconscious of the exalted democratic idealism which everywhere pervades the atmosphere of this nation; or oblivious of the fact that he is often most arbitrarily denied the fundamental guarantees of citizenship. The Negro takes comfort in th e fact that the prophets of a better era are abroad in the land invoking not the spirit of race hatred but that of mutual cooperation and fair dealing. They are not confined to any one section or race. The spectacle of the Negro faithful and true to the flag in every time of national crisis is inclining ever growing numbers of the white race to resolve that he must receive unfailing justice and abiding friendship. Very much out of harmony with this tendency of these just spirits was the needless abuse and insult so freely heaped upon the Negro in the recent political campaign. Equally so is the ever unfavorable and hate begetting paragraphic and editorial sneering at this race whose toil is the backbone of the industries and whose spendings are the life of trade. A solemn and pressing question is, How long will the white race go on in a policy of double dealing and occasionalism with the Negro ? Why drive a people who are trusting and loyal into a state of mind that is the fruitful soil of radicalism, mistrust and hate? Not the least of the effects of this policy is that upon the morals of the rising generation of whites whose sense of justice and fair play must be so severely damaged as to unfit them for their great part in world affairs. No race for its own soul's sake can afford to be unjust to any people with impunity. It is a poison to its own soul and some day will show its fatal effects in matters not involving the people wronged. And lastly, a word as to "leaders of colored People": These are not self-appointed nor. are they crammed down our throats by others. We choose them for ourselves because we believe in them and their leading. We are exceedingly sensitive these days as to who they are and what they say. They must stand for racial Peace but racial peace with justice. They must be heralds of good-will t0 all people including ourselves; and however much they may counsel patience and hope and trust in Almighty God and the slow but certain pathway of duty, they must not surrender the right of this race to think of itself in terms of full citizenship in this Republic to which the Negro has pledged allegiance in unrequited toil and heroes' blood shed in every war from the dav of its birth W. C. Sparrow F. E. Anderson R. H. Herring H. P. Kennedy Rev. K. T. Thompson, W. W . Lawrance, S. J. Cooke R. J. Johnson Robert R. Green J. J. Stanley N. A. A. C. P. Th« statements relative to the means by which intelligent and educated Negroes were debarred from voting in Newbern is interesting in view of the statements made by Representative Samuel M. Brinson whose home is in that city. Mr. Brinson represents the Third Congressional District of North Carolina. He voluntarily stated to the Census Committee: "Quite a number of the colored people of my town are well educated, there being among them educators, teachers, preachers and practicing lawyers and doctors . . . But I have always argued down there, and they have agreed with me, that for the safety of the South and for the safety of civilization in North Carolina, the ignorant Negro should be deprived of the right of voting . . We made up our minds in North Carolina that they must not actively participate in politics unless they have the educational qualifications. In my state if they have the educational qualifications they vote, and quite a lot of them do vote." The Third Congressional District is composed of 9 counties with a population in 1910 of 178,775. The vote in 1918 for Congressman was Brinson, Democrat, 10,205 and for Wheatley, Republican, 7,000, a total of 17, 205. The potential voting strength, secured by taking 56 per cent, of the population, was approximately 101,114. There is small wonder that absurd, but effective, educational tests were applied in Mr. Brinson's district. Unless there had been, he would probably not be in Washington today. The fearless colored men of Newbern have rendered a genuine service to the white people of North Carolina, as well as the colored, in answering so effectively the puerile assertions of the Newbern Sun-Journal. A VICTORY AND A DEFEAT TW O important extradition cases have been engaged in by the National Asso ciation for the Advancement of Colored Peo ple—one where a colored man was arrested in Indiana and the State of Georgia applied for his extradition, the other, a colored man arrested in West Virginia, accused of a crime in Tennessee. In January, Macie Giddens, a colored man, was arrested in East Chicago, Ind., charged with the murder on December 25, 1920, of a Deputy Sheriff in Worth County, Ga. It was alleged that this sheriff went to Giddens' home to arrest him on a warrant sworn out by the other colored men against Giddens for disturbing a church service and that Giddens, without cause, opened fire on the sheriff, killing him instantly. Giddens, however, told an entirely different story. He stated that he had been working as a laborer for a white planter who demanded that Giddens' wife go into the fields to work while ill. A quarrel ensued and Giddens left the employ of the planter. During the early hours of Christmas morning, Giddens was awakened by the noise of a crowd outside his house demanding entrance. Upon his refusing to open the door until the crowd stated who they were, the crowd started battering in the door. Giddens fired, killing the leader of the crowd, a deputy sheriff. He escaped to Chicago, later going to East Chicago, Ind., where he was arrested. Giddens' sister employed an attorney of Chicago to fight the granting of a writ of extradition. Information regarding lynching and other crimes against colored people in Georgia and particularly in Worth County were furnished to Giddens' lawyer and to Governor McCray of Indiana. Governor McCray sent a representative to Worth County who was assured by the white citizens at a mass meeting that Giddens would be protected from mob violence and given a fair trial. Thereupon Governor McCray granted the writ of extradition. Although Giddens was carried back for trial, a partial victory was won since the Georgia authorities were forced definitely to commit themselves to protect him. However, on his return he was quickly sentenced to death. The attorney for Giddens was Mr. Lewis E. Johnson of Chicago. A victory was won by the Charleston, W. Va., branch in the case of Ed Knox, a colored man arrested in that city, accused of the murder of a white man in Glenmary, Morgan Co., Tenn. Knox claimed that he had killed the man in self-defense and felt absolutely certain that if carried back to Morgan County, he would be lynched. The Charleston branch interested itself in the case through its president, the Rev. Mordecai W. Johnson, and the Chairman of its Legal Redress Committee, Honorable T. Gillis Nutter, member of the State Legislature of West 'Virginia. The branch requested of the National Office information regarding lynchings in the State of Tennessee and the possibility of the lynching of Knox if carried back to Morgan County. Through friends in Tennessee, an investigator was sent to Morgan County who made a full report on the state of mind in that part of the state. In the meantime, Mr. THE CRISIS Nutter had been in communication with Governor John J. Cornwell who promised Mr. Nutter that ample opportunity would be given for the presentation of the evidence and that before sending Knox back to Tennessee, if that should be done, Governor Corn-well would get assurance from Governor Roberts of Tennessee that Knox would not be sent to Morgan County but to some other part of the State of Tennessee for trial. With Mr. Nutter was associated Attorney E. A. Graham of Charleston. The case was finally called on February 12. The Chief of Police of Charleston who was handling the case for the Tennessee authorities attempted to secure a continuance of the case on the ground that officers from Tennessee had wired that they were en route to Charleston with evidence. The case was thereupon continued until February 15. Chief of Police Charnock notified Sheriff J. T. Scott of Morgan County of the continuance and urged that action be taken at once. On Sunday, February 13, Mr. Nutter received a message informing him that Sheriff Scott had wired Chief Charnock that he had been unable to get the necessary evidence against Knox. Mr. Nutter at once called Judge W. W. Wertz of the City Court of Charleston, notified him of this information and demanded Knox's release. Judge Wertz directed Mr. Nutter to Chief Charnock who declared that he had received no such message. Mr. Nutter rushed to Police Headquarters and just as he stepped in the door, the day lieutenant was telephoning Chief Charnock, informing him of the message from Sheriff Scott. The release of Knox was then demanded of the Chief by Mr. Nutter. Thereupon Judge Wertz granted the release and Knox was freed. Mr. Nutter in reporting to the National Office the steps taken, stated: "The Tennessee authorities had intended to rush Knox off without a hearing, but were prevented by the kindly action of the Association. One colored man was lynched over the affair a few days after the alleged killing took place and this man was supposed to have been Knox." In both of these cases the Association emphasized upon the Indiana and West Virginia authorities that it was not interested nor would it desire to prevent the lawful trial of any colored man accused of a crime. It emphasized particularly that in some Southern States, as is a well-known and admitted fact throughout the country, when a colored man is accused of a crime against a white man in these states, a fair trial is impossible. These cases are of great importance in that states which have allowed lynchings to go unchecked are realizing that other sections of the country have taken cognizance of the lawlessness rampant in those states. Refusals to grant writs of extradition by northern Governors will place southern officials on the defensive and will act as a further incentive to check the wilful disregard of law so far as colored men are concerned in many parts of the South. THE CITIZENS' DEFENSE FUND COMMISSION TH E National Office of the N. A. A. C P. has received a statement of the amounts raised and disbursed by the Citizens' De fense Fund Commission of Arkansas, which has done exceedingly effective work locally in defense of the Phillips County riot vic tims. We are glad to publish this account. On November 21, 1919, the N. A. A. C P. entered into agreement with the 'ate Colonel George W. Murphy to defend all of the col ored defendants in the Arkansas cases, and paid on November 30 the first $1,000 on the attorneys' fees. In January following, the Citizens' Commission was organized and began to collect funds to aid in the defense of these cases, and with remarkable success as the statement below wi'l show. The statement, which is signed by J. G. Thorn ton, Chairman, and J. H. McConico, Secre tary, and former president of the Little Rock Branch of the N. A. A. C P. follows: Receipts $11,303.01 Disbursements: Attorneys' Fees $6,100.00 Attorneys' Exp. Acct, 795.34 Court Costs, Filing Fees, Printing Briefs 1,279.60 Postage 354.00 Clerk Hire 180.75 Court Stenographers. 1,221.31 Detective Service . . . 517.20 Donations Recalled. . 89.50 Incidentals 1.30 $10,539.00 Balance on Hand. . 764.01 $11,303.01 THE BLACK SWAN MARIA MORAVSKY PEACE was declared, but in Odessa there no peace. The city changed hands constantly. Yesterday the Turkish crescent moon had dominated the harbor. Today it was the flags of the Allies. But Vania Polanov did not much mind all these changes. He was hardly interested in politics. He was a dreamer. Lazily he polished a fine writing table, made in the trade school where he was learning carpentry. He loved this writing table, designed and completed all by himself save its fancy round legs, which had been skillfully turned on the lathe by his friend Kolia. But now, in the midst of warm southern May, he had not the slightest desire to work. Acacia was in full bloom. Its sweet scent floated in through the open windows, mixed with the strong smell of the varnish. Sawdust danced in the stream of sunshine. Two white butterflies, strayed into the classroom from the garden, sat immobile on the bottle with the lacquer. They were intoxicated with its vodka-like smell. "You bad drunkards!" said Vania, trying to chase them off. "Go away! I need my polish!" But the butterflies gave no heed. One of them crawled sleepily on his hand as he touched the bottle. "What do you talk with the butterflies about?" laughed Kolia, entering the carpentry class. "Do they disturb your work?" Other boys turned their heads toward him and smiled. Vania looked at these smiling young faces and felt that they, too, were slightly intoxicated with the scent of acacia. "Who dares to work on such a fine day!" he exclaimed boldly. "Lay down your tools! Let us declare a spring strike!" Kolia supported the proposal: "I will find the director and suggest it to him." "Otlichno! Otlichno!" shouted the boys. "Be our representative! Ask the other classes to join." The young director, who did not remember the iron discipline of the czar's school, listened without frowning to the unusual proposition of Kolia. "Horosho, call the meeting," he said complacently. "The majority may decide." The meeting was noisy. The teachers faintly objected to Kolia's proposition. "Freedom does not mean loafing!" said the old, white-bearded instructor of the locksmith trade. "But we want to be set free for one day only. It is such beautiful weather! We will make it up some rainy Sunday." The students voted that they would work the next Sunday, "when there is no sunshine", and the matter was settled. The boys surrounded Kolia shouting: "Well, what will we do with our free day? Tell us, you chairman of loafers! You bargained about it,—you must plan how to spend it." "We may go to the rehearsal at the People's theatre," suggested Kolia. The idea met with general approval. But Vania did not go to the rehearsal. He liked solitude. He shook hands with his comrades and went off home. He lived in the outskirts of the city. He rented a little, sunny room in a small white house with the shutters painted blue and the sunflowers before the windows. It reminded him of his far away northern village, which he had left for the sake of roaming. The low humming of strings was heard from the house. Vania frowned. "Vaska is playing my guitar again! I will show him!" He ran swiftly to his room and saw a little barefooted boy sitting nonchalantly on his bed, tormenting the strings of his beloved Italian guitar. He snatched the instrument from the small sunburnt hands and caught the ear of the little musician. "Ail Ail Ne budu!" wailed Vaska. Vania took his treasure from the careless hands of the child and tuned it, sitting on the steps of the house. He played a little lullaby and it cooled his anger. "What is new?" he asked Vaska in a friendly manner. "A foreigner came here who had lost his way!" grinned Vaska pleasantly. He was glad to be forgiven so soon. 255 THE CRISIS "What foreigner?" "A foreigner from A — a —• merica — country. He did not talk Russian. We called the French boy from the bakery to help him. Lui understood him. He showed him the way. They have lived here for two weeks and don't know yet what train to take to their summer place. "Who are they? You told me only about a man. . . ." " A lady was with him, but I did not see her. She sat in the carriage and said nothing." "How do you know there was a lady, if you did not see her?" "I picked up a red ribbon that fell out of the carriage. You don't think foreign men wear red ribbons? They are not communists." The boy drew out from his blouse a crumpled red bow and waved it before the face of Vania. "You little rascal! You did not return it to the owner! Don't you know that those Allies constantly call us robbers in their papers? We mustn't give them the slightest reason for it! Every button on their clothes must be safe! Give me the ribbon, I will send it to the Lost and Found Department." "It looks so beautiful! I thought . . . I thought, maybe you would like it for your guitar!" lied Vaska, trying to excuse himself. Vania looked at him with contempt. He carefully dusted the red bow and put it into his pocket. Then he went to his room to change his clothes. Today was like a holiday, so he must put on something light. He drew out of his plain white drawer a blue satin blouse, fading fast to white under the bleaching southern sun, and belted it with a red silken rope. He smoothed his light curly hair and rearranged the large blue bow which adorned the handle of his guitar. He was now ready for his long ride. He left the house and went to Porto Franco Street. This name was a reminder of that golden age when Odessa was a free port and the fame of its wealth attracted brave adventurers from all the neighboring lands. Here was the last stop of the horse car and the beginning of romance. The car passed slowly through the suburban village Romanovka, which lay in the channel of a river, dried up centuries ago. Its steep, stony banks were the natural walls of Romanovka. Now and then the dark entrance to a cave yawned among the yellow sponge-like stones. Glancing at these caves, Vania dreamed of hidden treasures. . . . The trolley stopped at liman1, which seemed to be an end of the world. Here the heavy waves, saturated with salt, lay almost immobile in the shallow bay. Its lonely shore was covered with white crystals, shining sharply under the fierce southern sun. The scanty grass lifted wearily its pale blades from the dry, reddish ground. The country seemed dead. In this salty desert stood an old park. It was planted ages ago by the slaves of Hadji Bey, a Turkish nobleman who had his harem here. The large oaks shadowed an artificial lake where the beautiful women used to swim in olden times. Now the harem was ruined and only one lonely wall recalled its oriental splendor. Black swans glided majestically on the calm waters of the lake. The legend ran that they were once upon a time the dark-eyed and black-haired beauties of the harem. "Last stop!" Vania jumped out from the squeaky old car. The conductor slapped his shoulder and asked, squinting at him: "Meeting a girl, eh?" Vania blushed and ran away without a word. He was nineteen and had no sweetheart. He dreamed of a swan-girl. When he entered the park of Hadji Bey his blue eyes darkened under the deep shade of the old trees and deepened from the dimness of dreaming. The park was full of soft green light, so soothing after the monotonous brightness of the desert. Vania imagined himself walking on the bottom of a sea, whose green waves murmured above. . . . He was drowned in the sea of dreams. He passed slowly through the long, unswept alley, with the buttercups growing in the middle of it. Frightened frogs jumped from under his feet. He took off his heavy boots so as not to harm the little creatures. His guitar hung from his left shoulder, his boots from his right one. He now resembled a wandering singer of old, such as used to cross the innumerable villages of vast Russia, living on bread, milk, and music. —'The Beach. THE BLACK SWAN A large weeping willow near the lake was his tent. He sat there and looked around with a calm content. He felt at home. "Where are my swans?" he murmured, gazing at the water. They were asleep. They crouched on the little island in the middle of the lake. Their shining black wings wer e folded close. Only the vigilant leader kept wide awake, with his red 'egs placed firmly on a white chalkstone, and his long neck moving constantly. He watched over the peace of the flock. Vania took his guitar, stroked the strings lovingly, and began to play a simp'e accompaniment, whistling softly a sad song of the Volga. The swans lifted their heads and opened their crimson beaks, as if yawning. One by one they slipped into the water, swelled out their black wings and sai'ed to ward Vania. He smiled and laid down his guitar. "Bel in good health," he1 said using the usual Russian greeting, as if talking to his com rades. Then he drew from his wide pockets a few pieces of bread and began to throw the crumbs into the calm waters of the lake. In spite of his de sultory education, got from hastily swallowing books on popular science, Vania believed in the myth: that a girl, who was turned into a swan ages ago, might meet him. some day on some moon-lit night . . . Oh, he would wait years for her I He lay in the thick, cool grass and dreamed of it. He changed in a dozen ways the old tale of the enchanted harem beauty. He closed his eyes and imagined the mysterious Black Swan shaking off its feathers and turning into a beautiful maiden. The morning star shone on her brow, the smile of eternal joy was on her lips. "BLACK SWAN!" He dreamed for hours and hours, until he became very hungry. Then he went out to the station, bought some hard eggs and black bread, and returned to his green tent. He ate his dinner and thought of Ivan Czarevich, who feasted in the castle on the sea bottom. He dined on dreams. 258 THE CRISIS The young moon peeped out through the thin willow trees. The swans went away. The park was more silent than ever. But Vania still lay on the moon-silvered grass dreaming about his Black Swan. And she came to him. She came noiselessly, like a dream itself. She was clad in a black, shining, fluttering robe, resembling swan feathers. Red shoes encased her little feet.- Her face was dark like an ancient image. She had black hair and large black eyes. She was as beautiful as a southern night. II. She approached him with dancing steps. Her movements were full of vehement grace, as if she tried to recall and repeat a dance, forgotten centuries ago. "Dobro pojalovat! Black Swan!" said Vania in the ancient Russian greeting and bowed to the earth, as did Ivan Czarevich in the legend. The girl suddenly ceased dancing. She looked at Vania with curiosity and smiled at him. Her teeth were like the purest snow of the fields of Archangel. "Zdravstmdte!" she said, pronouncing very slowly the usual word of greeting. "You gave me a beautiful name—Black Swan! I shall tell it to my impresario." "To your . . . what?" Vania did not understand the foreign word. "To my impresario, for whom I dance." "You had danced in the harem . . ." "No! Why do you think so? I have never been in a harem, although we have visited Constantinople. We stayed there a very short time; my impresario was afraid that the Turks might kidnap me! Such a fool!" Vania began to realize faintly that she was not a supernatural creature. But the haze of dreams still clouded the strange dancer. He had never seen anybody like her. "I came from Virginia. Old Smith has been dragging me with him all over the world! The last few months we spent in Siberia,—we had a good season, but, oh, I was so bored! Who are you?" He fully realized then that she was not a vision. Great joy filled his heart. He might touch her and she would not melt with the moonlight . . . "I am Vania Polanov," he said, shaking hands with his dream, "I am glad I met you. You are a Russian, and you have a guitar . . . Surely, you can play Russkaya? That is the dance I tried to learn . . . But I have seen it only a few times and it is difficult to catch, because it has no rules: every woman dances it as she pleases." "Do dance it as you please! I will play for you. You dance beautifully!" Easily she toned her body to the rhythm of Russkaya. She danced with the joy of a child who has found a new toy. "Old Ole will be glad that I learned it," she said. "Russian audiences will like me better," she smiled brightly. "Everybody will like you, barishniaP Your teeth are like sugar and your smile is as sweet." "It is nice of you to pay me compliments. But, please don't call me barishnia, call me Black Swan. It sounds beautiful! I will keep it as my stage name. In America I was called Molly the Blackbird." America! At the sound of the word, Vania remembered suddenly the talk of Vaska about the foreigner and the lady hidden in the carriage. "I have found your ribbon!" he exclaimed joyously. "What ribbon?" "The one you dropped when passing Romanovka." He drew out of his pocket the crumpled red bow and looked at it as if it were a miracle. "It was fate that I found it!" he thought. "It was a sign that I would meet her . . . It was sudba." "Yes, it is mine," said the girl smiling. "But I really don't need it. I have got an other one. You may keep it,—I see that you, too, like ribbons." She pointed to the blue bow which adorned his instrument. Then she took from the hands of Vania her red ribbon and tied it side by side with his. The two bright bows on the handle of the guitar were like the two great tropical butterflies, resting together. "May I play on it?" asked the girl touch ing the strings. "As much as you please!" exclaimed the boy eagerly. She seated herself on the grass near him. But she did not play. Sudden em barrassment seized her. "Why did you hide yourself in the car riage?" asked Vania with frank, childish curiosity. "My brother said you rode with the hood raised." JMiss. THE WOMAN'S PARTY "People stared at me all the time. I felt so uneasy .. . I think it was because of my dark skin. There was the same trouble in Siberia. Don't they ever sec colored people?" "What do you mean?" asked Vania. He had never heard the expression, "colored people". "The—the Negroes," said she after a moment of painful hesitation. "I am not black, I am a mulatto," she added. "My grandmother was a white woman, quite white. You may see that my nose is (To be concluded v, straight and small" . . . she touched it with a childish pride. "And my hair curls only a little .. . I might pretend that I am a Spanish senorita,—Ole says I look like one—but I don't want to lie! I promised that to myself after the death of my father. He was a Negro and I am not ashamed of his race. Oh, I loved him so! I want to be loyal to his memory!" Her face darkened. The expression of tragic sadness deepened her great eyes. Some dark remembrance of the far away past made her look older and wiser. the May number) THE WOMAN'S PARTY AND THE VIOLATION OF THE 19 th AMENDMENT ELLA RUSH MURRAY rT"'HE National Woman's Party held its ••• final convention in the city of Washington, D. C , from February 15 to 18, with delegates, many hundreds in number, from all over the country. Every topic covering financial activity was presented on the program, from Denmark to the Philippines. The busts of the Suffrage Pioneers—Susan B. Anthony, Elizabeth Cady Stanton and Lucretia Mott—were unveiled with appropriate ceremonies at the Capitol. On the last day the convention voted to go out of existence as the Woman's Party, upon the grounds that the object of the organization had been achieved, the passage of the 19th Amendment to the Federal Constitution providing that the right of the citizens of the United States or any State shall not be denied or abridged on account of sex. After repeated statements that the Suffrage Victory had been achieved, the convention voted itself back into existence as the National Woman's Party and decided that its future policy should be to work for all remaining legal disabilities of women and for equal representation for women in the future League of Nations. On February 16, as a member of the National Advisory Council, I presented a Minority Report of the meeting of the council held on January last. The report covered a motion made by me at that meeting, duly seconded, and defeated, to the effect that the Advisory Council recommend to the National Woman's Party, in event of its reorganization, that a special committee of the Woman's Party be appointed to bring pressure to bear on Congress for a special Congressional Committee to investigate the violation of the intent and purposes of the l'Jth Amendment. In explanation of my motion I said to the convention that I was bringing the matter to their consideration on account of the disfranchisement of women of both races in the Southern States at the recent elections, by evasion and perversions of the State Election Laws. That the Enforcement Act enforcing the 19th" Amendment cannot meet the situation since it has to be worded like the Amendment which it enforces and thereby can only state that there shall be no disqualification on account of sex. That there never has been and presumably never will be discrimination on account of sex even in the most bigoted sections and that, therefore, it was futile for anyone to argue that the women of the South would be protected by either the 19th Amendment or the subsequent Act enforcing it. That, moreover, the objection that the colored men of the South had found no protection under the 14th and 15th Amendments was equally of no weight since, in the first place, they alone had been disfranchised without similar injustice being done to white men, and that, in the second place, there had been no powerful organization of white men capable of protecting them as the Woman's Party was able, through its national prestige and political experience, to protect women. That the recent disfranchisement of southern women THE CRISIS of both races was not only a direct defiance of the very essence of the Susan B. Anthony Amendment but that it was an opening wedge for similar action wherever vested interests of any kind prevail, and upon any subject. That an unchallenged act of an illegal nature could become, through national disregard of law, an established situation, with the battle to be fought all over again. That the Anti-Suffragist neither slumbers nor sleeps. That there is even now a concerted attempt to prevent women from serving on juries in the State of Pennsylvania. That the Anti-Suffrage League of Women Voters, with headquarters in New York, is not organized purely for the sake of being listed in the New York City Telephone Directory. That in Maryland, the Anti-Suffragist is "walking up and down in the land, and going to and fro in it". That the past history of the Woman's Party will show that the portion of the country which most bitterly opposed Woman Suffrage—the Southern States—was now openly deriding the object for which we had worked so valiantly, viz., the 19th Amendment, and by shameless perversions and evasions of State Election laws, effectually frustrating our efforts. That aside from the fact that we ought, in the name of all truth and justice, to help our disfranchised sisters of any race, we certainly could not afford, with any degree of dignity, to reorganize along the same general lines without taking official cogni zance of the fact that we had not attained our end as long as what we had striven for remained a dead letter in one form or an other. That unless we of the Woman's Party went on record with a protest against disfranchisement, we could never consider that our work for the 19th Amendment had been finally achieved. On Friday morning, February IS, I spoke from the floor of the convention in the form of an objection to the Minority Report of the Resolutions Committee, upon the ground that it did not contain any allusion to the matter in question. On Friday afternoon, just before the convention closed, I suc ceeded in getting a motion before the con vention, to the effect that the Majority Re port of the Resolutions Committee should be amended to read as follows: "That the Resolutions Committee recom mends that the reorganized National Wo man's Party appoint a special committee to urge Congress to appoint a special .committee to investigate the violation of the intent and purposes of the 19th Amendment by evasion and perversions of State Election Laws." The motion was seconded by several delegates, and was defeated by a light majority. Thus the object for which I had prayed •and hoped and 'worked was attained. The Woman's Party has gone on record, and while it has done so in opposition to any notice of the fact that it has not succeeded in fully enfranchising the women of the country as far as actual voting is concerned, nevertheless an opening has been made, and the opposing vote was not a heavy one. It has been brought up to me that the Woman's Party has provided all women in the United States with the weapon of the ballot, and my reply has been, "If I wish to arm a woman whose hands are tied, which must I do first,—untie her hands, or just leave the gun around somewhere?" What was most needed at the convention was an emphatic, persistent number of colored women delegates with their own leaders. This is vitally important. Leading colored women should join the State Branches of the Woman's Party and they should be present at the meetings as interested working members, and they should insist that the State Chairman appoint a fair share of colored delegates to the National Annual Conventions, in 'accord numerically with the total number of delegates allotted to each State Branch. The proof of the value of colored women appearing in a concerted demand for their rights was conclusively shown by the tremendous moral effect produced upon those members of the convention who were present at our National Headquarters when the Deputation of Sixty, representative colored club women, called upon Miss Alice Paul three days before the convention to ask her to state her position regarding disfranchised women. I stood on the stairs as the deputation came up, and listened to the women of my own race as they made such comments as: "What splendid-looking women!" "What a lot of women!" "Where on earth did they all come from?" "Do you mean to say they have come from all over the country just to see Miss Paul?" "Are they all college women?" "Have they got a lot of organized clubs?" etc., etc. Now the idea of deputations originated in the earliest gloom of time, and its advan WHITTIER AGAIN tages as regards advertising are obvious. What the colored women need now, in the opinion of the writer of this article, is to follow approved political methods. We of the Woman's Party have never broken a law, but we forced the United States Government to do so when it illegally arrested, convicted and imprisoned us for picketing, an act made legal under the Clayton Federal Act. Our Government thereby became "militant", and not the Woman's Party. It can be clearly seen that the fundamental idea of the Woman's Party, from picketing to deputizing, was to make your opponent put himself in the wrong and incidentally to drag him into as much uncomfortable publicity as possible. Any other organization is at perfect liberty to study our methods, from the early days when we were still working for State Suffrage down to the last hours of political pressure in the two great national conventions of the Republican and Democratic Parties. The National Federation of Colored Women's Clubs, or the women of the N. A. A. C. P., or any other powerful association can persistently and unremittingly appeal for permission to send speakers to every meeting in the country, down to the smallest Ladies' Auxiliary of the smallest country church. They can work energetically for space in the press to report their speeches wherever made. They can send deputations to every leading woman, calling on her to use her influence to help her disfranchised sisters. Above all, they can picket early and late, all large conventions, the Woman's Party, the League of Women Voters, the Daughters of the Revolution (especially to the point!). No one except a Woman's Party woman can foresee the train of thought evoked by the sight of fine-faced colored women standing silently at the doors of the conventions MRS. ELLA RUSH MURRAY of their careless white sisters, with banners inscribed perhaps with some such thought as: "Do you know that (so many) million women are denied the vote?" Or "What are you going to do about the disfranchised women of the Southern States?" Or "Help us to fight for the thing that is nearest our hearts—Democracy,—by enforcing the 19th Amendment in spirit as well as in letter." Liberty is not deserved unless fought for wholeheartedly and with single purpose. We of the Woman's Party can say to you that we placed one object above all others while we fought, and we allowed no other matter to divert us from our goal. WHITTIER AGAIN CHARLES EATON BURCH OU R age has brushed aside Whitter's Voices of Freedom. We are told that they were for the days when black men were in veritable bondage, when a few brave souls were struggling to teach a nation the doctrine of the brotherhood of man. Critics of literature tell us that the passing of stirring abolition days has sounded the death knell to "Stanzas of the Times", and that the only justification for their occasional revival is due largely to their association with a great period in our national history. That Whitter's anti-slavery poems are void of some of the elements which make for a great literature, cannot be denied. But as long as men are in partial THE CRISIS bondage, and are not permitted to enjoy the fruits of the vineyard which they have bought with their blood and tilled by the sweat of their brows, they may be pardoned for noting such lines: Speed on Thy work, Lord God of Hosts! And when the bondman's chain is riven, And swells from all our guilty coasts The anthem of the free to heaven, Oh, not to those whom Thou hast led As with a cloud and fire before, But. unto Thee, in fear and dread, Be praise and glory evermore. Thus spoke the one American man of letters who staked his literary future to call a guilty nation to repentance. In season and out of season, hot flashes came from his tireless pen. And because of their very genuine sincerity, they sometimes approach the high water mark of great literature. What more noble chapter in American literature than that of the humble poet of New England who takes the mantle of the World's great reformers and cries aloud: Shall tongues be mute when deeds are wrought Which well might shame extremest hell? Shall freemen lack the indignant thought? Shall Pity's bosom cease to swell? Shall honor bleed?—Shall truth succumb? Shall pen and press, and soul be dumb? And to his country that had in earlier days placed Freedom high upon its banners and marched forth to teach the great lesson of Democracy, he adds: My Country! glorious at thy birth, A day-star flashing brightly forth— The herald sign of Freedom's dawn,— Oh, who could dream that saw thee then, And watched thy rising from afar, That vapors from Oppression's fen Would cloud the upward tending star? But after the battle, Whitter went to his tent and recounted the struggles of the day. Occasionally he saw the cause of righteous ness making small gains and tuned his lyre to sing of the victory. And so in his "Pas toral Letter," he reminds the champion of the oppressed that: A glorious remnant linger yet, Whose lips are wet at Freedom's fountains, The coming of whose welcome feet Is beautiful upon our mountains! Men who the gospel tidings bring Of liberty and love forever, Whose joy is an abiding spring, Whose peace is as a gentle river. We love to tarry with the one whose simple faith in the Good Shepherd led him into the conflict. His creed was the Fatherhood of God and the Brotherhood of Man. We, who are living in the first quarter of the twentieth century, can ill afford to forget his noble life. In the fight for human freedom, he was willing to spend and be spent. Hear him as he ponders over the Civil" War! We see not, know not; all our way Is night—with Thee alone is day, From out the torrent's troubled drift, Above the storm our prayers we lift,— Thy will be done. What a joyful psean came from his pen in 1865, when the amendment to the Constitution, abolishing slavery, was adopted! His Laus Deo is undoubtedly a great poem. It is done! Clang of bell and roar of gun Send the tidings up and down, How the bellfries rock and reel! How the great guns peal on peal Fling the joy from town to town. Some day Negro children shall sing in mighty chorus the Laus Deo; some day the black toiler shall leave his cotton field to join in the great song of freedom. But the task is not done. In the contests of the hour, the fathers are falling, and while they may not be permitted to say "It is done", they may, in the evening of their day, find comfort in Whittier's Eternal Goodness: I know not where His Islands lift Their fronded palms in air; I only know I cannot drift Beyond His love and care. A HARBOR , «S"0^3 I N Toledo, Ohio, a band of colored men colored working girls. The plan started in and women have devoted themselves to 1916 with Rev. Charles H. Bundy, who at bringing some sunshine into the lives of that time was pastor of the Warren A. M. E. A HARBOR TOLEDO COLORED WORKING GIRLS' HOME Church. He sent out a call which was met by representatives from the following organ izations : Warren A. M. E. Church, Third Baptist Church, Friendship Baptist Church, All Saints' Mission, Amazon Lodge (Masons i. America J. Ross Lodge (Odd Fellows), Golden Rule Lodge (Elks), B. &amp; K. and Bruck Lodge (Knights of Pythias), Enter prise Charity Club, Mothers' Club, Julia Brown Circle, King's Daughters, The Girls' Industrial Club, The National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, So journer Truth Court, Men's League of the All Saints' Mission, and the M. E. Mission. In the fall of that year a permanent organization was effected and a campaign was started, urging the need of an institution which would provide a pleasant home and its comforts to the Toledo colored working girl. From the first the idea met with marked success. The Toledo Girls' Industrial Club, under the supervision of Mrs. Thomas H. Randall, started the ball rolling with a cash subscription of $100. Very soon the Association was in possession of $500, all of which had been contributed by colored people. Later a "Tag Day" resulted in $4,194.38. By March, 1918, the Association had purchased a double apartment house at 533-535 Dorr Street, half of which was ready for occupancy by June. A growing list of applicants made it necessary to employ the whole building and in July, 1919, the Association held a re-oneninp-. The buildine, which has been tastefully and thoroughly furnished by friends of the movement, contains a lecture-room, assembly hall, two bathrooms, a model laundry, an up-to-date kitchen, and dormitory accommodations. Here girls may live for a nominal sum with the privilege of cooking and washing. In addition to affording a refuge for girls in need of a home, this institution has also served as a clearing house for girls and women without work. Within the first year of its existence more than 275 girls and women found employment through this means. The business end of the enterprise has been carried on admirably. The house cost originally $6,000, of which $3,600 was paid cash down. By January, 1920, the debt had been reduced to $2,700. The War Chest helped considerably with current expenses in 1919 and pledged $2,000 for 1920. Mrs. Thomas H. Randall, the president, writes: "The home is run exclusively by our own people. It has proved such a God-send to our homeless girls that we feel quite proud of the effort. We hope that knowledge of this effort may bring a blessing to many girls." Men of the Month TH E Board of Education at Camden, N. J., has a Negro member in the person of Dr. Clement T. Branch. Dr. Branch served as a Commissioner from the State of New Jersey for the Emancipation Proclamation Celebration, and was a delegate to the National Progressive Convention in 1912; he is chairnlan of the Hunton Branch of the Y. M. C. A. in Camden. Dr. Branch was born in Parmville, Va., January 21, 1869. He studied at Shaw, Cornell and Howard Universities. He has been practising medicine in New Jersey for 20 years. James Francis Rickards on August 29, 1920, was retired with a pension from the Detroit Post Office after 40 years' service as a letter-carrier. Mr. Rickards was born in Dover, Del., January 17, 1848. He attended the school opened by the Society of Quakers for colored children; later he took a business course in Detroit. In 1869 he joined the Masonic Fraternity; after serving as Grand Commander of Knights Templar in the State of Michigan for 11 years, he became in 1911 Sovereign Grand Commander of the United Supreme Council of the 33rd degree of the Scottish Rite of Freemasonry of the Northern Jurisdiction, and has been unanimously re-elected to this office each year. Dr. William H. Brooks was born in Cal vert County, Md., in 1859. He studied at Morgan College, Howard University, Union Seminary and New York University, and spent two summers in Europe. Dr. Brooks was a member of the General Conference from the Washington Annual Conference in 1896, and of the General Con ference from the New York Annual Con ference in 1920. The latter election was the first instance in the history of Methodism that a white conference elected a Negro representative. He was Fraternal Delegate to the General Conference of the Colored Methodist Eniscopal Church in 1902, and a delegate to the World Missionary Confer ence in Edinburgh, Scotland, in 1910. Dr. Brooks has been pastor of St. Marks' M. E. Church, New York City, since March, 1897. Recently a new edifice with a seating capacity of 2,000, a pariah house and a parsonage were contracted for in Harlem, on Edgecombe Avenue. The property is 34 feet in the rear, 67 feet front and 200 feet deep. During October of last year the church had an offering of $10,000; at a Sunday rally service $9,092 in cash was raised. Dr. Brooks is also known as the Chaplain of the 15th Infantry. Dr. C. Bethany Powell is a graduate of the college and medical departments of Howard University. During three summer vacations while a student, he affiliated himself with the South Hampton Hospital, at South Hampton, N. Y., where he became a pathologist and an assistant in the operating-room. He served as president of the Chi Delta Mu, during 1919-20, and under his administration graduate chapters were established at Kansas City and St. Louis, Mo. Dr. Powell has recently been appointed an interne in the department of radiography, radio-therapy and clinical pathology at Bellevue Hospital, New York City; he is also Medical Examiner for the Municipal Lodging House. He was born in Newport News, Va., August 7, 1894. M. Russell Nelson was awarded the degree of Doctor of Medicine from the University of Pennsylvania, June, 1920, at the age of 24. On July 1 he was appointed Junior Resident Physician of the Medical Division of the Columbia and Cornell Universities' Medical School Services at Bellevue Hospital, New York City. On January 1 of this year Dr. Nelson was appointed Senior Resident Physician in charge of the Tuberculosis Division at Bellevue Hospital, succeeding Major R. B. Richardson. Dr. Nelson was born in Radnor, Pa., March 21, 1896. At the Lower Merion High School he was chosen captain of the Varsity Track Team and won the Middle States Inter-scholastic Championship as a high jumper. He served as president of Rho Chapter, Alpha Phi Alpha Fraternity, during 1918, and was instrumental in the establishment of Psi Chapter. He was the founder and first president of the Daniel Hale Williams Surgical and Oral Society, the first Negro scientific society in the history of the University of Pennsylvania. 264 DR. C. BETHANY BO WELL DR. M. RUSSELL NELSON B.EV. WILLIAM H. BROOKS SB. CLEMENT T. BRANCH MB. JAMES F. RICHARDS 265 The Looking Glass LITERATURE EXHORTATION THROUG H the pregnant universe rumbles life's terrific thunder And Earth's bowels quake with terror; strange and terrible storms break, Lightning-torches flame the heavens, kindling souls of men thereunder: Africa! long ages sleeping, Oh my Motherland, awake! In the East the clouds glow crimson with the new dawn that is breaking, And its golden glory fills the western skies:—• Oh my brothers and my sisters, wake! arise! For the new birth rends the old earth and the very dead are waking, Ghosts are turned flesh, throwing off the grave's disguise, And the foolish, even children, are made wise; For the big earth groans in travail for the strong, new world in making— Oh my brothers, dreaming for dim centuries, Wake from sleeping; to the East turn, turn your eyes! CLAUDE MCKAY. FROM GENERATION TO GENERATION T H E mantle of the late Samuel Cole ridge-Taylor has fallen, successfully, it would seem, on the young shoulders of his children, Hiawatha and Gwendolen. The Croydon Advertiser and Surrey County Reporter, England, says: Of far more than transient interest was the concert of the String-Players' Club at Croydon Public Hall on Friday. Within this organization is enshrined special devotion to works of the late Mr. S. Coleridge-Taylor, whose laurel-adorned portrait had a place of honor. "His music lives." Of that there was abundant evidence, and his spirit must truly have hovered in the room. There was a stronger link with the ever-revered Anglo-African composer-conductor than the goodly heritage expressed in music scores. The living link—the term may be technically wrong, but it is all-expressive—was there in the presence as conductor of the orchestra of Mr. Hiawatha Coleridge-Taylor, his only son, still in his teens and in figure and facial characteristics so like his long lamented sire. Having largely inherited musical genius, who possibly could get nearer the truest interpretation of the subtle beauties of music of so distinctive a strain? The chief selection was from the Hiawatha Ballet Suite which bears the last opus num ber—82—of the Coleridge-Taylor composi tions. The product of intensive effort, the just completed and signed MSS. were lying on the piano at Aldwick when the composer passed away—his last work. The whole Ballet takes two hours to perform. Portions of the five movements were given on Friday, as ably orchestrated by Mr. Percy E. Fletcher. To the young conductor the audi ence were indebted for an illuminating sy nopsis of each movement, with stimulating quotations from the immortal poem. The joyous melody of the feast, the barbaric dance, the insinuating charm of the prayer in "The Departure" and the haunting beauty of "glory sunset and purple mist" found wonderful interpretation at the hands of the slim, boyish conductor in whose keen, highly-wrought energy and sinuous absorption in every note and shade of expression one detected virile powers in the making. The delighted hearers ignored the special request to be silent between each movement; applause punctuated the breaks with a spontaneity withering to strict propriety The pathetic interest of the occasion is referred to by a correspondent in a note to The Advertiser. "Remembrance of the late composer," he writes, "was all the more real because of the strong likeness in figure and manner of the son who has called the String-Players' .Club into being again—a likeness which became the more marked as, in his hands, the baton revealed the same characteristic movements of arm and fingers that were associated with his father. It was a bold thing to risk comparison between father and son in the conductor's chair, and it is high praise to say that the youthful debutante rose to the occasion and revealed possession of the temperament and musical instinct for securing a good performance." * * * The Daily Mercury, Plymouth, England, says of a concert given in Guildhall: Principal interest was centered in the appearance of Miss Gwendolen Coleridge-Taylor, daughter of the well-known Anglo-African composer, who contributed some musical monologues. She is quite a talented elocutionist, and gave "The Clown and the Columbine" with rare verve and sympathy. Her other selection was "A'ventures," a 266 THE LOOKING GLASS pretty little childish story, and for an encore she gave "Fairy Rings," another charming, though brief, monologue. In "The Clown and the Columbine" she had a trio accompaniment, whilst the incidental music to "A'ventures" was her own composition, which she played herself. Mr. Roland Hayes, the Negro tenor, was a popular success, and he was twice encored. He gave a fine rendering of Coleridge-Taylor's "Life and Death." THE HOUSE COMMITTEE ON THE CENSUS T, H E colored citizen is not the only one to commend the action of the N. A. A. C. P. before the House Committee on the Census. H. L. Mencken writes in the Baltimore, Md. Evening Sun: From the learned Memphis Commercial-Appeal of January 22 I extract the following comment upon a recent hearing before the House Committee on the Census: The public is aware that the notorious So ciety for the Advancement of Colored People appeared before the committee, and through its officials urged the reduction of southern representation in Congress on the alleged ground of the practical disfranchisement ot the Negro in the South. . . . The repre sentatives of this organization who appeared before the committee were Negroes of ability who presented their case impressively and with becoming dignity. But the manner in which they were bullied by southern Con gressmen, members of the committee, presents a humiliating contrast. . . . From this exhibition it seems quite clear that the South must improve the quality of its rep resentation if it hopes to retain the respect of the nation. One cannot imagine Lamar, or George, or Isham G. Harris, or Garland playing the role that those men did. * * * Mr. Mencken proceeds inimitably: The eminent editor of the Commercial- Appeal, I regret to say, does not overstate the facts upon which he grounds his despair. I have examined at length the stenographic report of this hearing and find it very de pressing indeed. On the one side there were two colored men, the Hon. James Weldon Johnson and the Hon. Walter F. White— polite, intelligent, calm, well-informed, digni fied, self-respecting. On the other side were four southern Congressmen, the Hon. M. M. Aswell, Lai-sen, Bee and Brinson—bullying, bulldozing, stupid, pettifogging, choleric, nonsensical. They cross-examined the wit nesses exactly in the manner of eighth-rate lawyers in a police court—seeking to befog the issue, pressing idiotic points, setting up blathering contentions over words, makinc vast efforts to cover up their childishness with moral indignation. It was, in sober truth, a humiliating spectacle. One regrets that the whole report cannot be set before all the voters of the republic, that they may begin to understand what intolerable blockheads make their laws at Washington. THE MIGRATING NEGRO THE Negro, who up to the time of the Great War was almost a fixture in his native locality, having once learned to move, is still moving. This time his migration is not due to the lure of higher wages or of better treatment, but to unemployment. The flow is toward the great cities. Charles C. Cooper, of the Kingsley House, Pittsburgh, Pa., is quoted by the Survey: The number of idle colored men and women in any part of the great cities is difficult to estimate; there is no method of computing those who have come into the city after being "laid off" in surrounding-territory. During some twelve days in January, 2,100 colored men, who had come from surrounding districts, and none of whom had been working in Pittsburgh, applied at the little Provident Rescue Mission in Pittsburgh for assistance and work. In one week 1,02? applied to the Urban League of this city for work, and 8 received it. To care for these unfortunate but still cheerful people overtaxed those agencies which in normal times had ably assisted them. The colored churches threw open their doors to feed them. Later, with the assistance of the Association for the Improvement of the Poor, they were housed by the Provident Rescue Mission and the Holy Cross Episcopal Church (colored), and fed by the Grace Presbyterian Church (colored). With the usual lack of understanding, the police department began to arrest hundreds of these men as vagrant and suspicious persons, and many were sent to the workhouse. Those who had sufficient funds were unable to secure houses on account of the housing situation; the prevailing high rents were made prohibitive on account of the color line. The situation seems to have been made worse by the inhospitality of some labor unions. These proclaimed that they knew no color line; nevertheless the colored men feel that in their practice they have not met the problem fairly. Some attempt is being made upon their part now to organize their own local unions. * * * Lack of work makes the situation very difficult but it is not driving the Negro back South. The Survey says: In one large group, housed in the Provident Rescue Mission, the question was asked one night: "Now that you men are out of work, are you going to return to the South?" The answer, quaint and crude, still showed the hope of their race: "Like Hell we are." 268 THE CRISIS YOUR NEXT DOOR NEIGHBOR The first Congress of the League of Na tions, held a few weeks ago in Geneva, gives Robert Dell, writing in The Nation, a chance to compare the ability of the dele gates from the various nations. America, he thinks, would have had much to learn. Never before have Europe, Asia and Latin America been brought into such close con tact. Latin America is almost unknown to the great majority of Europeans, who imag ine that it consists entirely of countries in a state of chronic revolution and less than half civilized. Some of the Latin-American delegates have shown themselves far more in touch with international affairs than many of the Europeans. Senor Pueyrreao is a man of marked ability and force of character, who at once took a prominent place in the Assembly, which elected him one of its vice-presidents. I gathered from American visitors that Haiti is not regard ed with very great respect in the United States. If you have many men in your poli tics as well-informed, capable, and enlight ened as M. Frederic Doret, I congratulate you. We have not many in Europe. He is colored, of course, but I would rather be governed by him than by most of the states men now in power in Europe. A great many of the white delegates to the Assembly we very much his inferiors in every way. . . . . The Chinese and Japanese delegations were second to none and superior to most in culture, in knowledge, in ability. Mr. Wellington Koo was quite ont of the ablest men in the whole Assembly. I often wondered what these highly, cultured representatives of an ancient and splendid civilization thought of the crude, primitive, half-civilized Australians and New Zealanders. The Yellow Peril must be something like the Jewish Peril—the danger that a more quick-witted and instructed race will cut the others out. I rejoice at the election of China on the Council of the League, for the world has much to learn from her. Chinese policy in the Assembly was most enlightened, and her influence will be on the side of peace and international reconciliation. The Persian delegation had also an enlightened policy, and M. Zoka ed Dowleh. in particular, more than once intervened happily in the debates. The Japanese were reticent. They concentrated on the Council, from which they failed to obtain their two principal desires—racial equality and the "open door" in the mandatory territories. But the question of racial equality will have to be faced by the League 'and by the European races. Viscount Ishii announced the determination of Japan to raise the ques tion next September in the Assembly. The ultimate choice will be between conciliation and war. Asia will not consent to anything less than equality with the rest of the world, especially now that she has two out of the eight members of the Council. Japan's difficulties in California bring this sympathetic statement from a writer in The Nation: The primary question, and in practice the only one of importance, is that of race antagonism. On this subject California still lives, as some other sections of the country still live, in the dense and heated atmosphere of 'a bygone time. It assumes without debate that the white race is superior and that all other races are inferior; that people of different races do not mix; that the presence of any appreciable number of 'aliens with different, and hence presumably lower, standards of living inevitably tends to pull down the standards of citizens whose plane of living is higher; and that racial intermarriage is unthinkable because it is certain to produce a low quality of children. Hence the war-cry, reverberating from the anti-Chinese days of Dennis Kearney and the San Francisco sand-lots to the anti-Japanese days of Senator Phelan, "The Japanese must go." It is time that the American people faced squarely this whole question of race. In the years when nations made much of their so-calle'd sovereignty, and arrogated to themselves such positions in the world as by hook or by crook they were able successfully to assert, there was, perhaps, justification, albeit of 'a specious kind, for the policies of discrimination or exclusion which they practiced in regard to peoples of other races or of inferior strength. There is still justification for excluding from a country aliens who are physically or mentally defective, or who are likely for any reason to swell the ranks of criminals or become a public charge. There is still reason why aliens should not be imported under contract for the clear purpose of displacing citizen wage earners who are hieher paid. But as to other restrictions and discriminations the world has changed. Two of the professed aims of the great war which has just been fought have been the recognition of the right of small nations and racial groups to independence and self-determination, and the union of all peoples in a world league in which the nations should be equal; and while those principles have as yet been honored more in the breach than in the observance, the principles themselves abide. JUSTICE IN DES MOINES A N important decision regarding the re sale of property to colored people has been handed down in Des Moines. The Bystander, a local weekly, says: Real estate contracts which prohibit the resale of the property to colored persons are not binding. Such a stipulation is a violation of the Fourteenth Amendment to the Constitution of the United States in the opinion of Judge Lawrence DeGraff, of the District Court, who handed down a decision Monday in the case of Arch I. Madden vs. DELEGATES OF THE NATIONAL CONGRESS OF BRITISH WEST AFRICA TO LONDON (Courtesy of the African Times') From left to right, sitting: Dr. Bankole-Bright (.Sierra Leo-ne), The Hon. T. Hutton-Mills, Barrister-at-Law (Gold Coast), Chief Oluwa (Nigeria), The Hon. Casely-Hayford, Barrister-at-Law (Gold Coast), H. Vanheim, Esq. (Gold Coast). From left to riglU, standing: J. Egerton Shyngle, Barrister-at-Law (Nigeria), Mr. H. M. Jones (Balhurst, Gambia), Mr. Herbert Macaulay (Chief Oluwa's Private Secretary), T. M. OJuwa (Son of Chief Oluwa), Mr. E. W. Dove (Sierra Leone), Mr. E. F. Small (Bathvrst, Cambria). THE CRISIS Dorothy Quail, colored, a suit to eject the latter from premises she bought January 30 from H. A. Flowers. * * * A correspondent sends a copy of the opinion handed down by Judge Lawrence De Graff. The decision reads in part: A consideration for the purchase of a parcel of real estate that the vendee would not sell the premises covered by the contract to colored persons or persons of African descent is void, and the 14th Amendment to the Constitution of the United States is properly invoked. In the case of Galdalfo vs. Hartment et al., 48 Fed., 181, a similar provision to that in the instant contract was recited, in the deed, and was intended to be a covenant running with the land. The court held that it violated the public policy of the United States and was contrary to the spirit and intent of the 14th Amendment to the Constitution of the United States. A somewhat similar question was raised in Buchanan vs. Warley, 245 U. S., 60, in which case the court was called upon to construe a city ordinance of the city of Louisville, Ky., and a like holding was made. See also Bin-ford vs. Boyd, 178 Cal., 458. For the reasons herein indicated the relief prayed for by Plaintiff is refused, and injunction is denied and case dismissed at Plaintiff's costs. An exception may be noted for Plaintiff. (Signed) LAWRENCE DEGRAFF, Judge. The lawyer for the defendant, Dorothy Quail, was John L. Thompson, assisted by George H. Woodson. MISCELLANY GEORG E UNDERWOOD translates in the London Freethinker a striking bit from Voltaire, the master of satire: I had now only Africa to visit in order to enjoy all the pleasures of our continent; and thither I went in all reality. The ship in which I had embarked was taken by the Negro corsairs. The master of the vessel complained loudly, and asked why they had violated the laws of nations. The captain of the Negroes answered: "You have a long nose and we have a short one; your hair is straight and oui-s curled; and therefore we ought, by the sacred law of Nature, to be always at loggerheads. You buy us in the public markets on the coast of Guinea like beasts of burden, to make us labor in I don't know what kind of drudgery, equally hard and degrading, with the whip held over our heads; you make us dig in mountains for a kind of yellow earth, which in itself is good for nothing, and is not so valuable as the Egyptian onion. In like manner, whenever we meet you, and are superior to you in strength, we make you slaves, and oblige you to manure our fields; or, in case of refusal, cut off your nose and ears." A writer in the New Statesman, London, raises the question of first aid for discon tent: Discontent is not a remedy, but a symptom. Popular unrest in itself is no more to be rejoiced in than a rash. It is also true that it is no more to be neglected than a rash. The ruling classes have throughout history done their best to ignore it, or, when they could not ignore it, to punish it. They have merely driven the disease in. The discontent of the poor is for the most part a protest against the conduct of those who have appropriated to themselves so large a share of the opportunities for happiness. It may be that the State cannot make a man happy. The State cannot raise the dead, nor can it endow a man with genius or beauty or humor. If he lacks these things, his quarrel is not political: it is with destiny. There are other forms of happiness, however, which the State can insure to him. It can insure to.him and his children opportunities of life, of education, of travel, of dwelling in a roomy house surrounded by a garden of flowers, of reading whether for wisdom or for entertainment, of eating well and speaking well, of seeing pictures other than the cinema, of hearing music other than the steam organ, of learning how many colors there are in a jay's plumage, of release from work for a month at a time, of swimming in the sea, of leading, in fine, the life of a gentleman, a poet and a scholar. It is folly to pretend that the discontent of the poor man who is at present shut out as by a doom from these delights either will or ought to come to an end until he has broken down the door that separates him from them. Contentment with the social order of our time would be a disgrace to rich and poor alike. Content is the ideal condition of society. The greatest social problem in the world—indeed, the whole social problem—is how to construct a State in which it will be possible for a decent man to be content both with his own lot and the lot of his neighbor. The Leader, Pittsburgh, Pa., speaks on the protection of the principles of liberty: In time it is possible we may develop a breed of statesmen who may be able to see that nothing is so big, certainly nothing is bigger, than the protection of the principles of democracy and freedom to which the nation was dedicated by its founders. It is possible, but if one is to be guided in his hopes for the future by the facts of the past and present, it is only remotely possible. If the Negro citizens ever receive protection from murderous mobs, North or South, it will be only when they take over the job of protecting their race. If there is any other solution it does not make much noise or scat ter any light at present. The Horizon Compiled by Madeline G. Allison COMPILED BY MADELINE G . ALLISON MUSIC AND ART THE Howard Players, of Howard Uni versity, have appeared in "The Tents of the Arabs", by Lord Dunsany, and "Simon, the Cyrenian", by Ridgeley Torrence. In the first play, John H. Broadnax as the king and Stella Skinker as the gypsy-maid, won much applause. Miss Skinker was found to be an emotional actress of splendid ability. In the second play, the title roles were acted by Purvis J. Chesson, Helen I. Webb and Ottie Graham. The players— who number 23 and execute their own settings and costumes—were directed and assisted by Mrs. Marie Moore Forrest and Cleon Throckmorton. They will present Eugene O'Neill's "The Emperor Jones" in which Charles Gilpin, the Negor actor, is starring in New York City. Mr. Gilpin has promised to play his role for the performance. Marion Anderson, contralto, has appeared in a recital at Morehouse College. She was assisted by the Morehouse College Orchestra of 30 pieces, the Burleigh Glee Club and William G. Valentine, pianist. J. Edgar Dowell is the tenth Negro composer to place songs with the Jack Mills Company in New York City. . A benefit concert has been given in Brooklyn, N. Y., for the Fort Valley High and Industrial School of Georgia. George Foster Peabody presided and among the participants were Natalie Curtis-Burlin and H. T. Burleigh. The Glee Club and Orchestra of Morehouse College has given its 10th annual concert. On the program were works of Coleridge-Taylor, Dett, Harreld, White, Dvorak, Liszt, de- Koven and Wieniawski. Kemper Harreld is the director. The Q. R. S. Roll Company has contracted with two Negro pianists; one of them, Joseph P. Johnson, will make a specialty of music written and composed by Negroes. The Okeh Phonograph Compai^y is featuring Mamie Smith, a singer; the Columbia iaphophone Company is using Marie Stafford, a vocalist; the Mel-O-Dee Roll Company is featuring Eubie Blake, pianist; and Clara Turner, a singer, is making records for several companies. C Negroes in Augusta, Ga., have opened a theatre which cost $100,000. Its capacity is 700. n Philadelphia, at the John Wanamaker gallery there are paintings by Henry O. Tanner, the Negro artist. "The Wise and the Foolish Virgins" is a canvas 30 x 15 feet; its place is in the centre of the gallery. "The Flight Into Egypt" is a 10 x 6 feet piece of work. Mr. Tanner's "Annunciation" is part of a collection at Fairmount Park. The Chicago Umbrian Glee Club has given its annual concert, with Florence Cole-Talbert, soprano, and Herbert Stewart, accompanist, assisting. The club has 35 members. Mr. J. E. Mitchen is president. Mme. Azalea Hackley has presented a chorus of 200 in a folk-song festival at Oakland, Cal., under the auspices of the Fanny J. Coppin Club. The receipts were $1,000. A permanent chorus was organized. The Oakland Tribune says: "For both white and colored people, there was good to be carried away from the concert. For the former it was a liberal education in the loveliness— and the musical value—of the Afro-American songs. To the latter it was a disclosure of the genius for tonal beauty with which they are endowed." James A. Jackson, a Negro writer in New York City, has been added to the editorial staff of the Billboard. Among newspapers that have published Mr. Jackson's writings are the Globe, the Sun and the Herald, Of Mrs. H. King Reavis, the colored prima donna, "J. C." says in the London, England, Graphic: "One—I say one advisedly—of the finest things in this Southern Syncopated Orchestra is the vocalism of Mrs. H. King Reavis. This lady possesses a soprano voice of unusual range and the number 'Listen to the Lambs', a religious Negro melody, is exquisitely rendered." Mrs. Reavis 271 THE CRISIS has many times sung before the nobilities of Europe. Maud Cuney Hare, author-pianist, and William H. Richardson, baritone, of Boston, Mass., have completed a tour of the Pacific Coast. Following their concert at Rochester, N. Y., the Rochester Democrat and Chronicle said: "Maud Cuney Hare offered to music-sated Rochester quite a new sensation in the old Creole folk-songs for which she herself has arranged the music and made the translation. .. . In her informal talks about folk music she was particularly charming, and she was at her very best in the interesting group of songs and dances of the Creoles. . . The singer, Mr. Richardson, is a baritone of splendid gifts. He sings with earnestness and dignity and is an intelligent interpreter of his songs. His program last evening was an exacting one, and one which would test any singer's versatility." EDUCATION MAGGI E VINCENT, a graduate of Al bion Academy and Bennett College, has passed the examination of the State Board of North Carolina as Supervisor in Domestic Science with an average of 92% Miss Vincent is 22 years of age and a teacher of Derby School, Jackson Springs, N. C. Hampton Institute is issuing leaflets for school use. Among the subjects are "Games for Elementary Schools"; "Home Decora tion", and "Beautifying Schoolhouses and Yards". At Asheville, N. C , among city improve ments last year was a $24,000 school build ing for Negroes. The House Committee on Education in a report recommending the passage of the Smith-Towner Bill for Federal Aid to Edu cation puts the United States in the ninth place. The report adds: "It is thought by some that illiteracy is a race question, but it is much more than that. There are over 1,000,000 more white illiterates in the Unit ed States than illiterate Negroes." The newspaper report that Professor George W. Cook had been retired from Howard University was an error. The statement came through an address delivered by President Durkee, in which reference was made to the retirement this year of Dr. E. E. Albert Cook. O Dr. S. Marie Kinner, of Pittsburgh, has passed the Pennsylvania State Board of Medical Examiners. Among 70 candidates for licenses, 7 were Negroes. Dr. Kinner studied at the University of Pittsburgh and was graduated with honor from Howard University Medical School in 1919. She served as resident physician at Mercy Hospital for one year and was Medical Advisor for the Children's Clinic of South Philadelphia. C Miss E. L. Fisher, of the Bruce School, has celebrated 50 years as a teacher in the District of Columbia. She was one of the earliest graduates of Howard University Normal Department. Eighty colored women in New Orleans, La., were recently granted certificates by the American Red Cross to practise nursing. Dr. J. T. Phillips, of Nashville, Tenn., has passed the Missouri State Medical Board with an average of 88%. He was the only Negro among 50 candidates. Dr. Phillips is a graduate of Fisk and Meharry. Margaret Deland, the well-known white author, is endeavoring to raise $10,000 to found 100 scholarships at Hampton Institute. The General Education Board has made a grant of $125,000 toward an endowment fund of $500,000 which is being raised by the United Presbyterian Church for Knoxville College. The institution is 45 years old. G Xi Chapter of the Kappa Alpha Psi Fraternity has been organized at Howard University with 15 members. There are 5 other fraternities at Howard. Through Robert L. Vann a scholarship of $50 has been given to Howard University by the Loendi Social and Literary Club of Pittsburgh, Pa. Graduates and former students of Talla dega College have formed a "Talledega Club" in New York City. William E. Pick ens is honorary president and Dr. Floyd Terry, president. Howard University has 1,721 students as follows: college, 878; law, 161; religion, 232; medicine, dentistry and pharmacy, 450. The enrollment is an increase in each de partment, and there are students from 10 foreign countries. INDUSTRY THOMAS NEWMAN has retired from the Milwaukee road after 40 years' ser vice, during which time he shined 600,000 shoes. He is 80 years old. C At Little Rock, Ark., the People's Ice and Fuel Company, colored, has let a con THE HORIZON tract for the construction of a $100,000 fac tory. The president is Mr. J. G. Taylor. The main financial support is being fur nished by David H. Raines, a Negro of Shreveport, La., who is reputed to be worth $1,500,000. Mr. Raines owns 2,000 acres of land on which there are 40 producing oil wells; he pays a clerk $100 a day to check up his royalties. . Commercial Bank and Trust Company at Richmond, Va., during 12 weeks of business passed the $100,000 mark. It has deposits amounting to $60,820 among 1,174 deposit ors; real estate, furniture and fixtures, $19, 908; capital paid in, $33,302; resources, $102,292. The president is Mr. T. C. Er win, who for a number of years was prin cipal of the Dinwiddee Normal School. The Special Grocery Company, Inc., has been launched with a capital of $50,000 by Negroes of Roanoke, Va. Messrs. J. E. Jef ferson is president; J. C. Eggleston, vice- president; C. B. Stratton, secretary, and Mrs. Lucy Wilson, treasurer. The purpose of the enterprise is to conduct a wholesale and retail business. Out of a class of 29 graduates from the colored Derrick Business School, Philadel phia, Pa., 15 have been placed in positions with both races and several have returned South for employment. The Standard Life Insurance Company, of Atlanta, Ga., has $19,864,650 worth of insurance in force, an increase of $6,135,481 over the year 1919. New business during 1920 amounted to $13,335,500. Its admitted assets are $1,093,918 with a net reserve of $892,728. Heman C. Perry is the president. Harrison Collins, a Negro at St. Louis, Mo., has been appointed Assistant Superin tendent of the Street Cleaning Department in charge of ash collections. George White, a Negro letter carrier at Atlanta, Ga., has been retired after 40 years service. A testimonial reception was given him. J. H. Bishop, a Negro manufacturer of hair preparations at Baltimore, Md., employs 14 people and last year did a business of $45,000. Richard Green, of Washington, D. C , has acted as Chief Messenger for 20 Treasury Department heads during 50 years service. Senator Glass and other government officials have tendered him a celebration and presented him with a gold watch. William F. Phillips, a Negro assistant warrant clerk at Philadelphia, Pa., since JOSEPH A. GILBERT (left) AND JESSE MER CHANT, CHEMISTS TO THE U. S. PROHIBITION AGENT AT CHICAGO 1906, has been promoted to the position of bookkeeper in the purchasing agent's office; his salary has been raised from $1,200 a year to $1,700 a year. Mayor Moore's comment is: "This is simply a recognition of the services of a man who has been competent and faithful. His appointment is in the nature of a promotion which he had earned." The resources of the Charleston Mutual Savings Bank, in South Carolina, are $120, 000 after 10 months- of business. Edward T. Edwards is president. . James E. Herndon, a Negro retail produce dealer at Baltimore, Md., does an annual business of $40,000 and employs 6 assistants. The Fraternal Bank and Trust Company, of Durham, N. C , reports resources of $138,105 divided as follows: Loans and securities, $92,664; real estate, furniture and fixtures, $10,598; cash on hand and net amount due from banks, $34,843. Mr. W. S. Pearson is president. At Pittsburgh, Pa., George W. Walker has made a record in lath driving—in 4% hours he drove 2,250 laths. The average rate is 2,500-3,000 a day. In 50 seconds Mr. Walker drove 60 nails. The Fraternal Bank and Trust Company, THE CRISIS organized in 1912 at Fort Worth, Tex., reports resources of $306,738. The president is Thomas Mason; vice-president, H. W. Hightower; cashier, William M. McDonald. Nine months ago the Universal Development and Loan Company, of Washington, D. C , purchased 65 acres of land, paying $20,000 cash; a first trust of $12,500 has since been paid, and the trust released. The company is chartered for $100,000 and contemplates the operation of a coal, wood and lumber yard, an ice plant, a general building material warehouse and a sub-division of homes to be known as "Universal Heights". The president of the company is Charles E. Lane. In listing 110 Negro enterprises selected from advertising columns of leading newspapers, Charles E. Hall finds an aggregate capitalization of thirty million dollars. The enterprises are amusement parks; bakeries; banking, bonding, realty, investment, publishing, steamship, coal mining, stove, furniture, fire and life insurance companies; broom, casket, ice and clothing factories; building and loan associations; chain drug stores; chemical laboratories; co-operative grocery and department stores; finance and hotel and housing corporations; steam laundries; theatres; and wholesale commission houses. POLITICS . LULU M. SIMS, a colored woman in Chicago, has filed her petition as a candidate for alderman. C Of 172 candidates for deputy city marshal at St. Louis, Mo., among the 115 who passed the examination was a colored woman, Miss Sadie North. CRIME THE following lynchings have taken place since our last record: Port Allen, La., February 1, George Werner; shooting. Monroe, La., February 6, unidentified white man, burned; unknown. Wauchula, Fla., February 10, Ben Campbell, shot; attempting to attack a woman. Ocala, Fla., February 12, unknown Negro; assaulting woman. Odena, Ala., February 12, unknown Negro; murder. Athens, Ga., February 16, John Lee Eberhardt, burned; murder. Talbotton, Ga., February 17, Samuel Williams; unknown. Sheriff T. A. Grant, of Ouchita Parish, La., "forgot" to hang Loonie Eaton, a Negro convicted of murder, on February 4, and has inquired of Governor Parker as to what steps he shou'd take. G We are informed that Fred Douglass, reported as lynched, September 1, 1920, was convicted of murder and hanged by law in Dallas, Tex. THE CHURCH REEVE S MEMORIAL PRESBYTERI AN CHURCH has been organized in Philadelphia, in honor of the late Rev. Dr. John B. Reeves, who served as a pastor for 50 years. The church has 50 charter members. Under the rectorship of the Rev. Junius L. Taylor, St. Philip's Church in Richmond, Va., has become self-supporting. It is the first Negro congregation in the Diocesan Missionary Society to reach this state. Salem Baptist Church, Fall River, Mass., with a membership of 59 in a rally raised $3,500. The pastor is the Rev. L. G. Nichols. NATIONAL URBAN LEAGUE rT""HROUGH efforts of local Urban Leagues, universities in Boston, Chicago and Columbus, during the past year, conducted courses of lectures on "Race Relations" and made studies of living conditions among colored people. In Columbus a survey on housing was made by a graduate student of the Department of Sociology of Ohio State University. Investigations into the causes of delinquency and truancy were made under the direction of the League. Following a survey of living conditions in Louisville, Elmer A. Carter, as Executive Secretary of the Louisville Urban League, made successful application for its admission into the Community Welfare League which finances approved charities and social agencies. The "Neighborhood Department" of the St. Louis Urban League, which has for its object the reduction of juvenile delinquency, is using the public schools; L'Ouverture, Simmons and Dessalines Schools have se cured permits to conduct classes in plain sewing, fancy needlework, beading and folk dancing for neighborhood groups. Volun teer workers carry on these activities. The St. Louis League employs six workers, in cluding a dentist for school children. Mr. A. B. Nutt, of the Milwaukee Urban League, is covering a much needed field of THE HORIZON athletics for boys. He has three teams which are members of the Municipal League and are playing two to three games each week. Within the same group he has developed a dramatic club among the younger boys which has presented a health play so well that it has been repeated three times. The Kansas City Community Service Urban League reports the industrial situation to be very grave, with 200 men applying for every available job. Mid-day entertainments to keep up the morale of the unemployed have been provided through the help of the public schools which have furnished the talent. Colored home owners at the League's solicitation have assisted by providing odd jobs for the unemployed. Sixty-eight visits were made last month by Alverta M. Phillips, case worker for the New Jersey Urban League, in Newark, on the problems of family rehabilitation, in which the League co-operates with private and public social agencies. The Educational Committee of the National Urban League, in New York City, is receiving applications for the 1921-1922 social service fellowships, at least five of which are to be awarded in social service schools in New York, Chicago, Boston and Philadelphia. . The New York Urban League has organized for the American Social Hygiene Association a class in Social Hygiene, numbering 75 men and women social workers. The course extends over a period of six weeks. FRATERNITIES TH E 45th annual session of Free, Ancient and Accepted Masons, York Rite, has been held at Houston, Tex. The Grand Master, Mr. B. R. Adams, of Jasper, Tex., noted two pioneer Grand Masters of 25 years standing—Drs. W. H. Jackson and A. H. Hughes—and Walter Scott, who has been Grand Treasurer for 16 years. The Lodge has a temple which cost $12,550. Most Worshipful Hiram Grand Lodge of Masons of Delaware has held its 71st annual session. John L. Hubert, of Wilmington, is Grand Master. Royal Knights of King David, of Durham, N. C , has a membership of 26,000 in 5 states. The fraternity was organized in 1888. It owns a 3-story modern building. PERSONAL HENR Y E. CUNEY, the noted colored politician, has died in Washington, D. ., at the age of 64. He is the brother of the late Norris Wright Cuney, also of political fame. Mrs. M. E. Harris, wife of the late Bishop C. R. Harris, of the A. M. E. Church, is dead at Atlanta, Ga. She was the first matron of Livingstone College. Death has claimed Dr. W. T. Fuller at Suffolk, Va. He had been a practising physician for 20 years and served as president of the Phoenix Bank. SOCIAL PROGRESS TH E Governor of Wisconsin has appoint ed the Rev. Francis J. Peterson as a Negro representative at the Industrial and Commercial Exposition to be held in St. Louis, Mo., in 1923. Howard P. Carter, a Negro, has been ap pointed probation officer for Harris County, Texas. . A feature of the delinquent tax sales at Lexington, Ky., is that in the third, fifth, sixth and eighth magisterial districts, all Negro property owners paid their taxes; only 4 lots owned by Negroes were sold in the seventh district, and these because the owners were dead or the estate was in dispute. Mayor Babcock, of Pittsburgh, Pa., has re-appointed Attorney Robert L. Vann, a Negro, to the City Law Department. Mr. Vann will have charge of litigation affecting city properties and serve as counsel for the Department of Public Safety. His salary is $4,250 per year. The City Council of Chicago has voted to change the name of Forest Avenue to Giles Avenue, in honor of Lieutenant George Giles, of the 8th Illinois Regiment, who died in France. Attorney L. W. Johnson has been appointed Assistant Prosecuting Attorney of Wyandotte County, Kan. Mr. Johnson is a Negro attorney who has practised law in Kansas City for the last 20 years. (I Among public improvements at Okmulgee, Okla., during the present year is the erection of a Negro hospital at a cost of $50,000. Twenty-eight Negroes and one white person have been killed by a tornado at Oconee, Ga. Property loss is fixed at $500,000; 65 Negro homes were totally wrecked. (I Four Negroes at Springfield, Mass., have filed suits for $400 each against John Hall, a Negro barber, for discriminating against them because of his white trade. The legislature has passed the bill for THE 276 an appropriation of $300,000 for the con struction and equipment of a Negro tuber culosis hospital in Texas. A complimentary dinner has been given in honor of Dr. Charles E. Bentley, the Negro dentist of Chicago. Since 1888 Dr. Bentley has had published 31 articles and more than 50 papers on dentistry. He is an honorary member of the Wisconsin State Dental Society, the Freeman Dental Society, Washington, D. C ; a member of the National Dental Association, Chicago Dental Society, Northern Illinois Dental Society; and a life member of the Illinois State Dental Society. In 1866, Negroes owned 12,000 houses, operated 20,000 farms, conducted 2,100 business enterprises, and had $20,000,000. During the following 50 years the number of houses had increased to 600,000, the farms to 981,000, the business enterprises to 45,000 and the wealth to $1,110,000,000, with the addition of 70 banks and 400 periodicals. A Haitian mission has arrived in the United States. It consists of Stenio Vin cent, ex-Minister of the Interior of Haiti, and Pauleus Sannon, ex-Haitian Minister to the United States. Messrs. Vincent and Sannon say: "We are sent here by the Patriotic Union, a national Haitian organi zation, with branches in every town of the Haitian Republic, to acquaint the American people with the truth about conditions in Haiti, to make known Haitian aspirations for independence and to enlist American co operation in realizing those aspirations." Lucile E. Miller, a colored visiting nurse, has inaugurated a health exhibit at Public School 14, New York City. Sixteen hundred school-children attended within the first two days. Thomas Millard Henry, a Negro in New York, has been giving readings from his poems at the Y. M. C. A. and the Public Library. City Hospital No. 2, at St. Louis, Mo., is a 6-story fireproof building, which was purchased by the city for Negroes at a cost of $87,000. The hospital was opened in 1919. It has a visiting staff of 24 physicians, a house staff of 8 junior and 2 senior internes, a resident physician, a resident surgeon, 14 graduate nurses, who are paid from $90-100 per month, and provision for 30 pupil nurses, who are paid from $15-25 per month. The manager of the institution is Dr. Robert C. Haskell. CRISIS DARKWATER OR 20th Century Uncle Tom's Cabin Dr. DuBois' new book is the sensation of the day; selling like "wild fire." It contains a good picture of Dr. DuBois Price only $2.25. Order today. Satisfaction guaranteed or money refunded. AGENTS WANTED; send 50 cts. for outfit. AUSTIN JENKINS CO. BOOK AND BIBLE PUBLISHERS Catalog Free 523 9th St. N. W., Washington, D. C. BRAZIL DO YOU WANT LIBERTY AND WEALTH IN A LANB OF PLENTY? UNLIMITED OPPORTUNITY AND EQUALITY? Then Buy Land in Brazil Kindly Send 25c in Stamps for Our Booklet BRAZILIAN AMERICAN COLONIZATION SYNDICATE American Office S5J9J4 South State Street, Chicago, 111. Mention TH I CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 277 STORAGE BATTERY REPAIRING has been added to the Course in AUTO MECHANICS At The Prairie View State Normal &amp; Industrial College which has turned out more ENGINE REPAIRMEN, TRACTOR OPERATORS, CHAUFFEURS, MECHANICS &amp; AUTO ELECTRICIANS and VULCANIZERS than any other Automobile School for Negroes ADDRESS : Division of Mechanic Arts, Prairie View, Tex. 1227 S. 17th Street. THE CHILDREN'S THE STENOGRAPHERS' INSTITUTE Philadelphia, BUSINESS Pa. CLASS Why not study an efficient system of shorthand that la as easy for children to learn as adults. The C. B. O. of the Stenographers' Institute Is composed of children ranjrlnff In asea from 10 to 16 years. They won three medals In a Blindfolded Typewriting Contest last year; Evelyn Cook and Ella Houston, accuracy and merit; Inez Holland wrote 80 words per minute. Thirty-two of them are now studying Primary Shorthand {monn-syllabled words). Elementary Bookkeeping and Touch Typewriting. They meet for recitation every Saturday afternoon until publio school closes. During the summer they will attend 5 days par WEEK. ADULT CLASSES: There are more than 200 adult students on roll studying. SHORTHAND TYPEWRITING BOOKKEEPING COMMERCIAL LAW Spring term opens April 4th and Summer term June 1st Our certificated Stenographers are sought by Institutions of learning, T. M. C. A' s and Colleges and Business Men In several states of the Union are asking for them. Address THE STENOGRAPHERS* INSTITUTE P. 0. Box 3859, Phila., Pa., Edward T. Duncan, President MANASSAS INDUSTRIAL SCHOOL MANASSAS, VIRGINIA The Colored Teachers'Bureau Beautiful location. 191 acres, fourteen buildings. Di rect railroad connections. WILL HELP YO N GET • BETTER PAYING POSITION. The only school of its kind in historic Northern Virginia. REGISTER NOW REASONABLE TEEK1 State standard Four-Tear High School Course. Advanced Grade School. Business and Trade Address: Colored Teachers' Bureau Courses. BO X 22 , WILBERFORCE, O . High moral standards. Prepares boys and girls to become useful men and women; terms reasonable. For information address EDWARD D. HOWE, Principal IMPROVE YOURSELFI HELP OTHERS! Easy, pleasant, dignified $20 to $30 Per Week work. $2 per hour. Unusual opportunity. Send 50c in being made selling our new book "Progress stamps for membership, supand Achievements of the Colored People" by plies, etc Prof. Kelly Miller, showing the wonderful NATIONAL LITERARY ASSOCIATION doings and new opportunities of our race. 1230 TOD ST. N. W , WASH., D. C. Low prices, many pictures; lightning seller. Send 25c for agents' outfit today. STUDENTS! ATTENTION! AUSTIN JENKINS Co., 9th St, Washington, D. C. W e assist in preparing material for spe cial articles, papers, manuscripts, essays and WANTED orations. Proficient literary service. JOHN A. MARTIN, Secretary 70 Fifth Avenue, New York 2220 Sixth St., N. W., Washington D. C. Agents for THE CRISIS, Dignified Work NEW YORK SCHOOL OF CHIROPRACTIC NEW YORK, N. Y. A recognized institution for Chiropractic (KI-RO-PRAK-TIK) training offering a strictly residential course leading to degree of D. C. (Doctor of Chiropractic). Chiropractic, the world's foremost drugless healing science, is daily increasing in popularity because of the astounding results obtained in almost every human ailment. An unsurpassed opportunity is offered young men and women of character and ability. Tie school is well located and well equipped. The faculty is made up of men well known and recognized in the profession as capable practitioners and teachers. WRITE FOR PROSPECTUS DR. J. FREEMAN OTTO GERTRUDE MILLER-FAIDE Registrar Secretary 240 W. 138th STREET, NEW YORK, N. Y. MENTION Thi Ciisis. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 27th ANNUAL STATEMENT OF SOUTHERN AID SOCIETY OF VA., INC. (Condensed) The SOUTHERN AID SOCIETY OF VA., INC., notes with a high regard the timely and insistent demand of our people for Facts and Figures from corporations and institutions appealing to them for patronage and investment. The Southern Aid Society of Va., Inc., has annually published full and accurate statements of its Income and Disbursements, as well as its Assets and Liabilities: And it has given wide distribution of this matter to its membership and the public. This was done despite the criticism of competitors and other uninformed persons: who said that, "since our people were not up on financial matters, the time and money spent in preparing and publishing such information was simply a waste of efforts and good money." But the Southern Aid management knew that the race was making rapid strides of advancement in education, business and finance, and would, therefore, soon be alive to such matters. Today's "Show Me" spirit of our people compensates us for our efforts and convinces the critics that the people now demand more than Names and Promises as inducements for their support or investment. Therefore the Southern Aid Society of Va., Inc., takes great pleasure in spreading before the public its 27th Annual Financial Statement for consideration. Jan.Dec. 1, 1980, Cash B 81, 1920, Annualalance Bro Incomeught ForwardRECEIPTS  $145,076.94  712,647.58 Gross Receipts for 1920 $857,724.52 Dec. 31, 1920, Total Paid Out (InclDIudingSBURSEMENTS  investments made during the year) $759,036.35 Cash Balance, Dec. 31, 1920 $98,688.17 ASSETS LIABILITIES Cash Balance $ 98,688.17 Capital Stock $ 30,000.00 Real Est. (Free of all Liens) 803,252.67 Deposits of Employees 16,203.89 Real Estate Mortgages 71,599.60 Ledger Accounts 10,488.00 Federal, State and City Bonds 62,838.00 Furniture and Fixtures 7,000.00 SURPLUS FUN D 493,046 57 Bills Receivable 1,358.15 Inventories, Sundry Accts 4,001.87 Total $548,738.46 Total $548,738.46 CAPITAL AND SURPLUS $ 523,046.57 Total Amount of Claims Paid to December 31, 1920 $2,170,734.86 The above verified record of great achievement does not satisfy us: We are therefore planning for greater growth thru better and larger service to our policyholders in the hours of sickness, accidents and death: In opening more avenues of employment to more of our people: And by supporting and co-operating with other Race Enterprises. The unstinted and liberal support of our policyholders has made it possible for us to attain this splendid position in finance: Therefore the conservation of their best interests' shall always receive our first consideration. SOUTHERN AID SOCIETY OF VA., INC. Home Office: 527 N. Second St., Richmond, Va. District Offices and Agencies throughout the State of Virginia Write for your copy of the 2/th Annual Statement. Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 279 Soothing, the after-smart of shaving " -— " Madam C J. Wker s Witch Hazel Jelly A sharp razor and good lather are not enough to prevent a tingling smartness after the morning shave. An application of Madam Walker's Witch Hazel Jelly soothes the skin, prevents chap and assures comfort after shaving. 35 centi of Agents and Druggists Made by the Mme.C.J.Walker Mfg. Co., 640NorthWest St., Indianapolis, Ind Mention TH E CRISIS. 280 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER MISS MADELINE ALLISON SHOPPER Through a special concession, which saves you two profits, I am able to send you this skirt by prepaid delivery for only $4.98. The material is double warp all wool navy serge. It is a tailored model —with two French pockets, a wide all around belt of the material, and braid and button trimmings. It has a side plaquet and a deep hem. Waist sizes — 23 to 32 inches. Lengths —34 to 41 inches. This is an exceptional bargain. Order early! Room 622,70 Fifth Avenue - NEW YORK, N. Y. (Refers by permission to the Editor of the Crisis.) LIVE IN NEW YORK The Queens Apartment House Association is a corporation organized under the laws of the State of New York. The object of the corporation is to build homes and apartment houses in Corona, New York City. Corona is a beautiful suburban section of New York City; beautiful homes, good schools and a delightful church life. It is in easy reach of all parts of the city and 18 minutes from the business center of the city. One of the best investments that can be made is in New York City Real Estate. Thousands of homes needed and every apartment could be rented at once. INVESTIGATE Queens Apartment House Association 46 East Jackson Ave. Corona, N. Y. City. Mention TB I CEIIII. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER YOU MUST ACT QUICKLY IF YOU WANT TO SECURE LOTS IN BEAUTIFUL ORCHARDVILLE, UNDER OUR DEVELOPMENT PLAN, FOR ON VERY ONLY 56$ EASY TERMS Now that business is picking up again, there i.&gt; out extra cost. The terms are only $6.00 down going to be a GREATER DEMAND FOR and $3.00 a month per lot. Smaller terms per ORCHARDVILLE LOTS than ever before he-lot when more than one are purchased. NO cause people who have delayed buying will now INTEREST. carry out their plans to secure Orchardville lots Do not pass this offer by without first getting all BEFORE THEY ARE ALL SOLD. Only a the details. We have a beautiful booklet that VERY LIMITED NUMBER are left which will contains all the particulars of this offer and abe sold under our attractive development plan, number of excellent scenes; also one that contains and it is important that all those who wish to several letters from people who have been to secure lots ACT QUICKLY. Orchardville, as well as other interesting infor mation. These booklets are worth reading. Ail The lots are size 30 x 144 Feet and each one you need do in order to receive them is to write will have FIVE FRUIT TREES on it and one your name and address on ttte coupon attached BEAUTIFUL SHADE TREE, which we will take below and mail it to us RIGHT AWAY. Trucare of for FOUR YEARS WITHOUT EXTRA booklets will be sent to you by return mail. DON'T DELAY THIS BECAUSE THE LOTS The lots are sold under a MONEY BACK GUAR ARE GOING FAST AND THE SUPPLY IS ANTEE and the TITLE is ABSOLUTELY GROWING SMALLER EVERY DAY. Send CLEAR. It is conveyed by Warranty Deed withthe coupon RIGHT NOW. COST. ADDRESS Arenson Realty Development Corporation 19 S. La Salle Street -:--:- CHICAGO, ILL. WRITE PLAINLY ARENSON REAI/TY DEVPT . C03 &gt;. 1 I Chicago, 111. | 1 Date 1921 Gentlemen:— I am interested in your Orchardville offer and would like to receive a copy of each of ' I your booklets without any obligation to me. | Name i | Address ] Town State I CHI-4-21 | Mention TJ' « CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER MADE TO MEASURE $13.50 EXPRESS OR POSTAGE PREPAID This offer is one of the biggest, most generous ever made by any tailoring house. It's your one big opportunity to get a finely tail-ored-to-measure 2-piece suit with box back, superbly trimmed and cut in the latest city style for only $13.50. WE'RE OUT TO BEAT HIGH TAILORING PRICES Your own local tailor couldn't and wouldn't make you a suit for $13.50, let alone supply the cloth, linings and trimmings. Why not save 50% on your next suit? We have such a tremendous business, buy all our materials in such large quantities and have such a perfect organization that we can make these wonderful prices—and remember we guarantee style, fit and workmanship or irnnr mnnoir hop!/ You Save $8 to$| | This suit for $13.50 clearly proves our supremacy in the tailoring field. We offer dozens of equally good values. Let's tell || » p I A It*l youaboutthem. We would rather you did Dig OoltiPIS UUTTll llltt not send us any money until we send our " " Write us today and we will mail you absolutely FREE our beautifully illustrated pattern book showing dozens of the latest city styles and designs, also many large size cloth samples to choose from. You will be simply thunderstruck at the exceptional values we are offering this year. Don't delay; we urge you to act quick; today! THE PROGRESS TAILORING CO. Dept. 606, CHICAGO THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Cleota Collins, 	Genuine Blue-Bell $2.29 Lyric Soprano "She combines an excellent voice with artistic fin- Chambray Shirts ish of the most mature kind. Her singing proved as charming as anything the concert programs will offci this season."—Detroit Daily News. GEOEGE LACY, Manager, 156 Hamilton Avenue Columbus. Ohio LULA ROBINSON-JONES Soprano Available for Concerts Telephone 6393 MoKpingtide 174 W. 136th StrMt Now York, N. Y. E. ALDAMA JACKSON Graduate of Institute of Muiical Art Organist-Director of Music of S t Marks M. £ Church; Concert Accompanist; Piano, Voice, Theory, Instruction, Conducting, Coaching. today sure. Great-Harmony taught from beginning to comest shirt offer ever made. 3 fine heavy Buie pletion. Private or correspondence. Chambray shirts for work and Bemi-dress gu&lt;dr- Geothius system. anteed fast color and worth $1.50 each, only $2.29. vou AND fHIADAUTEE If can match these Studio: 250 W. 138th St., New York, N. Y. UUn UUAnANICC 3 wonderful shirts for Telephone Mornings.de 1708. less than $4.50, and do not think you have saved at least $2.50, return at our expense. Don't pay high A MONEY GETTER because It Is A CROWD GETTER retail prices. Order today sure, before it ie too late. Churches and Clubs looking for a play that will afford an WE PAY DELIVERY OHARGES TO YOUR DOOR, erenlng of SI da-Splitting Fun, should hare 	another big saving. All 3 shirts $2.29. Give neck size. BERNARD-HEWITT &amp; COMPANY Desk F 91Q W. Van Buren St., CHICAGO The Slabtown Convention An entertainment In one act; full of wit tod good humor. Scores of churches hare cleared from CROCHET BEADING TAUGHT One to Two Hundred Dollars In One Night PRICE, BOi. MISS NANNIE H. BURROUGHS, Author BY MAIL—ALL BRANCHES $5 Lincoln Height*. Washington. D. C Learn at Home How to do Crochet Beading f orreetly and Speedily on DRESSES, WAISTS. BAGS, AGENTS EARN $75.00 A WEEK HATS, SLIPPEBS, ETC,, Willi nil kinds i.f Beads. Selling our Enlarged Photo MeBugles, Spangles, Fringes, Twists, Loops, Etc. dallions, Photo Cuff Button, Tho only Aotliorif ative Correspondence Courses on Photo LockeLa, Photo Watch Crochet Beading ever published. Contains 21 illusCharms, Photo Breast Pins, trated chans with detailed explanations bv Mme. Photo Clocks and Bertha La Mers, International Art Needlework AuLife Size Porthority. trait (16 z 20). We copy from ALSO 10-day TRADE COURSE AT SCHOOL $7 50. an y Photograph WORK Gl'ARANTEED WHEN YOU FINISH and Saturn Your SCHOOL	 COURSE. Original Photo. Classes in all branches of Art Needlework. Art EmAgents' Enlarged broidery, Perforating, and Stamping, at the Studio. Samples GOc. Negro Books. Pictures and Post MME.	 B. LA MERS LA MERS STUDIO Cards. Prompt Shipments. 100H Agents and Dealers Wanted. Free Catalog. Bethel Art 34S WEST 58th ST., NEW YORK, N. Y. Co., 97 South St , Jamaica. N. Y. TELEPHONE COLUMBUS 617 TWO GREAT BOOKS for $2.50 NO LIBRARY COMPLETE WITHOUT THEM (1)	 The History of the Negro Kace and Negro Soldiers in the Spanish-American War, Dating Back to Egypt and the Pharoas—400 pages, 50 illustrations. (Retails alone for $1.26.) Was adopted as a textbook by North Carolina State Board of Education. (2)	 The Pictorial History of the Negro in the Great World War , giving a brilliant historical sketch, a description of battle eceues by Colonel Haywood, of the Fighting Fifteenth New York, Capt. Marshall, Sergeant Steptoe, Ralph Tyler and others, with 160 excellent pictures of officers and men and war views. (Sells alone for $-2.00.) Joit Think, only $2.50 for these two great books. Agents wanted everywhere, large commissions paid ADDRESSi E. A. JOHNSON, 17 Wo t 132nd Street, New York, N.Y. Mention Ta i Caian. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER "The Newspaper of the Hour" New York Dispatch BE A LAND OWNER! Featuring— Less Crime Less Scandal MORE SUBSTANTIAL NEWS—Better Written Also— Fearless Editorials A Woman's Page Live Sporting and Theatrical News SAMPLE COPY FREE Subscription: $1.50 per Year NEW YORK DISPATCH 21 W. 134th Street, New York, N. Y. AGENTS WANTED EVERYWHERE CROCHET BEADING TAUGHT $5 Work guaranteed to all learners after completing instruction. Learn Direct From Big- Manufacturer We need 200 Learners immediately..Call all week. PARISIAN CROCHET BEADERS 340-342 West 42nd Street New York, N. Y. Prices Slashed Men's or Women's Sweater Bargain This extra fine quality heavy weight wo men's sweat er is now of fered at less than pre-war prices. SEND NO MONEY Send your n*.tne and address, giving size and color wanted, and we will send you sweater by mail postpaid. On deliv ery, pay mailman: our low bargarn price of $2.69. Your money back if $06 9 PAY WHEN not pleased, DELIVERED Sweater is made of high grade yarn, large shawl collar, two knitted-in pockets, and broad, loose, detachable belt. Colors, fjray or Blue. Sizes 32 to 46. Why pay more for a sweater when you can get this guaranteed bargain for only $2.69? Men's sweater] comes without belt. Order one or more of these bargain sweaters now. Women's sweater. No. 191B530. Men's sweater, . No. 191B921. (29) THE HOWARD-LUX COMPANY Dept. 191 319 Lakeside Ave., Cleveland, Ohio Enjoy that proud, self-satisfied and independ ent feeling- that comes with the ownership of a fine country estate. Invest your sav ings where they will he safe and where they can some day earn you maximum re turns. Get away from the turmoil of the city, the lay-offs, strikes, congestion, high cost of living-, etc. If you act QUICKLY you can secure a Woodville country estate con sisting of 10, 20 or 40 acres in a fine loca tion in Michigan, on very easy terms, FOR ONLY $32 .50 PER ACRE FREE TOWN LOT with each 10 acre tract, also a SPECIAL ADVERTISING DISCOUNT to those who act AT ONCE. The tract is well located, RIGHT ON A RAILROAD, with the station right there. The land is high and dry and sold under a MONEY BACK GUARANTEE. The TITLE is ABSOLUTELY CLEAR. Send for our BEAUTIFUL BOOK LET and get all the details of this offer without any ohligaton to you. It contains a great many good views of the property, as well as interesting information. Simply, ask for a WOODVILLE booklet and mention the Crisis. Write your name and address plainly. SEND FOR YOUR COPY TODAY because the tracts are going FAST. Address ARENS0N REALTY DEVELOPMENT CORP. 19 S. La Salle St Chicago, III. A well established Corporation doing a half million dollar business yearly, desires the services of an intelligent, live-wire man or woman to take charge and sell a block of stock in a nationally known concern. Only those wanting to connect themselves with a permanent organization where good services are quickly recognized and repaid need apply. Address Sales Manager BERESFORD GALE CORPORATION GALE BUILDING 413 South Broad Philadelphia, Pa. Send No Money Profit Smashing Bargain — Just send your name, address, size and color for 6 pairs of these handsome, durable,j?enuine Duo-Web silk socks. Pay only $2.80 fo six pairs on arrival. GUARANTEED $6.00 VALUE. Wonderful quality, extra heavy silk. Elastic ribbed top. Double toe and. sole, high, spliced, heel. Choice of brown or black. Fast colors. Write today for thisastoundingoffer. Limited Quantity. Only 6 pairs to a customer. SMASHShipped delivery ING charges oaid. Pay OFFER only S3.19 on 6 PAIRS arrival. Money SILK back if you can SOCKS Guaran. match them for $6.00. teed Dept. 0444 56 value. Don't send penny. Poy BERNARD-HEWITT 8 CO.. 900 W. Van BurerCcflicAGO Mention TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER DOWN GO BADGE PRICES LODGES TAKE NOTICE BIG REDUCTIONS IN PRICES ON BADGES Get our price list for your society and save money. In our new and permanent home we have ample equipment to give prompt service. Let this old reliable race enterprise serve you whatever your needs. Reductions on all regalia. CENTRAL REGALIA CO. 641 W. 9th St., Cincinnati, Ohio JOS. L. JONES, Sr.. Pres. JOS. L. JONES, JR., Manager. HOTEL DALE SEND NO MONEY CAPE MAY, N. J. SMASHING SHOE OFFER Rush your order in this minute for a pair of the famous AMERICAN EAGLE Muneon^ last, semi - dresfl and work shoe. Worth 86.00. Now 53.39. Made of tan or blafk. genuine chrome lea ther. Heavy extension soles. Special tanning process makes them Eroof against acids .and dlows toncrue manea them waterproof. We guarantee to refund money if you can match them for leaa than $6.00. Comfort and Elegance Without Extravagance This Magnificent Hotel, Located in the Heart of the Most Beautiful Seashore Resort in the World, Guaranteed 8 Honthi' Wear is replete with every modern improvement, superlaDon't wait. Only limited quantity.. Be rare tive in construction, appointments, service and reto get yours. Get in on this amazing oner. fined patronage. Orchestra daily, garage, bath houses; State size and color. We pay shipping charges. tennis, etc, on premises. Special attention given to BERNARD-HEWITT &amp; COMPANY ladies and children. Dept CMUa gOO W. Van Buren, CHICAGO Send for booklet. Sanitarium added with Dr. C. A. Lewis of the University of Penn. in attendance. FOUR OUTSTANDING BOOKS ON THE NEGRO PROBLEM The Negro Faces America—Herbert J. Seligmann $1-75 Darkwater—W. E. K. DuRois 2.25 The Soul of John Brown—Stephen Graham 3.00 The Shadow—Marv White Ovington 2.00 Total . .' $9.00 1 year's subscription to TH E CRISIS 1.50 //' taken all in one order. . .$9.00 ^IO-5o TH E CRISIS 70 Fifth Avenue NEW YORK, N. Y. Mention THE CRISIS ADVERTISER OUR LATEST CATALOG WILL BE MAILED TO YOU UPON REQUEST We are positively the only Manufacturers of HUMAN HAIR GOODS who specialize and cater direct to the Colored People. Our Wigs, Switches, Transformations, Bobs and Braids are strictly handmade—of the finest qualities of real Human Hair Goods and manufactured under the supervision of MME. BAUM, by the most skillful artists in the trade. Try Mme. Baum's Celebrated Scalp and Face Preparations which are made of the finest ingredients and are the most satisfying to the person using them. We carry the largest selection of Hairdressers' Tools and Accessories. Mme. Baum's Bob gives the appear ance of wearing the hair bobbed, but makes cutting unnecessary. Mad e MME. BAUM'S of strictly Supreme Quality human hair, with natural MAIL ORDER HOUSE waves, sewed on Velvet Ribbon, fitted with three tuck Combs to Our Factory is Located at hold secure. In all shades. Price, $5.50. 80 FOURTH AVE. NEW YORK, N. Y. When writing, mention this paper. SEND NO MONEY Write quick for this amazing underwear bargain. Onl y limited quantity. Wonderful quality genuine French Balbriggan union suit. Greatest value ever offered. Each suit worth $2.00. UNION $289 SUITS for g Mail postcard or letter to- f day Bure, this very minute, for 3 union suits, extra ,« full cut, short winged V sleeves, ankl e length. 1 neatly trimmed throughout, I very silky in appearance, will give splendid wear. SEND NO MONEY. Pay only $2.89 on arrival. WE PAY DE LIVERY CHARGES, another | big saving. WE GUARANTEE TO REFUND YOUR MONEY IF YOU CAN MATCH THESE 3 WONDERFUL UNION SUITS FOR $6.00. Order this amazing bargain this minute before it is too late. Sizes 34 to 46. Just give name, address, and breast measure. BERNARD-HEWITT &amp; CO. V J 0144 900 W. Van Buren SI.,CHICAGO Rush your order in today sure. Genuine Swoizene shirt material, extra fine count, very high luster. Latest effects, most beautiful black, blue and lavender stripes. Guaranteed fast colors, rich looking, wear better than silk. Cut extra full, coat front style, soft French turn-back cuffs. l to refund your money im-W e laUarantee mediately if you can match these shirts tor less than S6.50. Don't pay high retail priceB. Order yours today sure, before it is too late. Delivery charges paid—another bigBavlng. Send no money, all three shirtB S3.59 a O. D. Give neck size. Bernard-Hewitt &amp; Co. Dept. E 0444 900 W. Van Buren St., Chicago "MAKE YOUR SWEETHEART HAPPY" Send us a picture of your relative, sweetheart, or of yourself and let us put it on one of our Photo Pillow Tops. GUARANTEED LIKENESS. These Photo Pillow Tops can be washed and ironed without injury. Tell us your birth-month, l our photo returned unharmed. Special prices given to clubs, etc., in dozen lots. Send your order today. Don't wn.it. (Size 18 x 18. Blue, Pink, White, Golden-rod.) Postage paid. SATEEN, $2.24—SILK. $3.49. B " 299 WALNUT STREET THE TALBERT PRESS BUFFALO, n. t. Mention The Crisis. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER WANTED WANTED Live Agenti At Once To Sell HIGH GRADE AGENTS DUDLEY'S FAMOUS AUTO POLISH for furniture, pianos, ohuroh pews, hardwood floors and hundreds of other things WANTED that have a varnished surfaoe, Makes them look like new. Agents can make $60.00 to 175.00 per week selling Dudley's Polish to furniture dealers, drug stores, hardware stores, churches, housekeepers, automobile stores, paint stores and grocery stores. Special Offer: For 90 days we will ship to all new agents $10.00 worth of Dudley's Polish for $5.00. Take advantage of this special offer at once. Dudley &amp; Porter Manufacturing Co. lit South Main St., Muskogee, Okla. TevTepJaettto, Baring 7794 ISADORE MARTIN MEN AND WOMEN To sell LAND in tracts of 10 and 20 acres each at a low price. This is a very attractive proposition to purchaser and agents and a live-wire worker can make BIG money each week by handling it. Good commission, excellent selling plan, plenty of co-operation, and a reliable firm behind you. The conditions in the city have become such as to make people realize the desirability of getting out into the country, and the demand for tracts of land like the kind we offer at Woodville, Michi Real Estate and Insurance Notary Public Mortgages 6 North 42nd Street, Philadelphia, Pa. Tel. 6M7 Fort Hill Cable Address, Epben EDGAR P. BENJAMIN Attokkit and Counsellor-at-Law 14 School Street Boston, Miss . "SOME DON'TS" TtfJS. nents. " A Programm e for Life." Agent s Wanted. Price 10c Try the 5c and 10c. stores. A. R. Gillespie, 2272 East 97th St., Cleveland, Ohio. Send No Money Snap this bargain up right now before it is too late. Only limited quantity. Amazing underwear bargain. Greatest ever made. UNION $060 1 SUITS for fc— Send postcard or letter today — this very minute, forthese three athletic style, white dimity check summer union suits, cut full, well made, wear splendid. Send No Money — pay only S2.60 C.O.D. on arrival, no more; We pay delivery charges, another big saving. WE GUARANTEE TO REFUND YOUR MONEY if you can match these three wonderful summer union suits for $4.50. Order this amazing bargain this minute before it is too late. Just give name, address and breast measure. BERNARD-HEWITT &amp; CO. Dept. G 0444 CHICAGO gan, is going to be greater this year than ever before. If you have a good following and would like to earn big money handling this offer, send for full particulars AT ONCE. Address ARENSON REALTY DEVELOPMENT CORP. 19 S. La Salle St. Chicago, 111. SPEND YOUR VACATION AT The moit wonderfully Ideal spot where young uid old cast aside for the time all the cares and worries of their strenuous, nerve-racking routine Uvea and romp and play once more as children and enjoy to the full nature In all her wondrous glory. The waters of the lake and surrounding trout streams are fairly teeming with game flah of the best varieties. Do you enjoy bathing, boating, fishing, hunting I Do you enjoy roaming through the woods picking wild flowers and wild berries 7 Do you want a place to go where you can build up your health, vitality, energy and business efficiency f Do yo-i enjoy mingling with the active, thinking, /progressive people of tbe day—people who do things? * Do you believe In progress and do you want to /have a part In one of the most progressive move-* men to of the time? Surely I / Then you will be Interested In, and want to . own a lot of your own In Beautiful Idlewild, / Michigan. If you act at once you can ~ cure a beautiful lot for only $35.00 $6.00 cash; $1.00 per week. When your payments are completed the lot will bi transferred to you by an absolu** warranty deed with abstract show ing clear title. Good live energetic agents wanted Idlewild Resorl Company 1110 Hartford Bldj So. Dearborn Si. Cbicaf*. ID. Mention T he Crisis. 288 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER NATIONAL CAPITAL CODE OF ETIQUETTE Combined with SHORT STORIES FOR COLORED PEOPLE ETIQUETTE PART i A Book absolutely in a class by itself. Interesting, instructive, handsomely illustrated. Wonderful pictures of Washington's prominent colored Society leaders on the street; at the Theatre; at Church; in the Home; at Receptions, Balls. Parties, Weddings, Dinners, &amp;c, &amp;c. The illustrations are so perfect and natural that the well bred, correctly clothed men and women almost speak to you. Learn how to dress and conduct yourself on any and all occasions; correct dress for men and women; suggestions in colors and materials for the ladies; hints as to footwear, hats, appropriate combinations, &amp;c, for both sexes. What to serve your guests at breakfast, lunch or dinner. How to converse intelligently; how to know when to talk and when to remain silent; how to make friends and gain popularity. A book that will help the most prominent member of society or the most humble. STORIES PART 2 A wonderful collection of Short Stories for Young and Old. Stories that will hold your attention from start to finish. By the most famous colored writer of Short Stories in America. Stories of Adventure Stories of Pluck Stories of Bravery Stories of Success Stories of School Days Stories of Great Men Stories for Father, Mother or the Children. Funny Stories; Stories that will bring the tears to your eyes; Stories once started must be finished before laying aside the book. Handsomely illustrated—pictures that seem to live throughout the story. Illustrating Table Manners A Book you will want Must have in your home Agents Wanted A most excellent Gift We are looking for 1000 hustlers, men Over fifty pages of pleasing pictures taken and women. Our offer will pay you posifrom best photographs. A BIG BOOK, tively $4 to $9 per day. One agent made containing over 400 pages. The people $21 the first day. Such an opporare much pleased with this new publicatunity comes but once in a lifetime. tion and are sending thousands of orders AGENTS' SAMPLE showing specimen to us. Order today. We send by insured pages and the pictures and covers of book, parcel post; return your money if not will be mailed to you for 25 cents. Ii perfectly satisfied. Price. ONL Y $2.50 represents exactly the complete book. cloth; $3 50 half morocco like picture. Write today. Send 25 cents for agents' outfit to-day. AUSTIN JENKINS CO. Publishers of the Life and Works of Dunbar, Douglass, Booker T. Washington, Kelly Miller and Du Bois. Send for Catalog. Mention TH E CRISIS. If I send you a Suit made to your measure in the 1atest style, from choicest fabrics, would you be willing to keep and wear it, show it to your friends and let them see our beauti ful samples and dashing new styles? Could You Use $10 a Day for a Little Spare Time? Perhaps I can offer you a steady job. If you will write me a letter or a postal at once and say: "Send me your special offer," I will send you samples and styles to pick from and my new surprising liberal offer. Banner Tailoring Co.Dept927Chicago, FREE SAMPLE BOOK COUPON Banner Tailoring Company, Dept. 927, Chicago, 111. Gentlemen: Please send me your big NEW book of Samples and Styles and your Special Offer. Everything free and postpaid. Name Postoffice Street and No. R. F. D Box Stale Nile Queen Preparations "FOR HAIR and SKIN" Scientifically manufactured to meet your particular beauty requirements NILE QUEEN Hair Beautiner NILE QUEEN Cold Cream NILE QUEEN Vanishing Cream NILE QUEEN Liquid Cold Cream NILE QUEEN Face Powder Pink, Fiesh, White, Brunette and Cream Brown 30c EACH POSTAGE 5c EXTRA The country-wide demand for NILE QUEEN preparations has become so great that they are on sale at most drug stores and first class beauty shops. If your dealer or agent cannot -_— -— ^ s 1 supply you, send us his name with your order. mm.m*jbTj FREE — Beauty Book ===== KASHMIR CHEMICAL CO. 3423 Indiana Avenue Dept. K Chicago, Illinois