The Crisis . Crisis May 1918 Frank Walts NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE Secretary MOORFIELD STOREY President JOHN R. SHILLADY Chairman Board of Directors Director of Publications and Research MAJOR J. E. SPIXGARN DR. W. E. B. DUBOIS Acting Chairman of the Board Field Secretary MARY WHITE OVINGTON JAMES WELDON JOHNSON Treasurer Assistant Secretary OSWALD GARRISON VILLARD WALTER F. WHITE The N. A. A. C. P. has no endowments. It is supported entirely by voluntary contributions and membership fees. It appeals to all fair-minded citizens, white and colored, to join in the effort to secure simple justice under the law for colored citizens. Heretofore the Association has not had money enough adequately to carry on the fight. Join now and help The Moorfield Storey Drive for 50,000 MEMBERS Negroes in many states are disfranchised, discriminated against, "Jim-Crowed," lynched, denied equal protection of the laws, equal educational advantages for their children, and equal economic opportunity. National honor demands justice for all citizens. If every reader of The Crisis will become a member, the Association's work can be made more effective. DO IT NOW. Date , 1918. The Crisis is sent without further charge to members paying two dollars or more. OSWALD GARRISON VILLARD, Treasurer, 70 Fifth Avenue, New York. SIR: I enclose $ in payment of membership dues for one year in the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, with the stipulation that one dollar of any amount remitted herewith in excess of one dollar is for one year's subscription to TH E CRISIS. Name Street City and State TH E CRISIS A RECORD OF THE DARKER RACES PUBLISHED MONTHLY AND COPYRIGHTED BY THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE, AT 70 FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK CITY. CON DUCTED BY W. E. BURGHARDT DU BOIS; AUGUSTUS GR\NVILLE DILL, BUSINESS MANAGER Contents for May, 1918 PICTURES Page COVER. Portrait of Matty Thomas in "Chu Chin Chow." By Frank M. Walts. (See page 29.) MEN OF THE MONTH 14 THE LYNCHING AT MONROE, LA 20 MIDNIGHT AUDIENCE. Booker Washington Theatre, St. Louis, Mo 26-27 "THE BUFFALOES." The 367th Infantry, N. A 28 ARTICLES A LEGEND OF THE BLUE JAY. By Ruth Anna Fisher 12 AGAIN IT IS THE VIBRANT MAY. A Poem. By Georgia Douglas Johnson. 12 THE AFRO-PORTUGUESE. By P. E. Pereira 13 THE BURNING OF JIM McILHERRON. An N. A. A. C. P. Investigation. By Walter F. White 16 DEPARTMENTS EDITORIAL 7 MEN OF THE MONTH 15 THE LOOKING GLASS 21 THE HORIZON 30 THE JUNE CRISIS The June Crisis will be Soldiers' Number. The cover in colors will be from the poster painted for the Circle for Negro War Relief by Robert Edmund Jones. There will be special letters from the cantonments and portraits of Negro officers. Articles will deal with the black man's part in this war. TEN CENTS A COPY; ONE DOLLAR A YEAR FOREIGN SUBSCRIPTIONS TWENTY-FIVE CENTS EXTRA RENEWALS: The date of expiration of each subscription is printed on the wrapper. When the subscription is due, a blue renewal blank is enclosed. CHANGE OF ADDRESS: The address of a subscriber can be changed as often as desired. In ordering a change of address, both the old and the new address must be given. Two weeks' notice is required. MANUSCRIPTS and DRAWINGS relating to colored people arc desired. They will be received at the sender's risk, but if postage is enclosed effort will be made to return them safely, if unavailable. Entered as second class matter November 2, 1910, at the post office at New York, New York, under the Act of March 3, 1879. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER THE NATIONAL TRAINING SCHOOL DURHAM, N. C. Open to Students of Either Sex. It is more than a mere school. It is a community at service and uplift. Its influence is destined to be felt in all sections of the country in improved Negro community life wherever our trained workers locate. The following departments are already in successful operation: Teacher Training, Industrial, Literary, Academic and Collegiate, Commercial, Missionary, Theological, Household Economics and Departments of Music. theandIn equipment and teaching it is not surpassed by any Education of Negro Youth in the South. The next term opened Monday, October I , 1917. For detailed information, address  School cata for log President, JAMES E. SHEPARD, DURHAM --- NORTH CAROLINA The A. &amp; T. Summer School The Agricultural and Technical College The Nineteenth Annual Session begins June 24, 1918, and continues six weeks. Pleasant surroundings, strong fac ulty, attractive courses. Teachers are advised to send Registration Fee at once and secure lodging in advance. A Teachers' Institute, under the management of Experts, will be conducted co-incidentally with the last two weeks of the session. Registration Fee: to new students $2.00 " " : to former students 51.00 For information as to Summer School, Institute or for catalog, address THE CHEYNEY TRAINING SCHOOL FOR TEACHERS CHEYNEY, PENNA. For reasonably mature students who have a good secondary school preparation, and who desire to become teachers, courses are offered during the regular term in academic work, domestic science, domestic art, physical training, elementary school methods, wood and metal working, and agriculture. Board and laundry privileges for the year $125. Fall term begins "Wednesday, September 18, 1918. The Summer School for Teachers, from July 1st to July 31st, inclusive, will this year offer primary methods, English, mathematics, history, civics and geography, plain sewing and dressmaking, raffia work and basketry, art needle work, cookery, wood and metal working, physical training, and gardening. Dormitory space is limited, and applications should be made early. Cost for the four weeks $15.00. For further information write to PRESIDENT DUDLEY, LESLIE PINCKNEY HILL, Greensboro, N. C. Principal. Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 5 Atlanta University Is beautifully located in the City of Atlanta, Ga. The courses of study include High School, Normal School and Collage, with manual training and domestic science. Among the teachers are graduates of Yale, Harvard, Dartmouth and Wellesley. Forty-eight years of succeesful work have been completed. Students come from all parts of the South. Graduates are almost universally successful. For further information address President EDWARD T. WARE ATLANTA,, GA. Knoxville College Beautiful Situation. Healthful Location. The Best Moral and Spiritual Environment. A Splendid Intellectual Atmosphere. Noted for Honest and Thorough Work. Offers full courses in the following departments: College, Normal, High School, Grammar School and Industrial. Good water, steam heat, electric lights, good drainage. Expenses very reasonable. Fall Term Began September 19, 1917. For Information address President R. W. Mc GRANAHAN KNOXVILLE, TENN. THE FLORIDA A. &amp; M. COLLEGE Tallahassee, Florida Offers long and short courses in Mechanic Arts, in Home Economics in Agriculture, in Education and in Science. for Catalog Address NATHAN B. YOUNG, President P. O. DRAWER 524 1870 CLARK UNIVERSITY 1917 SOUTH ATLANTA GEORGIA Most beautiful campus of 70 acres, commodious buildings with modern conveniences. High Scholarship — Talented Faculty — Well equipped library and laboratories—Literary societies—Athletics—Co-educational—Expenses very low. $100 per year of eight months will pay tuition, hoard, room, etc. Comfortable dormitories with steam heat and gas light COURSES OF STUDY Domestic Science for girls, cooking, sewing, dressmaking and embroidery. Pre-Academy—7th and 8th grades. Academy—Four years with diploma. Pre-Medical— Two years above academy. College—Four years leading to A. B. degree. Normal—Five years above grades with diploma. First Semester opened October 8, 1917. HARRY ANDREWS KING, President. ST. MARY'S SCHOOL An Episcopal boarding school for girls, under the direction of the Sisters of St Mary. Address: THE SISTER-IN-CHARGE 609 N. 43d St W. Philadelphia, Pa. MOREHOUSE COLLEGE (Formerly Atlanta Baptist College) ATLANTA GA College, Academy, Divinity- School An institution famous within recent years for its emphasis on all sides of manly develop ment—the only institution in the far South devoted solely to the education of Negro young men. Graduates given high ranking by greatest northern universities. Debating, Y. M. C. A„ athletics, all live features. For information address JOHN HOPE, President WILEY UNIVERSITY MARSHALL, TEXAS Recognized as a college of the First Class by Texas and Louisiana State Boards of Education. Harvard, Yale and Columbia represented on its faculty; students gathered from ten different states. Strongest Music Department in the West M W. DOGAN, President FISK UNIVERSITY NASHVILLE. TENN. Founded 1866 Thorough Literary, Scientific, Educational, Musical and Social Science Courses. Pioneer in Negro music. Special study in Negro life. Ideal and sanitary buildings and grounds. Well-equipped Science building. Christian home life. High standard of independent manhood and womanhood. For literature, etc., write FAYETTE AVERY McKENZIE, President Morris Brown University Atlanta, Ga. Co-Educational The largest institution of learning in the South owned and controlled by Negroes. Faculty of specialists. trained in some of the best universities in the North and in the South. Noted for high standard of scholarship; industrial emphasis and positive Chris tian influence. Well equipped dormitories; sane athletics under faculty supervision. Expenses reasonable. Location central and healthful. Departments: Theology, College, Preparatory, Normal, Commercial, Musical, Domestic Science, Nurse Training, Sewing, Printing and Tailoring. First Semester began September 27, 1917. For further information address W. A. FOUNTAIN, President BISHOP J. S.FLIPPER, Chairman Trustee Board. Mention TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER LIVINGSTONE COLLEGE SALISBURY, N. C. A Religions Co-Educational School with a Tradition Open to All Negroes: Only Merit Counts Students come from Twenty-nine States in the Union, from Canada, Africa, the West India Islands and Central America. And Graduates Make Good. Salisbury, North Carolina, an Ideal Place for Study with a Mild, Equable Climate, Pure Water, Breezes from Pine and other Forests a Constant Tonic—the Greatest Degree of Healthfulness. New	 Girls' Dormitory with all Modern Conveni ences Accommodating 210 just Completed and Ready Courses of Study: Grammar School, Academy, Normal, College, Divinity, Music and Industries for Boys and Girls. Expenses Moderate. Thirty-sixth Session Opened Wednesday, October 3, 1917. For Further Information Address D. C. SUGGS, President or J. E. Aggrey, Registrar. WILBERFORCE UNIVERSITY SUMMER SCHOOL 5th Annual Session June 24 — August 3 1918 College. Normal and Vocational Courses offered. Splendid opportunity for review of teacher's professional work and advance or review work along literary lines. Large and specially prepared faculty, ample accommodation, excellent equipment. Special course of lectures. W.	 S. SCARBOROUGH, President. Wilberforce University. GILBERT	 H. JONES, Dean, College of Arts and Director of Summer School. For full particulars write the Director. T0UGAL00 COLLEGE MISSISSIPPI " The best school for Negroes in the State."—Bishop Theodore D. Bratton. COLLEGE Regular Four Year A. B. Course Two Year Teacher Training Course ACADEMY Choice of Seven Courses — College Preparatory, Agricultural, Mechanical, Home Economics, Commercial, Pedagogical, Musical. Out in the country. Expenses low. Four Prize Scholarships of $25.00 Each Offered Boys for Best Entrance Examinations to Eighth and Ninth Grade. For particulars Write President W. T. HOLMES Tougaloo, Hinds County, Mississippi The Slater Industrial and State Normal School For Colored Youth of Both Sexes WINSTON-SALEM, N. C. I.	 Offering Standard Courses In Academic Subjects, In Industrial and Vocational Subjects, In Education. II.	 Graduates receive the Teacher's Certificate. III.	 Located amid the foothills of the mountain section of Western North Carolina and the health conditions are ideal. IV. Accommodations excellent and expenses moderate. For further Information communicate with S. G. ATKINS, Principal SLATER STATE NORMAL SCHOOL, Winston-Salem, N. C. COLEMAN COLLEGE GIBSLAND, LA. Supported by Baptist State Woman's Home Mission Society of Chicago and Boston and A. B. H. Society of New York. Students from six different states. Graduates exempted on first grade by Louisiana, Arkansas and Oklahoma. O. L. COLEMAN, President THE LINCOLN HOSPITAL AND HOME SCHOOL FOR NURSES in the City of New York offers to young women a three years' course of instruction in Nursing. Capacity of hospital 420 beds. Post Graduate course of six months to graduates of accredited training schools. For information apply to SUPERINTENDENT of NURSES, Lincoln Hospital and Home, New York City. Mention The Crisis. THE CRISIS Vol. 16-No. 1	 MAY, 1918 Whole No. 91 Editorial SAVE I BELIEVE that this is Our War and not President Wilson's War and that no matter how many blunders the administration makes, or how many obstacles it puts in our way we must work the harder to win the war. I want to urge the importance of advertising in every way you can the campaign for War Savings—savings of money, of food, of labor. In doing so you kill three birds with one stone: 1.	 Promote the success of the war. 2.	 Increase the individual wealth of your constituency. 3.	 Put them on a common footing with other patriotic American citizens and promote those common bonds that gradually break down prejudice. If the colored citizens of the country seize this opportunity to emphasize their American citizenship by effective war activities, they will score tremendously. When men fight together and work together and save together, this foolishness of race prejudice disappears. George G. Bradford. THE NEGRO AND THE WA R DEPARTMENT. IT seems to be necessary to insist upon justice toward the Negro from the War Department. We are well aware that much of this injustice is incidental and not intentional. As Negroes, we propose to fight for the right, no matter what our treatment may be; but we submit to the public that intentional injustice toward colored soldiers is the poorest investment that this nation can make just now. First, let us recall the position of Colonel Young: he is still imprisoned in Ohio on full pay with nothing to do. The Examining Board recommended that Colonel Young be "retained in active service." The Secretary of War approved this recommendation and directed that "Colonel Young be placed on active duty." The Adjutant General, knowing the difference between "active service" and "active duty" immediately retired Colonel Young from active service and placed him on active duty with nothing to do. Twelve million Negroes demand that Colonel Young be restored to "active service!" Again, the Ninety-second Division of Negro troops was established by the Secretary of War and approved by President Wilson over the protest of the General Staff: but no effort was made to secure for this division certain necessary persons of technical training. The colored officers at Fort Des Moines were given no artillery training. Farmers from the South, largely illiterate and without mechanical skill or education, were assigned to the artillery in the first draft. This, however, could easily have been remedied by transferring from other regiments in this division and from other divisions, educated and technically trained colored men. The permission to make such trans THE CRISIS fers has been denied by the War Department. Unless this decision is reversed, the Ninety-second Division is bound to be a failure as a unit organization. Is it possible that persons in the War Department wish this division to be a failure? Thirdly, we call the attention of the public to Bulletin No. 35 sent out from Camp Funston, Kans., which says: "The Division Commander has repeatedly urged that all colored members of his command, and especially the officers and non-commissioned officers, should refrain from going where their presence will be resented. In spite of this injunction one of the sergeants of the Medical Department has recently precipitated the precise trouble that should be avoided and then called on the Division Commander to take sides in a row that should never have occurred and would not have occurred had the sergeant placed the general good above his personal pleasure and convenience. This sergeant entered a theatre, as he undoubtedly had a legal right to do, and precipitated trouble by making it possible to allege race discrimination in the seat he was given. He is strictly within his legal rights in this matter and the theatre manager is legally wrong. Nevertheless, the sergeant is guilty of the greater wrong in doing anything no matter how legally correct that will provoke race animosity." Can it be that General Ballou is not going to protect his colored officers in their simplest legal rights? We are aware how careful colored men have to be everywhere in the United States in "stirring up" race antagonism, but the greatest danger is not that they will carelessly bring on race antagonism, but rather that they will invite it by submitting to intolerable insult. Finally, we call attention to one other action of the War Department, prefacing it by the information that there are twenty-three colored doctors in Detroit, that they are graduates of some of the foremost medical schools of the country and that they have long practised among both colored and white people. Notwithstanding this, the following letter has been sent to local Exemption Board No. 4: "Gentlemen: "It has been called to the attention of this department that many of your white registrants have been examined by colored doctors. "This matter has been taken up with the Adjutant General and he desires that this practise be discontinued. "By the direction of the Adjutant General, "Signed by Robert K. Davis." Z. W. MITCHELL. FROM time to time it becomes the painful duty of The Crisis to expose fraud and humbug. Z. W. Mitchell has been operating in the Middle West and in Canada for many years. Usually his methods just escape transgression of the letter of the law, but he found it best to remove from Canada, leaving a member of his family in the penitentiary and recently he himself has been in jail in Iowa. A prominent white merchant of Iowa writes us: "I am glad to learn of the whereabouts of the Negro, Z. W. Mitchell, for I know a lot about his dishonest doings and pretentions. Some four or five years ago he came to Oskaloosa and worked along the same lines which your letter indicates he is doing at Springfield now, namely, 'Loyal Legion Co-operative System,' for the solution of the Negro problem. He is an intelligent Negro and a slick fellow and knows how to line up a lot of prominent men for his work. Mr. , Negro lawyer of , read EDITORIAL his character better than some of the rest of us. He received about one hundred dollars from me, through misrepresentation and false pretenses, but got away from Oskaloosa before I fully comprehended the real facts leading up to my cashing his draft. I could not locate him for about three years, then I put to work trying to collect my money and I think he traced him through Th e Crisis. Mr. collected part of the money, but later, failing to make satisfactory settlement, I placed my correspondence and various data in the hands of the County Attorney, who called me before the Grand Jury some two years ago, and it did not take them long to indict Mr. Mitchell. He was arrested in Quincy, Ill., brought to Oskaloosa, put in jail to await trial; but through the influence of some attorneys and his good promises, he was released from jail, on what grounds I do not know. I declined to see him or have any conference, but the indictment is still over him and all the evidence in the way of telegrams, letters, papers, etc., are now in the hands of the County Attorney. "My opinion is that he is a slick and smart rascal and his nefarious work ought to be stopped." An authorized agent of Tuskegee writes: "Just before Dr. Washington summoned me to meet him in Chicago, late in 1912, or early the following year, I ran across this same man, Mitchell, who at that time was operating in eastern Iowa with a base at Muscatine, Iowa. Some of our donors at Clinton and Davenport (in Iowa) bitterly complained to Dr. Washington about Z. W. Mitchell then. I got in after him and especially with the aid of Mr. , a Negro lawyer, chased Mitchell into Missouri. Later I learned he was living in St. Louis. "I may say here that this man Mitchell has caused Tuskegee to lose many of its donors. I actually saw with my own eyes a letter he claims Dr. Washington gave him out in Ohio many years ago—in the late nineties —during President McKinley's first term as our President. He is a very intelligent-looking individual and is an exceedingly smooth talker. He is a great liar, a scoundrel, a thief, who plays on charity and actually belongs in the penitentiary! I suggest that the school take a very firm stand against this slick, glib, smooth imposter." Mitchell is now circularizing the West for a "Co-operative Congress" to be held this summer in Springfield, Ill., where he is at present operating. UNCONSCIOUS INSULT. A COLORED woman writes us: "On Tuesday, February 12, I was invited, along with a large number of our women, to a meeting called by Clarence R. Wilson, Food Administrator for the District of Columbia, to listen to addresses on food conservation by several speakers, and I feel that we colored women were invited to this meeting for the specific purpose of being insulted. "The first speaker, Mrs. Archibald Hopkins, in her address referred to her 'old black mammy' and said that she had said to her, 'Miss Hopkins, I'se got to have sugar.' The second speaker, Mrs. Matthew Scott, President of the Daughters of the American Revolution, began her speech by saying, A n old darkey down South was asked to change a ten dollar bill, etc' The third speaker, a trained one from Chicago, made no reference to us as a race, but I have felt ever since I left that meeting that Mrs. Hopkins and Mrs. Scott should be showered with the protests of the nearly one hundred colored women present, to so ridicule our race in a meeting called for the unity of all American women in the matter of food conservation." 10 THE CRISIS The real tragedy of this protest lies in the undoubted fact that neither Mrs. Hopkins nor Mrs. Scott had the slightest idea that they were insulting anybody. It is even doubtful if they knew that Negroes could be insulted. Imagine such a situation in a civilized land! THE BAPTIST REUNION. WE congratulate the black Baptists of America for their skill and sacrifice in putting an end to that which threatened to be a lamentable division. The white Baptists of the South, too, deserve great credit for their kindly co-operation and advice. The gist of the plan of reunion is, First, that the charter of the Morris convention be annulled. Second, that the pending law suit against the Boyd Publishing Board be dismissed, but that it be distinctly recognized that the publishing house and all other institutions and boards belong to the National Baptist Convention and are under its control. Arrangements are made for the two conventions to meet next year at the same place, adopt separately the peace treaty and then unite under officers to be appointed by the commission which drafted the agreement outlined above, and which consists of representatives of the two conventions and of the Southern white Baptists. We venture to suggest that after this happy step it would be a graceful thing for both Doctor Morris and Doctor Boyd to withdraw to a well-deserved rest and leave the after conduct of Baptist affairs to younger and newer men. TH E UNIT PLAN. THERE has been started in Cincinnati a plan of social uplift, known as the "Unit Plan," which deserves the thoughtful attention of colored peo ple. Briefly, the idea is to take the small block or street in a city where there is a fairly homogeneous population and try to minister to its needs in every modern scientific way. A social visitor, at first appointed, but eventually chosen by the people, secures the information and consults the social experts. First, efforts are directed to the babies in the block. They receive periodical medical attention, proper food, etc. Prospective mothers are given advice. Births are registered, unemployment recorded and every effort, made to obtain careful knowledge and skilled remedy. Multiple visits by outside agencies are cut down to the minimum and the people themselves are encouraged to organize and take charge of their own social welfare and have representation on the general board, which administers the social welfare work of the ward or city. This social unit plan should be carefully studied by colored people, and as quickly as possible be introduced among them. Its well expressed purpose is: "To hasten the coming of a democracy both genuine and efficient by building up on a basis of geographical units an organization through which the people can get a clear idea of their common needs and can utilize the technical knowledge of skilled groups in formulating and carrying out programs to meet those needs." A PROTEST. The Editor of The Outlook: I HAVE never expected from The Outlook any real friendship for the Negro. On the contrary, I have been prepared for what seems to me deliberate misrepresentation of the motives of those who are fighting for the Negro's manhood rights and a nauseous emphasis upon the absolute probity of the "better" South. I did not, however, think that The EDITORIAL Outlook would sink to publishing so scurrilous an article as that on the Negro soldier. It is a libel that begins with a lie and is built on the sneer that Negroes are dogs and not men. I think it is not only outrageous, but shamefully unpatriotic for a great journal like yours to deride and seek to degrade one hundred thousand men who are offering their lives for their country. I hope to God there is nothing lower in your toadying to the South to which you are planning to sink. W. E. B. D UBOIS. COOPERATION. To the Editor of T HE C RISIS: I HEARTILY welcome the dis cussion in your columns of the principles of cooperation in production and distribution. Much of the injustice which the N. A. A. C. P. is fighting would disappear if the colored people were less economically dependent and through cooperation in industry a long stride in removing this disability might be taken besides training them for united action to improve their condition in other directions. Cannot a leader be found who will do for the Negro farmer what Sir Horace Plunkett has done for the Irish agriculturist, or a group among them arise with faith to attempt what the Rochdale pioneers attempted? I hope the discussion may go further, for I cannot imagine a greater service which the N. A. A. C. P. can render than the promotion of this form of self-help. A. K. M AYNARD. NOTES. THE white Methodists have al most agreed to disfranchise their Negro members until they grow to 600,000, when they will automatically become an independent church in everything but name. President Wilson says that "the old party slogans have lost their significance and will mean nothing to the voter of the future, for the war is certain to change the mind of Europe as well as the mind of America." Let Negroes note this when they read the suffrage plank of the new National Party platform, as drafted by the editor of T HE CRISIS : "We demand enforcement of the laws which give the right to vote to American citizens of Negro descent, and in order that they and others may cast an intelligent ballot we ask for national aid to common school education, to be distributed among the several states in accordance with their illiteracy." Negro Health Week and the Child Saving Movement bring to us the need of careful, persistent effort to stamp out disease. It is unfortunate that many calamity howlers follow the example of Dr. Shirley Wynne of the New York Department of Health and seek to prove, in the face of all reliable statistics, that the Negro is "deteriorating." This is flatly false. He is rapidly improving in health, but his efforts must be redoubled before he reaches the full modern standard. Eat strengthening food, sleep with the windows open, and get out of the alleys and swamps—that is the program. The concrete proposal of Dr. James H. Dillard for national aid to Negro education is the one piece of constructive statesmanship for the uplift of the Negro which has come out of the South for fifty years. It would be a shame for Congress not to follow the advice of superintendents in the National Education Association and either adopt this proposal or the one by the Child Labor Association. A LEGEND OF THE BLUE JAY By RUTH ANNA FISHER IT was a hot, sultry day in May and the children in the little school in Virginia were wearily waiting for the gong to free them from lessons for the day. Furtive glances were directed towards the clock. The call of the birds and fields was becoming more and more insistent. Would the hour never strike! "The Planting of the Apple-tree" had no interest for them. Little attention was given the boy as he read in a sing-song, spiritless manner: "What plant we in this apple-tree? Buds, which the breath of summer days Shall lengthen into leafy sprays; Boughs where the thrush, with crimson breast, Shall haunt and sing and hide her nest." The teacher, who had long since stopped trying to make the lesson interesting, found herself saying mechanically, "What other birds have their nests in the apple-tree?" The boy shifted lazily from one foot to the other as he began, "The sparrow, the robin, and wrens, and—and snow-birds, and blue-jays,—" "No, they don't, blue-jays don't have nests," came the excited outburst from some of the children, much to the surprise of the teacher. When order was restored some of these brown-skinned children, who came from the heart of the Virginia mountains, told this legend of the blue-jay. Long, long years ago, the devil came to buy the blue-jay's soul, for which he first offered a beautiful golden ear of corn. This the blue-jay liked and wanted badly, but said, "No, I cannot take it in exchange for my soul." Then the devil came again, this time with a bright red ear of corn which was even more lovely than the golden one. This, too, the blue-jay refused. At last the devil came to offer him a wonderful blue ear. This one the blue-jay liked best of all, but still was unwilling to part with his soul. Then the devil hung it up in the nest, and the blue-jay found that it exactly matched his own brilliant feathers, and knew at once that he must have it. The bargain was quickly made. And now in payment for that one blue ear of corn each Friday the blue-jay must carry one grain of sand to the devil, and sometimes he gets back on Sunday, but oftener not until Monday. Very seriously the children added, "And all the bad people are going to burn until the blue-jays have carried all the grains of sand in the ocean to hell." The teacher must have smiled a little at the legend, for the children cried out again, "It is so. 'Deed it is, for doesn't the black spot on the blue-jay come because he gets his wings scorched, and he doesn't have a nest like other birds." Then, to dispel any further doubts the teacher might have, they asked triumphantly, "You never saw a blue-jay on Friday, did you?" There was no need to answer, for just then the gong sounded and the children trooped happily out to play. AGAIN IT IS THE VIBRANT MAY By GEORGIA DOUGLAS JOHNSON AGAIN it is the vibrant May, The streamlet with unending song, The bursting buds, the leafing trees, Steals soft beneath a veiling mist, The toying fragrance of the breeze As to some sweet alluring tryst— Call to my heart in subtlest way, While I, with inner surges strong, Come! come, it is a holiday! Find incomplete the day, and long. Again it is the vibrant May, The Springtime fervor mocks my pain, For I am thrall to wintry rain— Fain would I turn my eyes away, For love alone brings holiday, 12 THE AFRO-PORTUGUESE By P. E. PEREIRA I AM a colored man from the Cape Verde Islands (Afro-Portuguese, you would say) and certainly am concerned, interested and united in spirit with the cause for which the N. A. A. C. P. defends and stands. In the Cape Verde Islands (I suppose you have met some of the fellows from there) we are made up of three races, the African, the Brazilian and the Caucasian (Portugese). Either of these three bloods may run in our veins to a greater or lesser extent in a variety 01 cases, because the first distribution of the first colons was not evenly made; but a study of the pedigree will find the three stuff there surely. The first black contingent, some of them, were under bond of slavery, but they, notwithstanding, got mixed up with the other two races, or rather the Brazilians and the whites got mixed up. with the Negroes. The mixture with the Indian mulatto (Brazilian) and the whites increased much after the emancipation. One thing peculiar was that some islands were first colonized with a greater number of whites, some with a greater number of blacks, and yet some with a greater number of mulattoes. So true is this that if you meet the average man from the Island of Brava and the average man from the Island of Sam Thiago, you would soon notice these extremes. The mixing up of the trio race is uneven up to this day One thing we never heard of until we landed in America is the color line. If ever there was a racial prejudice in our islands, it was between the free people (black, white or Brazilian) and the slaves or their offspring. In some instances the free people (some black among these) objected to intermarriage with the slaves and their progeny, but this at no time ever developed to such a thing as racial or color line, because, as you see, it was not a matter of color or race, but simply a civic status, if I may call it this way. In every country and in ours there has always been a distinction between the rich and the poor, the educated and the uneducated; and as a rule these classes do not associate together. If you happen to be colored in my country and you have education and wealth, you will associate with the higher class of the same standing, say the whites, and no one would dream of your complexion and much less mention it. It would cause an earthquake ! From the foregoing explanation you can imagine how shocked, how scandalized a man from my country would feel when he first sets his feet on your land and learns of the color lines, of Jim Crow Law, of lynching and racial hatred. You can just imagine. One thing is sure, when we are come, we cast our lot with American colored people, and make up our minds, there and then, to shoulder the cross of our adventures. It may be true that the majority of us are not able to take part intellectually in the race fight, because, having grown under an autocratic and poor government (old Portuguese Kingdom) we were not blessed with the advantages of an education. And those of us who had any education received it in the Portuguese language and even if by personal application we have learned and understand a little English, it may not be enough to enable us to express our views intelligibly and forcibly to be of any help to you. It may be true also that being brought up under a Latin government, speaking the language of a Latin nation and imbued with the traditions of a Latin race—we Cape Verdians must be of a different bent of mind and different not only in our domestic habits but, perhaps, in many other respects from the average American Negro, whose feeling has been hurt by a dint of injustice; whose attitude is one of constant defense, because of persistent, unjust prosecution. These differences, however, do not prevent us from learning quickly what is the real situation, the situation that is facing us on account of our dark skin in America. In you we recognize our dark brothers. Your fight is legitimately our fight. We must stand by you shoulder to shoulder; and, if yon have the patience to guide us, you knowing the way better, we will march every inch of the ground with you, and mark well, YOU WILL FIND US THERE. 13 DR. J. H. LOWERY JAMES E. GREGG THE LATE DR. S. M. STEWARD MAJOR G. W. PRIOLEAU C. H. TOBIAS 14 Men of the Month A PIONEER PHYSICIAN. DR. S. MARIA STEWARD, wife of Chaplain T. G. Steward of Wilber-force University, was born in Brooklyn, N. Y., in 1845 the daughter of Sylvanus and Anna Smith. She took up the study of medicine when it was a rare career for a woman. She studied at the New York Homeopathic College for Women and was valedictorian of her class. Afterward she took a post-graduate course in the Long Island College Hospital. For many years she practised in New York State and was a member of the King's County Homeopathic Society and the New York State Medical Society. With her other duties she served as organist for the Bridge Street A. M. E. Church for twenty-eight years. Mrs. Steward was married twice, her first husband being the Rev. W. G. McKinney, and her second Chaplain Steward. During her last years Dr. Steward was resident physician at Wilberforce University. She traveled much at home and abroad, was the mother of two children and a woman of rare charm and great ability. A FIGHTING PHYSICIAN. DR. J. H. LOWERY was born in 1861 in Louisiana and has spent his life there. He was educated at Straight Uni versity and the Flint Medical College. He has built up a large practice at Donaldson ville and made considerable investments in real estate. Recently he headed the move ment for securing better accommodations on the railroads for colored people. Through the efforts of his committee the State Rail road Commission has ordered equal accom modations for the races on the railroads of the state. Dr. Lowery is prominent among Odd Fel lows and other fraternal orders in Louis iana. AN ARMY CHAPLAIN. GEORGE W. PRIOLEAU was born in Charleston, S. C, and educated in the public schools, Avery Institute and Claflin University. He taught in the public schools and then entered the ministry. Afterward 15 he was sent to Wilberforce University, graduating from the Theological Department in 1884. For several years he taught in the Theological Department at Wilberforce University and pastored churches in Xenia. In 1895 he was appointed chaplain of the Ninth Cavalry, U. S. Army, with the rank of Captain. He served in this regiment until 1915, when he was transferred to the Tenth Cavalry. In 1916 he was assigned to the Twenty-fifth Infantry and given the grade of Major. Chaplain Prioleau is married and has two children. THE PRINCIPAL OF HAMPTON. THE new principal of Hampton, James E. Gregg, succeeds Dr. Frissell and General Armstrong. Mr. Gregg was born in Hartford, Conn., in 1875 and was educated at Cutler Academy and Harvard College, where he was graduated in 1897 after making a notable record for scholarship. He taught for three years and then studied for the ministry, first at Harvard and finally at the Yale Divinity School, where he was graduated in 1903. He has held three charges, one in Lowell and two in Pittsfield, Mass. Mr. Gregg has a wife and four children. AN ENLISTED MAN. CHANNING H. TOBIAS was born in Augusta, Ga., in 1882. He was educated in the public schools, at Paine College and at Drew Theological Seminary. Returning to Paine, he taught Biblical literature for six years. During the past seven years he has been secretary of the International Committee of Young Men's Christian Associations for work among colored students. He was a delegate to the World's Student Christian Federation Conference at Lake Mohonk in 1913 and helped to organize the Negro Students Convention at Atlanta in 1914. He is executive secretary of the annual conference of students held at King's Mountain, North Carolina. Mr. Tobias directed the recent campaign for the Students' Friendship War Fund and collected $12,000 from fifty colored institutions. THE BURNING OP JIM MC ILHERRON AN N. A. A. C. P. INVESTIGATION By Walter F. White, Assistant Secretary THE facts given below were secured by Mr, White within the week following the burning of McIlherron in interviews with a number of the citizens of Estill Springs, largely white, including the proprietors of several stores, farmers and others. The account is not a compilation of opinions, but is based upon statements of inhabitants of the town, some of whom were eyewitnesses to the burning. All of the accounts of the burning were given by white people. THE TOWN Estill Springs, the scene of the third within nine months of Tennessee's burnings at the stake, is situated about seventy-four miles from Chattanooga, being midway between that city and Nashville. The town itself has only two hundred inhabitants; with the territory within the radius of a half-mile, about three hundred. Franklin County, in which Estill Springs is located, had a white population of 17,365 and 3,126 colored inhabitants in 1910, according to the census. Estill Springs is not incorporated and, therefore, has no mayor or village officials. It is a small settlement located midway between the larger and more progressive villages of Decherd and Tullahoma, each having about 2,000 inhabitants. Winchester, fifteen miles from Estill Springs, is the county seat. Estill Springs is made up of a small group of houses and stores gathered about the railway station. The main street is only three blocks long. Its few business establishments are located on one side of this street. There is one bank, the Bank of Estill Springs, purely local in nature; a barber shop, a drug store and five general merchandise stores of the type indigenous to small rural communities in the South. The settlement's sole butcher left on the day that the investigator reached there, to work in a nitrate factory in a nearby town as the butcher trade of the community was not sufficient to support hist shop. Simply stated, Estill Springs is one of thousands of small settlements of its type, poorly located from a geographic and economic standpoint and with little prospect of future growth. Its static condition, naturally, tends to make the minds of its inhabitants narrow and provincial. The people of the surrounding country are farmers and because of the failure of the cotton crop last fall, occasioned by an early frost, corn was the only crop on which they made money. Such of the people as were interviewed were leisurely of manner and slow of speech and comprehension. Paradoxical as it may seem, in the light of the event which has put Estill Springs on the map in a kind of infamy of fame, the settlement seems to have a strong religious undercurrent. Small as the community is, it has four white churches, two Baptist, one Methodist and one Campbellite. In addition, there are two colored churches, one a Baptist and the other a Methodist, of which latter the Rev. G. W. Lych was pastor. There is a local Red Cross unit among the white women which 16 N. A. A. C. P. was planning to inaugurate meetings to knit for the soldiers. In the windows of a number of homes, the emblem of the National Food Conservation Commission was displayed. The son of the proprietor of the only hotel is local agent for the sale of Thrift Stamps. The town purchased its allotment of both the first and second Liberty Loans. THE CAUSE OF THE TROUBLE About one mile from the railway station of Estill Springs, there lived a Negro by the name of Jim McIlherron. He resided with his mother, several brothers and father, who bears the reputation of being wealthy "for a Negro," as he owns his own land and is prosperous in a small way. The McIlherrons do not appear to have been popular with the white community. They were known as a family which resented "slights" and "insults" and which did not willingly allow its members to be imposed upon by unfriendly whites. However, there appears to have been no serious trouble between them and their white neighbors up to the time of the street fight which resulted in the shooting for which Jim McIlherron was later burned at the stake. One white woman expressed in a local phrase the opinion of the family when she said that the McIlherron family were "big-buggy niggers," meaning that they were prosperous enough to have a few articles other than bare necessities, among these being a larger buggy than was common in the section. Most of the whites in the locality, it must be explained, were of the poorer country folk. Jim McIlherron bore the reputation in Estill Springs of being a "bad sort." It was gathered from remarks made that this implied that he shared the family characteristic already alluded to of resenting "slights" and "insults." In other words, he was not what is termed "a good nigger," which in certain portions of the South means a colored man or woman who is humble and submissive in the presence of white "superiors." McIlherron was known to be a fighter and the possessor of an automatic revolver. (Laws against "gun-toting" are observed in the breach, apparently, in this region.) He was, therefore, classed as a dangerous man to bother with. A little over a year before the lynching, he became involved in a fight with his own brother in which the latter was cut with a knife wielded by the former. For this he was arrested by Sheriff John Rose, the sheriff of Franklin County. At the time of this affair, McIlherron threatened to "get" the sheriff if he was ever arrested again by that officer. It is an admitted fact in the community that the sheriff was afraid of McIlherron. Soon after the trouble with his brother, McIlherron went to Indianapolis where he worked in an industrial plant, proceeding later to Detroit. In Detroit he had an attack of rheumatism and was forced to return to his home shortly before the shooting. His having lived in the North tended to increase his disfavor with the white people of the community, as he was credited with having absorbed during his residence there certain ideas of "independence" which were not acceptable to the white citizens of this small rural com munity. Sharing popular disfavor with McIlherron was the pastor of the Methodist church in Estill Springs, the Rev. G. W. Lych. He had repeatedly advised the colored people to assert their right to be free from the petty tyranny alleged to have been imposed upon them by the white people, assuring them that they were made of the same clay and were as good as anybody else. THE SHOOTING On the afternoon of Friday, February 8, Jim McIlherron went into a store in the town and purchased fifteen cents' worth of candy. In Estill Springs it had been a habit of an element of young white men to "rock" Negroes in the community—i. e., throwing rocks or other missiles at them to make them run. This had occasioned frequent tilts between the races none of which, however, had previously been serious. McIlherron had been the victim of one of these "rockings" and had declared that if ever they got after him again, somebody was going to get hurt. When the trouble started on February 8, it was about five o'clock in the afternoon, in the gloom of early nightfall. It is probable that the Negro believed that they were after him again. He walked down the street eating this candy, going past Tate &amp; Dickens' store in front of which he encountered three young white men, Pierce Rogers, Frank Tigert and Jesse Tigert by name. As McIlherron passed them a remark was made by one of the THE CRISIS young men about his eating the candy. The others laughed and several more remarks were made. At this the Negro turned and asked if they were talking about him. Words followed, becoming more and more heated, until threats began to be passed between them. One of the young men started into the store whereupon McIlherron, apparently believing, as one of our white informants said, that they were preparing to start a fight, pulled out his gun and started shooting. Six shots were fired, two taking effect in each man. Rogers died in his tracks, Jesse Tigert died about twenty minutes later and Frank Tigert was carried to the office of Dr. O. L. Walker, Estill Springs' only physician, where he received medical aid. The latter will recover, as his wounds are not serious. THE MAN HUNT Immediately after the shooting, McIlherron, in the attendant excitement, ran down the road leading toward his home. There was no immediate pursuit by the whites. Although everybody knew that he had gone to his home, the white people waited and sent all the way to Winchester, the county seat, some fifteen miles distant, at a cost of sixty dollars, to secure blood-hounds. When these arrived, they succeeded in tracking him only as far as his home, where the scent was lost. Intense excitement prevailed in the town as news of the shooting spread. In this chaotic state of affairs, no one seemed to know what to do and threats of lynching began to be made. A few of the cooler heads pleaded that the crowd allow the sheriff to handle the entire affair. Knowing of the sheriff's fear of the Negro, the crowd greeted this suggestion with a derisive shout, and cries of "Lynch the nigger" answered this plea. Plans were laid to form posses to catch McIlherron. Word was sent to Sheriff Rose at Winchester, upon receiving which he immediately left for Estill Springs. Shouts of "Electrocution is too good for the damned nigger," "Let's burn the black " and others of the sort rose thick and fast. Led by its more radical members, the mob soon worked itself into a frenzy; a posse was formed and set out on the man hunt. Meanwhile, McIlherron had gone to his home, gathered his few clothes and proceeded to the home of Lych, who aided him in his flight. On two mules they set out in the direction of McMinnville, in an attempt to reach the Tennessee Central Rail road where McIlherron could get a train that would take him to safety. The preacher went a part of the way with McIlherron and then returned to his home in Prairie Springs, a small settlement about twelve miles from Estill Springs. The news soon spread that Rev. Lych had aided McIlherron in his flight and a part of the mob went to Prairie Springs to "get" him for this. Two members came upon him near his home. One of them pointed his gun at the preacher and pulled the trigger. The gun did not go off, and before he could fire again, Lych snatched the gun from his assailant's hands, broke it and started towards the man with the stock in his hands, when the other man fired a charge into the preacher's breast, killing him instantly. The hunt for McIlherron continued throughout Friday night, Saturday, Sunday and Monday, large posses of men scouring the surrounding county for him. Monday night he was located in a barn near Lower Collins River, just beyond McMinnville. The barn was surrounded and the posse began firing on it. The Negro answered the fire, this state of affairs continuing throughout Monday night. During this time McIlherron succeeded in holding off the crowd, whose numbers were rapidly augmented, when the news spread that the Negro had been located. In the hundred or more men in the posses were Deputy Sheriff S. J. Byars and Policeman J. M. Bain. In the fusilade. of bullets poured into the barn, McIlherron was wounded, one eye being shot out. He also received two body wounds, one in the arm and one in the leg. Finally, McIlherron's ammunition gave out and, weak from the loss of blood, he was forced to surrender when the barn was rushed. When captured, the triumphant members of the mob carried him into McMinnville. The feeling against him was so great that an attempt was made to lynch him in the town of McMinnville, but the citizens of that town refused to allow a lynching in their midst and were able to prevent it from happening. McIlherron was, therefore, placed on Train No. 5, en route to Estill Springs, where he arrived at 6:30 P. M. on Tuesday. N. A. A. THE CROWD In the meantime, news of the capture spread like wild fire and men, women and children started pouring into the town to await the arrival of the victim. They came from a radius of fifty miles, coming from Coalmont, Winchester, Decherd, Tullahoma, McMinnville and from the country districts. In buggies and automobiles, on foot, on mules, they crowded into the little settlement, until it was estimated that from 1,500 to 2,000 people were in the town. A high state of excitement prevailed as the time for the arrival of the train drew near. Threats of the torture to be inflicted were made on many sides. Boxes, excelsior and other inflammable material were gathered in readiness for the event, and iron bars and pokers were obtained. Most of the crowd were grim and silent, but there were some who laughed and joked in anticipation of the coming event. Finally, the train drew near. McIlherron was so weak upon arrival, from the loss of blood due to three wounds received in the battle with the posse, that he was unable to stand and had to be carried to the spot selected for his execution. The leaders of the mob decided that he should be lynched on the exact spot where the shooting occurred. He was, therefore, carried to this place where preparations for the funeral pyre were made. The cries of the crowd grew more and more vengeful as the moments passed. Just as the arrangements had been completed, a few of the braver spirits among the women of the town demanded that the Negro be not burned in the town itself, but be taken out a little way in the country. There were loud objections to this proposal from the now uncontrollable mob. The women insisted, in spite of these objections, and finally it was decided to carry McIlherron across the railroad into a small clump of woods in front of the Campbellite church. This was done and the mob transferred its activities to the new execution ground. The self-appointed leaders of the mob by this time had great difficulty in restraining the wild fury of the crowd. They were constantly forced to appeal to them not to strike McIlherron or to spit on him, but to allow the affair to be a "perfectly orderly lynching." The sister of one of the men C. P. 19 slain was in the mob and had become frantic in her pleas to the men to let her kill the Negro. She demanded that he be killed immediately, not to allow him to live another moment. It was evident that such a humane thing as instant death would not have appeased the blood-thirst of the mob, in its revengeful mood. THE TORTURE On reaching the spot chosen for the burning, McIlherron was chained to a hickory tree. The wood and other inflammable material already collected was saturated with coal oil and piled around his feet. The fire was not lighted at once, as the crowd was determined "to have some fun with the damned nigger" before he died. A fire was built a few feet away and then the fiendish torture began. Bars of iron, about the size of an ordinary poker, were placed in the fire and heated to a red-hot pitch. A member of the mob took one of these and made as if to burn the Negro in the side. McIlherron seized the bar and as it was jerked from his grasp all of the inside of his hand came with it, some of the skin roasting on the hot iron. The awful stench of burning human flesh rose into the air, mingled with the lustful cries of the mob and the curses of the suffering Negro. Cries of "Burn the damned hound," "Poke his eyes out," and others of the kind came in thick confusion from the mob. Men, women and children, who were too far in the rear, surged forward in an attempt to catch sight of and gloat over the suffering of the Negro. Now that the first iron had been applied, the leaders began eagerly to torture McIlherron. Men struggled with one another, each vying with his fellow, in attempting to force from the lips of the Negro some sign of weakening. A wide iron bar, red-hot, was placed on the right side of his neck. When McIlherron drew his head away, another bar was placed on the left side. This appeared to amuse the crowd immensely and approving shouts arose, as the word was passed back to those in the rear of what was going on. Another rod was heated and, as McIlherron squirmed in agony, thrust through the flesh of his thigh, and a few minutes later another through the calf of his leg. Meanwhile, a larger bar had been heating, and while those of the mob close enough to see shouted in fiend THE CRISIS ish glee, this was taken and McIlherron was unsexed. The unspeakable torture had now been going On for about twenty minutes and the Negro was mercifully getting weaker and weaker. The mob seemed to be getting worked up to a higher and higher state of excitement. The leaders racked their brains for newer and more devilish ways of inflicting torture on the helpless victim. The newspapers stated that McIlherron lost his nerve and cringed before the torture, but the testimony of persons who saw the burning is to the effect that this is untrue. It seems inconceivable that any person could endure the awful torture inflicted, however great his powers of resistance to pain, and not lose his nerve. The statements of onlookers are to the effect that throughout the whole burning Jim McIlherron never cringed and never once begged for mercy. He was evidently able to deny the mob the satisfaction of seeing his nerve broken, although he lived for half an hour after the burning started. Throughout the whole affair he cursed those who tortured him and almost to the last breath derided the attempts of the mob to break his spirit. The only signs of the awful agony that he must have suffered were the involuntary groans that escaped his lips, in spite of his efforts to check them, and the wild look in his eyes as the torture became more and more severe. At one time, he begged his torturers to shoot him, but this request was received with a cry of derision at his vain hope to be put out of his misery. His plea was answered with the remark, "We ain't half through with you yet, nigger." By this time, however, some of the members of the mob had, apparently, become sickened at the sight and urged that the job be finished. Others in the rear of the crowd, who had not been able to see all that took place, objected and pushed forward to take the places of some of those in front. Having succeeded in this, they began to "do their bit" in the execution. Finally, one man poured coal oil on the Negro's trousers and shoes and lighted the fire around McIlherron's feet. The flames rose rapidly,, soon enveloping him, and in a few minutes Mcllherron was dead. GEORGE McNEEL, LYNCHED IN MONROE, LA., MARCH 16, 1918, THE GRAND JURY FOUND "NO INFORMATION SUFFICIENT TO INDICT" THE LYNCHERS BUT THIS POSTCARD WAS SOLD ON THE STREETS "TO WHITE PEOPLE" AT 25 CENTS EACH The Looking Glass LITERATURE. EDGAR M. CULLEN, former Chief Justice of the State of New York: "It will not be tolerated that when New York is forced to obey an Eighteenth Amendment, Mississippi may ignore or evade the Fifteenth Amendment." Benjamin Brawley, author of "A Short History of the American Negro" and of other works, has brought out "The Negro in Literature and Art in the United States" (Duffield &amp; Company, 8 vo., 176 pp., $1.35, postage extra). This is an amplification of the last chapter in his short history. It supplies a want and is done in the author's painstaking and readable style. His first chapter on Negro genius emphasizes the distinct art element in the Negro's gift to BENJAMIN BRAWLEY the modern world. The five following chapters are devoted to individual colored writers, while Chapter Seven is a review of Negro literature. The last five chapters are devoted to orators, the stage, painters and sculptors and music. An appendix contains an essay on the Negro in American fiction and an excellent bibliography. We welcome this book not only for its picture of the soul development of a race but, also, for its own contribution to the new Negro literature. The North American Student has an article by Channing H. Tobias: "Shall America Be Made Safe for Black Men?" We acknowledge the receipt of a book of poems in Spanish by Luis Felipe Dessus: "Flores y Balas." THE WAR. THE London Spectator quotes from Sir Harry Johnston's "The Black Man's Part in the War": The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland rules more or less directly some 44,700,000 Africans, about 1,700,000 Aframericans in the West Indies, Honduras and Guiana, and about 338,000 Oceanic Negroes, Melanesians and Polynesians in the Pacific archipelagoes. And in addition the Daughter Nation of the South African Union governs another 4,000,000 of Bantu Negroes, Hottentots and half breeds; lastly, the Commonwealth of Australia and the Dominion of New Zealand are responsible for the safe keeping and welfare of about 400,000 Papuans, 150,000 Australoids and 100,000 Polynesians, Melanesians and Micronesians. Our Asiatic subjects are more than six times as numerous, but our fifty-one million Negroes are not greatly inferior in numbers to the sixty-one million white people within the Empire, and their help, freely and loyally tendered, has been most valuable. The author proves his case by taking each Negro country in turn, describing its races, and showing what they have done in the war. British West Africa naturally comes first. Nigeria alone contains over sixteen million Negroes, some of whom are among the best native troops that we have. The French Senegalese battalions have done magnificent service on the Western Front, and their southern neighbors under our rule have an equally fine record in the African campaigns. The Hausa of Nigeria and the Mandingoes of Gambia and Sierra Leone make first-rate soldiers, and have faced German troops and their machine-gun fire without flinching.Ebrima Jalu, a Mandigo sergeant-major in the West African Frontier Force, received the D. C. M. in 1916, for his gal-' lantry in a severe action in the Cameroons. When his white officer had been killed, he took command of. his sector and directed the guns for several hours until another officer could reach him. Sergeant-Major Ebrima Jalu is not the only hero of his race. It is good to know that all these West African troops, perhaps thirty thousand in number, are volunteers, and that they enlist with the warm approval of their people. 21 THE An Associated Press dispatch from Ismailia, Egypt, speaks of the defense of the Suez Canal: In the territory between the outpost and the canal there are many well laid camps for thousands of troops. Everywhere there is intense but methodical activity. Neatly built wooden and steel buildings are located where only the Bedouin's tent has stood before. Whistling locomotives and tooting automobiles go rushing past long strings of heavily laden and slow-moving camels and donkeys. Khaki-clad Australians and English soldiers, Negro troops from the West Indies, robed and turbaned Egyptians, and Indians in their native garb, work together, forming an unusual picture with its desert setting. The wonderful showing made by the "Buffaloes," the colored 367th Regiment of the National Army, as they recently marched up Fifth Avenue, brought interesting comment. The New York Tribune says: The parade of the Negro troops last Saturday recalled history. It recalled Shaw at the head of the freedmen who were to seal their courage and soldierly devotion in the assault on Fort Wagner. It recalled the great experiment of the Sixties in making disciplined fighters out of men who had known nothing but the abjectness of slavery and who were still confusedly classified, not as men, but as contraband. The Negro soldier proved his mettle in the Civil War. "The colored troops' fought nobly" was more than a perfunctory phrase. It told an unvarnished truth. And the Spanish War brought added confirmation of the theory that the American Negro yields rank to none in capacity to master the trade and acquire the virtues of the soldier. He will show his worth again in this war —as great a war for human freedom as the one in which he fought in the armies of the North against disunion and for his own enfranchisement. The Evening Sun adds: The progress of the Negro regiment—the 367th—through New York was marked with music. If the men fight as they sing, they will win their share in the final honors. Nobody who knows the history of their race doubts that they will fight. And aside from the personal contribution of the individual soldiers, the folk-element that has entered into American life by way of Africa is not the least of the forces that help us all in a time like this. The spirit of the old slave songs may well be carried over, in a vicarious sense, to the cries of Belgium and Poland for deliverance. Long years have passed since the Negroes from their cabins and meeting houses lifted in music that voicing, as it were, of Heaven's command: Let my people go! The freed children of the slaves are CRISIS marching on to Germany, singing in a tone of doom the songs that prophesy freedom to those whom the Kaiser has enslaved. To many this is a dark hour. Therefore, it is the hour when faith in ultimate right is most needed. Such faith is found in these old camp meeting songs. The race that gave them to America is by no means out of the wilderness. But they march. That the song of the Negro is re-echoing in Europe is shown from a letter to Colonel Hayward from the head of a Red Cross base hospital "somewhere in France": I want to express to you, and through you to the men of your band, the Fifteenth Regiment, New York, the great pleasure they gave on Saturday last to the patients in the base hospital to which I have been assigned for duty. Every window in the hospital was open; I may say every man straining his hearing not to lose a note. I have talked with a number of patients— there are about 750 of them, unfortunately —the nurses, doctors and corps men, about 1,000 in all; and I have yet to find a single one who does not seem to have been stimulated in spirit by just hearing those colored boys of yours play. That they came from little old U. S. A. was so much to the good. I don't want to seem to lay it on too thick. I'm not when I say that I think every one who heard, who hears those boys play, is a better soldier and better able to help win the war. That the colored soldiers in the cantonments are measuring up to every expectation is proven in many ways. A writer in the New York Evening Mail says that they are acknowledged to be "the best drilled soldiers in camp." The Greenville, S. C. News says editorially: The throngs who packed the streets of Columbia to see the soldiers parade on Washington's birthday applauded the colored men in olive drab as much as anybody else—and that would not have been done if any ill-will were felt toward them, or if their conduct had not been excellent. A member of The News staff was present recently at a competitive shooting contest between picked teams from all the regiments and there noted the unexceptionable bearing of the colored men, several of whom were doing capital shooting. Incidentally it was learned that they are the best singers in camp, as is to be expected, for the race has been a singing one for ages. The quietness and good order of these soldiers is very noticeable. It is easy to believe that they are making good soldiers and that they will make good fighters when they get to the firing line. The Des Moines, Iowa, Capital says: There are several thousand colored soldiers at Camp Dodge prepared to be trained THE LOOKING GLASS for military service. They are from the plantations and fields of Alabama. They are not the aristocrats of their race. They represent the rank and file of the working-class Negro of the South. Some of these husky young fellows are said to be ignorant. No doubt this would apply to a majority of them. They came here with rather scanty clothing and they were sent to a camp scarcely completed. They took the places assigned to them without making any complaint. They adjusted themselves to the circumstances. They have received their uniforms. Their habitations are completed and they are comfortable. They remain in camp. They are not seen in the city in large groups. They are quiet in their demeanor and make a specialty of attending to their own business. This community is pleased with these samples of the common Negro of the South. William Pickens in the Baltimore Daily Herald discloses, however, some very unfortunate conditions at Camp Lee, near Petersburg, Va.: Not being able to keep out Negro soldiers Petersburg next demanded that there should be no colored officers of any rank. Of course, the United States of America refused to sign any treaty with Petersburg. But today there is at any rate, no Negro commissioned officer at Camp Lee. And this brings us to the second and, perhaps, the greatest misfortune to the colored men. Not because the colored officer has pigment in his skin, but because Southern conditions enable him to enter more fully into the lives of his men is he the better officer for colored soldiers—especially from the rank of captain downward. This is especially true in a community like Petersburg .... Now, thirdly, even at Camp Meade, Md., there are a few colored boys in the officers' school. But at Camp Lee the Negro boys are only servants and waiters in the school. With characteristic Southern sarcasm somebody picked the two best drilled companies of colored boys and sent them over as "bellhops" at the officers' school. This takes these two companies about five miles from the rest of the colored soldiers, and isolates them .... It is said that there are less than fiftythousand soldiers at Camp Lee and that 7,000 of these are colored. But in addition to other institutions maintained for white men by the Knights of Columbus and others they have eleven out of twelve buildings of the Y. M. C. A. The full significance of this will not be gotten unless you hold in mind the fact that a Negro soldier at Camp Lee can get absolutely no sort of service from the Y. M. C. A. buildings for the whites—not even a postage stamp or a drink of water. Those two companies of colored boys who are serving as waiters at the school for officers, though they are five miles from the building for colored men, cannot get from the Y. M. C. A. nearest them a piece of paper on which to write their mothers. Francis C. Sumner, Fellow in Psychology at Clark University, writes in the Worcester, Mass., Evening Gazette: The soul of black folk is already rent in twain, I tell you. Within the soul of each member of my race the conscious self is saying, Serve your country; while the unconscious from out of the depths is thundering, you have a poor cause to serve. On the one side, the martial music and the tramp of soldiers exhort to arms and patriotism; on the other side, in moments of sweet, silent thought—the words "God, punish America" ring of salvation. What is to be done to reconcile these opposing forces within my soul? I realize that I am but half a man. I long for the oneness of soul of Jean Paul Richter when he confesses, "I am with my country right or wrong; if right, to keep it right; if wrong, to set it right." Robert N. Owens writes in the St. Louis, Mo., Post-Dispatch: Our President, as the spokesman of the American people, who has so nobly expressed our sentiments as to the rights of the oppressed in other countries, realizing the staggering burden of the colored people of this nation, could greatly alleviate that burden by a word in our behalf at this time, for notwithstanding our unquestioned loyalty, the question that is first and uppermost in the minds of the vast majority of the black people of this country is, Are we included in this world that is to be made safe for democracy? If we are, there is no sacrifice too great; if not, then we are no longer freemen, but slaves. America can ill afford the cooperation of slaves. That the better South is being impressed by this thought is shown in the address of L. K. Favot of Baton Rouge, La., before white students at Shreveport: Those Negroes who are now defending our country will chafe under the restrictions we impose upon them when they come back. Are we going to consent to" let these things rock along by remaining indifferent to them, or are we going to become informed and look the situation fairly and squarely in the face? I know a little of what they do in their lodges and churches. It surprised me to find what some of them are reading. I go into their schoolhouses and find a magazine called THE CRISIS, published by a noted Negro leader, an extremely intelligent, brilliant man ... . We tell them we are the best friends they have; this magazine is teaching them to doubt this very seriously, and if we want to convince them that we are their best friends, we have to do something and not only tell them so on gala occasions. It is THE CRISIS up to the people of the South to study the ways and means of getting to the Negro the reasons why we are their best friends, and proving this thing to them. In the face of this, George Creel of Washington is sending out stuff like this as "public information;" which the New York Independent feels constrained to print: They have thousands of propagandists among the Negroes, exciting them with stories of impossible atrocities committed against the colored people in the South. They are equally busy with attempts to incite the whites to Negro lynchings, even while they are assuring the Negro that under the Kaiser the colored race will have social equality with the whites. "IMPOSSIBLE ATROCITIES." RECENT atrocities in the South are, we regret to say, "impossible" only to Mr. Creel's imagination. The Rt. Rev. Thomas F. Gailor, Episcopal Bishop of Tennessee, a Southern white man who has not been accused of pro-Germanism, writes in the Nashville Banner: I realize that it is futile to attempt by any written word to stem the tide of what seems to be the popular will; but a man can, at least, declare his abhorrence of such atrocities. This kind of lynching seems to be becoming epidemic in our state. About two years ago a Negro from Fayette County was lynched most barbarously near Memphis, and parts of his body, according to the newspapers, carried away as souvenirs. Many citizens of Memphis protested, but they were ignored. Last winter a Negro man near Memphis was burned at the stake, gasoline was poured over his body, and his head was cut off and taken through the city streets as a trophy. Last fall a Negro was burned to death in Dyersburg, and thousands of white people stood by and gloated over his agonies. And now, at Estill Springs, we have another burning, where the white men in charge first tortured the miserable creature with a red-hot iron, "to break his will," while the victim, already shot nearly to death, with one eye hanging out, screamed for mercy, and a thousand white men, with hundreds of women and children, looked on and were not ashamed. G. C. Brewer, an "Evangelist" of Winchester, Tenn., writes in the same paper: I cannot overcome the feeling that our preachments against these things after they happen is more or less of a camouflage; a sort of defense against the criticisms of other states. Why don't we stop these outrages? Will there be any genuine effort made to apprehend and punish the members of the Estill Springs mob? We know there will not be any such effort. There never is. Was there any effort made to prevent mob violence in this case? Let us consider the facts: The Negro committed the crime Friday afternoon. He was not taken by officers till Tuesday forenoon. We all knew a mob was hunting him and that he would be lynched when taken. County officers were heard to say Friday night that he would be lynched. Newspaper reporters from Nashville came out to report the burning and followed the officers and dogs all night. Yet nobody came from Nashville or from anywhere else to prevent mob violence. The Negro was found in Warren County Monday, and men from Estill Springs had ample time to go to the scene. Tuesday morning newspapers carried the report that he was found and held at bay. He was captured, after having been wounded about 11 o'clock Tuesday, and the report reached Nashville in time to be published in the noon edition of The Banner. I was in Nashville and read the report while at luncheon. The Negro was taken to McMinnville and released by the officers of the law and committed to the men from Estill Springs, who I am told, were not officers. These men with their prisoner waited for a train at McMinnville and then came on to Tullahoma where they again waited for a train which leaves Nashville at 3:30 p. m. The train came, but did not bring anybody with authority to prevent mob violence. The men with the prisoner boarded the train for Estill Springs. The county jail is at Winchester where he should have been incarcerated and where his trial should have been held and that train came on to Winchester. Nobody in Winchester, however, was expecting the Negro brought there. The crowd had gathered at Estill Springs, for everybody knew what was to take place. On the streets of Winchester Evangelist Culpepper made a speech and begged people not to go to Estill Springs to witness the horrible sight. According to schedule the captors of the Negro got off the train with him at Estill Springs and there he was tortured and burned alive. Now, in view of all these facts, and I think they can be verified, it seems useless, nay, it seems weak and spineless if not hypocritical for us to send up a lugubrious wail about a certain class of ignorant and misguided people bringing a stain on our state and our South. We are guilty of criminal negligence, if not of acquiescence in the brutal deed, and we would as well confess it with bowed heads and take what the Northern papers give us. I doubt if they will give us more than we deserve Yet let it be understood that I am a Southerner, a native of Tennessee, and my people on both sides were Confederate soldiers. I'll tell you there is no use in disguising facts. We all know that the common people of our state understand that nothing will be done when they lynch a "Nigger " In fact, there is a sentiment among them— THE LOOKING GLASS I am one of them; I was reared among them and I have had opportunity to see five lynchings in my life—that a community that would permit a "Nigger" to commit a brutal crime and escape lynching would be untrue to our traditions, devoid of chivalry and lacking in real manhood. No doubt of it. Of course, they always expect a few "high brows" and "sissies" to whine when they see the blood or hear the frying flesh, but the real men, the real sons of the South, the descendants of the Ku Klux are not going to let a "Nigger" get by with such crimes. Perhaps the most illuminating document born of this whole horrible affair is a letter published in the Nashville Banner. It is without signature, but was mailed from the southeastern part of the state. The editor says: While the letter displays ignorance, provincialism and prejudice, it does not come from the wholly illiterate class. The penmanship is good and it gives generally indication of rudimentary education. The writer evidently reads a daily newspaper. This is the letter verbatim: Dear Sir: I read your article in Chattanooga Times in regard to the negro Linching at Estill Springs. And I want to say in reply that am very thankful that Estill Springs has got the nerve to hold up for her rights. What right has a negro to just walk up and shoot our white men and women and run over them in the most cruel manner, after the white man went to Africa and sent him to America and gave him all the Learning he has today? He was no more than an ape when he came from Africa. You went on far enough to put our Holy Bible down with such a low down thing as a negro Linching. Now if you want to use the bible in this matter why Not take it to a Bible standpoint? You said the negro was made in Gods own image, and the most prominent men of the day (Evangelists) claim that the white man is made in Gods own Image. Now the only way you can get any history as to the negro being any human, is that Cain when he killed his Bro. (Abel) he was sent to the Land of Knod, and there was a mark placed upon him so all Nations would know him, and he (the negro) is the only Black man we have, and it is surely the mark that was put on Cain. But now lets go a little further on. Was there any women in the Land of Knod? How could he have any wife when there wasn't any women there? He surely had to get him an Ape for a wife didn't he? Did you ever see the Skeleton of a negro and the Skeleton of an ape place together? I have, and you cant tell one from the other if you did not know. The Bones of each is red and the Negro has no bone in his nose at all. Ive got one in mine and Surely if the Negro is an Image of God the white man is not, for surely he hasnt got two Images. So Thanks to Estill Springs for taking interest enough in their own Race to go and get the Negro. Let the conscience of America remember that it is this kind of person to whom the bishops of the church, the leaders of society and the editors of The Outlook have com mitted the settlement of the Negro prob lem! As the New York Nation says: Had any such item as this come out of Belgium or Armenia, we should know what to think of the unspeakable Germans and Turks responsible. A wave of horror would sweep over the country and there would be an extra rush to the enlistment offices. But when Americans thus debase themselves, nobody volunteers to end the evil, nobody speaks about it—at least, nobody who is white—and we complacently turn to the congenial task of setting up democracy in Germany. "The application of red-hot irons" is now a regular feature of these tortures —this is the second of the kind within a couple of weeks. In the other case, the man's eyeballs were slowly burned out— without even an apology to the Sioux. There is a Canadian soldier going around the country deeply stirring our rural communities with the tale of the crucifixion of three Canadians by German fiends. What reception would one of our black soldiers get if he were to lecture on the fiendishness of burnings in the South? NEGRO ART. EXTRAORDINARY note is being taken today of the artistic side of Negro life, particularly in music and dancing. Karleton Hackett says in the Chicago Evening Post: The only distinctive thing in our music, which is the spontaneous product of our soil and without trace of European influence, is this curious syncopated rhythm known as ragtime—and how the elect do rage about it still as a noxious weed in their carefully tended garden of art! Yet being a plant indigenous to the soil, and consequently of hardy growth, it thrives despite them, and to my way of thinking will plague them more and more as time goes on, until, mayhap, it will come to be recognized as no weed but of worth as an out-flowering from our land. If high-sounding words could have killed, it long since would have withered, but it waxes daily and is forcing its way into our symphony halls. If only some of our painstakingly imitative art had the vigor of this condemned outlaw! "DOING A MIDNIGHT AUDIENCE AT THE BOOKER WASHINGTON THEATRE, ST. LOUIS, MO. THE El TOBACCO FUND OF THE COLORED 26 a BIT." PROCEEDS WERE DONATED BY THE COLORED PROPRIETOR OF THE THEATRE TO THE FTEES AT CAMP FUNSTON, KAN. 27 "THE BUFFALOES" Underwood &amp; Underwood. THE 367th (Colored) INFANTRY OF THE NATIONAL ARMY WITH COLORED LINE OFFICERS MARCHING UP FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK 28 THE LOOKING GLASS A writer in the Cedar Rapids, Iowa, Republican says of Burleigh's arrangement of Negro Folk songs: There are nights when overhead rises a star-set dome, a gem encrusted surface, and there are other nights when the stars lie deeper, when the blue-black distances between are deep as night itself. The simple versions of these spirituals are charged with religious ecstasy, but it is shallow, as ephemeral as an April shower, while the arrangements under discussion attain a solidity that causes us to suspect that in them the Negro voices a religious security as old as creation. Older than hope, deeper than grief, more tender than tears, more substantial than eternity—the utterance of a race unshaken in faith though subjected to earth's vilest torments. The depth which has been added to these songs is a universal quality which may remove them from the Negro as his peculiar property, and give them to the world at large. Mr. Burleigh has preserved them in harmonies that belong to modern methods of tonal progression, but these progressions have not pressed out of the melodies their racial flavor. The wild grape has been transformed into a delicious wine. Finally, Max Endicoff tells of a mid-night pilgrimage to a New Jersey city in the New York Call: A single spluttering gas flame spit a spiral wave of sooty smoke toward the low ceiling and shot a yellow circular wave into the darkness, thrusting deep shadows into the corners. Up against the bar and alongside the walls a dozen Negroes, or more, lounged with that easy animal grace, so naturally inherent to them. They all maintained a strange quietude, with only an occasional sibilant whisper tearing through the silence like a streak of lightning across black skies. All eyes were centered attentively on a young buck and a wench, in close embrace, going through a rhythmic dance interpretation of the hiccoughing music that stuttered from a chronically asthmatic player-piano. But what was this music on the cylindrical roll, with its queer hieroglyphic excisions? Was it a popular dance tune, a rag-time melody, a jazz strain or a tuneful hymn? Oh, no. It was nothing less than the prelude and liebestod from Wagner's "Tristan and Isolde." And it was to this intense, surging and tumultuous cry of love passion that the two young Negroes pirouetted with an inconceivably imaginative conception of appropriate movement of the limbs. Considering the rhythmless character of the music (from a terpschorean point of view) the performance was amazing for its audaciousness and precocity. And equally astounding was the cool, nonchalant attitude of the onlookers, who critically studied each movement of the dancers and quietly commented upon them among themselves. The Negro is finding an opening door in the field of dramatic art. This is as it should be—for true art knows no color line. Three groups of Negro players who have appeared on the New York stage during the past two years have given evidence of that fact. • The Lafayette Players, composed entirely of Negro actors, have played in a house located in the distinct Negro district of New York City and patronized largely by Negro theatre-goers. The Negro Players, composed entirely of Negro actors, have played Ridgely Torrence's works in two houses located in the distinct theatre district of New York City and patronized largely by white theatregoers. A third group of Negro actors presents a different phase of this interesting field of art. This season has brought to New York the beautiful and colorful "Chu Chin Chow," a musical tale of the East, in which thirty and more Negro actors work along, side by side and in pleasing harmony, with their upwards of two hundred co-workers of various races—a veritable assemblage of peoples of both hemispheres. These Negro actors take well their parts—from the small brown-faced smiling lad of eight, who disports himself in his Eastern habiliments while carrying the weighty bags of treasure, to the overgrown and loud-mouthed "Son of the Bean Seller in the Streets of Ancient Bagdad." But way and above and beyond her kinsmen and distinctly one of the outstanding characters of the entire cast stood Matty Thomas, who, until her recent and unexpected and lamentable death, took the part of "Bostan, the half-witted servant whose dialect no one understands but her mistress." The New York Times said: The serving woman in Ali Baba's house speaks only in some uncouth and unintelligible jargon, but with an expression so characteristic, so eloquent, that one seems to understand and rejoices that such evil is not conveyed in words. The New York Evening World commented thus: The work of the young Negro girl, Matty Thomas, who plays the role of Bostan, the half-witted servant of Mahbah, shows skilful training. This girl was among a score or more who answered an advertisement for "supers" for "Chu Chin Chow." Mr. Swete picked her from the mob, and she made good. She speaks nothing but a jumble of Arabian words taught her by Mr. Swete. But even funnier than her performance is the fact that she was a Tenth Avenue laundress before she worked her way to the stage, a Madam Sans Gene, as it were, with a touch of color. It is Matty Thomas whom TH E CRISIS presents as a cover page to its readers. The Horizon MUSIC AND ART. THE combined choral and orchestral so cieties of the six Higher Institutions for Negro Education in Atlanta, Ga., which included a chorus of five hundred voices, gave an intercollegiate benefit concert on March 22. Kemper Harreld was the director. Henry F. Gilbert's "The Dance in Place Congo," ballet pantomine after a story of old New Orleans by George W. Cable, was one of two novelties presented in March at the Metropolitan Opera House. The New York Times heralds Mr. Gilbert's work, not only as "all American," sincerely and genuinely based on the folk songs of the American Negro, familiar Southern tunes in an 'artistic score, but as "the most artistic piece of Negro ragtime rhapsody Broadway has shown." No other American composer has written so prolifically or sincerely or with deeper sympathy after the Negro idiom than Henry F. Gilbert, who declares the true American yet in the making and who will be a fusion of all races in a perfect one. The Anglo-African was represented on the program of the Bristol Musical Club, Bristol, England, by Coleridge Taylor's "Fantasiestuck." Coleridge-Taylor's "Drake's Drum," a part song, was sung in Plymouth, England, at a concert given by a choir of twenty male voices, musicians in the R. N. Air Service, under the direction of Cecil Moon. The Soldiers' Unit of Boston, Mass., connected with the Circle for Negro War Relief, gave three Sunday afternoon musicales in March. The churches offering their auditoriums were Ebenezer Baptist Church of Boston, the First Universalist Church of Everett, and the First Parish Unitarian Church of Cambridge. Volunteer talent included Mme. Estelle Clough, Adah Gaskin Mason and Gertrude O'Neal, soprano; William H. Richardson, baritone; Maud Cuney Hare, pianist; Louisa V. Jones and Clarence Cameron White, violinists. Marion E. Anderson, contralto of Philadelphia, Pa., was heard in a recital at the Twelfth Baptist Church, Boston, Mass., on March 14. "The Seven Last Words," by DuBois, was given by the Howard University Choir at Rankin Memorial Chapel, Washington, D. C, on March 24. The soloists were Margaret Rhodes, soprano; Roland W. Hayes, tenor, and Frank Harrison, baritone. Madame Marie Selika, first coloratura-soprano of note of Negro blood, received a hearty welcome at The Guardian Benefit Concert, Monroe Trotter, Editor, on March 21, at Shawmut Congregational Church. Musical Courier says of the singing of William H. Richardson at the Theodore Schroeder Salon-Musicale, held on March 3 —"The colored baritone, William H. Richardson, was heard in a modern French song, 'Le Portrait,' Schumann's 'Two Grenadiers' and 'Go Down, Moses,' a Negro spiritual by H. T. Burleigh. His rich and resonant baritone is a genuine pleasure to hear. Careful training, deep thought and a broad interpretative sense were marked features of his singing." Emily Harford, Sylvia Fairweather and Kathleen Narelle appeared recently at a music-lecture recital at the Music School Settlement for Colored People, New York City. During March, James Weldon Johnson gave an address on "The Negro in Music and Art." Remarks were made by the noted American violinist, David I. Mannes, and Rev. F. A. Cullen. Musical illustrations were given by Mrs. Blanche Deas Harris, soprano; Ethel Richardson, pianist, and William Butler, Jr., violinist. One thousand soldiers of the 367th colored infantry gave a concert at Manhattan Opera House after the triumphal march of the regiment up Fifth Avenue. Musical instruments of all kinds, including violins, 'cellos, guitars, banjos, mandolins and brass or mouth instruments, are needed by the colored musicians of the Ninety-second Division. They may be sent to Captain Sam Bucklew, Camp Funston, Kan. At the April concert of the Schola Cantorium, Carnegie Hall, New York City, Negro folk-songs, newly collected by Natalie Curtis Burlin, were presented. 30 THE HORIZON Colored regimental bands at Camp Meade have developed unusual efficiency and received wide commendation by their playing. A patriotic festival, "Who Follow the Flag," was given in Princeton, N. J., by pupils of the Colored Public School. Mae C. Porter gave a recital to six hundred people in the City Hall Auditorium, Dallas, Texas. She presented a gold medal to Daisy Young for the best song on the program. Joseph Douglass, the violinist, appeared at Talladega College recently in selections from Coleridge-Taylor and Kreisler. He was accompanied by Carl R. Diton. Genevieve Quivers played Mendelssohn's Concerto in G Minor at a recent recital of the Goudey Music School, Stockton, Cal. Frederick D. Allen will exhibit oil paintings at the annual exhibition of the Toledo Federation of Art Societies at the Toledo Museum of Art, April 7 to May 7. W. H. Graham, a colored man, was awarded third place for his composition, "March Militare," in the National Army Musical Contest held at Camp Funston, Kans., among one thousand contestants. Lieut. John Philip Sousa was the judge. The "Birth of a Race" photoplay corporation, which has been promoting a film based on the life of the late Booker T. Washington, has gotten in trouble with the State of Illinois, by not complying with its law as to the sale of stock. They have issued a circular which makes a number of prominent people appear as officers and directors and have promised large returns. Julius Rosenwald has threatened suit unless his name is withdrawn from their circulars. The rendition of Faust at the Lafayette Theatre, New York, and at the Howard Theatre, Washington, D. C , by colored players was an unusually commendable presentation. The Mephisto of William B. Townsend and the Marguerite of Abbie Mitchell merited especial mention. C On April 3, Roland W. Hayes, tenor; William H. Richardson, baritone; and Maud Cuney Hare, pianist, gave a recital of jubilee, folk-lore and classical selections at New Nixon Theatre, for the benefit of the Arctic Avenue Branch of the Y. M. C. A., Atlantic City, N. J. The Sedalia Singers, quartet of women's voices from Palmer Memorial Institute of North Carolina, appeared in a concert at Jordan Hall, Boston, Mass., assisted by Roland W. Hayes, tenor. William S. Lawrence was the accompanist. Melville Charlton was musical director of the opera "Martha," rendered at the Waldorf-Astoria, March 14, in New York City. MEETINGS. THE Colored Druggists' Association of the District of Columbia, has held its annual session. Dr. W. C. Simmons is head of the organization. A Southern publicity committee, with members in every Southern State, has been organized by liberal white Southerners, headed by James H. Dillard and Mrs. John D. Hammond. The aim is to give publicity to facts concerning co-operation and good will between the races. Five thousand colored people from all parts of Georgia attended a food conservation convention in Atlanta. Schools were closed and the Governor made a speech. A conference on Negro education, attended by the presidents of leading colored colleges of South Carolina, was held at Orangeburg. Seven hundred delegates attended the Laymen's Missionary Movement of Colored Churches in South Carolina. The New Orleans Public High School for Colored People has held its first public exercises. The State Medical and Pharmaceutical Association of Colored Doctors met in New Orleans, May 1 and 2. A summer school will be held at the Ne gro A. &amp; T. College at Greensboro, N. C, June 24 to August 3. The Louisiana Negro Civic League held a conference in New Orleans last month, for better school facilities, higher wages, children's playgrounds and the suppression of mob violence. THE WAR. THE Recreation Club for enlisted men in South Carolina has become affiliated with the Fosdick Commission and is known as the Charleston Colored War Camp Com munity Service. Dr. Hulda Proileau is general chairman of the activities. The Mary Church Terrell Red Cross Aux THE CRISIS iliary has been formed by colored women in Sioux City, Iowa. The members have pledged to complete fifty pairs of pajamas each week. Seventy-five Negroes in Pittsburgh, Pa., have formed a Home Defense League. Frank Sutton is chairman of the movement. The drafted Negroes at Camp Gordon, Atlanta, Ga., form the 514th Engineer Service Battalion under Major Sydney Smith of New York. Over four hundred relatives and friends attended an "at home," given the colored officers at Camp Dix. The War Recreation Board has opened a club for Negro soldiers at Camp Zachary Taylor, Louisville, Ky. Prof. A. E. Meyzeek, Principal of the Booker T. Washington School, is chairman of the Club Committee. Seventy-five thousand Negroes have already been certified for service in the National Army, or eight per cent of the total enlistment. Of every one hundred colored men called thirty-six were certified for service, as against twenty-five out of every one hundred white men. The Chicago Daily News has presented the 370th colored regiment, under Colonel F. A. Dennison, a stand of colors. INDUSTRY. THE Payton Apartments Corporation has been formed of Negroes to buy the six elevator apartment houses for Negroes in Harlem, New York, the property of the late Philip A. Payton, valued at $1,500,000, from the Philton Holding Company. In the company are E. C. Brown and Andrew F. Stevens, bankers of Philadelphia; W. H. C. Brown, Emmett J. Scott, and Heman E. Perry, President of the Standard Life Insurance Company of Atlanta, Ga. The United Brotherhood of Elevator and Switchboard Operators in New York City has become affiliated with the American Federation of Labor. The Negro Commercial Association, Inc., of Denver, Colo., has opened a grocery store and issued The Colorado Progress, edited by the Rev. Messrs. D. E. Over and H. B. Brown. It aims to advance mercantile interests among the colored people. In Charleston, S. C , colored women are being employed to load and unload freight cars and as carpenters. At the Immigration Building five hundred colored women are engaged in the manufacture of clothing for the navy. At Savannah, Ga., forty colored women have been employed for sewing and as cleaners and helpers. At Brunswick, Ga., hundreds of colored women are employed in the shrimp and oyster canning factories. The Farmers' Co-operative Mercantile Company of Mound Bayou, Miss., reports for 1917 resources of $41,994. It has a capital of $8,000, undivided profits of $12,373, and its sales during the year amounted to $62,361. The stockholders bought their shares at five dollars and have received three dollars in dividends on every share, besides being credited with $12.70 in undivided profit. A labor union of colored employees of the stockyards has been started in Chicago. Among the 1,275 men employed at Hog Island, near Philadelphia, during the first week in March were 450 colored men. The immigration officials of Canada have decided to import colored West Indians, rather than Chinese, to supply the labor shortage. Negroes from the Bahama Islands are to be imported into this country as farm laborers. The thirtieth annual report of the Berean Building and Loan Association of Philadelphia, Pa., shows that during the year 1917 its income was $105,196 with a balance of $3,002. Its assets, consisting of mortgages, stock loans, cash and real estate, were $267,888. The expenses of running the association for the year amounted to $879. SOCIAL PROGRESS. THE Associated Charities of Pittsburgh for the first time in its history is employing a colored social worker, Edith L. Spurlock. Negroes of Atchison, Kans., under the leadership of W. E. Gray, John Kelly, Lloyd Kerford, Clyde Briggs, and others, recently secured over $1,500 for a community house for Negro troops at Camp Funston. Two Negroes have been added to the St. Louis, Mo., police force: Charles Johnson and John Kunz. THE HORIZON Colored janitors of the Court House and Hall of Records, Los Angeles, Cal., have been restored to the charge of a colored chief, L. G. Robinson. A model apartment house has been opened for Negroes in Springfield, Mass., through the activities of St. John's Church, of which the Rev. Dr. W. N. De Berry is pastor. Of the $4,000,000 budget of the Y. W. C. A. for war work $200,000 will be used for work among Negro women and girls, which would seem to be one-half their rightful quota. A Catholic Negro Hospital has been es tablished in Memphis, Tenn. In nine months 284 patients have been received. It has lately added a training school for nurses and a free dispensary. A recreation center for colored girls has been opened by the Recreation Association at the Dart School in Charleston, S. C. The Baltimore Branch of the colored Y. M. C. A. has a membership of over eleven hundred. C Public School No. 89, in the Harlem section of Manhattan, on February 1 had sold $4,080 worth of Thrift Stamps. There are over 1,800 Negro pupils in the school. A twenty days' drive for an increased membership for the colored Y. M. C. A. in New York City resulted in an addition of 535 members. The chairman and clerk of the local Ex emption Board of Talliferro County, Ga., have been removed by President Wilson for discrimination against Negroes. A second separate street car bill has been killed in the Louisville, Ky., Board of Al dermen. The United Brothers of Friendship, a colored fraternity, has erected a fifty thous and dollar building in Houston, Texas. The Mercy Hospital and Nurses Train ing School has been opened in Detroit, Mich. Hampton claims the championship in the basketball season, having defeated the Dun bar High School, Shaw, Carlisle, Lincoln and Howard. A delegation of Negroes, led by Bishop W. D. Chappelle, of the A. M. E. Church, has been received by President Wilson. A petition asking that lynching be made a Federal offense, was presented. The National League on Urban Conditions Among Negroes has received a fund of $3,200 for social welfare work in East St. Louis. White citizens of Tennessee have formed a Law and Order League to stop lynching by a campaign of education, including literature, lectures, etc. The State of Ohio maintains no library at its Columbus Penitentiary. All the books are donated by the public and various publishing houses. Gifts of books in which colored prisoners would be interested may be sent to Chaplain T. O. Reed, Ohio Penitentiary, Columbus, Ohio. The House of Representatives of Kentucky has submitted a constitutional amendment making sheriffs and jailers responsible for prisoners taken from their custody. The extraordinary decisions of the New York Court of Appeals interpreting the Civil Rights Law have been noted. Two decisions have exempted bootblack stands and saloons, while the third decision opens parks and dance halls. A comprehensive amendment of the law has been passed by the Legislature and will probably be signed by Governor Whitman. The Executive State Council of Defense of West Virginia has appointed thirty colored men and women as an Auxiliary Advisory Council of Defense. J. C. Gilmer, former State Librarian, is the secretary and directing head with offices in the State House at Charleston. The Woman's Reformatory of Kansas City, Mo., is putting colored matrons in charge of the colored girls. They must have good common school education and will receive from $600 to $780 a year and maintenance. Applicants should apply to the Superintendent, 2015 Vine Street, Kansas City, Mo. A world's record for bread-baking has been established by Baking Company No. 328 of the Quartermaster's Department of the National Army. The bakers are composed of men from the Tenth and Twenty-fourth Infantries. They are established at Camp Cody, Deming, N. M. EDUCATION. THE Legislature of New Jersey has ap propriated for the fiscal year from July 1, 1918, to June 30, 1919, $93,900, including earnings, for the Bordentown School. THE CRISIS This amount includes maintenance and permanent improvements. Twenty-five students graduated from the four-year-course at Kortrecht High School, Memphis, Tenn. A benefit for Manassas Industrial School has been held in New York at iEolian Hall. Mile. Guiomar Novaes, Brazilian pianist, gave a recital. A colored public school to cost $170,000 with the site is to be erected in Baltimore. The report of the John F. Slater Fund for the year ending September 30, 1917, shows appropriations of $30,150 for county training schools, $12,000 to Hampton and Tuskegee, $9,150 to private secondary schools, and $17,500 to colleges. The income from the year 1916, including a balance from previous years, was $127,523. The annual public trial given by the Law Department of Howard University, devoted its proceeds to the Manassas Industrial School. Mather Industrial School, Beaufort, S. C. celebrated its fiftieth anniversary, March 23. Fifty thousand dollars has been appropriated for a new colored public school in Augusta, Ga. The Colored Central High School of Shreveport, La., has raised $1,016 for an auditorium. Newton Smith, a colored farmer of Caddo Parish, contributed $500. The fourth annual oratorical contest of the A. &amp; I. State Normal School, Nashville, Tenn., has been held. Two thousand dollars each was willed to Tuskegee Institute and the Calhoun School by the late Mrs. E. C. Farnham of New York City. Nearly three hundred colored communities in Alabama have complied with conditions laid down by Julius Rosenwald and raised enough funds to receive his aid in building school houses. The District of Columbia has purchased fourteen hundred copies of Miss L. E. Wilkes' "Story of Frederick Douglass," to be used as a literature primer for pupils of the seventh grade. A campaign for raising $65,000 for four Negro schools is being made in Texas. THE CHURCH. A RELIGIOUS census of men of the 366th Infantry, Camp Dodge, Iowa, taken January 30, 1918, showed 1841 Bap tists, 816 Methodists, 279 other church members, and 519 without church affiliation. Second Baptist Church in Detroit, Mich., has been destroyed by fire. The property, valued at $75,000, was insured for $20,000. Mother Zion A. M. E. Church in New York City has celebrated its 122d annual reunion. During the year 1917 the Catholic church raised $135,013 for its Negro and Indian missions. To this the United States Government added for Indians $142,629. The mission work among Negroes covers 112 churches with 123 priests and 150 schools; 7,454 persons were baptized during the year and 17,183 children taught. The Catholic church claims 105,053 communicants in the thirty cities where its mission work is being carried on. PERSONAL. JOHN R. McNEIL, a colored man, has been appointed Inspector of Hydrants in New York City at a salary of $1,500. James A. Hunster, who has been an employee of the Cincinnati Gas &amp; Electric Company for forty-seven years, has been pensioned. G. A. Sheehy, colored, of Philadelphia, Pa., has been appointed inspector of Leather for the Government. The town of Andy, Texas, has been granted a new post-office and by special legislation the name has been changed to Cuney, in honor of the late Norris Wright Cuney, a widely known colored Republican politician. Ersol William Martin, a colored member of the Naval Reserve Corps of South Philadelphia, was killed on the Von Steuben, formerly the raider, Kronprinz Wilhelm. He was eighteen-years old and a volunteer. Dr. Daniel S. Balekehu, of the Yoo tribe in Central Africa, who came to America in 1905 and is a graduate of Meharry Medical College, has been appointed Chief of Resident Physicians at Mudgett's Hospital, North Philadelphia. Mannie Taylor, of Florence, S. C , "somewhere in France," has been promoted to a corporalship. Charles H. Williams, of Hampton Institute, has been selected to make a study of recreational activities for colored soldiers in the sixteen cantonments. He will work under the Phelps-Stokes Foundation THE HORIZON and the Federal Council of Churches of Christ in America. Ann Meneese, of Nashville, Tenn., is dead at the age of 119. Half of her life was spent in slavery. Two sons, thirteen grandchildren, fifteen great-grandchildren, and three great-great-grandchildren survive her. Rosa Nixon, head of the Art Department at the Normal School in Montgomery, Ala., has accepted a place in the Colored High School in Baltimore, Md. Francis Kane, a member of the Twenty-fourth Infantry in France, has been given the red, white and blue salvage medal for catching a spy. He has three colonial medals for bravery and distinguished conduct. Several times he has been wounded in battle. James Thompson, colored, of Louisville, Ky., has been given a verdict of $6,000 against the New York Central Railroad Company for permanent injuries. Roscoe McKenney, a freshman at Bates College on a scholarship from Dunbar High School, Washington, D. C , has been chosen one of twelve from a class of 120 to compete in a public speaking contest. William A. Huskerson, a graduate of the Engineering School of Howard University, has been appointed Municipal Engineer and Inspector of Public Works of the District of Colon, R. de Panama. He has accepted a contract from the government to construct a twenty-mile road from New Providence to Colon. Attorney Robert L. Vann, of Pittsburgh, Pa., has been appointed Assistant City Solicitor. Oswald Garrison Villard addressed a mass meeting of colored people of New Orleans. DeWitt Purdue, a well-to-do colored West Indian, has left his library to the Colored High School at Huntington, W. Va. Charles Eaton Burch, of Bermuda, who was educated at Wilberforce, has received his Master of Arts degree in the Department of English and Comparative Literature, Columbia University. His thesis was "A Survey of the Life and Poetry of Paul Laurence Dunbar." Dr. W. E. B. DuBois has been lecturing to audiences aggregating over four thousand persons in Harrisburgh, Pa.; Dayton and Youngstown, Ohio; Detroit, Mich., and Syracuse, N. Y. Matty Thomas, the star of "Chu Chin Chow," died recently in New York City. Her funeral was attended by members of her company. A colored soldier, A. G. Coles, of Halifax County, Va., died recently at Camp Lee and left his little son his insurance of $10,000. The soldier's parents are prosperous farmers owning two hundred acres. Chaplain Clifford L. Miller has been assigned to the Tenth Negro Service Battalion at Camp Lee, Va. Sergeant R. W. Overton has been sent to the Officers' Training Camp for Aviators at Camp Funston, Kans. The Rev. Mr. G. W. Arnold, District Superintendent of the Atlanta District in the M. E. Church, is dead. Celia Parker Wooley, head of Frederick Douglass Center and a prominent social worker in Chicago, is dead. Captain J. E. Dunjill has replaced Captain W. R. Spencer as head of former Company L, Sixth Massachusetts Infantry. F. Q. Morton, Assistant District Attorney of New York County, is in charge of the drawing of indictments for the Grand Jury and has made an exceptional record. He was recently given a dinner in New York City, where white and colored people representing the Bench and Bar, united to do him honor. Judge J. F. Mulqueen, of the General Sessions; the Hon. William S. Bennett, ex-member of Congress, and William H. Lewis, ex-Assistant Attorney-General of the United States, were among the prominent persons participating. Sergeant J. R. A. Crossland, Jr., was buried with military honors at St. Joseph, Mo. John H. Brown, a colored private of the regular army, has been made Second Lieutenant at the training camp, Camp Sherman, Ohio. Governor Manning, of South Carolina, addressed a Negro race conference in Columbia. Hugh Bess has been appointed baggage master of the Union Station at Charleston, W. Va. Forty daily passenger trains use the station. Miss Florida Thomas graduated with honors from the Lucy Flower Technical High 36 THE CRISIS School, Chicago, Ill. She was a member of the Wiseacre Club, a school society which required its members to have an average of 95 per cent in all subjects. Miss Thomas will continue her studies at the Chicago Normal Teachers' College. James M. Morris, an attorney at law at Staunton, Va., has been especially commended by the chairman of the draft council for his work in preparing the colored registrants. George Mattlock, a private of the 25th Infantry and champion gunner, Hawaiian Island, has defeated contestants from three regiments. R. J. Smith, of Hartshorn, Okla., a prominent member of the United Mine Workers and various colored organizations, is dead. The City Council, of Urbana, Ohio, has a Negro member, J. A. Brown. Dr. Charles A. Martin has been elected vice-president of the Board of Health of Muncie, Ind. C John Borden, a colored farmer in Goldsboro, N. C, is the father of thirty-five children, fourteen of whom are serving i; the Army. Dr. Mary L. Brown has been commissioned by the Red Cross Society to go to France. Dr. Brown received her medical education at Howard, and took a post graduate course at Edinborough, Scotland. Margarita E. Lewis graduated from the Wendell Phillips High School, Chicago, Ill., with honors. During her four year course she maintained an average of 90 per cent. Miss Lewis has entered the Chicago Teachers' College, having made an average of 92 per cent, on her entrance examination. FOREIGN. THE Municipality of Port-of-Spain has an elective council, four-fifths of the members of which are colored men, four of them being physicians, two barristers-atlaw, one a solicitor, and one a prominent merchant. The London Observer has published a list of twelve Negro officers in the West African Forces who have been decorated for bravery. The National Party of South Africa, composed of Boers, has protested against Lloyd George's speech with reference to self-determination by the Aborigines of South Africa. His Royal Highness Daudi Chua, King of Uganda, has been decorated by King George with the Order of St. Michael and St. George. The Governing Council of the South African Native College has held its annual meeting. The Rev. Mr. James Henderson, M.A., was re-elected chairman. The college was open nine months and had thirty-one students. CRIME. GOVERNOR CATTS, of Florida, and members of the Board of State Institutions, have leased 789 convicts, most of whom are Negroes, to the highest bidder. The state will receive $360 per year for the hire of each prisoner. Emma Vigil, a thirteen year old white girl of Spokane, Wash., played truant from school and attended the movies. She then bit and bruised her arms and told a terrible tale of being kidnapped by a Negro. The police were notified and started to hunt for the black man, when the girl broke down and acknowledged that she had lied. The 450 colored vaudeville performers in the country are not admitted to the National Vaudeville Association, but are to be "permitted" to have an affiliated organization and elect their own officers. Two Catholic hospitals of Detroit, St. Mary's and Providence, refuse to receive Negro patients, although the former receives city funds. Even sick folks from the colored Catholic church are not admitted. The Supreme Court of Tennessee has upheld damages awarded certain white women, because between Memphis and Little Rock, Ark., three colored women ate in the same dining car on the Rock Island road. At Vicksburg, Miss., a Negro boy who stole a bicycle was given five years at hard labor, while a white man who stole $1,900 was given two years. The following lynchings have taken place since our last record: Monroe, La., March 16—George McNeel, hanged for alleged attack upon a white woman. Crawfordville, Ga., March 22—Spencer Evans, hanged; he was convicted of criminal assault upon a colored woman at the February term of court and sentenced to be hanged, but a mob took him from jail and lynched him. Lewiston, N. C, March 26—Peter Bazemore, for alleged attack upon a white woman. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER StandardLifeInsurance Company 200 Auburn Avenue Atlanta, Ga. Old Line (Not Fraternal—Nor Assessment) Legal Reserve Fifth Annual Statement To the Policyholders and Public Insurance in Force $5,174,491.00 Gain for 1917 $1,844,491.00 Total Income 203,266.10 (Premium and Interest) Gain for 1917 82,198.10 Admitted Assets 334,222.33 Gain for 1917 89,052.20 Policy Reserve and Other Liabilities 186,028.08 Gain for 1917 64,742.08 Surplus to Policyholders 148,194.25 Gain for 1917 24,310.25 Comparative Statement Number Insur-Year.Policies In Force. ance in Force. Premium Income. Death Losses. LegalReserve. Admitted Assets. Surplus to Policyholders. igi 3 481 $381,500 $10,293.68 None $7,639.00 $116,701.90 $104,198.00 1914 1,622 1,205,000 37,329.92 $2,625.00 22,545.61 131,248.48 106,730.00 1915 2,580 1,944,910 71,664.65 11,222.00 51,779.46 159,152.71 104,585.00 1916 4,069 3,330,000 114,794.08 19,012.91 ng,353-6 7 245,170.13 123,884.00 1917 6,172 5,174,491 193,066.35 32,760.40 181,078.43 334,222.33 148,194.25 The Company that gives to the race PROTECTION—INVESTMENT—EMPLOYMENT. STANDARD LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY Home Office ATLANTA, GEORGIA Mention TH E CRISIS. 38 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER SOUTHERN AID SOCIETY OF VIRGINIA, he. Sells Insurance That Protects Insurance that covers the whole field of life's emergencies in one policy: Sickness, Accident and Death, and perpetual in payments for disabilities. Of all investments that of insurance is the safest, because it pays at the crucial moment—it is not subject to the money market or the rise and fall of stocks and bonds; but pays promptly upon the death of each policyholder. Then why not select the best that is to be had—a policy that pays every week with Southern Aid Society of Va., Inc.? Also owning and operating the Va. Beneficial &amp; Insurance Co., Inc., at Norfolk, Va. Read a few testimonials from the thousands that are on file at home office in Richmond, Va. DREW $217.50 SICK BENEFITS and $500.00 DEATH CLAIM Richmond, Va., July 2, 1917. To Whom It May Concern: This is to certify that my wife, Mrs. Lelia V. James, 1104 Chaffin Street, was a member of Southern Aid Society of Va., Inc., for six and one-half years. During this time, she was sick on several occasions and whenever she reported her illness to the Society, she received her sick dues promptly. Her last illness extended from the latter part of November, 1916, to June, 1917. The Society sent her money to her bedside each week, from December 6, 1916, to June 6, 1917, and at her death paid over to me the Death Claim of $500.00. I take pleasure in recommending the Southern Aid Society of Va., Inc., to anyone who wants a sure policy of protection all through life. Respectfully yours, GEORGE JAMES, Husband. CLARENCE JAMES, Witness. $500.00 DR. THOS. A. STEVENS' DEATH CLAIM 1007 Sixth St., Lynchburg, Va. Southern Aid Society of Va., Inc., February 10, 1917. Richmond, Va. Gentlemen: Kindly accept my sincere thanks for your check of $500.00 in full payment of death claim of my husband, Dr. Thomas A. Stevens, who died February 6, 1917. The above named check was delivered to me Thursday, February 8, 1917, by your superintendent, Mr. R D. Burton. I shall always speak in the highest terms of your company, and pray God's blessings upon the work. Respectfully, MRS. THOMAS A. STEVENS. Southern Aid Society of Virginia, Inc. HOME OFFICE: 527 N. 2nd St., Richmond, Va. District offices and agencies in all the principal cities of the State. INSURES AGAINST SICKNESS, ACCIDENT AND DEATH. A. D. PRICE, President. THOS. M. CRUMP, Secretary. B. L. JORDAN, Asst. Secretary. Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER THE NORTH CAROLINA MUTUAL AND PROVIDENT ASSOCIATION Home Office, DURHAM, N. CAROLINA m The Oldest, Largest and Strongest Old Line Legal Reserve Negro Life Insurance Company in the World Abstract from Financial Statement for 1917 Shows: Total Income—1917 $ 624,794.31 Total Disbursements—1917 523,915.7o INCOME OVER DISBURSEMENTS $ 100,878.61 Admitted Assets 358.363.97 Liabilities (Including $258,918—Legal Reserve).. 270,801.51 Unassigned Funds (Surplus) 87,562.46 INSURANCE IN FORCE $11,157,472.00 $130,000.00 DEPOSITED WITH INSURANCE DEPARTMENTS For the Protection of the Policyholders Amount Paid in Claims Since Organization $1,736,504.50 Your Chance to Buy Stable Life Insurance from $500 to $5,000. POLICIES WITH ALL MODERN PROVISIONS, INCLUDING A PERMANENT DISABILITY CLAUSE. John Merrick, President A. M. Moore, M. D., Sec'y and Treas. C. C. Spaulding, Vice-President and General Manager J. M. Avery, Assistant Gen'l Manager E. R. Merrick, Ass't Sec'y Mention THE CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER WHY NEW YORK REAL ESTATE GROWS IN VALUE When it is realized that the permanent increase in population of New York in one year was 400,000 equaling the population of Cleveland, Ohio, some idea of the tremendous growth of the city is appreciated.—National Magazine. PUT YOUR DOLLARS IN IMPROVED NEW YORK CITY REAL ESTATE You have heard of the Payton Apartments, Nos. 117-127-135 West 141st Street, and Nos. 130-140-148 West 142nd Street, New York City, the finest owned and controlled by colored people in the world, set aside for the tenantry of colored families. A proper idea of the magnitude of this proposition can be had only by taking into consideration that these houses cover a tract of over two and one-half acres, or thirty-three full city lots. These six large, modern, de luxe elevator apartment houses contain 306 apartments, 1466 rooms, and will house more than 1500 people. They were constructed at a cost of one and a half million dollars. The Payton Apartments Corporation, incorporated under the laws of the State of New York, with a capitalization of $250,000.00, was organized to take title to these valuable properties. The Directorate of the Corporation is made up of the following well known men: E. C. Brown, President, is a Banker and Real Estate Operator of Philadelphia, Pa. Andrew F. Stevens, Vice President, is a Banker and President of the Home Extension Insurance Association of Philadelphia. Emmett J. Scott, Secretary and Treasurer, is Secretary of Tuskegee, Alabama. He is also one of the Assistant Departmental Heads at Washington. W. H. C. Brown, Director, is an Investment Banker, Washington D. C. Heman E. Perry, Director, is President of the Standard Life Insurance Co., Atlanta, Ga. We have published a little booklet, illustrated, telling all about this remarkable proposition. It tells how for as small a sum as five dollars a month for a few months you can become a part owner in the largest real estate proposition in the world undertaken by Negroes. Send for Booklet today. It is free for the asking. E. C. BROWN COMPANY Investment Securities 427 S. BROAD STREET PHILADELPHIA, PA. Mention THE CRISIS, THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 4 1 De white man he got ha'f the crop Boll-weevil took, de res'! Ain't got no home, Ain't got no home. TO find better homes and better jobs Negroes are migrating to northern industrial towns. But too often their search is rewarded with living and working conditions that are little improved. George Edmund Haynes, educational secretary of the National League on Urban Conditions among Negroes, writes two articles on Why Negroes Move North In THE SURVEY NATIONAL JOURNAL OF SOCIAL WORK 112 E. 19th Street, New York City Price $3 a year With The Crisis $3.50 Mention TH E CRISIS. 42 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Here Is What We Offer An opportunity to become part owner in the new Dunbar Theatre, on the corner of Broad and Lombard Sts., Philadelphia, now being constructed at a cost of nearly Four Hundred Thousand Dollars. The Dunbar Theatre, in addition to being one of the handsomest and most modern theatres in Philadelphia, will be the best located of any colored theatre in the United States. It is situated on the theatrical street of Philadelphia — Broad Street — four squares from City Hall; quite near the Wanamaker store; within the shopping and financial centres; three squares from the famous Forrest Theatre; two squares from the South Broad Street Theatre, Academy of Music, and the new million dollar Shubert Theatre. The Dunbar Theatre will be located at the beginning of an almost solid community for a long distance, beginning with Lombard Street and extending South and West, and having a population of nearly 150,000. No better location could be secured in any city in the United States. From a pure sense of real estate value, no better site could be selected. Real Estate in central Philadelphia, only four squares away, brings $10,000.00 a front foot; at Broad and Locust Streets, two squares away, $9 ,000.00 a front foot; at Broad and Pine, one square away, $4 ,000.00 a front foot. Broad and Lombard Streets of "today" will be Broad and Locust Streets of "tomorrow"; so certain is the real estate in this district to advance in value. Colored theatres, or rather theatres employing colored talent and appealing directly to colored patronage, when located in cities where there are large colored populations, have long since passed the experimental stage; and in every instance they prove big money makers. Do you want to share in the enormous profits that will be derived from this money-making undertaking? DO YOU WANT TO BECOME A PART OWNER OF THE HANDSOMEST—THE MOST MODERN —BEST LOCATED AND LARGEST THEATRE OWNED BY COLORED PEOPLE IN THE WORLD?' Do you want to become part owner in a theatre located on the finest street in Philadelphia — a theatre where colored people can go and witness high class performances without suffering the humiliation of being segregated to the gallery? FINALLY, DO YOU WANT TO MAKE MONEY? DO YOU WANT YOUR DOLLARS TO WORK AS HARD FOR YOU AS YOU WORKED FOR THEM? If you do, send us your name and address, and we will show you how a few dollars monthly can be invested safely and profitably. This information will cost you nothing — but may mean hundreds of dollars to you. Write to-day. E. C. BROWN COMPANY Investment Securities 427 S. BROAD ST. PHILADELPHIA Mention THE CRISIS.. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 43 ROLAND W. HAYES, Tenor RECITALS CONCERTS ORATORIO OPERA HIS VOICE IS RICH, PURE, FREE AND GRACEFULLY LYRIC; LENDS ITSELF EASILY TO DRAMATIC PASSAGES. NOT ONLY HAS HE A VOICE THAT MANY MIGHT ENVY. HE ALSO HAS THE GIFT OF INTERPRETATION. HE CATCHES ALMOST INSTINCTLY THE MOOD OF THE POET AND COMPOSER.— PHILIP HALE, IN BOSTON HERALD. HE COMBINES A PLEASING AND WELL TRAINED VOICE, PARTICULARLY WELL USED, WITH NOTABLE ABILITY TO EXPRESS THE MEANING OF HIS SONGS, EXCELLENT ENUNCIATION AND LOVE FOR HIS ART.— BOSTON TRAVELER. ADDRESS: 130 BOYLSTON ST.. BOSTON. MASS. LULA ROBINSON-JONES Soprano Available for Concerts TELEPHONE 6393 MORNINGSIDE 126 W . 134TH STREET NEW YORK CITY FLORENCE COLE-TALBERT Soprano "SHE HAT ONE OF THE BEST VOICES THAT GOD HAS GIVEN HER RICE." —LOS ANGELES TIMES ENGAGEMENTS ACCEPTED FOR CONCERTS. RECITALS, ORATORIO 93 LOCUST STREET, DETROIT, MICH. Clarence Cameron White VIOLINIST "Critics are one in their high estimate of the splendid attainments of Clarence Cameron White and hisCon- '| cert appearance in your city means the musical event of the season." For terms and dates address 616 COLUMBUS AVENUE BOSTON, MASS. HARRY A . WILLIAMS. PUPIL OF DELLE SEDIE AND SBRIGLIA— Paris DERIZA AND TOSTI— LONDON. VOICE CULTURE Coaching and Repertoire French and Italian Songs a Specialty. 174 West 141st St., New York City. Telephone Audubon 8009. Theodore Drury Costume Song Recital Transcontinental Tour. Local Managers on line with Albany, Cleveland, Detroit, Chicago, St. Louis, Denver and San Francisco. Address: DRURY AS HIAWATHA 687 SHAWMUT AVENUE Shawmut Booking Agency BOSTON, MASS. Records of Negro Artists Do you own a phonograph of any make and have you tried to purchase records which would bring to your home the singing and playing of the best Negro artists ? Of course you were offered records of popular airs and popular music and possibly a few records of quartet songs by Negro singers. But that wasn't what you wanted. You wanted to bring to your home and to your family and to your friends the voice of the individual Xegro singer or the playing of the individual Negro performer who would take high rank among the invisible makers of music and singers of song whom the phonograph has brought to cheer your spare moments after the grind of the day's work is done. At last this is possible. Roland W. Hayes, the acknowledged leading singer of the Negro race, has brought out his first record and he has plans for many others in the very near future. Nothing else could so well introduce the series as the favorite and plaintive Negro melody "Swing Low, Sweet Chariot" This record sells for $1.5 0 and can be used on any machine using disc records. Address : ROLAND W. HAYES 130 Boylston Street Boston, Mass. MENTION T H E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 44 Atlanta University Studies of the NEGRO Problems 19 Monographs Sold Separately ADDRESS ATLANT A UNIVERSITY CONFERENCE ATLANTA UNIVERSITY ATLANTA, GA. Th e Curse of Race Prejudice By James F. Morton, Jr., A. M. A n aggressive exposure by an Anglo-Saxon cbampion of equal rights. Startling facts and crushing arguments. -Fascinating reading. A necessity for clear understanding and up-to-date propaganda. Belongs in the library of every friend of social justice. Price 25 cents. Send order to JAMES F. MORTON, JR. 211 West 153th Street •:• New York, N. Y. $25.00 PER WEEK na y be made in commissions by parties handling "History of Negro Soldiers in Spanish-American War " combined with "History of the Negro Race." 400 pages, 50 illustrations. Price $1.25 ne t Address! E. A. JOHNSON 154 Nassau Street NEW YORK RUTH, THE GLEANER | An Opera in Five Acts by J. A. BUTTERFIELD Presented by THE AIDA CHORAL SOCIETY "With a chorus of forty voices in elegant costumes and scenic effects. Under the direction of: Sidney Woodward, tenor of international fame, at Star Casino, 107th St. &amp; Park Avenue, New York City, on Thursday evening:, June 6, 1918. Miss Cleota J. Collins, a pupil of Lila Robertson of the Metropolitan Opera Company, will appear in the leading- role. Admission $ .50 Boxes seating twelve 5.00 " " nine 4.00 " " eight 3.00 Boxes on sale at the Music School Settlement from 2 to 10 P. M., also at 163 W. 143d St., Apt. 4 and from the members of the Choral. THE MUSIC MASTER New music monthly for colored folk edited by Wellington A. Adams. "Good idea." say Carl Diton and Clarence Cameron White. Intended as a mouthpiece for colored musicians and designed to foster organization among them and to encourage young composers and musicians. A PRIZE—$5.00 GOLD AWAR D for the best music composition bya colored musician is offered in our May issue. Send for copy and be our agent among teachers, pupils, etc. Address The Editor, 1911 9th St., N. W., Washington, D. C. $ 1.00 a year. 10 cents a cony. 12c. by mail. Have You Read "Morning Meditations and Other Selections" By Bishop R. A. Carter, A.M., D.D.? If you have not, send for a copy today. It is a book for thoughtful pastors. It is a storehouse of good things for aspiring young men and women. The book contains the choicest of the Bishops' sermons and addresses delivered to colleges, secret societies, General Conferences, etc. The sermons to the Odd Fellows and Knights of Pythias on their thanksgiving occasions have been pronounced by competent critics masterly expositions of the principles of these orders. You will enjoy reading "Dreams and Dreamers," "The Universal Law for Stars and Souls," "The Three Downward Steps in The Ministry." More than 200 pages beautifully bound in cloth. Now in its second edition. Price $1.25 a copy. Agents wanted. Liberal terms to the right persons. Order from Bishop R. A. Carter 398 Auburn Avenue, ATLANTA, GA. Agent s Wante dtosellgreatepicpoemto Hon. Frederick Douglass Historical and Epigramatic. Absorbing in interest; Inspiring in effect; Epic in subject and replet&gt; with incident. One Hundred and Eight Verses-- Illustrated. De Luxe Edition $1.00. Wnt e for terms. Enclose a 3c stamp. By Dr. M. A. Majors, 4714 State St., Chicago, Ill. THE NEGRO IN AMERICAN HISTORY Contains 296 Pages, 86 Chapters, Historical and Biographical, 17 Full Page Illustrations Printed on Fine Antique Book, Bound in Full Green Extra Cloth, Gold Title on Front Cover and Shelf Back. Price, net $1.25. Postage Prepaid $1.40. Order through any bookseller or direct from the author. Address JOHN W. CROMWELL 1439 Swann St. Washington, D. C. I will be through your territory soon Kindly save your orders for m e W. H. HARLESTON Made to measure CLOTHES NEW YORK Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 	45 If It Is For Your Lodge WE HAVE IT! W e manufacture Lodge Regalia for every Fraternal Society. Cash or Installment Plan. Cheapest Badge House in the Country. Catalogue for your Society FREE . CENTRAL REGALIA CO. The Negro Regalia House. JOS. L.JONES. Pres. N.	 E. Cor. 8th &amp; Plum Cincinnati, Ohio usts LOOK! of Booker T. Washington, Fred Douglass, Paul Laurance Dunbar and Bishop Richard Allen reduced from $1.50 to $1.00 each for 31 days, beginning MayI at " o'clock A. M., closing May 31 at 10 o'clock P. M. A fortunate pur chase of raw material permits us to make this	 offer for 31 days. SF.ND A T ONCE. The Isaac Hathaway Art Co. 718 S. Hickory Street Pine Bluff, Ark. Hale Infirmary and Nurse Training School The Colored Teachers' Bureau 328 Lake Street, Montgomery, Alabama. Will Help You Get A Better Paying Position. Hale Infirmary School of Nursing offers to in REGISTER NOW REASONABLE TERMS telligent young women between the age of eighteen and thirty-five a three years' course in the profes Address: Colored Teachers' Bureau sion of nursing. Students of this school are eligible to Alabama examinations for the degree of R. N. Box 22, Wilberforce, O. For further information apply to the superintendent. GOING TO 	For Cooks THE BIG FOUR BON TON BOOKS THE PRESS 	and Waiters The Southern Chef—$2.00. All Southern, Creole, Indian and Oriental dishes. The Broadway Chef—Salad Book—$2.00. All the new Salads, Dressings and Condiments. The Bon Ton Waiter—$1.00—On sale now. Concensus of service by the best American and European head waiters. The Bon Ton Tailor—$5,00—Second Edition. For Tailors, Dressmakers, Cleaners and Dyers. (Twenty-five years catered DALLA S GURLEY , to "New York's 400") 436 Lenox Avenue, New York City EXCELLENT OPPORTUNITY for Men and Women School of Mechanical Dentistry Complete in Eight Months. Night or Day Write for Booklet, etc. A. O. BRANSON &amp; CO., 52 W . 135th St., New York City Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Mme C. J.Walker'sPREPARATION for the HAIR Worth more than it costs The culmination of the genius ~ of Mme C, J. Walker is her wonderful Hair Grower and in itself is a wonderful creation for dandruff and falling hair. In fact, it invigorates dry and lifeless hair, stimulates circulation, thereby causing a new growth. Mme C. J. Walker's Preparations Vegetable Shampoo.asplendidfoodandthoroughcleanserfor thescalpandhair.Has ahealingeffecton asorescalp, are all now packed in SQUARE YELLOW BOXES with Mme. C. J. Walker's Seal and Signature on each outside package, which is YOUR GUARANTEE ALL Mme. C. J. WALKER'; THERE is nothing Inventions are re imaginary about the liable because they re World-Wide Fame of store and beautify the Mme. C. J. Walker's hair without injury to the Ultra-Quality Preparascalp and are used and tions. None genuine endorsed by thousands of without Mme. C. J. WalHair Dressers, Scalp Spe-ker's seal and signature. cialists, throughout the country, known as the W e have gone to a great deal of expense to put these preparations up in new yellow having a diploma from cardboard boxes, sealed with the Lelia College of Hair the Walker trade-mark as a Culture which signifies guarantee that you are getting the genuine Mme. C. J. Walker Walker Hair Dressers | Mme. C. J. Walker': Lelia College and Preparations which are "worth Walker Hair ParlorTetter Salve. One system. 110 W. l36thSt.,NewYorkmore than they cost. of the best known cures for ForMailOrdersandInformation Address dandruff, tetter and eczema Mme. C. J. Walker M'f'g Co, makes a friend once used if . Main Office, 640 N. West Street, Indianapolis, Ind. afflicted with this skin disease. Scientific, | Thorough, and Practical. Temple Crower. Recommended highly from those who have used it for growing hairon the temples or baldspots. Endorsed by thousands of hair dressers throughout USA Glosslne. Only to be used in dressing theHair and it will make short harsh hair behave and stay In place if usedas directed at thesame time imparts abeautifulglossto the hair Mention THE CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER THE STENOGRAPHERS' INSTITUTE 1227 So. 17th Street Philadelphia, Pa. Shorthand, typewriting, bookkeeping, business law, multigraphing, mimeographing, etc. Every man can rise from where he is to higher heights. Grit your teeth and rise in spite of all storms of discouragement. Let us aid you to rise to a $1,000 height and then you can go alone. $1,000 and $1,200 appointments in the Government Service through Civil Service Competitive Examinations for Typewriter Operators and Stenographers. The following students have been appointed since last September: Richard II. Hill, Jr., at Norfolk, Va.; Miss Helen L. Milton and Jimmerson R. Williams, at Philadelphia; Mr. H. H. Hocutt, Washington, D. C , now in Philadelphia; Miss Henrietta D. Seth has been certified at $l,000; Mr. Herbert C. Nelson is now receiving a salary of $1,650 at Philadelphia; Miss Ruth Bacon is on eligible list. We shall be pleased to advise graduates of other schools, who need no further training, free of charge. Summer School opens June 1st and closes August 31st. A three-months' course for public school teachers. Free Employment Service.— Persons desiring work as Clerks, Stenographers, or Domestics (no matter what school they are from, or where located) may rile their applications with us and we shall be pleased to put them in touch through correspondence with employers, anywhere, desiring their service. Employers arc urged to apply to us when in need of clerical or domestic aid. We are placing hundreds of people in positions, annually. Enclose stamp for reply. EDWARD T. DUNCAN, President LADIES WANTED Smart, ambitious, hustling women to enter business. Clear $15.00 to $25.00 per week. Easy—pleasant. I will show you how. Dr. BELL, 4709 State St., Chicago, Ill. French Dressmaking, Ladies' Tailoring and" Millinery. Special Courses in Designing, Copying, Draping, Making, Trimming, Finishing, Cutting and Fitting. A PRIVATE BOARDING SCHOOL FOR SPECIAL TRAINING. Individual Instruction. Write for Catalog. 4221 OAKENWALD AVENUE, CHICAGO, ILLINOIS Mme. BRIDGES' SCHOOL WE ARE NOW GIVING THE COURSE BY CORRESPONDENCE Special price for sixty days only $15.00, payable $10.00 with application and $5.00 when diploma is granted. Send $1.00 for thirty days' trial treatment. We teach only one person in a town, she teaches the rest. Our graduated agents are making money. DERMO COLLEGE CO. DERMO COLLEGE CO. 19 East 43d St. Chicago, Ill. MAKES YOU AN EXPERT IN HAIR AND BEAUTY CULTURE. CHICAGO AGENTS$60 WEEKLY Robinson Folding Bath Tub. Big seller. Costs AGENTS WANTED little, no plumbing, little water. Weight Men, women and High School boys to sell the most beautiful 15 pounds, folds into small roll. Full length baths far better than tin tubs. Guaranteed 10 years.. $10 patriotic picture ever made for colored people. "Colored Man is a day easily made, write for free tub offer. no Slacker," 16 x 20, five beautiful colors. You can coin ROBINSON CABINET MFG CO.4828Factories Bldg.. Toledo, Ohio money with this. Every home will want it. Agents selling 50 to 200 each per day. Over 200% profit. Also to sell Memorial Edition of the "Life and Works of Booker T. Washington." K 10 See the Selected List on Complete picture and outfit mailed for 25c. in stamps. HUSE SALES COMPANY. ATLANTA, GA. BOOKS* Inside Back Cover Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER "INDEPENDENT" STYLOGRAPHIC PENholds sufficient ink to writeDOES NOT 10,000words and LEAK OR BLOT Price $1.00 Cut shows size $1 It cannot be excelled for the business EACH pen is accompained with full directions, filler man, teacher, student or in the home for and cleaner and fully guaranteed to give absolute satwriting. It IS especially serviceable for the isfaction. Address. A. Holland. Box 3806. Phila, Pa SOLDIER in CAMP MOTHER'S HELPER SITUATIONS WANTED Young woman with a baby desires to Domestic Science, Mathematics, Biology, make her home with a cultured Christian History and Music—graduates—best testi woman; small remuneration or privilege to monials. do outside work. Cheerful disposition and Standard Teachers' Agency friendly interest essential. Suburbs or country north of Washington, D. C., pre (Established 1807) ferred. Address M, F. G., in care of the 1011 New York Avenue, "Washington, D. C. CRISIS, 70—5th Avenue, New York City. Beauty for Women CLEAR, SMOOTH SKIN -PERFECT HAIR FREE FREE Famous Deluxe Beauty Book, illustrated and complete. Sent to you postpaid free of charge. Tells all about the Kashmir Wa y and describes the wonderful methods which hundreds of women are using to get A Kashmir Girl pretty skin and hair. You can do the same. 5 or io minutes a day caring for your skin and hair the Kashmir Way will bring wonderful results. You Won't Know Yourself in a few days. WRITE TODAY DON'T SEND ANY MONEY KASHMIR CHEMICAL CO., Dept. K Room 419, 312 So. Clark Street Chicago, Ill. Buy Your Holiday Goods Now HAND MADE NATURAL HUMAN HAIR WIGS Transformations, Switches, Puffs, Plaits, Bangs, Coronet Braids, that can be combed the same as your own hair. Human hair for sale by ounce or pound. Hair NETS. W e Carry the Largest Stock in Electric Combs Mail Orders sent to any part of the U. S. or B. W. I. Send 2c for catalog. MIME. BAUM'S HAIR EMPORIUM, Inc. Pennsylvania Terminal. P. O. Box 145. New York City Mention TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 49 AGENTS WANTED! $3 to $12 Per Day PROF. KELLY MILLER'S new Progress of Colored People Teachers, students, male or female, ministers, widows, married women, anyone with spare time, can make $1 per hour. Everybody buys—it's easy to sell . Send 25c for salesmans sample and liberal terms; act today. AUSTIN JENKINS COMPANY, 523 Ninth Street; WASHINGTON, D. C. STENOGRAPHERS WANTED All Races Prepare in the beat school of its kind in the State Subjects Shorthand, Typewriting, Bookkeeping, English, Penmanship. Civil Service Training, and SPANISH. COMMERCIAL CLASS Lenox Community Center—at PUBLIC SCHOOL 89 Lenox Avenue and 135th St., New York City. Open All Year—Four Evenings Weekly. Fitz W. Mottley, President TEACHFRS A live agency furnishes the r connecting medium in a business way between teachers and schools and relieves teachers of the embarrassment of job hunting. We have had calls for teachers from Alabama, Arkansas, Delaware, District of Columbia, Florida, 1 ieorgia, Illinois, Indiana, Kansas, Kentucky, Maryland, Mississippi, Missouri, New York, North Carolina. Ohio, Oklahoma, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island. South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia and West Virginia. THE MUTUAL TEACHERS' AGENCY 1108 New York Avenue Washington, D. C. 100 CALLING CARDS 50 CENTS Calling and Business cards are good sellers at all seasons of the year. Liberal commissions. Write for samples and agent's terms. The House of Chowning, Indianapolis, Ind. HOTEL WASHINGTON First-Class Service for First-Class People 3427 South Park Avenue, Chicago, Ill. HOTEL DALE CAPE MAY, N. J. Comfort and Elegance without Extravagance This Magnificent Hotel, Located i the Heart of the Most Beautiful Seashore Resort in the World, is replete with every modern improvement superlative in construction, appointments, service and refined patronage. Orchestra daily garage, bath houses, tennis, etc., on premises Special attention given to ladies and children Send for booklet. E. W. DALE, Owner Open June 20th. Closed September 10th. THE OCEAN HOUSE Sea Isle City, N. J. This hotel is right on the ocean front. It has wide porches, large conservatory dining room where one has a beautiful view of the ocean while dining. Every room opens on the ocean. Special rates for July. Mrs. Lucy Lee, proprietor, 5 Plain St.. Elmhurst, L, I. Address after June 1st, Ocean House, Sea Isle City, N. J. Bell telephone connection, Beautiful Idlewild The most wonderfully ideal spot where young and old cast aside for the time all the cares and worries of their strenuous, nerve racking routine lives and romp and play once more as children and enjoy to the full nature in all her wondrous glory. The waters of the lake and surrounding trout streams are fairly teeming with game fish of the best varieties. Do you enjoy bathing, boating, fishing, hunting? Do you enjoy roaming through the woods picking wild flowers and wild berries? Do you want a place to go where you can build up your health, vitality, energy and business efficiency ? D o you enjoy mingling with the active, thinking, progressive people of the day—people who do things? Do you believe in progress and do you want to have a part in one of the moat progressive move-/ ments of the time? Surely ! * Then you will be Interested In. and want to own a lot of your own in Beautiful Idlewild, Michigan. If you act at once you can se-* cure a beautiful lot for only $24.50 each; / $6.00 cash; $1.00 per week. When your * payments are completed the lot will be / transferred to you by an absolute ' warranty deed with abstract showing / clear title. I Good live energetic agents wanted Idlewilde Resort Company Idlewild Resort 1110 Hartford Bldg., Chicago, Ill. Company Gentlemen: Without cost to me please send me full particulars regarding Idlewild. Name Address State Write Palinly 1110 Hartford Bldg., So. Dearborn St. Chicago, ILL. 4 Mention THE CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Made to Order $1.95 flf Special Offer a^^B to prove ourfine quality: These fine Pants for Dress or Business, choice of many hand- Some styles, guaranteed for 13 ^^^ ^ months solid wear and satisfac tion or MONEY BACK, abso lute $5.00 value—while they last, one pair to a customer, , Express prepaid for only $1.95 pants No Extra Charges No charge for Big Extreme Pep Tops or Cuff Bottoms, nothing extra for fancy Belt Loops or Pocket Flaps, no charge for Open Welt Seams or Large Sizes—all novelty features free. this GOLD FINISHED PIN FREEto you .Classy, lapel pin with your first order, only a few hundred on hand, get yours quick Cash Profits area of relatives and neighbors. Young George Gekovich made $66.16 IN ONE day. Write for free samples TODAY. Chicago Tailors Association Dept. K-12 • 515 South Franklin Street. Chicago $1.00 Pants Not $1.00, not even 60c, not one cent cost jo youunder our easy conditions. No extra /charge for fancy, swell s tyles, no extra \ charge for extra big, extreme peg-tops, pearl buttons, tunnel or fancy belt loops, no extra charge for anything, ALL FREE. Before you take another order, before you buy a suit or pants \ _ get our samples and new offer. AGENTS OF OTHER TAILORING HOUSES PLEASE WRITE, we have a new deal that will open your eyes. W E ask every man to answer this, every boy in long pants, every man, everywhere. No matter where you live or what you do, write us a letter or postal and say "Send Me Your New Free Offer" the big, new different tailoring deal. Costs nothing and no extra charges. I Write today, this minute. Addressee KNICKERBOCKER TAILORING CO. DEPT. 676 CHICAGO, ILL W e GIVE it to YO U Take this fine Made-to-QUALITY Measure Suit and don't AND FIT pay us one cent for It-GUARAN We want you to get one of our high TEED class suits, absolutely Free, so you can show it to your friends. It will be a big advertisement for us. If you have a little spare time, you can easily make from EXTRA $35 to$ 5 0 EVERY WEEK and besides that be the best- dressed man in your town. It's an opportunity you cannot afford to overlook. Don't delay a minute. ^ Write for this Big Offer at Once Drop us a line or send us your name on a postal card and we will send you absolutely Free, our wonderful style book, containing dozens of sam ples and fashion plates to choose from Write Now, Everything sent Free and postage prepaid. THE PROGRESS TAILORING CO Dept. 981, CHICAGO Mention Earn Big Money At home in a pleasant, spare time business of your own. W e show you how to manufacture perfumery. Send stamp for free sachet powder formula. M. J. BAILEY, 311 WALNUT ST., READING, FA. -T_F,„„_. /CENTRAL 104-W T TELEPHONE*: ( MAIN 61 HARR Y E. DAVIS A ttorney-at-L aw N otary PUBLIC 160 7 WILLIAMSON BUILDING CLEVELAND, OHIO GENERAL PRACTICE NOTARY PUBLIC WILLIAM R. MORRIS A ttorney and C ounsellor-at-L aw 818 METROPOLITAN LIFE BUILDING MINNEAPOLIS MINN. BROWN S. SMITH A ttorney-at-L aw OFFICES: SUITE 80 2 SYKES BLOCK NEAR THIRD AND HENNEPIN MINNEAPOLIS MINN. TE L 5437 Fort Hill CABLE ADDRESS, EPBEN EDGA R P. BENJAMIN A ttorney and C ounsellor-at-L aw J4 School Street Boston, MASS TELEPHONE CONNECTION W . ASHBIE HAWKINS GEORGE W . P. MCMECHEN HAWKINS &amp; McMECHEN A ttorneys-at-L aw 21 EAST SARATOGA STREET BALTIMORE. MD . Patents secured on easy terms Write for particulars. JOS . H. STEWART , Attorney-at-Law, 494 Louisiana Ave., N.W., Washington, D. C. Telephone Greeley 4214 Established 1911 BRANIC'S New York and Brooklyn Express Daily Trips to Harlem 212 WEST 35th STREET ANDREW J. BRANIC New York City Domestic Science Teacher wishes position as MATRON, STEWARDESS OR TEACHER For information address H. L. in care of the CRISIS 70 Fifth Avenue New York City SUNSHINE COTTAGE A Rest Home for Women Convalescents and Invalids Cared For (Mrs, Corinna M. Phillips, R. N. 171 King Street Springfield, Mass. WEST PHILADELPHIA BEAUTIFUL PORCH FRONT HOMES FOR SALE Respectable families who are particular and desire to live in a nice locality; every modern convenience. Very low terms arranged. Inspection invited. J. ADAMS, JR., 5815 Market St., Philadelphia. THE C risis. A Selected List of Books These prices do not include postage. Postage extra. H AZEL . (Mary White Ovington) $1.00 THE AMERICAN CAVALRYMAN. (Henry F. Downing).. 1.50 NORRIS AVRIGHT CUNEY. (Maud Cuney Hare) 1.50 TH E LIFE AND TIMES OF BOOKER T. WASHINGTON. (B. F . Riley) 1.50 A NARRATIVE OF THE NEGRO. (Leila Amos Pendleton). 1.50 SOULS OF BLACK FOLK. (W. E. B. DU Bois) 1.25 TH E WHIT E MAN'S BURDEN. (T. Shirby Hodge) 1.00 RACE ADJUSTMENT. (Kelly Miller) 2.00 HISTORY OF THE NEGRO. (B. G. Brawley) 1.25 TH E NEGRO MIGRANT IN PITTSBURGH. (Abraham Ep stein) .50 GRANNY MAUMEE AND OTHER PLAYS FOR A NEGRO THE ATRE. (Ridgely Torrence) 1.50 HAL F A MAN . (Mary White Ovington) 1.00 AFTERMATH OF SLAVERY. (William Sinclair) 1.50 M Y LIFE AND WORK. (Bishop Alexander Walters) ... . 1.50 FIFTY YEARS AND OTHER POEMS. (James Weldon Johnson) 1.25 JOHN BROWN. (W. E. B. DU Bois) 1.25 NEGRO IN AMERICAN HISTORY. (J. W. Cromwell) 1.25 PRINCE HALL AND HIS FOLLOWERS. (George W. Craw ford) 1.00 TH E HAITIAN REVOLUTION. (T. G. Steward) 1.25 NEGRO CULTURE IN WEST AFRICA. (George W. Ellis). 2.00 TH E NEGRO. (W. E. B. D U Bois) 60 TH E EDUCATION OF THE NEGRO PRIOR TO 1861. (Carter G. Woodson) 2.00 FACTS OF RECONSTRUCTION. (John R . Lynch) 1.50 LIFE AND LETTERS OF COLERIDGE-TAYLOR. (W. C. Ber wick-Sayers) 2.25 POEMS OF PAUL LAURENCE DUNBAR 2.00 AFRO-AMERICAN FOLKSONGS. (H. E. Krehbiel) 2.00 OUT OF THE HOUSE OF BONDAGE. (Kelly Miller) 1.50 BOOKER T. WASHINGTON. (Emmett J. Scott and Ly man Beecher Stowe) 2.00 Address, THE CRISIS : : : : 70 Fifth Avenue, New York Advertising iiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiit There are twelve million Negroes in the United States. They spend a thousand million dollars every year. THE CRISIS reaches more Negroes with intelligence and money than any other periodical in the world and is therefore a valuable medium for advertising. The patronage of recognized advertising agencies and of national advertisers will receive careful attention. Rates will be sent on application. Circulation,-80,000 THE DISGRACE OF DEMOCRACY An Open Letter to President Wilson By KELLY MILLER "The ablest document the war has yet produced in the United States."—H. L. Menchen, Editor Smart Set. " With this document the Negro problem is no longer a vague futurity. The Negro question has arrived."— New York Globe. AGENTS WANTED EVERYWHERE. Price, 10 cents a copy Terms to agents, 5 cents a copy OVER 65,000 COPIES ALREADY DISTRIBUTED Address:—KELLY MILLER, Howard University, WASHINGTON. D. C.