The Crisis The Crisis 1918 October TEN CENTS A COPY ONE DOLLAR A YEAR President MOORFIELD STOREY Vice-Presidents ARCHIBALD H. GRIMKE REV. JOHN HAYNES HOLMES BISHOP JOHN HURST JOHN E. MILHOLLAXD MARY WHITE OVINGTON OSWALD GARRISON VILLARD Executive Officers MARY WHITE OVINGTON, Acting Chair man of Board. OSWALD GARRISON VILLARD, Treasurer DR. W. E. B. DU BOIS, Director of Publi cations and Research JAMES WELDON JOHNSON. Field Secre tary WALTER F. WHITE, Assistant Secretary JOHN R. SHILLADY, Secretary NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE DIRECTORS Chicago Washington New York JANE ADDAMS PROF. GEO. WILLIAM COOK REV. HUTCHINS C. BISHOP DR. C. E. BENTLEY CHARLES EDWARD RUSSELL MRS. FLORENCE KELLEY Boston Brooklyn PAUL KENNADAY JOSEPH PRINCE LOUD DR. V. MORTON JONES BUTLER R. WILSON MAJOR J. E. SPINGARN Baltimore CAPT. ARTHUR B. SPINGARN New Haven BISHOP JOHN HURST GEORGE W. CRAWFORD CHARLES H. STUDIN Buffalo Philadelphia MARY B. TALBERT DR. WILLIAM A. SINCLAIR DR. JOHN G UNDERHILL Spring-field, Mass. St. Louis LILLIAN D. WALD REV. G. R. WALLER WILLIAM ENGLISH WALLING HON. CHARLES NAGEL Never before in the history of the country have the Colored People participated so fully in the nation's Responsibilities and Burdens, and never before has there been such an opportunity to secure through United and Rightful Effort full citizenship and equal opportunity for the Colored People of America. The NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORE D PEOPL E has during the war demonstrated its usefulness to the Nation and the Race. Present and future issues make it imperative that there be a comprehensive and intelligent organization that can voice the sentiments and desires of Colored Americans. Help to strengthen the NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE to perform this work. We are now nearly 40,000 strong. We ought to be 400,000 strong. Write for information about organizing a branch in your community. Date , 1918. The Crisis is sent without further charge to members paying two dollars or more O SWALD GARRISON VILLARD, Treasurer, 70 Fifth Avenue, New York. SIR: I enclose $ in payment of membership dues for one year in the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, with the stipulation that one dollar of any amount remitted herewith in excess of one dollar is for one year's subscription to TH E CRISIS. Name Street City and State. . THE CRISIS A RECORD OF THE DARKER RACES PUBLISHED MONTHLY AND COPYRIGHTED BY THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE, AT 70 FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK CITY. CON DUCTED BY W. E. BURGHARDT DU BOIS; AUGUSTUS GRANVILLE DILL, BUSINESS MANAGER Vol. 16—No. 6 OCTOBER, 1918 Whole No. 96 PICTURES Page COVER. Photograph by Scurlock PHOTOGRAPHS OF SEVENTY COLORED BABIES SIX PERFECT CHILDREN 273 MEN OF THE MONTH 282 PETER, PETER, PUMPKIN-EATER 288 ARTICLES O AUTUMN, AUTUMN! A Poem. By Mary Effie Lee 269 TALES FOR LITTLE FOLK. After Sir Harry H. Johnston. Illustrated by Laura Wheeler : 270 MOTHER WILLIAMS. By Leland S. Cozart 272 RACE PURITY. By Augusta Bird 275 THE BLACK MADONNA AND HER BABE. A Poem. By Lucian B. Watkins 281 DEPARTMENTS EDITORIAL 267 NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE 274 THE LOOKING GLASS 276 MEN OF THE MONTH 282 SHADOWS OF LIGHT 285 THE HORIZON 289 THE NOVEMBER CRISIS The November CRISIS will contain 64 pages. Price 15 cents, $1.50 a year. The leading article will be on the new status of colored women in industry. Ten pages of illustrations. TEN CENTS A COPY; ONE DOLLAR A YEAR FOREIG N SUBSCRIPTION S TWENTY-FIV E CENT S EXTR A theRENEWALS : subscription The date of expiration of each subscription is due, a blue renewal blank is enclosed.  is printed on the wrapper. When CHANG E O F ADDRESS : The address of a subscriber can be changed as often as desired. In ordering a change of address, both the old and the new address must be given. Two weeks' notice is required. MANUSCRIPT S and DRAWING S relating to colored people are desired. They will be received at the sender's risk, but if postage is enclosed effort will be made to return them safely, if unavailable. Entered as second class matter November 2, 1910, at the Post office at New York, New York, under the Act of March 3, 1879. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER National Training School DURHAM, NORTH CAROLINA A School for the Training of Colored Young Men and Women for Service Though it is young in history, the Institution feels a just pride in the work thus far accomplished, for its graduates are already filling many responsible positions, thus demonstrating the aim of the school to train men and women for useful citizenship. DEPARTMENTS ALREADY ESTABLISHED The Grammar School The Teacher Training Department The Academy The Divinity School The School of Arts and Sciences The Commercial Department The Department of Music The Department of Home Economics The Department of Social Service In Equipment and Teaching Force it is Not Surpassed by Any School for the Training of Colored Youth in the South. THE FALL TERM OPENS OCTOBER 1, 1918. For further information and Catalog, address President James E. Shepard, Durham, North Carolina THE AGRICULTURAL AND The Cheyney TrainTECHNICAL COLLEGE ing School for What College Shall I Attend this Session? Teachers CHEYNEY, PENNA. You should attend the A. &amp; T. College. Its twenty-fifth annual session be For reasonably mature students gins October 1, 1918. You will have the who have a good secondary- advantages of three strong departments : Agricultural, Mechanical, and Academic. school preparation, and who de sire to become teachers, courses A new department for Teacher Train are offered during the regular ing in Vocational Agriculture will also term in academic work, domestic be available. science, domestic art, physical Unsurpassed opportunities for Mili training, elementary school meth tary Training and advancement. For catalog and further information ods, wood and metal working, write today to and agriculture. Board room and laundry privileges for the year, President, J ames B. D udley, $125. Fall term began Wednes Greensboro, N. C. day, September 18, 1918. Mention T HE CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER ATLANTA UNIVERSITY Is beautifully located In the City of Atlanta, Ga. The courses of study include High School, Normal School and College, with manual training and domestic science. Among the teachers are graduate! of Tale, Harvard, Dartmouth and Wellesley. Forty-nine years of successful work have been completed. Students come from all parts of the South. Graduates are almost universally successful. For further Information address President EDWARD T. WARE ATLANTA, GA. KNOXVILLE COLLEGE Beautiful Situation. Healthful Location. The Best Moral and Spiritual Environment. A Splendid Intellectual Atmosphere. Noted for Honest and Thorough Work. Offers full courses in the following departments: College, Normal, High School, Grammar School and Industrial. Good water, steam heat, electrio lights, good drainage. Expenses very reasonable. Fall Term Began September 18, 1918. For information address President R. W. Mc GRANAHAN KNOXVILLE, TENN. THE FLORIDA A. &amp; M. COLLEGE Tallahassee, Florida Offers long and short courses in Mechanic Arts, in Home Economics in Agriculture, in Education and in Science. For Catalog Address NATHAN B. YOUNG, President P. O. DRAWER 524 1870 CLARK UNIVERSITY 1917 SOUTH ATLANTA GEORGIA Most beautiful campus of 70 acres, commodious buildings with modern conveniences. High Scholarship — Talented Faculty — Well equipped library and laboratories—Literary societies—Athletics—Co-educational—Expenses very low. $100 per year of eight months will pay tuition, board, room, etc. Comfortable dormitories with steam heat and gas light COURSES OF STUDY Domestic Science for girls, cooking, sewing, dressmaking and embroidery. Pre-Academy—7th and 8th grades. Academy—Four years with diploma. Pre-Medical— Two years above academy. College—Four years leading to A. B. degree. Norma)—Five years above grades with diploma. First Semester opens October 2, 1918. HARR Y ANDREWS KING, President. ST. MARY'S SCHOOL An Episcopal boarding school for girls, under the direction of .the Sisters of St Mary. Address: THE SISTER-IN-CHARGE 609 N. 43d St W. Philadelphia, Pa. MOREHOUSE COLLEGE (Formerly Atlanta Baptist College) ATLANTA GA College, Academy, Divinity- School An institution famous within recent years for its emphasis on all sides of manly development—the only institution in the far South devoted solely to the education of Negro young men. Graduates given high ranking by greatest northern universities. Debating, Y. M.C. A., athletics, all live features. For information address JOHN HOPE, President WILEY UNIVERSITY MARSHALL, TEXAS Recognized as a college of the First Class by Texas and Louisiana State Boards of Education. Harvard, Yale and Columbia represented on its faculty; students gath ered from ten different states. Strongest Music Department in the West M. W. DOGAN, President FISK UNIVERSITY NASHVILLE. TENN. Founded 1866 Thorough Literary, Scientific, Educational, Musical and Social Science Courses. Pioneer in Negro music. Special study in Negro life. Ideal and sanitary buildings and grounds. Well-equipped Science building. Christian home life. High standard of independent manhood and womanhood. For literature, etc, write FAYETTE AVERY McKENZIE, President Morris Brown University Atlanta, Ga. Co-Educational The largest institution of learning in the South owned and controlled by Negroes. Faculty of specialists, trained in some of the best universities in the North and in the South. Noted for high standard of scholarship; industrial emphasis and positive Christian influence. Well equipped dormitories; sane athletics under faculty supervision. Expenses reasonable. Location central and healthful. Departments: Theology, College, Preparatory, Nor mal, Commercial, Musical, Domestic Science, Nurse Training Sewing. Printing and Tailoring. First Semester begins October 1, 1918. For further information address W. A. FOUNTAIN, President Bishop J. S. Flipper, Chairman Trustee Board Mention The Crisis. 266 	THE CRISIS ADVERTISER LIVINGSTONE COLLEGE SALISBURY, N. C. A Religions Co-Educational School with a Tradition Open to AD Negroes: Only Merit Counts Students come from Twenty-nine States in the Union, from Canada, Africa, the West India Islands and Central America. And Graduates Make Good. Salisbury, North Carolina, an Ideal Place for Study with a Mild, Equable Climate, Pure Water, Breezes from Pine and other Forests a Constant Tonic—the Greatest Degree of Healthfulness. New Girls' Dormitory with all Modern Conveniences Accommodating 210 just Completed and Ready Courses of Study: Grammar School, Academy, Normal, College, Divinity, Music and Industries for Boys and Girls. Expenses Moderate. Thirty-sixth Session opens October, 1918. For Further Information Address D. C. SUGGS, President or J. E.	 Aggrey, Registrar. Wilberforce University Wilberforce, Ohio (Established 1856) The school with the recognized Military Department. A strong and thorough course in Military Science and Tactics given all male students, by regular U. S. officer. Graduates in great demand by U. S. Government for selected service. Given quota of 20 men for Fourth Officers' Training Camp, Ft. Dodge, la. Courses of Study—College (Scientific, Classical and Educational) ; Normal (Elementary and Industrial Teachers) and Vocational; Theological (Regular and English); Academy —Four years with diploma. $40,000.00 gymnasium just completed. School opened September 17th. For information address W.	 S. SCARBOROUGH, President. Mention BIDDLE UNIVERSITY CHARLOTTE, N. C. Biddle University, operated under the auspices of the Northern Presbyterian Church, has four Departments—High School, Arts and Sciences Theological and Industrial. The completion of a Grammar School course is the requirement for entrance to the first year of the High School. The School of Arts and Sciences offers two courses of study, the Classical and the Scientific. In the scientific, German is substituted for Greek or Latin. The entrance requirement for the Freshman Class is 15 units of High School work. The Theological Department offers two courses, each consisting of three years. The first is purely English. Greek and Hebrew are taught in the others. All students in the High School Dept. are required to take trades in the Industrial Dept. For further information, address President H. L. McCrorey, Charlotte, N. C. J.	 BRICK AGRICULTURAL, INDUSTRIAL AND NORMAL SCHOOL BRICKS, Edgecombe County, N, C. (On A. C. L. R. R.) This School offers a first-class High School Course, including Domestic Science, Domestic Art, Agriculture, Work in Wood, Iron and Mechanical Drawing. Piano and Vocal Music, Night School. A Two Year Teacher-Training Course Is Open To High School Graduates. Teachers and officers, 22; enrollment, 315— boarders, 212. Cottages and buildings, 23. School farm, 1129 1/2 acres. Strong athletic, literary and Christian associations. School term 33 weeks. Environment fine. Telephone and telegraph Enfield, N. C. For further information write T. S. INBORDEN, Principal, BRICKS, N. C. The Slater Industrial and State Normal School For Colored Youth of Both Sexes "WINSTON-SALEM, N. C. I.	 Offering Standard Courses In Academic Subjects, In Industrial and Vocational Subjects, In Education. II.	 Graduates receive the Teacher's Certificate. III.	 Located amid the foothills of the mountain section of Western North Carolina and the health conditions are ideal. IV. Accommodations excellent and expenses moderate. For further information communicate with S. G. ATKINS, Principal SLATER STATE NORMAL SCHOOL, Winston-Salem, N. C. COLEMAN COLLEGE GIBSLAND, LA. Supported by Baptist State Woman's Home Mission Society of Chicago and Boston and A, B. H. Society of New York. Students from six different states. Graduates exempted on first grade by Louisiana, Arkansas and Oklahoma. O. L. COLEMAN, President Educational Institutions Continued on page 298 The	 Crisis. THE CRISIS Vol. 16-No. 6 OCTOBER, 1918 Whole No. 96 EDITORIAL THE SLAUGHTER OF THE INNOCENTS. AGAIN the rolling of the years brings us to the annual Children's Number. Attention , has been called this year especially to the child and the United States Government has been spreading widely the gospel of the preservation of child life. The death of some ten million men who would have been fathers of unborn children has made the world think of the horrors of peace as well as the horrors of war. And the greatest of the horrors of peace is the unnecessary and persistent slaughter of little children. It is a crime of every civilization and of every race, but we Negroes are among the guiltiest, among us from two hundred to five hundred of every thousand of our babies born die before they reach one year of age. We have pleaded poverty, prejudice and slavery as excuse, but the time is come not to excuse but to combat with our own available weapons this murder. The remedy is, first, care and forethought in bringing children into the world and, second, pure food and air for them when they come. We persist in keeping windows shut and living indoors; we persist in buying food carelessly and feeding all kinds of food indiscriminately to children. Outdoor life and simple, pure foods regularly fed would save the lives of a quarter million Negro children each year. Look on these pages. Are not these little lives worth the saving? SCHOOL. THIS is school month. Send the children to school. Do not be tempted to keep them at work because they are earning large wages. The race is to the intelligent and not merely to the busy. Wisdom is the principal thing, therefore, GET WISDOM! Hustle the children off the farms and out of the factories and into the schools. Do not wait—do not hesitate. Our life depends upon it. Our rise is founded on the rock of knowledge. Put the children in school. Keep the children in school. 267 THE CRISIS ABOUT PICTURES. THE beautiful baby pictures which we again present to our readers represent endless editorial difficulties. Few persons realize that a good print cannot be made from a poor, faded or indistinct photograph. We get numbers of pictures of evidently interesting persons but they are blurred snapshots or old photographs and sometimes even proofs. For newsprint reproduction a shiny black and white photograph, clear and sharp in outline and not too small in size, is needed. Avoid sending us "art" photo graphs in indistinct browns and grays; they are beautiful but they drive the engraver to despair. SAVE. WE are earning money today. Never before in the history of the world has the Negro race enjoyed so large an income. Save! The fat years will not last forever. Save. Readjustment and reconstruction after the war will mean hard times for many a black laborer. SAVE. Saving is made easy and absolutely safe today for the small investor.' SAVE. Buy Thrift Stamps regularly. Buy War Savings Stamps regularly. Buy Liberty Bonds. Use the savings banks. Buy homes. SAVE! Do not waste and throw away the easily earned new wages. Do not increase your expenses faster than your large earnings increase. Go slow with new furniture and new building and new clothes and fat food. SAVE! CO-OPERATION. AT meetings of twelve representatives from seven states in THE CRISIS office, August 26 and 27, the NEGRO CO-OPERATIVE GUILD was established. Its program is threefold: 1. To induce individuals and clubs to study modern consumers co-operation, its extent, methods and objects. 2. To hold an annual meeting for encouraging the establishment of cooperative stores. 3. To form a central committee for the guidance and insurance of such stores. Interested persons may communicate with the Chairman at this office. HOPE. MANY messages reach us from France telling of the treatment of colored sol diers there. Some bring complaint and some joy, but all have raised a demand for definite knowledge and reassurance among colored people. It is fortunate, therefore, that the International Committee of the Y. M. C. A. has sent John Hope to France. Mr. Hope is a colored man, a graduate of Brown and as president of Morehouse College he has made a singularly deep impres sion of modesty, efficiency, broad- minded tact and unswerving devotion to high ideals. He goes as a sort of general inspector of colored Y. M. C. A. work in France. He will be attached to headquarters in Paris and be given opportunity to visit all the colored units at the front. Thus, again, America has taken the colored man into counsel. Let the good work go on. BLEASE, VARDAMAN, HARDWICK AND COMPANY. IT is no mere coincidence that the President of the United States in publicly naming those who have opposed his administration and made his war program difficult should name the most conspicuous of those who have led the campaign of anti-Negro propaganda. Hardwick was elected to Congress from Georgia on a platform the chief plank of which was the repeal of the Fifteenth Amendment; Vardaman of Mississippi has gone further than any American living or dead in capitalizing race hatred for political gain ; and Blease is a demagogue of the Tillman type, with none of Tillman's redeeming features. It is logical and deeply O AUTUMN, AUTUMN! significant that precisely these Negro haters and fomentors of domestic strife are the ones whose defeat is most strongly demanded by those who wish to win the war against German despotism. Is this not significant, fellow Negroes? The hatred and despising of men; the doctrine of innate and inborn racial superiority; the determination to settle spiritual values by physical force; the restriction of human sympathies to a minority of human beings—all these things are characteristic of German imperialism and of Blease, Vardaman, Hardwick and— Hoke Smith. To be sure this last name is missing from the President's list, but Smith is not up for re-election this year. HOUSTON. THE commutation of ten death sentences of Negro soldiers by the President and his word of recognition of Negro loyalty are deeply appreciated. Nevertheless, the punishment of the Houston soldiers remains perhaps the most drastic in modern military history and two steps the Government is still called upon to take by every dictate of justice: the court martial of the officers of the Twenty-fourth Infantry and the punishment of the white civilians who incited the uprising. Only these things and the eventual pardon of the fifty or more soldiers sentenced to life imprisonment will satisfy colored America. THE BOY OVER THERE. LISTEN, O Sister and Brother of Mine. Have you a Boy "over there?" Some slim, young fellow, brown of face and dark of eye, with the Eternal Joy of God on his lips ? I have. Only mine is a ghost boy—just twenty-one he would have been last May. His soul is there with the Souls of the great company of his Fathers, a hundred, nay, a thousand years gone: with Alfred, his grandfather, who wore his country's uniform in '61 ; with Jacob who fought in 1812 ; with Tom who went in '76—all, all and more. It was not given to this my boy nor yet to me to go in the flesh; but he went dead, yet dreaming, and I dream-drunk, and yet alive, albeit with twitching, hanging hands. And we, Sister and Brother of Mine, we who sit and listen, what are we doing for OUR boys "over there?" Are we seeing that they have food to eat, or are we starving them by our gluttony? Are we seeing that they have clothes to wear, or are we selfishly adorning our own nakedness? Are we seeing that the great red machine of war works so efficiently with bullet and powder, and gun and airplane, and shell and mortar, that quickly and irresistibly we shall bring this nightmare of world war to a just and honest end, or are we sulking and criticizing and obstructing and de laying and murdering our own flesh and blood? All is not well, neither in earth, nor in hell, nor yet mayhap in God's own heaven; but all will never be well if when the Peaceful go forth to battle in War against War, in as holy a crusade as ever called for the strong arm of Justice—if then Evil can count on the Critic and the Coward, if their Fathers and Mothers—black fathers and black mothers at that— desert their sons in the very blood and dust of battle. O AUTUMN, AUTUMN! MARY EFFIE LEE O AUTUMN, Autumn! O pensive light When, wan, the dead leaves flutter by and wistful sound! Deserted realms of butterfly! Gold-haunted sky, green-haunted ground! When robins band themselves together To seek the soul of sun-steeped weather; And all of summer's largesse goes For lands of olive and the rose! TALES FOR LITTLE FOLK Stories Collected by Sir Harry H. Johnston in his "Uganda Protectorate." THE HARE AND THE ELEPHANT. ONE day a hare came upon an elephant standing expectantly at an ant-hole which had only that morning been dug by himself with a view to his evening meal. "What hard luck!" said the hare. "What can I do against that big hulking brute, who wants to steal my dinner? I will try a plan." He returned to his home, made a torch of four reeds, and passed by the elephant at a great pace. "Who are you?" said the latter. "I am a hare." "Where are you going?" "Oh," said the hare, "we hear that an elephant is stealing our ants," and then scampered off. A little farther on he put out the torch, and sneaked round by a by-way to his home, relighted the torch, and again went to the elephant. "Who are you?" said the big beast. "A hare." "Where are you going?" "Oh," said the hare, "my comrades called me because an elephant is stealing our ants," and again went off quickly. As before, he sneaked round to his home, and then passed the elephant. "Who are you?" said the elephant. "I'm a hare." "Where are you going?" "Haven't you seen my fellows pass this way? We are meeting in numbers, as we mean to have our meal which an enemy is trying to steal," and again ran off. Going round once more to his home, he again came up with the elephant. "Who are you?" said the big animal. "I'm a hare." "Where are you going?" "Are you blind that you haven't seen my comrades passing? However, I've no time to talk." The elephant, affected by the air of mystery, became uneasy, and thought it time to be off. When the hare came round for the last time he saw nothing but the wagging of the elephant's tail in the distance. So he screamed out, "There he is! there he is! After him! After him!" and laughed uproariously as he heard the big brute crashing through the woods. He then went quietly back alone to his feast, 270 TALES FOR LITTLE FOLK chuckling as he thought of the splendid success of his stratagem. THE BIRD AND THE ELEPHANT. JUST as the season for sowing grain was drawing near, the bird and the elephant met, and became involved in an argument as to who had the bigger voice. The dispute getting heated, they decided to lay the question before the big assembly. "We have come," piped the little bird, "to have the question settled as to who has the bigger voice, my friend the elephant or myself?" "Yes," grunted the elephant, "this insignificant little thing has the impudence to say his little squeak is more powerful than my trumpeting." "Well," said the little bird, "our homes are two hours away. Do you think that, if you bawled your loudest, your people would hear you call from here?" "Of course," sneered the elephant; "but what do you think you are going to do, you puny little thing?" "Now, don't get angry," chirped the bird. "Tomorrow morning we will meet at dawn, and both call to our friends to have our dinner ready; but, as you sneered at me, we will make the stakes ten cows, to be paid by the loser to the winner." "Right you are!" chuckled the elephant. "I want some more cattle. Good-bye, you little fool!" and went off laughing. The bet was confirmed by the "baraza." The cunning bird at once made arrangements. He got his mates to perch within hearing distance of each other along the line to his house. "Now we will see," said he, "how wit can triumph over brute force." At dawn the next morning they met as agreed. The elephant was given "first try," and bawled four times in his loudest voice. "Have you quite done?" chirped the little bird. "Yes," sneered the elephant; "squeak away." The little bird gave his orders, and they tramped off together. They decided that the elephant being the bigger, they would visit his home first. As they drew near, the elephant became uneasy at the quiet that reigned, and was extremely angry to find not a soul about. One was away getting food, another drawing water, another gathering firewood, and the rest, not expecting anything to occur, were also out. "Now," said the bird, "we will try my luck." As they approached they heard great sounds of bustling; the pathways were clean, the courtyard swept, the bird's friends were all neatly arranged in lines to do honor to the guest; mats were laid down in the house, and an abundant feast was prepared. "Ah, my friend," piped the little bird, "do not be down-hearted. Be thankful you have learnt at so small a cost not to despise THE CRISIS a rival, however small he may be. So nowlet us 'eat, drink, and be merry.' " Next day the elephant handed, over the cattle  to the bird. MOTHER By L ELAND MOTHER WILLIAMS has a passion for kindness, and her hobby is "somebody else." She is a lone colored woman, numbered amongst the most unpretentious yet most useful of the citizenry of Asheville, N. C. For sixteen years she has been a mother for poor school boys who have sought out the mountain metropolis to make a "season" and return to school. Students come to this mountain resort from various points in the South; many times for several weeks they are without money and without work. It is difficult to tell what course many of them might pursue if no friend were to be found; but "Mother Williams' " home is always open for those who seek and desire its protection, and she stands ready to convince those who come that a real motherly care and interest are to follow them. Many of the wealthier residents of the city, having implicit faith in her earnestness, seek her co-operation in getting their summer help. Thus a chance for her boys is soon made possible. When one of them gets a job she calls him into her "office" for a lecture. When he is ready to go she advises, a sort of wist ful look stealing into her eyes, "Now the way to do when you get a job is to work like you'll never get another, and nine times out of ten you won't need to get another." "Mother" rises early and works all day and part of the night. A little light in her kitchen sometimes in the small hours of the night is surrounded by circumstances that indeed make fact stranger than fiction, for frequently she has waited till one of her boys has retired so that she might launder some of his garments and thus enable him to report to duty on the next day in clean and tidy attire. There are times, because of other in debtedness of some of her boys, that she waits several months to get her money; and WILLIAMS S. C OZART MOTHER WILLIAMS not infrequently, when the severity of the case has demanded, has she waited several years. "Aren't you afraid that these boys won't pay you?" I asked her one day. "If they don't pay me, the Lord will make 'em pay somebody," she replied. "But le'me tell you, I ain't had but one or two to try to beat me in all these years." Rolling her sleeves above her elbows she continued: "Why, I was walking across a white man's yard one day and I noticed a mighty smart chap, and I spoke to him; and he told me he could see way yonder in the distance what he wanted to be if he just had somebody to help him. 'If I just had a mother,' he said. And I said, I'll be your mother. He came right on to live with me. He MOTHER WILLIAMS stayed with me till he got a man, graduated from the college, and because somebody had helped him, he wanted to help somebody else, and to-day he's a secretary in the Y.	 M. C. A.. Yes, he is, too. "Cast your bread on the waters and after many days it'll come back to you and buttered at that." And with a mysterious nod of the head she could have convinced any one that she verily believed it. Her comfortable home is proof that some of the world's goods may enlarge a sacrificing life. "This house you see here is in trust from investments I've made in my students," she said. "When they get out in the world and make good they never forget me." "You are, indeed, a big mother," I said to her. "Yes, and the happiest," she replied, bringing her hands together with a clap. She is known also as a woman of great business ability. A business man told me once that he had always found her advice worth heeding. Her insurance agent suggested that her business was large enough for a real office. "My kitchen is my office," was her reply, "and those who don't want to see me there can pass me by. You might pass anyhow," she added in good humor. Following are some of her sayings: "Trust the Lord and he'll trust you." "If you'll do half way right, I'm your friend." "I haven't much education, but I like educated folks." "I don't break any verbs, they are broke when I find them." "Be good to everybody and somebody will be good to you." During these years more than three hundred students have found in her a friend, one in whom the milk of human kindness never sours. SIX PERFECT CHILDREN These Children of J. W . Williams were each rated 100% in the Yolo County, Cal., Baby Drive, N. A. A. C.P. NEW BRANCHES. SINCE the report made in the August number of T HE CRISIS, the following new branches have been organized: Bakersfield, Cal 74 Beaumont, Texas 67 Colorado Springs, Col 55 Columbus, Ga 51 Falls Church, Va 38 Farrell, Pa. (Mercer Co. Branch) 49 Fayette County, Tenn 26 Little Rock, Ark 53 Middletown, Ohio 37 Montgomery, Ala 55 Morgantown, W. Va 31 New Castle, Pa 48 Omaha, Neb 71 Pampanga, Philippine Islands 50 Petersburg, Va 32 Salem, Va 58 St. Augustine, Fla 64 St. Rose, La 57 Waycross, Ga 31 Aiken, S. C..\ 29 Bloomington, Ill 50 1026 In addition to these new branches already organized, steps are being taken in thirty-six other communities to effect organizations. All of this work is due to the spontaneous spread of the Association and without any assistance from the National Office, except that furnished by correspondence. In the list of new branches above there is one for Montgomery and one for Little Rock. These two branches place the states of Alabama and Arkansas on the roll; those being the only two Southern States which up to this time were not represented in the organization. NOMINATIONS FOR THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS, N. A. A. C. P. THE Board at its meeting on September 9, appointed the following Nominating Committee to report at the November meeting: John Haynes Holmes, Chairman; Prof. G. W. Cook and James Weldon Johnson, according to the constitution, Article VIII, Section 5, which states: "A committee known as the Nominating Committee to consist of three persons, and to be appointed by the Chairman of the Board of Directors, shall submit to the Secretary at least sixty (60) days prior to the annual meeting nominations for all vacancies on the Board of Directors to be filled at said meeting, which nominations shall be posted in the rooms of the Association and shall be open to inspection to the members thereof. Independent nominations may be made upon request in writing of at least fifteen (15) members of the Association by filing the same with the Secretary not less than sixty (60) days before the annual meeting. The names of all persons so nominated for Directors shall be published in THE CRISIS, the official organ of the Association, at least thirty (30) days before the annual meeting. Any ballot containing the name of any person not nominated in ac 274 RACE PURITY cordance with these By-laws shall be void." The Nominating Committee will be glad to receive suggestions from branches throughout the country regarding the nominations. As the date of the annual meeting is fixed by the constitution as the first Monday in January, suggestions must be in the hands of the Chairman of the Nominating Committee by November 1, 1918. According to a recommendation passed at the annual meeting in January, 1917, it is provided: 1. That the Nominating Committee have both races represented upon it. 2. That said committee be appointed in October. 3. That before renominating, the record of each member of the Board be considered (a) in attendance at Board meetings, (b) in any active work for the N. A. A. C. P., (c) in Branch Record. 4. That the Committee endeavor to keep at least sixteen members in New York or the near neighborhood. It has been suggested that whereas our Board at its inception nine years ago was representative of the Association membership, this is no longer the case and that the middle and Far West and the South should figure in its personnel. For the information of Association members we give the geographical distribution of the Board membership: New York 16 New England 5 Boston 3 Springfield 1 New Haven 1 Philadelphia 1 Buffalo 1 Baltimore 1 Washington 2 Chicago 2 Wilberforce 1 St. Louis 1 Address all suggestions to John Haynes Holmes, Chairman of Nominating Committee, 70 Fifth Avenue, New York City. RACE PURITY. By AUGUSTA BIRD OUT in the suburbs of the southern town of C , in front of a low frame house, two children played up on the curb. "OO-oo-oh," shivered the little flaxen haired girl, as she discovered a long, hairy worm, which had evidently fallen from the tall tree near by. She amused herself for awhile with it, pok ing it with sticks. The boy was seated in the gutter, a few feet away, busily engaged in building a sand fort. A few minutes passed. Perhaps instinct caused him to look around. He saw a black, hairy worm wriggling and writhing between two sticks held in the chubby hands of the little girl. "Annie McClaine, if yo' put that wo'm on me I'll smack yo'," threatened the boy. The little girl giggled childishly. Then her face sobered. She knew Jimmy meant what he said, but she had no intention of moving the position of the worm just yet. "I done tole yo'," he added warningly, and then continued patting his fort into shape. Just as he finished speaking, some thing hit the back of his neck and rolled underneath his blouse, stinging as it went. The worm had wriggled free. He wheeled suddenly around and struck the child a full blow on the cheek. "I didn'n mean to-oo-oo," screamed Annie in pain. "I tole yo' I would," Jimmy shouted defensively. A passerby saw the blow delivered and interfered. Catching the boy by his collar, he boxed his jaws fiercely. Then kicking him from the curb into the street, he exclaimed wrathfully: "You d—mn little nigger! What in th' h'll do you mean?" "You," he said in a softer tone, turning to Annie, "run home to your mother. I'd like to see that mother of yours that allows you to play with " "He's my bru-vv-er," gasped the startled little girl through her tears. THE LOOKING GLASS LITERATURE. EDMUND VANCE COOKE in the Chi cago, Ill., Post: Toussaint of Haiti, jewel of your race! Or, in more modern lingo, war's black ace! Slave, general, statesman, martyr! Had your face Been white few would exceed your place When history calls her roll. Well, L'ouverture, Here's Henry Johnson set out to insure That Negro heroism shall endure. First of our expedition to secure The croix de guerre! With pomp and circumstance, Where banners flaunt and bayonets ad vance, A general hails him comrade of romance, And bearded lips salute his cheek—for France! * * * For that same France, O, L'ouverture, old pal, Which blushes at your name, as long she shall. * * * The following articles on the Negro have appeared in recent periodicals: Brightening Up the Rural South. E. J. Scott, Outlook. July 10, 1918. National Aid to Negro Education; abstract. J. H. Dillard. School and Society. June 8, 1918. Young Black Joe. Irvin S. Cobb, Saturday Evening Post. August 24, 1918. * * * Those interested in the causes of the war will find illuminating reading in "The Lich nowsky Memorandum" and "The Reply of Herr Von Jagow." issued by the American Association for International Conciliation. Teachers may use to advantage the educational edition of Laura E. Wilkes' story of Frederick Douglass, with its numerous quotations from his speeches and writing. William Stanley Braithwaite is the author of a review of Ethel Sedgewick, which Small, Maynard &amp; Co. have issued in pamphlet form in preparation for an American edition of the works of this brilliant English novelist. We are in receipt of poems by Jamie Harris Coleman and the Ann Arbor Negro Year Book, published by George H. Wright. IN FRANCE. REPORTS on the gallantry of colored soldiers are coming thick and fast. The Williamsport, Pa., Grit writes: A regiment of raw Negro troops, fighting along the Marne front, not only stopped a fierce German attack that had been planned with great care, but actually drove the enemy back. The gallant performance of the regiment under its baptism of fire proved so remarkable that the French commander of the sector has cited the whole regiment as worthy of receiving the war cross. An official report of the engagement brings out interesting details and gives credit to the officers and men for fine fight ing qualities displayed in their initial experience under shell and machine gun fire. The German artillery opened upon the position held by the Negroes and conducted a violent bombardment. Under cover of the artillery, the enemy infantry began its operations, adopting the infiltering process by which detached groups were thrust forward at a number of points instead of moving in mass formation. Assaulting columns and supporting columns followed. The special machine gun group under the command of Lieut. L. E. Shaw was in one of the most exposed centers of the fighting, being under terrific artillery fire and the fire of German machine guns. Lieut. 276 THE LOOKING GLASS 277 Shaw handled a difficult situation with cool bravery. The enemy barrage was so close that it was impossible to stand up and Lieut. Shaw controlled his guns by rolling from one to the other. Under a violent onslaught the Negroes stuck to their posts, carried out every order without hesitation, often under galling fire and showed a high degree of skill with their weapons, coupled with coolness and courage. Machine guns that jammed were partly dissembled and cleaned under fire, continuing in action throughout the engagement. There were many instances of individual bravery during the action. Private Howard Gaillard, with a small rapid-fire piece, was unable from his position to get accurate aim, so he coolly and with utter disregard of danger, mounted the parapet and while enemy bullets were flying about him, fired his rapid-fire piece from the hip, first at one group of advancing Germans and then at another. Privates Smithfield Jones and George Woods ran from gun to gun, as fast as they jammed, dismounted and reassembled them and continued at the work until the close of the action. Not a single German succeeded in getting within assaulting distance of the Negroes at any part of the line except at one point and there they were quickly pressed back and then driven off. Following the battle, the Negro troops talked of their part in the balking of the German plans and the defeat of the enemy as though it were an everyday occurrence. * * * The Philadelphia, Pa., North American speaking of the same action, says: Lieutenant R. C. Grame was in command of the group which received the brunt of the enemy fire which, besides the barrage, added a heavy fire of large minenwerfers. There was no flinching; the group always worked under perfect control, keeping all combat posts manned, though three men were knocked down by the explosion of shells. Others commended for courage in the face of fire are Corporal Frank Harden, Private H. D. Brown. Corporal Bean, Sergeant G. A. Morton and Private Sanders. * * * The New York Evening World tells of Sergeant William Butler, a New York Negro: Butler "came" with such good effect that he liberated his white lieutenant and four American privates from the foe's clutches and killed at least four Boches, badly wounded a Prussian officer, who later died, and put a score of Boches to ignominious flight. He concluded his "private war" by pursuing the Germans right up to their own line and nonchalantly tossing hand grenades into their dugouts, though at the time their barrage was biting the earth all around him. Butler's exploit, for which he received the Croix de Guerre, rivals the performance of Henry Johnson and Needham Roberts, privates in the same regiment. * * * Irvin S. Cobb writing in the Saturday Evening Post for August 24, 1918, quotes the colonel of a Negro regiment now in France: Oh, yes; they were green at the start; but they are as game as any men in this man's army are. You take it from me, because I know. They weren't afraid of the cold and the wet and the terrific labor when they worked last winter down near the coast of France on as mean a job of work as anybody ever tackled. They were up to their waists in cold water part of the time—yes, most of the time they were —but not a one of them flinched. And believe me there's no flinching among them now that we are up against the Huns! You don't need the case of Johnson and Roberts to prove it. It is proved by the attitude of every single man among them. It isn't hard to send them into danger—the hard part is to keep them from going into it on their own accord. They say the dark races can't stand the high explosives—that their nerves go to pieces under the strain of the terrific concussion. If that be so the representatives of the dark races that come from America are the exceptions to the rule. My boys are getting fat and sassy on a fare of bombings and bombardments, and we have to watch them like hawks to keep them from slipping off on little independent raiding parties without telling anybody about it in advance. My men have a catch phrase that has come to be their motto and their slogan. Tell any one of them to do a certain thing and as he gets up to go about it he invariably says, "Let's go!" Tell a hundred of them to do a thing and they'll say the same thing. I hear it a thousand times a day. The mission may involve discomfort or the chance of a sudden and exceedingly violent death. No matter—"Let's go!" that's the invariable answer. Personally I think it makes a pretty good maxim for an outfit of fighting men, and I'll stake my life on it that they'll live up to it when the real trial comes. VARDAMAN, ET AL. THE New York Times says: As the duper and idol of the "hillbillies," the astute player on ignorance, passion, and "poor white" prejudice, the "White Chief," the upholder of the "White South"; the man who went to the Senate, with his ton THE CRISIS gue in his cheek, to get the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Amendments repealed; as a shrewd old Indian draped in a "Spanish cloak" or poncho; as the hero who was once drawn in triumph and a "chariot" through the streets of Meridian by eighty yoke of white oxen, James K. Vardaman was an amusing figure in political vaudeville-melodrama. When the war broke out, he became a nuisance and a scandal. * * * The Brooklyn Eagle feels that Mississippi is to be congratulated: After January 1, Mississippi will stand with her sister States, unabashed, undisgraced, in line with the sentiment of the nation. Here is a relatively small State, a poor State, which for a long period of years before the war had an influence in the Senate far greater than her material interests or her population justified. No American historian can neglect such men as George Poindexter, one of the most polished speakers the Senate ever had; Jefferson Davis, next to Calhoun, the South's keenest thinker; Robert J. Walker, father of the Walker Tariff, and a constructive statesman of a high order. Even in the reconstruction years there was some personal ability in the men who went to the Senate. Adelbert Ames, of the old Massachusetts family, carpet-bagger; Blanche K. Bruce, a colored man, but well educated, of genuine capacity and not devoid of manners or of self-restraint. Later, after the Whites had regained the State, came L. Q. C. Lamar, who preluded his senatorial experience with four terms in the House and followed it with service as Secretary of the Interior under Grover Cleveland and as a Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States. * * * The Eagle goes on to say that men such as Vardaman are the logical product of the methods employed by the South after Reconstruction to oust the Negro from politics : The effect of those methods on the dominating white party is only just passing away. Men of lawless violence were needed for lawless acts. They claimed their reward. Men of cultivation, of sincerity, of devotion to order, had commonly to stand aside. And James K. Vardaman was the latest—may he be the last—representative of that oligarchy of roughnecks. Vardaman stood for lynching, stood for denying civil rights to the Negro majority in Mississippi: stood for wrecking Negro education, before he stood against Woodrow Wilson at a time when war demanded unity. He is well out of public life, and Mississippi is well rid of him. " KIND HEARTS ARE MORE THAN CORONETS." THE Dallas, Texas, News tells of a black hero: Little three-year-old Peggy Rood started across Cole Avenue to her home with a big bag of peaches. A Negro boy, Terry Boswell, on the corner, idly watched her. An outbound Highland Park car came bounding down the street. The father, W. G. Rood, sitting on his veranda, No. 3234 Cole Avenue, saw the motorman remove his hand from the brakes and wipe his eyes. "Look out!" screamed the Negro, as the car struck the child. Never giving his own life a moment's thought the Negro threw himself in front of the moving car just as the fender crushed the child beneath it. While the car dragged his own body twenty feet before coming to a stop, the cool Negro finally caught hold of the fear-paralyzed child and held her body in the center of the track beneath the moving car to prevent the wheels from passing over her head and legs. The car came to a standstill. The Negro braced his aching back against the fender, bent it upward, carefully drew out the torn and bleeding form of the baby, tenderly placed her in the arms of the frantic mother, and sat down on the curb to take inventory of his bruises and damaged clothes. A physician, Dr. John W. Embree, Wilson Building, was called by the father. Four stitches were taken in a bad gash over the child's right eye. Her head, wrists, body and legs were painfully lacerated. One knee is fractured. The physician reports internal injuries. The sight of the right eye has been lost forever. The spine was also injured in the fall. But the parents are glad that Peggy still lives. So is Terry Boswell unheralded Negro boy hero. * * * Here is the same spirit showing in this tale told in the editorial columns of the Buffalo evening Times: A small brindle bull-pup, three-quarters grown, was chasing frantically, in one of the large Eastern cities, every street car that came along. Very evidently he had seen his master enter a street car, and, dog like, he thought each car must be the one. He ran ahead barking and snapping at the fender in an endeavor to stop the car, but sooner or later it left him behind. Undiscouraged, he raced after the next one he met, and was rapidly becoming exhausted by his efforts and by the terrific heat of the day. Finally, at a street corner, one of the THE LOOKING GLASS cars he was chasing stopped to take on passengers, and panting and trembling, the dog took refuge under the car. Bystanders called to the conductor and motorman that the dog would be crushed, but these officials answered that they must keep their "run ning time," and the motorman, on the con ductor's signal, was about to start the car, when a colored man protested and said he would get the dog. He crawled under the car and lifted out the puppy, which he took to a near-by horse trough, and im mersed in the cool water. The poor little animal was "all in," but every time a street car went by, he made desperate efforts to follow it in order to find his master. He will be kept safely until his owner ad vertises for him; or a good home be found. But the point of it all was this: Here was an unexpected occurrence, which, how ever, might in the natural course of events, happen at any time, with perhaps a little variation in the circumstances; yet nobody on the car or outside of it, except the colored man, seemed to know what to do. They all sat there like parallel rows of "stoughton bottles." and looked at each other fixedly and helplessly. Worse than that, they were willing—men and women alike—to remain on the car. and have the wheels crush out the body and life of a little, frightened, foolish, loving puppy. IT WA S A FINE EXHIBITION Have you ever noticed this duality in the general population—that when anything the least bit out of the "regular order" occurs that calls for even a slight exercise of kindly, helpful, unselfish effort, they become about as useful and effective as dummies made of gelatine? All motive power is suspended, the phenomenon of total paralysis is presented, complete mental vacuity supervenes, and "wax figgers" would be animate in comparison! Yet these same men would "step on each other's faces" to get to a dog fight: and these same women would "mow each other down" in a society crush. Beautiful and interesting is this altogether admirable human nature of ours —especially of the proud and superior Caucasian race! Meantime, a coarse, low person, who saw the whole incident related above, remarked right out loud, that "the colored brother was the only white man on the car!" AS TO LYNCHING IN TEXAS. THE New York Tribune says: The publishers of the San Antonio Express have established and set aside a fund of $100,000 to be used in combating the crime of lynching in this country, thereby to aid in stamping out the lawlessness and violence of the mob. At the latest meeting of the stockholders of The Express Publishing Company, August 1, it was determined to devote this sum of money to the purpose of rewarding persons who shall be directly responsible for the arrest and conviction of those who incite riots and mob outbreaks that result, in lynchings, and of those who perpetrate the lynching crime itself. It was the earnest, expressed opinion of every member of the stockholding body at the meeting that the irremediable injustices, the debasement and degradation worked by a crime that invariably exhibits a contempt for law and order, and an enmity to the decent systems of courts and law enforce ment, must be brought to an end through out the United States. Lynching must no longer go unpunished or lightly punished, in any state or districts of this nation. The anti-lynching fund of the San An tonio Express will be employed in this man ner: A reward of $500 will be paid to each person who shall be directly responsible for the arrest with subsequent conviction and punishment of any person or persons who were instrumental in arousing a mob to commit a lynching or in putting through the lynching itself, when the individual lynched was not a Negro. A reward of $1,000 will be paid to each person who shall he directly responsible for the arrest, with subsequent conviction and punishment, of any person or persons who were instrumental in arousing a mob to commit a lynching or in putting through the lynching itself, when the individual was a Negro. This fund of $100,000 and the offer of reward thereunder will be maintained and in effect for a period of five years from August 3. 1918. The system of rewards will apply to any and every crime of lynching committed within the bounds of Continental United States—that is. exclusive of the American possessions of Porto Rico. Hawaii, the Philippine Islands, the Panama Canal Zone etc. These rewards will be paid to private citizens—persons of either sex—or to peace officers of whatever class; sheriffs, their deputies and possemen: constables and their deputies- United States marshals, their denudes and possemen; city or state police, rangers, etc.; officers and men of the organized military forces or National Guard of the several states, and to any and all other persons who may not be debarred legally from the acceptance of a reward for this character of law enforcement. * * * The Little Rock, Ark.. Star is doubtful: The difficulty about the Texas plan is that it makes no provision for getting juries that will convict in lynching cases. It looks like prosecuting witnesses are going to have a hard time getting the $500 and a harder time getting the $1,000. unless sufficiently alluring rewards are offered to jurors to convict. Juries in lynching cases are peculiar. THE CRISIS A CONTRAST. SARANAC LAKE, N. Y.. is not as ap preciative of her colored soldiers as some other cities. A private correspondent tells us: On August 3, two colored men, through draft were sent to camp. The morning of their departure, they were sent away with two or three boxes of cigarettes and matches, as a substitute for full military honors. Two days later one man of the opposite race left for the same cause, and was sent away with a trunkful of all sorts of things and also full military honors consisting of a company of home guards and the firing-off of a couple of rounds of amunition. * * * The people of Rochester, N. Y., show a different spirit. Says the Rochester Times-Union: The colored boys gathered at Zion A. M. E. Church in Favor Street, where some hundreds of their fellows were on hand to extend God speed, and Mayor Edgerton, for the first time in several months was on hand to extend the good wishes of the city. The Rev. E. D. W. Jones, pastor of the church, introduced the mayor, who spoke briefly, telling the embryo soldiers that the best .wishes of the city would accompany them and that Rochester would watch their progress in the stern days ahead and be ready to welcome their victorious return. The boys were then provided with lunch, tobacco, cigars and cigarettes to lighten the tedium of the journey to camp, and for half an hour each of them held an informal farewell reception. . Just before 9:30 o'clock the call to "fall in" was given. At the head of the procession was the customary police escort and the Park Band. Then came a delegation of representative colored citizens, members of the exemption boards and the drafted men. Directly in the rear of the draftees came Dunbar Red Cross Circle, bearing the service flag of Zion Church which already contains a number of stars, and behind marched scores of the friends and relatives of the departing men. When the procession swung into Main Street there was an outburst of handclap ping and cheers, a demonstration that grew as the column made its way up Main Street, while hundreds of automobile horns added to the farewell. A fair share of the city's colored population marched along the side walks, and the crowd received considerable additions at the New York Central station. The highest spirits were manifested by the departing men, the occasion taking on the character of an outing so far as those most vitally interested were concerned. No contingent has gone away in more cheerful mood than did this morning's. MIGRATION JUSTIFIED. I. K. FRIEDMAN has been conducting in the Chicago, Ill., News a series of articles on Negro migration and democracy. He says in part: Great as has been the influx of Negroes from the South, it has not been great enough to satisfy the needs of northern industry. They are absorbed as fast as they come by mill, factory and shop, and the cry, I am informed, is for more and more. In Detroit alone in 1916 and 1917 the cash value of jobs secured for Negroes was estimated at $6,313,932 and the value of the product turned out by these industrious colored hands runs, of course, into many millions more, while this sum has to be increased only by the sum total produced in our other northern cities to arrive at something like an estimate of what the south has lost potentially and the north made actually. It is another proof of the platitude that what is morally right in the end proves economically profitable, and the north, no matter how mercenary the motive that may have prompted it, surely has no financial reason for regretting that it opened the doors of opportunity on a fair and equal basis to this oppressed race. Certain sections of the South, now that it is too late, regret their errors and are doing their best to ameliorate the lot of the colored citizen by increasing his educational advantages and adjusting his wages on something like an equitable basis. But the colored people, I am told, mistrust those efforts as mere temporary compromises that will be withdrawn when colored labor becomes less necessary for southern welfare. The trouble in the southern situation is that it was so long in the making that it solidified into hard and fast institutions, lost all flexibility and cannot be unmade to order, and to suit a new set of condi tions—those institutions evolved from the aristocratic traditions, from which happily the North is more free, concerning the dif ferences between superior and inferior, master and man. owner and slave. The solution that such an aristocracy always applies to its problems is one of force and the more ancient its heredity is the more will it believe in the unrelenting applica tion of the remedy. By the exertion of sheer physical force the Negro had been enslaved and by the constant exertion of that same power he was to be held in his proper place even after his emancipation. For, while slavery had been destroyed as an institution, the ideas on which it had been founded still survived and shaped the intellectual outlook of the community whose social and economic welfare once had rested on the subjection of a whole class. Thus the white and black alike remained the victims of a past over which neither had control. THE BLACK MADONNA AND HER BABE. How the north may solve the difficult problem remains yet to be seen, but the present writer with all the conviction that is in him believes it will be met by the growth of democracy, or, better still, by democracy working hand in hand with the growth of industry—this same industry, once so deeply despised by the aristocratic tradition, which tore down the walls of the ghetto for the Jew in Europe and threw wide open in these very recent years the doors of all professions and trades to American, French and English women. There is no denying it! This colored migration is part and parcel of the same movement —a movement that advances with accelerated speed to destroy and throw into the dust heap of the past the prejudices that hampered its march to make the world safe for democracy and glorious for the future. Of that democracy the colored man, whose loyalty to America is demonstrated beyond the peradventure of a doubt by the blood he is spilling, like the most devoted of our patriots, on the bloody plains of France, demands his share. And beyond the peradventure of a doubt, too, he believes the north has been true to the promises it made to him, and is not withholding from him one iota of his primal right—the right to work like a man and to enjoy like a man the fruits of his honest toil. This is not charity, not philanthropy, not some thing given which he has not earned. It is something higher and nobler. It is justice. THE BLACK MADONNA AND HER BABE. By LUCIANHE cradles him, her babe, upon her breast, Great with this joy of all the earth most dear. A lullaby, touched with a trembling tear, She croons to Heaven; it is a prayer exprest That he, her boy, may triumph in life's test. He sleeps in dreamless peace, his listless ear Close to her gentle heart of love sincere— The strength that is her soul's immortal best. B. WATKINS. Madonna! many a son you offer up On Truth's eternal Cross of Calvary; And you have drunk of each's death-brimming cup, Down in the vale of God's Gethsemane. Dear Lord! this woman and her children sup The gall of death—for Boundless Liberty! John W., and James H. Williams I, II and III, New York City. ME N OF THE MONTH A STORYTELLER. THIS is not usually considered an at tractive title but when used in connection with the name of Mrs. Blanche Bailey it assumes a new and pleasant interest. Mrs. Bailey is a graduate of the Peoria Library Training School for Storytellers of Peoria, Ill. Her practice work was carried on very successfully with large groups of children in social centers, play-ground and library-circles. For one summer she was park storyteller and her unusual natural ability drew about her groups of both young and old to be fascinated by the charm of her "Once upon a time." This popularity not being enough, however, for this thorough-going young woman, she entered upon a course for play-leaders conducted by the School of Civics and Philanthropy in Chicago. At its completion she was summoned to teach storytelling and play-leadership in Fort Worth, Texas. But before responding to this call Mrs. Bailey entered the Manual Training High School of Peoria and reviewed courses in Domestic Science and Physical Education. It is this thoroughness in preparation that has secured the continued success which is hers in the South. Mrs. Bailey Miss Voorhies Dr. Robinson 282 MEN OF THE MONTH W. Warley G. S. Williams The late I. G. Bailey AN OLDEST INHABITANT. RAHWAY, N. J., is honored by having as its oldest resident Miss Ann Voor hies, who celebrated her one hundred and third birthday May 7, 1918. This old lady was born in Paris, France, but was brought to this country when an infant by her father, an evangelist who later was the first minister to serve Ebenezer A. M. E. Church in Rahway. Miss Voorhies is very religious and attributes her length of days to her unfaltering trust. A WOMAN DENTIST. EDNA CORINNA ROBINSON, D.D.S., was born March 12, 1892, in New York City. Her father, Ishmael Robinson, was a native of St. Kitts, B. W. I., and her mother, Bertha Wallace, of Richmond, Va. She was educated in the grammar schools of New York City and New Jersey. She graduated from the high school, Montclair, N. J., in 1913. That same year she entered the Dental School of Howard University, Washington, D. C , where she took her degree of D.D.S. in 1916. A few months later she sat and passed the Massachusetts State Dental examination and set up in practice in Cambridge, Mass., where she is now located. Dr. Robinson is a pioneer in her district, being the only colored woman dentist practicing in greater Boston, and indeed in New England, and her success is justifying her faith. She takes part in the community work of her neighborhood and appears on the public platform. She is doing her part by her country, too, for her two brothers are at the front in France with the Fifteenth Regiment of New York. A GOOD FIGHTER. WILLIAM WARLEY is the man who helped the N. A. A. C. P. to carry its fight against segregation to the Supreme Court. Mr. Warley was born in Louisville Ky., January 6, 1884, and was graduated from the Central High School in 1902. After various experiences in the field of labor he became a clerk in the Louisville postoffice. But his real interest has always been in journalism, so in 1912 he founded the Louisville News, a paper well-known for its uncompromising policy. It is not surprising then that its editor in spite of much discouragement volunteered to help the N. A. A. C. P. bring the Louisville segregation ordinance before the United States Supreme Court. Mr. Warley contracted to buy a house in a white neighborhood and then refused to complete the bargain because of the segregation ordinance. He was sued by the white real estate dealer and this cause celebre of Buchanan vs. Warley was lost by Mr. Warley— and won for his race. THE CRISIS Harry H. Pace, Jr. A SELF-MADE MAN. S. WILLIAMS is a native of Ray • ville, La., but moved as a young man to Shreveport. There he conducts a number of activities including undertaking, real estate, and a livery business. He has been very successful and is one of the largest tax payers in his community. His business ability has caused him to be made president of the Louisiana Negro State Business League; a life member of the National Negro Business League and vice-president of the National Funeral Directors' Association. A NEGRO CHIEF CLERK. ISAAC G. BAILEY, who had the dis tinction of being appointed Chief Clerk of Local Exemption Board number eight, in the District of Columbia, was born July 12, 1890, in Arkansas City, Ark. He received his high school and business education at the Dermott Baptist Academy, Dermott, Ark., and graduated in 1916 from the College of Arts and Sciences, Howard University, Washington, D. C. In the summer of 1917 he was called upon by Local Exemption Board number eight, the largest in the District of Columbia, to render clerical assistance. His work was so satisfactory that, when the Selective Service authorized the appointment of chief clerks, Mr. Bailey was made chief clerk of his board, being the only Negro in the country to receive such an appointment. He was also admitted to the Legal Advisory Board of the District of Columbia, which gave him power of a notary public. It is with deep regret that we state that Mr. Bailey's usefulness was terminated by his death, April 24, 1918. Booker T. Washington III Shadows of Light 285 Does it show any superiority of mind or soul tothese believe little or Pretend ones? to believe in the "inferiority" of 286 Would it be fair to force these children into Crime and Poverty because of the color of their skin? 287 "Peter, Peter, Pumpkin-eater! "Put her in a pumpkin-shell "Had a wife and couldn't keep her!" "And there he kept her very well!" THE HORIZON MUSIC AND ART. COLERIDGE- TAYLOR'S Prelude to "Nero" was among numbers played by the Royal Artillery Band at a service for munition workers given in St. Paul's Cathedral, London, and at which the King and Queen were present. Mme. E. A. Hackley has held folksong festivals in Augusta, Ga.; Miami, Fla.; New Orleans, La.; Atlanta, Ga.; Louisville, Ky., and Detroit, Mich., during the last eight months. The festivals were largely attended by audiences varying from 1,000 to 2,500 people. Harriet Turner, an American interpreter of Negro songs, will sing under the auspices of America's Overseas League in the hospital for wounded soldiers in France. Carl Diton's "Swing Low, Sweet Chariot" was played by Wassili Leps' Symphony Orchestra at an out-door concert at Philadelphia, Pa., on August 12. An interesting Negro song of 1860, "The Octoroon," by Arthur Steele, is among an old collection of sheet music lately catalogued at the Harvard College library. Four colored girls from Denver, Colo., the Misses Bray, LeNoir, Clement and Cole, are singing Negro folksongs on the Tabor Grand, a large vaudeville circuit. Colored soldiers, under the leadership of Max Weinstein, recently sang Negro Spirituals and folksongs at the Lyric Theatre, Baltimore, Md. Musical America says: "The audience was much impressed with the sincerity and devotional spirit of the colored men." Musical America of August 31 gives an extended review of Arthur Bergh's new cycle, a setting of Vachel Lindsay's "The Congo." The Pace and Handy Company, music publishers, has been established in New York City at 1547 Broadway. Mr. Handy, whose "Memphis Blues" is not yet impasse, has added several other "blues" to his list of compositions. The Greene County, Ohio, Branch of the N. A. A. C. P. gave a unique program in the Assembly Room of Arnett Hall on July 30. The feature of the occasion was a display of the paintings, drawings and literary productions of Effie Lee, daughter of Bishop B. F. Lee. More than a hundred pictures besides a varied collection of book-covers, hand decorated and illuminated booklets of poems and prose selections of Miss Lee's were shown. The exhibition was the result of the interest and activity of Colonel Charles Young. R. G. Doggett's Music Bureau of New York City has been presenting programs of Negro music under the auspices of the Comforts Committee of the Navy League and the National League for Woman's Service. These concerts have been given at the Mall in Central Park, New York City; at Camp Merritt in New Jersey, and at the United States Base Hospital at Gun Hill Road, N. Y. A musical revue was presented to an au 289 Can real Democracy deny to these children whenthe government they are of their grown the country? right to vote and take part in 290 THE HORIZON dience of two thousand white and colored people in Forth Worth, Tex., at the Coliseum, for the benefit of the Red Cross. Mme. Anita Patti Brown supported the chorus of nearly two hundred voices, under Mrs. S. H. Fowler. THE WAR. IT is reported that the 9th U. S. Cavalry has been sent to Vladivostok, Russia. General Pershing has appointed Lieutenant E. B. Cheatham, of Indianapolis, Ind., Judge-Advocate of the 372nd Infantry in France. Major Ollie B. Davis, of the 9th U. S. Cavalry, has been promoted to Lieutenant- Colonel. Over two thousand colored nurses have been enrolled in the American Red Cross. There are 2,640 colored soldiers in thir teen vocational schools receiving special technical work. Since its organization fifteen months ago the fifty-three colored men of Company A, First Battalion, Kansas State Guards, To peka, have become commissioned or non-com missioned officers except two, and they are in the Y. M. C. A. The former company clerk, F. L. Jackson, is now First Sergeant on a Hospital Ship between France and New York. Captain W. W. Russell com manded the company. E. M. Anderson, of Pittsburgh, Pa., has been appointed Assistant Field Secretary of Western Camps, with headquarters at Camp Funston, Fort Riley, Kans., to have charge of religious, social and educational needs of colored soldiers. Will H. Vodery, of Philadelphia, Pa., is bandmaster of the 807th Infantry now in training at Camp Dix, New Jersey. General Pershing has written to William Stevenson, of the Y. M. C. A.: I wish to assure you that I place the greatest confidence in the patriotism and de votion of our colored soldiers, and their splendid work both in the front line and in the Services of Supply. It also gives me pleasure to inform you that they have made a fine impression on our Allies by their soldierly bearing and exemplary conduct. Samuel Ransom, formerly college printer of the University of Chicago, has been com missioned a Lieutenant in France. He en listed as a private. The colored people of Colorado Springs, Colo., recently raised $500 for the Red Cross. Among ten men cited for bravery recent ly by the Secretary of the Navy was Robert E. Hill, a colored gunner's mate. Lieutenant Russell Smith, of Covington, Va., who has seen service with the 10th U. S. Cavalry and attended the Des Moines training camp, has been put in command of the army training camp on the grounds at Howard University. The last remnant of German resistance in East Africa is being carried on by General Von Lettow-Vorbeck, who is now making his stand in the Portuguese colonies in Mozambique. There are thirty-one colored chaplains in the U. S. Army and more are needed. A class began August 23 at Camp Zachary Taylor, near Louisville, Ky. Applications may be sent to the Adjutant General, Washington, D. C. Charles S. Morris, a colored boy, has been made Quartermaster in the Naval Reserve Force and is stationed at Provincetown, Mass. The colored people of Evansville, Ind., have planted more than 1,000 war gardens. They hold $500,000 worth of real estate and have bought $70,000 worth of Liberty Bonds and contributed $8,000 to the Patriotic Fund. The city has furnished 500 colored drafted men. There were ten honor men among 2,500 graduates of the Central Artillery Officers' School at Camp Zachary Taylor, Louisville, Ky., six of whom were colored. Thirty-five Negroes were given commissions. Colonel Roosevelt has contributed $4,000 of $45,482.83, securities and cash from the Nobel Peace Prize, to the colored Y. W. C. A. War Work Council. Negro draftees in Indianapolis, Ind., were tendered a reception at Tomlinson Hall and were addressed by the Mayor and Governor. Recruiting stations for the student Nurse Reserve have been opened in South Philadelphia for colored women. They may, however, enroll at any station. The Reverend Mr. R. H. Windsor, of Rayville, La., has twelve of his nineteen sons in the U. S. Army, eight having volunteered. One is a Lieutenant and two are Sergeants. Mr. Windsor has bought $350 in Liberty Bonds and $75 in War Savings Stamps. Colored people of Maryland subscribed $1,000,000 to the first two Liberty Loans, and $1,000,000 to the third; $10,000 to War Savings Stamps through colored agencies and Woul d not the world be richer if the Gates of Opportunity were flung wide before these children as they grow? 292 THE HORIZON $65,000 more through white agencies. For the Red Cross they contributed 2,000 one dollar members in the Christmas drive and $1,600 since; made 1,500 comfort kits and 350 pieces of knitted wear. Five thousand of their men have been called through the draft. The War Camp Community Service has taken over a house on College Avenue, be tween Nineteenth and Twentieth Streets, Philadelphia, Pa., which has been fitted as a dormitory for the use of Negro service men. A cafeteria, restaurant and poolroom are among the features. There are 6,000 Negro men in uniform at Camp Dix and the Philadelphia Navy Yard. The 813th colored Infantry is being formed at Camp Sherman, Ohio, under com mand of Colonel John E. Morris. The non commissioned officers will be colored men. American Negro troops, brigaded with the army of General Gouraud, east of Rheims, are doing such remarkable work in action with their bayonets that they are said to excel all other men on the fighting front in their use of these weapons. Company A, 301st Stevedore Regiment, has been cited by Rear Admiral Wilson and General McClure for exceptionally efficient work. The colored men unloaded and coaled the immense steamship "Leviathan," for merly the "Vaterland," in fifty-six hours, making a new world's record. A film show ing this regiment at work and at play is to be exhibited throughout the country in the leading colored and white theatres. Charles M. Bonnett is the only colored mechanic attached to the Canadian Army Service Corps Mechanical Transports. For three months he was placed in command of a motor shop in England controlled by the Canadian Army. In the class of one thousand cadets that completed the course of training in the Reserve Officers' Training Corps at Harvard University, August 12, there was one colored boy, Richard B. Sansbury, who was recommended among twelve for an immediate commission. INDUSTRY. TWENTY-EIGHT colored women in Louisville, Ky., have been officially appointed street cleaners. They have a colored man as overseer. Their wage is two dollars per day and hours, 6:30 A. M. to 4 P. M. More than five hundred white and col ored men walked out of the American Car &amp; Foundry Company at Birmingham, near Memphis, Tenn., for higher wages. The white men were offered more wages, but re fused it unless the colored men were given the same consideration. Since joining the union movement the wage of the Negro la borers has increased 100%. Five thousand Negro laborers are being imported from Nassau for Government dock contracts at Charleston, S. C , at $3.25 a day. The Link Belt Chain Company, Indianapolis, Ind., is employing colored women as moulders. They were taught by an expert moulder and new machines to make the work lighter have been installed. Ten thousand colored men are now work ing at the Dupont Construction Company, Jacksonville, Tenn. Wages are said to be as high as ten dollars a day. Twenty-one colored women, selected from the Public School Teachers of the District of Columbia, have been assigned to Special War Work in the Loans and Currency Division of the U. S. Treasury Department. Colored barbers have replaced white barbers who demanded higher wage at Camp Sherman, Ohio. The Service Company, which has been organized at Atlanta, Ga., by colored men owns the Gate City Laundry, valued at $30,000, and is planning another laundry at Augusta. The president is Heman E. Perry. A. J. Webster, a coal miner at Buxton, Iowa, has broken the record by earning $214.06 in fourteen working days during the last half of July. The wage was based on the amount of coal mined and the distance that it was hauled to the mine mouth. It is estimated that Negroes in New York have invested more than $20,000,000 in real estate. The Mennig-Slater Pickling Company, Des Moines, Iowa, has opened its doors to thirty colored women laborers. MEETINGS. A CONFERENCE of workers among boys was held in New York City August 30-September 1, under the auspices of the League on Urban Conditions Among Ne THE 294 groes. An athletic meet was held on the City College Stadium. The slogan is: "Save a boy 'Over Here' for every man lost 'Over There.' " B. T. Harvey, Jr., was chairman. C Three hundred delegates assembled at the second annual convention of the Mme. C. J. Walker Hair Culturists' Union held in Chicago, Ill., at Olivet Baptist Church, August 1-3. Mrs. M. B. Talbert was among the speakers. The second annual chautauqua has been held at the Bordentown, N. J., school. Judge R. H. Terrell addressed the body and Cleota Collins-Lacy, soprano, of New York, sang. The colored division of the Maryland Council of Defense, under Ernest Lyon as chairman, has held a farmers' state-wide exhibit and conference at Salisbury, Md. C At the summer conference of the Young Women's Christian Association at Atlanta, Ga., there were 108 delegates from colored schools. Dr. J. W. E. Bowen, of Atlanta, Ga., re cently addressed a patriotic meeting of 6,000 persons at Wadesboro, N. C. He was in troduced by the local congressman. One hundred prominent Negroes in Col umbus, Ohio, have met and organized the Negro Workers' Advisory Committee of the U. S. Department of Labor. Charles S. Morris, Jr., delivered a patriotic address to five thousand white and colored people in Richmond, Va., under the auspices of the colored Y. M. C. A. Five thousand colored Elks were assembled at the nineteenth annual session of Elks in Baltimore, Md., at Bethel A. M. E. Church. They paraded and voted $10,000 toward the next Liberty Loan. Armand W. Scott was re-elected Grand Exalted Ruler. POLITICS. IN the New York primary E. A. Johnson was renominated to the Assembly by the Republicans of the Nineteenth District and J. C. Hawkins was nominated to the Twenty-first. In the Twenty-first Congres sional District J. A. Bolles, the white man who caused the defeat of R. C. Ransom, the colored candiate last year, was renominated by the Republicans. Charles H. Turpin at St. Louis has again been nominated for Constable on the Repub lican ticket in the Fourth District. Dr. W. CRISIS M. Riley was nominated for State Representative. The Republicans have nominated three colored candidates for the Lower House of the West Virginia Legislature: J. V. Coleman in Fayette County, H. J. Capehart in McDowell County, and T. G. Nutter in Kanawha County. H. M. St. Lauir has been re-elected City Councilman of Cambridge, Md. Harry E. Davis, of Cleveland, Ohio, has been nominated for the State Legislature by the Republicans, standing at the head of the poll in his district. E. F. Hughes, of Col umbus, was also nominated for the Legis lature, standing second in a list of fourteen candidates. Colored women of Texas have formed a Republican Women Voters' League with Mrs M. A. Bradley, of Galveston, president. Dr. D. Jonathan Phillips, of Kingston, Jamaica, formerly of Philadelphia, Pa., has been elected to the City Council of Kingston. EDUCATION. T H E secretary of one of the largest mis sion societies controlling colored schools and colleges throughout the South needs a number of teachers for next year. They must furnish testimonials of high character and hold degrees from first class Northern institutions. Candidates may send testimonials, together with photographs, to "Missionary Secretary" in care of THE CRISIS. The Free Colored Library, Knoxville, Tenn., since its opening May 6 of this year, has circulated 3,537 books, and had an at tendance of 6,146. Robert E. Clay, of Bristol, Tenn., has been appointed Rural School Extension Agent. A new administration building has been erected at Hampton Institute, known as Palmer Hall, which contains thirty offices, a museum and reception room. J. L. Bowler, of Wichita, Kan., has received his M. A. degree from the University of Wisconsin. Rosamond Alston is the first colored student to graduate from the East Greenwich, Rhode Island, Academy. She majored in English, History and Social Science. S. Percival James, of Jamaica, has re THE HORIZON ceived his M. D. at the Chicago College of Medicine and Surgery. William E. Davis, of British Guiana, re ceived the degree of M. D. at the New York Medical College. Philip H. Savory, of Georgetown, British Guiana, secured the highest honors in all final subjects at McGill University, Mon treal. THE CHURCH. COOPER A. M. E. ZION CHURCH, Oakland, Cal., broke the record for colored churches in the Bay Cities by rais ing $1,684 in a recent rally. The Reverend Mr. J. B. Holmes is pastor. The Venerable Henry B. Delaney, Arch deacon of colored work in North Carolina, has been elected Bishop Suffragan for work among Negroes in North and South Caro lina. This election must be assented to by a majority of the bishops and standing com mittees of the several dioceses. Archdeacon Demby, of Tennessee, who was elected to a similar position for the Southwest several months ago, has had his election confirmed and will be consecrated Bishop at All Saints Church, St. Louis, Mo., this month. Bishop B. F. Lee, of the A. M. E. Church, has celebrated his Golden Jubilee. SOCIAL PROGRESS. THE War Work Council plans to erect a $200,000 building for the colored Y. W. C. A. at 9th and Rhode Island Avenue, Washington, D. C. "Jim Crow" signs have been removed from the tennis courts in City Park, Denver, Colo., through efforts of the local N. A. A. C. P. The colored people of Fayette County, W. Va., have petitioned the County Court to appoint colored people for jury service. They claim that the court "has persistently discriminated against persons of color," and that they represent 2,000 voters. The colored people of Philadelphia, Pa., have formed a city-wide protective association as a result of the recent riot. They will publish 20,000 pamphlets giving the cause of the race riots. The McCoach Playground, Philadelphia, Pa., has an entire colored staff of ten teachers with Roland Davis, who is principal. There is a swimming pool, 90 by 40 feet, depth 3 by 9 feet. The grounds are also used as a community center. The Frederick Douglass Hospital, Philadelphia, Pa., is making an appeal for $22, 000. The hospital cost $118,000 and was founded by Dr. N. F. Mossell in 1895. It has cared for 73,000 out-patients and 8,000 patients in the wards. One hundred white and colored guests were entertained by Mme. C. J. Walker at her new home, Irvington-on-the-Hudson. There was music by J. Rosamond Johnson, Joseph Douglass and Melville Charlton, and speeches by Mme. Walker, Emmett J. Scott, William J. Schiefliein, Fred Moore and others. Soldiers of the 25th U. S. Infantry to gether with representatives of all Hawaii's cosmopolitan population joined in celebrat ing the Fourth of July. The Declaration of Independence was read in fourteen lan guages. Union Station Bank, a white institution, of St. Louis, Mo., has failed. More than fifty Negroes lost their deposits. The insulting signs in the park of Hous ton, Tex., refusing admittance to colored people, have been removed. The colored State Medical Association of Oklahoma has issued a health bulletin of twenty-four pages. The U. S. Shipping Board has started a Mississippi River Steamboat for the train ing of Negro firemen. Negroes of Georgia have petitioned Governor Dorsey to advocate the repeal of the statute disbanding the state colored volunteer militia. PERSONAL. JOSHUA SPEARS, the oldest colored member of the Police Department at Indianapolis, Ind., has been made Probation Officer in the Juvenile Court. Olive J. Lischey, a graduate of Fisk University and for many years a teacher in the Nashville, Tenn., schools, is dead. Laurence C. Jones, of the Piney Woods School, Alabama, is lecturing in the Redpath-Vawter Chautauqua Circuit. The Williams Jubilee Singers are also on this circuit. Mr. and Mrs. William T. Francis, of St. Paul, Minn., have celebrated the twenty-fifth anniversary of their marriage. Griffin Hatcher, a colored track laborer at Whiting, Ind., was nearly killed in trying THE CRISIS 296 "I will lift up mine eyes to the Hills." to rescue two white children from an express train. One of the children was saved. Cleon Wilkins, a thirteen year old colored boy of Niagara Falls, N. Y., is timekeeper for the hundreds of conductors and motormen employed by the railroad company which traverses the Great Gorge. Alice Dunbar-Nelson, of Wilmington, Del., has been appointed Field Representative of the Women's Committee, Council of National Defense. Governor Cox has appointed President W. S. Scarborough, of Wilberforce University, to represent the Negroes of Ohio in the Council of National Defense. J. R. Coffey, of Wewoka, led the state of Oklahoma in an examination for Departmental Clerk at Oklahoma City. His mark in arithmetic was 100%. Nora Bayes, the popular comedian, became "tired" of the South when her colored maid was refused accommodation with her at hotels in Spartanburg, S. C , and brought her tour in that section to a close. Wesley Williams, the only colored candidate among 1,070 to take the physical examination for the Fire Department in New York led with an average of 100%. David Gen. Isaac de Kollscritta, a drafted Abyssinian Jewish Negro at Camp Upton, is said to speak twenty-seven languages. R. J. Reynolds, the tobacco magnate, has left $240,000 to the city of Winston-Salem, N. C , to provide two hospitals, one for white and one for colored people, each to cost $120,000. Hubbard Lanier has been made Service Inspector for the Pullman Car Company, Jersey City. He was formerly a porter. In a recent civil service examination for promotion to Grade 6, State Industrial Commission, for stenographer, Florence Charlton-Woodson, of Brooklyn, N. Y., stood first on the list. Byron Lewis, an educator of British Guiana and a student at Edinburgh, University, is dead. Jacob McAfee, a Civil War veteran, died recently in Wichita, Kan., at the age of eighty-one. The McAfee Block, a brick office building, was erected by him in the early eighties. His real estate holdings total nearly fifty residences and buildings. The marriage of Bishop C. H. Phillips, of Nashville, Tenn., to Miss Ella Cheeks at St. Louis, Mo., August 28, is announced. Dr. Joseph L. Johnson, of Columbus, Ohio, for several years special examiner in the U. S. Pension Bureau, has been appointed Minister Resident and Consul-General to Liberia. FOREIGN. THE British Government has made the following recommendation of changes in the government of India: a select committee from the House of Commons on Indian affairs; a privy council for India; larger representation of Indians in the Governor-General's Executive Council; a council of state and a legislative of assembly, the former to have fifty members of whom twenty-one will be elected and the latter, one hundred members of whom two-thirds are to be elected; these bodies are to have limited powers of legislation. Provision is made for provincial legislatures, partially elected, and for modified local self-government. All racial bars in the civil service are to be abolished. The proposed reform is not acceptable to radical Indians. There are 185,000 slaves in the African THE HORIZON colonies recently conquered from Germany. King Bell, of the Kamaroons, was hanged by the Germans for high treason at the outbreak of the war. There was "a great outcry from the populace all night long." The greatest land case in British history has opened before the Judiciary Committee of the Privy Council of England. It is to determine whether 73,000,000 acres of land belong to the chartered corporation which rules Rhodesia, or to the white settlers or to 800,000 natives. A bill for rearranging the administration of native affairs in the Union of South Af rica is under consideration by the govern ment but probably will not be put into opera tion until after the war. It is probable that the proposed unfair division of land between whites and natives will be partially cor rected. M. Rene Claparede, of Geneva, Switerland, writing in La Revue Politique Internationale, on "Europe and the So-called Inferior Races" proposes that Switzerland, which was the birthplace of the great Red Cross work, may see the foundation of a Black Cross or a Golden Cross League in the interests of oppressed natives. In the. legislative councils of Nigeria a native member, Mr. Agasa, has raised a protest against the Empire Resources Development Committee of England, which proposes a huge monopoly of raw materials after the war. Four thousand native Nigerian troops have been fighting in German Africa. The cocoa industry continues to grow and the importation of liquor has decreased from 1.808,000 gallons in 1913 to 394,000 gallons in 1916. One quarter million dollars annually is being spent in education. CRIME. IN the Houston riot August 23, 1917, fif teen white persons were killed and twelve wounded. Three sets of court martials followed which sentenced 29 of the Ne gro soldiers to death, and 81 to imprison ment; 8 were acquitted. Thirteen of those .sentenced to death were immediately exe cuted. The other cases were referred to the President. The President has just confirmed the death sentences of six of these and com muted the other ten sentences to imprison ment for life. The net results is, therefore, that 19 Negro soldiers have been or will be hanged, 91 imprisoned, for the most part for life, and 8 acquitted. The President says in his message: I desire the clemency here ordered to be a recognition of the splendid loyalty of the race to which these soldiers belong and an inspiration to the people of that race to fur ther zeal and service to the country of which they are citizens and for the liberties of which so many of them are now bravely bearing arms at the very front of great fields of battle. White soldiers from Mississippi tried to eject colored soldiers from the Y. M. C. A. hut at Camp Merritt, N. J. One Negro was killed and five wounded. Thirteen military policemen have been arrested. A mob of five hundred white people burned the property of Negroes in Dewey, Okla., August 21. Bad feeling had been brewing for several days, due to labor trouble, but the direct cause was precipitated when a Negro, Ned Widlow, shot the chief of police and another man, who attempted to arrest him. The following lynchings have taken place since our last record: Bastrop, La., August 7, "Bubber" Hall, hanged for alleged attack on a white woman. Natchez, Miss., August 15, Bill Dukes, shot to death. "He was guilty of a crime too revolting for publication." In August, a Negro was lynched at Col-quit, Ga., and another Negro lynched on the road between Quincy and Havana, Fla. Neither of these lynchings was reported by the press. Macon, Ga., John Gilham, hanged for alleged attack on two white women. 298 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 1888 1918 Morgan College and Branches JOHN O. SPENCER, PH.D., PRESIDENT. WM. PICKENS, LITTD., LL.D., VICE PRESIDENT. MORGAN COLLEGE, Baltimore, Md. St. Paul Normal and LOCATION: CENTRAL, IN GREAT COLLEGE TOWN BETWEEN THE NORTH AND SOUTH. POLICY: CO-EDUCATIONAL. COURSES: FOUR YEARS WITH APPROPRIATE DEGREES. ELEC TEES TO SUIT THOSE PREPARING FOR PROFESSIONAL STUDY. Industrial School ADVANCED COURSES IN EDUCATION. GRADUATES RECEIVE CERTIFICATES FOR ELEMENTARY AND HIGH SCHOOL TEACHING IN THE STATE. FACULTY: COMPOSED OF COLLEGE AND UNIVERSITY TRAINED LAWRENCEVILLE , VA . MEN AND WOMEN. NEW SITE: FORTY ACRES OF MOST BEAUTIFUL SCENERY, STREAM, HILL AND FOREST. Thirty -First Session TERMS: VERY REASONABLE. OPENED SEPTEMBER 24, 1918 MORGAN ACADEMY, Baltimore, Md. LOCATION: IN THE SUBURBS OF BALTIMORE ON A BEAUTIFUL COURSES CAMPUS. HEALTHFUL SURROUNDINGS. COURSES: PREPARATORY, NORMAL, AGRICULTURE, DOMESTIC PRIMARY, GRAMMAR SCHOOL, NORMAL, INDUSTRIAL SCIENCE AND ART. PREPARATION FOR RURAL TEACHING. DORMITORIES: WELL EQUIPPED AND SUPERVISED. Graduates receive State High TERMS: VERY MODERATE. PRINCIPAL: LEE M, MCCOY, A. M. School Certificate which will PRINCESS ANNE ACADEMY, admit to Standard Normal Princess Anne, Md. (EASTERN BRANCH MD. STATE COLLEGE OF AGR.) Schools and Colleges LOCATION: THE FAMOUS EASTERN SHORE OF MARYLAND. COURSES: PREPARATORY, NORMAL, INDUSTRIAL, DOMESTIC SCISUMME R SCHOO L FO R TEACHER S ENCE AND ART, MUSIC. DORMITORIES: CAREFULLY SUPERVISED; FURNISHED. EXTENSIV E TRAD E COURSE S TERMS: FREE TUITION; OTHER EXPENSES MODERATE. SUMMER SCHOOL: PREPARES TEACHERS SPECIALLY FOR RURAL ENROLLMENT 1917-1918, 496 SCHOOLS. WEDNESDAY, JUNE ILFITH TO THURSDAY, AUGUST 1ST. COURSES PREFESSIONAL AND INDUSTRIAL. Athletic Training. Football, Baseball, Tennis, Etc. THOMAS H. KIAH, A.M., PRINCIPAL. FULL COURSE IN MILITARY TRAINING ALL SCHOOLS OPENED SEPTEMBER 23RD, 1918. For Catalog and Further information address DORMITORIES OPENED SEPT. 21, 1918. REV. JAMES S. RUSSELL, D. D., Principal ^••HJIIIUIF RRMIIIIIIIRI I MIL MIT U»TVI IIINI MRRI URN IIIITRIIIRIIJIIIIRIIIIRIIIIUIIIIIITIIIIIINIIHNIIIIITIIIIIIIIIIIINIIINMIINI^G LAWRENCEVILLE, VA. I The Tuskegee Normal ( | and Industrial Institute | The Alcorn A. &amp;M. College | FOUNDED BY BOOKER T. WASHINGTON | Alcorn, MISSISSIPPI | An institution devoted to the training | | of young men and women. Courses in 1 | Agriculture, Teacher Training and forty | STATE A . &amp; M . COLLEGE FOR NEGROES | trades. Exceptional opportunities for I Departments: Academic, Agricultural | earnest students of limited means. and Mechanical; Strong Faculty, | Address: healthful location; terms reasonable. | ROBERT R. MOTON, Principal, j For catalog of information address, Tuskegee Institute, Alabama. L. J. ROWAN, President, ^^111 JNN I IIJIKIIIIIIIRIIIIIITIIIIJJTIIIIITTIIIIIJIIIIIIIIIIIIIJIJIIIIIITIIIIJIRIIIIIIIIIIIJIIMIIIIIIMMDJJJIIIIUHIIIIJJIDIIDFIIIIITJIMI Alcorn, Mississippi. The New England Conservatory of Music Students' The Colored Teachers' Bureau Club will give information to anyone coming to Boston to study music. Will Help You Get A Better Paying Position. Address the club Secretary REGISTER NOW REASONABLE TERMS Mrs. Estelle Ancrum Forster ADDRESS: COLORED TEACHERS' BUREAU 74 W. Rutland Square Boston, Mass. Send stamp Box 22, Wilberforce, O. "JUST THE PLACE FOR YOUR GIRL" Daytona Normal and Industrial Institute for Negro Girls, Daytona, Fla. Beautiful location, ideal home life, fine, modern equipment. Courses include Kindergarten, Primary, Grammar, High, Normal, Vocational. Nurse Training at McLeod Hospital a specialty. Terms reasonable. Send for Catalog. MARY McLEOD BETHUNE, --Principal. Mention THE CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Bell Phone Spruce 1924 30-Day System Position Derrick Shorthand School Childs' Building 1435 Chestnut Street PHILADELPHIA ENROLL IMMEDIATELY TO HOLD PLACE IN CLASS Send for Enrollment Blank, and full information- Day and Evening Classes FALL TERM BEGAN SEPTEMBER 3, 1918 THE STENOGRAPHERS' INSTITUTE 1227 S. 17th ST., PHILA., PA. Shorthand Typewriting Bookkeeping Our students recently appointed at the Navy Yard, Arsenal, and Post Office as stenographers and clerks are receiving Big Salaries— male and female stenographers are averaging $1800 per year. W e are informed that one of our male students is a stenographer in France. SCHOOL OPENS OCTOBER 15th THREE MONTHS COURSE—5 lessons a week. Apt students can pass Civil Service Examination at end of course. EIGHT MONTHS COURSE:—2 lessons a week. W e advise students to take this course because it gives more time for lesson preparation and practice. / Edward T. Duncan. President BEREAN MANUAL TRAINING AND INDUSTRIAL SCHOOL South College Ave. and N. 19th Street Phila., Pa. Fall Term and Twentieth Year opens Tuesday, October 1, 1918. Domestic Art, Industrial Art, Mechanical Art, Commercial and English. Sessions both day and evening. Age, sex or previous training no bar if applicant has good character. Years of honorable records and worthy traditions our trade-mark. Helpfulness our object. Efficiency our aim. Write or visit the School now. MATTHEW ANDERSON, PRINCIPAL 1926 S. College Ave. Phila., Pa. THE WAR DEPARTMENT URGES ALL GRADU ATES OF HIGH SCHOOLS AND ACADEMIES TO Enlist and Go to College LINCOLN UNIVERSITY PENNSYLVANIA Offers courses in Arts, Sciences and Theology A Unit of the Students' Army Training Corps has been established in the College and offers opportunity for continuing the College Course and at the same time for preparing to meet the needs of the Army for highly trained men. All Departments open September 24, in place of September 17, as previously announced. ADDRESS, REV. J. B. RENDALL, D. D. President Lincoln University, P. 0. Pennsylvania STENOGRAPHERS WANTED All Races Prepare in the beat school of its kind in the State Subjects Shorthand, Typewriting, Bookkeeping, English, Pen manship, Civil Service Training, and SPANISH. COMMERCIAL CLASS Lenox Community Center—at PUBLIC SCHOOL 89 Lenox Avenue and 136th St., New York City. Open All Year—Four Evenings Weekly.Fitz W. Mottley, President. TEACHER S Aliveagency furnishes the connecting medium in a busi ness way between teachers and schools and relieves teachers of the embarrassment of job hunting. We have had calls for teachers from Alabama, Arkansas, Delaware, District of Columbia, Florida, Georgia. Illinois, Indiana, Kansas. Kentucky, Mary land, Mississippi. Missouri, New York, North Caro lina, Ohio, Oklahoma, Pennsylvania. Rhode Island, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia and West Virginia. . THE MUTUAL TEACHERS' AGENCY 1408 New York AVENUE Washington. D. C. My course in Penmanship, Bookkeeping, and Shorthand through the mail will prepare you for the position worth while. Write for information. A. D. NOLLEY, M. PEN., 519 MICHIGAN AVE.,BUFFALO, N.Y. Mention T HE CRISIS, THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 300 The Future of Your Child The future of your child depends on you! Because "the boy is father to the man" does not excuse the father of the boy from doing his duty. Your boy and your girl ought to be able to begin where you left off. It is up to you to make it possible for them to do so. They are going to be able to do it in just the proportion that you make it possible by your foresight. There are many ways in which you can make their future secure. If you succeed in your plans and everything goes well, you hope to do it. But maybe your real estate investment does not turn out well; your business venture fails; your health gives way and your personal endeavors fall short. There is only one absolutely sure way. If you want to make a thing secure you want the sure way. LIFE INSURANCE is absolutely sure. It is the only thing a man leaves after death that is worth a full one hundred cents on the dollar. Houses and lands must often be converted into cash at a sacrifice. Crops must be gathered; stocks and bonds are often below par but A FIVE THOUSAND DOLLAR LIFE INSURANCE POLICY will bring your boy or your girl a full FIVE THOUSAND DOLLARS. They will begin where you leave off. Maybe your baby is among the beautiful children in this issue of the CRISIS . It is the most beautiful one in the world, no matter whether its picture is here or not. You ought to feel so and you do. Make that beautiful child's future secure by protecting its future with LIFE INSURANCE. The future of your child depends on you. STANDARD LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY Home Office, 20 0 Auburn Ave., ATLANTA, GEORGIA HEMAN E. PERRY, President HARRY H. PACE, Secretary-Treasurer Mention T HE CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 	301 Southern Aid Society of Virginia Incorporated HOME OFFICE: 527 NORTH SECOND STREET RICHMOND, VIRGINIA INSURES AGAINST SICKNESS, ACCIDENT AND DEATH Fall Protection Against the Full Death ClaimsEmergencies of life. Paid After Death, Regardless of Amount of Benefits Perpetual Paying Drawn During Benefits on Account Life. of Sickness and Accidents. Over $5,000,000 Insurance in force. Over $1,000,000 paid to policyholders. Over $300,000 assets owned by the Society. Over 1,000 people employed by the Society. Over one-half million dollars annual business. You are not finished without a Southern Aid Policy A.	 D. PRICE, THOS. M. CRUMP. B. L. JORDAN, President Secretary Assistant Secretary Mention TH E CRISIS 302 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER THE NORTH CAROLINA MUTUAL AND PROVIDENT ASSOCIATION Home Office, DURHAM, N. CAROLINA The Oldest, Largest and Strongest Old Line Legal Reserve Negro Life Insurance Company in the World Abstract from Financial Statement for 1917 Shows: Total Income—1917 $ 624,794.31 Total Disbursements—1917 523,925.70 INCOME OVER DISBURSEMENTS $ 100,878.61 Admitted Assets 358,363.97 Liabilities (Including $258,918—LEGAL RESERVE) .. 270,801.51 Unassigned Funds (Surplus) 87,562.46 INSURANCE IN FORCE $11,157,472.00 $130,000.00 DEPOSITED WITH INSURANCE DEPART MENTS FOR THE PROTECTION OF THE POLICYHOLDERS Amount Paid in Claims Since Organization $1,736,504.50 YOUR CHANCE TO BUY STABLE LIFE INSURANCE FROM $500 TO $5,000. POLICIES WITH ALL MODERN PROVISIONS, IN CLUDING A PERMANENT DISABILITY CLAUSE. John Merrick, President A. M. Moore, M. D., Sec'y and Treas. C. C. Spaulding, Vice-President and General Manager J. M. Avery, Assistant Gen'l Manager E. R. Merrick, Ass't Sec'Y Mention The Crisis THE CRISIS ADVERTISER NEGRO SOLDIER IN OUR WAR Published in July (new book), Tells all about the war; it is fair to colored people; everyone buys; a tremendous seller. Price only $1.05, with COLORED MAN NO SLACKER, free, or choice of other 26c pictures; agents making $7 to $23 per day. Send 25c for agent's complete outfit. AUSTIN JENKINS CO. 623 9th St., "Washington, D, C. Prof. G. A. Goodman, Treas., Mississippi M. &amp; I. College. Writes: "I have sold 170 Progress of Colored People, sold 32 in one day, went out on a two day trip and sold 50." $20 to $30 Per Week being made selling our new book "Progress and Achievements of the Colored People" by Prof. Kelly Miller, showing the wonderful doings and new opportunities of our race; low prices, many pictures, lightning seller!; Price, $1.95. ask for terms, write for outfit 25 cents. Colored Man No Slacker Picture in bright colors 16 by 20 inches or a big 14 by 11 inch picture of Kelly Miller mailed for twenty-five cents, or put in to each book buyer and agent for ten cents extra. GET IN WITH A LIVE COMPANY MAKE THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS Prof. Kelly Miller. Author, Howard University, Washington, D. C. Dean Miller's Picture 11x14 Given with the book, or Picture mailed for 25c Mention THE CRISIS, 304	 THE CRISIS Atlanta University Studies of the Negro Problems 20 Monographs Sold Separately Address ATLANTA UNIVERSITY CONFERENCE ATLANTA UNIVERSITY :: ATLANTA, GA. The Curse of Race Prejudice By James F. Morton, Jr., A. M. An aggressive exposure by an Anglo-Saxon champion of equal rights. Startling facts and crushing arguments. Fascinating reading. A necessity for clear understanding and up-to-date propaganda. Belongs in the library of every friend of social justice. Price 25 cents. Send order to JAMES F. MORTON, JR. 311 WEST 138TH STREET •!• NEW YORK, N. Y. $25.00 PER WEEK may be made in commissions by parties handling "History of Negro Soldiers in Spanish-American War" combined with "History of the Negro Race." 400 pages, 50 illustrations. Price $1.25 net Address: E. A. JOHNSON 134 Nassau Street A Rare Single Copy NEW YORK  ADVERTISER THE NEGRO IN AMERICAN HISTORY Contains 296 Pages, 15 Chapters, Historical and Biographical, 17 Full Page Illustrations Printed on Fine Antique Book, Bound in Full Green Extra Cloth, Gold Title on Front Cover and Shelf Back. Price, net $1.26. Postage Prepaid $1.40. Order through any bookseller or direct from the author. Address JOHN W. CROMWELL 1439 Swann St. Washington, D. C. Hale Infirmary and Nurse Training School 328 Lake Street, Montgomery, Alabama. Hale Infirmary School of Nursing offers to intelligent young women between the age of eighteen and thirty-five a three years' course in the profession of nursing. Students of this school are eligible to Alabama examinations for the degree of R. N. For further information apply to the superintendent. The Whittaker Memorial Hospital Training School for Nurses Offers a three year course of training to women who wish to enter the nursing profession. Favorable applicants must be over 18 years of age, of good health, of good moral character and must have had two years high school training or its equivalent. Application blanks will be sent on request. LILLIE A. WYNN, R. N. Superintendent Orcutt Avenue and 29th St., Newport News, Va. Honor For A Negro Book By authority of Congress, our book "A Tribute for the Negro Soldier," written by J. E. Bruce, (Bruce Grit) has been made one of the public records. We are pleased to announce its steady sale in all parts of the country and in foreign lands. 25c 	There remains territory for several good agents however. Write for terms to BRUCE and FRANKLIN, Publishers 1309 E. 18th Street	 Kansas CITY, Mo. TRUE BLUE This Beautiful Picture in Four Colors Mounted and Ready for Framing 25c stamps 8 beautiful post cards showing the Negro in the War. Send 10c. for full set and send cheer to your Soldier. Beautiful Pictures for the Home. SPECIAL OFFER: W e will send 1 picture "Tried and True" 11x14; 1 picture "True Blue," 10x12; both in colors and ready for framing and the full set of Patriotic post cards for 40c. Live, hustling agents make real money on these. Write quick. JULIAN R. MILLER, Jr. 1201 SPRUCE STREET, PHILADELPHIA, PA. Mention THE CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER	 305 In the Heart of Musical New York PACE &amp; HANDY MUSIC COMPANY HAVE MOVED "THE HOME OF THE BLUES" FROM BEALE ST., MEMPHIS TO 1547 BROADWAY NEW YORK CITY Millions of people the world over hear Pace &amp; Handy Music on Victrolas, Grafonolas, player-pianos. They dance by it, applaud it and love this particular and different style of music, yet they do not know where to buy the sheet music. Ask any Kress, Woolworth or Kresge store for our music and insist on your music dealer carrying our numbers in stock. If you cannot buy our music from your dealer and want it immediately, write direct to us sending 15c. by money order or stamps for each number desired. If you have heard ANY SONG played or sung which you want to possess but do not know where to buy it, send to PACE &amp; HANDY for it. If it is published we have it or can get it and will shoot it back to you quick ly. The most popular song in New York today is our "A Good Man Nowadays is Hard to Find." Hear Bert Williams on the Columbia Records in our "O Death, Where is Thy Sting" Two Wonderful Ballads "Thinking of Thee" "The Song the Sunny Southland Sings" Piano copies, 15c. Orchestration 25c. Band Arrangements, 37c. Buy from your dealer or write direct to Pace &amp; Handy Music Co. 1547 BROADWAY, NEW YORK CITY "THE HOME OF THE BLUES" Roland W . Hayes Phonograph Records 130 Boylston St. Boston, Mass. CEO. W. BROOME, Sales Manager Now ready and on sale 1.	 Swing Low, Sweet Chariot. .. $1.50 Negro Spiritual, by Harry T. Burleigh. 2.	 Vesti La Giubba (Put on Your Smock) $2.00 Arioso from PagliaccL, Orchestral Accompaniment, Leoncavallo. 3.	 Twilight $1.00 By	 Katherine A. Glen. 7.	 By and By $1.50 By	 Harry T. Burleigh. In	 preparation, ready about Oct. 1 4.	 Steal Away to Jesus .$1.50 Negro Spiritual by J. Rosamond Johnson Orchestral Accompaniment. 5.	 Una Furtiva Lagrima (A Furtive Tear) $1.50 From Elisir d' Amorc. Orchestral Accompaniment, Donizetti 6.	 I Hear You Calling Me $1.25 By Marshall. These records are manufactured by the Columbia Graphophone Co., and can be played on any disc talking machine. AGENTS BOSTON, Mass., A. J. Jackson &amp; Co., 130 Boylston St. BOSTON. Mass., Harold Whltham. 1781 Washington St. BOSTON, Mass.. Hicks, Laney &amp; Eaton. 79S Tremont st BOSTON. Mass., IL A Dinsmore. 1221 Tremont St. ROXBURY, Mass., James Abraham G. Hinton. 86 Humboldt Ave. CAMBRIDGE, Mass., Mrs. G. W. Nowell, 10 Beal St., Brookline. Mass. SPRINGFIELD. Mass., J. W. Adams. 150 Eastern Ave. WOBURN. Mass., Edward Caldwell. 388 Main St. DETROIT. Mich.. Miss Grace L. May, 253 Woodland Ave. MONTGOMERY, Ala., Wm. G. Porter, 368 Margaret St. TUSKEGEE. Ala.. Arthur Logan. Tuskegee Institute. BIRMINGHAM. Ala., Miss E. O. Wyatt, 1319 Ave nue H. JACKSONVILLE, Fla.. J. M. Robinson. Jr.. 1924 East St. CLEVELAND, Ohio, Andrew M. Sissle, 2388 East 40th St. PORTLAND. Ore.. Mrs. E. D. Cannady, 401 Bu chanan Bldg. PHILADELPHIA, Pa., Mrs. Margaret Corbett, 1941 Bainbridge St. KANSAS CITY. Mo.. Mervin S. Harris, 845 Everett Ave., Kansas City, Kan. OKLAHOMA CITY, Okla.. R. s. Jacobson, 224 East 2nd St. SAN FRANCISCO, Cal., Harry O. Johnson. Security Savings Bank, 316 Montgomery St. OAKLAND. Cal.. Mrs, A, M. Smith. 494 Moss Ave. CHARLESTON, S. C. E. B. Lawrence. 470 King St. NORFOLK, Va.. Miss B. C. Smith, 822 Avenue A. PITTSBURGH, Pa., Mrs. Chas. H. Trusty, 820 Ana heim St. WASHINGTON. D. C. Dr. C. Sumner Wormley. 997 Florida Ave., N. W. SPRINGFIELD. III., Miss Alice E. Williams. Box 131, Chatham. Ill MA DI SON VI LLE, Ky.. J. A. Watson, 117 Main St. LOUISVILLE. Ky., Mrs. H. W. Jordan, 822 W. Walnut St. LOUISVILLE. Ky.. Columbia Phonograph Co. PROVIDENCE. R. I., Miss Fiorina M. Williams, 297 Thayer St. Reliable Agents wanted in cities not represented in this list Roland W. Hayes, Tenor. Recitals, Concerts, Oratorio, Opera, Booking engagements for Continental Tour, Season 1918-1919. For terms, dates, etc. please write. Mention T HE CRISIS. 306 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER LULA ROBINSON-JONES Soprano Available for Concerts Telephone 6393 Morningside 126 W. 134th Street New York Ci t y FLORENCE-COLE TALBERT Soprano "She has one of the best voices that God has given her race."—Los Angeles Times. "Special praise must be given Mrs. Florence Talbert who beside her natural gift has already reached a high plane of professional accuracy."—Herman Devries in Chicago American. Engagements accepted for Concerts, Recitals, Oratorio 659 28th Street, Detroit, Mich. Clarence Cameron White VIOLINIST "Critics are one in then high estimate of the splendid attainments of Clarence Cameron White and his Con cert appearance in your city means the musical event of the season." For terms and dates address 616 COLUMBUS AVENUE BOSTON, MASS. ADVERTISE Use Something New CALENDARS FOR 1919 WITH Negro Subjects No Christmas gift will be more appreciated and useful than a beautiful Negro Calendar. No advertisement can keep your business so vividly before the public during the entire year but a calendar. Write at once for samples. Needed: Experienced Salesmen. Mercantile Calendar Co. 413 Florida Avenue, N. W., Washington, D. C. BUSTS OF Booker T. Washington, Fred Douglass, Paul Lawrence Dunbar, Bishop Richard Allen. $1.50 each. The 4 busts for $5.00. Agents wanted. Send at once. THE ISAAC HATHAWAY ART CO. 718 S. HICKORY ST., PINE BLUFF, ARK. SPEND YOUR VACATION AT Beautiful Idlewild The most wonderfully Ideal spot where young and old cast aside for the time all the cares and worries of their strenuous, nerve racking routine lives and romp and play once more as children and enjoy to the full nature in all her wondrous glory. The waters of the lake and surrounding trout streams are fairly teeming with game fish of the best varieties. Do you enjoy bathing, boating, fishing, hunting! Do you enjoy roaming through the woods picking wild flowers and wild berries? Do you want a place to go where you can build up your health, vitality, energy and business efficiency ? Do you enjoy mingling with the active, thinking, progressive people of the day—people who do things? Do you believe to progress and do you want to /have a part in one of the most progressive move-* ments of the time? Surely! I Then you will be Interested in, and want to own lot of your own in Beautiful Idlewild, Michigan. If you act at once you can Be-J cure a beautiful lot for only $24,50 each-/$6.00 cash; $1.00 per week. When your / payments are completed the lot will be / transferred to you by an absolute • warranty deed with abstract showing / clear title. f ±c a Good live energetic agents wanted Idlewild Resort Company 1110 Hartford Bldg., So. Dearborn St. Chicago, Ill. Idlewild Resort Company 1110 Hartford Bldg., Chicago Ill. Gentlemen: Without cost to me please send me full particulars regarding Idlewild. Name Address State Write Plainly THEY ARE WINNERS — HAVE YOU GOT 'EM — IF NOT, WHY NOT WHO TOLD YOU, YOU KNEW HOW TO LOVE BIG NOVELTY SONG SUCCESS SOMEWHERE A HEART IS YEARNING THE BALLAD BEAUTIFUL IF YOU CAN'T COME HOME BEFORE MID-NIGHT BIG SINGING—TALKING HIT 10c. Each—The Three For 25c. If it's music we do it—Write us. JAMES S. WHITE CO.. Inc. Mantua Building. BOSTON. MASS. HOTEL WASHINGTON 100 CALLING CARDS SO CENTS Calling and Business cards are good sellers at all First-Class Service for First-Class People seasons of the year. Liberal commissions. Write for samples and agent's terms. 3427 South Park Avenue, Chicago, Ill. The House of Chowning, Indianapolis, Ind. Mention T HE CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER AGENTS MAKE BIG MONEY Kashmir Preparations for Hair and Skin are the fastest selling articles of their kind on the market Because: They've got the quality They are put up in hand some, attractive jars They win re-orders. Every one	 who uses Kashmir buys again and tells other friends about it. We make our agents such a big liberal money making offer. 100% Special offer including KASHMIR AGENT'S DISPLAY CASE Kashmir Chemical Co. "Write for it today. 	Dept. C. 312 S. Clark St. CHICAGO, ILL. We	 want a representative in every town to teach Kash mir	 Health and Beauty Courses. W e will show you how Barnett Advertising Service. to earn a big salary. WE ARE NOW GIVING THE COURSE BY CORRESPONDENCE Special price for sixty days only $15.00, payable $10.00 with application and $5.00 when diploma is granted. Send $1.00 for thirty days' trial treatment. We teach only one person in a Dermo College Co.Makes you an expert in beauty culturetown, she teaches the rest. Our Chicago graduated agents are making money. DERMO COLLEGE CO. 4118 S. State St. Chicago. Ill if It Is For Your LodgeWE HAVE IT! We manufacture Lodge Regalia for every Fraternal Society. Cash or Installment Plan. Cheapest Badge House in the Country. Catalogue for your Society FREE. CENTRAL REGALIA CO. The Negro Regalia House. JOS. L.JONES. Pres . N.	 E. Cor. 8th &amp; Plum Cincinnati, Ohio Mention THE CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER NATURAL HAIR WIGS Direct From Manufacturer My business is selling fine quality Human Hair Goods direct to the wearer by mail. Every wig is hand made by skilful workers using only the best of materials, and should not be confused with machine made goods which are frequently advertised at lower prices. This wig has two parts in front, is dressed in one handsome swirl all the way from front to the back as illustrated. This can also be dressed in This wig has a continuous part from the center of the forehead to the nape of neck. Another part back, if so desired. across the head from ear to ear, also two additional parts in the front on the right and left sides, commencing at the forehead, meeting the part that crosses from ear to ear making three parts in front; an additional part runs across the back of head No. 2 Wig, Price $12 EVERY WIG MADE TO YOUR under both ears. OWN MEASUREMENT No. 16 Wig, Price $19 In addition to the two styles illustrated, I make many other styles OF wigs; also a complete line of switches, transformations, etc. FREE—Illustrated catalog with instructions for ordering sent on request. SATISFACTION GUARANTEED—All goods as represented or money refunded. ALEX MARKS 704 Broadway New York City Mention T HE CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Mrs. M. Watson Rudd, 17 West 42d Street New York City has placed upon the market her new ROSE NINON NUFEET POWDER. It is especially recommended for soldiers, clerks, railroad and factory employees, dancers and all persons who are required to stand or walk to any extent. Agents Wanted—Write for particulars AGENTS SELL PATRIOTIC PICTURES Colored Man No Slacker 12 Pictures, $2.00 25 for $3.00 50 for $5.00 1oo for $8.00 Cash with order L. D. Thompson &amp; Co. 451 East 32d Street, Chicago, Ill. COLORED MAN NO SLACKER Greatest of all Patriotic Pictures; taken in actual life; lithographed in five colors. Big profits; enormous demand; selling by millions. Retails 25c. Agents prices 15, $1.00; $5.00 per 100; $37.50 per 1,000. Catalog free. 25 other patriotic pictures same prices. HANZEL SALES CO., 12 Federal St., Pittsburgh, Pa. DOLLS DOLLS Beautiful Colored Dolls at popular prices Also beautiful Patriotic Pictures of Negro Officers and Soldiers. SPECIAL PRICES TO A GENTS Otis H. Gadsden Co. 30 Church Street Room 339 with all modern Suburban Homes improvements on electric car line connecting Washington, Baltimore, Annapolis and Camp Meade. Auto road. 30 minutes' ride to city. Near Washington, D. C. Lots 50 by 150. $270, $10 down. $5 monthly Houses built to ordcr after $100 or more is paid on lot. Fertile land, good elevation, gardens, chickens, etc. Store, school, churches, community club. Booklet free Thos, J. Calloway 1403 New York Avenue I live there among friends Washington, D. C. I will be through your territory soon Kindly save your orders for me W.H.HARLESTON Made to measure CLOTHES NEW YORK GET THIS SUIT made to your own measure. It won't cost you one single cent. W e will give it to you so you can show it to your friends. It will be a big" advertisement for us. You can easily make from $35 to $50 Every Week and besides that be the best dressed man in your town. It's an opportunity you cannot afford to overlook. Even if you only want to order a suit for yourself, don't fail to Write For Our Big Offer Don't delay a minute. Drop us a line or send us your name on a postcard, and we will send yon absolutely free, our wonderful style book, containing dozens of beautiful samples to choose from Write now. The Progress Tailoring Co., Dept 767 Chicago SOMETHING NE W UNDER THE SUN Allianceskin Pants "Allianceskin" pronounced stronger than a lion'd skin We Pay Express or Parcel Post Charges Made As You Like Them. A new cloth —beautiful finish and texture.' Can be worn for dress or work and the formula for weaving "Allianceskin" is our exclusive property. Wonderful value. Only $1.00. We make suits to measure from $13.50 up; also overcoats. Just mail us your name and address and we will send Agents FREE all our catalogs, with Wante d real samples of cloth, illustra-A t Once tions, tape line, order blanks, etc. Biggest bargains you ever Our prices save half. Satisfaction guaranteed. See all our references. SEND NO MONEY. PRODUCERS &amp; CONSUMERS ALLIANCE ' Wholesale Tailors, Chicago Effective Corn Pealer will remove the most stub New York City Ladies-Gentlemen-The born corn. Peals off with the fingers. The people need them, want them, buy them. Free offer. Easy sales. 50% profit to agents. Retail 3 for 10c. Manufactured by Douglas Scarborough, 723 E. Fayette St., Syracuse, N. Y Mention TH E CRISIS. 310 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Swell Suit Free Luminous paint makes objects visible in the dark by applying same as ordinary paint. Cumulating clock dials that tell time in the dark. Luminating match boxes find your matches in the dark. Send 2oc. for sample. Agents wanted. Write for terms. Quality and fit guaranteed Get This Suit Made to YOUR OWN Measure NO matter where you live or what you do we will make you thefinest and snappiest suit you ever wore and send it to you all charges prepaid if you take advantage of our amazing offer at once. W e make this Wonderful, liberal Free Suit offer for a short period of time, to a few, live, wide-awake men. No Extra Charges of any kind. All the latest fancy styles, golf bottoms, tunnel belt loops, pearl but tons—everything Free. $40 to $60 a Week in your spare time. Drop us a line at once so that we can tell you all about this wonderful offer and send you Free our latest fashion plates besides dozens of ' real cloth samples to choose from. Write at once, don't wait, don't delay. SPENCER MEAD COMPANY, Dept. 1668, Chicago, Ill. It's Yours Free THIS SUIT made to your own individual measure, from the finest Absolute cloth and high grade linings. It won't Satisfaction cost one cent. We simply ask you to show it to your friends and Guaranteed recommend our clothes. A No Extra Charges of any kind—all the latest fancy! styles, golf bottoms, bolt loops,' pearl buttons — EVERYTHING EARN$40 to $60 a WEEK inyour spare time.It's the easiest thin g i n the world . Write at once and get this new big offer. Even if you are an agent for another tailoring house. be pure and write for this new and most liberal offer ever made. Don't Wait! Don't Delay! Drop us a line at once. W e pre pay everything. WASHINGTON TAILORING CO., Dept. 404 Chicago Patents secured on easy terms Write for particulars. $1.00 pants JOS. H. STEWART, Attorney-at-Law, Not $1.00. not even 50c, not one cent costto you under our easy conditions. No extra charge for fancy, swell styles, no extra charge for extra big, extreme peg-top: pearl buttons, tunnel or fancy belt loops, no extra charge for anything, all FREE. Before you take another order, before you buy a suit or pants get our samples and new offer. Agents of other tailoring houses please write, we have a new deal that will open your eyes. We ask every man to answer this, every boy in long pants, every man, everywhere. No matter where you live or what youdo, write us a letter or postal and say "Send Me Your New Free Offer" the big, new different tailoring deal. Costs nothing and no extra charges. Write today, this minute. Address^ 9 KNICKERBOCKER TAILORING CO. Dept. 676 Chicago. Ill Mention Manufactured by Bailey &amp; Anderson 2116 Oakford St., Philadelphia, Pa. AGENTS WANTED Men, women and High School boys to sell the most beautiful patriotic picture ever made for colored people, "Colored Man is no Slacker," 16 x 20, five beautiful colors. You can coin money with this. Every home will want it. Agents selling 50 to 200 each per day. Over 200% profit Also to sell Memorial Edition of the "Life and Works of Booker T. Washington." Complete picture and outfit mailed for 25c. in stamps. HUSE SALES COMPANY, ATLANTA, GA. Telephone, Baring 7794 ISADORE MARTIN Real Estate and Insurance Notary Public 6 North 42nd Street, _. . /Central 104 W Telephone.. { 61 Main HARRY E.ATTORNEY-AT-LAW160 7 Williamson Building General Practice WILLIAM R. Mortgages Philadelphia, Pa. DAVIS NOTARY Public  Cleveland, Ohio Notary Public  MORRIS ATTORNEY AND COUNSELLOR-AT-LAW 818 Metropolitan Life Building Minneapolis Minn. BROWN S. SMITH ATTORNEY-AT-LAW Office,: SuiteNear ThirdMinneapolis Tel. 5437 Fort Hill EDGAR P.ATTORNEY AND3 School Street Telephone Connection W. Ashbie Hawkins 802 Sykes Block  and Hennepin  Minn. Cable Address, Epben BENJAMIN COUNSELLOR-AT-LAW  Boston, Mass George W . P. McMechen HAWKINS &amp; McMECHEN ATTORNEYS-AT-LAW 2 1 East Saratoga Street Baltimore, Md. 494 Louisiana Ave., N.W., Washington, D. C. Telephone Greeley 4214 Established 1911 BR ANIC'S New York and Brooklyn Express Daily Trips to Harlem 212 WEST 35th STREET ANDREW J. BRANIC New York City AGENTS $60 WEEKLY Robinson Folding Bath Tub. Big seller. Costs little, no plumbing, little water. Weight 15 pounds, folds into small roll. Full length baths, far better than tin tubs. Guaranteed 10 years. $10 a day easily made. Write for free tub offer. Robinson Cabinet Mfg. Co. 4875 Factories Bldg., Toledo, Ohio THE. CRISIS. Inform yourself as to THE EXODUS OF THE NEGROES By Reading Dr. Carter G. Woodson's A C entury of Negro Migration 220 Pages Price $1.10 This book is unique in that it is the first and only scientific treatise in this field. It undertakes to explain why the Negroes have migrated, where they have gone and what they have done. AGENTS WANTED EVERYWHERE SEND ALL ORDERS TO THE AUTHOR 1216 You Street, N. W. Washington, D. C. BOOKS BY PROFESSOR KELLY MILLER 1. An Appeal to Conscience (just off the press— MacMillan).... $ .60 2. Race Adjustment (publishers' price, $2) 1.50 3. Out of the House of Bondage (publishers' price, $1.50) 1.25 4. The Three Books Listed Above (publishers' price, $4.10).... 3.00 5. The Disgrace of Democracy 100,000 copies already distributed, the largest circulation of any single self-paying document ever issued on the race problem—10C the copy. Agents wanted everywhere—Rate to Agents — 5c the copy Add 10% for postage to all orders. Remittance invariably in advance. Address KELLY MILLER, Howard University, Washington, D. C. KASHMIR PREPARATIONS FOR HAIR AND SKIN Why not be 	It's Easy to Have Clear, a Smooth Skin KASHMIR and Pretty Hair THE GIRL? KASHMIR WAY She "Just Loves KASHMIR" FREE	 FREE Write for new edition famous Kashmir Beauty book. Tells all about the Kashmir Way and the 9 wonderful Kashmir Preparations. Send names and addresses of 25 of your friends with your order and receive full 50c. size Kashmir Cream Powder free. (Any shade) Kashmir Skin Cleanser 50 Cents Kashmir Hair Grower Postage 8c. KASHMIR CHEMICAL CO., Dept. K, 312 S. Clark St., Chicago, Ill. Barnett Advertising Service.